4	Well, they do not accept AMEX... So remember the VISAIt reminded me of a Costco I had visited before.. Nothing really stood out to me in their warehouse themed environment.I found their prices acceptable... nothing to yelp about really....I'm sure I'll be back
4	Sam's is one of my favorite places to buy my bulk items.  The saddest fact of this Sam's club like many others is it's location.  This Sam's is located directly next to Wal-mar... eww.  However, Sam's shines brightly as soon as you walk through the doors and grab your bulk surplus of daily items.
4	There are lots of reasons to Like Sams club, one reason is you can buy one pack of Toilet paper and wipe for an entire year!! On a much more appropriate note, we are doing the low carb thing as most of you know and it Mr. Sam has made it easy to stock up on things like chicken breast and salad and any other odds and ends and normally if you do not mind buying in bulk you can get pretty good prices if you break it all down. One of the things we pick up there at a great price that we normally do not buy at our local albertsons is the portabello mushroom tops... They are always very fresh and make for great grilled portabello salads. For those of you Sample searchers, Yes they still do Sunday afternoon samples you can make your rounds and eat meat, seafood, nuts, grapes and have a shot of colon cleanser and be on your way.... What a steal.. Do I hear a UYE coming to Sams Club!?
4	I'm a fan of Sam's Club and this was the first time I've been to this one.  I stopped in to pick up some vitamins and supplements.It is a very clean location and a customer with 1000 items was kind enough to let me go ahead of her since I only had 4 items I was carrying in my hands.....you don't see kindness like that too often anymore.Will I return?  Only if I'm in the neighborhood, which is rarely.
4	Since having a child I find I shop at Sams alot more. This is my favorite location by far & closest one to my house. I usually start out at the snack bar and order a pizza {to be made while I shop} for dinner and get a soda to sip while I shop. They have crushed ice..me likey that alot!They have great prices on all the paper goods,diapers, trash bags etc.And they also seem to have fresh strawberries year round which is great since we eat alot of strawberries.You can check it Sams with a day pass and see if they have the supplies you like. I prefer Sams over CostCo.
3	Sam - I - am a member of :) Well, until we just became members of Costco last week when my membership expired. Costco is closer to our house!Still, to me they are both pretty much the same. They both sell huge amounts of everything and you cannot leave without spending a few hundred dollars!Back to Sam's! I really liked it there. Clean, wide aisles, tons of merchandise. They sell everything from jewelry to popcorn to dish detergent. And in BULK...everything. LOL. I love when they have samples out too, because seriously, if I am going to buy 30 tons of it I had better like the way it tastes. Overall, its a little overkill for a household of 2 but I can see how it is useful for larger families.  If you don't use Sam's you might "S"ave "A"ll your "M"oney  SAM ....hahahah!
3	As a member of Sam's, the $2.57 Nathan's hot dog meal is a steal.
2	This Sam's Club is hit or miss.  More often than not the cashiers are rude and do not understand English.  Also, they can't seem to stick to implemented policy (ie: taking large items out of the cart or leaving them in the cart). I also loathe being made to feel like a their upon exiting the store.  In no other part of the country do they check your receipts upon exiting the store.  If Costco were closer I would go there.
3	The produce at this location is really disappointing. If you are looking to pick up non-perishables, then Sam's is a good option, but fresh vegetables and fruits are usually better at Costco. Sans grapefruits, they are amazing and cheap here. Look at the expiration dates carefully. Have seen some items that are pass their date and have been kept on the shelves.
4	They don't have as much selection of costco.  I also think they are missing some of the programs costco offers such as the auto buying program.Still though, the prices are great.  I easily make up the membership fee just by buying gas.  They have great return policies.For under $4 you can buy a hotdog, drink, and a slice of pizza.They don't take visa or mastercard credit cards (but will take debit), but costco has similar policies so I can't complain too much about that.One advantage Sam's has over costco is that it is a lot less crowded.
4	If you're hungry and on a budget this place has 1.50 polish hot dogs with a large drink. If you have smaller brother or sister or children just give them five bucks to go to the food court and let them eat while you shop. Parking is never hard to find. When you go in you are always greeted, and everything else from there is pretty self explanatory. If you ever need some cheap foood or items or need to buy in bulk this place is the place. The employees are always helpful and know the layout of the store well. The check-out lines are always moving too so they are usually never long waits.Their optometry center is okay. The selection of glasses could be larger, but I usually am content with what they have to offer.
5	Sam's Club!  There are 5 things we get from Sam's Club through the year.  And as you read this some of you will probably say yeah we get that too.  So drum roll please! 1.) Diapers2.) Toilet Paper3.) Soda 4.) Dog Food 5.) GASOk.  So you are all thinking that you get these main items as well.  Or the rest of you are SC haters and think that Costco is the best.  Now that the fun is over, we do get more that just these items.  Sam's club is packed full of stuff.  They are one of the few places that still have butchers cutting meat in the back.  they have the best prices on beef.  The also have kids clothes and adult clothes.  We mainly find a lot of cute outfits for my daughters here.  We always buy Coca Cola here because it is the best price.  I know that supermarkets always have sales on soda.  but these are usually on holidays.  I don't know about you but I don't like to wait for the sales.  On top of all the different bulk items you can get form Sam's Club there is the Snack Bar!  I love this place.  pretzels, hotdogs, pizza oh my!  and it's cheap! Go get your membership and enjoy all the products Sams has to offer! Cheers!
3	With either my immediate family or myself being a Sams Club member since the 2nd store was built in Grandview, MO back in 1983, I've been a loyal member and fan longer than there's been Sams Clubs in Las Vegas.  In short I've seen many of the clubs and am quite familiar with them. But when it comes to this Sams Club there are some issues. Produce quality is a serious problem. Check any produce you buy for mold. I've found moldy strawberries, blackberries, and more at this location. Also not every Sams Club carries the same exact product mix. You can purchase Dole Mandarin Oranges in 100% juice in the small pack here while the Sams Club on Tropicana doesn't carry it. That's just one example that comes to mind. If you don't see something you expect to find and you have a smart phone, pull up their website and check inventory. You would be amazed at the differences in the stores product mixes. Also you want to make sure that when exiting the club you have exactly what you paid for. On 5 occasions in February and March 2012 I've been shorted items, or ended up with extra from someone else where people weren't paying attention. When it comes to Sams, I've done a lot of comparison shopping. And I come back to the same conclusion. If they carry the item it's almost always cheaper than the WalMart price when you look at unit pricing. In short, the best deals are here. This location also has gasoline and diesel which is typically cheaper than any station close by. Overall this is a convenient Sams Club for those living in Henderson, but you need to check your produce and your cart to make sure you're getting the best deal and what you paid for.
5	The gas prices here are always the lowest.  However, when the gas is up and drops down all of a sudden, be very prepared for long lines at the pump.  Sometimes you can be waiting for 20-25 minutes.
4	Good location, next to Walmart and Home Depot. Produce is usually pretty good, unlike Costco Sams has Rainier cherries. Meat department could be improved, the beef is not the best quality and is often tough. The bakery is nice. I love the pharmacy, lines are never long, the optometrist is okay as well. I like Costco better(better selection) but Sams is closer. Sams is also a good place to get a quick lunch or dinner, pick up a pizza, ribs, roast chicken, or hot dogs. I almost forgot about the auto center is pretty good and tires are fairly priced here.
4	Goodbye Costco!!  Hello Sam's Club.  I was so tired of the soccer mom crowds at costco.  Every time I went there, the line for gas was longer than ever...the line to check out was longer than ever...the line for free samples was even ridiculous.  Sam's rarely has any of these problems.  There is usually an open lane for gas, usually no more than one person in front of me to check out.  And, I can even snag a sample of greasy chicken tenders before a family of 8 hordes them all.  Sam's is great and pays for itself after just a couple visits.  Pro tip:  Try the Member's Mark toilet paper.  Its the cheapest stuff there but I defy you buy anything else once you try it!  It's that good!
4	I shop at Sams because there are a lot more locations throughout Las Vegas.  The parking here is sometimes chaotic. I have never personally been treated bad here from employees, most that I have encountered were helpful. I usually shop here for bulk purchases of Toilet paper (Sams Brand), Dog food, meat, frozen fruit, battery service for our cars, gas for the cars, and the large size Tobassco, lol.  I did sign up for Directv here to go along with our LED tv purchase.  You can find some great deals here for electronics and household items, and it will always be cheaper here than at Walmart.  PS any Walmart gift card is good at SAMs too.SAMs carries great holiday/seasonal items. In fact they have most of the Christmas items already out and I started to put my must have list together.  Don't forget, get your gift cards here, they are sold cheaper than the listed price on the package.  Also great gift give always.Added bonus when they are doing samples.  Especially since today I came straight from work, hungry, to in fact get my car battery changed.  They even put air in my tires and went over the warranty.  Much needed with the LV heat that shortens the life of batteries. So Today, rather than wait around in a car shop, I got my shopping on.
4	How can you go wrong with buying in bulk? There are so many reasons that you can and will be a fan of Sams Club. First off You get in the club.... OK just kidding. I have a large family and let me tell you when it comes to going to smiths or other places for your everyday food needs it tends to get expensive. Thank God for Sams!!You can buy everything and more here. You get double the amount of items you would normally see and typically its only a few bucks more or the same price. This is a must have membership if you have a family of 5 or more. You will see you pantry still full of food after 2 weeks go by. The only down fall with Sams club is be ready to spend some real cash before going and leaving this place. don't get me wrong its worth it (if you know how to shop) Typical when we shop at smiths or Albertsons we have to go every week. When we do a Sams run its about every 2-3 weeks. When you sit back and add up how much you really spend and the length it last. Hands down Sams is the way to go. The weekends is the best time to go. Yeah its a little busy and crowded but you can pretty much get a free lunch from all the sample stands. I cant tell you how many times I have been here wanting to only grab this and that and those darn samples make me want to buy that item. Self control I think not!! Typically the employees are nice and willing to help and the lines at the register go fast. And people please, please, please have your receipt ready when you get to the door. Thanks!!
5	This place is gigantic. They have a great selection of almost anything you could want in bulk size. Be prepared to wonder for a while as there is a great deal to choose from. Well worth the membership fee! Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	Best hot dogs ever! How can you beat a big hot dog & large drink for a $1.50? :)
4	I like it, I really go here to get gouda cheese, they have a huge chunk for about $10.00.  Yes, I will go and look at other things, but really that's all I want is the gouda!
2	Cheap gas and good location but once my membership is up I'm not renewing.  It's frustrating that they don't accept Visa or Amex, which couldn't be less convenient for me.  I can't shop here without my husband for that reason.
2	The people that work here are slow and complete idiots. They don't care about customer service. I live so close, so I'm here on a regular basis. Bombarded by the tech guys as you walk in, "NO, I don't want to learn more about DIRECT TV!" and you can never find anyone who is willing to help you locate anything. I watch, what appears to be the managers or some sort of administrators, strut around with their radios in and out of the scores of customers in two check out lines. There is no such thing as a quick trip to Sam's Club. With the staff at this location, it's not a shopping trip, it's a day long adventure. Do yourself a favor, drive to the store on Rainbow and the 215. Better staff, cleaner store, and more compitant managers.
4	I use my parent membership card to get some free sample of food (whenever they have it) and I love the food court they got food that huge, tasty and CHEAP.
4	I love this Sam's Club for a couple of reasons.  One the gas prices are typically $0.10 less than at a normal gas station. The inside of the store is clean and well cared.  The staff is typically pleasurable and willing to help!  They do have a few self checkout stands but these do not take cash.  So cash payers like myself need to go through the regular lines.  A cash option in the self checkout would be great!They also have the best rotisserie chicken for a great price!  Yum Yum!
4	I love shopping at Sam's rather than Walmart... Sam's is like a upscale version of Walmart. They pretty much have the same things as Walmart except in bulk, and you don't have to fight through the aisles with a bunch of Walmart shoppers pushing and shoving with their hostile attitudes, brought from their rude upbringing of ill 'ed mannerism. LOL! Hey it's a fact! But yes at Sam's they have a good vodka selection.. Not that i'm  an alcoholic but i love to collect vodkas from awesome parties i throw on occasion.. You will find pretty much everything here at Sam's. I usually buy their buy my office supplies here since it's so cheap especially the ink cartridges for my HP printer, really cheap compared to office max or any other office stores.. But most of all I love running around this place and sampling all the food, ending it with a with a cheap pizza! haha!
3	Ok, I don't do my main shopping here.  And I've never been on a Friday night.  I was in the mood for some gouda and they have a stuffed salmon that I like.  The first line I got in, there was a guy with a basket full, and I guess he didn't realize he had to have a Sam's club card....REALLY, because I have to show mine when I walk in.  So I move to another line, I thought it was going to be a good line, she was almost done, then all of a sudden, they were waiting for a managers approval for something...OMG, I just wanted to check out with my 2 items, I have a card, and there was nothing special where I needed a manager for anything.  They really need an express lane!  Yes, I was bad, I just left my stuff on the counter....I just couldn't take it!  I don't think I will be back on a Friday!
3	Okay it is the warehouse version of walmart and a twin to costco. Got membership on living social for $5 so why not since they are close by. very similar to costco except they have nathan's hot dogs and coke products in their soda machines. prices okay but you need to watch just like costco. furniture seems to be pretty aggressively priced and of decent quality. just like costco things disappear often so if you see it and want it, buy it. you may not see it again. found some red lobster cheddar bay biscuit mix, spectacular. brought a couple boxes back to cali for friends.
3	It's ok not a huge fan but its what I have close to me so I guess it'll do. Love their pizza though :-)
4	My mom and I shops here for necessary things such as: food and  household supplies. A great place to shop, place is clean & organized.  Their little cafe-ish that they have inside is a good deal for their food! and it tastes pretty decent, too!  Their optical area has a great selection of eye-wear. I fell in love with a few of them, too! The opticians are so friendly! They have cheaper contact lens here than walmart! Since I pay full price on my lens, I would go to walmart thinking it was the cheapest place I could buy my contact lens.  But then I finally decided to look at sam's contact lens prices & wow I could have been saving at least $30 - $40 each time I buy a box of contact lens.
2	I usually haven't minded visiting Sam's. Especially for diapers, wipes, body washes and what not. I even picked up my contacts from them for the first time a little while ago. I find decent prices on shorts for my husband.... I even come back when they accept VISA debit cards, but not VISA credit cards.....(?)Unfortunately, I think I'll be using them less now, and probably will not renew my membership in December.A few weeks ago, a girlfriend and I went on a hunt for engagement rings... She wanted ideas on styles to give to her boyfriend, since the topic had come up between them recently. I, was also looking for a new diamond piece. We had been to several stores that day, both unsatisfied with what we had seen..... Sam's club just came up randomly.I have passed the blonde woman who usually handles the jewelry counter many times, since it is right by the entrance of the store.....This woman,  is not my favorite. She always seems to have a mean mug on when you walk by.......when she decides to make an appearance. Her name tag says "Sassy", when something crude would be more appropriate for her. Not only did we have to wait around for someone to even assist us, when she came around, it looked like she could care less about my friend looking, or myself wanting to make a purchase.Asking to see pieces out of the showcase was even worse. I was waiting for an eye roll to go along with her sighing, and huffing and puffing.Not cute, not impressed. Aren't you in the customer service industry...? If I didn't have any self control, I would have asked her if there was an ""effing"" problem.Even worse, I send a very detailed email to Sam's customer service, including the store number and employee name, along with the situation.. And they respond with asking me what store, and what employee it was.... HELLO?! Did you not read the novel of an email that I sent?No response as to if the situation was even handled.....I was given some phone number to call, and re-complain.. Shows how much they want your business.I think I'll be looking at Costco for my "bulky" needs.
4	I have been to this Sam's Club twice since moving to the Las Vegas area and have gotten gas here once. There was a little wait for the gas but hey, the prices are cheaper than the competition so everybody and their momma are here filling up their tanks. The Sam's was average. Nothing stood out so 4 Starz for not being dirty or the people being unusually  impolite. Can't ask for too much more than that.
4	When buying in bulk, I really enjoy coming here compared to Costco because the lines are shorter and they have many similar items....a.  Location -  First of all, who designed all the shopping center parking lots in Las Vegas?  The entry and exit to this huge mall is absolutely horrible. The parking lot itself seems to be great if you were a mouse in a maze going after the cheese!  A mish mash of navigation and dead ends... b.  Selection - Great top of the line and popular items, mixed in with the Walmart and Sam's Club branded items.  Very good prices.  Where as they do NOT have food demo stations like Costco does, you can get some great things here.  OK, they have so much here it is not possible to list all, one of the things I cannot find anywhere else other than a specialty market is:-  Beef ribs Flanken Cut - Ever want those wonderful Korean Short Ribs cut about 1/4 inch in thickness?  Here they sell it!c.  Service - Overall, same as other places, however I notice that since they are not so busy, they can give a bit more adequate service.d.  Prices - Besides the 40.00 per year feel, if you pay for the business membership, you can get in at 7:00 am Mon-Sat and this is hugely worth it as it is not busy at all.In this day and age, it is all about convenience and Sam's has it.
2	This review based on my experience in their gas station, this one only got like four or five gas dispenser.  That is like half compare what I used to in other location.  This reason is probably why there is very long line when we came here. The other problem, there were only one gas dispenser in the line.  Seriously, they need to add more dispenser.  This is one of the cheapest gas station near the strip is probably another factor why is so crowded, having less dispenser is not helping at all.
5	We shop here all the time. They have good products a good prices and I have never had a problem with any thing I have purchased from tires to groceries to bakery to vision center.
5	This location is a little further than my usual Sams Club but it's worth the drive. Although it's always busy and parking is challenging this store definitely has more options. We thought they discontinued some items at the Trop location but we were able to find them here. More cashiers are available and there is even a self check out.
4	I like going to Costco & Sam's Club whenever I'm traveling just to see how similar / different the stores are.  This location definitely has better beer & wine selections than the few Sam's Clubs near my home in San Bernardino, Ca.  Even better is Nevada does not charge a recycling fee so I pay less for bottled water, beer, wine, etc.  hence, you bet I loaded up for the trip home...
4	Let me start off by saying that I love Sam's Club, and this one is no exception. We recently moved here from California, and I have been quite happy with this location. My only complaint is the hot dogs. Yes, I know...I don't expect gourmet dogs here, but whenever I go to Sam's, I like to get a hot dog combo after shopping. However, the dogs at this location are horrible. Specifically, the buns are horrible! I have gotten 6 combos on different occasions, and each time, the buns were hard and fell apart. It's as if they are old and stale. I know this is not indicative of all Sam's Clubs because at the one I used to shop in California, the buns were soft and did not fall apart. Anyway, I know this might not be a big deal to some people, but sadly, I think I will have to give up my hot dogs at Sam's.
5	Great place for my students with disabilities. Everyone is friendly and helpful.  The food is cheap and good.   Also you can find good buys here at SAMs!
4	On the weekends, grocery trips and errands are planned out, so we shop the general area for several places. We've been here about 5x in the past year. This store location is super busy. Just expect it, or if you can, get here early. We go to three different locations but the Trop/Pecos is our regular one. Seems like the inventory varies. It's funny, because you'd think it's the same company, right? Also, setup of the store also varies, too, as well. This warehouse store (chain) has the best prices on: mostly baby items such as diapers, wipes, aveeno, 2 pack Apple Juice (100% juice), cases of bottled water, chips, baking supplies, cheese, bread, bagged salads, birthday cakes, and floss. Sometimes, veggies, and meat prices are good, too. Samples of food is available on the weekends. Also, there are weekly sample promotions (you scan your card into the self-service machine). And then when you're done at checkout, make sure to stop at the cafe for cheap deals, like the frozen yogurt (triple berry- my favorite!) and sodas.We had to stop at the customer service line once, and that was a super long time, but since there was only one cashier to help, what do you expect? I also did mention above that this location seems to be very busy, we usually come here on saturdays (our regular one, is pretty much, any day of the week).
