4	Ok, I admit it: I love having my teeth cleaned. There's nothing like running the tip of your tongue over clean, smooth and fresh teeth. So, you can imagine my excitement when I decided to go in for my quarterly cleaning. Having received a voucher in the mail, I figured 25$ off a service was enough of a draw to get me in. Granted, this voucher wasn't mine - it was for the previous occupant of my apartment. But, hell, the dental office didn't know that. "A friend gave it to me," I told them when I presented it proudly at 8 a.m. one morning. I was then told that's for birthdays only, and when my birthday comes around, I'll get mine to use. Oh. Well, I was already there, so I might as well stay - without the voucher even. Good thing my dental insurance covered the cleaning. After 30 minutes of waiting, I'm escorted back to a regular, average-sized dental office. You know, all decked out with the typical dental chair and machinery. That's when I'm told that the X-rays I emailed weren't going to be enough, so they had to re-take 'em. WTF. Ugh. First off, I hate stuff being stuck in my mouth. It pinches my cheeks and hurts. So, when the dental hygienist said, "You have a really small mouth," I wasn't surprised. It wasn't the first time I heard it. Nor was it the first time I had ever had X-rays taken. Hell, I got 8 beautiful veneers last year. You don't get those overnight. That's one helluva process, which includes way too many impressions (translation: gooey-ness and mouth pieces stuck in your mouth for at least a minute.) So, I sucked it up. It had to be done. It was the means to an end, I told myself. Besides, my dental insurance should cover it. That's when I was told they then had to measure my gums. An assistant was called in and the poking and counting began. I didn't mind, but it was more of my time devoted to routine practice... and not the cleaning I had been dreaming of. Oh, sweet cleaning, why were you playing hard to get?!?Imagine my frustration when, after the Gum "stuff" and X-rays were taken (a few re-taken due to bad shots), I then had to have my mandatory consultation with the dentist. I guess he, himself, had to poke and prod around my gums and teeth. That's when he wanted to talk about replacing a couple caps and taking care of a cavity I have. Uhm, now? All I wanted was a cleaning. Seriously. Plus, he heard that a friend referred me. "What friend?" He asked. "Uh, Christy." I lied. "Christy who? I only ask because I like to thank my patients when they refer their friends." I was cracking up inside. Of course he did. "I don't know," I said, "I don't really know her that well."That's when I checked the time. It was close to 10 and I had a meeting. Was this really happening? I told them I had to get going because of work. Ok, so maybe I didn't look like the young professional I am when I'm sitting in a dentist chair with flip-flops, jeans and an old t-shirt on. Not to mention my hair was haphazard in a pony-tail and my face was free of make-up. Who was I trying to impress anyway? Bottom line, I had to get going. The friendly hygienist (who, turns out, is from Michigan) said the cleaning would take about 20 minutes. I let my office know I was running behind; then, I relaxed into the dentist's chair.  Time for the cleaning! Ah, the cleaning... bliss... pleasure... oh, sweet jesus...Then, ugh. Fluoride. I was told I couldn't eat or drink or rinse for 2 hours. WTF. My stomach rumbled in anger. Afterwards, I was given the usual bag of goodies. Upon check-out, the woman at the desk had already drafted up the coverage and cost for the procedures the dentist said I needed to get done. Cool. That's helpful, I thought. Right on. But then she wanted to schedule the appointment. "I need to check my schedule," I said. She looked surprised again, as if to say, "Oh, you work?" Yes, g'dammit, I work!  After telling her about 2-3 times that I would have to get back to her, she finally let me go. That's when I sped out of the parking lot with 15 minutes to run home, change (no time for a shower, grr!) and get my arse to work. I hate-hate-hate running late. I didn't know that a routine cleaning scheduled at 8 a.m. would take 2 hours. So, why the 4 stars? I can't knock how thorough this office is. I just wish they would have told me ahead of time, then, the working gal I am, I would not have scheduled an important meeting that morning. I would have saved it for the afternoon, esp. since I had to lead a meeting on an empty stomach with Fluoride breath. Meh.
5	Superb service. That's a big deal when it comes to your teeth. I had to have a root canal, ugh. But the doc and his assistant made it as painless as a root canal can be. Plus, they call ahead of time to remind me of my appointments. They also called after wards to make sure I was doing okay. During the procedure, they'd check to see if I was hanging in there. The assistant was also kind enough to tell me what they were doing. Whenever I asked prior to my appointment on how long each visit would take, they would give me a fair estimation. I really appreciate that - so I can plan accordingly. Another big thing is the wait time. Talk about nada. When you're appointment is at 3 p.m., you can be certain you'll be taken care of on time. Right on. Nobody likes to wait, especially when it comes to the dentist.
5	I had an absolutely stellar experience at All Smiles.  I finally got dental insurance, and made an appointment based on Alicia's review.  It helps that it's right down the street from my house too!Everyone was just great.  The hygienist was sweet and chatty, and let's just say the dentist isn't too hard on the eyes, ladies....  He has some beautiful blue eyes!I am just so pleased with the cleaning and service I received.  I will recommend All Smiles Dental to anybody!
5	Like many people, I have some wisdom teeth. Like they do, two started to rebel and had to go. I finally gave up just dealing with the pain and called around to a few dentists. I called one place, but from its website and description, it sounded really pricey, plus all the online reviews on it were shit. They were open late and weekends though.I call this place second. They aren't open late, but very early (7am), and one saturday a month. I called on a Saturday and someone actually answered and took my appointment for that Tuesday.I arrived early, its a small place with not very much parking, but very easy to find. The inside is pretty small too, but nice. Theres a couch with tv, and not crappy tv that just shows dental commercials. Theres a small area to get coffee, and a mini fridge with drinks right in the main area. Its not decorated or lit up like a normal dentist office either, its all regular comfy furniture and lamps instead of crap office furniture and florescent lighting. When I asked about my appointment there was some confusion, and it seemed like the nice person I spoke to on saturday had not actually made my appointment. They didn't tell me this, but it was easy to figure out since they had none of my info and no idea who I was. They were happy to still accommodate me though, and in a few minutes I was taken into one of the rooms, where a very nice assistant took my ex rays and prelim questions.I have been to the dentist enough to know that usually the first time you go you get a consultation, and the real work starts on the next visit. When the dentist came in and asked me about my teeth, had a poke around, and confirmed that both wisdom teeth on the right side had to go. I was shocked when he offered to take them out right then! Now, the may not seem exciting to anyone else, but I was in excruciating pain. And I'm not one of those people that needs to be put under to get teeth pulled. I have a high pain tolerance. He also said he could get me out of there and to work in a couple hours. The work was what I consider pretty typical, the dentist and assistant were nice, kept me up to date on what was going on while they were working and making sure I was doing ok, numb enough, etc.I have terrible allergies and ended up getting dry socket from all my sneezing. I called the dentist the next week, and the couple times I've been in to have the dry socket dressing changed (which btw is disgusting, clove flavored crap), they always were able to get me in right away and super nice about it. They also haven't needed to be reminded that I'm allergic to latex, which the doctors office I've been going to for over a year can't seem to remember.I don't think theres anyway to make the pain of having teeth pulled not hurt later, so I did spend a few days right after the first appt feeling like someone had punched me in the face. If you're looking for an awesome dentist and don't need one of those spa like crazy places that tries to upsell you on everything (like gum treatments and tooth lightening), this is the place.PS: I didn't see any of that stuff offices put in for kids in the waiting area, so I don't think its really a kids kinda place. Even more reason for me to go.
1	I gave all smiles rave reviews initially but since then have had a horrible experience there.  First, they screwed up in scheduling my cleanings and much to my surprise, billed me $82.  What?  My cleanings are free!  If that is not so bad, I guess I'm just livid that I received a threatening letter in the mail saying that I had been disregarding my bills for months now and would have to pay in full.  IT WAS THE FIRST SUCH BILL I HAD RECEIVED! When I called the office they said they do the "best they can" in scheduling appointments so that the insurance covers it but there are over 1100 insurance companies and they are "not perfect".  Funny, I have been going to the dentist for years and have NEVER had to pay for a cleaning!  And for the nasty billing letter threatening to turn me over to collections ...  I MUST have received the other bills because they show they mailed them!   This place has gotten roughly $2000 from me in 1 year and $850 (+$82 now) out of my own pocket.  All Smiles, this is some "thank you for your business".  I will never be back!  BEWARE!
2	I went in for a cleaning about 3 weeks ago. When I called to make an appointment, I asked how long it would take, since I was leaving the office. They told me 1-1.5 hours.   It all started off okay, the girl taking my X-rays yakked my ear off, which was a little annoying, but preferred over someone who doesn't say anything.  She had to move me into another room because the equipment was working, and then moved me back to the other room to wait for the doctor.  The doctor came in, looked at my X-rays, looked at my teeth and then explained that I needed a couple fillings replaced.  He was pretty brief, but thorough enough.  Next the hygienist was running behind, so I waited about 15 minutes in the lobby for her.  When she was ready, she took me into yet another room.  At this point I was a little annoyed with the musical chairs, and asked her how long she anticipated the cleaning would take.  She said it would "depend"!   Well that doesn't help me get back to work on time.  The cleaning was okay, it was little uncomfortable when she was scraping, but then my whole mouth was very sore for days.  When I went to check out and pick up my estimate for the fillings, I noticed immediately that he pricing was wrong. The office manager proceeded to patronize me and tell me that I was misinformed and the pricing was right.  Finally, since I had already been in the office for over 2 hours, I just asked her to verify the pricing with the insurance.  She said she would call and then call me later that afternoon.  I've still never received a follow-up from her.  I did however receive an estimate from my insurance in the mail yesterday... and sure enough I was right. She was almost $500 off (not in my favor).  I'm guessing that when she found out she was wrong, she decided she was going to let the insurance company notify me.  Unfortunately, the doctor was fine, but when you spend 90% of the time at the dentist with his support staff, you have to rate the office as a whole.  Sorry Dr. Smith, you just lost a patient!
5	I've been going to this office for probably about 10 years now. My ex husband actually turned me on to them and from the first visit I noticed they were different. Very personable to their patients. Remembered names, aspects of their lives, just overall good relationship buidling. Yesterday I went in and there was a new dental hygenist named Tish. I'm not usually very particular because staffing turnovers are just something that comes with business but I have to tell you she was LOVELY. Very gentle and her conversational skills were perfect. A lot of hygenists engage you in conversation you can't participate in because...you're at the dentist. But she was very skilled. Both job skills and conversation. And I was surprised to find out she had just graduated about a year ago. She's a perfect example of how experience doesn't always mean a better choice. Thank you Tish! I hope you stay around in the office for awhile.
