4	This is a great big park. It has a playground, ponds, grills, covered picnic areas, multiple grass feilds, dogs are welcome, have walking/running trail. As you just read this park is pimpin. It is also a great place to exercise, relax.or have a cook out.
5	I take my morning walks here several days a week. Weekday mornings, the park is deserted but weekday evenings and weekend mornings, it's a different story. The fields are packed with football and soccer players. It's a great park for these types of activities. The maintenance crew does great work to keep the grass lush and green with so much traffic at least once per day every day of the week. The hills down to the soccer fields on the west side of the park are amazing for ice blocking too. You can get quite a bit of speed going down those slopes. Also, there are a few geo cache sites here so stop by for an geo cache adventure with the kiddos.
4	Why have so many people forgotten the beauty of their local parks? I have mentioned this place to so many people who seem to not even know it exists! Beautifully landscaped & lots of parking close to the picnic tables. A good group of small but shady trees - perfect for napping or reading or napping :)  A nice water feature that makes for great bird landings - I saw ducks and geese (or pheasant or flamingos - I'm not really a bird person) splashing about to keep cool on a late summer day in 2012. Now that we've made it through half the winter, I'm looking ahead to more, ahem, reading in the shade!
5	I LOVE DISCOVERY PARK!I selected Discovery Park to run my professional Fitness Boot Camp because of the central location to the Gilbert shopping and the freeway, but more than anything the beauty and variety of the terrain to train my clients in and on. The park is HUGE and the staff who tend to the grounds and service our professional needs to rent the space we train on are wonderful!I do wish they had more parking and I do wish they had more equipment for kids to play on not hidden from bathroom. I also wish I had fitness equipment such as monkey bars to do pull-ups on. Even with all of this said I still rate the park 5 stars!I am grateful to have a beautiful park that is well groomed and cared for so my clients are safe as we workout in the beautiful, fresh outdoors!Grateful,Jennifer and Alan Shumway
4	This is a nice, big park that is well maintained and nice to walk through. There are tons of playing fields which seem to be in use almost constantly. When they are in use, the park is REALLY well lit, even a little later in the evening. My little one is fascinated with sports and can occupy the better part of an hour just watching the kids practice soccer here. He also loves walking along the various ponds and enjoys playing in the small play area on the south side of the park. The play area is very small and there isn't a whole lot there to do - a few swings, a rock wall/structure that kids can climb on, and a large rock ball thing. I do like that it is filled with wood chips instead of sand (my son's shoes were empty of sand/dirt after our trip here) The ponds throughout the park are nice - they are full of ducks and look pretty. They seem to use somewhat of a natural filtration system using plants in the shallows, which is kindof cool, and the water circulates really well which keeps the water from smelling stagnant and getting full of gunk. All in all, a nice place to visit and I'm glad to have it nearby!
5	I love this park always something fun going on.  I love the ponds and I like sit by the waterfalls and think.  My dogs love going there with me and they love to check out the ducks.  One of my favorite places in Gilbert
4	I like this park.  It's always well kept. Love that they added the 1/4 mile marker around the park.
4	I take my girls here to feed the ducks and roll down the hill. they love trying to catch fish with there bare hands. super fun!!
3	Great Soccer fields, A small swing area for Kids and lot of shaded area. Only negative is Bathrooms are dirty..
5	Massive park. It is has fields to play sports such as soccer and football. There are basketball courts as well. There is a huge pond which is nice. There is parking around 75% of the park, but it can be a mad house when flag football is being played.
4	Beautiful park! There are small ponds and plenty of walking paths. They even have well lit basketball and sand volleyball courts! Often packed on the weekends due to youth sports.Only cons are that the walking paths are super dark at night (wouldn't feel comfotable going alone) and I wish they had an area for dogs to go off the leash.
4	Huge park! Well-lit and well-used after dark.  Beautifully maintained.  A few large ramadas spaced out through the park. I love that walking paths weave throughout the park as well as circle the perimeter; you can go for a long walk and get a little bit of a change of scenery by switching paths.  My daughter has fun feeding the ducks in the large pond.  Minus one star just because the play area is small and doesn't have much to it.
5	I love to come to this park.  It has plenty of beautiful trees and water features with a walkway around the park area.  They even stock the pond with fish!  There are usually lots of ducks, and if you go during the warmer months you will see water turtles in the pond too.  Great park with an amazing view of the Mormon temple.  My family loves this place.
5	Love this park! Has just about everything you could need. Beautiful views, large fields, play structures, ponds with ducks to feed, basketball courts, and much more.
5	I love Discovery Park and it's one of my favorite parks.  Vincent, one of the groundskeeper that has been working there for years is awesome.  I always enjoy when I run into him and we sometimes have some nice chats.He keeps the place looking great, despite the high flow traffic of soccer, football and the many people that come to this park.  It is well maintained and a lot of ducks live here, which they also make a mess.  Vincent is good at keep the bird crap washed off, garbage cans emptied, picking up trash.I just wish that when people visit this park, they would pick up their own trash, whether it be empty bottled waters, candy snack wrappers or whatever, so Vince and the rest of the groundskeepers can attend to making the park look beautiful.Since they started stocking the ponds with larger fish, this is more inviting to those whom like to fish.  I love to walk and sometimes do my workouts here.  You can take the outer trail along the outskirts of the park, which also goes alongside the freeway and to Pecos & San Tan Village Road, which is a little over a mile, or there are many inner and smaller trails both paved and unpaved to walk, ride your bike, run.  I've done all of these many times.All the parks in Gilbert, which I go to all of them on a regular basis, are well maintained and clean, unless some of the parks in Mesa & Gilbert, which even if they are nice, are sometimes so filled with trash strewn everywhere.Thanks to Vincent and his crew for doing such a great job at maintaining Discovery and making enjoyable for our community to use on a day in and day out basis.  You rock!
