4	I had to venture out to a laundromat, as my down comforter needed washing and the machine at home was too small to handle the job.I picked green valley laundromat because it had a 5 star review. First of all, the place was spacious and very clean, and they have every size washer and dryer available. However, at least 50% of all dryers and large washers were marked "out of service"! The good news is that it was not busy, so there were plenty of working washers and dryers available.So why four stars???There was a full tine attendant working who was polite, helpful, and knowledgeable, and proceeded to see what I needed done and directed me to the right washer, gave operating instructions, and gave good advice on the proper drying and care of down comforters.  The service was exceptional, especially for a laundromat, and I was more than satisfied with how well the machines cleaned.If they replace the broken machines it would merit 5 stars, and if the attendant had not been so helpful it would merit 3.5.
3	I've ended up at this laundromat several times over the years I've lived in Henderson.  If this is the best laundromat around (which it pretty much is, judging by Yelp ratings), that's sad.  Over 50%  (WELL over 50%) of the dryers don't work.  This place is seriously falling apart.  So why the halfway-decent rating?  The staff really is great.  The attendant helped us to locate a working dryer and offered his assistance to get some of the heavier items into the dryer.  He tried to anticipate our complaints about non-working units and offset them by showing us which machines work the best.  He allowed us to use some of the house dryers that are usually reserved for drop-off orders because all the dryers were in use - it sure beat waiting for others to finish.In the end, I'd probably return simply because I know the service will be stellar.  While this place lacks functionality because so many things are broken, it still beats dealing with rude attendants.
4	Went here the other day to wash a couple of comforters. This was my first time so i had no idea what to do.  The guy behind the counter was very helpful in showing me what to do and what i need.  there were a lot of machines out of service, but there are also a lot machines available to use.
5	I've lived in Las Vegas 14 years ago today! And so far, have never had to go to a Laundromat which is something I really never liked to do. But I moved into a new place and the washer and dryer aren't ready to use yet and I was way short on clean clothes for work. I fully intended to go there and do all my own laundry but decided to do the "fluff and fold" option and leave it with them. The clerk told me they wouldn't be ready for a couple of days which was OK. But then I got a call last night (less than 10 hours after I dropped them off) that my stuff was ready to go.This isn't something I can afford to do every week but wow, what a treat. All my shirts and jeans came out on shirts and hangers which I didn't expect.  The clerk when I dropped the stuff off was very helpful and when I went back, he was still there along with another lady clerk, who was just as friendly and helpful. I don't know how to compare this place to other Laundromats in Vegas, but it was such a nice treat not to have to do this myself! Great service!
4	My experience was by far the most pleasant I have ever had at a laundromat.  I walked in and was scoping the place out - where the large capacity washers were, where the dryers were, etc.  Within about 15 seconds a very friendly man said "looks like you have questions", and I did.  He and his female co-worker were exceedingly friendly, very approachable, and helpful with pointing out exactly which machines best suited my needs.  These guys need a raise.  They even have little perks, like if you buy a roll of quarters from them and don't use them all, they'll trade them back in for dollar bills so you don't have to carry around the extra coinage if you don't want to.  How sweet!  The staff recognized and chatted with regulars, were very sweet to some teenage boy doing a couple of families worth of laundry, and were just all around warm.Yes, about half the dryers were out of commission, but that still left about 16 available for use, which was plenty for the semi-busy crowd this afternoon.  I found the variety of machines perfect, the quality of the machines exactly what I expected, and the staff made me actually look forward to returning.
5	I leave it for them to do.Great folks. Great service. Fair prices. Can't ask for more!
2	I was fooled by the reviews. This was my first time ever going to a laundromat, and from the reviews, this placed seems like they would help me figure it out. Well,  I took my comforter in to wash today and the lady working was overly rude when I asked her questions. And if I didn't catch it the first time, she started speaking to me in a slow, degrading manner. She also told me I needed the biggest, $6 washer, which was probably actually a little excessive, but oh well. Also, well over half of the machines are out of order. And the place isn't very clean for a laundry facility. Maybe I just didn't come when the right employees were working, but these other reviews had my expectations a lot higher than they should have been.
3	Clean place but majority machines are not working!!!!Clean place but lack of machines what gave the least star
2	First, just try finding a laundromat on Henderson...is there another one? Mostly clean overall, but the real issue is the absurd number of machines not working. I counted 14 dryers, and of those, 11 were out of service. There were post-it notes all over the place stating out of order. I have never seen anything like it. I bet by next week nothing will be left available. How do operate this way?
1	1/2 of the washers and dryers were broken down and not operating. Several people including myself were waiting  for one of the few operating machines. The managers were really nice and helpful, but I won;t be back.
4	I don't go to laundromats very often. Like once very few years. Usually when I run out of clean clothes on vacation. So I'm not an expert on them. The lady working there was nice. And the washer and dryers were fast but a ton of the dryers (more than half maybe) were out of order. It wasn't super busy when I went but I'm sure that it could be a problem when it is.
1	The only reason this place gets one star is because of the helpful staff.. my clothes literally caught on fire while in the drier... many of the driers were out of service so has me wondering how many other fires have been put out. I feel the fire department needs to make a visit. The staff was apologetic and took my burnt clothes for the owner to assess and call me. That was 2 weeks ago. I never heard from the owner...
1	there were only about 5 dryers that we're not broken available for use by customers, the rest of the working ones were for staff use only.  When I was in a line of people waiting to utilize the working dryers one of the staff ladies allowed a gentleman to cut ahead of all of us and use the staff dryers which I thought was kind of annoying.  After I was finally able to use a dryer it ate my quarters, the solution to this was the staff member beating the machine with a hammer.  Overall I think this place is terrible.
1	The worse place ever. 90% of the machines are not working. I get the fact that most people in this city have their own machines and the only reason why I came here was to wash my comforters. But never again.
1	I went to this place over a month ago and surprisingly this place is still in business even if the facility isn't maintained properly, more than half of its dryers and washers aren't working, place is unsanitary to say the least, employees aren't dressed professionally, most of the time change machine don't work.  I only went there because it was the only laundromat nearby that accepts coins for washing clothes and drying them.  I don't recommend this place to anyone period.
