5	So, after my yearly eye exam, it turns out I needed a new pair of glasses. So I headed down to Eyemasters since it was the closest place to my house. Now, due to my large cranium, this is no easy task. Usually an all day affair, things get messy, blah blah blah. But the staff here knew exactly what to do. By some extreme miracle (or a lot of experience) they knew exactly where all the big headed frames were at. Found a pair I liked, contacted my insurance to determine coverage, special ordered my lenses, in and out in under an hour.  Customer service here is A+ and I will be back if I ever need another pair.
1	When we arrived at the store, we told two different people that my husband's glasses were falling apart and he needed new glasses right away.  Then his glasses broke in half while he was trying on glasses there.  It wasn't until he was almost done with the eye exam that we were told that "there was no way that he would have new glasses today".  "But your ad right here says you offer 1 hour service!" I replied.  "It says in MOST cases", I was told in a snotty tone.  She says this before the eye exam is complete, so she doesn't even know yet what size lens he needs.  She wouldn't even check to see if the frames are in stock.  Completely lack of customer service.  Other salespeople are just standing there.  I go to the back to wait for my husband to get done.  I can't help but hear the receptionist on the phone to her friend, talking about her new job and how she can't wait to leave this place. Oh now, that's so professional...  My husband comes out with the eye doctor, I tell them what has happened.  Doc is not rude, just apathetic.  No apology for poor customer service.  He tells us because of the lens size needed, "there is no way we're going to get glass today, anywhere."   While my husband is finishing up his dilation, I start to google.  Found a nearby Lenscrafters, called them, they had the lens in stock.  We jet over there, one hour later, my husband has his glasses.  Better frames, decent service and a decent price.  I don't have the words to express my disgust with Eyemasters, Visionworks or whatever they want to call themselves.  There was no excuse.
3	Dr. is awesome and very helpful and longer haired gentlemen is very nice and helpful. The old lady with the redish hair is the most unfriendly person I have ever encountered. She should not be allowed to work anywhere that deals with other people. If you need anything that causes her to move or look away she seems extremely put off and inconvenienced. I will not be returning and will be sure to share my experience with anyone needing a business like this so they don't encounter this lazy old bat either.
5	I visited this location for about an hour on 2 different days - once for frame selection and once to see if they worked thru my insurance issues: both instances I received and witness exceptional customer service by Clara. She went above and beyond calling my insurance company a couple times to get things straight. They also have a HUGE selection of frames - many very reasonably priced. I will be back!
1	This place is now called Visionworks. I went here because they were the only ones that would accept my insurance. My eye examine went only okay. One guy asked me why I was even there because after examining me he thought that I had perfect vision. I told him I was having issues driving at night and my eyes always felt tired and strained. Then the doctor discovered a stigmatism and light sensitivity. So they were in complete different pages about my vision... I was in the office purchasing my glasses for 2 hours!!! & they wanted to charge me almost $700 for 2 pairs of glasses. (That I didn't even love.. They were only okay.) before insurance this would have been $1200. Since this was my first time buying I didn't realize how over priced this is. My RX is very week. Basically just something for me to stop the glare while driving at work & working on my computer all day. I asked around and everyone I spoke with said that I should cancel the order because of the price! So I did. I heard of a place in Scottsdale called Lesco. I was in there for 15 minutes. Found 2 pair that I LOVED & the service was 5 star. I spent only $109 (single vision frames are $30 w/ lenses.. My second pair they added anti glare for around $80... Total price coming to $109) I will never go anywhere else to purchase frames! And I would refer all of my friends to Lesco for their frames as well! Don't waste your time and money at Visionworks!!!
