1	Absolute Joke! There is no management  company here & the owner is inaccessible, have put up with plumbing, A/C, parking and numerous other problems since day one. Raw sewage floating down the sidewalk, tub & toilets won't drain. Gates are locked from the inside..isn't that against the fire code? Manager is well meaning but often unavailable and not given the tools to do his job. Pool is a wreck for weeks at a time and all common areas are filthy, rarely cleaned or maintained. Any work done is done without notice so it's common to have jackhammers, noxious fumes and the like start at any time of the day.DO NOT RENT HERE - stay away. I am moving out the minute my lease is up.I didn't list a phone number because on the website there is conveniently no contact number???
1	The internet is impossible to use. Management takes two weeks to respond to any email you send them. The gates lock you in and out, so delivery of anything poses a giant issue if you can't be there to get it. I'm pretty sure that's also a fire hazard. Parking is a giant nightmare and construction for the new parking structures next door will keep you up. Paid laundry, but only two washer and dryer so they are always full.
4	I've lived here since July, and really couldn't be happier. The location is ideal if you enjoy to Roosevelt Row area, and really all of downtown Phoenix is accessible either walking, biking, and you can catch the Light Rail a couple of blocks away to get to the airport, Tempe, etc. I also enjoy it because downtown is busy enough during the day, but quiet at night to where you almost forget you're living downtown. As for the apartments, the Internet is a bit of a pain pretty often, people sometimes forget to take their laundry out of the washers and dryers, and in the summer it was somewhat difficult to get my apartment to cool off living on the second floor. But besides that, I really can't complain. The apartments themselves are updated and really nice, I get people who visit always commenting on how cute the apartment is. It's also more than spacious enough for one person to live comfortably. As for the issues other reviewers mentioned, they changed the locks on the gates so now they're only locked from the outside, not the inside, which is actually ideal for safety because there are bums in the area. And I've never had any issues getting packages delivered. The parking on site is regulated now, we all have parking tags so random people can't park in our lot. The lot next door has been paved and opened. There's also plenty of street parking on 2nd Ave and McKinley. As for management, the onsite manager Evan is awesome and has always responded right away to any questions I've had through texting, etc., and the few times I have had to communicate with property management via email, they've always responded quickly as well. Oh, also I felt the need to mention that every tenant in this place is friendly and respectful of one another. Even when people have had guests over and had little parties, etc by the pool, it hasn't been a mess as long as I've lived here.This review is long, but I genuinely love this little place and think it deserved some recognition for what it is.
