5	What is it about a good hair day that can change you from a grumpy introvert to beaming beacon of confidence and sass? I can't explain it, but I don't need to. I'm sure we've all experienced it.You can walk into Primp and Blow in a two day old ponytail and walk out with a red-carpet ready, voluminous mane. I know- It happened to me! When you first enter this dry bar, you are transported into a land of style and luxury. The decor is impeccable, and the retail is top notch. After my check in, I was introduced to my stylist Roman for a quick consult. I told him I like big volume, soft waves and I hate pomade- I have to be able to run my fingers through it! He said no problem at all, and took me back to the shampoo area.That's where things got real.I then had the best shampoo/scalp massage I have ever experienced, and I'm not even exaggerating. It was nothing short of heavenly. It must have lasted at least 10 minutes, and I'm pretty sure I dozed off.Afterwards, he showed me some products he was going to use. He didn't go overboard at my request. They use Bumble and Bumble which is really top of the line stuff. He styled my hair to perfection and I was super happy with the result. He listened to what I wanted and totally delivered. Not to mention being super fun to talk to. One of the girls in the chair next to me had enviable cascades of beautiful blonde hair that looked breathtaking when she left. Roman was great, and it looks like the other stylists are awesome too. I loved my hair- even the next day. I can't wait to go back!
1	I made an appointment for a blow dry online for 10 am. I received a text and an email confirmation. On arriving at 10 am I was told my appointment was for 10.35 am and I would have to wait, in a unapologetic fashion. I went to the awesome trader joes around the corner and arrived at 10.33 am, to see that they already had taken 2 clients.... My hair was started at 10.55 am or so. The blowdry was mediocre. To the owners credit, she did offer me a buy one, get one free deal which I declined, but has not replied to my email. I would have preferred a sincere apology. Go to the DryBar on 32nd! Amazing customer service and better Blowouts.
3	I am a huge, huge fan of blow dry bars and with DryBar being added to central Phx, I was glad to see Primp and Blow join the fray.  This place is located in the shopping center by the new Nordstrom Rack. It is decorated bright, modern, and comfortable. I have come to this location twice with very inconsistent results. Both times, the girls didn't realize I had added a deep-conditioning treatment to my blow dry reservation (when reserving online). I don't know if this oversight lies with the front desk or what but it is annoying to have to tell the girls doing my hair when they are done washing it. I always choose the straight style (since I have curly hair). The first time I came, my hair was straight but it looked really fried when we were done. I was really puzzled because usually my hair looks amazing when I leave those places. This last time, I chose the same service and my hair looked really great. I was very pleased. You can also enjoy a glass of wine, mimosa, or water while having your hair done. Overall, I would try it again but gave 3 stars because of the first poor experience and second really good experience.
1	I have a horrible experience.  The stylist was untrained and only knew how to dry and curl using a round brush and blow dryer.   She worked on my hair for an hour and it was not even styled when I had to leave. I was told the manager was not in until the next day and the owner that was there walked in and out during my hour of torture.  I have been impressed with the Primp and Blow on the waterfront.  But will never go back unless I personally observe a stylist prior to sitting in the chair.  Train/test the staff before you let them on the floor.
4	It's very difficult for anyone to straighten my curly, thick hair but Katie at Primp and Blow did an awesome job.  I simply went in b/c I had purchased a groupon and thought "why not?".  I have now gone back several times to see her and have even gone before big events (before I would not have trusted anyone to prep my hair for an important event). The entire staff is friendly and professional and it's definitely worth checking out.
3	I'm giving this business a 3 stars because even though I felt like the talented stylist made me look like a million dollars, I felt treated like we werent treated as proper guests. Although some clients were offered cocktails, I had to ask for even a water...and after waiting 40 minutes, had to ask again. And when the stylist was finished, she didn't even say good bye she just took off in the back. I didn't even get to thank her. Customer service wasn't very good, but the finished product was great.
4	We're short of five stars for two reasons: 1) I made my appointment WEEKS AGO only to walk into a gaggle of bridal party members who usurped my stylist and forced me into overtime, and 2) no purse hooks in the bathroom. However, the shampoos here are divine and Jenna is the master of curls. I used to laugh at the concept of "blow dry bars" but then I realized that my hair always looks the best when I've had my stylist have a go at it after a color and cut. Then I'm always pissed off when I can't achieve the same result at home. I've probably thought to myself a million times that if I could afford to have a daily personal shampoo/styler I would. Primp and Blow is my temporary answer while I await independent wealth, fame, and fortune to rain down on me, and it isn't horribly overpriced, if you know when and what to ask for. At regular price, a wash/dry/curl will run you $45, not including gratuity. BUT the happy hour wash/dry price is $20, the curl can be added for $10 more, and if you don't want a wash, you can have dry-styling for only $25. A makeup/hair package is $60, but can be adjusted if you're just looking for just eye makeup and a dry style, addition of lashes or up-do, or any combination thereof. I had my makeup done by Jenna at my last appointment. My eye makeup was incredible, but personal preference - I thought the foundation was WAY too thick and cakey. In the future I'd probably just have my eyes done for $15, and maybe even a false eyelash application for another $15, and avoid the foundation. Regardless, I definitely have a new guilty pleasure when it comes to hair!
5	I have had the BEST experience with lash extensions at Primp and Blow Phoenix.  If you are someone who values the health of your real lashes and wants a meticulous service performed, Kai is your girl.  I have been going to her for several months now, and love that she takes her time and gives me the most luscious lashes.  I am addicted to this service!  It is so hard to find a business and professional to provide exceptional lash service - I am so happy my hunt is over.  Thanks Primp and Blow, and thanks Kai!
5	I got a groupon for this place and bought one as a gift to my mom for Mother's Day. We both got heavenly facials! It was my first facial and I was so relaxed I kept dozing off. All of the products that were used smelled great and felt awesome on my skin. I would love to go back.
5	I absolutely love going to this Primp and Blow location! The receptionists always acknowledge you right away and ask you if they can grab you a drink ! I have been coming here since they opened and there is not a bad thing I could say. Kai is the makeup technician who I always see. If you are interested in eyelash extensions, this is the place to go! Kai really knows what she is doing and has a passion for it too! She can answer all your questions and will make sure you leave looking fabulous!
5	Kai did a fabulous job on my eyelash extensions!  The salon is cute, clean and comfortable.  I will definitely visit her again when I'm in Phoenix.
5	Tried this place for the first time last week for a blowout because I had a Groupon. As a hairstylist with ten years of experience, I am super picky when it comes to my hair. (Why, you ask, would I pay to get my hair styled when I can just do it myself? Because I'm lazy, that's why!) So I scheduled the appointment kind of last minute and Katie B. did my hair. First of all can I just say, Katie is an absolute doll! She's fun to talk to and very sweet. More importantly though, she gave me one of the best blowouts I have ever had, hands down! It was exactly what I wanted: some volume in the crown with loose beachy waves but not frizzy (think Jennifer Aniston). She nailed it and the best part was that it lasted for 3 days! I will definitely be making this a regular thing- thank you Katie! :)
5	Starting coming here last week for the first time and had an appt with Delia. She was amazing. My hair was smooth and full after my blow put and it lasted for 3 days! Totally recommend the package where you buy monthly blow outs.
5	They are always running in time.  Good products used and lots if convenient available times!
5	I ;have been a member for several years and cant say enough positive about my experiences!  Began at the Scottsdale location and due to convenience now go to the Phoenix location. I am extremely fussy and have had horrible experiences finding stylist that could smooth my thick, curly, unruly hair UNTIL I FOUND PRIMP AND BLOW!!  I GO WEEKLY AND SOMETIMES MORE OFTEN!  Bailey, Jenna, Vannessa, Deliah, Kevin....all do a great job!  Trust that any stylist has been well trained and you will leave feeling BEAUTIFUL!! Would have given more than five stars if I could have!!  Going to today and treating my Mom!!
5	Primp and dry on camelback had consistently great service.  I highly recommend this location
5	Amazing experience!! This was my first time to try a dry bar and I was nervous. It ended up being a great experience. Tarran was great! My hair has never looked so good!
5	I am so incredibly pleased with my service. I'm biracial (black & white) and have a LOT of hair. Often, when I walk into a salon, there is palpable apprehension about tackling my mane, but Delia didn't bat an eye. On top of the fact that she didn't make me & my curls feel like a lost cause, she seriously delivered. My hair has never looked so good after a blowout. I received a barrage of compliments and with the help of a little dry shampoo & some flat iron touch-ups at home, the style lasted 5 days!I'll definitely be back the next time I need to blow it out to glam it up.
5	I went to Primp and Blow Biltmore yesterday for an eyelash fill.  It was my first time at this location.  Making the appt was super easy and they were extremely friendly.  Kai did my lashes and she did an amazing job!  She started my appt on time, and got me in and out of there in record time.  Lashes look great and I will definitely be going here for my fills from now on!
5	I had The Dreamcatcher extensions put in my  hair by Stephanie, today..She did an amazing job. I have had other hair extensions before, and these are so lightweight and blend amazingly well.  Stephanie is great at what she does, and you can tell she is passionate about her job.  I'm looking forward to trying new things with my new length.  I highly reccomend Primp and Blow..Thanks, Stephanie!
5	I purchased a Groupon and was very pleased with this experience!  The manager gives a VERY aggressive scalp massage and Delia styled my hair beautifully.  The BEST part...my hair was light, bouncy, silky and stayed pretty for 3 days!!!!
1	The Worst!!!!! So unprofessional. Made 3 appointments for blow dries, got there they screwed up did not have our appointments. Never apologized or offered us anything accept to go to their other salon. Had no transportation or time to go. Would NEVER go back, everyone including manager was nothing short of rude and unaccommodating. Please stay away from this place, was there a few days before and staff is slow and always late. Do yourself a big favor and go to blow dry bar!!!!!
5	This place is really great! I went here to get my hair and makeup done for my college graduation. Not only did my hair look amazing with the cap on, but my makeup stayed perfect from 11:00 am to 11:00 pm!! I never once had to re-apply lipstick. Everyone kept telling me how beautiful I looked and I give Primp and Blow all the credit! Thank you so much for making me look beautiful on my special day. I'll definitely return to try out the "blow out" for a more glamorous hair day ;)
4	I have been to Primp and Blow for three separate occasions, and I would recommend this place!  I first tried P&B for a normal blowout and was so pleased with the results.  They made my hair voluminous, shiny with a little bit of body that was perfect for my engagement photos.My friend got married soon after that and she booked through P&B (at Waterfront).  All of her bridesmaids got their hair and makeup done there.  I enjoyed the experience, but I think that as a bridesmaid it's kind of a bummer because you don't do a trial beforehand and it's kind of hit or miss with the stylists whether they can actually execute the style in the photo that you bring them.  And finally, I booked my own hair and makeup and my wedding party's hair at P&B Town and Country.  My stylist was Tierra, and she was awesome!  I definitely recommend her capable hands.  I did my hair and makeup trial with her and she was very adamant that I be vocal about what I did and did not like -- it wouldn't hurt her feelings.  Although the trial was still pricey ($100 -- they say on the website that it is half off on tuesdays and thursdays but that's not true -- at least during the "season" that I did mine) I did think it was worth it so that my stylist practiced working with my hair and knowing what I wanted.  My actual hair and makeup the day of was phenomenal as a result.  However, some of my bridesmaids weren't in love with their hair the day of -- mostly because I think a trial would have been helpful for them as well.  I will say that the process of booking your wedding party, which goes through their central coordinator Lauren, was relatively easy and painless.  For both weddings that I was a part of I was happy that they were able to book all of the girls pretty much at the same time, which meant that they brought in a stylist for each of us so that the whole process went a lot faster.  On my wedding day though there were some mixups administratively -- apparently some of my girls' stylists were not notified of how early the appointments were and a few of them were late.  Thankfully we had enough buffer that it wasn't a problem but I could foresee it being a disaster.  They do seem to have some problems with reception showing up on time and in general being competent -- I waited for twenty minutes for her to figure out how to add up my bill with the tip on it since I was paying for everyone.  However, I do think that the price point is very reasonable compared to other salons around the valley.  And the salon is super cute (in Tiffany blue) and a great place to hang out with your girls before your big day.  Since they are a local company (as oppose to drybar, which is national) I am happy to support them but I do hope they get a lot of kinks worked out of their system!
5	I am so happy I found this place. When I moved from Tucson to Phoenix I was on the hunt for the best eyelash technician. I kept driving back to Tucson to get my lashes filled. I tried many places in Phoenix, but with no satisfactory results.  After seeing Kia I will never go anywhere else. The staff was welcoming and the place is beautiful and clean. Kia is really good at what she does and I will be recommending her to all my friends. There prices are reasonable as well! So happy I stumbled upon Primp and Blow!
5	The facials with Linda are the best! I've been seeing her for a few years and my skin's never looked better. She's a perfectionist and I love that about her! Linda knows a ton about skincare, products, and treatments and I trust her recommendations for my skin. I ask her to give me "a glow" and she always delivers! She also does a great job with my eye lash tint.
5	Went here for a blowout today for the first time and couldn't be happier. The service and the quality of the job was beautiful. I have no idea how i was out in less than 40 minutes...as promised. I will definitely be back. Thank you Primp and Blow!
5	Recently I went to Primp and Blow to have my hair and make up done for engagement photos.  I had great customer service by all staff.  Stephanie was my stylist and she did a fabulous job, and listened to what I wanted.  My engagement pictures went smoothly and I felt great about the way I looked.
2	Not impressed. My stylist did an OK job in drying and styling my hair, but having to listen to her belt out Mariah Carey for the first half of my appointment and then listen to her and another stylist rap obscenities along to a radio station that I'm almost positive is not on the approved playlist, I will go elsewhere.I'm here to relax, not listen to you audition for American Idol.
