5	My daughter has taken lesson here for 2 years.  Miss Nancy is wonderful and caring, and the staff truly dedicates themselves to the children.  My daughter has some range of motion issues, and both the instructors she has worked with have taken their time with her to make sure that she advances along with the rest of the class.
1	I will not be enrolling my children into this studio again because of our expierence with the end of the year recital. These recital's are expensive but very important for the children to show what they learned and be in the spotlight.  The actual recital was unorganized and 3-4 hours long (and your child is on stage for 1.5 minutes).  Lastly the rehersal lasted 4 hours and the children only practiced once for about 15 minutes.  It was alot of sitting around with complete disregard for the children and their family's time. The icing on the cake was that my daughter had to leave early from the rehersal (as did others and some did not even show up for practice) however my daughter was pulled out of the grand finale while others did not.  Pretty upsetting to pay the studio all that money, show up for every class, and rehersall and your daughter is crying because they held her back from going on stage for the finale when the girl next to her left hours early to see Justin Beiber and she was allowed to do the finale.  I guess dinner with my out of town family is not a good excuse however the Beiber is.... I understand enforcing rules but my child (and I) cannot understand why it was not equally enforced.
1	Please read how they responded to my concerns about some issues with my child in the dance combo class on facebook. They do not value their customers and would rather delete you from their system than try to help the customer feel better and try to keep their customers.So the following was communicated via facebook between myself and the dance studio: Ginna Ray Review on Class Act Dance 1 star "Daughter sat a majority of the time. When they are busy there is no where to sit. They could care less if the customer is dissatisfied and would rather try to prove their point. I also felt as if the teachers with the little ones were miserable and never smiled at the kids or even looked happy being there."Class Act Dance and Gymnastics- Hello Ginna Ray, we are sorry you are so displeased with our studio. We originally had a morning class for your daughter, but unfortunately no one else enrolled in it. We can not afford to have a class for one student. As for us being "Understaffed". There are currently 10 kids enrolled in her class, and there are two teachers in the dance room and in the gym. That is 5 kids per teacher. Good luck finding a studio that has less than that. You have changed Millicent's class time so much that our staff doesn't even know when her scheduled class time is. Most of the time you just bring her in for make up classes without even informing us. It says in the wavier that you signed at the beginning of the season that all make ups must be scheduled with the front desk. It is hard to staff accordingly when you don't call ahead. We don't like turning away kids that come for make ups because they are so excited to take class. We ARE having a Christmas Show on December 20th, and the Saturday morning class is participating in it. We haven't seen her at her regular class, so she hasn't had a chance to even get it yet. We did give out holiday notes with all of the events we have for the holiday's (including the parade). It is a shame you will be taking her out in December. Now she is not going to participate in the Christmas show, or the parade. When you first asked if we were having a Christmas show, we weren't sure, because a lot of planning goes into the shows, and we can't guarantee that we will even have a place to perform until November. I will remove Millie from the system, and her spot will be filled in December.Happy holidays.Ginna Ray- Just so you know I own a moms group that has over 500 local moms and before the last month was sending many of those moms to your studio. My last time attending it seemed to have gotten better (like it was the first few classes we attended) and was going to keep having her attend and amend my review. So if you want to keep us as a customer we will continue with the sat morning class, but if you wish to delete us instead of trying to fix this customer issue and retain your customers, please inform us so we know not to come in on Sat. I did call the first few times I needed to reschedule but then when I left messages I never received a call back stating it would be okay to reschedule so I stopped calling when needing to reschedule cuz I thought that it was okay. Because when I signed up I forgot we had signed up for soccer on Sat morning which made it really difficult for us to stay as my kids bedtime is around 7 which is when all your other classes ended, which made it very difficult on us trying to get her in during the week, now that her soccer is over we were going to be regular on Sat mornings which we have been. Your front desk gal was aware of our hard times with scheduling and she assured me that they would work with the hectic schedule during soccer. I also asked the gal if the studio did Christmas recitals and she was the one that informed me that they only did one in June. So I am glad that there is a Christmas show and Millie is excited to go so I hope that you consider her feelings when and if you decide to remove us for December classes. So please let me know as soon as possible. Thank you. I apologize for my review sounding harsh, I suppose I got frustrated because my husband was explaining how much Millie is just sitting and not being active, but that should've been talked about in person instead of on here. I usually send my husband to take her as I watch my youngest who is very difficult in entertaining for an hour while Millie does her class.Ginna Ray- Actually just talked it over with my husband and we both agreed that your response to this issue doesn't sit well with us. Hopefully you can learn from this experience on how to help dissatisfied customers and retain business.
