5	This may actually be the best pizza I've ever eaten.  Hand tossed wins my vote.  Superbly fresh toppings and nice staff behind the counter (they'll even add toppings to your slice).  $5 for a slice and a can o' whatever you want, great price.  My mouth is watering, I think I'll go get a slice.
5	Great Staff.Fresh Ingredients.Quite possibly the best pizza I have ever had. (I've eaten pizza all over!)The sauce is sweeter then I normally like, but it is still so good, with lot's of fresh basil.Oddly, they even have pretty good espresso.
3	Good pizza by the slice with extra toppings available on cheese. I was a little disturbed by the handling of fresh basil after handling money, but other than that had a good experience. Cheap and tasty.
4	I think their pizza is awesome, the veggie and pepperoni rolls, just as awesome.  It's well priced, the staff is interesting and nice.  THere are places to sit.  And it doesn't feel like such a rip off (opposed to a certain other pizza joint on the south side).  I've never been disappointed with their food, always delicious.  I recommend grabbing a slice before or after a night or drinking at the bars.  They handle the over abundance of drunks there rather well, and for that, I applaud them!
4	I was pleasantly surprised at how much I enjoyed the pizza here. Pizza by the (huge) slice runs about $3-4.  I had the pepperoni,  prosciutto, and tomato combo. The crust was crisp except for the end which was a bit bready and not very brown but still good (I like the crust).  I also liked how they use fresh mozzarella which made for a different (less greasy) cheese texture than what you would normally find at other places. There were plenty of vegetarian options as well as a non-cheese option available. Overall, a nice place that I know I'll visiting again.
4	Amazingly tasty pizza. Fresh taste from crust, sauce, and cheese.  The crust is perect in my book.  The toppings are interesting and a refresing change from tired Pittsburgh pizza toppings. Veggies were extra fresh.  Sausage and Pepperoni were tasty without taking over the flavor of the pizza.  Truthfully, I expected the prices to be way higher than what I paid.  The food is a bargain.  I would gladly pay more for all the fresh, home-made goodness, but I am overly pleased that they are reasonably priced.  Do try this pizza.  You won't be disappointed.
4	Very good huge pizza- on the pricey side but very good crust and full chunky sauce and fresh toppings.  I tried the veggie roll today and give it a big thumbs up and the dipping sauce is very good.  Also have very good salad.  We brought in lunch today and our crew all enjoyed.  They deliver if you order enough.
4	Blue Grotto does pizza right! This is a predominately by the slice pizza joint, however, they do offer full pies which at $16 for a 20'' pizza its an absolute steal. I'm not sure what aspect of the pizza I like the most; the super fresh, tangy sauce, the thin, crispy yet chewy crust, or the fresh mozzarella used to top the pizza. My only beef with Blue Grotto is that they are a cash only joint. Yes, they have a MAC machine inside but who really wants to pay an extra $3 to use their own money. That being said, with some forethought and a trip to your banks ATM, Blue Grotto is stop you need to make when on the South Side. Additional note: When ordering a slice of the neapolitan, ask them to cook it a little longer so the cheese gets nice and browned. Trust me, the extra 30 second wait will be well worth it.
5	This pizza is soooooooooooooooooo great!!!!  I don't like a thick crusted pizza.  I don't like cheap tasting cheese.  I sure hope that makes some sense?  Cheap cheese to me tastes like oily nothing.  This cheese is soooooooooooooooooo good!  It taste very ummmm "authentic".  The sauce.  I don't like a very tomato sauce but I don't like a very sweet sauce either.  This sauce is the perfect balance.  The salad....ohhhhh man even it was perfect!  The ONLY thing negative is.................... they dont deliver.  Hmmmm...well I guess thats how it works here in Pittsburgh.  The places with pizza that are awesome just dont deliver.  Why?  Probably because the pizza is so dang good......I will find a way to the SouthSide to pick this up.  Actually I think I am going to jump off here and call a cab and get down there!!!!!!   :)
5	I went in for an oven baked sammy. I came out with a new favorite slice place on top of an ovenbaked sammy place. The crust...there are several doughs, the sign of a dedicated establishment, & the best? Sauce that tastes of the bright, vine-ripened tomatoes your grandma handed you in a jar every fall- not sugar, garlic salt, or paste...effin tomatoes. Pizza sola is good, but this place just trumped it and took the pt, and I love a good win. Fresh, bright,and authentic italian food. Thank you, grotto, sorry it took me so long to find you.
5	Every week that I went to Blue Grotto was another week I told myself I would wait until next time to write this review. Without getting too sappy and before I make any attempts at saying something not-too-profound-but-I-wish-it-were, I'd like to note my favorite memories of Blue Grotto that really set it apart from some of the other pizza-sammich-soup-salad joints in Pittsburgh. Here is a list, in an arbitrary alphabetical order, of everything I'm going to miss about Blue Grotto Pizza:1. This one time, I stumbled in to Blue Grotto Pizza and told them how much I liked their sandwich rolls. Peering out from the forest of a gray beard was a voice that gave me a simple bread recipe. It isn't the recipe that I took to heart, or even the friendly reminder that "the ladies you bring home are gonna love the french toast you make with that tomorrow morning;" rather, it was the fact that they had just "ruined" an entire batch of the rolls by slightly crisping the tops of them and decided to give me a giant brown paper bag filled with about half a dozen rolls.I'll miss my sober mornings, my irritated afternoons, and my (more than) slightly boozed late nights spent rummaging through my wallet to buy a slice.I know, I know, there's only one point on my list. And I know, I could mention the Coca Cola bottles they sold (no high fructose corn syrup); the daily homemade soups, salads, and sandwiches; the filling, fresh, delicious slices of pizza...but I won't. Instead, I'll keep my list simple, and just mention the generous, caring, neighborly heart of the people that ran Blue Grotto Pizza--whether it was after-work-thirty or late-night drunk-o-clock, this place had some of the best staff I have ever met.
1	RIP Blue Grotto-- perhaps the unseasoned canned tomato sauce with a sprig of basil wasn't quite what pizza lovers were looking for.
