5	I love this park! One of the best parks for kids to play at
5	Tumbleweed Park's Playtopia is the bestest playground in all of Phoenix.  Although it may be a little out of the way in Chandler, your children will thank you for making the drive.  Tumbleweed park is already a rather large green space with a recreational center that boasts a pool, some sports fields, and smack dab in the middle is Playtopia.  A playground so big, that it has been partitioned into three themes areas: (1) Farm Land, (2) City Land, (3) and Critter Land.  Farm Land is the biggest, and offers your typical brightly colored, metal and plastic play structure geared to the five and older crowd.  The best part, Farmland has a giant sun shade.  City Land has streets for bikes and scooters, smaller play structures for younger tykes, and single rider vehicles that use a spring for locomotion.  In Critter Land, you'll find a massive Gila Monster, a giant shell worth exploring, an archaeological dig, some climbing rocks, and the sand box.  So, don't forget those rarely used shovels and buckets.  There are also swing sets around Playtopia and pavilions of various sizes open for rent.  The bathroom is nearby and there are several parking lots around the park.  When you can see the giant sun shade near a parking lot, find a space.
2	The park is nice and big! The play area is awesome! However, the bathrooms are infested with hundreds of Mosquitos. My son is 6 months old and it's absolutely unacceptable. Can't help but wonder if West Nile is lurking. The bathrooms should be kid friendly at a park.
5	Very cool park with a ton of different things for kids of all ages. The covered play area filled with jungle gyms and slides blew me away.
5	This park is expansive! The different play areas were so fun. My son loved the farm area and we found several spots perfect for his age of 2.  Their were jungle gyms, slides, swings, plenty of shade... the only thing I didn't check out were the bathrooms.   The ramadas were clean and so was the play area. We'll definitely be back!
