2	When I think of Italian, I have to admit that I really don't think "Olive Garden".  But our son wanted to go to a movie to meet some friends, and around the Northlake mall, there isn't a huge selection (there is a large selection, but most are chains) so we decided to try the new location and see how it was.  The building is awesome.  It's like a Tuscan villa.  The food is pretty standard fare.You probably won't be disappointed, and the bill won't be too bad, but it's not going to knock your socks off either.  It left us just feeling so-so.  The baked cheese appetizer was the bet thing we had, and that left quite a bit of time for realizing just how average the rest of the meal was.  Even the desserts weren't that great.  Better to have something good than nothing, but they should finish well instead of starting well, so you're not sitting there thinking about how good the first thing was.
5	Great Food, Good Prices.Took my parents there for a nice dinner and Olive Garden didn't disappoint. We beat the crowd there so we didn't have to wait. All of our food came out hot, our drinks were refilled without waiting and the service was friendly.Have eaten there four times before and I have never had a problem with this location.Highly recommended!
5	Took my son and daughter here for lunch today. Our server was great and the food came very fast. My meatballs could have used some basil but the Tuscan soup was great. The dinner bread, salad, and pasta were all fine. Overall the bill was $35 and I added 25% for the server.
3	I know. It's a chain restaurant. But after a busy day of business meetings, our party of four wanted something filling but fast (and moderately priced)  since we all had to either return to the airport or go to the next meeting. The service was very southern--meaning welcoming, friendly and pleasant. My Minestrone Soup was filling and the Venetian Apricot Chicken was tasty without leaving that all-too--greasy feeling of a burger & fries before a heading on a four hour flight.
4	I always stuff my face, and I always love it. Fabulous food, great service.
1	My wife and I went there yesterday for lunch;  I will not be going back.  Service was horrible.  Lunches came out in different order. (unlimited soup,salad and breadsticks and half panini with soup)  Not an overly complicated order, or so we thought.  We didn't get our breadsticks til the meal was practically done and we only got one refill on our drinks.  The manager picked up our bill which was just as good as I wouldn't have paid for it anyway.
4	Chicken marsala..Mmmmm good
3	Before our most recent visit this week, we had not been to Olive Garden in quite some time.Surprisingly, my husband gave me an Olive Garden gift card for Christmas this year. My daughter and I happened to be in the neighborhood that day so we decided to drop in for lunch.Our server (Dreama) was excellent. If my review was based only on her service, I would give this review fours stars.The woman who greeted us at the front wasn't unpleasant but she greeted us as if she wasn't sure why we were there. Which I found odd, to say the least.We were seated immediately. In no time, our server appeared to take our drink and appetizer order. My daughter wanted to try the fried calamari so we did. Along with the salad and bread sticks, it really could have been a meal by itself.For our main course, my daughter ordered the "make your own" pizza and I made a special order of grilled chicken and pasta with no sauce and a side of the Olive Garden's tasty salad dressing.A different server brought our food. My daughter's pizza was perfect. Although my plate was very hot, my pasta was cold. When Dreama came back, I told her about my pasta and she immediately whisked my plate away and had a replacement out to me very soon. Dreama was a great server. Her banter was witty, she checked on us at the perfect intervals, and our drinks were refilled just when they needed to be.We had enough to eat and enough leftovers to take home.Although I love Italian food and we used to dine at the Olive Garden a few times a month, I can no longer eat alfredo sauce and I have to limit my tomato intake.Sadly, this removes Olive Garden from our list of favorite restaurants. But for every now and again, this location is our preferred Olive Garden and Dreama is definitely our preferred server.
1	I totally agree with Chad. Almost all the so-called authentic restaurants are Americanized to cater most people's taste bugs here.  I went to Italy & saw their Italian cooking. I tried to go there last night (Satursday evening) as invited by my neighbor who has never been there. I told him its nice to go at least once to experience instead of just listening. Beside, their food is not bad though commercial. What do we expect when they are so busy.  On the way, I asked if he's reserved. He said no. So I called. The lady said, " we don't reserve except a party of eight. We only do first come, first serve." " thanks!"We arrived at around 6:00 pm, there were always tons of waiters (I mean waiting customers) both waiting inside & outside the restaurants, even it was around OMG 30 degrees.  I walked up to ask how long I've to wait. She said, at least 50 minutes for party of two.  I turned around to ask my friend, even it is a Food Bank, I couldn't wait as we were starving.  I saw there are many restaurants around, perhaps we could find somewhere.So they lose our business.Want to respond to some of the reviews.  It looks like this place was acceptable years ago.  Recently, none good comments.  They're still packed by their marketing skill, no reservation, just wait.... Besides, not everyone will research over the yelp to see reviews like shopping for a merchandise.
2	I've been going to Garden for years. I've narrowed their menu down to the only dishes actually made in-store. Their pasta fagioli and salad, which are very good. The rest is pretty-much crap. They don't even make their meat balls in store. I only go there because my wife doesn't m ind eating frozen food.
2	Food was decent, not outstanding. I don't like being served our entree when we are still eating our appetizer. Our server was pleasant and attentive. However, I nearly walked out as the odor in the front lobby as I entered was not good !  The odor permeated the front entrance and continued into the ladies room. Or maybe it originated there..?  The tile flooring had obviousely been washed in the ladies room and front lobby as there were still tell tale signs of water on the floor in places.  My best guess is they used old nasty water/mops to wash the tile without any sanitzer.. If the odor had permeated the dining area I would have left the restaurant.  But I won't be going back there anytime soon.
4	Definitely one of those places you can't live without. I'm a huge fan of Italian food and this place is just an overall great "chain" business.  For the quality and proportion of food, you can't beat the modest prices, gift cards offered, and great deals. Sure, I have moments where I might crave a Carrabas or Macaroni Grill but I feel that my money could be better spent supporting a local Italian joint with authentic food if I'm going that route.I feel that Olive Garden is well balanced between quality and cost, but again, there is always that chain business component as well. Let me throw an analogy your way. Olive Garden is like Tex-Mex for Italian food, or better yet, like the Jersey Shore cast to Italians. Overall, I myself take advantage of those great deals and free gift cards. When I do, I always enjoy my meal. Especially at this location. Great food, great atmosphere, great service, & a great staff.
3	So i took a party of 10 here and i was impressed. the waiter that we had was named Dameion and he did the best job that he could for waiting on us and other tables. the cook took forever on our food tho. they kept coming with bread and then after about 30 min salad for a moment i thought i was at the last supper with all the bread and wine, but once our food came out it was on point .. will most def be going back
4	Had take out last night. Watching Miami lose their 28th straight while eating it. I have to say that they are getting more and more expensive. It's just pasta people! Now it is good, but cost is going crazy. Last time I ate there and paid, sauce for the bread sticks cost $1.99 ( for like 1oz of sauce) Now its $3.19....Really? I guess I'm a penny pincher. I get the chicken and shrimp carbanari(abc?) and its darn good. Price is $16.99. OK I get that its 2013. But can I get some $.05 m &  m's like its 1944?So....4 stars it is...
1	I LOVE Olive Garden.  It is my favorite restaurant and my friend and I look forward to our trips.  This Olive Garden at Northlake has given the Olive Garden franchise a bad name.  We were a party of two and decided to set at the bar and eat.  We always enjoy our Peach Bellinis and they were excellent but considering that was the ONLY drink we received the entire time we were there, it left me somewhat parched.  The salad portion was exceptionally small and our entree arrived BEFORE our Appetizers.  We were more than half way through our meal when the calamari and Artichoke Dip came out cold... not even heat light warm.  Course considering we hadn't seen our waiter/bartender in over 10 minutes and he did not deliver our meals or our appetizers we could not complain.  Still with only one drink while setting at the BAR....  When he did come back, he took our plates from in front of us, not making eye contact and scurrying away rather quickly.  We waited another 20 minutes for him to make another appearance to get a box and our "Take Home" dinner.  The service was the reason for the 1 star and I will always love Olive Garden but they are not all the same.  I will drive farther to Concord Mills, Hickory or even Winston before I will return to this Olive Garden at Northlake.  It must be hard to get service if you cant even be attended to at the bar.  Worst Olive Garden experience ever.  Total bummer......
1	As an update I would like to say that the Olive Garden organization is still #1 (5 stars all the way) in my book.  After I sent them my complaint about the service, they made good by sending me a gift certificate.  Although I will NEVER go to THIS particular Olive Garden again, I will gladly spend my money at other Olive Gardens in the area.  If only there was one in Mooresville or Statesville!!!
4	Good food. Good service. Close to hotel.
2	I hate to only give this Olive Garden 2 stars because my husband and I have eaten at this location twice now and had very sweet waitresses both times but the food continues to disappoint us. I want to like this Olive Garden because we've received quite a few gift cards to the chain, but the food was bland and below average and the "endless" salad looked and tasted like it was old and slightly browning. With so many other great options at this price point in the Charlotte area, we will not bother coming back for round three.
4	Met my friend for her birthday lunch.  I arrived before she and requested a table that would accommodate her wheelchair.  Busy as they were at the time, my request was granted quickly.  Our server seemed to have a lot on her mind.  Very serious and almost stern.  My friend ordered her favorite appetizer.  I got the salad and minestrone soup.  Both were as good as I remembered.  Our server offered Parmesan on the salad, but never offered any on the soup when it arrived.  My friend and I lingered at the table, and our server graciously informed us that she was going on break, but to stay as long as we liked.  She indicated that another server could assist us.  Nice, thoughtful touch.
5	Me and my friend Patrick had a pretty good meal here. We started with the Calamari and they had this new new sauce along with marinara, and Patrick loved it. He was dipping his bread in it. We both ordered the all you can eat pasta and they let us take as many as we wanted home. The server was really good at this location. I am glad we got to enjoy a nice lunch and pack away some for the next day.
1	We had quit going to Olive Gardens as their food quality and portions have diminished continuously over the past 10 years. We thought to try them with their new ad on having a meal and getting a 2nd meal to take home for free. Let me tell you, the food quality is dismal and only 5 limited choices and portions not enough. Even with a free 2nd plate offer, still not satisfied. Our waiter Kyle however made up for it by offering an absolutely great and pleasant service. I left him a 25% tip. No more Olive Garden for us.
2	This review is just about the people I interacted with in the to go area everyonw was very nice and friendly except for one guy who made it seem like he was trying to make me feel like an idiot when I corrected him for something that was screwed up on my order (I wasnt being bitchy or anything).  You might hate your job but at least pretend in front of customers dude. Not my most enjoyable visit to this one.
1	I was given a gift card and decided to take the family to lunch. This was a disappointing experience. The waiter never told us about the daily specials. He wasn't  very knowledgable about the menu and he didn't clear the salad plates before bringing out the entrees. My husband had to make room for the entrees while the waiter stood there with hot plates in his hand. Now on to the food. I know exactly why I don't dine at OG. The salad tasted as if it had been in the fridge for days and the pasta had been microwaved too long. The bread sticks were loaded with salt.Never again!
4	Olive Garden is my twice a year restaurant. Having lived in Charlotte for several years I've visited this Olive Garden several times. It's pretty much always the same. The greeters at the door are very pleasant and we are always quick to a table. I usually get the soup, salad and bread sticks. My husband gets something pasta related. This most recent trip he got the "Tour of Italy," which was a plate of Lasagna, Chicken Parm and Fettuccini Alfredo. I tried his and found it to be fine. I like my own lasagna so I found theirs to be "ok." Mine was consistently the same as it always is. Hooray. I like it like that. The server was attentive and we had everything we needed at all times. I can't think of anything I'd change or wish was better about our visit. I will definitely return when I need my chain restaurant fix again.
3	Olive Garden is Olive Garden, you get what you pay for. Its ok Italian if you just want a fast bite to eat but its not cheap by any means. I had the sample plate and it was tasty. I do like their salads. My meal seemed to have been sitting  around a bit as the top layer was all dried out.
5	The timing is key but there is hardly ever a not so good time to receive Great service and kind management. We eat here often ( bi-weekly or monthly since 2010). We have fav servers and always seem to get in and out often seated at walk in. Management is visible and key in driving this location. Our family and friends love this location.
3	With a rocky start with our server not coming, I went to the manager to get us a server to wait on us.  We were waited on by Aisha, she was excellent, I don't know why our original sever didn't wait on us but they missed out on a 20% tip.  Thank you Aisha.  The atmosphere and food is what you would expect. The manager rectified the problem immediately with the sever that never showed.  Try the pumpkin cheesecake, it was excellent.
3	Good but not OutstandingMy wife went shopping at Northlake Mall about a week ago and decided to go to Olive Garden for lunch.  Unfortunately the keep experimenting with the menu and serveral of our favorites were no longer availalbe.It's a nice open atmosphere and we were seated very quickly. Service throughout the meal was very good so no complaints on that score.I order Steak Toscano (Medium Rare) while my wife had the Stuffed Chicken Marsala. Of course we both had the prefunctory salad which was pretty god but still heavy on lettuce and very light on other ingredients.While my wife liked her Chicken, my steak was anyting but medium rare. More like medium done and not a good cut of meat . Very tough, fiberous and dry which is the reason I like medium rare.We've eated at this particular location on multiple occassions and generally have been very pleased but with the repeated changes in the menu, makes it a little less appealing as a dining option.
3	We ordered to go. We were told 25 minutes our order would be ready on a Sunday night.  My boyfriend went to pick it up and didn't end up getting our food for another 30 minutes after the initial 25 had already passed. We got the food home and our order was wrong. I called to speak to a manager and was put on hold for 20 minutes. Then hung up and called back. Spoke to Michelle, and she was sincerely apologetic about the whole situation and offered to resolve the issue. How she handled the situation is the only reason this review is getting 3 stars and not 1.
3	On the way home from a trip out of town, I ordered to-go at this location. The lady at the to-go station was very friendly and the restaurant offered free peach tea while we waited for our order, so that was very nice. However, they messed up my food order, which we only discovered after leaving the restaurant and arriving home. :(  It was very disappointing. Next time, I will check my order before leaving.
2	Everytime we eat here the food gets worse, if that's even possible. The five cheese ziti was dry and hardly had any "sauce". And the lasagna we ordered was falling apart and a lousy portion for the price. We will not be going back.
