1	I'm going to keep this short and sweet. Err not too sweet. I live in Bloomfield near the Childrens Hospital. Took my moo moo pie on a walk down (about 25 minutes in the RAIN) to Bow Wow or whatever just to see what they were about and to kind of get a feel for what type of doggie day care this was and some general information.Not only when I came in dripping wet from the rain there wasn't anyone up front to greet me. She brushed me and my dog off when I asked her about more information. She had an attitude with me didn't really care to go in depth with me about anything. It was kind of "We do this we do that" I ultimately ended up walking out on her mid-sentence. Complete waste of time. I don't usually write negative reviews but geeze if you treat animals better than you treat people fine but I at least deserve some respect.Her overall attitude was "I don't even know you I don't even care to know you unless you want to pay for our services." If that's the attitude you want to have I'll pass.
5	No one is better at anthropomorphizing their pet than I am.  No one.  I religiously check the ingredients of the food that Gus eats, I wake up at absurd hours in the morning during the summer so his walk isn't too hot, and he has this crazy dog seat/throne in the back seat of my car so he can look out the window.  You've all heard of helicopter parenting, yeah?  It's a mess and screwing up today's children, but I'm totally guilty of helicopter doggie parenting.All of which is to say that I'm not going to drop Gus off at some random place while I go to work.  Step 1 (which I think the other reviewer skipped/missed): call them and make an appointment.  Taking a strange dog into a place full of dogs is a little dicey.  Typically, new dogs are brought over on Saturday (when there are no other dogs around) so Barbara can get a sense of its temperament.  Barbara is great with dogs and has a ton of experience, but I totally had the, "well, if my kid isn't good enough for them, screw them!" thoughts running through my head.  Obviously, Barbara instantly saw the inherent awesomeness of Gus.Step 2: learn to let go.  I don't have kids, but I imagine this is pretty much the same as dropping them off at daycare.  The first few times, they scream and cry when you leave and you're left feeling like a terrible person for the rest of the day.  Then one day, magically, they're excited to go to daycare (or Bow WoW) and they don't even look back while they're led away to the playroom.  It's a bittersweet moment, but one can't help but feel a little proud.  See what I mean about the anthropomorphizing thing?Bow Wow separates the dogs by size and organizes the day into blocks of play, rest, and exercise so the dogs don't get overstimulated, which can cause stress.  The staff is excellent about communicating with owners about even minor changes in your dog's behavior and simply giving you updates about how your dog's socialization and adjustment.  I think I spent the first 2-3 weeks asking, "Is he playing?  Is he making friends?" on a daily basis.  The entire staff was very good about humoring me.Gus loves it there (his radar triggers around 21st street and he starts to flip out in the car) and I feel safe about leaving him there.  And honestly, when it comes to a doggie day care, that's all that matters.
5	Best doggie daycare in the city. We've been taking our dog here for over a year and we couldn't be happier. The staff is so knowledgeable and really cares about each and every dog. It's a good feeling to know that our dog is being watched by trained dog handlers, not teenagers who are too busy texting. If we ever have a question, the staff at Bow Wow are the first ones we ask as they are so knowledgeable about training, dog health, dog tips, etc. They go the extra mile to make sure they reinforce the training that we have spend a lot of time developing with our dog. I definitely recommend Bow Wow!
5	There is no place I would trust more with my best buddy. They take amazing care of her and love her like their own!
