5	Awesome little independent men's shoe shop. They specialize in high end classy shoes that will last for years and years. I was looking for something a bit more casual but would come back here if I was in the market for dress shoes or boots. Scott is knowledgable and passionate about shoes and the history or the old building that the shop occupies. If your in the market for Aldens stop in. Love finding these independent shops in a sea of chain stores.
5	Great shop. They have Carmina, a great shoemaker from Spain, as well as Alden's.
5	This is a hidden gem in Pittsburgh.  I have been shopping here for many years and Scott continues to do an amazing job.  Scott understands everything about shoes and is very passionate. His assortment continues to grow and he has shoes that cannot be bought anywhere in the country.  He specializes in the high end but anyone could buy here.  He currently carries Alden, Carmina, Nettleton, Sebago, Red Wing Boots and a few others.  Spring 2014 is going to be great with two new high end brands.  Stop in and check the store out you will not be disappointed.
5	Picture for me, if you will, a person.  The kind of person who walks into a store knowing full well the exact product they wish to purchase; knowing full well, that the store which they've entered does not carry that product.This person may ask the store keep, "Do you carry this product (which I know you don't)?"  Cynically hoping to themselves that there's "one in the back, in your size, exactly what you want!"Well, my name is Jon.  And I am that person.That's how I entered Nettleton Shop, fully expecting to walk away with nothing, knowing full well the store didn't carry what I thought I wanted.What I wasn't expecting, was a near two-hour experience that taught me everything I wish I had ever known about men's shoes.The store keep is obviously a professional; courteous, supremely knowledgeable, trustworthy, and clearly passionate about his craft.  "Hey, this is the kind of guy I want to pretend to buy shoes from, since I know he doesn't carry what I want!"Well, just look at the attached picture.  Perfect size, perfect fit, great price, and I couldn't be happier with my experience buying them.
5	Have bought a number of shoes from Scott.  He is the most knowledgeable shoe person I have ever met.  Great to work with too!  You can't go wrong when you buy from the Nettleton Shop in Pittsburgh.  I go there often and will be purchasing another pair of shoes there very soon.
