5	she does awsome nail arts, just show the picture of the design you want, she will tell you if she can do the exactly same or not, very reasonable price and profesional skills! def recommands her!
5	I will never get my nails done anywhere else! Love Nails has set the bar very high. Very careful, pays a lot of attention to detail and extremely creative. I love coming here to get my nails done and always leave happy :)
5	Finally I found hidden gem !!  She's nice and talented. Thx for doing the good job for my nails. Salon was so pretty and clean, will come back for sure.
5	Was referred to Ava from my coworker and I'm so happy to say, I found a nail person in Vegas!!!!!!! I moved to Las Vegas almost three years ago and have been trying out several nail salons in this city, only to be disappointed and never satisfied with the nail work I got. You can't imagine the thrill and happiness I got when I finally found the right person! I first found Ava's work on Instagram (@lovenails702) through my coworkers' advice and was impressed by her nail art she did. My coworkers' nails were featured on her page and I was amazed to see them in person. When I went to Ava, I explained to her I wanted something neutral that I could wear to work, but a little bit a jazz so it wouldn't be so boring. I showed her several designs I liked on her IG page, and she suggested some ideas. I told her to go for it, and what she did for me, I was beyond satisfied. This girl has "TASTE" and is fashion forward when it comes to nail art (if you're into 3-D/Japanese nail art--she is incredible at this!). The salon she works at is very clean and the other nail technicians there are very kind. The environment there doesn't make you feel uncomfortable; but rather inviting and welcoming.I would recommend Ava to EVERYONE I KNOW. (I seriously grabbed a bunch of her business cards and have been raving about her to everyone I know since I got my nails done!). She is such a sweet and gentle soul and was so accommodating to squeeze me in an appointment when I texted her the night before I came in. So happy to finally have found my nail soulmate!
