5	The Nordstrom of tile stores...What a GREAT staff!!  We have been shopping for stone flooring for a few weeks, and have been everywhere (or at least it feels like we have been everywhere!). I still could not make a decision, and still had many questions about what we should get to fit our needs (tile vs stone).  Today we went here and I was amazed at the knowledge and friendliness of the staff.  I wish there were employees like this everywhere I shopped.Specifically we worked with two employees named Brenda and Susan, and they were incredible.  I left finally able to make an informed decision, and feeling GOOD about spending such a huge amount of money because I know we will love it! (And, the prices are not high--they are quite competitive with the other places we have been, including "big box" stores like Lowes and Home Depot).(If anything is not satisfactory about the stone or the service once we get our stone, I'll be sure to update, but I could not be more please so far!)
5	After finally persuading my husband into getting rid of our horrible counters and sink, we went shopping for granite.  We went to Arizona Tile on a recommendation of a broker.  We went to the back of the yard so we didn't have to go through the trouble of filling out forms. (this also was at the recommendation of the broker.) The slabs were standing in all their outdoor glory and people wer e walking around wearing hardhats looking very serious and excited at the same time.  Lots of energy.  We started getting confused and just at the right moment, when my husdand was getting cold feet because of prices, Dave came...Like the Granite Angel he was amazing and gave us a fantastic deal.  We are now proud owners of a beautiful slab of granite.  I loved the shopping experience and I loved Dave, the Granite Angel.  Finding out that this is actually a family business is even better.  I totally recommend this place if you're shopping for stone or tile.  I loved it.  Prices were right, service was great and of course to me all the granite was amazing.
5	Why is a cheapskate like me shopping at AZ Tile?  Well, the Tempe location has many secrets - secret deals that is.  OK, so they're not that secret, but if you've been to the other locations you're just looking a gorgeous displays of lovely tile and solid surface slabs.But at the Tempe location, this is where the extra unwanted slightly mismatched, or maybe slightly marred items go on sale.  Venture outside past the rows of gorgeous slabs on the inside and you hit the huge outside yard filled with sale slabs.  I bought a bunch of their Samsung Radiance Quartz on sale - because it wasn't up to Samsung's standards.  The errors were circled in pencil, and they were tiny and easy to work around.  Thank you picky Samsung!The marble and granite slabs are also a deal out in the yard.  You have to look around, but you'll be happy.And then there are the secret tile deals!  I seriously have been coming to this place for years and had never been back past the Tile Sales desk (go through the pretty Tile sales room, past the lovely bathrooms, past the slab room and desk where you get your hard hats, keep walking back through the doors and you hit the Tile Sales desks.  OK, go past the Tile Sales desks and outside.  Wahlah!  Strange and wonderful short supply items in tile.  I've never bought any of this tile - too strange mostly :).  But there are some serious deals out there if there's something you want.    Last time I was out there, there were some huge pieces of granite that had been slabs that were cut into 'tiles' for some special order.   Really wild stuff.So yes, it is true I buy most of my tile down the street at Floor and Decor.  But if you either want something special tilewise, or you want some sale slabs Arizona Tile is the place.
4	fantastic selection of tiles and marble to choose from. First time we went there we were blown away by the service but the second time we went back we could hardly have been given the time of day. Prices are in line with other places.
1	103 degrees, 50% humidity.  No, the weather is not their fault. I was willing to brave the elements because I was told this place was awesome.  1 1/2 hours later... I kept finding Granite but everyone I found was sold.  My complaint is that there were no "sold" tags on the slabs.  I've never been so hot, miserable and so frustrated.   I will not go there again and will tell everyone else about this experience.  Horrible.
1	I walked in just as they were closing after driving an hour there.  A man came up to me and said they had closed but when I explained to him that I just needed to walk through and knew exactly what to pick out but all I needed was the order number for my installer he said "come on in" very nicely. He pointed me to a woman behind a counter (who I assume is the one not answering the calls when I had called earlier on my way to find out what time they closed.....it just rang and rang). She looked at me with a blank stare and said "we are closed". I explained that the man let me in...yada yada yada. She looked at him and said "you help her then" and he politely said "I can't I am with a customer" then the two of them began to bicker which made me feel very uncomfortable.  Then, he came up to me and handed me a hard hat and piece of paper and quickly gave me instructions on how to get the information I needed. I walked in and headed right where I needed to be. About 2 mins later another woman came up to me and said "miss...do you know we are closed?" to which I explained again and she was rude on that she seemed annoyed and wouldn't look at me and briskly walked away. I then saw the slab I wanted and asked her a question about it (she was nearby) and she was being very passive aggressive with me and once again recommended I just go ahead and an appointment. I got so frustrated I simply said "no thank you" and walked out. I was too much trouble and they were rude about it. Bottom line. It looked as the product is great but being a business owner myself with someone ready to spend several thousands of dollars on your product it was very disheartening to be treated so unprofessionally.
1	Holy crap does this place not have ANY customer service in their DNA.As the retail customer and the person that ultimately keeps them in business, you'd think they'd be a little warmer, more helpful and willing to work with you. They are not. In fact my wife and I found them snobby, condescending and not at all helpful.During the remodel process, we had to go to the slab yard a few times, each time felt like we were an inconvenience to them. The final trip to Arizona Tile came a week before fabrication. Our fabricator Diamond Granite (see their AWESOME review on Yelp, went to confirm our slab was there. He asked them to pull it for us so that we could see it at 1:30PM as we had a very limited window of time to view the slab before picking up kids at school. When we arrived, they were once again too busy for us and had us take a seat. When we got to talk to someone they were unaware of our slab and asked who had our paperwork? How are we supposed to know? We were told they never pull a slab until a customer arrives and we'd have to wait for a large truckload that was now being offloaded. We told them we had to be out at 2PM. It was now 1:45. At 2PM, we were told to be patient. At 2:15PM someone went out to see if the slab was there. It wasn't until 2:20PM a full 50 minutes after we arrived, that we had minutes to confirm our slab choice.I couldn't wait to get out of there. My wife and I hated the experience of working with Arizona Tile. The other company we looked at was Bedrosian's and the experience there was night and day different.Our recommendation: Go to Bedrosian's first for great customer service. If they don't have what you want, be prepared to get crappy customer service in exchange for the larger selection.
5	My husband and I are building a beautiful Shea Home in the Surprise area. It is the  home we have wished for a long time. It was time to pick out our Granite countertop for the kitchen. So I went down to the Tempe Location. Upon entering the business I was greeted with "2" big smiles and "Congratulations" on your new home purchase. I was escorted over to the registration counter and given a hard hat. The customer service "rocks" at Arizona Tile.!!!!!I have never had Granite countertops before so I was quite eager to see the selection I would be given to choose from.I am truly impressed beyond words with the Arizona Tile Company. The selection and knowledge they have about their products is amazing. They truly do love their jobs and sharing the knowledge they have for those products.Curt K. assisted me in the selection process and I was very impressed. He took his time and explained everything in detail about the Granite we were having installed in our new home. Curt told me that Granite is an investment and is a "beautiful piece of natural stone". Curt also explained how the variations occur in the Granite and that taking care of it is very easy and will last for many years.So on that note, Thank you Curt and Arizona Tile for my beautiful new Granite. I can't wait to see it installed.!!!!
5	Another place I spent a lot of time in, while doing a total gut job on our house was Arizona Tile.  Every person I came into contact with, either on the phone, or in person, was extremely knowledgeable and friendly.   It's so fun to walk around the store and look at the many choices they have.  And, walking the slab yard is incredible.
