2	Wow, this is the neighborhood post office and it is slower than molasses. Seriously, I have been in here a few times and it is ridiculously slow moving. Always expect a line and to waste up to 45 minutes getting through it. I know, I know they are probably doing the best they can but geez! I'm not very post office savvy so I usually have to bear through the line to make sure I am mailing something correctly. For those that are hip there is a fabulous kiosk in the lobby that can do just about everything the clerks can do and you can pay with card (maybe even cash, I'm not sure).
2	Wanna know why the US Postal Service is struggling to keep their nose above water and on the brink of insolvency?  Not adjusting their business plan upon the arrival of the Internet and Email Age, and...customers. You must keep them and their changing needs at the front of everything you do. One day this week, I stood in line at this US Post Office for about 15 minutes, only to find out that my stuff (packed in my own box) didn't qualify for any of their Priority Mail flat rates...it would make the Large rate ONLY if I crammed it into their own awkwardly-sized, long, flat Priority Mail box. This meant I needed to:1. rip open my own taped-up box (with what??), 2. unpack everything in it (in front of all these people waiting in line??), and 3. re-pack it in the USPS "large" Priority Mail long, very flat box (what if some of my items weren't that flat??). Exasperated after considering this option, I returned their "Priority Mail" tape to the counter, hopped in the car, and Yelped for the nearest UPS store. UPS gave me several shipping options, and I chose the one which got my box to its destination for $2 cheaper than the USPS, and also INCLUDED a tracking number. In and out in less than five minutes. US Postal Service -- time to get out of the Stone Age. Customers rule now, and the world revolves around our needs and wants. We young whippersnappers will absolutely whip out our iPhones, find your competitor, and give our business to them...all while standing in your store.
5	I am writing this review based solely on the little known fact that there is an automated package kiosk in the lobby!  Tired of waiting in line?Need to mail that package after 7pm?Can you use a computer or cellphone?If you answered YES to any of the above questions, get to this USPS when mailing your next package!  Granted, it should NOT be the size of a bicycle or big-screen TV.Shoebox size or smaller?  This is the place you.  I stopped in last night, NO WAITING!Perfect.
1	Worst post office ever. I've never seen more than two people working the counter, and I've never seen fewer than a dozen people waiting in line (this is not an exaggeration). The employees give incorrect information, and they are rude while doing it! Go to Paper Crazy on 12th Street if you need to send something.
4	Busy central phoenix location near the Biltmore area. This location has personal mailbox spaces along with a full service post office/drop off location. There is an automated package kiosk which will help with after hours as well as help avoid long lines.
1	I continue to go to this location because its the closest to my home however today is my last day there! There is an employee who is so RUDE (she refused to give me her name) I asked her for a marker and she said she didn't have one. She's always on the very far left. SHE'S SUCH A B*****!!! So then I said, "it's a post office and you don't have a marker?" So then I asked the sweet looking employee next to her for a marker and she was happy to lend it to me. So then I come back to other this rude employee and told her, "you really couldn't just ask someone for a marker?" "How hard was that" ... I asked to speak to a manager and want to know what the manager said to me?! She said "do not disrespect my employee" OMG!!!! Anyway before with the white lady on the very very far left, she has short hair. She's such a bitch!!
1	My husband is a mail carrier who toils in the 100+ degree six-month-long summers here, usually 10 hours a day, six days a week, and I totally resent the attitude of several clerks at this station whom I have had the misfortune of being forced to deal with.  I now go elsewhere, but recently had no choice but to visit this station again. The first clerk is a slovenly woman who frequently has stains on her shirts--lol, she expects ME to thank HER, and the same goes for everyone else who, by the luck of the draw, must deal with her.  My most recent experience was waiting in line for 40 minutes, most of the time with only one clerk up front. When it was finally my turn, I asked for a non-flat rate priority box the clerk (different person than Ms. Slovenly) told me I would either have to pay flat rate or buy my own box because they were out of the boxes I wanted (there were none out front, or I would have been prepared to mail right away, as my label was ready), so then I asked for a small flat rate box and about a minute later she found the box I had originally requested because she didn't really know what she was talking about...and THEN, after I had waited SO long, she told me to step aside so she could help someone else while I spent 10 seconds stuffing and closing the box; I refused to step aside and reported the incident to a supervisor, who paid me lip service...good job!
1	The employees in this office are so rude.  The woman on the far left kiosk that is mentioned in other reviews is the most miserable disgusting excuse for a human being I've ever encountered.  Every time I come in she is rude to every single person she helps.  She is so passive aggressive.  Slowly waddles around trying to take extra time to complete any task in order to make people wait longer.  My guess is she has no power in her personal life so she uses the tiny bit of control she has over customers by wasting their time as much as possible.  Don't even get me going on the employee that goes by the name of CeCe who told me I was interrupting her lunch break when she was called out to help by one of her coworkers.  FYI CeCe - it wouldn't kill you to skip a meal.  There is a reason these losers get paid $10 per hour.  There is one half way nice woman that works there.  The rest are horrible.
1	good luck dealing with your shipment if you do come here! The behind-the-desk ladies must be trained in meanness school.  The staff are mean as hell!!!! Not just once but twice, I asked a older looking brunette lady for a little piece of tape for my envelope.  She gave me the rudest look and told me they have tapes for sale when it was obviously all i needed was a one-inch scotch tape to seal my envelope.  Another time I had to mail a package and I asked  for a marker.  Again, she gave me the dirty look and just said we do not give out markers.  I did not say anything to her but I went to the bank (wells fargo) and they kindly gave me tape and marker without asking anything. I would not use this post office unless my life depends on it!!!!!!   I would just use the machine so I don't have to deal with the brunette lady!
1	15 people in line and there's 1 lady working. She appears to be 70 years old. This is the very reason that the Postal Service is losing millions of dollars a year. This is a complete joke. I am writing this from the parking lot as people walk up to the door, see the line then walk right out. I assume to Fedex or UPS.
4	Do not know what these folks are saying unless it was just not their day.  I have alwayshad pleasant and accurate service at this location.  Far better than other stations I have visited.  This is a very busy station, and they may be a bit under staffed particularly during busy times, but always pleasant.  As a business owner, I would like to see more service personnel and shorter lines, but I will hope for some improvement there while I continue to visit this station.  TIP: Visit at less busy times.......Jim S.
5	Needing to mail a bunch of packages and not wanting to have to deal with the almost-always long line you find at the South 7th Av. station or Mr. Unfriendly who snarls and barks at you at the 2 S. 35th Ave. one, I decided to give this location a try.Wow!  The line was reasonably short, Ms. Clerk (sorry I didn't get her name) was friendly and knowlegeable, and I was in and out of there in short order!  I do see all the 1-Star Reviews on here, but sorry, it went just great for me, and this wasn't right at opening time or anything.  They were moderately busy with other customers & the clerks just buzzed along to serve everyone well.     :-))
1	Holy fuckin hell, USPS is a load of shit. Can't talk to any human and the one time I got lucky they didn't care to help one bit. Giving you all a warning just use fedex or ups for fucks sake and get your stuff without having sent back to amazon twice
2	First off, they have changed the sign with paper and tape so they close at 4:30pm Mon-Fri, so if you were hoping to send something after work....NOPE! Lines are very long, there seem to be a lot of people working there, but none of them are at the registers. I don't get it.I've started buying my stamps online. I just can't deal with it. I'll have to check out this automated package machine people mention in reviews, that might perk me up a bit...
