3	The Crazy Chicken is correct!  I usually hit up the drive-thru where I intent to try something different but always end up ordering the Pollo Bowl with flour tortillas.  You can't go wrong with chicken breast, pinto beans, rice, cilantro, onion, and Pico de Gallo all thrown together in one plastic bowl.  Mixed with their fabulous Spicy Avocado sauce it's true satisfaction.  The few times I have ventured into The Crazy Chicken it has been a people watchers delight!  From the 8 employees they have sitting at tables talking numbers and signage to the guy I saw sipping on a helping of the Spicy Avocado sauce.  If you are going to dine in I would recommend holding that last hit in for awhile just so you can enjoy the craziness of the El Pollo Loco customers rather than be annoyed by their existence.   Be warned that weekends seem to be the time for families to head on over to El Pollo Loco for a family night out!!
4	Despite the fact that I was once in this restaurant while it was literally HELD UP AT GUNPOINT, I am still giving it 4 stars.  If the whole nearly dying in an ill-conceived fast food restaurant heist thing hadn't happened, I would totally give it the 5th star. El Pollo Loco is so freakin good.
3	So tried this place for the first time and overall it was pretty good. I like the fact that it is cooked over open flame right there so you can actually see it is fresh..@ Certain places the food you eat can be somewhat questionable. ''is it really chicken?"...  got a family order which came with three large sides. The sides are typical of what you would get at like KFC or something similar mac n cheese, rice, beans, veggies etc... Everything comes with fresh tortillas too.. Which i really like and i gotta give it up for their spicy avocado salsa. Chicken was good..Flavorful. it is a chain restaurant so it is a typical fast food place so nothing special inside but i have to admit for being a fast food joint the place was pretty effin' immaculate even all the salt and pepper shakers were all lined up perfectly on every table( don't ask why i notice these things i just do). but hey the way i see it if the environment is kept clean, then the food must be well prepared as well.  your alright in my book crazy chicken.
3	Had the twice grilled burrito, it was amazing. Not bad for fast food
4	great food for a fast joint. the chicken is always nice n juicy. i love the ultimate bowl which i get almost everytime i go there. the only drawback is their tortillas taste like cardboard.
3	Perfect place for a low-carb dieter since you can get 8 pieces of chicken with no sides and it will be a hearty meal (with leftovers) for two.  I also appreciate the fact that they have sugar-free lemonade and ice tea available.  I loved their new tropical habanero sauce.  So spicy!This particular location was not the cleanest but ok for a fast food place.  The person at the register seemed friendly enough so I have no complaints.
2	I'm not impressed. Service was slow. I got the new sweet potato fries they were under cooked & overly salty. The new sweet corn cake was just ok. The chicken was the only semi-decent part of the meal. I won't be coming back.
4	I can't remember the last time I experienced great customer service at a fast food joint. Keep up the good work El Pollo Asst Manager!
4	Going through the mail: junk...junk...ju- whooaa - grilled stuffed bacon guac and chicken mushroom quesadillas... in high def images that make the mouth water so hard that even the worst marihuana cigarette-induced dry mouth is no match.So yeah I went. This is a great spot for some fast food since they have healthy and fresh options like chicken and rice, guacamole, salsa, etc.. And yes I tried all three stuffed dillas and they are great...Fuck there goes my mouth again
3	I still have fond memories of El Pollo Loco when they introduced their spicy orange Fuego sauce. It was so good, I could've poured it on a flip-flop and eaten it. Sadly, the Fuego sauce is no longer to be found. And I was hugely disappointed in the quality of the condiments available in the salsa bar.  Upon my most recent visit to this particular restaurant, I found the salsas to be watery and flavorless. I had stopped in to try their new fish tacos and was disappointed. Not only were the fish tacos unappealing and tasteless, but the equally unappetizing salsa couldn't do anything to improve the flavor.I also ordered a individual piece of chicken and found it to be as I remembered... delicious! So I don't know what is going on with El Pollo Loco's menu nowadays, but they can still do their chicken right. I am once-bitten, twice-shy about coming back here, but if I do, I will stick to the chicken.
4	Always go through the drive up. Usually takes the person a while to either understand me or me understand them. Otherwise ordering is pretty simple. When asked if I want sauce I just stop saying yes over the intercom cause I never get it anyway. The food is pretty basic but once in a while they have some new item that is pretty good. They are fast and havent had to many mishaps.
1	I wish I could give less than one star. I ordered the taco combo with chicken. When I got my order both Tacos were heaped with lettuce but no chicken. When I brought them back they replaced them with one that had chicken and one that had just lettuce on it. the taco shells were greasy and cracked on the bottom making it impossible to eat. The staff were not very helpful and they acted like they could care less. I did not expect a gourmet meal but I did expect chicken in my chicken tacos. The only positive thing I can say was the place was clean.
1	I used to like this place. Today i went for lunch and the price i paid ($7) for a 2 piece combo meal was waaaayyy over priced! The chicken pieces i got were tiny. More like half a thigh & leg. The black beans and veggie's  i used to love. THink they switched up the black beans brand and im not a fan. The veggies were hard, not steamed. Overall im disappointed with the changes. I dont think I'll be going there as often anymore
3	It was okay.  The chicken was tasty.Service was WAY too slow, and the guy at the register didn't even give me a number which didn't help at all.  I remember coming here in the drive-thru a few years ago and it taking a long time then as well.  The taste is good here, but not distinctive, and for the money I can't say it's a great deal either.  For this kind of upper tier fast food Mexican (as compared to Taco Bell or Del Taco, which is lower tier), Rubio's blows it away completelyDoesn't suck at least.  Nice to try for a change every once in a while, but not my first choice when looking around for something to eat.
4	Definitely my go-to fast food Mexican restaurant! I especially love this location because the service is always great and the food is always delicious. I've tried other locations before but found they aren't quite as good. I love the burritos here! Very filling and fresh! I usually order the Chicken Avocado burrito, the Pollo Bowl or one of their Chicken Meals. Their grilled chicken is soooo flavorful! The only thing I dislike about this restaurant is the Salsa. I feel it's kind of bland and I usually don't even use them with my burrito or chicken. Luckily they are already tasty without the salsa. The large selection of sides are awesome, and I usually treat myself to a yummy melt-in-your-mouth caramel flan dessert- which I sometime end up enjoying before my meal. Once they were in the middle of cooking a side I ordered so they apologetically asked me to wait in the parking lot and gave me a drink of choice while I waited. When I got my food soon after, they gave me a free side for the inconvenience! That's great customer service that keeps me going back!
2	It a new year and like many of us . . . it's time to try and eat health for a while.  And since I had recently seen an ad for the under 500 calorie bowls I thought I would try one . . . I ordered the Black Bean Bowl.The Bowl it self had a very good taste . . . but was way too running for my liking . . . and the broccoli was way under cooked.  The service was okay but could have been faster.Even though this trip was not very good . . . I will probably stop in to try another one of their under 500 calorie bowls sometime down the road . . . after all even two stars for something healthy is better than one star.
3	I've been to this location a few times and have always had great service. Tonight was about the same, despite a slight attitude problem from the person who took my order. She got a little "put off" when I had to explain to her that I had ordered two LARGE Diet Cokes. She tried to pass off two SMALL ones, saying I had ordered those. I once again reiterated that they were indeed large, and yes, she stood corrected when she double-checked the order on the screen. She rolled her eyes at me, gave a loud, obnoxious sigh, and changed my drinks to a large. I certainly hope I don't encounter her again on future visits so she doesn't decide to spit in my food or something out of spite. Otherwise, this visit was once again fine. The food was excellent, and I even had enough to take as lunch the next day!
3	Food is okay. It's chicken. With tortillas. Expecting anything else is like picking your nose and hoping for gold. Average service, average food, average everything. Is it a boring Tuesday and you haven't had chicken for a while? Need to pick up dinner on the way home? Stop by. Oh wait, it's a busy intersection.
2	The meal itself (Well, what I got of it) tasted fine. The chicken was tender, with good marinated flavor. The sides were plentiful, and the salad was huge. Unfortunately, they did not include course 3 of the 3 course meal that I ordered to go, and did not realize this until I got back home. In addition, they were going to overcharge me on a coupon deal I redeemed (Get 4 free tacos) had I not noticed that they only took off the cost of 1 taco, not 4.The salsa bar itself is a nice idea, but the station itself looked grimy, especially the lid and tray area. The pico de gallo looked really old, and appeared to have a strange foamy appearance, so I steered clear of it.
3	Fire Grilled Chicken, done whichever way you like: burrito, tacos, salad, etc. They have healthy "Under 500 calorie" menu options. Individual combos for $7-$9 and Family Meals $20-$30. Salsa bar with four fresh salsa options.
3	Fyi, the drive thru closes at 10p, apparently.  Not sure if they serve walk-ins, but the sticker on the window said they close at 10p on Friday.  Bummer.  Tempe needs more 24 hr drive thrus!
