3	My husband and I went there for dinner. The menu is pretty decent for your choices. My husband had fish and chips (cod) and I had chicken alfredo. The cod was great, and I don't even like fish. My chicken alfredo was really good, just a little too thick and creamy. So it's good for someone who's really hungry and wants a filling dish. The prices are great, and the service is also. I recommend this place for anyone who's looking for a good meal for a great price. We will be going back for breakfast sometime soon.
5	Tilapia is on point here French fries are nice and crispy  kids enjoyed their chicken strips very fresh and juicy. We'll definitely visit again also kids eat free with purchase of adult entree!
3	This review is based on the time we went, but if I had to come here again, it would probably be better. But since its the first time I ever came to this restaurant, I'll give it a decent review. Located on Craig and Decatur, next to a discount mall. It's a small restaurant, which is in a decent location. it was early morning that we went, and Sunday for that matter. There was 8 of us, and we were able to get a good seating. It did fill up really fast, which shows that, they are a very recognized place. But knowing that they had guess coming in big crowd, it did show that they had little room to accommodate the guess. In other words, the place was small for the popularity they have. The staff, were nice and very helpful. But when they got busy, it seems like the wait time for service tend to spread out more and it seem like they were under staff. It was kind of hard to get refills, or get attention. I think I finished my food, before I got a refill on my drink. But they did what they can do, in which, I'll give them credit for doing what they can. The food, on the other hand, was great. I had the steak and eggs, which was cooked very well and presented very well I basically inhaled it. We also had the chicken quesadilla for appetizer, which was full of chicken. The wife loved it, but I wasn't fond of the sour cream being in a packet. But the quesadilla was good, I'll give them that. Not fond of the fact that they only had one of those bathroom, just for one person at a time. Mainly end up having to stay in line, just to use a bathroom. Other then that, the place can be better, but the food was great. I would probably recommend this place for the food. Probably go there when its not so busy and that you don't plan to use the bathroom while you're their. Other then that, its an A-OK kind of review. Maybe next time, it will be better.
3	First time trying this cafe.  The food was a great value - lots of food and a fair price.  My husband had the pot roast omelet and I had the spinach/mushroom omelet.  The service was lacking.  We sat at one table for 10 minutes but were not even given a menu.  After seeing two other groups come in after us and be waited on before us, we moved to another table...that was better but still coffee was not refilled and we had to flag down a waitress just to get the check.  We would go again but only if we had lots of time and didn't mind sitting around waiting.
4	Great breakfast specials! Breakfast Burrito was yummy & French toast combo :) me & my boyfriend enjoyed!
4	Good breakfast.
4	Excellent service and excellent food! Definitely will be going back!  I live in North Las Vegas and there are not too many breakfast joints near my house. I was surprised when I found this "hole in the wall."  It definitely has a cafe look, but is very clean.  It's my understanding the place if family owned, and all the employees were friendly.  The food was fresh, came out in a reasonable time, and tasted delicious.  Chicken fried steak was bomb and eggs benedict was acceptable.  I willl try for dinner or lunch next.
2	Your friendly neighborhood cafe...well they were friendly when they finally decided to come around. I have to say, for a small cafe you'd think they were able to maintain the amount of seating in this place. Now I don't know what the deal was, but our server took awhile to greet us and take our order and after we got our food he never came back to check on us??? What the heck?!?! It was just me and my dad eating and we had ordered a simple breakfast. I don't even think my dad got a refill on his coffee. The food is priced fair for the quality of the food. It's nothing like Marilyn's but it's okay. I don't know if I really want to give this place another try, but my uncle seems to like it here, so maybe in the future I will.Oh I had to ask for a take out container twice from two different people and I had to ask for the check which our server never brought. The first lady I asked went into the kitchen and would only peep her head out and then go back in...what the heck is that about?
2	Ordered the Veggie Burger for take out, and it was really nothing to brag about, the whole presentation was pretty boring. I figured something called the 'Harvest Cafe' who brags about 'fresh ingredients',  would know a thing or two about making a 'vegetarian' burger, but I was wrong. First off, the menu says that it comes with sprouts (which was what I was really looking forward to), but it just ended up coming with iceberg lettuce (which I can't stand Iceberg). Also, the patty was really thin and dry ( I could have just thrown a Morning Star patty in the microwave and got the same results) and the bread was really thick for such a little patty. Even the avocado was dry, if that makes sense. Nothing else on the burger (tomatoes, onions) made it any more flavorful. I would suggest that if you are going to serve a vegetarian burger at your restaurant that you at least try and include the vegetables you promised on your menu, and maybe try to have a little more imagination. But the disappointment sadly doesn't end there. My husband ordered the Harvest Burger, and says that it was also pretty boring, and so were the fries, which were a little too firm. He said he would rather have went to 5 guys or even Denny's. I guess when you open up a restaurant on a street that has dozens of places that serve 'diner food', especially burgers, you get a lot of picky people. Anyhow, this place just didn't stick out for us. It's really nothing special. However, I might give it another shot for breakfast some time.
4	Great little breakfast spot. Simple no frills good food at great prices. I love pancakes and I have to say they have phenomenal pancakes! I also like that this place is minutes from my house and right next to one of the best cleaners in the valley. Note of caution the breakfast specials during the weekdays are not the same on the weekends. But during the weekday you get:3 of the best pancakes you ever want to eat2 eggs any style2 bacon or sausage$4.99...SOLD!
4	Good food good prices decent service
4	This is my local joint good food, good prices, ok service. But very consistent. Pancake special 2 eggs 2 bacon 3 pancakes $4.99. Freakin awesome pancakes! They should invest in better coffee.
1	Have gone multiple times. Bad service. Should not cost that much for such quality.
4	Good prices, good service.  Great to have an easy to get to local diner.
2	Food was good. Service was poor.
1	Stopped for breakfast and the service good. Breakfast sucks. Eggs burned pancakes hard. Never been to a place that you needed a knife to cut your pancakes. Will not be coming back anytime soon.
4	9am on a Saturday morning, my 9 year old daughter and I walked into harvest cafe to try out their breakfast.The staff was extremely efficient and very accommodating towards my daughters love of bacon, substituting ALL the sides that came with the French toast to ONLY BACON with no issues :)I ordered the country steak and over medium eggs, the most perfectly cooked eggs I think I may have ever had in a breakfast establishment, my steak was juicy & crisp, the sausage gravy could of used a little more seasoning.Wish they had some more unique menu items, but thinking they cater to the 'older' patrons that were seated in the restaurant.We will definitely be back!
3	I've enjoyed many a 'last minute' out to dinner at Harvest Cafe in the past 3 years. The Tilapia dinner is always tasty as are the Steak or Chicken Caesar salads.
1	My wife have been there many times. The food just keeps getting worse. We had steaks tonight one was okay but the other was 80% fat and gristle. The part I was able to cut out was was so tough I could not eat it. The salad was old and bitter. There is no pride in there food anymore. We will never go back for lunch or dinner.
4	I have only been here for breakfast( they serve it all day). This place could use a little more of an update inside,but it's always clean.This is a gem! This is a family owned business with homemade food.The breakfast burritos are the best I have ever had.The prices are also very affordable.I think I spent around 9 dollars for my breakfast
3	It was just ok. I needed a break from the typical fast food place and ran into this spot. It's barely noticeable from the parking lot and is next door to a dry cleaners. The interior was very clean, but horribly outdated. I was expecting oranges and yellows with deep pomegranate colors, but instead found back metal and emerald green. The food was a tad more expensive than Dennys or iHop and moderately appetizing. There was only one waitress and another gentleman who appeared to be a waiter/cook/bus-boy. There was one older couple when we arrived and a family of four walked in when I did. It was the first time both myself and that family of four had ever been there and I suspect it'll be the last for both as well.
2	This is my second time visiting this place but this one was a Togo order. I sat and drank coffee while I waited for my order. Decor: None! This place need a major face lift. I walk into this place and immediately feel dirty. Dingy, stagnant and dark come to mind. The carpet looks so dirty, the chairs are awful. Esthetically this place looks like they got started with ideas and then checked their bank account and got an allowance to the 99 cent store. This place really needs a major overhaul and TLC. Food:I had the pot roast sandwich and fries. I also ordered a full chef salad to go with avocado. The salad was blah. It had maybe half a boiled egg, less than an ounce of turkey and ham combined. The avocado side I got was just literally one slice cut in half to appear bigger and brown,Wth?! Tomatoes where so soggy it was disgusting.  The positive side Fries are so good! Crispy, perfectly seasoned, ranch dressing is great. The pot roast sandwich was good needed a little bit more salt but that's easily fixed. I really hope the owners give this place the much TLC it needs.
5	Awesome service and great food definitely coming back hash browns are some of the best in town
5	This is my go to spot for omelettes. They stack it! Couple times a week. Great after a night out too . good service and portions are right.
4	This is a family owned business and they make almost everything from scratch.The breakfast burritos were the best I ever had.Prices are also very reasonable.The place could use an update though
5	My husband and I had breakfast here. It was good food, clean atmosphere. Prices resonsible and  short wait time for the food and check. Waitress was pleasent. We enjoyed our visit and will be visiting again. It is a small business but worth a visit.
4	Came in for breakfast. We didn't even realize this place was here. Quite and cozy atmosphere. My hubby was happy they had a big screen tv across from our table. He ordered country fried steak and eggs and I got corned beef hash and eggs. Their gravy is really nice. Not sure I would order corned beef again as it comes from a can. Really prefer homemade. It was still good thought. My hubby's fried steak was huge. He couldn't finish his breakfast. We will be back again to try other items off the menu.
5	Ive been here several times, the first time by accident since it is a little hidden, breakfast was delicious, I got the Ranchero Eggs. Customer Service was great, very friendly staff and very attentive to your needs. They make you feel very comfortable I highly recommend this place :)Coffee is really good too!
2	What a complete and utter disappointment. I thought this would be a quaint mom and pop restaurant, I was wrong. We got there and it was seat yourself. No biggie. We sat down and a lady brought 3 menus (there were 4 of us). They took our drink order. When they came back with the drinks we tried to order our appetizer but we were told that the waitress would be with us shortly. Then a male arrived at the table so we placed our appetizer order. Then another female came to take our order. It took at least 45 minutes between sitting down and ordering. Our food then took another 45 minutes to be prepared. Our appetizer tasted like the frozen ones from Costco and was a mess. My husbands pot roast sandwich lacked flavor, my mother in law had to ask for extra condiments to give her frisco burger flavor. My daughters bacon was burnt while her eggs were under cooked. Finally my burger was just so so. I only ate half and gave the other half to my husband since he refused to eat his food. We ended up taking the food home to the animals.
