5	I am quite happy to of found an Air Conditioning company that is not trying to rip you off!  I have had a few experience's with different ones and they are always trying to up sell you and then they never properly fix what they came there for in the first place.               I was lucky enough to find this company,they came the same day called(within hours) on a day that was 100 degrees! They fixed everything better than i had hoped for in record time.  Then the bill was fully reasonable. This is unheard in the air conditioning trade!!!       In a sea of con artists this is who you should call. 480-968-5652
5	I was having Air conditioning problems for the last 2 weeks. Since it has been so hot i think that it put too much strain on the unit.I called Bruce's on a recommendation. They came the very next day.I did not have an emergancy,i just needed it to run fully well. So the tec came the next day , right on time i may add. He had the problem fixed in no time, with just a $69.99 service fee. That was 2 weeks ago and it is still running perfectly. Isn't that what we all want, the Air company to come auickly, fix the problem and not charge too much!Bruce's is just that!  Thank you!
5	I have used Bruce's for over a decade to service both my home and my rental properties.  They are timely, professional and reasonably priced.  I especially appreciate that I can trust them to follow my directions in dealing with tenant issues.
5	Integrity!  Not a word that you hear often associated with a business but, Bruces definately has it!I've used them for years, they came out to fix the ac on a very old machine, the tech told me he could fix it and it could last a few years or I could get a new one.  I asked what he would do and he said fix it. And he was right it lasted a few more years.This year I bought a new unit from them and I noticed the heat wasn't working.  I called on New Year's Eve and he was going to send someone right out but I was at work, I asked if they could come Wed after 4:30, a very nice guy showed up at 5, installed a different thermostat, fixed what was wrong and it didn't cost me a cent.  They are awesome!
5	I just want to say I had an issue with the heat a few months ago, they came out the same day to fix it, I just tried to turn my ac on and it's not working, so I left a message and got a call back in 5 minutes, they will be coming when I get off work.  They are the best!  I highly recommend.
5	Bruce's Air was recommended to me by our property manager. They completed  tune-up's on my rental homes - did a great job! I would recommend Bruce's Air to anyone - they are fair and honest.  Thank you Bruce's Air
5	They did a great job. I called to make an appointment and they were out the next morning. I think the serviceman's name was Gabe, but very nice and professional, and even brought to my attention that we had rodent droppings in the attic! Need to call an exterminator now...I would highly recommend them. They are fast, dependable, and their rates are good and competitive with any other company out there. Choose a good one!!!
5	I've called Bruce's three times for 3 flip houses I've done in the last year.  Each time, a tech came out the same day at the appointed time and did the job requested without attemnpting to up-sell me on anything.  Highly recommended.
