3	3 1/2 starsIf I may I'd like to begin using a new phrase: Hole-In-The-Strip-MallThese are little hole-in-the-wall establishments -- no,... joints -- that come in and set up shop in an empty pad at a strip mall without really remodeling beyond cleaning up a bit and hanging some thing on the walls.Tasty House is a brand spanking new Hole-In-The-Strip-Mall occupying the carcass formerly known as Panda King Express at about 15th Avenue on Bell Rd in the glorious NoPho wastelands.They offered a quick, friendly greeting and a huge menu of fresh-cooked ameri-chino fast food.  A large selection of Lunch Specials for $4.95 caught my eye, coming with your choice of steamed or fried rice, and choice of egg roll, drink, or soup (choice of egg drop, hot&sour, or wonton).Get the idea there are lots of choices here?  This is no terriyaki bowl assembly line; they've got just about every imaginable combination of vegetables, tofu, chicken, pork, beef, shrimp, and even offer Duck.I sat and she brought out the food after several minutes, hot and steamy.  The plate had a scoop of rice in a corner, and the rest was FILLED with my General Tso's Chicken -- seriously a ratio of about 80% meat.  She said that if I wanted any more rice or soup to just let her know.    8^ )   Great service!My first experience with the new Tasty House was tasty, indeed.  I believe the wonton soup was about tops that I've had, with no skimping on wonton, meat, onion/scallion bits, or especially flavor.I let them know that since they offer plenty of choices for non-spicy chicken (S&S, lemon, orange, pineapple) that they could notch up the spiciness on their General Tso's a bit.I will return to Tasty House, despite their bleak location, whether they pretty it up or not.  As long as the quality, portions, and flavor I had remain consistent this could become a four star regular cheap lunch for me, but if they did pretty up the digs, I'm sure a lot of others would feel that way, too.
4	A hole in the wall Chinese fast food spot with some "tasty" options. Tofu dishes for veggie heads too!Ryan C described this place perfectly, so check out his review ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/tasty-house-chinese-restaurant-phoenix#hrid:dPH4TU9Ys-04gmbkYPj5Yg ) to get a good picture of what this place is like.I dropped in for lunch today and was also impressed by the $5 lunch specials. Unfortunately, they had zero tofu dishes available on the lunch special menu (there are 3 or so tofu dishes on the dinner menu). I inquired about this fact and they hooked me up with a custom tofu dish lunch special deal! Now that's good customer service!I got the tofu with vegetables dish, which is some tasty thinly sliced tofu, deep fried and doused in a ameri-chino sauce. A selection of vegetables is also tossed in, with white rice and a veggie eggroll finishing off the dish. All this for $5.XX! Noice!I really dug their tofu dish and the low prices. I'll be back to try their other offerings.
3	Being new to this area, and not completely moved in we have the opportunity to try out many locations for eating out this month. We typically do not like to visit the "corporate" locations, and go for mom and pop type restaurants. We found this place on Yelp and thought we would give it a try.While their website is not the most up to date or the greatest, they do have an online menu which is great because many Chinese or Japanese type restaurants do not have an online menu. We ordered (easy) and we were told it would be delivered in 45 minutes. This was on a Friday night so we were pretty excited with the delivery time.Food was here within an hour which was still good for a Friday night. We ordered honey chicken with white rice, Chicken Lo Mein, Chicken Fried Rice, Egg Drop Soup, crab and cream cheese wantons, one Pork Egg roll,  and free with our order from an online coupon was Sweet and Sour Chicken.When our food arrived, they had forgot the white rice. When we called they were very nice about it and said they were so busy that it would be an hour before they could get some back to us. They did give us a free order for the next time we order from them.Honey chicken- Good but needed rice with it. (would not order again)Chicken Lo Mein - Husband said it was just okChicken Fried Rice- I loved it! Was very good! Egg Drop Soup- My son said it was his favorite, my husband said it was alright (not as good as PF Changs)Crab and cream cheese wantons- I had only one, they were too cream cheesy for meone Pork Egg roll- husband said it was okSweet and Sour chicken- My son liked dipping it in the sauce, again would have been better with the rice.I liked the restaurant and that they delivered quickly. My husband said he was not that impressed with the food. It was CHEAP and good for the price and delivery. I will eat there again (especially since I have a free dish from there!)!
2	This place is for the adventurous folk. It is not very clean and the service fluctuate from average to poor. They served a very generous portion but I rather that it be taste good than big. The hot & sour soup tasted like it is been simmering on a hot plate for a while and the soup is watery.
3	I came home from work the other day and I found a pamphlet hanging on my door from a new local restaurant called "The Tasty House"Their menu is very impressive.  They have a very large selection on there all separated into appropriate categories which make it easy to read.  "Chicken" "Chow-Mein and Lo-Mein, Seafood" etc.  As I browsed the menu and looked over at the prices, I really was interested...but alas, the Tasty House would have to wait.Several weeks later and a lot of convincing later -- I finally managed to visit the Tasty House on a warm Saturday afternoon (11/6/2010) for lunch and here are my impressions:Location:From where *I* live, the location is perfect.  Located in the "hole-in-the-wall" area of around 15th Ave. and Bell Rd. it's only about 5 minutes from my house, but I digress.  The Tasty House really is a small hole in the wall business.  I really enjoy these types of places and my wife and I secretly search for these "gems" and try desperately to discover something we can rave about and enjoy eating for years to come.Interior / Ambiance:This leaves a little bit to be desired.  But...understandably.  You don't look at a menu and see an entire pint of egg flower soup for $2.50 and expect the interior to be "top notch" -- and I will level with everyone when I say it's kind of a dive.  The chairs and tables are very beautiful and brand new, but the walls, ceiling, floor, and ambiance is that of an old beat down used up building with some generic Chinese wall-hangs attempting to give some decor to the otherwise plain walls.  Hopefully they can make some money and they can spice it up -- it could really be a delicious intimate restaurant.The Service:Here is where they got knocked an entire star.  Don't get me wrong:  I appreciate that people could be at work tired, maybe they are not feeling well, maybe they are just having a "Bad Day" but my wife and I are an up-beat young couple and we walked into the Tasty House with high hopes to get some delicious Chinese food....We were not greeted.  No one said Hello.  In fact, let me paint a picture of what we saw:  Nothing.  The entire place looked empty, except for a teenage Chinese boy who had on a pair of headphones and looked like he was actually sleeping in the corner while reading the paper.  Our guess is that he was a delivery guy and he had no orders so he was resting.  Sounds fine to us.After a few minutes the beautiful young girl came to greet us and take our order.  Rather than try and re-create her attitude via text in a written review, I will simply say that she was NOT happy to be there, and she did not seem happy serving us or taking our order.  That's all I will say -- she could have smiled, once, or at least been happy to give us our food or *something* -- I actually felt BAD for her.  I wanted to help her, like maybe she was ringing people up under gunpoint or she was secretly some type of a waitress hostage.  We didn't really tip, but it wasn't really a "wait on us" situation...The Food:The food was amazing.  I ordered the spicy Szechuan chicken with steamed rice and an egg roll.  My wife ordered the sesame chicken with steamed rice and an egg roll.  We both drank water so it only cost us $10.88 -- seriously.  For lunch.  In Phoenix.  VERY good value.After a few moments the unhappy girl delivered to our table the most delicious spicy chicken szechuan piled high with delicious crisp vegetables.  I loved every bite.  The Egg roll was nuclear hot and went well with the complimentary sweet and sour sauce and duck sauce.My wife's Sesame chicken was also very delicious -- although she says it had too much sauce on it, but she tends to like things bland.  It had a great mix of savory and sweet delicious flavor and seemed perfect to me.The Price:$10.88 for two people for lunch is great, especially with the portions and how delicious is was.  Well worth it, and I highly recommend it to people for lunch or even dinner (dinner prices are about 2-6 more, depending on what you order)... so you could get out of there for probably $14-18 for dinner.The Verdict: I would definitely give Tasty House another try.  The food was good enough and delicious and the price was right for me to investigate this as another option.  My only change:  I am going to do Take Out so I just have to pick it up, pay,and go home to eat it.
4	Tasty House has 4 reviews -- two of which have been chosen as ROTD on separate occasions.They may have gotten lucky with the infamous yelp algorithm, but they really do deserve it.4.5 stars   ( even for a Hole-In-The-Strip-Mall )The quality, portion, and price all combine together in a trifecta of value.They are really friendly, ingredients are always fresh, and the food really is tasty!Fried/Steamed dumplings is a new favorite.  They are thicker and more doughy, like dim sum -- and delicious!
2	At 1 P.M. on a Tuesday, I was greeted just inside the front door by the remnants of a previous diner's lunch, which didn't have quite the same appeal as those rubber food replicas formerly displayed by Japanese restaurants in more cosmopolitan cities.   Making my way past clean but empty tables and booths to the counter, I was almost greeted by the woman seated there who was shelling and munching what looked like black beans while watching Chinese soaps online. It used to be just a radio; isn't tech grand? Except, of course, when it coughs up 70 MILLION sets of personal information to hackers.I say "almost greeted" because as she looked up with a  half-smile to acknowledge me, my attention was diverted by the appearance of who I'll assume was the designated order taker. She offered a similar warmth and was extremely efficient in taking my pre-considered menu choice. Good Service-Check. Good vibe-Check.   With my lunch special take-away in hand in less than 5 minutes, things were off to a great start, and  with the spicy aroma filling the cab of the trusty Ranger pickup,my expectations were in line with the reviews I'd read.   My litmus test for valley Chinese is Pork with Garlic Sauce, although, in order to avoid any "no substitution" controversy, I went with the chicken, as shown on the chicken-heavy menu. (limited lunch special version)    In the 90's, it was Hong Kong Gourmet House on McDowell, with their garlic sauce being dark,complex,rich, and delicious; amid rave reviews by co-workers I'd favored with a taste.   Tasty House, you missed the mark by a mile. While the veggies were indeed truly fresh and colorful and generous, where was the "Tasty"? The spicy aroma I mentioned earlier had departed completely, as though it had been sprayed inside the bag for effect. Everything, including the frighteningly pale chicken, was steamed, not seeing a wok at all, where the melding of flavors is supposed to occur.   Yes, you have a selection of steamed offerings, but that's not what I ordered or expected. Where is the sear on the chick? Where is the tender-crisp to the veggies, instead of the" 3 seconds past raw" you presented?  Add to that a weak,sweet, uninspired "garlic sauce" acting as merely an overlay, rather than a component of a whole, and you just lost me. The red pepper flakes showing in the thin sauce failed to merit the "Hot" designation on the menu.   The Pork Fried Rice had all the right ingredients but was dry and devoid of the smoky infusion only a properly hot wok can impart.   Based on previous reviews, I'd guess Tasty House can put out some satisfactory dishes. And yes, everything was notably fresh. I'm just tired of having to make concessions to people I'm giving my money to.   Quality,portion, price - all good   Correct preparation, inspirational sauces - not this time.
4	What the heck? I have not written a review for this place yet? WOW! I will say this is my go to place for Chinese food when I am craving it and not wanting to drive to one of my favorite spots especially since it is less than 5 mins away from my house. I was CRAVING some chinese last night so I decided to order some pork Lo Mein, crab and cheese wontons and hot and sour soup. OMG, that was the best Lo Mein I have had in a long time. Either that or I was seriously hungry which I wasn't. I ended up eating all of it was is very unusual for me. I was saving the hot and sour soup to have for dinner to day and I must say I was slightly disappointed as I tasted it and it was not as spicy as I would have liked. I order this soup extra spicy all the time, especially when I am not feeling well. So I had to doctor it up in the hopes that it will be nice and spicy for me later. If you are in the area, give this place a try. I seriously do enjoy the food here and the girls are always nice to me. Next time I will order in person (for my hot and sour soup at least) so that they it is me (they always laugh when I order it extra, extra, spicy) but hey it is a great cure for colds!
3	Let me begin by saying this was some tasty food.  It was fresh, seasoned perfectly and well prepared.  The veggies were clean and crisp, the sauces did not seem as though they were dumped out of some open jars, and the flavors were bright.  (You cannot fake quality food)  We ordered the pot stickers, sesame chicken and egg foo young.  Delicious.   So why the 3 stars?The place was gross.  I mean REALLY gross.  I actually wanted to hose down the booth before we sat down.  The table was sticky, there was day-old food on the floor, the overhead lights were burned out and there was crap falling off the ceiling.  You could tell this used to be a smoking establishment because nicotine was seeping out from under the paint.  There was a ladder laying against the booths on the other side of the room that blocked anyone from sitting in that entire section.  (Good thing it was dead in there)   The only reason this place gets 3 stars is that the food was worth the chance of catching typhoid from eating in the dining room.Try at your own risk.
3	Place is typical of what you will find for a mom and pop Chinese restaurant.  Went here for lunch and it's probably the cheapest lunch I've ever had at a little over $4 so a star for that.  The food came out piping hot and it was quite tasty so another 2 stars.  I felt the customer service was not all there.  The girl that helped me seemed bothered or annoyed by me.  Would I come back here?  Probably not.  As much as i loved how affordable lunch was,  you get what you paid for and you don't get a whole lot of food.  I liked this place better as its predecessor,  panda king.
1	The lady on the phone was rude when I called in and seemed like I was bothering her from her oh so busy evening at work. I ordered food for delivery and they told me about 50 to 55 minutes... Then the idiot driver kept trying to ring the doorbell.. He didn't bother knocking but called me 3 times... Umm hello? Ever hear of knocking??? When he finally knocked I got the door-- and then he tried to ring the doorbell again. RUDE!!!! I have a baby so I disconnected the doorbell.. I don't need idiots ringing the doorbell and waking her up. The food was horrible. I ordered the sesame chicken with pork fried rice, 2 vegetable rolls, the pork filled wontons, and pineapple chicken. The entrees were really, and I mean REALLY bland... The rice was absolutely disgusting... At least the appetizers were decent. I asked if they had regular wontons, without the crab and they told me no... Do they not make it fresh????? For me, being Caucasian, I make WAY better Chinese food than this supposed authentic restaurant... Will NEVER be going there again.
4	Old school hole in the wall Chinese restaurant. I have been here now dozen times. Always fresh and hot. Good portion sizes and dishes that are battered or breaded are never over breaded or soggy. The younger girl who is usually up front is a little rude but I think it's her age. The more times I have been there the friendlier she has become. Dinning area is clean but cluttered with junk and 2 litter sodas. If it was for the decor and the girl I'd give this place a 5.
1	Very disappointed. I've recently moved to Phoenix from So. Cal. and was really missing some good Chinese Food. This place is right next door so we thought we would try it out. They deliver, so that was pretty convenient, but my food was disgusting. I ordered orange chicken, pretty basic, if a Chinese food joint and can't make good orange chicken, I doubt any of the other dishes are any good. The sauce on my chicken was neon orange, almost glowing. It was just disgusting. Too Sweet, slimy and just gross.
4	I just ordered food for delivery online.  the website was easy to use and prices are fair. delivery charge is $2 and with one entree and two sides the bill was less that $20 and fed me and my boyfriend with some leftovers in the fridge for later! i got the orange chicken and ordered it medium spicy.  next time i will absolutely go hot.  the taste is good and sweet but not spicy at all.  i will also ask for the chicken to be cooked a little longer, as a personal preference.  i got 2 spring rolls which are tasty and the crab puffs.  the crab puffs come in a generous portion and there is a lot of meat inside each one with a great taste to it.  I was unhappy with the bread on the outside however, it seemed more chewy and hard than the nice crunch that i was after.  The order came correct, on time, and hot with all of the condiments requested.  I wouldn't get the crab puffs again but i will try some other items from the menu.
1	I wish I could say that Tasty House was both tasty and delicious but sadly, I didn't even get to eat my meal.We place a delivery order via phone at 6:30 and they told us 40-50 mins....no big deal. At 7:30, the driver called because he was lost.  I gave him the gate code and he said he was okay.Fast forward a bit, after over 15 phone calls between me, the driver and the restaurant, it is now 8pm and we still don't have our food.  The driver is clearly lost, I have no idea where he is and since he doesn't speak very good English, he has no way to tell me where he is.  I called the restaurant to let them know that he's very lost and at this point we just want to cancel our order, get a refund and go somewhere else.  The man on the phone kept telling me to "hold on" so he could contact the driver and kept insisting he was "5 mins" away.  At this point, our food would have been so cold it wouldn't have mattered.After I finally told him I didn't want to wait anymore and just wanted a refund, he told me I would have to wait for a delivery drive to bring me cash back...apparently he didn't know how to configure a refund.We ended up driving out of our way to go and get the cash back because we didn't want to deal with the charge back.Turns out they had entered my address incorrectly into their system which is why the driver was completely lost...although I had repeated my address several times and never heard them admit an error.I would never recommend this restaurant to anyone and I have never had such a poor experience as I have had tonight.
5	The food is very tasty like the sesame chicken sweet and sour chicken all my favorite. Good thing is they deliver to your home.
3	at a coworkers recommendation, stopped in for lunch an will say not the worst, but was clean, very empty, no other customers.will not return
5	Wow! Very impressed!  I just moved to a new apartment recently and took a chance on this place for delivery.  I used the online order option and was quoted 45 - 60 minutes for delivery.  My order arrived in less than 30 minutes, hot, and delicious!  I order sweet and sour shrimp, crab puffs and shrimp fried rice.  The order before the tip was $20 and well worth it since it was easily enough for 2 people!  The shrimp was packaged separate from the sauce so it wasn't soggy and the crab puffs are the best.  Will definitely stay with this option!
1	Well i give them one star - didn't get my order delivered because "I live to far". They took the order and knew the address, it's within the boundaries of their menu delivery map. But would you believe she called me back 15 minutes later and said - oh i check GPS you too far you come pick up order. If i wanted a carry out I would of ordered it and picked it up. I ordered for delivery. Really?  Obviously she didn't care when she hung up on me. Pass - have had carryout before and can't say it was great - shame - another one bites the dust.
1	Would you like your chow mein to look nothing like chow mein? Would you like to have zero noodles in your chow mein but actually receive a small white bag of things that look similar to capt. crunch instead? Oh then this is place for you. If you'd like actual chow mein look elsewhere. This has been the weirdest customer service experience of my life. I called after I received my order, which was like..40 minutes later and I live right behind them...like seriously I can jump a wall, walk about 30 feet and there I am. Anyway, that wasn't a big deal I figured it would be that long. I call back after I opened this and saw what I had received. Also, ordered were spring rolls which were not crispy and oily enough where I needed to wash my hands after touching them. I told them this, and they told me that is how their chow mein is.....and I told them I was massively unsatisfied and I wanted a refund. They then told me to come down there and bring the food back. As pissed as I was, this was the last thing I was concerned about. I was then called back by one of the workers stating that they would not give me a refund because I should have known that they make Chow Mein without actual noodles referring to the menu which says "crispy noodles"....except there were no noodles....just a white bag of weird small pieces of something they are saying are noodles. I then get into a yelling match with them, let them know they will be taking it back and I'll be there in 5 minutes. I came in there, returned the food and they handed me my money back, I returned the tip for the delivery driver since its completely not his fault that they aren't actually service chow mein. One girl at the front told me "I needed to calm down, and that if I have illness I should be in a hospital." after that I will never ever order from them again. The ordeal of this entire thing is enough to not only keep me from returning but I will tell everyone I know in this area about it. I would vote them a negative star if I could. The only small amount of customer service in the place is the owner who called me later on and apologized. Unfortunately there was a serious language barrier so I'm not sure he understood what had happened other than a customer was majorly pissed.
1	I would give this place no stars if I could. The one star would be for friendly telephone service when I called to try them out for delivery! And they found my place even though it can be a little confusing to find. Other than that - with regards to food (what really matters) it is pretty bad. I ordered the pork filled fried wontons, the chicken chow mein and the mongollian beef. The wontons were super greasy. The chow mein was a big soggy bland pile of mostly cabbage and chicken. The "noodles" were fried won-ton like - not like standard chow mein noodles. When I ordered the guy said that's how it was but I guess I didn't really think about it and thought I'd give it a try.  The mongollian beef was a disaster too - mostly bamboo (I think) and you had to really dig to find the beef. And then, the beef was bland without the rich flavorful sauce that is typical. It was all severely disappointing - even the  fortune cookie tasted like plastic/chemicals. The only thing I ate was the white rice and a few wontons (cause I was really hungry). The rest pretty much went in the garbage disposal!!! What a waste of $24!!!!!Do not give this place a try!!!!
1	I have ordered from here twice. First time was our first night in Arizona; my boyfriend and I were tired, starving, and smelly. I ordered the sesame chicken dinner special and crab puffs. Boy, they both hit the spot and it all was the right amount of food--not too much, not too little.The second time I ordered the same thing, but the quality sucked. The breading was soggy, and the container was barely full. Also the eggrolls are nasty but they gave me one instead of the drink that I asked for on the phone. When I asked, "may I have my drink?" the girl (who didn't take the order) said, "You can only have an eggroll or a drink. You got an eggroll" *points to bag*. And that was that.  I'm not going back except in a time of desperation or intoxication.
5	Over last 6 moths had their food 8-9 times and always no complaints. On delivery always laugh they say 45 minutes and they show up 20-25 minutes later. Good food not bad price only wish they could make something spicy enough for me.
1	Having experienced the no-so-cleanly interior of the restaurant, plus the less-than-stellar quality of the food, I fully expect to have food poising tomorrow morning.  The food is tasteless.  I spent a good 5 minutes trying to figure out what caused the dark brown / black spots on my General Tso's.  The chicken lo mein included some sort of wilt-y, leaf-y (not-so) green veggie.  This was... not good.
5	The food and delivery here are very good!!  I didn't buy into some of the 1-star reviews here and glad I didn't!  The food and service here is very good!  Delivery time was 22 minutes.  Food is hot and tasty.  My boys and I ordered Sweet n Sour Chicken, Shrimp with snow peas, and Gen. Tso's Chicken.  All were excellent!We have no connection with this place, just a real customer who wants to give nearby small businesses a chance... in spite of the many dubious 1-star ratings here.  Don't let the rating scare you.  Someone (probably another nearby Chinese delivery joint) is wrongfully trying to bash it.
1	I have order from this restaurant quite a bit since moving to this section of Phoenix.  However after this last order this will be my last order, unless I am desperate or intoxicated.  Why? Because when I called back to inform the restaurant that the order was wrong, the gentlemen that answered the phone lectured me on how to order. Then the delivery person that brought my corrected order back to my home continued to lecture me also, this is no way to treat a customer or to ensure repeat patronage.  So, I'm done with "Tasty House" and have a nice day.
5	We have loved this place for years! I have never had a bad meal. I'm surprised at so many 1* reviews.
1	Really shitty place. Takes forever. Just bought 10$ worth of food. I ask for water. The lady says one dollar. I give her my card, Samar card I just bought my food with, and she says no. She said I have to spend 5 dollars min. This bitch.
1	Ordered a dish specifically without mushrooms because I am allergic.  I called the restaurant to try and rectify the situation and they told me they refuse to do anything about it, and that I've just wasted my money, and then they hung up on me.  I proceeded to call back and they hung up on me 3 more times.  I do not recommend this place to anyone.  They stole my money, and they will not fix anything if you have an issue with your order.  Absolutely horrid customer service.  The worst customer service I have ever received from a restaurant and that's saying a lot.  The owner used racial slurs in referring to me as 'white devil muddafakka;
4	I like this place because you can order online and the food is good.  No filler vegetables in the won ton soup and General Tso's chicken was delicious.
2	The search to find a place that even compares to our favorite, Grand Dragon, continues. Tasty house just doesn't measure up, the Kung pao is flavorless, the egg rolls are just blah and the dumplings greasy. Another one bites the dust.
4	I order here quite often, the food is good and cheap and the delivery is always on time or earlier! I love the egg drop soup, and crab puffs. The delivery guy forgot my side of rice and they gave me a small soup instead of a large, but when I called they appoloized and 15 min later dropped off my missing items, no problem. Definitely a great place for when you don't have time to cook and want something hassle free!
5	Service was great when I called in a delivery order. I was able to understand the girl on the other side of the phone much better than when I normally call a decent Asian food place. Much appreciated.  Food got here in 30 minutes instead of 45. Orange chicken was tasty & crispy. Subgum wonton soup broth is slightly bland but perfect after I added a lil rooster sauce &  is full of veggies & wonton & chicken n pork n shrimp. Very satisfying. We got adventurous & ordered the veggie chow mein fun. It's delicious!  Perfectly tasty. Not salty or bland & veggies cooked barely tender. I really enjoyed this meal
