3	There are many things in this old railway station. There is an amphitheater for summer concerts, A Shearton Hotel, Hard Rock Cafe, Houlighan's, the old Grand stations with banquet, restaurant and bar, Just under a tunnel is a few more restaurants and nightlife, The square also has many little shops that you see when in the tourist trap. It's a nice indoor place. It wasn't too crowded. The shops were of the knick knack - tobacca, candy, ice cream, sports, candles, soaps, trinkets and an Irish import store. It is just on the southside of the Alleghany River(new to Pitt? Your first test which river of 3). There is a lightrail stop at the fartherst Eastend.  It is also a nice walk back to downtown.
5	Yeah, it's kind of touristy, but I'll admit that I love Station Square.  There is always something going on here.  My husband the train fan loves to sit along the CSXT Railway tracks and watch the frieght trains go by.  Some of my favorite stores include Hometown Sports, where you can get that sports fan anything Pittsburgh-related.  Morini features Italian-themed wear, although they used to have automotive wear too.  Pennsylvania Wine Cellars is a good place to find local wines for the wine-enthusiast in your life.  And SW Randall's is a classic toy shop.They have since built-up Bessemer Court with all of the famous chain restaurants, but if you can eat there in your hometown, why eat them when you're visiting?  I love Sesame Inn for its wonderful Chinese Cuisine and the Melting Pot is famous for its cheese fondues.Oh, and my husband loves the clothes at Heinz Healy's.
3	Very touristy, but hey I came to Pittsburgh as a tourist so its ok. Station square is situated right on the river so the views are nice and the breeze is cool. Brief overview: Station square has several bars, restaurants, marina, comedy club, 1 hotel, duck tours and some shops. Beware if you are a night owl all of the bars in Pittsburgh close at 2am (insane) Overall Station Square is somewhere to go at least once while in Pittsburgh.
4	In honor of the Steelers winning their sixth Super Bowl, and for my own getting-nostalgic-about-Pittsburgh purposes, I'll write a bit about Station Square. This is where you would take tourists in Pittsburgh, if Pittsburgh ever warranted tourists. But what's interesting about it is that it's still attractive to locals. Unexpected, but true.Why is that?Because it has everything a local yinzer might want from a "night out on the 'tahn." By day, it's a family friendly shopping center, with plenty of shops selling mediocre products, a great Steelers store (so you can buy your baby's first Terrible Towel), an outpost of Dave and Andy's awesome ice cream, and a view of the actually impressive skyline, right off the Mon (monangahela) river. By night, it's got everything else you need - Bars (Louie, Hard Rock, and Hooters), Restaurants (the Grand Concourse is an awesome historic place - an old train station), and a comedy club. It's also got great public transit if you take the T or the PAT buses, or even the inclines.On a rare sunny day, Station Square really gives you a sense of Pittsburgh's soul. Simple, blue-collar, and kinda great.
1	What are people thinking when they design/come-up with places like this?  I have been to Station Square several times and I have been disoriented each of those times.  A design shouldn't make you feel like you are lost at every turn.  It shouldn't make you feel like you have no idea where you are.  It's no wonder that the place is not filled with business nor with people.  Steps that need to be taken to make this place better:1. Think about the circulation.  It is very bad.  You can play with surprise in the design, but you need to leave people a tether back to a safe or known place.  Right now there is no tether.  There is nothing worse than feeling disoriented in a building.2. Ingress and egress is so difficult to find for Station Square.  It should be utterly obvious  the difference between a mall entrance and store or restaurant entrance.  If it is not obvious, then people will feel tricked.  Leave the Easter Egg hunts for Easter.3. This has been set-up as a tourist destination.  That is fine, but you need to make certain you have enough tourists to keep all the business afloat.  With only one hotel to easily feed an entire complex with tourists, something tells me that someone just threw this design together a tad to hastily.  When a Starbucks pulls out due to lack of business, that is saying something.  Bring in more items for locals and rethink the business strategy here.This is one of the worst designs for a waterfront that I have ever seen.  At least the waterfront in Homestead gives ample parking and retail that the locals actually want to use.  Station Square needs to be reformatted.
2	I hate going out here. One time I burned my mouth on a hotdog outside The Matrix on New Years and it hurt to live for weeks. If you're lucky, you'll see a group of tourists on a segway tour. Dig the bike helmets! Anyway, more to the point, if you like crowds, chains and vapid nightlife, Station Square is your place. If you want to experience Pittsburgh, you'll have to venture beyond this tourist trap.
3	It's a little mall with local stores and restaurants.  It's a cool restored train depot.  I wouldn't go out of my way to shop here, but it's close to the Sheraton, so you can walk here when you need to eat or get out from the conference you may be attending.  No free parking, so be prepared to pay.
3	There's two sides to Station Square.  It's almost like Jekyll and Hyde. During the day it's all sunshine and puppy dogs with families running around to the various restaurants and shops inside the "mall.". Then when it turns dark the creatures of the night come out to freak nasty at da club! There's no denying it's a total tourist trap during the day.  You're definitely not going to get a unique Pittsburgh dinning experience considering all of the restaurants are chains. I'm not gonna lie, I've visited most of them so I can't hate too much.  You've got Bucca's, Joe's Crabshack, Melting Pot...although I do have a soft spot for that place....mmmm choco fondue.The "mall" part is....just....weird.  There's a rando mix of country bumpkin craft stores, a toy store and about a million trillion Steelers sports stores.  I put "mall" in quotations because a long long time ago it used to have legit shopping.  Now it's just...a wasteland.  It's one of those places that has SO MUCH potential, but doesn't quite cut it.  I'm sighing right now, van you tell? When I think of Station Square, I think of the down and dirty club zone. Of course it's like any normal club areas.  There's not one club that's been there more than a couple years.  A lot of them turn over to the next one.  Different theme, same bump and grind.I was partial to Matrix, but sadly it closed.  I think I knew it was the end of an era when my shoes starting sticking to the floors!  Now if I go down there I usually go to Buckheads.  It's a pretty casual bar/club that features a rotation of bar band and DJ.  The bands are always a crap shoot.  Sometimes I'm impressed with a rando 80's band, but sometimes a poor attempt at a Train song can make my ears bleed a little! One thing you can be assured is t's always a great place to see the Pittsburgh creepers come out to play!  Please keep a look out for Pittsburgh Pete.  You can find him breakin it down in the middle of the dance floor wearing his fashionable home made shirt that reads "Pittsburgh Pete, stop hatin'."  You can't get much better than that!
3	Station Square's shopping area has been in decline for years. Don't get me wrong- the venue is nice and there are some eclectic stores, but except for Hometown Sports, there is nor reason to go out of your way to visit. Plus, the Bradford school occupies about half of the main floor, and with it has brought an influx of students who are always lingering somewhere- not exactly the element you want when you're shopping. However, it might be worth taking a stroll through the shopping area to see the restored train station that is Station Square.With that said, there are great entertainment venues here. Buca di Beppo is always fun and you get served family style. The Grand Concourse is a true Pittsburgh gem, and make sure you go there for the Sunday brunch. Station Square is also home to the Melting Pot (gourmet fondue you cook at your table), Pittsburgh's Hard Rock Cafe, a Sesame Inn (Chinese), Kiko (Japanese sushi), Houlihann's, Buckhead Saloon (think country theme), Bar Louie, Joe's Crab Shack, the Gandy Dancer (casual food and bar), and Pittsburgh Rare (steakhouse located in the Sheraton Hotel.Station Square is also home to the Gateway Clipper Fleet, the riverboat tour company, and Just Ducky Tours, which is the WWII era boat truck tours. You can also get on the Duquesne and Monongahela inclines here. There's also the Amphitheater, although it hasn't been the same since its predecessor closed years ago. Finally, Station Square is home to a plethora of nightclubs which seem to change every year or so. They're hip and trendy (since they change so often), so you can have a good time and club jump to several venues in the same night.
5	There Is always something fun to do at Station Square! I really do like to hangout at Station Sq. No matter what group of friends you are with you can find something of interest. Eclectic spots like this are great to explore. The shops range from Pittsburgh merch to high end clothing. You can see concerts at the outdoor stage or intimate shows at the Hard Rock. Whether you like steak, Italian, sandwiches or yummy Chinese...Station Square has a place to go.
4	I'm downrating Station Square a little bit here.  It's always been a bit touristy but it's gotten more so over the years.  Sure there were some chains in there .  I remember the old Roy Rogers and Houlihan's has been a fixture here for many years.I remember when Bessemer Court was wide open and a pleasant place to spend an afternoon.  Now it's all overbuilt with franchised places like Buca di Beppo, Bar Louie, Hard Rock Cafe, Joe's Crab Shack, etc.  You know, except for Buca Di Beppo, I've never eaten at any of these!  Honestly, what's here that you can't get anyplace else?  I remember these antique railcars they had there that were converted into stores.  One sold jewelry, another sold glassware.  Oh but the one I remember the most sold Pittsburgh themed antiques.  I mean the place was a real museum of kitsch!  Seriously, if you were looking for Iron City Beer commemorative Steeler's cans from the 70s, they had them.  If you wanted Duquesne Incline salt shakers, they had them.My husband Rick also remembers the old days as well.  He remembers a hotdog place in the Freight House Shops that not only had great dogs, but also a ton of microbrews from all over Pennsylvania.  He remembers Heinz Healy's and a store that sold sportswear with the Jeep, Saab, Porsche, etc logos.  He also remembers sitting on the platform outside Bessemer Court, watching and photographing the freight trains rolling past.  But they still have the Grand Concourse Restaurant and Gandy Dancer Saloon, Sesame Inn, Kiku, and a few other local places, so I'll still give 'em four stars.
2	This is only a destination because of the prime restaurants that bring me downtown. The fountain show is neat to see at night, but other than that there isn't much to walk around a see while you're waiting for your dinner reservation. The indoor shops are very pieced together and not as trendy and interesting as they could be for the venue. Beware the open parking lot. The best thing I can find in me to say about them is that they are blatantly indifferent crooks. I've never been more insulted in my life and will never park in that lot again. The short story: as I was looking at the total due on-screen, the attendant was telling me a higher price. Self-tipping, theft, call it what you will - it's wrong. We called management and they were just as bad.
2	Now I know why this was featured on every travel site about Pittsburgh. It's what is known in the trade as "tourist trap." Surely Pittsburgh could have come up with a more original way to showcase its riverfront and the Clinton Furnace than importing Chicago's chains: Joe's Crab Shack, Bar Louie, Houlihan's. The only local restaurants were, unfortunately, closed during our visit, so we were forced to eat at the Hard Rock Cafe. What could we do? There was nothing around for at least a mile after we took the inclines. My children enjoyed the fountain, but I couldn't wait to leave.
3	Crickets chirp, chirp, chirp... Seems pretty touristy but I did find a candy shop with Mallo Cups! MMMMM , And a shop with a ton of Steeler Apparel.
4	Great part of Pittsburgh.  There are a few different price levels of resturants, but most of them are on the pricey side.  The fountain is a must see if you have never seen it.  Also, they have a giant Chirstmas tree up for the holidays!  CHECK IT OUT!
1	Our hotel had complimentary shuttle service to anywhere in the city so on our first night we hopped in and said "take us down to the strip district, we just want to find a restaurant."  He said "you don't want to go to the strip district, you want station square!"  Coming from a native who drives visitors to places for a living we could not ignore his advice so to Station Square we went.Station Square is like that really sad airport mall, where to get a lease you have to say you will keep your shop open 24 hours a day, even though you know that although planes are coming and going no one is really in the market for socks or clever shirts about the destination at 3 AM.  We went at 5 o'clock 27 days from Christmas and were the only people in the mall minus the people working at the stores.  I am not exaggerating.  It was sort of eerie.  Even the restaurants were completely empty.  We took the incline up and got a good look of the city at night.  Took the incline back down and called for a pick up. Surprised that we were returning to the hotel so soon the driver asked what happened.  "It just wasn't really what we were looking for,"  I said.  "Well what are you looking for then?"  The driver said.  "I don't know really, I think we are just going to go back and get our car out of the garage and drive around a bit.  I think we might catch a movie."  At this point he mentioned there was a new Twilight movie out and that, assuming we had seen the other ones so we wouldn't be lost, maybe we would enjoy it.  If he would have opened with this suggestion we would have known to not trust him.  So although that part of our night was a bust, I learned the valuable lesson to temper hotel worker restaurant and nightlife questions with movie recommendation follow-ups.
4	Remember going to the biggest sports bar I'd ever seen, was there in some warehouse back in the early nineties. HUGE AND HAPPENING. Not sure if it's still there but I remember liking it.Most friendly people in that city.
2	Station Square has gone way down in popularity since its opening back in the early 80's. Gone are the many quaint shops that made the square so popular. Much of the room inside the mall now is taken up by the Bradford school. Many of the popular restaurants have been replaced by chain nightclubs and food court style eateries. Gone are Noodles, the River Cafe, Cheese Cellar, Donzi's, and Juke's. There are still a few restaurants like the Grand Concourse and Houlihan's inside.
4	Station Square never fails to disappoint.  A great variety of restaurants, shopping, and nightlife.  I would highly recommend Buckhead Saloon, Barroom, and Saddle Ridge.  The new Beach Club, formerly Steel House is a joke.  When entering around midnight, there were a few fellas sitting at the bar.  Waited to get a drink, walked to the other side of the bar to find that the bartenders were chowing down a pizza and ignoring the fact that their job is to get us a drink.  At $6 a drink, that place will be out of business in no time!
3	The sister, nephew, and i drove here to take a duck boat tour. we had to park in the open lot allllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll the way at the end under a bridge. it was nice but i guess like others i was expecting more. I liked the fountain show. Basically, the only shops i saw in the mall area was an irish related items, hometown sports, and a coffee shop. as far as shops go, i was not impressed.  I wish some one would of opened a real souvenier shop. I found a shirt in the sports store but it was a little to small for the price for me to go ahead and buy it. all the touristy t-shirts they had only were for sizes small-xlarge. the fountain area was cool. i wish the sunglass place and the flip flop place were still open. just to have something to look at. but i know that looking does not pay the bills.the reataurants located in the actual station square area open at 11am. the ones located in the parking lot we parked in did not open until 9pm. yeah ok. go here if you want to take a duck tour, eat at Slammers, or if you want a great view of the city. it is a nice spot also if you would like to eat at one of the restaurants that have outdoor seating.  otherwise don't bother.
2	Honestly, the only reason I ever come in here is to use their bathroom.  So, the only reason the shops is even getting 2 stars is because they are kept relatively clean.  I cannot even tell you what shops are in this place.
4	This is a fun area. There are a good number of various types of restaurants represented although most are chains. Most have patios offering a water view and some with a fountain view which is cool. The fountain is a cool thing to see and since it does 3 about 8 minute shows an hour (:00, :20, :40) it's easy to catch one on your visit to SS. There is an indoor mall area which I'm guessing is probably overlooked. If you're looking for cheaper food there are food court options inside and some specialty stores and restrooms. This is also the meeting place for the the Ducky tours here... If you have a bike bing it - you can get on a riverfront path here. If you spend $50 in the stores (food and attractions and tours not included) you can get free parking.
2	As a launching point for your exploration of all Pittsburgh has to offer this place is OK.But just OK.  There are a few restaurants, a few shops.It could be so much better.  Think Faneuil Hall in Boston or Union Station in DC.  Bigger cities OK, but I think a lot more could be done.  Heard it might change hands, hopefully that will help.
3	It's been awhile since I've visited. I did enjoy it even though I was expecting a bit more.As a railfan, I was excited about the space since it's an old train station. The stores are kinda wacky and the restaurants are chains. I came on a Saturday night and ate at Houlihan's, which was just okay. When I visit Pittsburgh again, I may visit. Who knows?
3	This place can be so much better!  The shopping is a joke inside tha mall.  Overpriced junk for sucker tourists.   Restaurants include Boca De Beppo, Melting Pot, Grand Carousel, Joes Crab Shack, Hard Rock Cafe, Sheraton Pittsburgh Rare, Sesame Inn, Houlahans and a bunch of bars.  Almost got run over tonight in the parking lot.  A car sped very fast toward me as a joke. I had to run out of the way.   $4 for 2 hours is a joke. Should be free parking at night.  Attendant had trouble running my credit card tonight and cursed their computer.
3	From a distance it looks like there is a lit to do.  Sadly,  several closed stores,  a lot of the same kinds of stores (i think there were over 4 stores just selling Steelers stuff),  and VERY FEW patrons.  Made for a lonely and depressing experience.  I was here in the 90's and this whe area is a shell of itself. The bars and restaurants seemed very "touristy"  minus the energy. If this place is indicative of yhe energy of Pittsburgh,  this city is in serious trouble.
3	The tourist section of Pittsburgh.  This is where everyone who lives in the burbs come for a night out in the city.  It is full of chain restaurants bars, and clubs.There is a great view of Downtown however from there as well as a free dancing music fountain that is kinda cool.While there is not much that is original here, if you are in the mood for a chain restaurant, there are some decent ones here.This would not be my number one place to go in the city, but it's not terrible either.
3	Aside from driving past Heinz Field four times due to a driver that refused to ask for directions, visiting Station Square was one of my first experiences in Pittsburgh.  It is also where my husband and I shared our first kiss and where we got engaged.  So it will always hold a special place in my heart.  First, I love that a historic building was saved and reused instead of torn down.  In the freight house section, the building has a lot of character.  However, when you wander into the other section of shops, it becomes tunnel like as you make the transition and just changes the overall feel of the place.  There is a nice variety of shops and restaurants.  It is an add assortment of stores and of course, has at least three sport related places.  There is also a soap shop, smoke house, Ireland inspired, gift shop and books.  Just an odd combination, but it must work.  The Sideline Sport store has anything and everything Steelers or Penguins that you can possibly imagine, so if you are on the hunt for a unique sports item, this may be a good bet for you.  There is also a small nail salon and an Asian massage place.  I'm not sure how they survive because they don't seem to fit in with everything else.  Most of the restaurants are chains, but both the Japanese and Chinese restaurants inside are tasty.  It also has the Melting Pot which I love.   The best part of Station Square is Bessemer Court.  There is a "dancing" fountain with a variety of "shows" where the water dances to the music.  There is a wide variety of music styles which keeps it entertaining.  It also provides great views of the downtown skyline and access to the docks.I have not been to any of the night clubs, but I know come nightfall, the character changes from tourist trap to limo and buses full of bachelorette and bachelor parties along with 21st birthdays.  Things I will happily stay away from.It is worth a visit for the view and for an afternoon or night out.
5	Close to dining and you can take a boat shuttle to and from either the baseball or football games.  Although the Sheraton which has a great location is here, I do not recommend this outdated and nasty bed covering hotel.
1	CAUTION: TOURIST TRAPIf you are a local: Don't waste your time!If you are from out of town: Don't waste your time! There are better places to shop, eat and spend your time around the city!!!!! We took the Monongahela Incline, which has a great view of the city and is a fun experience, but I had no idea of the tourist trap of chain restaurants we would get sucked into at the bottom.There is no local flair at all...your choices include a Hard Rock, Buca di Beppo, Houlihan's, Subway, Joe's Crab Shack, The Melting Pot...ugh. The only cool thing is that it is right along the water with a cool view of the skyline. We got to see a train go by very close to us while we were eating at Joe's.There is a little shopping mall to walk around during the day and I've heard that at night it becomes a hot nightclub hangout for newly 21 year olds and bachelor parties full of fist pumping dudes. I surely will not be going back anytime soon.
4	Besides trying to figure out how to get across the bridge to reach the Station Square, it was a great time!  Tons of stores to shop in, and if you're a Steelers fan you'll be in heaven!  Didn't visit any of the restaurants, which are all chain restaurants, but they looked really nice.  Decorated very beautiful for Christmas time and even a train for the kids to go around the building (inside of course!).  We took the Monongahela Incline, which has a great view of the city from up top, especially at night time when the city is all lit up.
3	Definitely tourist central by day and creepy club hoppers by night. It's a cool view of the city right across the river. This place is full of chain spots like hard rock and bucca. The melting pot is there which is something everyone should try! There is "some" shopping and by some I mean very little. However, I do enjoy the brunch on Sundays down at the grand concourse. It's pretty awesome, but make sure you call ahead or get there early cause it gets PACKED!
3	A slightly disappointing and touristy area of Pittsburgh (also the launchpad leading up to Mount Washington overlooking the city) in comparison to my favorites like the Strip District. So what turned me off so much about Station Square? Well, it was pretty much a montage of chain restaurants that you can find in any given city - ya know, the Hard Rock Cafe scene. I'm typically looking for the nitty gritty joints that I can only find *here*. The lift up to Mount Washington was the highlight - and very budget-friendly I might add. It seems that the boyfriend got a real kick out of the music-synched water fountain overlooking the river. Maybe it was the engines pumping the water that did it for him most.
2	What a tourist trap! My dad has fond memories of coming here when he'd visit his hometown of Pittsburgh, and every time we've been back in the last decade it's been quieter and crappier than the last. I think this is the last time for us. There are very few stores and they are not so great, as a whole. Unless you plan on checking out the incline, I'd skip this destination. It's just boring.
3	I've been in Pittsburgh for almost two years and this weekend was my first time visiting station square. I was a little surprised by it all. The image in my head was that it would be bustling with people like other similar venues -- Boston's Faneuil Hall and Seattle's public market on a much smaller scale. When I opened the doors to go in, I was surprised at how dead it was. A few shops here and there but no people. I went late afternoon on a Saturday and the weather was gorgeous. My coworkers tell me that station square is more of a summer venue; that there are a lot more activities happening then. Some of the highlights are the location and the variety of restaurants.
4	Wish there was more shopping!
2	I'm giving Station Square 2 stars and that' only because the Sheraton had an awesome breakfast. But they were the only ones open at 10:30am. The shops are not what I expected. You will be better off going anywhere else. Will not be back!
2	I would not put Station Square as somewhere as a must see in Pittsburgh. I've been there plenty of times in my youth, but wanted to go to let the family check it out.Parking is not free but you can get validation if you spend $50. The entire square is about a quarter mile in length with mainly chain restaurants. For the avid carnivores, there is a Texas de Brazil. Shopping is limited to a few shops in the main building.We walked through, took a few pictures by the Christmas tree, and didn't eat because we had just eaten about an hour earlier. And that was about it.I would only come here to eat at night for the view. Otherwise, if you happen to skip Station Square you won't be missing much at all. There are  better views, better restaurants, and better shopping elsewhere in Pittsburgh.
