4	A hot cup of tea of an evening that was starting to get chilly, we were greeted straight away by the employees and presented with samples of the Gold Rush Tea. I can't remember all that was in it, but it smelled great and tasted great too. I really liked that they gave us the tea sample in glass cups not the paper ones. I got my usual favourite, the Organic Cream of Earl Grey.  There is no actual cream in it, but somehow it does taste that way. We also tried a sample of the Oolong Tea that was pretty good too.The interior is pretty, and there are a few seats in the front of the store.  I look forward to trying a few more teas soon!
5	Came here twice yesterday. Since it is a couple blocks away from my work, I went twice, before and after my shift. Employees were super nice. I sampled both of their daily tea and took one of them (can't recall what it was called). When I went after work, I took another ice-tea. It was called Mango Madness! Instead of regular sugar to sweeten the tea, they have Agave which tastes really good!I've been hooked ever since! I should also note, it smells REALLY good in the store! Just FYI!
5	I love a good tea (Earl Grey in da house!) so when my family was in town we grabbed some Saint Viateur bagels and some Davids Tea. I always bring some Davids tea back home to my sister when I can, so when she was able to come to Montreal we had to go.  Luckily there was one right on Saint Viateur.The service was excellent. They were very patient explaining all the various teas they have and their Earl Grey is great.  They have a ton of choices to satisfy any tea addict.  They even allowed us to eat our bagels on the chairs and tables set up in the front of the store!
5	Great place to while away a few hours, sipping your fave brew. Great hot teas or cold in summer,just grab a table (2) or 1 of the recently installed cosy upholstered chairs, or a chair by the large store front window,and enjoy. In summer,the store front window opens completely,creating a terrasse effect and you can converse with passerbys from your window seat, or simply watch the world go by. My favourite David's so far.
5	Here's a short story. A few months ago I went to the NYC Coffee & Tea festival, and DAVIDsTEA was one of the most memorable booths there. Very fun and vibrant, more importantly they were so friendly! Although they're starting to open some locations in NY, most of their cafes are in Canada. So when I was in Montreal last week and saw their bright teal sign in the distance, I knew I had to pay a proper visit!What a lovely cafe. This location was next door to a famous bagel shop! We grabbed a few bagels, then came inside for a tea. Took a seat in front of the window on a beautiful day and enjoyed our breakfast. Over a hundred teas to choose from in this place, and they can all be iced/made into a soda. We actually came back a second time that day. Will definitely keep my eye out for DAVIDs next time I'm in NYC.One small complaint: some of their teas are artificially flavored.
