5	For the price, Yo Rita's is definitely as good as it gets. Add up the fact that it's around the corner for me, and it's an even bigger winner. This is a simple menu restaurant by a smashing chef. Lots of fresh ingredients, lots of specials, 90% tacos. The tacos are pretty sizable, but the problem is that you'll want to order 3 to try out the different varieties. With the chips, you don't want to order more than 3.  Hands down this is the best place for Mexican-inspired food in the city. I hope they start opening for lunch, but for now, head down there any evening and chow down on some delicious tacos.
4	Their re-vamped menu is a huge improvement.  A high-end taco joint on Carson? with fresh, adventurous ingriedents?  awesome!  I was really psyched to try it.Of the 3 tacos i ordered, it was the underdog black-eyed pea taco that killed me.  I liked it better than the flank steak and way better than the chorizo.I will definitely return to try more gourmet tacos!Oh, and the bartenders ROCK.*I wrote a few weeks ago that the soup was very average- i had the soup again last night, and it was outstanding.  the highlight of my meal, even.  get that tortilla soup, yinz!
3	The lady and I have very different opinions of this place, however I believe it would be intellectually dishonest for me to give the 2 stars she so vehemently believes they deserve.  So, in deference to her opinion let me quite upfront with what she deservedly does not like about the place.  Two words... "no substitutions".  Now, if you suffer from the affliction of being a picky eater...first, my condolences...secondly, you know the need to have some control over the food presented to you.  This is not an option for kevin sousa's menu at yo moma,,,woops! I mean "yo rita".  The other issue is that the bartender was less than expected and made a drink that sounded delicious on the menu nearly undrinkable.  The space itself is quite pleasant.  There are high ceilings, a big bar to the right, plenty of tables.  your appropriate amount of hipsters and yuppies (and I'm using these terms (including this yuppie) in the most unflattering sense possible.  There also are some interesting candles and what looks like copper artwork on the wall.  Here is what I really like about the place...."the food".  I don't know of anywhere in the burgh' where I can get such interesting tacos as "freshwater eel", soft shell blue crab" or "chicken livers",,, for a "foodie" (another word I despise!) the ability to have simple street food reinvented with interesting ingredients is a bit of a revelation especially when cooked properly, which for the most part these were.  I had the chicken livers taco which was served on a flour tortilla with shredded cabbage, perfectly season and flavored fried chicken livers, bacon,,, lemon garlic aioli and guava (although the guava was barely noticeable).  This was $5 and was a nice portion of my first chicken liver taco,,, another first was the duck taco.  The duck was cooked perfectly medium, think of the best piece of juicy moist duck breast you've had with a little crispy skin and this was that.  However, imagine wrapped in a tortilla with fresh cilantro, jalapeno and a nice fig chutney.  Annie was able to eat the chicken livers, but that was about where her dining experience ended.  If the service was a bit better, the drink prepared properly this may have earned four stars. It may even deserve 3 1/2 stars now but that's not an option.  I'll be back and I look forward to chef sousas' other venture in garfield (I think?) if he can ever get it "off the ground".
4	Ventured there last thursday night for a quick bite.  I sat at the bar and was greeted by both bartenders.  They seemed out of place, like they should be working at a smokey dive bar instead of a hip taco joint, but they gave me a basket of free chips so i was happy.  I ordered the flank steak taco and the shrimp taco.   The flank steak was juicy, full of flavor and cooked perfectly.   The mushroom mixture inside the taco was a nice compliment to the meat.  The shrimp taco was advertised as spicy and for once , at a restaurant, the advertisment lived up to reality.   It didnt burn my mouth off but it caught my attention.  The cilantro and citrus flavors made this a predictable tasting taco, but it still was enjoyable Both tacos, chips and a beer ran me about $14.  I look forward to going back and trying more of the tacos, ceviches, and soups this winter.  The menu is limited so make sure your friends check out the website so they can see if there is something for them.
4	Visited Yo Rita with a couple friends.  We all had Tacos, 8 between the 3 of us.  They were all interesting and good.  The Black Eye Pea, Braised Chicken, and Steak were my favorites.  We also tried the Calamari, Bahn Mi, Escolar, Morcilla and Freshwater Eel, which were more of an acquired taste but still good.  For drinks we had the Traditional margarita and the Absinthe margarita.  Traditional was very good, Absinthe will warm you up but is a bit heavy on the Absinthe taste.  Decor was minimalistic, room temperature was comfortable, and music was at a good level for conversation.  Service was excellent.  I'd like to see the menu expanded.
4	Yo Rita is exciting, with its Kevin Sousa menu and decent prices. The best things, in my experience, have been the simple, fresh flavor combinations. The jicama chopped salad is crave-worthy, as are the avacado tacos. It's best to check the online menu, however, as it will be changing (seasonally, I believe). Overall, though, it's pretty much a can't-miss place that everyone should check out.
4	I totally agree with the reviews.  The place is awesome.  A bit small and they don't take reservations but you can pass the time at the bar drinking Ginger-Lime Margaritas.  Had a great meal here and will definitely be back.
5	I've always believed the best restaurants keep it simple. Do just a few things, but do them exceptionally well. Yo Rita is a great example of this. We walked in around 8 without reservations and were seated shortly after ordering cocktails at the bar. Our waitress immediately brought over some complementary fresh tortilla chips along with two different salsas (spicy and mild), and presented us with the daily specials. Yo Rita's menu is very simple, featuring a daily ceviche, soup and taco, among a short selection of everyday items consisting mostly of tacos. We ordered the ceviche to share (which happened to be shrimp), plus a tortilla soup and taco each. She ordered the special monkfish taco and I had the pork shoulder taco with mole and granny smith apples. Everything was outstanding including the service. Dinner for the two of us ran about $50 plus tip (including the cocktails). Overall we thought this was one of the best dining experiences we've had in a very long time.
5	Yo Rita is one of the coolest, most creative restaurants in Pittsburgh.  The food is unique, well prepared and informally presented.  The food and bar menu is always changing, and I haven't been disappointed with anything I've had there.  Try the escolar taco, the absinthe martini, or the shrimp ceviche.  Atmosphere is informal, but in no way divey.  Probably one of my top five favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh.
5	Kevin Sousa truly is a gem.  The combination of ingredients in the tacos is totally unique. I guarantee it will blow your mind.  The wait for the food was a little long, but we were occupied with warm tortillas and two kinds of homemade salsa.  I ate a tofu taco with red curry, edamame, yams and some other ingredients I can't remember. It was spicy and delicious.  My other taco had wild mushrooms, greens and roasted red peppers.  Both were as colorful as they were tasty.  The atmosphere is very simple but sophisticated and the drink selection is excellent.  Paying $4 or $5 per taco is a pretty awesome deal and I was plenty full after 2 tacos and plenty of chips and salsa.  I can't wait to go back and try more!  As a vegetarian, I was also pleased that I had more than one or two choices.  I say Yay Rita!!
4	i always love trying new restaurants when i come home to pittsburgh, and a new taco joint definitely caught my interest.unlike some mexican joints, yo rita doesn't offer 5,000 different options/combos. the menu has 1 page of appetizers/starters and 1 page of tacos. these 2 pages combined with the daily specials is your complete menu.however limiting this may sound, i promise you it is not. my friend and i each got 3 tacos because there were so many we wanted to try. it turns out 3 each was 1 taco too many, but you live and learn.we had the chorizo, calamari, chicken...kinda forget what else, but everything was really good.In short - small yet interesting menu, great drinks, good price-point and a great place to eat before you bro' out on the southside.
5	Okay: I ate there right before Christmas, and I ate a root vegetable taco topped with a sunny-side up quail egg and a juicy flank steak chimichurri taco loaded with sprigs of fresh cilantro.  Usually, I HAVE to have a black-eyed pea taco (an underdog deelish on the menu), but I couldn't resist some of the tempting new menu choices.  Outstanding!  Took my parents with me on this occasion and they were equally as pleased with their meals.The menu changes seasonally so I return to try new yums every so often.Another reviewer made a snide remark about the bartenders' appearance, and I'm not sure why.  They are completely professional, knowledgeable and dare I say.. attractive- people.  Perhaps because over half the waitstaff is significantly tattooed?  Whatever. The service here matches the food in quality.
4	I've been here twice and it's safe to say that I'm a fan.   I was in the mood for a margarita first and foremost so I was super please with the spicy "la diabla" one that I received- it was very extremely flavorful and quite strong!  (Not all all like the margaritas that you can just taste the store bought mix- thank God).   The tacos are good and growing on me (pork shoulder and bbq chix are awesome). So far I've only had one that I wasn't a big fan of, but that's because I didn't use the handy translation section on page 3 so I ordered something outside of my comfort zone- opps, my bad!  Overall, quaint place with a modern, good vibe that is somewhat rare in Pittsburgh :)   You know it's gotta be good if you see your favorite bartender from the down the street eating there too!
3	Yo Rita is a concept restaurant. It makes Tacos. Not just the normal tacos, but tacos with unique and interesting combinations of ingredients. In a way, it combines the idea of tapas with tacos and creates a meal out of it - or a dinner in any case since the place is only open for dinner.I recently went there with a colleague and we sampled four different tacos (everything is ordered a la carte). We had the Beet taco, the Chicken, the spicy Chorizo, and the Salmon. While looking over the menu, we were given a basket of tortilla chips and two salsas (spicy and mild). There was a nice amount of spice in the spicier of the two, so that was a nice touch.In addition to the tacos, there are some other items on the menu. So, for instance, I enjoyed a cup of the Chestnut Bisque (the special among the three soups offered), while my colleaque had the shrimp ceviche. The bisque was on the edge of being too thick to eat, but had a pleasant flavor and creaminess to it. The ceviche was also good.When the tacos arrived, they were arranged two to a plate. The wait staff told us that if that is not enough, they would always be happy to order more for us. They also suggested that two tacos per person is about the right amount. They were correct. We were stuffed by the time we finished them.Since the tacos are the main thing, it was fun to see the combinations on the plate, wrapped in the soft taco "shells". we thought the combinations of ingredients in the tacos were interesting and definitely flavorful. Of particular note was the spiciness of the Chorizo and the combination of colored beets. Flavors were good and some times surprising.There is a wine list and a beer list which appear adequate. The space is somewhat utilitarian and about what you can expect in that neighborhood.Reading the other comments here, it appears that service can be "choppy" at times. We had absolutely no problems. The wait staff was very attentive to us and kept checking back to see if we wanted anything else. So, when we were ready for wine refills, it did not take long to get it. I did not see any evidence of the rudeness that others complained about - but may be that was because we were there on a night when they were not overloaded with customers?Overall, this is a place that I would come back to. Unfortunately, since it is kind of specialist in terms of the food offered, it will not be an everyday kind of thing. This is why the three star rating which means "OK"
5	Okay, this place is still awesome, so it holds the five star rating, but I have to agree that the old lady in sweat pants who I guess is the owner? is kind of a ball buster.  I'm not sure what her deal is, but just don't cross her no matter what!  She will ruin you!  Or she'll just be unbelievably rude and disgusted by your presence.  You're lucky you have an awesome chef and some kick ass service cranky lady.
4	Yo Rita seems to be the Taco kindred spirit to Tamari's fusion sushi. Both restaurants capitalize on creative, cross-cultural approaches to tapas-portioned food. I was impressed by both, but right now, I am a tad more smitten with Yo Rita because their tacos tasted fantastic!At the server's recommendation of two tacos per person, my dinner companion and I ordered four to share. We got: the escolar, the pork shoulder, the duck confit, and the bahn mi. While the pork shoulder was very good (could have used a little less meat, a few more slices of granny smith apples), the other three were amazing. The escolar taco was like a giant tortilla wrapped sushi -- the fish was succulent and sweet against a supporting cast of bok choi, shiitaki, and aji amarillo. The bahn mi combined fatty pork belly with velvety chicken liver pate, then heated everything up with jalapeno and sweet chile sauce. The duck confit packs up juicy duck pieces with mushroom, bacon, and slices of brussle sprouts -- a hearty bite of Southern France in a to-go package.Although I did not try any, the menu lists many vegetarian-friendly options.Finally, about the service: we showed up on a Saturday evening around 7pm, so I came mentally prepared to wait 90+ minutes per other reviewers' comments. It really wasn't that bad though. The hostess took down my cell number, and we were free to roam about Carson. They called us back around 8pm and we were promptly seated and served. Although we finished eating within an hour, they did not seem to mind to have us leisurely hang out there for another 30 minutes. Maybe we were just lucky that the dragon lady the other reviewers mentioned was not present that night.
4	This place is a find!  The menu of all tacos was very inventive and we both loved our choices.  My husband and I had a (large) taco apiece, a beer each, and split the dessert taco and had felt well fed at only a little over $20. , for both of us!  The service was brisk but friendly, the atmosphere sort of hip and on a Tuesday evening, it was nearly full by 7 pm.  I wish they were open for lunch.  We will definitely eat there again and take friends.
4	This is an unusual and unique spot: high-end tacos with bizarre ingredients crossed with a bar which always seems to have Penguins games playing... The tacos are all served on flour tortillas from Reyna's in The Strip; the best tortillas in Pittsburgh, but I wish Yo Rita offered corn. Last time I went, I had a calamari taco which was too salty and an eel taco which was just right. The chips and salsa are good too. Decent beer menu, although I asked for an IPA in the bartender somehow managed to convince me that the Stout was really an IPA (it wasn't). ;-)Other random notes:1. I wouldn't really call this place Mexican -- it's more like Mexican inspired. 2. It's extremely loud inside (just from people talking), and it's often hard to get a table as the place is quite popular.
4	I actually wrote up this place in my FoodBurgh blog http://www.foodburgh.com/2010/03/yo-rita/Here are some snippets...Formerly the Iguana Grill, the restaurant that is now Yo Rita never used to serve up much in the way of quality Mexican food. At least, that's what the reviews seem to say; I never went. More than a year ago, that changed: they brought in Kevin Sousa, who you might call one of Pittsburgh's "celebrity chefs." He completely redesigned the menu and, by all accounts, really turned the place into something noteworthy.Having now been to Yo Rita, can report that I really like what Sousa did. [...] Beyond the somewhat distracting logo, Yo Rita nails just about every attribute I look for in a restaurant: welcoming atmosphere, pleasant waitstaff, a menu I don't feel guilty about, and (most importantly) exceptionally prepared and presented food. On that basis, it easily makes my list of must-visit Pittsburgh establishments. It's one of those places everyone should try at least once.
5	There's nothing I can write that will do justice to what a great find Yo Rita is. Simply the very best Mexican restaurant in Pittsburgh. Adventuresome, contemporary, unexpected, nuanced, subtle, bold, reasonably priced, and always always always perfect.My first 5-star rating for a Pittsburgh restaurant.
4	I don't like the new menu as much as the old one.  But for what it is, it is good.  The portions are kind of small.  The margaritas are great!
2	I believed the hype, perhaps for the last time, Pittsburgh! It was with optimism and an eager appetite I ventured to Yo Rita, driving to the dreaded Southside just for the new meal experience. See paragraph two if you only care about the food. First off, our server was TERRIBLE, the hostile check-on-you-from-afar-but-avert-eyes-when-you-seem-to-be-looking-for-her type. Bare minimal attention was given to us, her only table at 4:30pm on a weekday, while another sweet server danced around and took care of people with a smile, including us on an occasion. The sweet one gave us that knowing, apologetic look, while I am sorry for anyone who has to work alongside people who carry their personal problems with them everywhere they go. And I am sorry that one bad egg can really spoil a restaurant review. When I ask a question about ingredients and you don't know the answer, ask the kitchen; don't tell me that you don't think so and try to talk me out of wanting to know for sure. Or, just lie with a confident answer and hope I don't die as a result of an allergic reaction! And when it's time to pay, you might as well promptly get the hell rid of us instead of subjecting us to your bitchin' conversation behind the bar.Chips and salsa rocked! Some people with a competent server even got a salsa refill! Jicama salad, pretty darn good! Would have been happy for the meal to end there! Instead, two of us shared three ambitious tacos which fell flat. As others have mentioned, the beet taco's combination of flavors doesn't quite work, nor does it even taste interesting. I expected shredded beets, but they were big chunks which kept falling out, I lost a couple to the floor. Send me back to finishing school before I call a 5 second rule! At least I avoided droppage on my petticoat (hoes b clubbin' lookin' fine for dos men wid somethin' fat in they pocket, beware). On to the mushroom. Nothing wild about cremini mushrooms in my opinion! I was hoping for a mix of different mushrooms, as suggested by "wild and cultivated" on the menu. Guess they were just appealing to my thus described sensibilities. The tofu was probably my least anticipated, but favorite of the tacos, and I don't remember why. For dessert, I drank some root liquor drink with soy milk and malted something; it was a victorious finish before the final count-down. Partner's margarita was also excellent.Interior was fine and at first they were playing some really fitting (ie. to the logo) garage and surfer guitar rock. By the end, they were playing the worst droning love ballads of all time, who knew there was a station for that? Puke. Couple o' days later I tried Round Corner Cantina's seitan tacos. They win.
5	First there's that kick-ass logo: a 1950s-inspired sailor tattoo, all come-hither eyes and Betty Page sex appeal. Who couldn't love a place like this?First there's the inventive drink selections - curious concoctions of wines and hard liquors and champagnes... delicious. But nothing can quite prepare you for the jaw-dropping tacos. Sure, they're pricey and they sound disgusting - if not completely off-putting, but they're amazing. Jalapenos collide with Granny Smith apples and braised duck meat, quail eggs marry themselves with potatoes and chives. Incredible. I think the menu changes seasonally, so it's always a different experience.But the service? What can I say - a bunch of tattooed hipsters who think they're better than you and would rather slice their eyelids off with razors than talk with patrons. So below them. Disappointing, to say the least.Update (7/24): Uh, yeah. I had dinner here tonight and I'm adding a star. First of all, our server/bartender, Curtis, was the least pretentious guy in the joint... and handsome/charming to boot. Second of all, dessert was carmelized pineapple and papaya with ginger whipped cream, served with a side of watermelon mint soup. It was the gospel, y'all. And the tacos? Calamari, pork belly, and pork shoulder - all delicious. And the squash appetizing was lick-the-plate terrific. You've won me over, Yo Rita. Godammit.
2	Last week my neighbors and my husband and I enjoyed a few quick beers at Jacks???, then went to have a bite at Yo Rita;s, Service was a little off, thought we were upsetting the waitress? The Taco's were really good, but when all the chips and salsa were gone I really do not think a Taco is quite enough, I know, we all say less food but if we were informed to order a salad or app we sure would of. Just sayin.
5	I stopped here on a recommendation from a local while I was on a business trip in the area. Wow! The tacos were fantastic. I had the pork shoulder and the black-eyed pea. The pea one was full of creative toppings (savory seasoned rice crispies, goat cheese crema--I don't even like goat cheese), and the pork had a perfect, sweet flavor. I'm only in town for a few days, but I may return.
3	Lately, I think the tacos here feature too many fried foods, and are over flavored. Didn't enjoy them nearly as much on the last two visits. Also, the place is incredibly noisy inside to the point where it's hard to talk to your table-mates.
3	Meh, such a good concept, but I was really underimpressed with the execution. We had 2 apps and 4 different tacos and didn't like any of them that much, the sauce was overwelming on most, and the calamari one just tasted like fried, but not even a good fried, more styrofoamy.First server was nice and fairly friendly, 2nd one was pretty standoff-ish although I didn't think it was anything personal towards us.Cool decor, good spot for a drink and maybe sharing an app, but overall not likely to return unless they change up the menu or the chef.
3	I really love the food and drink menu, especially the black eyed pea taco and the ginger lime margarita. I highly recommend that you go to Yo Rita for the food, but be prepared for an otherwise uncomfortable experience. I worked in the restaurant industry for about eight years, so it's hard for me to go to restaurants and not notice when the staff seems really weeded and/or miserable. Each time I've been to Yo Rita, each time with varying degrees of business, the staff has appeared both weeded and miserable. I'm pretty sure this is noticeable whether you've worked in restaurants or not. I think there are two reasons for this 1. The manager is very disrespectful towards her staff. She loudly barks orders at them in front of customers (a big faux pas in all of the restaurants I've ever worked in) and uses a very condescending and sarcastic tone when speaking to them, again in front of customers. She certainly isn't any nicer to customers, although I haven't been scolded or snapped at, yet. This makes for a very uncomfortable dining experience, especially if you're eating at the bar where you're close to a lot of the action. 2. They need just one more server on the floor on Friday and Saturday nights. Each time I've been to Yo Rita when they're busy, our server has been too weeded to even say 'thank you' when dropping our credit card slips off. Our drink order has taken as long as our food to arrive. The servers always look stressed out and overwhelmed. Given the small size of the restaurant, and the bussers and food-runners also working the floor, the only thing I can conclude is that they are short-staffed. And obviously they don't have a manager supporting them and backing them up with they need her to. Considering how cold the manager is to customers, perhaps she wants servers who aren't overly friendly and attentive. That's fine, I don't like a server who talks to me like I'm five years old and asks me how everything is a million times. Friendly and attentive Yo Rita's servers are not, but something tells me it's a reaction to poor management, rather than a business decision. I think the food at Yo Rita is really great, and it could be a Mexican version of Point Brugge--warm and cozy neighborhood restaurant, you go there because you want the food as well as the atmosphere--but they've really got to work on the front of the house situation ASAP.
3	The environment and our server were great, and the prices were average.  The food, well, was just okay.  I was really excited to try everything and, ultimately (aside from the eggplant, which was perfect), gave everything a great big "meh."The ceviche here is lousy and not worth $10, btw.
2	not all that. started with an overpriced appetizer-just a  couple of tablespoons cold black bean puree and the tacos were nothing to write home about. kinda bland. I will say that the margaritas were excellent. i was really excited to go because i heard such good things but it was a disappointment.
4	This place is very creative, love the atmosphere, and cool menu. the chips and dip which they start you with are not that great.The tacos, however, were amazing. I forget which tacos we had, but it was the pork one, the "eel taco", and the bean/chick peas taco. Overall the pork one was by far the best. However, i thought all three were very fresh and creative. I look forward to going back and trying more. We also had one of their mango (or was it watermellon?) margaritas, and that was AMAZING. I would say that it was very expensive for how much food we actually got.
4	I was in town visiting the fam.  My seester took me here on a Saturday night, after at least a year of hearing her rave about it.   We did some drinks, some complementary chippy, and some tacos.  She had the Eel, I had the salmon and the crispy eggplant. All were delish.  (There was some crazy caramelized onion going on with the eel that I did not expect when I took a nibble.  Yummm)  Conversely, I was kind of weirded out by the use of trailer-trash snacks in their food.  (Cool Ranch Doritoes?  Andy Capp Hot Fries with my eggplant??  Maybe I'm not foodie enough for this place but ooookkkaaayyyy...I suppose it worked?)I would go back and sit at the bar with a fancy margarita and a couple of the appetizers that I did not have the stomach capacity to try.
4	I think this place lived up to the hype.  I've been wanting to come here for months!Awesome tacos!  I had one with crispy eggplant and one summer squash.  As soon as my plate arrived, i tasted one of the pieces of eggplant and knew right away that I would love these tacos.  I will definitely be coming back soon.
3	Meh.  Went there for a birthday thing a couple of weeks ago.  I'm glad someone's trying to do this in Pgh, but the execution is a little weak.  (I'd actually prefer that someone try simple, good Mexican before getting all fancified with it.  Seriously, there's no place to get a good, simple tongue taco for under $3 in this town.)Despite the creativity with the menu, there's something flat about the food.  (The barbacoa I had tasted like canned pulled pork.  Probably wasn't, but that's what it tasted like.)  Service is average at best, but don't ask for anything special or complain or distinguish yourself in any way: the owner's completely insane and will make your visit a real pain.  I'd heard this from friends and didn't believe it until I saw it happen with my group.  I'm just glad I wasn't the one arguing with her.
4	I tried Yo Rita over a year ago and was not a fan at all. I've been back a couple of times recently and my mind has been blown. My friends tell me that they changed chefs at some point and it's made all the difference. I'm not always a huge fan of what I call "yuppie tacos", but holy hell these are good. Don't let the price scare you off- they're worth it. Two should be plenty with chips and may I suggest the salmon & the avocado. DELISH!
4	Great place small hip interior well made drinks.  You have to try the tasty pork belly taco, it was crazy good.  The meal includes chips and salsa but everything else is a la carte. Kind of like a steak place, when you order a taco you get only a taco no sides or anything else which depends on how you look at it as fine or annoyed that you get nothing but a single taco.  But by that same note you can custom build your meal a definite plus because you know all the rice and refried beans are just to fill you up so you can eat less of the good stuff.
3	Yummy chips and salsa, so-so fancy tacos.  Our group tried the Eggplant, Arctic Char, Tuna, Steak, Braised Chicken, and Chorizo.  The eggplant was weird-little cubes of fried eggplant, I couldn't even really tell it was eggplant, it had more of a dogfood-like appearance, but the saucy was pretty good and together it tasted alright.  The arctic char and tuna were pretty good-I couldn't really taste the bacon and aioli on the artic char though, the fish taste was pretty overpowering.  The other tacos were all good, just not really notable.  It was a great place to go for something different, but I wasn't blown away by the taste and presentation of the food.
4	Solid restaurant/bar with interesting (and very good) tacos. I have been there twice and was happy both times with the food and drinks. Try the potato tacos. Thumbs up: + Ahi Tuna and Potato tacos are excellent. So is the lime ginger margarita.+ Chips and salsa are fresh and delicious+ Feels healthy; good veggie and fishie choicesThumbs down:- My girlfriend's syrah did not taste like syrah. Yet, it was still interesting. - Last time I went, I felt we were rushed out a bit around 10pm on a Saturday although we had not been there for long. - Portions are a bit small for my taste
4	Yo Rita serves up creative, flavorful upscale soft tacos with unexpected but harmonious flavor combinations in a stark yet comfortably casual atmosphere.  We started off with two cocktails from their brief but playful cocktail menu.  I had the Ginger Lime Margarita, and my date had the Moscow Mule, a spicy concoction of Ginger Beer, lime juice, and vodka.  Yum.Right after we were seated we eagerly sampled the complimentary tortilla chips with mild and spicy salsa, both of which were good.  The tacos - priced at between about $4 and $10 each - are fairly small so we ordered the ceviche plus three tacos and split them between the two of us, and we were pleasantly full at the end of the meal (my date says he felt "stuffed").  We ordered the ceviche of the day appetizer, which turned out to be a brightly flavorful contrast between the mildness of the fish and the spicy marinade, which was lime, cilantro, and spicy chili.  For the main course we enjoyed the potato taco with crimini mushrooms, leeks, and manchego.  Delicious little diced, fried potatoes and the mushrooms and cheese made for a nice little savory taco.  The black-eyed pea taco was nice, with curry, garbanzos, spinach, and cucumber raita.  The duck confit taco was by far the favorite - the mole sauce gave it a great smoky flavor, and what made these really stand out were the toasted almonds which added a wonderful crunchiness and sweetness to each bite.Parking near Carson Street was a bit of a challenge, but we snagged a street parking spot nearby after a few minutes of searching.  On a Saturday evening at 7:15, we walked in and got the last available table for two.  By 7:30, the entire place was packed and we would have had to wait for a while to be seated.  Bottom line: Yo Rita served up outstanding creative tacos and great cocktails with an interesting atmosphere and efficient service.
4	Excellent. I took a friend of mine to Yo Rita for her 21st birthday, and all I can say is, "excellent." Nice ambience, great bar, sweet salsa, and SUPERB tacos.I had the duck confit taco and she had the salmon/apple/mushroom. As for drinks--everything was pretty standard for a well-made mixed drink, but I have to recommend the Moscow Mule. It goes down easy and has just enough spice to be paired perfectly with the duck confit taco that I scarfed down.The dessert was even better than the meal (some sort of cheesecake with a chocolate cherry sauce), and when added to the great service and the friendly bartender, Yo Rita easily becomes one of those places in Pittsburgh that one just has to try out.I'm not frequently in the mood for soft tacos, but I definitely know the place to go from now on when I am.
2	Yo Rita is a potential contender that consistently disappoints.This place is great in theory -- schmancy tacos with a focus on offal. What's not to love? I follow them on twitter and will occasionally be lured in by enticing twitpics of sweetbreads or liver, but every time I go they fall short on execution. Meats are overcooked, ingredients that should be hot are served cold, waiters are needlessly surly. It's just kind of a bummer. Also, what gives with serving all the tacos on flour tortillas? So sad.
3	Pretty good. Food was tasty, but I have texture issues and had a hard time with some of the texture combos.
2	I was there on a Friday. Not too crowed. Enjoyed the atmosphere but nothing special. I had the lobster tacos starter. It was OK. Not bad but not great. When you try to make mexican food too fancy, you miss the boat. Its albout fresh ingredients and decent portions. The margaritas were a little sour and had to ask them to sweeten it just a tad. Excellent wait staff.
4	I visited Yo Rita while chef Kevin Sousa was still helming the kitchen, so the experience may be a bit different now.The food at Yo Rita is, to put it lightly, inspired. I felt like what I was eating could be served in a more metropolitan city and be treated like it belonged there. Pittsburgh's a small town and its small town sensibilities often invade the meny, not so at Yo Rita.Everything was fresh and just weird enough that you felt bad ass but not like you were vying for Andrew Zimmern's job.The pork tacos were fork tender and topped with crushed Cool Ranch Doritos, a combo that sounds weird until you try it.We sat at a table for no less than five minutes but our server was so appalled that we weren't taken care of yet that he gave us each a complimentary glass of wine, not bad at all.
4	A rainy evening a couple of weekends ago, my group of friends dropped into Yo Rita for a late Saturday evening dinner before dodging the crazies in the Southside bars. First off, this place is super cute, and you wouldn't know that necessarily from the frosted front windows. Dim lighting, candles, lounge-y electronic music, and a sleek set-up make it a very low-key but chic place to go out. Secondly, their menu is primarily set on one of two things: drinks, primarily margaritas, and tacos. But these aren't your average Chipotle tacos. These are GOURMET NIRVANA tacos. I ordered the flank steak and shredded chicken tacos and they were the best tacos I have had in my life. It was a smart call making a restaurant cater to 2 specialties, and they got them down pretty well. In addition, their margaritas were also a treat. I had a ginger lime margarita (more like, 2) mostly because I could barely taste the alcohol. My girlfriends had the classic margarita, but I saw many other mojito/margaritas on the menu, so next time I come back in the next month or so, I will be ordering something different. Overall, if you want to have an a-typical gastrotrip in Pittsburgh, I highly recommend Yo Rita.
1	The owner who is the blonde is the rudest person I've ever encountered in the restaurant industry in my entire life.  It's a shame too because the chef actually has some talent.  The bartenders are always cool but I will never go back.
1	It is bad in every way possible. We called and asked if they were busy and they hung up,  VERY expensive for low quality food, half the orders came out after everyone else was done eating, the salad was literally half a cup of chopped lettuce...
2	This immensely popular and fun taqueria-esque restaurant in the South Side has no problem packing in the crowds.  It's amazing how many people they can squeeze into this small space.  It's a bit claustrophobic but people will put up with a lot to get their taco fix. The menu is fairly sized and there's a bit of something for everyone, yes, even vegetarians.  The short rib taco was surprisingly the weakest as the meat was a bit tough and rather bland tasting.  The chorizo taco was expectantly much more flavorful but a tad chewy.  My favorites were easily the duck taco and seitan taco both for texture and taste.  These are small little tacos and you certainly don't feel guilty about eating them.  Think taco tapas.  The seemingly major drinks were their margaritas.  I'm not a tequila fan at all so I pretty much steered away from those concoctions.  The beer menu, albeit tiny, was adequate.  There were some interesting martinis though (thanks to Kevin Sousa's influence I'm sure).  There is always hope found in the form of a well made libation. Service can be painfully slow in between tacos.  They obviously need more servers to deal with the crowds and a waiting area especially.  They don't take any reservations either so you're left to chance in scoring a table coming here.  Luckily, prices are relatively low to moderate.  I'm not sure if I'd come back again.  The very idea of having to deal with that crazy line to have mediocre tacos just doesn't sit all that well with me.  Burrito anyone?
3	Full Review http://www.rodzillareviews.com/?p=182"My overall feelings for Yo Rita -Mediocre. I think of  the restaurant  as a great idea with faulty execution. A little more attention to preparation, and basic customer interaction  would make for a highly recommendable spot. As they are now, I wouldn't seek them out."
4	I keep meaning to explore more restaurants on the South Side, yet I'm failing due to the unerring pull of Yo Rita.  Their tacos are interesting, fresh and delicious.  My personal favorites are the pork belly and the calamari.  I tend to always order their special taco of the day, which varies from good to great.  One particularly impressive concoction was the meatloaf taco, including gravy and (of course) fries.  Yes, fries.  On a taco.  Only in Pittsburgh!
5	In a neighborhood full of mediocre bar food, Yo Rita is a diamond in the rough. The tiny restaurant immediately draws patrons in with windows covered in sexy, tattoo-inspired logos. Inside, the concrete bar and spare decor create an atmosphere that is just hip and modern enough to feel cooler than most South Side joints without being snobby or off-putting.The reason everyone goes to Yo Rita, however, is the food. Oh, the food. I've consistently ordered off the a la carte taco menu and have yet to be disappointed. Whether noshing on an oyster po' boy with jalapenos, a vegetarian taco with potatoes and mushrooms, crispy pork belly, or any number of other choices, my taste buds are always surprised and delighted with tastes that I have never experienced anywhere else. The menu is innovative without being overwhelming, and the ingredients taste absolutely fresh and delicious. In short, your belly will thank you and you'll soon be longing for more.Oh, and the margaritas aren't bad either.
2	I know the peeps have spoken. I know there's rave reviews about this place. But....I'm sorry....it wasn't good. I had a Frito in my burrito. No lie! I believe in food fusion, I swear I do, but fusion with my snack food? Not sure about that. I think I'm bitter because it used to be an amazing restaurant called The Iguana Lounge. They had thee best seafood Chimichanga. They also had really great refried beans and let me tell you, I hardly EVER find good refried beans. But enough about the old...the better.... It's also pricey. You have to pay for the chips and dip (boo!) and each individual taco (double boo!). One tiny taco sets you back $6-8 bucks. Did I mention it was tiny?? I mean, I know I'm totally into American super sizing, but I can appreciate a smaller meal if it's amazing. Not so much here. I'd spend my taco money elsewhere....like a bag of Tostito's and ChiChi's salsa!
3	The cocktails and drinks are amazing but the food variety and selection is very limited.Also, the food is expensive and not as good.
5	This place is the bomb, and if I want a little something more than your basic beef, lettuce, tomato and cheese taco I head to Yo Rita. Note you won't find this said taco on the menu and some hot sauce otherwise you will be disappointed (as one guy was one of the last times I had gone).Each table is given a bottomless basket of tortilla chips and salsa and the white wine has always been delicious. I've had quite a number of the tacos and only the tacos but the ones that come to mind are the chorizo (dippy egg, asadero cheese, maple-arbol chile sauce and chorizo) and the calamari (jalapeno, tomatillo, red chile-garlic aioli, cilantro and calamari). I am a savory person, and the tacos and chips hit that for me with the right amount of salt and flavoring. If you aren't that hungry one taco will suffice but I usually find myself eating two since everything on the menu sounds tasty and being really fully. Tacos range from $4-$8 (more expensive for the meat ones) and you might initially find yourself wondering why you're paying that much for a taco but I think it is justifiable once you've had Yo Rita's tacos which have a contemporary spin on a classic.
1	NEVER AGAIN!  6 of 8 of our party arrived.  There were plenty of tables available.  They would not seat us.  So we waited at bar.  7 of 8 arrived, they still WOULD NOT SEAT US.  When the 8 person in our group arrived they had no tables and told us there would be probably an hour wait.  POOR MANAGEMENT!  I WILL NEVER GO BACK.  We went to Kassab's across the st. their grape leaves were FANTASTIC.  Go to Emeliano's if you want mexican in the SS.
5	Yo Rita is delish!  Although the bottomless chips with two salsas (one mild and one spicy hot) were fresh and crunchy good-don't eat too many!  Save room for the main event-gourmet tacos that will tantalize your taste buds. On our last visit, I ordered the chicken taco and the pulled pork.  The chicken and pork were insanely tender and seasoned perfectly.  I loved the use of cabbage rather than the typical lettuce so many places use as taco filler.  (To Rachel C. those aren't Fritos on the chicken.  They're strips of the SAME tortillas used to make those yummy free chips you probably ate.)  My husband ordered the chorizo taco and the special of the day-crab cake taco.  I was kicking myself for not ordering the crab cakes as I watched my husband take each bite as he oohed and awed.  (He did let me have a bite too :)  We also had a refreshing, thirst-quenching watermelon margarita.  It was a nice size and reasonably priced.  They have a great variety of tequilas too. (And I  just have to say one more thing.  To Micheal M. many restaurants have the policy to not sit partial parties.  If that's the policy then just get over it and go with the flow.  If you don't return because of that-then it's your loss.  Don't worry I'll eat enough tacos for the both of us.)
5	I started writing this review months ago and have noshed here several times...so why am I just getting around to it now,  you ask. I guess the words I would use to describe the fare here just elude me. Yo Rita's is just transcendent! Everything (pertaining to the food) is flawless. Taste, quality ingredients, flavor profiles, creativity, and presentation  all exceed my expectations.On my most recent visit, I ordered the velvet underground which consisted of beets, goat cheese, I believe arugula and some other tasty things. It was delicious but the beet/goat cheese combination is a little played out. On the other hand, it has great flavor and they do up perfectly at Yo Rita's. The other taco I had was the asparagus tempura - Divine! It was paired with ponzu, ginger mayo, mushrooms and what really gave it that Ummph was The toasted black sesame seeds, those tiny things pack so much goodness!JB ordered his go-to, the chorizo (he'll order anything that has a fried egg on it) and the trout per our servers suggestion. He was pleased with both and happy he took the advice.The only area that has room for improvement would be service -  it's not terrible but it certainly has its issues, but when the food is consistently amazing I'm inclined to overlook lacking service.
5	Wow!  Blue marlin ceviche with fennel and pineapple was phenomenal.  Oyster Po' boy taco was crispy and delicious, and the spicy gazpacho was silky smooth.  My daughter is vegetarian, and she thought that both the summer corn taco and the eggplant taco were really great.  I've been to yo Rita 3 times now, and it's always great.
5	One of the best meals I've had in Pittsburgh. I can't wait to go back.
4	People need to stop complaining about the portion size.  Tacos are a street food you eat on the go, not those deep fried abominations Americans seem to be so fond of.  Two/three tacos with chips and salsa is plenty for any normal sized human.So far, this is my favorite taco place in Pittsburgh.  The second runner up was Round Corner Cantina.  While both are good, the bolder flavors of YR wins out.We went on a Tuesday night.  It was crowded but not unmanageable. We hung out at the bar while we waited for our table.  I had the ODB with gin.  There was a smidge too much pickle juice, but I enjoyed it.  Unfortunately  I can't drink Tequila so I was not able to have the more taco appropriate cocktails.  The Moscow Mule was a big punch of sunshine.  The chips and salsa were good.  Finally, a place in this town that serves something resembling a good salsa!The boyfriend and I split the asparagus taco, the pork belly and the duck taco.  The were a little larger than an average street taco and the fillings were plentiful.  I wish they had been corn tortillas rather than flour, but that didn't take away from the overall flavor.Yes, for Pittsburgh the tacos are a bit expensive.  This is more of a "sometimes" restaurant than a "often" restaurant because of the price.  I very much look forward to going back and eating my way through the rest of the menu.
4	The decor is very trendy and has a nice atmosphere. I got an arebas taco, which was a special, and an oyster po boy. The oyster po boy just didn't hit it for me. The oysters seemed to have too much breading and didn't even taste or feel the oysters.  I do miss those po boys down in the gulf coast tho. The arebas taco on the other hand was superb. Very good.
5	I LOVE this place.  My boyfriend lives very nearby so we end up here pretty frequently.  It's a small place but we've never had trouble getting a table and we have gone at various times and on various days.  The staff is very friendly and we have always had excellent service.  The menu is very creative.  The flavor combinations are unique and sometimes unexpected but always delicious.  Their drinks are also exceptional.  They recently had a watermelon margarita that tasted like you were biting into a fresh watermelon, very summery and yummy.  We are usually so full that we can't possibly think of dessert but our past couple visits we decided to indulge.  Last night they had homemade churros with homemade chocolate ice cream and a caramel sauce, it was incredible.  Just writing this review is making me hungry!  If you're in the south side looking for a great meal and delicious drinks, I highly recommend stopping by.
5	Yo Rita continues to be my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh.  Gourmet tacos, creative cocktails, delicious chips and salsa as soon as you sit down, and fantastic, consistent service.  The portions are not small.  These are tacos, folks, so they aren't burrito-size.  They are stuffed with enough flavorful things that normal people don't need more than 2 or 3.  My standard order is the chopped salad (changes seasonally, always amazing) and the chorizo taco.  This is enough for me, especially with chips and salsa.  This is perfect because I don't leave so stuffed with food that I'm in pain (I have no self control).Beer selection is always nice.  They have several drafts, including East End Big Hop (my favorite).  The cocktails Yo Rita's offer are really unique.  We always get the Moscow Mule, which is made with Natrona Bottling Co's Jamaica's Finest Ginger Beer...the best I've ever tasted! Please go and check Yo Rita's out!  You won't be disappointed!
4	I heart food.  I especially heart tacos.  These ain't your mama's tacos. (unless your mom was a gourmet chef...my mom used a packet of El Paso, ground beef, and shells...not creative, though it brings back good memories...but that's a different review.)Yo Ritas has a stable of "go to" tacos that change from time to time, plus a special that can sometimes be "oddball." (Follow them on Twitter for the updates...think foie, fried chicken livers, etc.)  They also have a daily ceviche, if that's your thing (and it should be.) We started with coconut mojitos, which I verified pre-order that they weren't *too* girly, as well as 6 tacos, and grits.  Do yourself a favor, and get the grits.  The grits are amazing.  They were more like risotto without rice.  Seriously, I'll go back just for that. Best.Grits.Ever.As for tacos...I really liked the roasted corn, pulled pork, and chorizo.  The chorizo wasn't what I expected...think breakfast in a taco.  the tuna was a generous portion, but unfortunately was too overpowered by raw onion. Eggplant was meh, and calamari was good...but not mind-blowing. Don't order more than 3 tacos.  They're not huge, but they're not small, either (flour tortillas.)
2	Dear Yo Rita bartender/server:I realize that I may have come about it all wrong.  That is, I was happy and excited to go to Yo Rita's after being away from Pittsburgh for awhile.  I could see that you were busy, all the tables were full which is why my friend and I sat at the bar.  But after waiting 10, 15...minutes to order?  And then, a male couple who came in after my friend and I received:  table settings, with knife and fork (!) wow, I had no idea since we did not get these things, they heard the Daily Specials, something you did not tell us.  And although they came in after us, you took their order first.  And we did want more drinks, but it would have been nice to have them during the meal, not after we were finished.  Oh well.  Maybe you just figured you were going to get a bad tip?  But you see I waited tables in college so I tip well.  Well I do when I get good service.  I also like going to back to great places, with excellent food and service.  So you can imagine I won't be coming back.
4	Awesome place to go.  Very good drinks.  There are specials everynight.  The tacos are great, try the oyster taco.  Ceviche is always good.  Prices are very reasonable.  If you haven't been here you should go.  I will be back again.
4	The pulled pork taco is my new favorite. I also have to give props to their scallop ceviche with its big, hearty pieces of fresh scallop, grapefruit, and avocado...not what I was expecting at all (I was expecting to be sorely disappointed). I also love that the ceviche changes daily, and I can't wait to come back to try it again.But okay, here's my gripe with Yo Rita. Ambiance-wise, it's basically a bar that serves food. But yet, they have no drink specials. Not even a happy hour! This could be such a good spot to get a couple tacos and pregame a night out on the Southside. You know, for those of us who don't want to brave the crowd of douchebags at Nakama, but also aren't in the mood to stuff our faces full of burgers and wings at Fatheads or Doublewide before we indulge in a night of binge drinking. Just do me a favor and think about it, Yo Rita. I would come so much more often and order so many more drinks. It would be a win-win situation for us both!PS: The drinks are delicious, anyway.
3	When it comes to Mexican and Mex-fusion, it is one area that I might be pretty fickle about because I've lived in Tucson, where the local restaurants and the "roach coaches" with street style food are plentiful. First, let me start with my major gripe. If you have a pared down menu and serve mostly tacos I expect at least these two things: Your tortillas are going to knock my socks off (as in, good enough to be eaten with nothing else kind of delicious) AND you know how much filling to put in said tortilla. Neither happened, sadness ensued. For the most part, I appreciated the interesting mix of filling that I got in the black eyed pea taco, but it was nothing inspired and was instead just different from the usual. There was about twice as much filling in the taco as there should have been, so there should be another tortilla or less filling. I also got the fall salad, which had lollarossa greens, agave vinaigrette, spiced pumpkin seeds, apple, jicama, carrot, and radish. It was kind of interesting and was very bitter/sour, which I have a high tolerance for normally, but it took me about half the salad to determine that I did like it. The salad size was really small. The chips and salsa are a-ok.I was impressed with the service staff. I had the embarrassing experience of having to wait--while already seated--for friends who couldn't find their way there. It was at least an hour between when I was seated for our reservation until when the rest of my group arrived, and the server was very understanding and polite about it all. It was one of those tough faux pas that you get stuck in when you've already sat down and ordered a drink and then find out your party is going to be late, and the reported length of lateness became much later than expected with every new text. Anyway, our server bore the mistake with grace and professionalism.Some good things to know: parking is on the street and keep in mind that E. Carson and the South Side gets pretty hairy on the weekends and some evenings. Dining room is small-ish. They can fit a table with probably 8 and still have other tables, but I would guess that is the max for one group.I did enjoy the atmosphere of Yo Rita. The wall colors are soft with some dark, industrial touches. In the evening the dining room is lowly lit and there are lots of candles at the bar, so it is a nice place for a date or an intimate group in those regards. I may go back and try another taco if urged by a friend, but I won't be making a special trip to the South Side for this one. My search for decent Mexican food in Pittsburgh? Still on.
4	I may live in Brooklyn now, but despite the bajillion restaurant options in NYC I still pine for Yo Rita. I really wish I could transport this place. I miss it terribly. Amazing tacos, great veggie options too. I've never had anything here that I didn't love. I think I'm definitely asking my Pittsburgh friends to send me freeze dried Tuna tacos for Christmas. I only give it four stars because I haven't been there in so long that I'm not totally sure that I'm honestly recalling the food to be five star-caliber,  or if I'm just really hungry for Yo Rita's right now.
2	Short answer: Will be back for cocktails, not for food.Service - Host - asked to be seated at an empty table next to a group of friends.  Was told "No, can't do that, we might have a big party come in."  This is despite the fact the entire back section as open and easily could have accommodated such a party. (I've worked as a hostess in the past - not just blowing smoke.)  Bad way to start.Waiter - Adequate, but not friendly or personable - just phoning it in.  Meh.Food - Bland and lukewarm by the time in hit the table. (The restaurant wasn't that full at this point, so really, my expectations are this should have come out at least a little warm...it's not like they were slammed).  Nothing to write home about.Ambiance - The light from the Men's bathroom is really bright compared to the ambient light in the restaurant, so each time the door opened, our group got blinded.  Furthermore, given the price of the food the amount of sauces that are served with it, cloth napkins may be better than paper. (It just feels cheap).Drinks - The drinks were great.  I got the blood-orange margarita (delicious) and my friend got the Russian Mule - both were delicious!Thanks.
1	Cold tortillas, awful service from the owner (she actually rolled her eyes at us when my friend asked that our tortillas be served warm because it was cold the previous time she was there), and the food really wasn't all that great.  We're never going back.  There are far better spots in the South Side and in Pittsburgh in general.
1	If it weren't for the rude owner of this place I would have given it four stars based on the bartender and ambiance. We were greeted by the owner with hostility, not seated when a table opened up because "we asked too many times if the table was ready" and she actually told us to leave because she couldn't care less either way. To top it off, every time she walked by us when we were standing at the bar she made a snide comment about us sticking around. The bartender apologized to us a thousand times for her behavior (he said he finds himself doing this a lot) but I will never go back to this establishment. Simply awful.
1	Tried to come here on St. Patrick's Day.  They locked the door on us and we were ignored when we knocked on the door and tried to call. They were not closed because their was some people inside.  My friends and I were not being drunk assholes nor are we cheap so I did not appreciate being treated like a low class citizen.  They have good tacos but it is seriously just a taco joint, nothing special, and they should not act like they are above people.  My friends and I will not be coming back here.  The food is not worth it!
4	Wow!  Blue marlin ceviche with fennel and pineapple was phenomenal.  Oyster Po' boy taco was crispy and delicious, and the spicy gazpacho was silky smooth.  My daughter is vegetarian, and she thought that both the summer corn taco and the eggplant taco were really great.  I've been to yo Rita 3 times now, and it's always great.Returned on march 19 (Monday night so it wasn't crowded).  Food and service were again excellent - particularly the ahi tuna taco.  Other reviews neglect to mention that you get a basket of perfectly salted chips with both a mild and hot salsa to start.  With this, three tacos are plenty, and I have a big appetite.
5	I'm worried about this place - the last couple of times I have been here, it was almost completely empty.  The food is the best - daring combinations of flavors make the specialty tacos out of this world!  The bison meatballs are really wonderful.  During the summer months, the corn on the cob offerings are scrumptious, and the tuna taco is perfectly yummy.  Also, the specialty cocktails are all great.  You have to try this place.
4	This is a favorite, crave-worthy spot. Perfect for vegetarians and carnivores alike. If it's still on the menu, the asparagus tempura is the best! I also enjoy the beers on tap, the selection is small but quality. Most of the time I've gone here has been week nights or Sundays so I haven't really had to deal with a wait. This place is also so affordable (unless you start drinking, of course that will add up) If you get two vegetarian tacos you can be at about $10 plus tax and tip. I'd say two tacos is sufficient for a person with an average appetite...with the endless (and delicious) chips and salsa you also get.
4	I enjoyed this restaurant. Came to southside looking  to go to another place and ultimately made a last minute to decision to come here after much positive word of mouth. i wasn't disappointed. Got the starter red snapper ceviche which included pineapples and added a fruity twist to the traditional citric tangy flavor. I appreciated it but overall do appreciate the traditional ceviche which i still have a craving for.The waiters were pretty nice and i enjoyed the complimentary nachos with spicy and mild salsa.Tacos I got included the tofu, chicken, tuna, calamari and juan epstein. Avoid the chicken, its nothing special and could easily be made yourself. The others were a lot more enjoyable. Especially the calamari and the very interesting juan epstein. Calamari was crispy and fresh while the epstein was an interesting combination of duck kimchi mustard and pickle. it was sour but I wouldn't want it any other way honestly. The tuna pleased as expected but didn't wow me and the tofu satisfied any craving I had for tofu. I left pretty full and will probably come back to try their other flavors.Add the bar seemed like a nice place to pregame
5	Simple and flawless, at least on my visit. Creative, substantial tacos that won't break the bank. Nice interior with an expansive bar. Big flat screen TV for watching the Bucs. Laid-back vibe. Quick, friendly service. Very good value, and I would love to come back one day.
5	This was my first experience with high end tacos, and it definitely set the bar high.  First off, I was in love with the free chips and salsa that they set out as you sit down.  The chips were delicious, and I am hoping they were homemade.  If not, I want to know where they bought them.The bison meatballs we got were pretty good, but honestly I wouldn't waste your money or space in your stomach: save it all for the tacos.With that being said, I loved my tacos.  Of course, I got the most expensive ones, so I do not know if their other lesser tacos are as good, but the Duck pastrami and the Seared Tuna were fabulous.  The toppings that accompanied each were perfect for the combination.  I have to say, that was 18 dollars well spent.Next time I go, I may have to try some of the lesser expensive combos, because anything that has Seared Tuna and Duck is automatically going to be a 5-star.
5	First of all, it's not "mexican." The menu includes funky grits, Spanish tapas style patatas bravas, and then well-loaded soft-shell tacos that are filled with tons of delicious ingredients. Martinis were great, they've got good wine and beer, and the food was SUPERB. Great atmosphere. You can fill up a little on chips and then eat a taco or two or a taco and an appetizer -- sampling around a little. Everyone at my table loved their food, and I'd totally recommend it.
4	Yo Rita has been my favorite "fancy" taco place in Pittsburgh since it replaced the Iguana Grill. Since then, other places have opened (Smoke, Round Corner), but no one else seems to be able to pull of the experimental taco thing quite like Yo Rita.The ever-changing menu keeps the samplings fresh and when you find one...or two...or three...or in my case, FOUR tacos that you love, you need to get back as much as possible because they won't last for too long. As my wife found out, her favorite - the brussel sprout taco - disappeared with the seasonal menu update after only getting to enjoy it twice. Unfortunately, that's the way it's played, folks. Haha.The starters are also usually really good. On the current menu, the albondigas (bison meatballs) are excellent - albeit a bit spicy - and the patatas bravas are tasty! I just wish they'd bring back the mini chorizo corn dogs. Amazing.I would give Yo Rita 5 stars, but with the experimentation sometimes comes tacos that just don't work for me. That's not to say they won't be awesome to other people, though. There's also the rare occasion where the quality seem inconsistent. For example, we went last night to try the new menu, and the rock shrimp taco seemed to have shrimp shell in it. The flavors were good, but no one likes shell. Of course, the rest of my tacos were excellent...and considering I ate 5 tacos, 4 out of 5 great ones makes my rating easy to figure out.Yo Rita also has some excellent daily taco specials and great mixed drinks...oh and the free chips and salsa are awesome!The service is also a positive. They don't have a lot of waitstaff, but the small team usually does an incredible job, and the food comes out quickly.The cost adds up quickly, though, and it's tempting to order a lot. You do get a ton of food in each taco, but I know a lot of people who will look at a single taco costing $9 and feel ripped off, BUT since Yo Rita packs each taco with a lot of meat and a lot of quality, I've never felt like it was overpriced at all.Overall, it's definitely worth checking out!
4	The food is always great.  The always have exotic daily soup, taco, and seviche that are usually amazing and the bartenders can make some quality cocktails.  Not a fan of the owner's attitude towards her customers, but not so much that I wouldn't come back for their amazing tacos.
4	belly full of food.
5	The tacos here are fun and delicious! I kept going back just so I could try them all. Most items are a la carte so be sure you order enough to fill you up. Definitely worth a stop in.
2	I hold the Southside in low regards including the restaurants, stores and the rude/hipster snobbish disrespectful crowds that are drawn there.  Anything dealing with the Southside I normally cringe and make up an excuse why I cannot partake....however I went out to dinner for a friends 30th birthday dinner, we were a party of over 7 people.  Yo Rita's wait staff made us feel comfortable and not at all like a burden. When I go to an Spanish restaurant I have an affinity towards any dish with chorizo . I ordered a mussel and chorizo dish. It was easily one of the grossest sea food appetizers I have ever had the displeasure of eating. It was a bowl of dry hard chorizo bits and the mussels tasted like dirty bathtub water. Anthony Bourdain has this to say about mussels served in restaurants, "I don't eat mussels in restaurants unless I know the chef, or have seen, with my own eyes, how they store and hold their mussels for service. I love mussels. But, in my experience, most cooks are less than scrupulous in their handling of them. It takes only a single bad mussel, one treacherous little guy hidden among an otherwise impeccable group." Kitchen Confidential.  He goes on to say that mussels are left in a bucket of their own waste.  That's not something that any diner wants going through their heads while slurping on mussels. But with the way that dish tasted I had to believe that Bourdain's quote had some truth to it. Yo Rita's just another reason not to go to the Southside some more.
5	4 friends and I had been wanting to try this place for weeks based off rave reviews around the office so we finally did on Friday. Yo Rita blew our expectations away!!! We arrived about 7:30 and the restaurant was maybe 1/4 full, by 8 every table was taken (heads up, they do not take reservations.). They offer unlimited chips and salsa to get your meal started and have a good draft selection (five or six micros) and a really interesting looking drink menu. My only beef is that the drink prices are pretty steep, $9 or $10 for a cocktail. I had the chorizo/ dippy egg/ ancho maple sauce taco and the mushroom tostada  while my friends all had the special of the day which was an oyster po' boy taco. After everyone took their first bite silence fell over the table and no one spoke again till they were finished with their taco. A few mmmm's and omg's were heard, but that was it. The food was absolutely fantastic and we all agreed that multiple trips back to try the rest of the menu are in our near future. The service was fast, friendly, and attentive. As far as price goes, two tacos, a drink, and tip will run you about $15-$20. That coupled with the unlimited free chips and salsa and you should be out the door fat and happy!
4	These tacos are huge so the price makes sense. I was confused at first because I have never paid so much for a taco but darn these are good. I wish the hot salsa was more spicy but that is my only complaint.I got togo and they hooked me up on chips and salsa as well. Cool trendy little spot.You must try the grits! They were awesome!
4	I absolutely love this place. I first went there last winter at the suggestion of a friend. I first thought it was a tattoo shop due to the girl in the window (when you go there, you'll see what I mean). There is a long bar area inside and very limited table seating (I think about 8 tables). The tacos are pretty expensive if you're just looking at it from a 'taco-standpoint' but due to the portions, I actually think it's a pretty good deal. I love the braised bbq chicken taco! There's a variety of unique tacos. These are not authentic, Mexican tacos so don't go there thinking that. These are completely 'Americanized' with tacos such as the "crispy eggplant" or the "braised bbq chicken" tacos. They have a respectable wine and alcohol list as well as appetizers. I took a date here once and it cost about $15 so it's perfect for a cheap date night. There are no substitutions allowed so what you see is what you get.The atmosphere is pretty trendy, slightly dive-bar-ish. Very hipster-ish crowds there at times. The staff are quick with your orders, not very personable but I don't care as long as my food and drink orders are correct. They refill the chips and salsa expeditiously, when needed.I suggest going on a weeknight due to the craziness of southside on Friday and Saturday if you just want to try this place for the first time. Otherwise, if you're already in southside and you are starving for some taco deliciousness, head over to Yo Rita's! I can't wait to go there again!Oh and did I mention, free chips and salsa!!!http://yoritasouthside.com/
4	I tried this place late on a Thursday, so the crowd was sparse. The set up is cool, a bar to the right and tables to the left. There isn't a whole lot of seating so I would guess at certain times it's tough to get a table. The drink menu boasts quite a selection and there are plenty of draft beers to choose from too. Yo Rita takes a progressive approach to taco dinning. They have selections from traditional chipotle chicken to outlandish takes on the taco.We ordered:1 Chipotle Chicken1 Artichoke Heart1 Cubano1 CalamariAll were good and paired with different sauces to complement the meat or veggie. They only one I might not order again was the Artichoke Heart. Not that it was bad, just the other three totally overwhelmed it. The Cubano was the best, a perfect pair of meat, Dijon mustard sauce and dill pickle.All the tacos are in the $5-$10 range. This might sound expensive, but the tacos are huge and 4 are more than enough to feed 2 people.
5	OK, so maybe I had to wait by the door for too long for someone to acknowledge me.....BUT..when you follow that up with some of the best Pino Noir I've ever had...outstanding chips and salsa...delicious and flavorful albondigas, and then a super, super, flavorful, and unique seared tuna taco, you're alright with me! :)
3	I had heard mixed reviews so I came in last night to make my mind up for myself. My first impression was not a good one - our waitress was not well versed in the offerings and was rather abrupt with us. The chips were way too salty (and I didn't know such a thing was possible before tonight!). My wine was pour generously but wasn't particularly good. But despite this less than impressive start, I did love the grits and the tacos. The grits had a little bit of black bean dip and a red sauce that may have had a hint of tabasco. They had the perfect amount a butter and were delicious! I had the Crispy Artichoke taco and the Santa Cruz Fish Taco. It was nice to try something a little different, and they did a great job pairing the tacos with additional toppings to compliment the flavors. I definitely want to try a few other tacos, but I think I will see if I can order take-out next time.
2	What happens when you throw a lot of pretentious ingredients on a flour tortilla and charge $9 for it? You get Yo Ass Ripped Off. The $5 Mushroom Tostada, which my friend described as "gross," was an unidentifiable mass of ingredients that meshed into bland mediocrity. The "tacos," ranging from $5-$9 a pop, were decent, but only worth $4 at most. Service was slow, the men's bathroom was located in a dungeon, and look, I get it: people eat here to say they've eaten here.This is more of an expensive Tapas bar then a Mexican Restaurant. There wasn't even rice and beans on the menu. For shame!
2	The space Yo Rita occupies used to be occupied by this fantastic Mexican restaurant called The Iguana.  I miss it.I wonder if it is my longing for The Iguana that makes me so disappointed with Yo Rita.  The food is small, uninspired, salty, and over priced.  The tacos are ok but they are seriously ridiculously expensive and just not worth it.The restaurant feels sterile and its loud.  You also have to deal w S Side parking to dine here.The staff is nice, but Yo Rita just does not float my boat and I've dined there several times.  There is better fare to be had on the S Side.
4	I think I have a little girl on girl crush going with Yo Rita's, not sure if its the yummy Watermelon margarita, impossibly cute decor or the Chorizo tacos but I like what they have done with this place. This is not a Mexican restaurant really,  or late night bar full of tatted beauties to meet your after party beer goggle cravings. So don't get the wrong idea, its really a boutique bar that offers small plates and starters and fancy tequilas. They have other alcohol too, but if you're seeking that huge full plate of Mexican food.... nah it ain't here. Their tacos though are creative, and cheap at 5 a plate you can get two plates easily, I recommend the Ginger lime margarita and Watermelon Margarita. But they can just as easily make you any other stiff drink. One of my favorite happy hour spots, it goes so nicely with the Pale horse and that Shepard fairy mural :)
4	Very tasty tacos with unique flavors! Fast friendly service. A bit on the expensive side ($6-9) per taco but worth it if you don't eat there too often. Chips came stale but this was the only flaw.
1	Service sucks.  The hostess (surly, middle-aged blond) was unbelievably rude.  I don't know if she was having a bad day, but she did not need to take it out on customers.  No tacos are worth that attitude.  Good riddance.(PS on Apr 3)- I see other reviews suggesting the surly middle-aged blond may have been the owner.  That is so much worse than a nasty hostess.  If I could give this place a 0 stars, I would.  :(  PPS for the surly blond: Did you know you burn more calories with a smile than a scowl?  It might help with the thick thighs.
5	I love yo rita.  Their food is phenomenal.  I have never had a bad meal there....  there were a couple occasions my chips tasted stale :( but other than that the food is excellent.  Love the new mushroom taco ( sad to see the velvet taco go!), but if you like meatballs...  I would recommend the bison albondigas.  We always sit at the bar and the bartender is always attentive.  Thanks!
5	My cousin comes into town from Chicago like once a year and the first place he wants to go is Yo Rita. Besides the great drink and happy hour options the food is to die for. My cousin walks in and orders 4 Taco's and they are some big taco's. My most recent favorites are the Chorizo and Lamb. Get over to Yo Rita and eat some quality food.
4	After hearing about the unique menu here, I decided to drag my friends to try it out. The four of us were pretty impressed with our first visit. The restaurant is on the smaller size, but cozy with inviting decor. I ordered the Hibiscus Margarita which was a nice variation from the traditional margarita I always order. My only complaint is that this particular margarita is served in a martini glass, where as the other margaritas are served in larger margarita glasses. They were all the same price, not sure why they varied on size. The tacos were amazing. There are also so many vegetarian options to pick  from! Between the four of us, we had the Santa Cruz, Calamari, Salmon, Cuban, Mushroom and Trout tacos. The fact that there is a glossary in the back of the menu to explain certain ingredients really shows how unique the flavorful combinations really are. We are always looking for new foods to try, so this was perfect for broadening our horizons. Picky eaters may not be a fan, however. There is nothing plain on this menu!Our bill was almost $140.00 between the four of us, so this is definitely not a place you go to frequently if you can't afford to spend $30+/person on one meal. It is much better for a treat every once in a while.
4	Great, inventive tacos.
2	Had four different tacos last night. You aren't going for the decor or ambiance...service was good, but the food was meh....land taco was very good....soft shell crab was pretty good. Skirt steak was ok...hard to differentiate flavors and items sort of tasted the same...same flavor profiles...went to Jacks across the street to wash it all down!!
2	The place was average at best. If I'm on the south side I'm not looking for a gourmet taco. Taste wise, I'd rather have a dollar taco from the salon. They only have about 8 drink option and wouldn't make a loaded corona even though they had the ingredients. Wait staff seemed clueless and the bartenders wouldn't change the channel even though there was no on else there. I had to order the Moscow mile which took me an hour to drink and upset my stomach. Lastly the owner just stares at you it's very creepy...I won't be going back if I have any say in it.
4	amazing food, expensive but it is a meal you will never ever forget. watch it though, its cramped in the and the woman i presume to be the owner or manager was mean.
4	I have gone to Yo Rita three times now, and each has been enjoyable.  I like their diverse menu when it comes to tacos and the fact that the menu changes, however I'm sad that they don't have some of the tacos that I've really enjoyed.  The crispy potatoes (starter) are very good.  The salsas that they bring you are also super tasty; you can fill up on chips and salsa easily.  Most of the tacos that I've tried are excellent, but sometimes there are misses - some have been kind of bland.  I think the price is reasonable - I only ever need to get 2 tacos to feel full, and I usually don't eat them all since they're always so jam packed.  My husband really likes this place, and even my stepson was happy with the chicken taco that he tried (I was kind of shocked).  Service is a little slow at times, but it can be a busy place and they definitely don't have many servers it seems.
4	Went to Yo Rita last night to meet friends for dinner.  Parking is always a disaster on the south side on the weekends, but I managed to find a pay spot about a block away off Carson street.  The menu is pretty small, with about a dozen tacos and usually a special.  There is a good selection for vegetarians as well as meat lovers.  I am the latter, so I had a chorizo taco and a veal taco.  The chorizo taco had some sweet slaw and a dipping egg on it.  The flavor contrast was fantastic - spicy, sweet and savory all at once.  The veal taco was a breaded and fried piece of veal with bacon.  The flavor on this taco was good as well, but the chorizo was definitely my favorite.  Tacos are $7-9 a piece, so it's not cheap, but 2-3 tacos will fill you up.  It's worth a visit, though it may not be something that I crave every weekend.
4	A fun place to grab a drink and  bite. I went on a Thursday evening and it was full but there was no wait. Cool decor, cozy place.Food: they give you a huge basket of chips and two different types of salsa when you arrive.  I had their original margarita which was super yummy. They also have some other specialty cocktails. The menu is a little limited (reason for 4 stars) But their are several taco options including veggie options. I got the corn taco and steak taco- special shout out to the steak taco because the mean was super tender and not a nightmare to eat (like steak tacos can be..)Generally a fun place- Carson street parking is tough but it's fun to be close to the bars and action.
3	For the longest time I thought this was a tattoo shop.  Since I'm not tatted up, I never ventured into Yo Rita's.  Once I learned it had tacos, I had to try it.The bar/restaurant is on the smaller side and decor came straight from the Ikea catalog.  The taco list got me excited - I'm a sucker for a yummy or gourmet taco.  The tortilla chips and homemade salsa were delivered to the table.  Fresh chips and tasty (but mild) salsa... hey at least it was free?  After ordering a brew, we heard the specials.  I opted to try the watermelon gazpacho, but what I got didn't impress.  It tasted more like cold tomato soup than watermelon gazpacho.  I thought it would be cool and light... my stomach was unhappy with this selection.The tacos here sound really cool - "Santa Cruz Style Fish Taco" and "Chorizo Taco" were my selections.  Please keep in mind - these aren't dishes.  These are individual tacos.  They weren't large.  They weren't PACKED with awesomeness... they were just OK.  I will say the Chorizo Taco tasted like breakfast - chorizo sausage, maple glaze, topped with a sunny side up egg (mine was not very runny unfortunately).  Not bad, but not worth the $7 price tag.  I was less impressed with the Fish Taco - it was ... flavorless.  What happened to spice and seasoning you normally get with tacos or Mexican food, in general?  I want some FLAVA, Yo!!After balancing out the pros and cons, I settled with a 3.  I had a decent beer, food was ok, chips and salsa were tasty and fresh... but I was left feeling "meh."  If you're hungry, I'd venture somewhere else... with single tacos costing $6-$9, you might as well venture down Carson Street a bit further.I'm out, Yo.
4	I've never once been disappointed with the food here. Yo Rita is a place you don't expect to find in Pittsburgh, it seems like more of a Chicago type of joint. Reading some old reviews it seems people were upset with portion size and pricing, if you haven't been here in a while you need to give it another try. I've never left without being uncomfortably full of delicious food at a fair price. (And I also saw people complaining about parking...this isn't Manhattan it's not that hard to find parking. You just might have to (gasp!) walk a block or two. I guarantee you'll survive. Now for the FOOD - you start off with free chips and salsa. One is a milder salsa and the other is just a touch spicy. The chips are warm and delicious, beware that you could easily ruin your appetite as you get free refills on the chips. DRINKS - I've had a margarita here a few times and they were good if you're into that. I'm more of a beer drinker and they have some beers on tap as well as Modelo, Tecate, Corona etc. TACOS - I've never had a taco I didn't like here. They change up their menu now and again but always have a few that stay. The Santa Cruz is great and so is the BBQ Chicken for people not willing to venture out to their more exotic choices. I've always found that two tacos is more than enough for me and usually females are completely full after one taco. The prices run from $6-$9 usually, but as I mentioned two is more than enough. The space is a bit small so blast of cold air from the door can be a bit uncomfortable depending on which table you sit at, but they usually keep the heat up pretty high to combat that so it's not such a big deal.
5	It is so hard to find excellent Mexican food in this town! A friend recommended Yo Rita, and we loved it.  The al la carte Taco menu is unique, 2 tacos and a soup is more than enough dinner for an adult. The ambience is simple and clean, the bar is central to the small restaurant so it isn't a place for kids, which is one of the reasons we like it here. The margaritas were the best I have ever had. This will become a regular stop for us.
4	Love this place. A bit expensive for what you may think are just tacos, but they are oh so tasty and worth every penny. The menu is kept up to date but provides some standard staples, including the chorizo taco (comes with an egg). The soups are great and so are the drinks. The staff could be friendlier but don't let that keep you away.
3	This place is not my favorite. It's overpriced, and the food is just ok. The atmosphere could be interesting, but on this occasion, the floors were dirty and that started off the evening on a low note for me. I was looking forward to chips and salsa because I LOVE salsa, but I found the chips to be on the greasy side, though they appeared to be homemade. The salsa was good, but good salsa needs a good vessel!  I generally don't eat my salsa plain. I had a margarita, which was good, but for $9, it should have been better.We had the grits and patatas bravas as sides, and they were both delicious. I wish I had just eaten sides for my meal. The potatoes were perfectly crispy, and the chile sauce of the grits was delicious. I had the the santa cruz fish taco, and it was okay, but for $8, I was expecting much more. Perhaps I'm just a Smoke snob.Overall, I would suggest Smoke, or even Round Corner Cantina if you are in the mood for delicious tacos.
3	I've been to Yo Rita a few times. I agree with the other posters who say it's expensive - every time I've been there I end up adding costs in my head so I don't end up spending a fortune, because paying the guts of 20 dollars for a couple of small tacos does not sit well with me.The place is nice for stuff like birthday parties, you wouldn't go there all the time but it's nicely decorated and isn't unpleasant to hang out in. The cocktails are really nice and I like the free chips. So I think it's great for a small bite and some fancy drinks on a special occasion, but I wouldn't make a habit of going.
3	Yo Rita is all over the place.  They get an A for creativity, B for execution, and C for atmosphere and value.The inside is sparsely decorated and very dimly lit.  The food was inventive and tasty.  I gobbled up my very first Brussel sprouts, pineapple, avocoado, japeno and peanut sauce taco!  I had never even imagined this combination in my wildest dreams. I followed it up with "Velvet Underground" the root vegetables, aji peppers, cheddar, crema, and scallions, accompanied by grits with chile, cheese and corn nuts.  It included chips that tasted home made, and included a good mild chunky salsa and a hot salsa.  All of that was enjoyable.  The bad was, there was a long wait for tables, it was super crowded, loud and  they rushed us out as soon as we finished our meal.  It was Friday night in the south side though, and that's just par for the course there so I won't hold it against them.  My friends who are regulars said if you go on an afternoon or off night, they are much less rushed and offer better service, so I'll give them the benefit of the doubt there.  The menu is somewhat limited, but Yo Rita changes up their menu once a season with so it's worth checking back every few months.When you charge $6-$9 per average size taco, (when they are $1-$3 most anywhere else) you create an expectation for a higher caliber experience.  The food was good and inventive, and I would go back.  I would not call them a great value, but I have to give them credit for offering unique combinations I've never seen anywhere else.  I'd aim to go on an afternoon or week night to avoid the rush, and plan on getting something wild and adventurous, if you just want a plain jane standard taco, it's not worth the trouble when taco bell has them for 99 cents.
5	Ay yo that carne asada taco is BAAAANGIN (A+ marinade and so tender). I thoroughly enjoyed the fish taco as well. Everyone on the double date just got 2 tacos, but deep in my heart I wanted to try every taco on that menu. The mango margarita was delightful and the table chips & salsa is actually pretty yummy and not boring.Could be thought of as pricey, but the quality was there and noted. If you want a $3 taco, go find a food truck. It's a trendy spot, but ain't nothin wrong with that. I got my eye on the chorizo taco for next time.
4	Great for cocktails!I will say, I was under the impression that this is a full-fledged Mexican restaurant. However, it is not. I would describe it as a niche bar (with kick-ass cocktails), that also happens to serve $9 tacos (and a couple apps for around the same price) if you get some drunk munchies.The tacos were very good. I enjoyed the fish taco very much ... although hardly worth going back for at $9.And according to my friend, if we want to solve the salt shortage, look no further than their veal taco. She seemed to wince in pain over its saltiness. Didn't try that one, but all of the tacos sounded good and interesting, although I probably won't be going back and paying so much for them. Tacos are supposed to be the people's food! We did all love our cocktails though. I had the blood orange margarita, which had the perfect amount of jalapeno essence. The rye whiskey drink with lemon was one of the best cocktails I've had in a while (can't remember what it's called sorry), but dear god, try it.
4	i graduated college 3 years ago... i'm not a south side person anymore. it's fun once in a while, but i'm just really over the super crowded bars with people trying to dance all over you and drinks that are half the size and double the price. but i end up on carson street often for concerts, and when i'm early and need somewhere to grab a drink, i always feel my options (of places i'll like anyway) are limited. so, i was killing time before a show at club cafe and my boyfriend suggested this "really cool taco place across the street". i was not disappointed.yo rita is small. we were two of three customers when we walked in. one bartender and one cook on duty. yep, my kind of place! i got the hibiscus margarita (love flavored margs that aren't frozen, and that's often hard to try) which was delish and not TOO sweet. then we ordered food. we split the empanada. it was tasty but extremely small - they aren't kidding when they say small plates. we each got a taco - yes, one singular taco, normal size soft shell, but surprisingly filling. i got the veal one, which was excellent.we each had a shot of tequila (which our bartender gave us a summary lesson on because neither of us drink much tequila) and hit the road.i really liked hanging out here - it was chill, good drinks, good food, nice service. but there's a reason it only got 4 stars. the food is TINY portions. the prices AREN'T tiny. one or the other should step up their game, i don't even care which.
5	Yo Rita. I sincerely wake up in taco sweats, dreaming of the next time I can get my mouth around one of these decadent tacos. Unfortunately, I will not be able to soon--I moved to Austin, Texas. And while I'm on the subject of Austin, Texas, I have yet to taste a taco as creative and delicious as this little gem at the end of East Carson Street.My boyfriend and I used to live closer to the Hot Metal Bridge side, so we would make it an event getting to walk down to that side of town, maybe even stopping into a pub for a happy hour cocktail and stopping at another on the way back for a night cap. We were always so excited to see what the new featured taco was.Seating is incredibly limited here, so please don't wait until you're ravenous to eat, because its highly likely you'll wait. This made it incredibly taunting and I considered on more than one occasion reaching over and eating some chips off of someone's table.Ah, their chips, though. Also incredible.Everything about this place is perfect. Just go. And don't whine about the taco prices. They. are. worth. every. penny.
5	Yo Rita is a must for my 1st review! Ugh the steak taco at this place is everything I have ever dreamed of in a steak taco, muy perfecto!! I've tried a few others but this is def my go to! The margaritas are on point and I can't say I've had bad service yet. I will forever recommend to anyone. And no for onlookers, it is not a tattoo shop... Just a prime hidden gem that thankfully not too many people know about! Yes yo Rita!! You get it girl!!!
1	Service sucks.  The hostess (surly, middle-aged blond) was unbelievably rude.  I don't know if she was having a bad day, but she did not need to take it out on customers.  No tacos are worth that attitude.  Good riddance.(PS on Apr 3)- I see other reviews suggesting the surly middle-aged blond may have been the owner.  That is so much worse than a nasty hostess.  If I could give this place a 0 stars, I would.  :(
