4	I haven't had acrylics done in years and with my new job, really want to look professional.  I REALLY needed to have my nails done!I live nearby, so stopped in to Seatop.  It's incredibly clean!  That's my biggest thing with nail salons.  There was only one person working, and she was just finishing up with someone else.I wanted the white-tipped nails.  I'm used to a guy names Dan who used to do them.  He used clear tips, then painted them white.  I prefer this method.  Seatop uses white tips.  I was a little put-off by it, but they look great!  The woman who did them was extremely detailed.  They also have a long row of pedicure chairs.  I plan on going back there this weekend to get my piggies pampered!
5	go for the works, people.... and it isn't that bad - $30 deluxe pedi.... to die for.great massage chair and soak - no need to bring your own magazine - they have them ALL!  Great selection of polishes - OPI, Essie, you name it.  For $30 you get, a great pedi, callous removing treatment, parafin wax treatment, HOT ROCK leg and foot massage, great lotion massage and reflexology foot treatment, then a great polish job - and I mean great - I have had to go up to 3 weeks in between and the polish lasts - base coat, 2 coats of polish, top coat and an antichip coat are standard!
2	I've been here about four times, and the first three visits were nothing noteworthy, but today's visit ensures I won't be back. I called to request to come in at 12:30, and they still kept me waiting even knowing I had come on my 30 minute lunch break. And now my eyebrows are uneven, with a bald spot on one side. She said, "oh you have no hair there. you pencil it in." well, I HAD hair there - I don't even own an eyebrow pencil.  Feh. And my eyes and lip are blotchy red, too. I know that's a common occurence, it's just never been this bad for me. Not sure if that's coincidence or not.
3	Cheap, Cheap, Cheap. I got a fill for $11.99. I think they filled my gels with acrylics, but at that price I really didn't care. My biggest pet peeve when it comes to nail is when they pile them on to thick and you have 4 pound weights on each finger when you leave. This was not the case at all here, they were thin and they looked decent afterwards. I wouldn't recommend this place if you are looking for some serious pampering, as it is a bit run down. But if you are looking for a quick fill or cheap mani/pedi Seatop isn't bad.
4	Great Prices. The nail techs are very friendly. Get the Deluxe pedicure, it's totally worth it.  They have a nice selection of good quality nail polishes too.
2	I went in this afternoon for a mani-pedi.  The shop was empty save for a woman at the nail drying table and one getting a set of acrylics.  The gentleman doing her nails took a couple minutes to acknowledge me standing there and once he did, he grunted to me to write my name on the clipboard.  He then yelled toward the back for someone to come out to help the new customer.  Having forgotten my own bottle of OPI nail polish, I selected one from the display on the wall and sat in the pedi chair as instructed.My tech, "Jennifer," was friendly enough but hard to understand.  She listened to what I told her about my pedicure and did a nice job.  Partway through she told me she would do a spa pedi (including callus remover, a paraffin foot treatment, and hot stone massage) and mani for $40.  Perfect.  My feet ended up smooth and the polish looks great.  I can't say the same about my hands.  I asked her to file my nails straight across, not curved, but she didn't listen.  She left red polish smudges all over my fingertips and seemed put-out when I asked her to clean it up.  She smudged the thumb and instead of removing the polish and redoing it, she just used the clear topcoat to smooth it out.  I ended up coming home, taking the polish off my fingernails, and doing my nails myself.I may go back for a pedi, but I'll stick to doing my manis myself.  Definitely not worth $40 combined.
5	Walked right in, sat right down and left with smooth feet and pretty toes. Good prices great pedi. I'll definitely go back.
2	Staff don't really acknowledge the fact that you're there, aside from when they're trying to add on services.  I guess they're used to groups of people going together, instead of going by themselves.  Either way, the service was sub par, I kinda got rushed out at closing time and ended up smudging my nails.
1	WARNING: DO NOT GO THERE! If I can give a negative star I would!My 2 friends and I were looking to go get our nails done as a treat for their birthday and since they were the closest we called before we went to make sure it was enough time since they were about to close. They said yeah yeah come in. So we go in and not even after a minute they began rushing us that I didn't even have time to pick a color and just grabbed the first thing I saw. The list of all the horrible this place offered to me 1. The guy starts doing my nails and he was extremely aggressive that it became painful. 2. He completely butchered the sizes that no 2 nails were even remotely close to matching another when it came to length or actual shape. 3. There were flies all over that it was annoying and just dirty4. There full set was $20 and I told him I wanted my shaped as claw nails and at every other salon I have ever been to just charged me an extra $5 but this place charged me an extra 10 which I didn't even complain about or would have bothered by if my nails were done correctly.5. He didn't even bother to push my cuticles that literally the next day it looked like I needed a filling because they looked like they were already grown out6. I wake up the next day with one of my nails BROKEN when this never happened to me before and I didn't do anything to cause it to breakSo I ended up paying $32 with tips. I wake up the next morning just infuriated by the state of my nails and just feeling like it was the biggest waste of money. My friend then convinces me to go back and get them "fixed". I go and tell them what happened and they guy that did my nails was there and of course they talk so much crap about me without even trying to hide it. And even after "fixing" them they were still awful and looked grown out and the shapes were horrible. Which led me to the conclusion that they are just awful at their job and do not know how to be nail technicians.  And this wasn't just me who got the messed up nails but my friend's nails were also extremely messed up too and had the same issues.SAVE YOUR MONEY AND GO SOMEWHERE ELSE! I WOULDN'T EVEN GO IF THEY PAID ME!AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL!
5	My new nail spot. So cheap and legit work. Close to my place. Repairs are cheap too. Little bit of hood never hurt nobody.
1	I went in to get a fill and not only were they rude but told me they were closed. They still had the open sign on and refused service . Guess they don't want my money.
5	I've been coming here for years for service.  Overall they do good work. It's clean and reasonably priced.  Eyebrow wax is a good deal too. I got the new girl "Nancy".  She is very gentle and thorough. She actually speaks English and was making conversation with me. Thanks "Nancy".Update post pedicure:  "NANCY" IS AWESOME!  The best pedicure I've ever had here!!  Go see her!!!  5 stars!!!
5	The customer service is unbeatable absolutely superior! No one does nails the way Nancy does! They last weeks & weeks no cracking chipping fading & she is fast as lighting.
2	I've been coming here for years. I find this location to be a great place for a pedicure. Yesterday I made an appointment with my usual nail tech and when I arrived today the main girl Ann said "Kim no work here anymore". WHAT??  WHY wasn't I told this when I made my appointment??  I've been coming here for years!!  Very unprofessional and rude. They lost a customer.
