5	The look and feel of this place is amazing! you have yo check it out. With good prices on drinks and a hot, friendly staff how can you go wrong.
5	Was visiting Scottsdale and went to the Rockbar!  Best night ever.  Great crowd, amazing service.  Will definitely be heading back when I'm in town.  My new fave bar!
2	Apparently this place blows on Sundays, even when the 49ers and the Giants are playing a semi final game. Such a shame because as you can see from the photos I took, the TV layout is pretty rad. There is also a rooftop patio with its own bar and again, many TV's available to watch games.Rockbar does not have a kitchen but they do have a very limited menu that patrons can order off of from the Philadelphia Sandwhich Company that will be delivered to your table. There is also a "gourmet" hot dog stand directly in front of the enterance, that per the owner, offers all-beef hotdogs with 22 different toppings. Oh, also their drink specials blow at 6:45 on Sunday evening...$5 wells is what they have to offer. The service was great, but there were only four other patrons in the bar for the short stint we were there.I'm going to give this place another try on a different night and I'd also like to see it as a music venue, my update review can (hopefully) only go up. At least the owners have their friends/employees, with 0-2 reviews each, writing five star reviews...good strategy, play on playa ;)
2	Ah...Rockbar Rockbar.You know your location is haunted right? Haunted with failures of the past!I really hope things work out for you guys. Its a great location, and a great deck/patio.SO me and a couple friends went there on a friday night. We decided Rockbar would be our first stop to try it out at 1030. Yes it was very dead inside, but still a little early?The downstairs bar was very nice, the female bartender very friendly with no problems. But then upstairs...looking beyond the good decor, large bar, and nice deck, not as fun as it should be. The bartender Kevin? EXTREME lack of customer service. EVERY bar has the same damn drinks...its the atmosphere and customer service you need to stand you apart from the bar next door.I hope that they get some training, or new employees to bring up the atmosphere and I am sure I will be back again (cuz its close to my friends work)
4	The one bright spot in Scottsdale if your a 40 year old music lover.Hope it works out for them, love the live music!!!
3	Visited on July 4th with some friends. The place was dead when we went that afternoon. There were about 8 of us, and two others groups of 3-4 that came in at different times. There was one bartender, but we didn't have to wait for service at all. Drinks were cheap during happy hour and that was a nice surprise.This place used to be Acme, and if you'd been to Acme the inside will still look pretty familiar except for the new stage that Rockbar added. Might be worth checking out when they have a live band, but otherwise nothing really makes this place stand out.
3	Decided to check out Rockbar since the last I was there it was Acme.  They did a great job with the indoor outdoor configuration, the bartender was very attentive but was really dead.  Thought this place would be happening for happy hour on a Friday - obvisouly I was wrong.  Not to mention no kitchenLike most comments on here, great place and location but was not hoppin' at all.  Will have to check out later in the evening when the band is there.  If it's still there : )
4	Tucked into Old Towne Scottsdale, near to a Philly Cheesesteak place, is a nice little place called Rockbar. The name says it all. It is a place to go and have a few drinks and listen to some great music.  Lately, they have been featuring Hucklebuck, an awesome coverband, and the place always gets jumping when they are on stage!The drinks are good and strong, and not badly priced.  No food is served, but they do allow you to order from the Philly Cheese steak place, thru their computer, and they will deliver it to you in there.Gluten/Celiac note: No cider beers here unfortunately... must stick with the hard liquors.
4	I think I had a good time here. We were already a little tipsy when we got here, being drawn to the sound of live music.  I really can't complain about the $3 cover charge (it's Scottsdale after all) but it seemed like the band stopped just as we were settling in at the cool upstairs patio and they did not seem to play consistent sets from that point on.In all fairness  the reasonably priced (and strong) vodka sodas may have affected my concept of time. The staff were friendly enough, the patrons not too terribly uppity and it was nice that the place was not packed and the aforementioned upstairs patio is a great vantage point to watch the hot messes on the street below. I'm sure it gets packed other times but I quiet enjoyed having my personal space and being able to chill.
5	Rockbar has become a regular spot on my rotation of favorite places to go. I'm in love with the way they remodeled it since acme...and to be honest the staff has become like family. They've got a great vibe at rockbar, and plenty of live music acts. It's a great place to unwind and get silly.
3	Went here for first time on Wed., 10/17/12 - great set-up and friendly service.Lots of room to move about and booths/tables for different options.Safe to assume the venue is "pet friendly" as there was a very large, but sweet bulldog bellied up to the bar taking in the scenary. :)Music was great but way too loud. My friend (from out-of-town) and I were trying to catch up, but sometimes we couldn't understand each other - even when we were yelling. They may want to consider turning the volume down a notch.Overall, good place!
4	Well I'm a Wildcat in a Sun Devil bar wearing all my gear because we were at Blitz across the street watching my tram getting their butts kicked!! My friends are all sun devils so in my anger I said let's leave Blitz and go watch ASU so I can at least see one AZ team win!ASU lost..of course..but I still had a good time here.lol. I like the open feel of the bar when they open the garage style window by the bar. It made me feel like I was sitting outside even though I was inside. I love four peaks and nice to see they had Hopshot on tap. And the price was great. Looks like they have a stage for music..when I was there there was a DJ. Anyways I would consider coming back if I find myself with some Sun Devil friends!
4	Rock bar rocks. Went there Sat night before Christmas with a couple friends. No cover... not sure why?  Perhaps it was too early... or maybe it was the beautiful red headed model type that took us there...  Anyway, the band was playing their version of 70's hard rock good and loud (awesome by the way).  Went up to the 2nd floor patio bar and the bartender was friendly, pretty and skilled in proper pours.The owner actually walked over and made sure we were having a good time (that's how you run a service biz by the way) and we had a great time.I'll be back!
4	If you want beers and sports, come here!
4	With the right band I love this place - Saw Elvis Before Noon here on Saturday. I like upstairs which is usually more chill - especially when it's nice out. The upstairs bar, couches and pool table are not to be missed.
3	I havent been here since this was Acme. Went here on Saturday night for a friend of a friends CD release. They utilize the alley between them and BS West as a patio. The downstairs seemed alright. Bar, booths, stage. We decided to get away from the crowd and go upstairs.Dear Scottsdale (ahem) ladies, If you plan to wear your stilettos and come here, do not go upstairs. Especially if you plan to driiiink. They are very steep and not very forgiving.The patio was very nice. It provide the perfect acoustics for the band playing downstairs. There is a bar up here, though they seemed to be out of everything. The bartender was not very attentive, but also not very busy.Im not entirely a fan, but Ive been worse places.
3	Fairly good venue for live music. Appears that there's usually enough parking along Craftsman's Court or 5th. It was good, varied crowd there to see local favorites Money Shot. The $5 cover wasn't excessive.I'm pretty sure the drinks were watered-down, but the service came with a smile.Note to owners and prospective attendees: I'm sure there are bouncers, and they need to keep an eye on what people are doing in the crowd. There was an altercation that could have been prevented. Ladies need to be ready to let the staff know when guys are getting too attitudinal.
4	I went here due to my curiosity of the blend between rock music and the typical Scottsdale venue. Based upon my first experience, this place has potential - unlike the band I listened too.. but they at least had some passion.. no, that's not the word.. delusion, but enough about them. I paid a cover to see a few bands, out of none I have ever heard of.. and most likely never will. I sat down at the bar and the girl behind the bar lip read my order (due to the high volume), and she did it flawlessly. I was very impressed. The place itself is nice enough, and I am a big fan of the fact that you can sit outside on the other side of the bar. When it comes to the clientele there is a clash, because the establishment does not attract the real metal fans out there, but instead a glam-version of such. The people that want the grit of the image but still enjoy a decent cocktail. I have a hard time wrapping my head around it, and yet it does amuse me. Overall I will give this place another shot, because it has great potential.. and since I imagine the clientele and atmosphere changes with the band, I might have just caught a slow night. *** For you metalheads out there. This establishment does not cater to the metalhead, it caters to the occasional metal listener. This is not a posh version of a true rock bar, this is a fictitious Hollywood-up version of such establishment. For better or worse. ***
5	Always a blast, Very safe place.  Reasonable drink prices and great music in the heart of old town.
5	I'm kind of a regular there now so I may be a little biased but I like RockBar a lot. Cassie and Nima are great bartenders and there is just a fun and uplifting vibe there. I'm not a big fan of the bands that are brought in but watched a ton of football games there, played bean bags and just had a sweet time.
5	Best place for live music and cool, down to earth people. Highly recommended!
2	Music was awesome! Drinks were overpriced enough that I gave this place a two. Maybe that's par for Scottsdale but I don't think 18 dollars for a captain and coke and a double red stag and coke is acceptable.
4	I spend a pretty fair amount in Scottsdale and the same old, same old bars can get a little trying.   It was a nice departure to hit Rockbar on a Friday night and enjoy the rock-a-billy bands downstairs and the chill, ambient mood upstairs on the rooftop deck.  It was definitely fun checking out the action in the alley nextdoor and the bartender could not have been sweeter.  Kinda limited on wine choices "red or white" at the downstairs bar and while my expectations aren't higher than "anything but Chardonnay" it was super nice of the upstairs bartender to run down an find something other than Chardonnay for me.....Great view of the hip little Old Town hood and really comfy outdoor living furniture to relax in.   I would love this even more if it was in Chicago's Old Town
4	This is a bar and venue that caters to rock. The establishment has two levels. The lower level has the main bar as well as the stage and ground outdoor wrap around patio while the second level (take the stairs behind the bar) has an outdoor bar and a 360 degree patio as well as a billiards table. The split level is very appealing, especially since the upper patio has some view of Scottsdale. The establishment was very clean and the service was fast and friendly. A friend of ours had a bottle so I didn't order anything and therefore don't know what the drink prices are like.
4	Our hostess/manager/valet/bar keep/was very attentive and enjoyable. Really turned our bad day around. Thank you!!!
3	Well, I usually have wandered into and out of this bar pretty quickly on most nights. It is hit or miss with the crowds and usually half empty. As I was wandering around for football on Monday, the bar had an unusual green glow. Turns out that the Eagles have landed here and I mean every scummy Philly fan has found this place who lives within a 30 miles radius. The only cool person in the place was the Buffalo Bills bartender dude on the top level. Ok, full admission is that I'm a NY Giants fan, but luckily I was not wearing my gear because our two fan groups do not get along. I do give them credit for $3 Coors Lights all game, but the Philly Steak place next closed and they have Capriotti's doing food, which is like having Burger King cater your wedding. Still, if you like the Eagles and they happen to be playing, then it's your place and on the other times go upstairs for the great views or listen to the B level bands downstairs.
1	Came here Bc a friend was meeting someone. A fight broke out and spilled into the street. We stepped out a foot off the patio to watch, bc it was three Cowboys fighting and pretty funny. Cops came, and suddenly a guy wearing a t-shirt and a backwards hat ran up and grabbed my wife and ripped her drink from her hand. He ran off and then came back and cussed us out. He said he was the owner and that he has a "million dollar business" and that we cannot take drinks out of the limits of the bar. I told him I understand, but he assaulted my wife and he began to cuss me out and tell me he is a business owner and I don't know what I'm talking about. I told him there is a right way to do things and he could've nicely asked us to walk back to the bar. His name is Alex Mundy and he is a douchebag. He ruined our night, now we're going home. To be fair, the staff apologized for their owners asshole move, but he did not. I hope his bar fails and his staff get better jobs elsewhere.
4	Great Venue so much better than a completely indoor one. It gets way to hot and stuffy when you are completely inside. They have a hot dog stand at least when me and my hubby were there they did and it was great to have some munchie food. The bartenders know how to pour their drinks. They are expensive but we'll worth it. I'll happily go here again.
4	Went here for an Eagles game with my buddy.....they are the Eagles headquarters for games. A great place to catch some live music. Typical atmosphere you would expect from a "rock" bar.....awesome smoking patio. Our waitress Cassie was amazing.
