2	My aunt bought me two shirts for Nordstrom Rack. I didn't care for them and visited the store to return them for a refund. I explained the situation and handed the clerk a receipt. She promptly returned the credit to my aunt's credit card. Hey wait. *I* wanted that money. So the clerk made some clicking noises with her tongue, tapped the touchscreen, looked around for help, blushed, stared at the receipt and generally wasted time until a manager finally told her to void the transaction.By the time I received my refund, I was short on time and didn't bother shopping. I did scan the shoe aisle because all shoes with orange tags were on clearance. The problem: None of the shoes on the rack had an orange tag. And Chuck Taylor's at $30? Fugg that.I wound up spending the money at Shirts'N'Things on some sweet rock T's. WAKOW!
4	Great place for the tall guy!I think the chain goes something like this...- Nordstrom Stores sell the current season inventory. - Returns and season closeouts are sent to "The Rack" at discounted prices.- That which does not sell at the Rack, is sent to "Last Chance" to be run through at the lowest prices.At least that's the way I understand it in AZ.I love the joint because I can get unhemmed pants here for a reasonable price. Not cheap, but reasonable.
4	In all of my shopping adventures at The Rack, I've found each day can be hit or miss. Some days they have very little selection of high quality clothing and other times I've seen $700 high-end designer dresses marked down to $30. They key, I've found, is to go on the days when their new merchandise arrives straight from Nordstrom. I somehow got on the Nordstrom mailing list, which I don't mind because they send postcards with the dates of these fashion events when new shipments arrive. These are the dates when the best selection of designer clothing comes straight from Nordstrom. So, if you can make it a point to show up, you're bound to find what you're looking for at a bargain.
3	I've visited this location several times, and agree with Julie that it's hit-or-miss. But I guess that's how most of these outlet-type stores are.While the selections of jeans, sweaters, shoes and purses are OK, I think this is a great place to come for dresses. If you have a wedding or some big cocktail party to go to, you can get a really good deal on dresses. I have no reason to buy any, but still find myself browsing through the dress racks whenever I come here!
4	Four and a half stars would probably be more suitable for my review since it's only the third best place to shop for value in its own parking lot, but since its return policy was so liberal and there's an abundance of hard-to-find brand names, I give it 5. I think other reviewers are confused as to what kind of store this really is. This is not an outlet store and this is not a store where something you liked on Tuesday they'll have more of on Friday. This is a store that sells new (unlike Last Chance in Phoenix) merchandise that is of a previous year or has expired its shelf life in Nordstrom department stores. Because you cannot find your size or color in something you like or because you liked something last week and now you can't find anything is not the fault of the store. This is not a mall store.This is a right-place-right-time store. Find your item in the right size and acceptable color and grab it at a discounted price.Sometimes I do more browsing at Norstrom than actual buying. It's that kind of place. Walk to TJ Maxx and Ross so it's not a wasted trip.The clientele of people that shop at The Rack are also of a higher class. This place could easily look like a Ross Store with all the shoe racks, but it doesn't. Aisles are clean and uncluttered and shoes and clothes seem to stay in their proper places.Employees are consistently walking around restocking things or fielding questions and The Rack puts an appropriate number of people at the registers so that lines move quicker.A few years back NR was very liberal about items it took back. Translation: It took back used items as well as items that didn't even come from Nordstrom. I've heard this from multiple sources, including an employee. Imagine pulling a shirt out of your closet you got from Target and taking it back to a different store for a credit.NR took these items and shipped them to Last Chance, a store on Camelback/Highland that sells new and used merchandise with no chance of returning or exchanging--hence the name. The Rack is not as liberal on returns as it was but it's still a great place to shop. High end brand names in shoes and clothing, a clean store that's easy to move around in, register lines that move and very attractive female customers.
3	You've got to be in the right frame of mind to go to Nordstrom Rack. It's not your typical outlet store; you're not going to get amaaaazing deals and walk out the door with thousands of dollars of merchandise for twenty bucks.Rather, you'll pay mid-line prices for designer merchandise. $700 Armani suit? $300 at the Rack. $600 Burberry sportcoat? $250 at the Rack. $30 pair of designer underwear? $10 at the Rack. Sometimes the selection's awful. As of this week it looks like an Affliction factory threw up all over the men's section. (Though apparently they're catering to their market, as half the guys there were already wearing at least one piece of Affliction clothing.)But sometimes...  sometime's it's freaking awesome. You walk in, and there is the perfect new piece of clothing, nestled carelessly among the Ed Hardy and Affliction. And you buy it, for a very reasonable price, and you enjoy it. I only wish I'd known about the Rack before I bought  a crappy suit at Men's Wearhouse for the price of an awesome suit at Nordstrom Rack.
4	Like any discount retailer, the Rack is hit or miss.  But when its a "hit", oh my, get ready to shop!  I have found great deals on sunglasses ($30 for my favorite pair of Marc by Marc Jacobs shades), jeans (under $100 for Seven, Citizen, etc) and shoes (including my beloved pair of Franco Sarto peep toes that I snagged for $35).  You can often find good dresses here for special occasions.  Happy shopping!
4	They don't sell any racks, but what they do sell surprised me.I walked in and was greeted by a case of watches contain some decent movado and TX watches and the prices were pretty good too. More surprising was the fact the sales person knew about the TX watch, and obscure offshoot of timex.I also found they they have one of the best hat selections around and I was quite pleased to find a nice hat and it was just $20.I noticed with much of the clothing and shoes that even at 1/2 off it can still be a bit steep with the high starting prices.75% of the store floor space is allocated to womens clothing and I can not comment much on that.The one thing I did hate was the checkout line, I hate lines and it seemed awkwardly placed.
3	Nordstrom Rack can be hit and miss. I have found some pretty amazing deals on shoes and clothes but other times I leave a bit disappointed. I have also found some nice jewelry and accessories for cheap. I recently bought my husband some Acqua di Gio cologne by Giorgio Armani for about a 25% discount. I was excited to find it because this is my husband's signature scent and I find it absolutely intoxicating! The only problem is when he opened it up it smelled NOTHING like the original Acqua di Gio scent. I promptly returned it for a full refund without any problems. I still love shopping here but beware of the fragrances and make sure the scents are authentic.
4	If you are reading my profile, you will see I was just at Nordstrom's.  Nordstrom rack basically has all of the overstock, or last years styles at a big discount.   For people like me this is perfect, I don't really care about the absolute most current style trends, and would prefer to spend money on fun, trips, or other stuff.  I like having nice clothes, but can't stomach paying out my butt for them..good place
4	I've been quite a few Nordstrom Rack, and this location has a great selection of designer clothes and Sale Racks.  You can definately walk out with some great deals.  I'm not too fond of the shoe section, though.
5	I'm a HUGE fan of Nordstrom Rack.Their staff is professional, friendly, and always pleased to help you and serve you - this is based on numerous times going there and them helping me do shoe hunts (that when you find the one R shoe in a size bigger/small you like and then hunt around for the anothe R shoe should be somewhere in your size throughtout all the racks because the kind lady found the L shoe in your size in the back.. and she's helping you out).. or them still being patient and kind with you as those in your shopping party are gazing at nail polish trying to decide on a color when it's past 9pm and they're already closing!  Their clothing selection is awesome!  I have found awesome going out dresses, work pants, gym clothes, sweaters, etc... for not-cheap, but respectable prices (hey, they're not Ross, so get over it).  I also have bought nice jewelry and glasses and purses there ate a considerable markdown and still leather, or a nice fashionable name brand.They have a clean store, friendly staff, frequent spottings of clearance shoe/clothing racks AND they have this nifty debit card you can get (not a credit card) that earns you points for using it there.. I'm not THAT big of a shopaholic to require one, but if you're gonna shop there frequently, might as well earn points (and cash) while doing it.Oh yeah and returning stuff there is a cinch!
3	A bit "messy" than the other Nordstrom Racks I have visited (I'm spoiled).  But maybe because I went on a weekend.  Friendly & speedy checkout despite the lines!  I love their new eco-friendly "email your receipt" option!  Good shoe selection (not as many as Scottsdale location), nice assortment of clothes & tons of sunglasses.  NR is also a great place to go bra shopping, especially if you have an "uncommon" size.  I racked up!
4	Good selection, service and people
3	A little messy and watch out if you go on the weekends, it is super busy and those people are sharks trying to get deals. I loved their purse selection and the fact that they had a large collection of Betsey Johnson. The shoe selection was just okay. Great store if you like shopping at Nordstrom or Saks.
4	Addicted to the hunt! Rack is the outlet of Nordstrom however they do have current styles in stores now. It's hit or miss, as with any discount store, however I just head straight for the sale racks. Sometimes  you can find some amazing deals, (Cashmere sweater - originally $248, sale $19, Sam Edelman sandals $14, etc) you just have to be patient, check in often and cross your fingers.
3	The prices still higher than other designer outlet stores.
5	This location was just remodeled. Very clean. Checkout line is much more efficient now. I am a somewhat lanky and skinny guy. Finding button down shirts that fit perfectly is a chore. The Nordstrom brand has a slim fit that fits me the best of any shirt I've found. The Rack is a hit or miss kind of place. I say about 25% of the time I go in, I walk out with a bag in my hand. But when I have a bag in my hand, it's full of super discounted, quality gear. You can not judge this place by 1 visit. Sorry to any reviewer who poorly ranked The Rack after only 1 visit. You need to go a few times. Since their inventory fluctuates based upon what is at Nordstrom, and what season it is, sometimes it's a gold mine and sometimes its a land mine. Be patient and it'll pay off.
3	We were on a black dress shoe for work hunt today and decided to visit Nordstrom Rack. The store was well organized and they must have been having a huge sale. Tons of designer labels and things were clearly marked down from department store prices. We found the perfect shoe and took it over to the window to get its matching pair. There was a line probably 3 deep. I saw a manager walk by and radio, "show window" Not more than 10 seconds later, I see 4 staff members assisting with shoes. They had a lot of neat stuff but I was not convinced that the price was right since TJ Maxx and Ross and in the same shopping strip.
5	This is my favorite place to come and scour for bargains.  I almost always find something adorable for way less than I would pay at Nordstrom's.  It usually well organized and easy to shop, I hate digging through racks that aren't sized.  I come about once a week to check out what's new.
3	I have a shopping problem and Nordstrom Rack certainly doesn't help with that. I really love this store, it has everything you could ever want, but at prices that won't make you stay away like that floor at Nordstrom that you know better than to go on. You KNOW which one I'm talking about. I have found some awesome stuff here, from hair product to coats to make up to designer jeans. I have found designer shoes for practically nothing and super in style! I really love that they keep the selection up and their sales are generally massive. The reason I gave this store only three stars is because the last time I was in there I happened to take my stuff to a little counter that sits amongst the racks to make it more convenient for those paying with credit cards. As I'm there the guy can't scan some hair product so I offer to go grab another one while he finishes ringing up my other things. When I come back there's this obnoxiously rude blonde girl ringing up someone else and practically pushing me out of the way. She would NOT move. While my stuff was on the counter. Being rung up. Before she ever got there. I was fuming. She was so up in my purchase that the guy ringing me up forgot to take a safety tag off as skirt so of course the alarm goes off. Thanks, rude girl. Anyway, I love this store, but you sometimes have to search for really good deals and then there's the rude blonde chick. Other than that it's a super sweet indulgence!
3	The selection here seems better for women than men. Maybe I came on the wrong day. Who knows. It seems like the better clothing options are found in the skinny short men's section. That makes no sense to me considering that most of America is fat. Like I said it could totally just have been the day before inventory came in. The staff is friendly but that doesn't really matter if they don't have anything I'm interested in. I don't know how but it seems like TJ MAXX next door is the better option.
5	So helpful.  My kind of store.  I had to return some sandals I bought for my granddaughter and not knowing better I misjudged her size.  I bought them in Denver  awhile ago becuse they were so darn cute.  I had to return them when I got to Arizona.  I did not have my receipt but no problem.  The lady found them somehow and gave me my money back.  Oh yes.Then I went back in the store and bought more things and used up the money from the sandals and then some.  Still need a cute pair of sandals in a kids 6 or I guess adult 6.  Bummer.
4	This store is hit and miss, but if you've got the time and the patience to search, you can find some treasures. I especially like the makeup and denim sections, while I have never once found a "deal" on a pair if shoes here- better prices can be had during sales at the department stores. I love that I can add a new designer item to my wardrobe for a fraction of the cost, even if it was from last season (who cares?). Yesterday I bought a pair of Joes jeans on clearance for $32 marked down from $178- yes please!
5	Addicted to shopping here I get almost everything here Daniel rainn is my favorite brand!! Your clearance items are amazing, I can fit in their junior items so they're a little less pricey for me think goodness! Prices are obviously much better than Nordstrom its still coming from Nordstrom which is nice so good quality clothes
