4	I have been a member of the VMLSC for the last 8 years.  The rates are good, the facilities are generally well maintained, and the amount of equipment is adequate for the number of members.This is not a gym for everyone.  The hours are not convenient for a 24 hour town.  Their hours are:   Monday to Thursday, 8 a.m. to 9 p.m.; Friday, 8 a.m. to 8 p.m.; and Saturday 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.  They are closed on Sunday.  They used to open at 6 AM and they were open on Sundays, but budget cuts and staff reductions have forced shorter hours.If your schedule fits these times, it's a great place to go.  The people who go there vary in age - well maybe there are a few more retired people than the 30s range, but it a nice group.There are tow main rooms for most people - the fitness room and the weight room.  The fitness room has 8 treadmills, 2 stair steppers, 4 ellipticals, and 4 stationary bikes.  The weight room has a nice variety of weight training equipment and there is a good collection of free weights.In addition to these two areas, the facility has larger rooms where yoga classes and dance classes are held.  There is a standard gymnasium where we play paddle tennis several days a week.While this place may not be for all, it's a great little gym to join and enjoy.The photos I've included do not show the fitness nor weight rooms.  Older people with larger girth tend to get a tad cranky when you take their photos with sweat and all from exercising.
5	Attended a little graduation ceremony at this facility and was impressed that they have such a nice place like this in town. Ver clean, spacious and a lot to do (from what I could see). The gym looked a bit small (compared to the big name gyms in town) but overall, I think if you have kids that need somewhere to go for activities, this would be it.
2	Soooooo I have had a hard time thinking about what I would write about this place. I love the fact that the cost won't break your bank but my experience hasn't been that great. We had signed up for mommy and me ballet and I've given it a good two months of trying it out. The first class was pretty great and then on our way to class (takes us 15-20 min to get there) about 5 minutes before class started they called me and canceled. Well thanks for the heads up 5 minutes before class was supposed to start....then the next couple of weeks it was just instructors being 15-20 minutes late and then the class was just horrible which we never got the time back that they had missed. The class ranges from 18 months-3 or 4 years? and it was just disappointing the next few weeks of class. The other moms in the class weren't very friendly unless you were apart of their group but I met another "outsider" who had a toddler the same age as mine.  Overall, the experience was not great but I would definitely try a different class or wait till they got a better instructor.
