5	I met the owner, Sam when he worked at a chain prior to opening Goodfellas.  I wanted my son to have time to feel like a boy because he's stuck with his single mom and big sister all the time so I took him to a "real" barber shop for the first time when he was 3 and gratefully we got Sam when we walked in.  Sam left the chain to open Goodfellas and he personally called me to tell me where he would be so we could continue coming to him.  My son is now 8 and looks forward to his visits to Goodfellas every 7-8 weeks and adores Sam.  Sam knows my family and genuinely cares for me and my children.  I always buy gift cards for the men in my family and I have never heard anything bad from them about the service they receive.  These people will treat you like family and always go above and beyond what is expected of their services.  I HIGHLY recommend them.
5	Sammy has been cutting my hair for years.  He is absolutely, "THE MAN"  he does such a great job and he is fun to be around. When ever I come out of his shop I just have this big ole grin on my face, I don't know what it is.  For years I have heard how women like to go to the salon and make a day of it.  Now I know what they mean.  Getting your haircut from Sammy and the boys is more of a social experience.  It's like hanging with the boys.   Enough about Sammy, here are some of the features of the place. They always use great products and items like straight edge razors to shave your neck and hot towels.  Fantastic. I would never even consider going anyplace else.
4	I've been having Sam cut my hair since 2002 when he was at a former barber shop and moved over to Goodfellas.  Such a great guy and really gets you in a good mood when you are there.  You will feel like a million bucks after leaving.  The barbers are a great bunch of guys.  Sam is not in every day so I usually just walk in and have the next available barber cut my hair.  So far I have not had a bad haircut yet.  Definitely a little on the pricey side which is the only reason I am not giving it a 5 star.  Other than that the experience is great and worth the extra few dollars for a haircut.  Being able to watch TV (each seat has a personal TV) is a nice touch during your haircut.  If you are up for a shave that is quite the interesting experience and something every guy needs to try out 1 time in his life.  Definitely go and check out Goodfellas next time you need a haircut.  You won't be sorry and the little massage hand machine they finish you off with at the end is quite nice.
5	A good barber is like a good mechanic...once you find one, stay loyal and you can't go wrong.  Goodfellas fits the bill.  Sam is a master at his craft.  Flat screens showing sports, good conversation, great haircuts/shaves and an old-school-where-you-went-with-dad feel.  I can't reco this place enough.
4	I was traveling and needed a quick haircut. I found Goodfellas through Yelp and I can say i was not disappointed. The cut looks great, although when I left I had more product in my hair than "The Situation" on Jersey Shore. Nonetheless, the stuff washes out, and I am left with a great cut that I've already received two compliments on, from my guy friends (quite unusual). Next time I need a cut in AZ, I'll be back to Goodfellas.
4	I started going here a few months back and haven't been disappointed.  I haven't been wowed either.
3	Short version: Good haircut, just not what I wanted.Long version: I found a 10% off coupon on their website, and there were mostly positive Yelp reviews.  Figured I'd give it a shot.I called ahead to make an appointment, which apparently wasn't necessary.  No one ever checked to see if I had called ahead, but I was seated immediately, which I guess worked out okay.  I'm a bit particular about my hairstyle, so I did my best to explain it to the barber, showing on my old hair the length I wanted it to be, how I would style it, etc.  Instead, he left it too long and slicked it back like I was LITERALLY in "Goodfellas."  the reason for that is that the guy who did my hair jerked my head around and was a bit rough on the ol' follicles.  He never really asked if I liked the cut, or if I thought it was short enough.  Given the beating my noggin had endured from the cut already, I wasn't about to correct him.If I were one to style my hair as he did (think Michael Imperioli's character from "The Sopranos" but a bit shorter), it would look good.  As is, it's passable, but I don't think I'll be going back to a barber who doesn't give me the cut I want.
4	One of the few downsides to accepting a job in Scottsdale was that I would no longer be near my favorite barber shop.  I needed to find a new head-shaving spot fast.Goodfellas is a great shop, with talented barbers.  I really like how the barber stations are laid out, it's very cozy.  Being a minute from the office is a plus as well.This is a manly shop for manly men like me.  They sell cigars.  If they had a scotch bar I'd probably move in.Bottom line, I've found my North Scottsdale barber shop.
4	OK, sorry for the delay in updating since visiting Good Fellas several months back.First off, if you do not reach someone live on the phone when you call, keep calling!Do not expect to receive a call back if you leave a message, Once you manage to make an appointment, the service is great.I went in for a traditional face shave and was very pleased with the quality of work performed. Unfortunately I can not comment of their haircuts since I had one prior to leaving for Phoenix.But if you want to treat yourself to a nice relaxing shave, I highly recommend Good Fellas.
5	I take my son here for his cuts.  He has been coming since he was 2.  You probably would not think of coming here for a child's haircut as it is a "Man Space."  But, they do a terrific job with children and even have a fun certificate for first haircuts.  They let him watch cartoons (instead of golf and other sports that were on the other tvs) My son loves going to a real barber and I believe they do a much much better job than a child's specialty place. I highly recommend this place.  But, if you are the mom that brings the child, know that you are entering a guy place and expect your son to eventually tell you that he would rather go with dad than you. :)
5	Awesome barber shop.  They are the best shop I have ever been to and I am picky when it comes to my barber.
2	With this name I was expecting a few old italian barbers, not so. They like most barbers in Phoenix pull out the clippers and later look for sissors, well maybe. Then they wash your hair. I just find it backwards. When after sixty years i have alway found a real barber first washes your hair. Then they ask you what you would like. Then with sissors they cut your hair. They use thining sissors to help your hair "lay" correctly. And usings a razor they smooth your hair. The clippers now come out for the clean up.That's how a professional old time barber does, and yes it does take a good half hour.The barbers I have found in Phoenix do hair cuts in twenty minutes or less, but they could fall back on sheep sheering if business is slow.
2	1/15/13 Update:I have been coming here on and off for the last four years.  I've had two different barbers during that time, first Rebeca who moved to Virginia and now Vmir.  They've all been great!  In Scottsdale, there are a few different places you can get a good cut.  But, this the only place I keep coming back to each month.9/25/13 Update -- Ed (Vmir) has moved on, now so have I.  Reduced from Four Stars to Two Stars for reasons I won't discuss.
5	I have been going to Sam and Al for a few years now, and they are great barbers.  Not Stylists, Barbers.  I appreciate the time and care they give every customer, and I don't mind waiting if I am a walk-in (they do accept appointments).  This is what a barber shop should be, and I get a good cut and friendly service each time.
5	Simply put, no better place to get a cut and shave. I walked in with 6 customers in either in the chair or waiting to be. I was in a chair in 4 minutes. It took me 30 seconds for Ed to understand exactly what I was going for and off he went. With out me even having to tell him where I needed the most attention he navigated through the entire cut flawlessly. Such a beautiful cut I won't even have to style it for a week. Perfect experience and you will never find me in another chair.
5	I moved to Arizona nearly 2 years ago have been nervous about finding a new barber. As much as I travel to LA for business, I'd just hold out to see "my guy" in LA.Well, Edward (Vadim) at Goodfellas easily trumps my LA barber. He is not too chatty - which I do not need. He is, however, meticulous and methodical in his work. I don't think he left a single hair out of place.The establishment is clean, and the stations are a combination of old world charm and modern amenities. The movie posters are a bit over the top (Goodfellas and Scarface) - but not offensive by any means.
5	Men have three choices for getting a haircut.We can go to the chain shops, not pay much and spend the next few weeks hoping it will grow back.Or we can get our hair styled, pay a lot and deal with it never looking the same as it did after we walked out of the salon.Or we can find a place like Goodfellas who give you a good haircut and toss in some good conversation.I'm a big fan of Goodfellas. I've been coming here for years and Sam is my man. As other reviewers have noted, all of the barbers are good.They do take appointments on weekdays but the weekends are "first come, first served". Their prices are also reasonable it's more than SuperCuts but you won't be wearing a hat for the next few weeks.FYI, this shopping center is a confusing mess - GoodFellas is located a few storefronts down from Paradise Bakery.
2	I used to come here twice a month and always had Sam cut my hair. He did a great job and I was so glad to find a barber that took pride in cutting hair and the way I was used to barbers cut my hair in the past. I've since moved and gone to a handful of other barbers near my house, but they don't seem to know how to cut anything other than a flattop. After my last nightmare at MUGs, I decided to ride up to Goodfellas and get a real haircut again. I walked in on a Wednesday afternoon and they seemed pretty busy. Sam had his chair full, but there was one kid (Fernando) that had an open chair.  I asked for a shampoo and cut and had to remind the kid when he started to use the clippers on my hair. He said they wash after the cut because it's easier. I see why now, because as someone else mentioned, he seemed to be unable to use anything but clippers to cut hair. I asked for just a trim around the ears and it was too late he just clipped away until I had almost all my hair gone. I was furious that you could even be called a barber to cut hair like this. I felt like I was bothering him by making him work and received the most half assed massage I've ever received from Goodfellas. Sam always washed my hair first and then used scissors and THEN clippers to clean it up.  Maybe this is an Arizona thing with people who claim to be barbers, but coming from the east coast, barbers never cut hair with clippers alone. I may try Goodfellas again if I make an appointment with Sam, but I would never go here again as a walk in.
5	I've been coming here for over 5 years.  Sam is the only barber I've used. He's a great guy and knows what he's doing.  I think the best testimonial is that every time I come home after my haircut my wife compliments Sam's work and she wonders how he gets my hair to lay and blend so nicely.Highly recommended.
5	Just finished what I would say was my best cut and shave in all of my 32 years. AL is amazing.. you could say a gentle giant.. found this place in a whim and so glad I did! I will be back as AL has earned my business!
1	I stopped in to get a head shave and a beard trim, most horrible experience ever!  I walked in, nobody greeted me, I waited for quite a while and then when I thought I was next, a guy walks in a takes my spot.  Apparently he had an appointment, then I'm up next again and a mother with two boys walk in and they had an appointment. I'm 45 years old and been going to barbers all my life, I've never been ousted twice like that and since when does a man's barber take appointments like a beauty salon. The guy draped the hot damp towel over my head and didn't make sure I had an air path, I felt like I was going to suffacate, TWICE!  He shorten my beard and mustache and wasn't going to trim and edge them. I had to ask if he was going to edge them.  I will never go back there.  A head shave and facial hair trim is suppose to be relaxing, I was stressed out the entire time and the amount of lotion/oil he left on my head and neck was enough to lubricate my Ford truck.
5	Sam has been cutting my hair for years. I couldn't imagine going anywhere else. Great service and never a long wait.
5	Wow! What a find. With my lack of a full head of hair, most places just run a #2 clipper setting and kick me out. Not Goodfellas. Ilham was meticulous!  It was the kind of care you would extend to a Family member. And then he noticed I needed a shave so he offered a hot shave. OMG!  One of the best I've ever had...and I've had a few from my travels all over the world.  Let's not forget the price, $45 for all this so I was sure to tip him $15. This could have easily cost $60-$80 at most anyplace else I've been if not more depending on where. The bottom line is this; if you ever find yourself near Scottsdale, AZ you absolutely need to give this place a try.  You definitely won't regret it.
