5	This is one of the coolest guitar shops I've been to. The dudes at the store are very knowledgable and are great about sharing knowledge when it comes to guitars and amps. They also have a Fender Authorized guitar tech on staff. I highly recommend this great Scottsdale guitar shop for buying guitars for on-going maintenance. They also give guitar lessons.
4	Smaller store, but friendly, helpful service, and some good deals as well! I bought my Boss tuner here and it was cheaper than Guitar Center! They have a different selection of guitars than most joints, so its worth it stop on in every once in a whiole to check it out. Strange location in a 70's-like outdoor mall, but its kind of funky-cool in a way!
5	Great selection, great prices, and great staff - what's not to love?I recently dropped off my family at the nearby mall and drove over to the Guitar Gallery. I had seen their website listed as a Reverend dealer and wanted to check out their selection. The shop was a little hard to find, and in an unexpected area (back of strip mall, not visible from the street), but worth the effort to locate. Parking was very easy.The staff was extremely helpful and friendly. I found out later that they don't work on commission, which I think always helps the attitude. I wish they did work on commission though, as I would have liked to reward my salesguy with some moolah. He recommended a great Strat that I ended up purchasing.They seem to have about 30 each of electric and acoustic guitars, and a few random other items like ukeleles. While they may not stock as much product as Guitar Center, *everything* there is top-notch. I was like a kid in a candy store! Or more accurately, a middle-aged dude in a botique guitar shop. :) I must have played at least half their electrics that day.It took me a while to decide, but I did finally buy a guitar. The staff never pressured me to purchase, and were efficient when I did decide to buy. They even called the store owner at home to see if they could give me a better deal on the guitar I was buying. Now that's some impressive service! I ended up getting the brand-new Strat for $150 less than Guitar Center has it for on their site, so I'm more than satisfied with that deal.
5	Pretty small outfit, but the great staff fill the space with a selection of electric and acoustic guitars, and more importantly their knowledge and skill.  You'll see a slew of recently-repaired guitars, waiting for pickup -- a testament to their abilities and fair prices.I dropped of a hand-me-down guitar for a set-up, hopeful that was all that the old gal needed.  A non-rushed order, they called me a two days later (one of the days was a holiday, even!) to let me know she was indeed in poor shape and I'd be better off buying new than spending unnecessarily on a crappy guitar.I ended up getting a new guitar elsewhere (no negative on them...I'm just cheap and went the online/no-tax route.  However, my new shiny geetar needs a setup, and I know just the place.They also give lessons, I believe, but I did not inquire during any of visits.  That's not to say I won't...anyone who has heard me play knows I'm in great need of more expert advice and tips!Please, please, please, please, please spend your money here rather than Guitar Center.  That place is insanely horrible.
5	Small little gem tucked in the back of the shopping center.  Obviously the selection isn't as big as Guitar Center, but the quality is much better.  Nice staff, good prices, highly recommend.
5	Currently taking lessons from Nick O. And having a blast learning how to play guitar. Nick is great at determining how well I've progressed through the week and through practice. Very talented guitarist and very skilled instructor.
5	I've been buying products from this store for well over ten years. This is the best guitar shop in scottsdale, period. Staff is very helpful and their prices beat guitar center almost every time. Their guitar repair is fair priced and excellent quality.
5	Incredible selection of guitars and pedals. Don't let the size of this shop sway you from going because they have packed it full of great gear. They are also the only shop in town I have found that sells Strymon pedals which was a big deal for me. Thanks again!
5	Very friendly staff.  Small shop usually with some cool stuff.  I have bought a lot of accessories from them over the years.  Always very helpful.
5	Super great store!  Really friendly and extremely knowledgeable staff, they are really easy going and they'll go out of their way to help answer any questions and provide support or service for your guitar. (y'know, no attitude; just great info and great service).  Lesson space in the back area has got a great vibe - seems like it was built out of reclaimed funky french doors from old craftsman homes, etc.  Teachers are superb, and can really tailor your lesson to your particular interests & level.  I came in at a fairly basic level and I have loved learning through super relevant examples (eg. my instructor can discuss a particular chord progression and then quickly run through a few examples of songs that use that same chord progression, but in different ways to produce entirely different feel for each example - same for various modes, or various strumming techniques).  I came in wanting to learn about how songs are put together, and before I knew it, my instructor had me writing my own song rhythms & melodies (didn't know I had it in me) and he had me adding colorful riffs, etc.  The lessons really took me way beyond my own expectations, which has been super enriching and fulfilling.  Can't recommend this place highly enough!!
