4	Since this is a Kimpton Hotel my standards are fairly high. The reception area and pool are very well done, in typical Kimpton fashion. The rooms are nice, however could use more work. The bathrooms are completely remodeled, but the little amenities that I'm use to like the Ipod docking station, flat screen tv, cordless phone, room service past 11pm and multiple outlets (i'm an electronics junkie) just aren't there. The room really feels like any other average hotel. The spa was lovely, but it is not a full spa. I was hoping to sit in the steam room before my 90min massage, but unfortunately there wasn't one to sit in. The massage room was nice and the largest I had ever been in. It had it's own private bath/changing room and a large copper tub close to the actual massage table. I was pretty bummed I didn't add a bath to my massage. All in all I would stay here again since it's in a great location. Plus, the guys at the bell desk will give you a ride (within 3 miles) in a Cadillac Escalade free of charge. That was a great when it came time to partying at night!
4	Firesky Resort is great find. We had friends make the hotel resos, while we took care of other parts of the trip. As we walked into the lobby, it was pretty grand  without being too over done. Makes you feel totally comfortable upon walking in.  The staff was great- totally laid back, friendly and helpful.Our room was good too, nothing too fancy, but everything you need.  Super soft sheets along with the perfectly weighted feather comforter.The pool area is was fab, it's open 24 hours for a swim.  Where else do you find that at?  So, when it's still 95 degrees at midnight, you can cool yourself down quickly.  Kimpton Hotels always include that special touch and this one is no different.  We'll be back and it was nice to venture out for our stay and still be so close to everything you need.
5	I'm not sure why everyone is hating on the Firesky. Firesky is a solid five.The pool has a sandy beach.There is a water slide.There are fire pits all over the backyard.There are complimentary s'mores kits at the front desk.The robes in the rooms are leopard print shorties. Rowr!Free wi-fi.Everyone here is super friendly (genuine and honest) and you're told up front not to tip anyone.If you're a Kimpton member (free!) you get room upgrades, complimentary wine in your room, and a pet fish for your stay.
5	The perfect size, lots of personalized service, beautiful pool area. Hip without the annoying hipsters. I felt very comfortable and happy here and am now wondering why I left....
5	Very relaxing. I saw the fish too. Nice touch. Everyone really is very friendly, which just makes everything that much more relaxing. Lovely.
5	I just vacationed in my own city at Firesky Resort... it was a great getaway!  I highly recommend Firesky for out-of-towners and for in-towners just looking for something different to do...Firesky is a beautiful hotel without the attitude.  All of the employees that we encountered during our visit were extremely friendly.  We took advantage of the escalade service and went for dinner in old town on one of the nights... it was great not to worry about drinking and driving or about getting a taxi... we just called when we were ready for our ride and Matt was there within minutes!  Firesky is dog friendly... Minnie was able to join on our vacation and had a blast too.  She even hung out by the pool with us one of the days.  (I saw a sign that said 'no animals' by the pool but it was later on and no one said anything all day long).Decent rooms, decent fitness center, great parking by your room too... no need to valet here!  I will have to check out the spa during our next visit!
3	Don't understand the high ratings here?  In general Yelp reviews tend to be too generous.  Have stayed here a few times now.  First time I arrive no room, stayed in meeting room on roll in bed.  Second time hotel under construction...no one told me at booking.  Bar and restaurant closed limited room service.  Third time after renovation  and new name (previously the Caleo Hotel) the place was still only OK.  Kind of spendy especially when I was in Phoenix in the middle of summer.  I stayed at the Four Seasons for less money and a way better hotel.   Parking is easy and free, location is good, restaurant and bar fair at best. Unless you can get a deal on the price here I wouldn't recommend it.
4	I'm generally a fan of the Kimpton hotels - this was another pleasant experience.  I stayed here with 2 other gals for the PF Chang's Half Marathon.   The service was excellent - there was some confusion and multiple stories about late checkout depending on who we asked, but other than that, staff was very helpful and friendly.  The rooms were really nice, of course, and the grounds were fabulous - hot tub and pools.  This place is significantly more resort-y than other Kimptons. Oh, and we LOVED Elmo, our little goldfish buddy!
4	The location of FireSky is what made it so great for us. Easy to walk to old town Scottsdale or the big mall. The staff was as helpful as at the other kimptons. The pool/courtyard area is really relaxing. Try to get a ground floor room on building 3 i.e. room 308 as they open directly into the pool area without giving up any privacy. If you like to run, the canal system is less then a mile away so no need to drive to get a nice run in.
3	Not bad but not great either. Considering the cost per night and it's location, my expectations were quite high. The lobby is amazing with lots of wood and high ceilings. The lounge area by the pool is also very cozy with mini bonfires to keep you warm. The rooms were a major disappointment. I feel like I've seen similar rooms at a motel! Pros: the service, the free wirelessCons: roomsI'd still recommend it for it's proximity for easy accessibility to parts of Scottsdale.
5	We spent the evening of July 4th at Firesky and had another fantastic experience!  We arrived before check-in and sat by the pool for a few hours with some friends.  It was crowded but not so much that we couldn't find lounge chairs and a spot to hang with the dog.  We ordered some poolside drinks and food and enjoyed ourselves immensely!After a power nap and shower (great water pressure in our room by the way), we took the complimentary shuttle over to AZ 88 for some drinks and dinner.   From there, we went to Rusty Spur and then called for the shuttle to pick us back up... it worked perfectly and no drinking and driving was key!In speaking with Cheryl, the Assistant GM of the property, we learned that they will be doing another renovation later this month.  We previewed one of the new rooms, and were wowed - they are going to be pretty sick, not to mention eco-friendly too!I look forward to many more in-town get-aways at the Firesky... I cannot say enough how friendly the staff  is, and how amazing it is that they are dog-friendly!  We didn't get a chance to go to the Spa or to Taggia during this visit either, so we still have another excuse to return soon!
5	What a great find!  We made plans with friends to stay over the 4th and spend the day by the pool.  We chose this place because it was dog friendly which i thought was so cool.  I am going to work on my dogs manners so I can take her to places like this.  Michael and I arrived early so we had lunch at Taggia along with a couple of their chambord margarita's before heading off to the pool.  btw try one of those margaritas... so good.  The pool was nice... they had a full service bar and grill, the staff was so friendly and accommodating.  The rooms were very nice and the beds were so comfortable.  We really enjoyed our 4th of July and will definitely keep this place in mind for the future.
4	I have stayed here about 6 or 7 times now over the past year, and I love it. The first time, I totally got lost trying to find my room so if it's your first time, take the map :) it was late for me and sometimes I can be super-clueless.At the check-in desk, they offer fireballs, which is awesome! The lounge is gorgeous and the pools/poolside area? No competition. Happy hour of complimentary wine and beer from 5p-6p? Just what I need. I agree with a few fellow yelpers about the rooms - they seem a bit dated but I'm not a huge fan of the southwestern style. Still, very comfortable beds and pillows, and the robes are a bonus. Everyone is super friendly too. Taggia ROCKS. I've had the margherita pizza and the butternut squash ravioli - both great.I'll be back next week and I can't wait! I took a photo of the pool area and it's my desktop background. I dream of this place.
3	I've never stayed here, but Firesky is a hidden jewel. It's very unassuming from the exterior. But inside is impeccably decorated. Great for conferences parties/receptions b/c of the location and large meeting rooms.
5	My boyfriend and I stayed at Firesky for a weekend over the summer and it was probably the best experience we've ever had with hotels/resorts. Firesky is part of the Kimpton Hotels. I found a good deal on Orbitz.com, and was told that Kimpton hotel do price matching. So I called them, and they did! If you are a Kimpton member, you accumulate points towards free stay.The hotel's lobby had lots of comfortable and chic seating areas. Upon entering our room, we were greeted by bottle water(which was great because it was 110 outside), chocolate, and a cute goldfish. We had a great balcony which was under the shade. There were also loccitane toiletries and a honor bar.The staff were extremely helpful and friendly. They offered to check in flights and print out our boarding passes. They also have a red escalade driving all hotel guests to and from any destination within 3 miles radius of the hotel, free of charge. There are two pools, one resembles a sandy beach, another one has cool water falls. There are cabanas all over the place too. We spent most of our time lounging by the pool. Oh, and the bartender made killer mango mojitos! Every morning they offer complimentary coffee and tea, and in the afternoon there is the complimentary wine tasting. We had a great time in Scottsdale thanks to Firesky, and definitely will be staying there again when we come back!
5	This is my favorite hotel of all time, so far, at least of the Kimpton ilk. I experienced nearly impeccable service and a super comfy bed, organic and local products, a lovely shower, and general happy relaxation. I love that the gym and pools are open 24 hours a day. The decor, half Asian deco and half Southwestern, works works works.
5	This property has come a long way since the Caleo Resort and the Sunburst Resort - the former names. The current iteration doesn't have the problems you'd read in other reviews of the place - it is clean, modern, and has a great "pool life." It's also close to the Scottsdale shops, and close to all of the Scottsdale golf. It really is a gem.
5	I would like to live here forever. I will write more tomorrow once I leave, because I don't even want to waste one more minute not sleeping in the comfy bed.
5	Ok, sorry...it took me several days to collect myself. 1. Best service I've ever received in a hotel. EVER. 2. A fish named "Tierra" was in our room. Cool. They said I requested her...but I know for a fact I did not, as I did not realize that fish requests were accepted. Now I know. 3. Arizona has an unfair advantage. The weather is stellar. 4. Two pools, a hot tub and a lagoon. A sand beach pool. Comfy couches, chairs, chaise lounges, tables, etc. None of this cheap plastic stuff up in here. Pure relax mode. 5. Patio room. Free Wifi. Great restaurant. Beautiful. 6. Comfy bed. Clean room. VERY clean. Tastefully decorated. Can I please go back now? Tierra needs me.
5	This has to be the nicest hotel I've ever had the opportunity to visit.  Beautiful, classy, yet completely down-to-earth.  I don't think I opened a single door for myself = classy.  Dog friendly = down-to-earth.  I could go on and on.We made it our mission to test nearly every aspect of this hotel.--Beds?  Comfy.--Wifi?  Free.--Shower?  Great water pressure.--Pools?  Yep, two of 'em, perfect for a midnight dip.--Hot tub?  Nice for a soak for two inexperienced hikers who'd had a long day.  (Followed by a midnight dip--doesn't get better than that!)--Restaurant?  A little pricey, but very tasty, and also used local ingredients.  Love it (and anything that gives a boost to local economies in struggling times like these).I could go on and on from the goldfish in our room (we miss you Tierra!) to the opportunity to make smores at the fire pits in the evening (all compliments of the hotel) to the Escalade that would take you anywhere within a three-mile radius of the hotel...it was a lovely experience.Dog friendly, and most definitely people-friendly...worth every penny.
5	Stayed here for the RocknRoll marathon like 80% of the guests and absolutely enjoyed my stay.the hallways to the rooms were the only slightly blah decor, all other things such as the bedrooms, bathroom, lobby, restaurant and pools were great!Amenities included:1. pet fish (that someone else fed)2. complimentary granola for the race day3. smores for our firepit (next to the pool)4. nice wait-staff that was pleasant and chatted us up5. super fast towel replenishment service (4 girls use up a lot of towels)6. great cabanas -we never had a problem snagging one or two of them7. happy hour, decent food, delicious alcohol...8. cool lobby area with lots of places to looooounge at9. dog friendly10. heated poolslove it!  I will stay here again for sure..
3	Recently stayed here again. As I have stayed here now multiple times over the last several years and have seen the multiple name changes and face lifts of this hotel I feel obligated to update my prior review. I must still state that most of the yelp reviews here are way over rated. Look this isn't a horrible place but certainly not 5 star as multiple previous reviewers have posted (IMHO). Positive: Pools and grounds are beautiful. Yelp photos don't do it justice. Restaurant was way better on recent stay. Food was excellent. Room service was prompt. Staff is friendly. Negatives: I still contend it is pricey especially off season. Again, the Four Season's in North Scottsdale was actually cheaper but less convenient for me so I stayed at the FS. There is no comparing the two hotels (see my review of 4 Season). I don't care for newly decorated rooms. To be honest I preferred the old look. The exercise room is a joke. No locker room, sauna, or steam.  Half the rooms face a parking lot which can get noisy. Denied me a late check out after staying there 5 days. Anyhow, check it out if you must. Let me know what you think.
4	Kimpton does it AGAIN...this time with the Firesky Resort and Spa.  I think they teach a course on how to be nice to people here because all their employees are SO nice.  And not even in a creepy too nice way....they actually all seemed genuinely interested in how cold it was back home in Chicago and how I was I enjoying my stay. And how was I enjoyed my stay? Very much so! Thank you for asking.My room was spacious, clean, full of l'occitane products (I'm guilty of stealing some...shhhh), and there was a fruit basket waiting for me in my room.  My room overlooked the enticing pool that I never had time to use- drats.  Also never had time to use my 25% coupon (given to me at check-in) at the spa- double drats.Just 2 little complaints:1) The free internet service was spotty, which can drive a workaholic like myself absolutely insane.2) They changed their security system while I was there, which meant none of the original room keys worked. I walked ALL THE WAY to my room to discover my key didn't work and then had to walk ALL THE WAY back to the lobby to see what the deal was. Couldn't the nice man who greeted me when I first walked in the lobby warn me about the key problem?  OK, it wasn't really that far, but I was spoiled by all the fabulous treatment I got there!But those itty bitty complaints won't keep me from returning from Firesky. And next time I'll be sure to make some time for the pool and spa.
4	As a travel consultant for cre8adventures.com, we came away impressed. This is a moderately priced getaway of unquestionable value. For travelers seeking style in an in-town locale, this chic desert retreat may currently fall behind the Mondrian, but it easily surpasses Chaparral Suites next door. The staff is showing off its Kimpton training, and the service standards were very welcome. This hotel gets high marks on all fronts.Taggia, the hotel's new restaurant, is a stylish Italian venue with a unique Ligurian-anchored menu that features fresh seafood and creative traditionally inspired dishes. A large kiva-style fireplace warms the alfresco section, and waterfalls surround it.The only downside is that Kimpton hasn't fully finished up on the room makeovers yet. Compared with Kimpton's usual attention to room furnishings and design, these digs are mild-mannered. The older patterned carpeting was disappointing.Still Kimpton has done an admirable and feverish job at making over this property. Kudos.
4	i'm a local and decided to check this place out with a couple of friends.  we decided to chill by the cozy pool and dip our legs into the jacuzzi.  we loved the fire and waterfall features.  the main lobby area was very comfortably laid out and inspires guests to mingle with each other.  the beds by the pools were very comfy and i loved the little sand bonfire.
5	I love dogs. Kimpton loves dogs. I love Kimpton.Great prices, fabulous style, pet-friendly, complimentary wine and coffee. Oh, and the water pressure doesn't suck either! :)My question is, what is there NOT to love?This is a great resort. I'd stay here whenever I am in AZ (which I hope to be a lot more -- especially in winter!)
4	I was very pleased with what I found at this place.  The staffs were very friendly and eager to help. The grounds were kept clean.  The room was very spacious with comfortable bed.  The little deck with sitting chairs outside of the room was a nice touch.The free internet service as others have pointed out was a bit spotty, especially in the room that I stayed at.Parking by the wing that I stayed in was pretty sparse, had to walk all the way around to my room, but it gave me a chance to explore the resort grounds a bit, so not too bad.Overall the stay here was pleasantly comfortable and the price wasn't too bad either.  Would definitely revisit this place next time around.
5	I JUST LOVE THIS PLACE! It smells incredibly GREAT!  It's the only organic hotel I know here and I feel healthy being in it. The colors are beautiful and zen-ful. It is so cool that this hotel embraces all the elements... Earth, water, wind and fire. Being the Chief Pet Pamperer of Arizona I give it a huge thumbs up for bringing your pet there. Their chef is AMAZING and he cooks special meals for your dog or cat. The people food is out of this world wonderful too!  This place is a hidden gem and a must go to!
5	Stopped through in April after a work trip before flying home. The patio just outside the lobby near the pool was quiet and had free wireless with my Kimpton number. Try the pizza! Yum!
4	Firesky is, for me, a study in how an apology can go a really, really long way.After my first night/morning at Firesky, I wasn't pleased. I had forgotten my razor and toothpaste and after two separate calls to the front desk several hours apart, I never received either. My room was in the back building all the way at the end, meaning I had no view and a long walk THROUGH the pools with my suitcase in tow. The air conditioner in my room was quite loud with lots of grinding noises erupting from it at all hours. Despite the gorgeous pools and hot room service guy, I feared that a 2 star review was in Firesky's future.Then, at a Yelp event, I met Lynn. She happens to work for Firesky and nonchalantly asked how my stay was going. Since I knew she'd read about it on Yelp anyway, I decided to tell her what had been going on and she was absolutely horrified. Not one to complain, I tried to brush things off, as there hadn't really been any serious transgressions, just a few nitpicky things I wasn't happy with.When I returned to my room later that night, I found a fresh fruit basket, several razors, and a personal apology about the errors that had been made that day. When I called a bit later to schedule a very early (think, 2 hours later) wake up call, the woman at the front desk knew exactly who I was.. going so far to wish me a happy birthday and lamenting the sleep I was missing out on (while, notably, she didn't complain about the hours she kept). I also asked her about cab transport to the airport and she assured me she'd take care of it.When I came to the front desk in the wee hours of the morning, Tasha was really great in getting things squared away and going above and beyond. Case and point: the huge tricked out Suburban that was awaiting me to whisk me to the airport.So yes, while things started out a bit rocky between me and Firesky, the great service they provided really made up for it in the end. Next time I'll just be sure to request a room closer to that stunningly gorgeous front lobby of theirs.
4	We found a sweet deal on Travel Zoo for Firesky: $100 a night plus free continental breakfast and a bottle of wine.  What we liked: -very nice staff from the concierge to the Taggia staff to the spa staff.-great continental breakfast (think freshly made muffins, really good fruit cups)-nice pool area, though the beach front one seemed that the filters were down the day we left-nice rooms, well kept and spacious-good, central location-allows dogs.  We didn't bring ours, but it's a neat idea and this place is seriously dog friendly.What we were less into:-seemed that the pool did not follow its own rules, despite security (e.g. coolers allowed)
5	We stayed at the Firesky Resort over 4th of July weekend...and we were not disapointed! We brought our 2 dogs (our main reason for staying at this hotel) and we were more than surprised to learn that your dog is allowed anywhere on the resort, except for in the pool! The grounds are gorgeous...the pools are refreshing & the drinks are strong! They put anyone with dogs in a reserved wing of the hotel, and it was funny to see so many dogs in one place! They host a daily wine reception in the lobby, where they invited us to bring our dogs to (and we did!) It was nice to stay in a resort where our entire family felt welcome. I will definitely be returning to the Firesky!
4	I try and do a little stay-cation at least once or twice a month during the summer. So when FireSky had a special "Yelp" rate I decided to take advantage of their offer. The grounds are Beautiful and the staff is super friendly. I LOVED that they were able to accommodate my early check in at 11am so I could get into my room and then proceed to enjoy my day by the pool. The rooms are super cute and modern (see pics) Everything was clean and new feeling, I was even comfortable with the bed (nice and firm) and pillows too, although I wish they would have been triple sheeted. There is two pools, the main pool is very nice with large water features which helps mask the noise, if any, made by other guests. The second pool is set up like a beach front complete with sand and graduating sand entrance to the pool. They should really consider upgrading their lounge chairs though because they are so uncomfortable, nothing some cushions couldn't fix ;-) Only the 3 cabanas and some lounge chairs by the beachy pool have cushions? PLEASE CUSHION ALL THE LOUNGE CHAIRS! Other than that I don't really have any complaints, except the fact that their "business" center charges you to use the Internet. I don't travel with a laptop and being able to pop on the computer for something is really important and most hotels I've stayed at you are able to do this, So I was surprised to see you can't even log on until you pay with a credit card. All in all I had a great stay and I think it's Awesome that pets are allowed with no fees or restrictions even though I didn't bring mine this time.Next time they have a great deal I will come back and maybe even bring my pup!
5	I cannot write enough praise for FireSky's services.  The resort and its staff provided for the best wedding I could have imagined.  The setting is beautiful, something easy to see, but it was the personal and special touches from each and every staff member that really made the weekend.  They brought us champagne, our hors d'oeuvres, and any drink order during picture time after the ceremony.  They (on their own) reserved a special bottle of scotch for my husband during the reception.  They ensured everything ran smoothly and according to what we wanted at every turn -- but not in a way annoying at all.  Everyone I meet since the wedding has complimented the location, the staff, and, most of all, the FOOD.  Cannot recommend highly enough for an ideal wedding location.
5	It really pays to be a member of their InTouch program. Seriously...this chain continues to impress me.I came to town to help Gabi K with the July OYE, and a day after I made the reservation I got an email from them about their monthly deals and steals. I called right back and they honored a new rate (which was $40 cheaper than our corp rate) AND they gave me $50 credit for each day I stayed towards Taggia, the bar, room service and the minibar. How excited was I?!?! VERY.When I checked in, the lovely lady up front took care of everything so efficiently; I didn't even have to remind her of the credit. And THEN she gave me a welcome card that thanked for my stay, and it included $10 credit towards anything in the minibar and all the complimentary bottled water I wanted. Suh-weeeet!The room was in tip-top shape. Loved the shower and bathroom area; it had a separate area on the other side of the sink for vanity; the bed was uber comfortable; and the entire atmosphere of the whole place was just awesome. The hotel reminded me of a 50s style Beverly Hills hotel, only updated with the latest features.I didn't get in the pool, but the whole pool and garden area was so neat and well kept. This place would be perfect for a girls weekend getaway.Oh, and room service? Faster than a speeding bullet!FireSky, I'll never stay anywhere else but with you. *hug*
4	We stayed overnight here for a little anniversary  get away and just loved it.  The front desk was very personable and when they found out it was our "special day", they surprised us with a a gift of champagne and chocolate strawberries and grapes left in our room.Checked in early and spent most of the day sunning in the pool.  The wait staff checked up on us regularly and we enjoyed a very relaxing time soaking up the scorching sun...drinking champagne! :)The grounds are what impressed us the most.  The trees and landscaping make you forget you are in the desert.  It also makes for a very much more secluded and intimate setting.  We went out to dinner at dusk and the place was teaming with birds coming into roost.  Sounded like a tropical jungle...very cool.  The rooms are very nice and up to date.  The snack and fridge are well stocked and we too took advantage of the $10 complimentary credit.  We signed up for the Kimpton rewards card and that enabled us to get free wi-fi service.  Don't know if they do charge otherwise.Look forward to another stay-cation here!
3	I stayed here three nights for a conference, during which I spent almost the entire time in the resort property.  The lobby, bar, pools, and grounds were all very nice, with a distinctively modern, but definitely southwestern, sensibility.  I was less impressed with the rooms.  While some face the pools, most have views of the parking lot or the blank walls of other buildings.  The rooms are stylish and modern, but not as functional as I am used to for business travel.  Personally, I don't want to find leopard-print underwear in the closet for sale.  I don't need to find a dresser with a glass top filled with over-priced snack food or a refrigerator I can't use because it's filled with overpriced drinks.  I don't like it when hotels try to sell things to me in my room.  One morning, I was awoken early when hotel staff noisily wheeled some kind of plastic bin right under my window at 7:00 AM.  The walls between the rooms are not as noise-proof as they could be.  But the worst was the wireless internet.  I could not keep a VPN connection for more than a half hour at a time, and one night it was so bad I had to revert to using my 3G cell phone for internet access.  Finally, the hotel tacks on mandatory "gratuity" fees to your bill on checkout, a practice I'm sure they picked up from the airline industry in order to hide the true cost of the stay from the customer at reservation time.  Fortunately, I spent most of my time in the conference room and in the bar/lobby area, where the resort does reasonably well.
4	There is only one hurdle to get past at FireSky - you must find the entrance!! The rest is a cakewalk. Upon finally figuring out how to get to the front desk, we were promptly checked in by the friendly front desk attendants.  They explained everything and then sent us back in our car to drive in a big circle to our building, which was quite close by but only accessible by driving all the way around the complex.After our circuitous route we settled into our spacious and clean room.  I liked the room, although I didn't feel there was enough light.  There was only a sliding door, with no window.  Add a window and it would have been just perfect.The bed was plush, the furniture minimalist and the shower spacious.  Outside, there are two large pools.  One is a zero-entry pool with sand and the other is the more adult pool with beautiful pillar fountains pouring water into the pool.   This pool is surrounded by cabanas and lounge chairs and is attended by some friendly young servers.  We ordered drinks and relaxed.I loved the modern aesthetic and the gardens and pools in the center of the resort, however the guests seemed like the type to be attending a motorcycle or police convention.  Nothing against them! It just surprised me, as I thought it would be all girl's spa party but the fun and playful hotel attracts all types.We enjoyed our stay and at the rate we payed, we would gladly return.**Look out for great summer rates!**
5	I attended a reunion party at Firesky and had such a great time at the bar and patio area.  Something about Firesky makes me want to .... what are the words I am looking for.?.... MOVE IN!   The decor is so inviting and so cool, it really makes you wish that is what your house looked like.  The bartender was really nice and attentive.  The staff at Firesky are all so nice, I know it's a hotel and that is just the way they are supposed to be but this felt like genuine nice-ness.Drinks are made well and the bartender is rally good about remembering what everyone was having, I love that trait--- makes people feel special. I've never stayed at Firesky, but I would imagine it would be just a pleasant as my night at the bar.
4	5-6pm is free sangria, all you can drink wine, along with appetizers.  Staff is super friendly, accomodating, and just darn wonderful.  Concierge helped us book tours.  Staff changed our room for us.  We forgot tons of stuff, and they were able to hook us up with a steamer for my blouse, hair straightener that I forgot.  Pool has a sandy beach.  Wifi free if you you're inTouch member and we got $10 free money for frig bar.  We dock one star for wiFI always being out in the morning, which was inconvenient.  Also the "resort' is more of an overstatement as it's not a really a resort.  More a very nicely remodeled old hotel complex with 2 pools, 1 pretty lagoon, and 1 spa service area.  It's not a Scottsdale resort that you would imagine.  No bike trails, no golf course.
3	Kimpton Hotels kick ass. Why? Because they are pet-friendly. Soon as you walk through the doors, you'll spot a doggy bed by check-in along with treats. They also don't require a pet fee/non-refundable deposit. Unfortch, I was in town for business (but always a pleasure), so I didn't have Tex with me. If I did, he'd be in hound dog heaven - 'cause I was.I think it's mainly because of the giant resort pool complete with a water slide, hot tub, faux beach with real sand, cabanas. With my laptop in town and ready to hit the Yelp Phoenix scene, it was sheer torture walking by the pool as families and hot couples cooled off in the 107-degree heat. I'm an InTouch Kimpton Hotel member, so when making reservations, they know that prefer rooms far from the elevators, which they accommodated nicely. However, I'm not sure why I was given a handicap room. My shower was awful! The water from the shower head only came out maybe one foot in length, which was baffling because the shower was HUGE. Only about a fifth of it was used because I had to huddle under the shower head to bath and keep warm. And that stupid folding chair thing was in the way. I didn't call to change rooms because I didn't have time. It also sucks that in order to get to my room, I had to travel all around the courtyard and pool. I don't pack light, so my arrival and departure was a struggle. Ah, and the restaurant room service wasn't 24, and the late-night menu was extremely limiting. There was also some charges on my account from the gift shop that were not mine. Checking out took a ridiculous amount of time (Not sure why it took two people behind the desk to assist another woman who had her own complaints).The upsides are that the lobby, restaurant and bar are beautiful. They offer complimentary coffee/tea and breakfast bites in the morning, as well as wine 5-6pm in the lobby. And my room? Gorgeous, spacious, clean, free Wi-Fi, Aveda bath products, huge fluffy bed and great munchies in the mini bar, including healthier options like power bars. I know a lot of my negative encounters were probably a one-time thing (handicap shower, distant room), so I wouldn't mind coming back and actually enjoy the pool.
5	This place is FAB. I loved the landscaping  and decor around the pool area the best. Beautiful, cozy little seating areas scattered around a couple of unbelievable pools. Palms, flowering shrubs and vines, fountians running, fire pits, benches and tables and  (my favorite)...covered "Cabannas" with day beds under them! The perfect place to lounge by the pool and enjoy a meal from the great restaurant on site or read a book and relax. Check the website for great deals not available elsewhere. This place had me wishing I could stay longer! I will go again!
4	Fun place for a girl's w/e. We laid out by the pool in our own private cabana. They serve food & alcoholic drinks so you can spend all day soaking in the rays. The hotel is very trendy & modern w/comfy seating areas outside & a misting spray! The spa, although small, is quaint. My MT was uber sweet and ultra accommodating. She was so good that she put me to sleep! You can have your massage, relaxing bath and get ready w/o having to leave the comfort of your own treatment room as they are equipped w/individual bathrooms. How awesome is that?! They do close early on Sat. - 7pm but stayed opened so that us girls could finish getting ready. Great customer service!
4	I'd give the Firesky 20 stars for the service, if I could. Everyone who works there is pleasant and helpful. They feel like friends. The rooms are comfortable and spacious. The grounds are gorgeous, especially the pools. This place screams "it's time to relax."I would definitely stay here again. So, why only 4 stars, you ask? Because 5-stars means "as good as it gets" and the bathrooms at the Firesky need a bit of updating. They aren't bad, just a little tired in spots. Go there and enjoy!
5	I stayed here recently with my family and WOW, what a treat. I highly recommend it!Firesky is a gorgeous property -- each of the four elements is represented throughout the grounds. The pool is just amazing - I especially love the huge urns surrounding it with fires burning in them. Gorgeous! We brought our dog and they rolled out the red carpet for him, which was a huge selling point for me. There were a few other dogs on the property, including the sweet Bosco, the cocker spaniel belonging to Firesky's GM. Our dog, also a cocker, loved hanging out with Bosco...and made several other new friends that weekend. Firesky is a Kimpton property, and I'm a huge fan of Kimpton Hotels for a number of reasons (and no, I don't work for them - I just love them):- First, they lead the way for hotel chains on eco-friendliness. They've been taking green seriously since the 80s and they are always upping their efforts in this department. -Second, they are pet-friendly! They have ceramic food dishes that you can keep in your room, super-plush doggy beds, and a host of other treats. -Third, the quality of service at Kimptons is amazing. Hands down, some of the very best service in the hotel industry. - Fourth, each hotel is super unique and has a boutique feel to it. The decor is always exquisite and unique to each property. One of my favorite things at Kimpton hotels are the animal-print plush bathrobes in the closet. Even when traveling on business, slipping in to one of those makes it feel like a vacation!- I could go on and on about the things I love about Kimpton hotels...but you get the picture. They are fantastic. Sign up for their rewards program too - you won't be sorry!I can't wait for my next trip to Phoenix - I will absolutely book in at the Firesky resort again!
5	Ahh, Phoenix. How I love thee in the winter. I had the pleasure to stay at Firesky last week when I was in town for community manager Gabi M's OYE, and I have to say I'm a pretty big fan.The good:- Upon check in, they gave me tickets for either free drinks or free continental breakfast. I didn't end up using them, but it was nice to know they were there.- Great atmosphere. The lobby looked very festive since they're all decorated for the holidays, but aside from that there are plenty of cozy chairs, a large fireplace, fountains, and a big community table.- The "backyard" is simply gorgeous, especially at night. Heated pools, lots of cozy little secluded fire pits all over the place, and beautiful lights.- Complimentary drinks and light appetizers every night from 5-6 pm in the lobby. I'm talking wine, champagne, and hot toddies, folks. Note: that 6 pm end time is strictly enforced. I was there at 6, and couldn't get another glass of bubbly. ;)- Room service was prompt and the food was pretty darn good. I did have an entertaining 5 minutes trying to order - I'm not sure if I was talking to a new employee or what, but he just did not understand what I wanted. Once we got it straightened out, I was really happy with my food. - Aveda products. 'Nuff said. - This may sound weird, but their shower curtains are the bomb! This is the first place I've stayed that has netting at the top of the curtain, so you can look out while you're in the shower. This is very important if you've seen Psycho one too many times and have a phobia about showering. I'm not saying *I* do, but I'm just saying.Firesky, this is definitely as good as it gets.
4	Oh man. This hotel is super fresh. I was staying in a room that overlooked the "gardens" and every time I walked past the pool I wish that (a) it was warmer and (b) I had brought a bathing suit. What a seriously awesome area. If you live in Phoenix you should try to hang out here all summer.The rooms are quite nice and large and have all the amenities I need - locking door, bathroom, bed. Hey, what can I say? I'm easy. But the beds will satisfy those that need extremely comfy sleeping environs and the bathroom is giant enough to please even the biggest hair-care carrier.I believe it's a Kimpton property and probably my favorite one I've stayed at to date.
4	this was a "stay-cation" for us over the weekend. beautiful grounds and lobby area. found a great deal on priceline and couldn't pass it up. from 5-6pm, complimentary wine bar, and in the a.m., coffee and tea. 2 large heated outdoor pools, one with a sandy beach. and hot tub. gorgeous setting, with lots of fire pits and fire stands and fire everywhere, but not in a "hell-ish" sort of way. very streamlined and cool. the beds were deliciously soft and plump and we got to lounge around in our pure egyption cotton leopard print robes! so playboy-ish. and can someone tell me what the deal is with plasma/lcd tv's? we don't own a tv, but everytime we stay in a hotel with a new tv, it takes forever for it to change channels and is always "loading" something. is this normal? my old tube tv's worked twice as fast as these new-fangled contraptions....very cool place overall. super friendly and helpful staff. we didn't need them to tell us about the area, but they more than offered.
4	A relatively small but very nice resort. Next time I bring the wife to Phoenix and need to stay someplace different than a typical chain hotel, this place will fit the bill nicely. There is a nearby upscale mall with upscale restaurants that can be walked to in less than 15 minutes. Our room on the 2nd floor was nice and quiet and had nice ameneties such as a flat screen tv. My only peeve was the crazy daily resort fee.
3	This is part of the Kimpton chain - which I am a great fan of.  The hotel is nice, and as is always the case with Kimpton's the service is terrific.  The outdoor space is beautiful - great pools and spas and outdoor seating areas.  The rooms, while well-equipped, seemed a bit worn and poorly designed.  Doors knocking into walls, a general kind of disorganization to the room.  For the price it was fine, and if you are more interested in the pools and outdoor dining it is great, but next time I will probably try The W down the street.
1	Looks like I'm one of the few guests who wasn't "dazzled" by this resort, which I suppose is a good thing.We stayed there for just one night (thankfully!) in early summer and I can definitely say it will be the last time. The rooms were halfway decent, but only somewhat better than a $39 Howard Johnson. There were so many coats of paint on the wall the doors didn't close properly, and my room had an unrestricted view of the parking lot, even though we'd specifically requested (and were promised) a room overlooking the pool area. As I've come to expect from high-dollar, low value hotels, this place wanted to nickel and dime me to death. I mean seriously, they charged $6 for a $0.99 bottle of water, and then if that wasn't insulting enough, in very small print, revealed a $2 "Restocking" fee... whatever the hell that is, so all in all, you were afforded the opportunity to spend $8 on a lousy bottle of water. Oh and then there was the wireless internet. You know, the same internet that is free at Marriotts, Hiltons, and other reputable hotels? No, at this dive, they wanted $19.95 per day for the privilege of using the internet. If you wanted to use the business center, they'd only charge you $10 for 10 minutes. How generous of them.In hindsight tho, it's probably a good thing we didn't have a pool view because the pool area was disgusting. There was trash and sand all over the place, the pools were filthy and cloudy and smelled of urine, and half of the poolside furniture was broken. All this can be yours for the bargain basement price of $129 per night! IN THE SUMMER!!Never again.
4	I had the opportunity to go to Firesky last night for a fundraiser.  I can't comment on the rooms or spa, but I would like to comment on the space where we had the event.This was a great spot for the Phoenix Chapter of Dress for Success to kick off their first fundraiser.  Also from my understanding, Firesky was the main sponsor and underwrote the cost of the event.  It look like there were over 150 attendees and with a runway for a fashion show it accomodated us all well.  The wait staff was very friendly and the food was awesome.  I loved the dessert bar at the end.  They had little cakes and chocolate fondue.  YUM!!If I have to organize a special event, I will definitely keep this location in mind.
5	In 2008, I was married at the FireSky Resort and Spa. I fell in love with the resort years ago after visiting the grounds at night - gorgeous lighting, lush greens and great atmosphere. I love the resort for its super cozy feel while still maintaining a trendy look. The fire outside is gorgeous, especially at night. The pools are gorgeous and fun. The rooms are very cute. The location is close to a lot of great amenities. Food is great. I have also visited the spa - which isn't all that large - so you don't get the day spa feel, but it is a nice little spa. This place obviously holds a special place in my heart - it is amazing.
4	Nice hotel, would definitely go back. Rooms are nice and large, with well-planned bathrooms and complimentary Aveda products. The pools are nice, though the lounges really need cushions. Plenty of towels to grab though, and a solid pool-side menu to select food and drinks from. Lobby is gorgeous, heard the spa is nice. Attended a conference there and was very pleasantly surprised by the quality.
2	I came here for a wedding, and at $300/night, I had high expectations.  Wouldn't you?  The "resort", if you can even call it that, looked like an apartment complex.  Maybe it's just how things are in Arizona, but I was not impressed with the architecture or design of the "resort."  Pool area was probably the nicest area.  Rooms were spacious and clean, but had obvious signs of some wear and tear.  There was a mini fridge.  Nice balcony area with some patio chairs, but without any view really.  Electronic key cards was a disaster.  They kept getting deactivated and we always had trouble opening the doors.  It usually took a few tries.  They need to update their system.  Food was mediocre.  I've had better at other weddings that weren't as expensive as this place.  I usually finish my food because it's delicious, but I barely ate half at this place.  They only filled our coffee cups once.  Staff was friendly; nothing remarkable.  They tack on a mandatory cleaning fee ($3/night) and bellhop fee ($6? or was it $9?).  They charged me for a candy bar ($2.50) which I did not eat; they promptly took it off. Overall impression.  NOT IMPRESSED especially for the prices they charge.  I was expecting something more, but was disappointed.
5	I stayed at the Firesky Resort & Spa over the weekend and I have to say: This is THE most luxurious hotel I have ever stayed at. EVER.I don't even know where to begin (I'll upload some pictures shortly). The room, the service, the staff, and the S'mores!!! Not kidding. At the Firesky, they offer ALL their guests complimentary (and unlimited) S'mores supplies. You go to the front desk and tell them how many bags you'd like (each bag holds enough supplies to make two S'mores). They give you the bags, along with a 'S'more skewer'. You take the supplies and head over to any of the bonfires they have outside and roast your S'mores while meeting other guests staying at the hotel. And let me tell you - an "Oups, my marshmellow just fell on top of yours" is a better pick-up line than you would have ever imagined. Once you're done with the S''mores eating (or perhaps BEFORE the S'mores eating begins is a better idea) you can go swim/float in any of their pools (yes, that's plural) or toast in their hot tub. My words cannot do this place justice. Seriously. You want heaven on earth? Firesky is as close as it gets.
4	I lived in Phx for 7 years and never heard about this place, but having to come back for a friend's baby shower, I needed to find a good hotel. This place was surprisingly awesome, considering it's right next to Old Town. Walking up to the rooms part from the outside/back is not very impressive, they kind of look kind of like converted apartments. But inside is contemporary looking, little older, but still nice. The landscaping is awesome. Beds are really comfy, the kind you sink into. Which is a huge plus for me, since i'm expecting and my stomach is pretty uncomfortable at the moment. No dated tube TV's, yay! We had an LG LCD, and the channel selection was decent, they were all in analog though.I was worried about noise since this is right next to obnoxious Old Town, but it was really quiet. The only noise we had was a neighbor's dog deciding to bark at like midnight... (They are pet friendly and provide beds, bowls and walks for dogs)All the rooms have patios so, if it's not bloody hot it's nice to sit outside in the morning, listen to the birds, and people watch. Our room came with a bucket'o'beer deal as well that we didn't use, esp since I can't drink. It was all crappy domestics of the bartender's choice. The only complaint I have about it was that the pool was packed most of the day.. We went back to the pool around 10:30pm to relax and there was still 5-6 children playing in the pool and the spa. What little kids are doing awake and at the pool at like 11pm, I don't know. Those are some responsible parents... But for $92 a night and all the stuff they include with it, it's definitely worth it.
5	Immediately greeted with friendly staff when we arrived who are willing to provide us with great service within the resort and information on what to do within Scottsdale and the surrounding area. Pools are great- get crowded on the weekends, as you would expect but there is still enough area to lounge comfortably. Rooms are beautiful- they have their own terrace or patio area and are well maintained. There is also a shuttle service which is prompt and helpful to go out around the area. All of the drivers were friendly. Would highly recommend staying here- especially during the summer months when you are looking to get a good deal.
5	My stress level hit the max, temperatures were below zero and I needed an affordable February winter getaway with the BF ASAP. Somehow google and Yelp led me to Scottsdale. Specifically Firesky. Perfection.The moment we walked up to the check in desk I knew we were in the right place. Hotel staff inquired about the purpose of our visit and helped us choose a gorgeous quiet room away from the pool/bar. The weather was perfect and we spent 80% of our time lounging at the sand bar and pool.  The hotel is absolutely beautiful. Check out the photos, it looks even better in person.The happy hour menu at the bar isn't too shabby.  Skip the hotel restaurant (see my review of Taggia) and head out to explore for dinner. The hotel has an Escalade that will drop you off wherever you want to go...within a couple miles. We used this everyday. There is a glorious mall within a couple blocks and there are tons of restaurants in the area. Be sure to check out Roaring Fork across the street. Call ahead for a reservation.This may become my annual winter getaway. Enjoy!
3	I had high expections seeing all the great reviews.  First impression was great.  Lobby was beautiful.  Staff very friendly and accomodating.  We actually checked in 11am because we couldn't stand the heat at the zoo.  Now to the rooms.  They're nicely furnished but still had the feel of an upscale Motel 6.  The finishing on walls, corners, ceilings were all poorly done.  I know I'm being picky but you won't see that at most 5 or 4 star hotels.  Pool areas are awesome.  Kids loved the sandy beach pool.  The beach are is very small.  With 6-8 kids in that area and it's already feeling cramped.  We also enjoyed the complimentary smores at night and organic coffee in the morning.A few days after being at Firesky, I got a mysterious $5.99 charge on my cc.  Called them up and was told it was for a RedBull I didn't drink.  Lady was nice on the phone and said they will re-credit me.  I don't know why the housekeeping would report a missing Redbull unless they drank it themselves.  Just a hassle to call them back.
4	Loved the place.  Staff was very friendly and professional.  The grounds are beautiful.  Lots of lovely plant shaded nooks, some with firepits to sit and read or share drinks with friends.  Pools are inviting.  Importantly, it accommodated my family and my golden retriever very comfortably, without an extra charge for the dog.  Their rooms were decorated nicely and their pooch apointments in the room were welcomed.   One negative is that the grounds near the doggie room smelled of pet urine, and maybe they should set aside one spot away from the rooms/pool where animals do their business.  Maybe it was just because it was a really hot and muggy that day.  Other than that, I LOVED it and would definitely stay here again.
4	Nice place to stay. We were here in the summer, so effectively the quiet season. Great lobby, nice friendly staff, especially Benny the barman.Rooms not quite up to ouique standard and it is obviously an old hotel that has been bought out and turned into a boutique with some success.Pools were nice but small. It got busy towards the weekend as a large party checked in and dominated the social areas.They run a free shuttle to anywhere within 3 miles and this saved us money on cab fares.Check out their page on Facebook as they issue a secret codeword that you can use when checking in. This gives you a free gift - we got a free appetizer but at some Kimpton hotels I hear that it qualifies you for a room upgrade.Taggia restaurant was good, served a great breakfast.Free coffee, free internet, and pet friendly (there were quite a few dogs staying there when we were).
5	Firesky Resort and Spa is my home away from home. As a bride who had her wedding reception here, I am familiar with the outstanding service provided. The Firesky staff gives you the personal touch you look for in customer service. I love the ambiance. Prepare to be immersed in a cool modern tropical atmosphere. We refer all of our out of town guests here. The rooms are comfortable. We love catching a drink or two here as well and sitting by the poolside. I can't wait to go back again.
5	Room was spacious. Pools were beautiful. Lobby was grand. Staff were friendly and helpful.No coffee maker in the room, though.
5	What can I say about the FireSky Resort & Spa, except that it's a wonderful piece of Heaven set directly in the middle of the Arizona Desert! From the moment you arrive the valets are there to greet you and treat you like your royalty and the staff is nothing but Wonderful! The grounds of the hotel are inviting and totally make you forget that you are in Arizona, and the rooms are pleasant with beds like marshmallow clouds! FireSky is a luxury resort and spa that plays on the four elements thought to represent all that exist: fire, water, earth and air. You will find three towers in front with fire and water representing the juxtaposition of the beautiful Sonoran desert setting and the expansive tropical grounds. The hotel lobby living room, has a stunning stone fireplace and beautiful cathedral ceilings. They have 2 inviting pools and a jacuzzi with waterfalls coming out of large pillars with fire coming out of the top of the pillars! Hence the name FireSky.....One of the pools even has a small beach with sand. There are Cabanas and fire pits as well! Another plus is that every night there is a happy hour with free wine tastings! You can't go wrong with that! The restaurant, Taggia, serves breakfast, lunch, and dinner and may I say is very good! You can choose to sit inside or out on the patio. Service is fantastic! Also, if you are a Kimpton InTouch Guest member, which is free, you will receive FREE Internet and there are a couple of cute leopard print robes waiting in your room for your comfort as well! You can't go wrong with the Kimpton Hotels, especially FireSky! I've never had a bad time here and will always return when staying in Scottsdale. PS....The Kimpton Hotels are ALWAYS pet and gay friendly!!
4	There are so many reasons to dig Kimpton's Firesky Resort, I don't know where to begin: Let's start at the front door. Driving up, I felt like I reached a desert oasis built for the elite. The lush grounds are warm and inviting, and the lobby is something to marvel at. Plan to hang out at the big community table, where they host nightly wine tastings and coffee and tea get togethers in the morning. The staff at the front desk was extremely helpful and they really made me feel welcome after a VERY late drive from Tucson.My room was huge: Fit for a king. There was plenty of space to spread out my clothing and work gear. The bathroom area was also spacious, the mini bar was stocked, and the modern conveniences like the flat screen TV, free wireless internet (for In Touch Members) and ipod docking station made it a super comfy home away from home. I'm not really a "froo-froo" person when it comes to soaps and things, but it's worth mentioning that the Firesky is stocked with Aveda body products, all the more reason to get dirty and get showered.The staff was truly interested in making my stay pleasurable. One morning when the gentleman at the front desk called with my wakeup call (yeah, REAL people call you, like in ye olden days!) he asked me if I wanted to hear my horoscope. HOW COOL?! Only thing that put out my fire a little? I was a little weirded out that I had to drive to my room, as in, the rooms are separate from the lobby and reception area. At first it felt a little "Holiday Inn" to me, but after the first night I warmed up to the idea of being a little more removed and chocked it up to being a bit more private. All in all, the place sizzles, and I definitely recommend it for those who burn for a great stay in Scottsdale.
5	I travel significantly for work, and have stayed at my share of hotels.   I recently moved to Scottsdale, AZ and was in search of a house.  In the interim, I stayed at FireSky Resort and had a wonderful experience.  I specifically searched for a hotel that was pet-friendly.  While this is a pet-friendly hotel - if you don't happen to be a pet-owner or pet-lover, I would not shy away from staying here.  There are pet buildings and non-pet buildings.While it has its luxuries that you may not have at home - the staff, the location, the rooms - make you feel that you are not just another guest, but they make you feel welcome, immediately upon check in with a personalized stay.Checking in with 2 dogs, I was immediately welcomed by Bosco, the Guest Relations Director - who served Bosco's brew (chicken broth ala beer, for dogs).  Upon getting to my room - there were 2 dog beds, food and water bowls for my 4-legged friends, and treats available at the front desk, at all hours.  I also took advantage of the pools - that were very clean, the area around the pool is well planned, and enjoyable to either sit around or cool off from the sun.I highly recommend the FireSky Resort and Spa, in particular if you are looking for a place that is a 'treat' away from home, has great amenities, is close to old-town Scottsdale, and is enjoyable to stay on-property, if you so choose.  Don't forget to take advantage of the 5-6pm wine and Sangria sampling every day, as well as the S'mores set ups they have available at the front desk - to enjoy a late night treat!  Everyone was very pleasant and courteous - check in to check out.
5	Another great Kimpton hotel. Service is top notch. Big pools and 2 hot tubs are a plus
5	I was in dire need of a vacation and so was my BFF, so we decided we needed a serious weekend getaway. And, what better place than a resort practically across the street from Fashion Square. Firesky Resort is almost literally in the heart of it all -- Scottsdale, that is. Minutes from Old Town, mere seconds from the best restaurants in town, and nanoseconds from comfort and relaxation. Firesky isn't too stuffy or too fancy or too oh, la, la chic -- it's just the right amount of luxury for a down-home city girl like me. The grounds are tranquil and relaxing  -- you don't even feel like you're in the city when you walk around the place, especially since there are little bunny rabbits running around everywhere. The staff is genuinely nice and very accommodating. And, one, in particular, likes to flirt, which totally made me blush but also put a much needed smile on my face. The rooms are nicely appointed, with comfortable beds and linens, and the bathroom has two separate mirrored vanities that adds a nice touch when sharing a room with another gal. Additionally, each room has a very nice patio area with two relaxing patio chairs. Finally, their pools are the centerpiece of the resort. One is a lagoon style pool that you enter from a "beach" and the other is a larger pool with a nice water feature. They also have a jacuzzi off to the back.  The pool area definitely has a tropical island feel to it, with tons of mature palms trees dotting the perimeter of the area.  There are wooden bridges that cross over the pool; tons of little nooks with comfy chairs and plenty of lounge chairs around the pool area. They even have a couple fire pit areas that seem like they'd be awesome areas to hang out at when the temps start dropping. And, to top off everything, this price was just right!  Of course, I got a deal because it was summertime in Phoenix, and every resort is having a special.  But, I have a feeling that any time of year, Firesky offers reasonable rates compared to other resorts in the area.  I definitely will keep Firesky in my top places to stay in Scottsdale.  And, the next time I need a break from everyday life, I'll definitely head to Firesky.
4	I am a pretty big fan of Kimpton hotels in general, so it was no surprise to me that I was entirely satisfied with my stay at the Firesky Resort. While I was unfortunately just in town for work, I was able to relax on my lovely 2nd floor balcony, work by the pool, and unwind at the end of the day with a dip in the hot tub. The rooms were well-decorated, spotless, and comfortable. The staff was friendly and efficient. The food in the restaurant was tasty, even if they did close earlier than I'd hoped on the Monday night that I was there. (Couldn't get served after 9:30pm.)All in all a very lovely place and I'd be happy to come back--hopefully without so many business commitments.
5	I stayed one night at Firesky and really loved it.  I was just looking for a one-night getaway with my boyfriend that was fun and affordable.  Firesky was all that and more.  Firesky has very updated decor and the rooms were very nice and spacious.  The grounds are beautiful with two pools and pond/waterfall/stream area.  I LOVE the cocktail hour where you can get free wine/maybe beer?  Not sure I only had wine but either way very nice beginning to the evening.  My boyfriend can't sleep without a mini fan blowing in his face and the hotel staff was amazing at finding us a fan.  I liked the "beach" pool.  I wish there wasn't so many children at the time but nothing you can do about that.  Overall I thought the place was very classy, modern, abd beautiful.  A great value for the price.  I would definetly refer all my friends and family who visit to stay there!
5	I was recently blessed with a little getaway that included a stay at Firesky Resort & Spa.  I have had my fair share of hotel experiences, and I have to say I was so pleasantly surprised by this venue.The staff at the front desk and at the restaurant were very nice and helpful.  The cleaning crew did a great job tidying up the room and replacing all the amenities (shampoo, conditioner, and lotion from Aveda!).The room was beautiful - great decor, comfy bed, nice flat screen tv, plenty of vanity space, super high water pressure in the shower, and complimentary cheetah-patterned robes for the duration of the stay.The pool area is amazing!  Small waterfalls, one pool included a beach area complete with sand, perfect temperature for all hours of the day, and plenty of chairs and towels to accommodate any guests.I have to admit I was a little sad leaving the hotel.  I wish I could have stayed a little longer.  I definitely want to return, and next time I will take advantage of the spa services, and spend more time at the pool.
4	I stayed here a few weekends ago for a girls weekend and it was a great location!Here's what I walked away with:1. beautiful open entry way and lobby2. Classic rustic desert theme with high end touches3. Great pool area     A. The main pool is surrounded by waterfalls and at night lite fire torches      B. The neighboring pool, has a sandy beach entrance that then transitions into a regular pool.       C. The spa is located to the side of this pool and over looks the main pool, so you're still able to be connected with main pool if you want.         D. The atmosphere around the pool definitely makes you feel like you're in a garden retreat, not the middle of the desert.          E. The entire outside area is very much a garden retreat like atmosphere with lagoons, fire pits, cozy sitting areas, plenty of green and lush plants surrounding the area.4. They have happy hour at night for guests which is a nice treat,      A. White Wine Spritzers     B. Red Wine     C. Beer      D. You can even have some fun with the WII games and DDR during happy hour if you like.5. the rooms were clean and cozy6. No elevators, the hotel rooms are two stories.7. Spa services are very nice      A. Massage service very relaxing      B. there is a private shower and bathroom in each spa room but they do not schedule enough time for you to enjoy it.8. The hotel restaurant is ok, prices are a bit expensive and food isn't something I would write home about.       A. Restaurant Staff seems a bit inexperienced, especially for the prices they charge for the food.       B. The spa and restaurant do however give you a 20% discount on your next meal, which is nice and keeps you coming back.       C. Not to mention it's convenient9. Parking is a bit inconvenient      A. You either park in the front or back and if your room is in the middle it can be a bit of a walk.10. This hotel is located relatively close to the downtown Scottsdale area, which is filled with high end shopping and restaurants and is surrounded by historic Scottsdale, so there is something for everyone.Definitely enjoyed my experience, and look forward to an opportunity to go back again!
3	A need to give an A+ to the rooms, the in-room amenities, and the restaurant.  However, the customer service of the resort overall was way below satisfactory.  The pool staff is like that of a Vegas club and super forgetful.  The spa is over-priced with what seems like staff that's fresh out of massage school.  I bought a body scrub that was supposed to be an hour, and she only spent 20 minutes doing the same thing I could do at home.  The massage was awkward and the room was a freezing 60-some degrees.  The unfortunate thing is that it was my first time ever in Scottsdale, not my last, but will not be choosing FireSky next time I'm there.
5	Stayed at the Firesky based on reviews here on Yelp and I couldn't have been happier with my choice to do so.  The location is excellent as it is less than a mile from Old Town Scottsdale.  The room was comfortable and had very nice finishes with hardwood, tile, pedistal sink, nice flatscreen tv, 2 cozy queen beds, and a great patio.  The premises of the resort were immaculate with beautiful landscaping, a pool with waterfall, a pool with a mini beach area, jacuzzi, fire pits galore, and all of the comfort and privacy you could ask for with respect to sitting areas around the property.  There is a wine hour from 5-6 every night for free that features a different winery every month.  Everything was fantastic BUT the BEST was the staff.  From the Valets and bellhops to front desk workers they could not have been more nice or genuine.  They even offer a complimentary car service (until midnight I think) where they will drive you in an escalade to dinner so you don't need to worry about driving post wine hour.  All in all I am a huge fan of Firesky and I would return in an instant.PS- Skip dessert out one night and instead ask the front desk for their complimentary smores packs (1 pack makes 2 smores).  They give you everything you need and you can settle in by one of the fire pits outside roast away.
4	When I first looked up the Firesky Resort online, I was really confused about the various room options.  Let me just tell you - except for very few exceptions, all of the rooms are the same.  All rooms are about 400 sf and you either get one king sized bed or two queen sized beds.  The variation in price of up to $50 per night is solely based on the view.  There are 5 buildings that surround a pool, lagoon and courtyards in a U-shape.  As you can imagine, there are rooms facing these facilities and some rooms facing the parking lot.  Even if you want to save money, DO NOT get a room that faces the parking lot.  It will feel like a motel.  The rooms that face the facilities are all pretty much the same and there's no real reason to pay extra for the pool view or lagoon view rooms.  In fact, those rooms may be noisier and have less privacy due to the amount of traffic from other hotel guests.If I had a dog, this place would be heaven. Dog-friendly hotels are not as common as they should be and even those that are tend to put all of the dog owners in the old/nasty part of the hotel.  Not the case here - dogs ruled the resort and I didn't mind at all.The best part of the experience was the free wine reception every evening from 5pm to 6pm.  Let's just say that I got my money's worth.  We stayed 3 nights and each of us got 2 glasses of wine each evening. No, it's not the best wine but who cares when it's free.The firepits are also very cool but there's a limited number of them and they are always in high demand.  I also love that there's self-parking all around the hotel so you can leave your vehicle close to your room for easy access.The hotel is good but not perfect.  For example, one day we were out from 9am to 3pm and when we returned, the room was still not made up.  I found that to be inexplicable and unacceptable.  I had to locate housekeeping to clean the room.  When we returned to the room 2 hours later, the room was clean but the maid had put 2 identical toothbrushes next to each other.  We had left one on the left side of the sink and one on the right side.  It's pretty stupid for someone to move them so we couldn't tell which one was whose.  When I called guest services to ask for new toothbrushes, they took forever to deliver them to the room.But the overall experience was fine.  The hotel doesn't look as amazing as the website shows (but does it ever?).  We ended up paying about $150 including tax for 3 adults and considering the amount of wine we drank, I think we got a good value out of it.
5	I took my partner to Firesky to celebrate his birthday.  I had some unusual requests and they were accommodated WAY beyond my expectation, and our whole stay was perfect from check in to check out!  I travel a lot for work and have stayed in some of the finest resorts in the country and I have never received service as good as we got here.   The room was perfect. The staff was incredible. The property was gorgeous!  I will definitely come back again and again!
4	Gorgeous surroundings, well landscaped and clean. My room was down a very quiet corridor along the back. Away from the pool...aahhh...I could go to the crazy party or away from it all in a few minutes. They offer free wine hour from 5-6 - great way to meet fellow travelers and get the party started early. They offer car service within 3 miles, so I was able to avoid a taxi or a scary walk down Scottsdale to the office nearby. Lovely stay all around, I'm looking forward to my next work trip!
4	What an odd little place.  I stayed at FireSky because it was where the conference I was attending was being held and where they were reserving rooms for us.  It is a nice oasis folded into the landscape of Scottsdale.  I don't really have anything bad to say about the resort, per se.  The staff was friendly and helpful, the pools looked nice, the rooms were certainly adequate, everything was clean.  Two things stand out though.  First, what's with the "No Smoking" signs on the back patio right next to the people who were puffing away with ashtrays?  Ashtrays that must have been provided to them somehow, so clearly you know they're going to smoke, but no one has an issue with this?  Odd dichotomy there, FireSky.Secondly, there's nothing quite as disarming as walking into a beautiful resort, sliding the card into the door lock, opening the door to what is more or less a beautiful room, walking to the back sliding glass door, looking out over the chairs on your basically private patio (nice touch, FireSky!), and seeing...a parking lot and some cheap apartments.  I mean, I guess there's nothing they can do about that, but what a downer.  Didn't help that several times over the course of my stay I saw people walk across the parking lot and slip effortlessly between the trees before disappearing down the street.  Couldn't help but imagine those people doing that with my laptop while I was in my conference.  All in all, not a big deal, but enough to knock it from a 5 to a 4.  I would still stay here again if I was back in Scottsdale.
4	Love this place!! Visiting from the bay 4 years in a row! We've stayed at most of the other high-end spots in town, but keep coming back here.  Service & staff are incredible, lovely pool, dog friendly (without being grossly obvious) great shuttle service and just an attractive, up to date small resort.
4	my chica's and i stayed here over a girls weekend get-away.  we may have paid full price because spring training and 'tis the time to be in phoenix.  that being said, we paid too much but i recommend this resort.  it's cute, it's in a great location, it's got a great pool, bar service at the pool, a nice restaurant, great rooms, and just an overall good feeling here.  we had a couple of frozen drinks out by the pool and i loved the it!  try and ask for free drink coupons at the front desk because those babies are $10 bucks a pop!recommended
2	Based strictly on the resort and room, I would have given this place more stars.  The rooms were nice and quite comfortable.  Although the bathroom did get soaked with every shower since there wasn't any sort of barrier to keep the water in.  The reason I gave it fewer stars is because of the headache I am still experiencing several months later.  I had incorrect charges from someone else's spa package that were charged to my room, which I was told were taken care of twice after they made me swear I didn't go to the spa.  Uh, the person staying in that room was a 23 year old man who was with us the entire time, and I'm pretty sure he doesn't get manis/pedis and facials on the reg.  But, yes, everything was cleared up after a few phone calls.Second, because of plane trouble we ended up not checking in until 6 in the morning, and we were told they would not charge us for those two rooms for the night before.  That was a lovely surprise!  Then they did.  I just wanted clarification, and after multiple phone calls, messages, and finally a terse message left with the GM, I finally was told the charges would fall off my card in February.  Guess what....  It's April.  Charges are still there.  I've left more messages... no return calls.So, needless to say, I would recommend it, but double-triple check your bill and be prepared to argue.
4	I went to Firesky for spa week with a few co worker/ friends...I chose a massage and was pleasantly satisfied with my session.  Great attentive staff and such a beautiful resort, it's right across the street from my fave restaurant Roaring Fork! I can't wait to come back
5	Amazing pool area, complete with a sand beach pool area.  Great pool side service.  Food is excellent and the drinks are cold.  Staff is extremely friendly.Rooms are very comfortable.  The only draw back is that it is a pricey place.  Expect to spend some money if you're going here.
5	It's a good sign when you wish you could have stayed longer at a hotel.  Everything was wonderful.  It had the most comfortable hotel bed I think I have ever slept in.  The room was very quiet, private, and secure (key card needed to access your building). I  travel a lot for business (and pleasure) so I am particular about where I stay.  I can't say enough nice things about this hotel.  It is a charming, personable, and unique gem.  I loved the decor, ambiance, food, service, staff, grounds, and of course Bosco...
4	I stayed at the Firesky Resort before taking my MCAT and have mixed feelings about my stay. Now granted, I had extremely high anxiety at the time so perhaps I didn't get to see the full glory of this place, but in my opinion it is somewhat overrated. For the price I paid, I expected more. The resort layout is more like a fantastically designed apartment complex. In fact, I am pretty sure that it was an apartment complex prior to being a resort. With that said, however, the lobby and grounds are absolutely phenomenal. They are stylish, comfortable, and luxurious without being ostentatious. My room was a little bit less impressive though. It had most of the amenities that I expected, but nothing extra. The artwork wasn't overly impressive and the linens were just average. Also, the TV was small. It certainly wasn't nearly as glorious as the common areas of the resort.The deck/balcony area was very nice though and I was able to study in the fresh air without any distractions.If you are wanting to stay at a reasonably nice hotel that is close to everything, the Firesky fits the bill. However, don't expect to be wowed by your room. It is an average room. Nothing less, nothing more.
4	Loved the sexiness of the hotel lobby; friendly, warm updated and inviting.The room was nice; a bigger bathroom with larger soaking tub would have made it better.  The bed was clean and comfortable.  Loved the balcony but would have LOVED a small heater to be able to enjoy it a little more in the cold desert evenings.I walked near the pool which was soooo inviting, and while it was only 40something degrees, there were people lounging and swimming...while I didn't note an "adult only pool", I find that a VERY IMPORTANT aspect at a spa resort of this caliber.I was fortunate enough to acquire a spa reservation New Year's Eve day.  While I wasn't able to reserve the 2 hour spa package, I was happy enough to get a 1 hour massage.  I was somewhat disappointed in the spa itself; no locker room, no steam room or hot tub...The massage room, however, was in itself lovely.  Though I was by myself, my husband was on the links, I was escorted the couples massage room....a warm serene large room with two tables.  The massage itself, lovely.  I walked away refreshed and with some cards offerring 10% off anything in the boutique and 25% off my next visit (which the woman actually applied to this visit...bonus)Overall we loved the resort and hope we could get as great a rate as we had for our NYE weekend.
5	Amazing property!  They have lots of specials and are priceline as well.  You can get a steal here.  Also very nice staff and complimentary happy hours every night!
5	The resort is beautiful. My favorite part about the room is the gold fish! An extra special touch for sure. The closet is larger than the bathroom! Loved the balcony with the doors so I could enjoy the desert weather! We held a company event this evening and the entire staff was very accommodating. Anything we needed (and we needed ALOT) was never frown upon. The food is AMAZING.
4	Firesky is great!  I stayed here a few years ago and had a great experience.  The restaurant, Taggia, is great too!  Last night I attended a company party and was so impressed with the service and the food.  Best hotel food I have had in a very long time!
5	Beautiful, quaint resort with excellent location to Scottsdale Fashion Square. Great pools, clean, good food and welcomed the dog!!!
4	FireSky does all the little things right.  The intelligent and attentive staff puts you first.  The grounds are beautiful.  The common areas are comfortable.  The restaurant was great for dinner and fine for breakfast.  And complimentary s'mores for the fire pits.It's really the staff that differentiates this hotel.  From the top down, this hotel knows how to hire and train good people, not single job robots.
5	I Beautiful resort, a relaxing place to go with the family or just a loved one.
5	LOVED our stay here!  Apparenlty once you become an InTouch member and stay at a couple of the Kimpton properties, you're treated like royalty!  Upon checkin we were handed a welcome card with our $10 raid the mini bar card (LOVE THAT).  We asked for a fish (named him Scotty to commemorate our trip to Scottsdale) and were promptly brought up the most active fish I've ever seen.  He would not stop moving!  Anyway..we brought Dex, our little pup, and when we got up to our room there was a dog bed and food bowls waiting for him.  There was also a welcome sign with all the names of the dogs checking in that day, I thought that was a super cute gesture.The pool was really nice, loved the temperature.  It was perfectly cool for the hot weather, but not so cold you were freezing.  The only bummer is by 9 a.m. people have thrown towels over their chairs to save their seats.  I really hate when this is allowed, as NO ONE was at the pool, but every freaking chair was occupied by someone's towel.The grounds are nice and there was plenty of grassy area to walk the dog.  They even had a station with poo bags and a covered trash can.  The gym looked pretty nice, husband used it a couple times.The shuttle service (and I use the term lightly..it's a freaking Escalade) was fantastic.  They dropped us off at the mall for lunch and picked us up as soon as we called for a ride back.Can't wait to return if we find ourselves in Scottsdale again!
5	This is a phenomenal resort. It has everything anyone could be looking for. The service is exceptional. The food is excellent. The rooms are quite nice. It skid friendly and pet friendly. The fitness room is definitely above average for a hotel fitness room. I cannot recommend FireSky highly enough.
4	We had a great stay during our anniversary!  The price of the room was amazing.  We loved that the hotel had a shuttle service within a 3 mile radius, which made going out easy!  We took the shuttle to the mall, restaurants, and clubs.  The pool has an excellent bar and the staff was very attentive.
5	I just returned from a girls' trip to the Firesky, and if I could, I'd turn around and go right back again. We had SUCH a lovely experience!I arrived in Scottsdale with some trepidation - I knew we'd booked the cheapest possible room, and I was concerned about an ugly parking lot view. However, our "patio room" was on the ground floor - so our view was of an 8-foot hedge rather than the cars just beyond it. Not bad at all! If you're cheap like me, go for a ground floor room and you'll barely even notice that you don't have a nice view.Second, I was concerned because there were three of us. Three girls all getting ready at the same time every morning is a recipe for disaster. Luckily, the shower and toilet are in a separate room from the sink, and there is actually a second mirrored vanity right behind the sink. This was the best possible setup, and it made it very easy for the three of us to get ready in the mornings.Because I'm a Kimpton In-Touch member, we had free (and fast) WiFi across the whole property - not just in our room. My favorite morning ritual? I'd go for a run in the fitness room (small but decently equipped), grab some free coffee in the lobby (good quality for being free), and read the news on my iPad by the pool. Oh yes. The pool. I loved the pool area - both the main pool and the smaller sand pool. Beverage service starts in the late afternoon, and it wasn't overly crowded while we were there. The grounds are lush and gorgeous - we could have spent every day by that pool. At night, we'd get s'mores supplies from the front desk and make our own dessert at the fire pit. Such a fun experience! Of course, I can't forget to mention the free wine and featured cocktails available every day from 5-6. The lobby itself is absolutely stunning - the perfect place to enjoy some peach sangria or a prickly pear margarita (both available free during happy hour). The Firesky really was the perfect place for us to stay - close to the convention we were attending, close to everything in Scottsdale, and just SO relaxing. We loved every second we spent here, and I would return in a heartbeat!
3	The hotel is a throw back in time - friendly people and nice simple resort.  Love the free shuttle in the local area.  The restaurant though is not bad, but the service can definitely be improved especially at breakfast time.
4	Pretty nice property.  Lacks in the value department when you are close to $300 per night, but that's probably our fault for staying here during Arizona high season - Spring training.  Even so, the rooms are pretty small and some of the finishes come off as cheap looking.  Beautiful pools and grounds in general.  One of the pools has a small "beach" which was nice to play on with our then 5 month old.  They also have several firepit areas and as I understand it, offer S'mores in the evenings.  The bar is very nice as well. A really nice touch is that they have a car onsite that they use as a shuttle.  So if you need to head to Old Town Scottsdale, they will drop you off and come pick you up later.  Or, in my case, if you want to pick up pizza, they'll drive you down and wait for you while you take care of business.  They had free wine every night from 4-6 PM in the lobby bar area.  WiFi was free as long as you are a Kimpton member (they signed me up at the front desk and viola!  I had free WiFi!  Overall, I am a fan of Firesky.  We would totally stay here again, although probably not during Spring Training.
5	We loved this hotel!  Great location, very clean and great staff. We brought our two dogs and the hotel was very accomodating and provided us with dog beds and water bowls.  The pool and spa was great too and they also served wine in the lobby every afternoon.We would definitely stay here again
5	The only thing that comes to my mind is why aren't there MORE THAN 5 STARS TO GIVE FIRESKY!!!!!Seriously this place is amazing! They know how to deal with 100+ degree weather, giving you the right amount of shade vs sun coming in. Firepits, Perfect Temp Pools, Hot Tubs and most of all know how to make it RELAXING!On site Restaurant is 3-4 StarsHotel service is superb.Rooms are very clean, great beds, showers and amenities!Overall a great visit!
5	Wow. I cannot say enough good things about this hotel. Came here recently for a girls weekend trip and it was perfect. The hotel rooms were clean... cute, perfect space for 4 girls. The pool has shaded spots with towels (although leaves kept falling on my head throughout the afternoon) and wasn't too crowded during the afternoon. We ordered lunch by the pool 2x and the salads were delicious. I ordered the Almond Chicken Salad and my friends ordered the steak Salad. The mojitos were fantastic as well as the pina coladas. The hotel offers a free happy hour from 5p-6p. They have 2 different kinds of wines and a margarita mix. We decided to go out on the town, and they offer a shuttle bus service. They're take you anywhere within a 3 mile radius. The bus is actually a red Escalade. (it's gratuity based) The guys are super nice/friendly and the desk staff all were professional & helpful.At night, they have fire pits outside and get this! They offer free S'MORES too!! (That totally made my night!!)The spa service connected to the hotel is great too. (Check out my separate review for the Jurlique Spa)
5	Heavenly! Firesky may be my new favorite Kimpton Hotel. Lovely staff.
4	This is the perfect place for a "staycation." Ugh, I hate that I just used that term, but it is the correct one to use.  Firesky is a beautiful resort, nice pool, service, rooms, and all.  Very nice firepits and free wine, beer and other drinks during happy hour.  I live in Phoenix, so it was a nice weekend away while still being near home. If I'm coming from out of town though I may want to stay somewhere a little more modern and swanky.It's less than a $5 cab ride from Old Town Scottsdale, so in other words it's free. Are you a teacher? If so, check out their teacher discount offers. Pretty sweet deal.
5	Beautiful, absolutely beautiful. I was here for a seminar last week, and the hosts couldn't have picked a more amazing location. It is such a relaxing and soothing environment. There are fire pits and great pools onsite. And it sure helps that they have a free wine tasting in the lobby every night. They also do a free signature cocktail on ocassion. I loved hanging out in the lobby one night and playing Jenga. We had such a great time laughing it up. We convinced anyone who walked by our table to pull out a block and put it on top of the stack. The poor guy who works there knocked our tower over. We didn't mind, we just laughed our asses off. He was so worried he'd do that, he didn't want to play, but was such a great sport and did anyways. That atmosphere was perfect. All the meals that were catered for us were great as well. Usually when I think of hotel buffets, it's not a pretty picture. The food was amazing, surprisingly. I would definitely go back on my own. The staff was super attentive and kind.The best part? The glass deer head light fixtures near the bar. Seriously? Yup, they had the balls to do that!
5	Love this place!!!  My association of 125 people has met here 3 times in the last 10 years or so and I'd just as soon have our conference here every year.  It's upscale without being pretentious or "stuffy".  The rooms are clean, nothing over the top... but the groups and facility are incredible and the staff is OUTSTANDING.This week they had a gas line break during a cold snap and they staff busted their a#@ to make things seamless with wood fires and propane.  Great Job Firesky!Bartender Sarah took care of our rowdy clan of 25 or so who were outside well into the wee hours and was the best I've even seen.  She hustled up big time!!!  The food at each of our events was "tip-tip" and the staff very attentive.I know there's a lot of high end resorts in this area and frankly, I've not been to any of them, but I don't feel like I need to go anywhere else... Love this place!!
5	This place was great.  Great location, great staff, modern rooms etc.  They also have a free shuttle service to anywhere within a 3 miles radius. Definitely recommend.
3	Kimpton has always prided themselves in treating their loyal In-Touch program members with extra care. They always acknowledge you as a member at arrival, often give you $10 credit for their honor bar, have a welcome back letter waiting for you on your pillow along w/complimentary snacks or chocolates and a beverage. They also make sure to meet your expectations should you have made certain requests while booking the room. At the time of booking, I requested a room on a higher floor w/a pool view. We were put on a ground floor w/a view of a fence and a wall that covered up the pool. I asked the front desk if the room could be changed and they said one wouldn't be available for a few more hours. We went out for lunch and came back in time for the room change. When we got our new room, our view was a lot of trees and partial view of a lagoon. Nonetheless, it was better than our first room. For the duration of our stay, I was never acknowledged as a member. Our stay was mediocre, and I expected more from a Kimpton hotel that was dubbed as a "Resort and Spa". After my stay, I went on their website and left guest feedback. I wasn't a bitch about it, I just mentioned that I didn't get the Kimpton experience I was used to, and expected a bit more from a Kimpton "resort". I didn't even ask for a response. Within hours, the general manager of the Resort wrote me an email apologizing for their lack in performance. He also said he would credit me back 1 night (which he did promptly), and that next time I visit, they would give me the experience I deserved, and it was on them.To know that the General Manager is reading the feedback in real time and is quick to resolve a guests disappointment definitely impressed me. If you should run into any problems while staying here I would address them immediately. And don't forget to ask for a goldfish to be delivered to your room! Just leave the A/C on when you're not in your room, to spare your little fishy from being deep fried in the AZ heat.
4	Actually they are more of a 4.5 but lets get on with the review.  Decided to book this place based on Yelp reviews and the central location of where we needed to be for the holidays.  Right on a main street, not far from any highway you needed to get to in order to go somewhere else and just a couple of blocks from a killer mall.If you are going to stay here I recommend joining their Kimpton club thingie before you go, it will get you a few extra goodies like $10 credit for the honor bar and a couple of free drink coupons.  I don't recall if the wifi was free or part of the club, do check it out and it is all over the property.  The grounds are beautiful and the pools were very nice.From the moment we checked in I felt like I had made a great decision booking here.  Wonderful front desk staff, everywhere I went someone would smile or in some cases hold the door open for me; it was great.  And the evening happy hour of wine and hot toddies for free - hot damn!  The free coffee, tea, and hot chocolate in the morning was great too.They honored all of my requests before arrival (what floor, the view, pillows) and I had absolutely no complaints about the place but one!  The restaurant in the hotel!One night when we went there (Thanksgiving night to be exact) for a later evening snack as we had pigged out at relative earlier in the day, the server we had was not making me happy!  He spent more time fawning over his other table like they owned him or something.Mind you, its not like the place was full considering it was a holiday night, but this guy was very neglectful, short of personality (but he was grinning his butt off at the other table), and when we wanted to pay and go we had to wait and wait until he showed up again.  The food was good the service sucked!Other than the sorry service that one night, I would happily return to this hotel when we go back to Scottsdale.
5	I did not stay here but did visit because I wanted to check it out for my next Arizona trip. I was pleased on all aspects! its gorgeous inside and out. The outside has waterways and gardens and the inside is hip n trendy but classy feel. The rooms are private w balconies overlooking the pond and pool area. The pool area has real sand instead of cement so its very tropical! The customer service stood out by far!
4	I stayed here for two nights the first week of April 2012.  Woot. Arizona weather really is the best. Overall, it was a nice place to stay. Purdy too. I bought a deal on Hotwire and wasn't sure what hotel I was booking until I paid, and it turned out to be this resort.  Overall, very satisfied for the price I paid.  However, I do not think I would pay $200+ a night here.  At that point, I would say it's not worth it.The entrance is gorgeous and nicely updated. Trendy, modern, yet warm. Love the lit deer heads.  I want them.  It feels like a high class resort when you first go through the entrance.  Once you head to the rooms though, it does seem like an older resort.  However, our room was nicely decorated and very clean so no complaints in that area.If you are missing your pets from home, be sure to ask for a pet fish during your stay! I asked for one, well, I had to ask twice because they forgot the first time... But soon I had a goldfish in my room which I named Basil.  (Due to me becoming inebriated on one too many cucumber basil martini's... Don't judge)As for the room/parking, it's very easy to park extremely close to the entrance to the rooms which we liked.  It was easy to navigate in and out as the resort is fairly small.  The room itself, ours faced the parking area, which we didn't really care either way about.  It was close to the pool so that was good enough for us.  However, I will say the bed sucked.  When my husband turned, I too turned and bounced along with him.  They badly need to upgrade to better beds. While not uncomfortable per se, I don't enjoy feeling every teeny movement of my partners.They had nice toiletries- C.O Bigelow.  I enjoyed those little aspects.For an hour every evening they had free wine happy hour, which we did check out one of the evenings.  Hey, no one complains about Free Wine!!!  Nothing special, but it did the trick.Hotel Bar: Had some kick ass cocktails.  Plenty of strength and tasty concoctions.Biggest Bummer?  The pool area.  Don't get me wrong, it's pretty. First appearances are good.  There is plenty of shade from large palms and such and there's an area for kiddies with sand.  However, there is not enough chairs for the amount of guests.  And the guests that are there put towels on all the chairs even if they aren't around, which is not cool.  Suggestion to hotel:  Perhaps walk around every hour and remove towels if no one's been sitting there for awhile?  It's not fair for a select few to have a chair all day, while others are unable to lay by the pool at all.  And while there is plenty of shade, for me that was another downfall.  Almost too much shade.  It was hard to find areas to sun in compared to those covered by shade.  It made me majorly pissy.  Sun is why I came to AZ.Overall, a great place close to downtown Scottsdale and a walk away from the mall. Perfect for those who want to spend time near the action.  If you can get a good deal here, it's worth the stay. Plus, they have a free shuttle if you want to go somewhere a few  miles from of the place.  (so you can drink and have a driver)
3	As a person that travels a lot, I have really come to appreciate some very simple things.  The return of the "nickle and dime" program is really something I don't enjoy.I think all of those fees need to be included and disclosed up front.  The efforts some hotels and resorts go to in order to make your rooms very quiet is something else I think we all appreciate.At this Kimpton FireSky location I could hear the water flowing from some pipe and the neighbors door open and close.  I don't know what pipe it was, but every once in a while I could just very clearly hear running water.  That doesn't happen at a lot of better hotels and resorts as I expected this to be.  At the end I was in a hurry to catch a flight and only made sure there were no over charges for meals and the room rate was right.  I ignored the rest of the items.  Hotels have made me numb to them with all of the different taxes and resort fees.When I got home and read the bill, I just felt embarrassed for paying the bill.  Rarely do I stay anywhere with a "resort fee".  When I made the reservation I was assured there was not one.  Somehow the FireSky took this to a whole new level I didn't expect.  There were extra charges for a $2.00 daily housekeeping gratuity, and a $7.00 bell gratuity.  I arrived after Midnight because of traffic so the only thing the bell hop did for me was say good-bye from the stand as I drove off.Over all the food and location are very nice when visiting Scottsdale Arizona. You can walk downtown and they have a shuttle so you don't feel like you are trapped eating resort food.  Because this was a work trip, breakfast, lunch and one dinner were enjoyed on the patio,  the Traggia restaurant was very good and not priced much higher than places in town.The pools are pretty cramped but still pretty nice.  The bottom line is I won't be back.  Of the three places I have stayed in Scottsdale, this one is three of three.This is almost a 3 1/2 star because of the restaurant and pool staff.
4	After a 3 day visit to Firesky, I have to say that I can't wait to come back!We escaped from the rainy Pacific Northwest for some much needed sun and relaxation and found it. The bulk of our time was spent beside the pool. There was ample shade when it got too hot along with cool water and even a little bit of sand. The bar staff (Alfredo, Benny, and Sarah) did a great job of keeping us hydrated and the on site restaurant was great! I recommend hitting the happy hour for the 1/2 price apps. The salumi and cheese platter was killer, especially at $7! And don't forget the free wine every evening from 5-6.Besides the hotel and its amenities, downtown Scottsdale is a short walk, or cheap cab ride away. Plus, the hotel has a courtesy car to haul you within a 3 mile radius. No need to rent a car here. Our room was large and it felt like home during our visit.
5	Great place for a getaway! Beautiful hotel with two lagoon-style pools, cabanas, lounge chairs, fire pit, full service spa, excellent Italian restaurant. Rooms have the Kimpton touch, free internet, comfy beds, and great service. Wine hour from 5-6 is not to be missed. Free shuttle service in a cool red Escalade that will take you around town!! First rate, totally want to stay here for another week...
1	Quality is awful service is worse
3	My mom and I planned to stay here one night over Memorial Weekend for some fun and relaxation. I flew in from Dublin and we went straight to the hotel from the airport. When we arrived we were told that the two queen room that we had reserved was not available. In fact, they had no rooms available except for one that didn't have a bed. For $50 we were offered a room that only had a pull out couch. This wasn't acceptable to us so the manager told us to go to a particular nearby resort and that Firesky would pick up the bill. As it was Memorial Weekend we asked him to call the resort first to confirm that they had a room. He did and they didn't. He then proceeded to call at least five other resorts in the area to try to find us a bed. We eventually ended up at the Camelback Inn. It was a beautiful resort and we had an amazing time there. In the end, it all worked out but I wouldn't book a room at Firesky again.
4	Stayed here because of the free shuttle service within 3 miles. Older motel remodeled with a boutique feel. Enjoyed the friendliness and service of the staff. The staff plus all of the touches like the free wine hour, shuttle service, nice coffee and tea bar in am all made the stay enjoyable. Will not hesitate to stay here again. Join Kimpton's loyalty program for room upgrade and $10 "raid the mini bar" credit.
5	amazing service, clean rooms and overall a amazing value for the price. I will be back.
5	Stayed here for a bachelorette party weekend and everything from start to finish was awesome+ Excellent and courteous staff+ CO Bigelow toiletries in the bath+ Beautiful property and pools+ Clean and spacious rooms complete with a vanity area to primp + Prime location: Very close to downtown Scottsdale Would definitely stay here again
2	The location and the staff of Firesky is great.  My party had rental car problems when we arrived and the lady at the front desk could tell I was stressed.  She gave us 4 free drink tickets to Taggia, the restaurant at the hotel.  The door guys were always friendly.  The front desk accommodated us as we arrived a little early for check-in.  I would give one star, but the staff deserves another star.I booked these rooms because the rates were very reasonable.  We stayed for my sister's bachelorette party and as the planner, I was trying to be conscience of everyone's varying budgets.  The reviews online seemed good overall and the photos online looked awesome.  After our check-in we soon discovered that it was all smoke and mirrors once you get past the lobby.  Everytime we walked by the firepit area there was a group of people smoking cigarettes right underneath the "no smoking" sign.  Always so lovely walking thru a cloud of smoke.The front desk offered to help us with our bags as there is no elevator to get upstairs.  As I just wanted to get in our room and resolve my rental car issue, we declined and just took our own bags upstairs.  I realize there's nothing they can do about the way the building was built, but it was a bit of an inconvience.  Once we got upstairs the entrance was blah.  Fine.  The corridors were just gross though.  There was one room with food left outside of it the entire weekend.  Could no one pick this stuff up?  The ceilings were low and the lighting was dim.  I felt like I was at an old La Quinta.Once in the rooms, the lighting was again dim.  We had two rooms.  The decor was ok overall.  Both rooms never cooled very well at all.  The AC was loud an wouldn't go down past 68 or 69 degrees.  When it gets up to 110 and you're sleeping next to someone else imagine how hot it gets.  All of us sweat thru both nights.  Both rooms felt dingy and were musty.  One room (563) smelled like wet dog.  I don't know how those girls didn't complain to the management.Hearing the dogs barking was annoying.  And seeing and smelling dogs "do their business" right when you walk up/down the stairs to get to your room is most unwelcoming.  Maybe it was because the staff was trying to get us into a room early that we got "dog rooms", but I would suggest keeping the pets in one or two buildings rather than letting them stay all over the hotel.  There are some guests that choose to leave their pets at home for a reason.  God only knows if there was a dog sleeping in the bed before me.  Oh...and the barking.  Ugh.  A suggestion would be to have a little doggie yard where they can go to the bathroom out of sight of other guests and the smell doesn't waft past you every time you go back to your room.The pool was another downer.  I witnessed people off the street walk right thru the lobby and to the pool.  There's no card access or security to keep the riff raff away from the pool.  The water was like bath water and the clientele made us not want to relax in the sun like we had planned.  We spent a total of two hours by the pool and found other ways to occupy our time.Being that it was supposed to be a special weekend, I am very disappointed.  After visiting other resorts for dinners and lunches we all agreed we should have paid a little bit more to have an all around more comfortable stay.Would I recommend this hotel to a friend?  In one word:  no.
3	Beautiful resort, clean rooms, nice decor.  Had a great time until we noticed they charged us $73 for mini bar food/drinks that we didn't have.  I am all for paying if I did indeed eat/drink it but we didn't.  Makes me think twice about having a room with it even there.  They did credit back the money but it totally turned me off to ever stay there again.
4	Nice place, great amenities. Pet friendly (YUCK)
4	I came here for a work retreat earlier this month and had a great time.  The hotel itself is not nearly as big as the website photos make it seem, especially the swimming pools which are almost connected.  My biggest gripe would be the "lake" of stagnant water to the right that is infested with mosquitoes.  Besides that, the resort itself was renovated and I did like their bed and $10 mini bar loots for joining their free insider club.  The hotel room is fairly spacious and there is free wifi.  I would like to point out that they do not have elevators and the bathrooms could use a little more updating.  They also wanted to charge more for rooms facing the pool (as oppose to the parking lot) which I think is a little much.  However, they more than made up for it when it came to the friendly service and sangria happy hour.  The location of the hotel is great in proximity to shops and bars but I didn't have time to see it.  I would come back if I was ever in Scottsdale.
5	Great place to stay in Scottsdale!Close to the heart of Old Town, & fabulously located near the best of shopping & eateries! Love the comfort, quality & sophistication of the resort & rooms. Great pool, efficient gym, delicious restaurant, & white glove service!
5	I am attending the Laura Gisbourne Conference here this weekend.  Raining cats and dogs ( thank God, the desert needs the drink! ) and I pull up seeing a majestic overhang with a handsome young valet guy awaiting my arrival!  Courtesy valet and all!I walk into the resort and it is very pretty.  Unique!  I love the ambience.  EVERYONE was sweet, the energy was amazing.  I was directed to the conference room and it was huge, well put together and everything fell into place.The restrooms are sparkly clean and the outside quarters are plush.I am looking forward to returning tomorrow and Sunday for the rest of this conference.~ Luana Joya Lucia
5	STAY HERE! - Truly a hidden gem!In an age where service is gone, personality has been lost, and most everything is either overpriced, disappointing, or corporate and cold, FIRESKY is unlike anyplace else. Is it absolutely perfect? No, but it is almost perfect. Do they strive for perfection in a very sincere and personal way?- yes!This is truly one of the best stays you could imagine - in Scottsdale or otherwise. The staff is friendly, and anything that might go wrong is addressed immediately. The management is seriously killer. They are in it to win it, and clearly they are establishing a reputation as truly personal, service oriented, while creating an intangible positivity and sense of well-being having to do with the actual human interaction that radiates through the place. You won't want to leave. Can you actually be homesick for a hotel? Yep. Specifics- the afternoon gratis wine is a nice touch, and encourages guests to convene late in the afternoon.. Met some nice folks while getting our glasses filled. The pool areas are fantastic.. The small sand 'beach' is addictive- it's like playing in a Zen rock garden in the water. We had some local friends stop by for cocktails in the lobby bar- they brought their kids so the Wii in the lobby was heaven sent. The loungers and cabanas are appointed very well, with fantastic pillows and such. I could go on and on. But you will love the people of Firesky as much as the place itself. If you are a stuffed shirt, who demands a cookie cutter, corporate polish, stay elsewhere. If you want to feel good, really good, stay here. Special thanks to Gail and Cheryl for their professionalism and warmth.
5	Great place to relax!!  Very tranquil pool and lounging areas.  Rooms are large and the service was good!
1	The resort is somewhat expensive the rooms are in need of repair, they nickel and dime you for every item. The wifi is $12.00 a day. Not a good experience very over priced.
2	This hotel is average with a down mark to two starts for a hard to understand room service policy.  First, the down mark.I arrived on a Monday night and my flight was slightly delayed.  I got to my room hungry and looking forward to a meal.  I called room service and got a message saying they were helping other customers and asking me to leave my room number and they would call back.  After 10 minutes of no call back, I tried again.  Same message.  So I called the front desk and they told me room service closed at 9pm on Mondays.  So I was out of luck and had to order pizza delivery.  Really?  9pm for a hotel that caters (at least in part) to business travelers?   In 25 years I haven't experienced a room service closing before 11pm.  And the message telling me to wait for a call back.The rooms themselves are average.  No complaints.  The gym is very small (4 machines) so get there early if you want to work out without waiting.  But everything worked fine.I will choose to stay at the W next time so I can eat when I need to.  If Firesky changes their room service to accommodate travelers getting in after regular meal time, I'll give it another try.
5	If you can get a room facing the pool, it's much better, even with the noise.  Love the balconies!  Service is top-end, typical for Kimpton!
4	Came to Firesky for a girls weekend that also happened to be smack dab in the middle of spring training. Loved the hotel and the pool area. Definitely go early to snag a spot by the pool as it fills quickly.  Service was great around the pool and we enjoyed some snacks poolside too.   We also took advantage of their car service that will drop you off and pick you up within a 3 mile radius of the hotel. Close enough to old town Scottsdale and shopping. Only downside is that cellular service was horrible!!! I have AT&T and couldn't make calls at the pool at all.  If they could only build a tower.....
5	Although I've stayed at the FireSky many times for business before, my family and I just spent two nights there for fun prior to heading to the Grand Canyon.  The FireSky never ever disappoints!  Located in Scottsdale, just a short jaunt from Old Town, we stayed there over New Years Eve and it was perfect - just the right party-feel in the lobby, but the hotel was careful to make sure and moderate the noise near the guest rooms, so we weren't woken by revelers once. The rooms are clean, spacious, and lovely. The lobby is just gorgeous - expansive and elegant with Southwestern touches, but nothing cheesy. The complimentary wine hour from 5-6pm every night is a blast with great wines, Wii, and games (including corn hole - yes, I kicked my husband's butt). On previous business trips to FireSky I've enjoyed the restaurant, but this time I enjoyed the pool and hot tub. My son, a wimp when it comes to cold water, got right into the heated pool despite the 65 degree air temp.  One of my favorite features of FireSky are all the outdoor sitting areas - some by the water, some by fire pits - that are great for sipping a glass of wine, reading a book,  catching up with a travel mate, or checking e-mails (free wi-fi) . There's even a few adorable tiny jackrabbits that wander about so my son and I played Spot the Bunny for an hour one morning. However, the best thing about the Firesky is the staff. You won't find nicer, more genuine or helpful people. All Kimpton Hotels have amazing people working for them and FireSky is the creme de la creme.
5	This is a favorite "staycation" hotel for me.  I stayed here on my 3rd trip to Phoenix, just prior to moving into my home.  I loved it then and I love it now.  Every since I moved here, I've spent at least one night a year at this resort.  Here's why...I stayed at this resort once when I was ill and had work being done at my home.  I called ahead and said I would be staying and I was "sick" and basically immobile and I would be alone most of the time.  The staff there was so helpful to me.  I didn't even realize that asking a hotel to borrow a wheel chair was an option, but this hotel offered a wheel chair to me to use during my weekend stay!  ha!  how wonderful because then, I was mobile!  I could wheel to Jurlique, the dayspa!  I could wheel myself to the Taggia!  And most importantly, with this being late May, I could wheel myself to the pool and lay out by the pool.  The staff that I saw along the way offered to help me.  I'm not sure if they all knew my health situation, but I know one things for sure, they were all so incredible helpful to me during that weekend.I fell in love with this resort on my first stay, but I really fell for them after my stay whilst I was sick.A few words about the resort itself.  I would give them a 3.5 - 4 on the quality of the rooms.  4 Star for the lovely patios that each room has.  4.5 Stars for its location.  5 Stars for the pool area.  5 Stars for the daily wine tastings - I like to chat and meet people.  5 + Stars for the quality of service I received EACH time I've stayed there!I continue to visit the day spa and stay a night here or there.  I drop in from time to time to have a drink as well.  I've always been happy with this resort.  I would recommend it to anyone: folks with kids, romantics, retirees and adventurers.
4	A very beautiful hotel. Lovey wine hour. Food at restaurant really good. Staff wonderful and room clean. Lovey pool.
5	We normally don't do corporate/chain hotels, although since this was a Kimpton I made an exception, and let me just say I am so happy we did!We were in town for a wedding, and since the reception was at the resort we figured it would also be easier just to stay there AND to make it into a little vacation by extending our stay for 4 nights instead of 2. What a treat it was!It's in the perfect location, and with the complimentary SUV shuttle that takes you anywhere within 3 miles you can't beat it. We were mere minutes from shopping, dining, hiking, biking & the nightlife. We definitely took advantage of it all and enjoyed having our own chauffeurs the entire stay. Not to mention that all of the valets who drove us around were great guys and pretty tolerant of some of the drunk ones in our group.As for the resort itself, it's like a desert oasis. Fountains, fire pits, waterfalls and pools galore. The grounds are well kept and once inside you really feel like you are in your own little world. I especially loved the lobby area with open seating, bar and huge fireplace to lounge by. In the mornings they set up a complimentary coffee station and in the evenings they had a wine reception = awesome!Our room was quite large, and located on the second floor with a private balcony which was perfect for lounging in my Kimpton leopard robe each morning with a cup of coffee. Bed was comfy, linens were plush and the mini bar was stocked. While we were there we enjoyed the fitness center, dining, spa, pool, event space & the FREE wi-fi. Every staff member we came in contact with was great, friendly, helpful and made sure that we had everything we needed.Such a wonderful place to stay & if we are ever back in Scottsdale this will be our first stop.
5	I have stayed here a couple times, but was first introduced to FireSky by Kimpton when my cousin got married here several years ago. What a great resort! The location is great, and the staff were all too happy to help us with whatever we needed. The resort was well laid out, beautiful landscaping. The rooms were well appointed and very comfortable. I will definitely stay there on my next trip to Phoenix. Thank you FireSky and thank you Kimpton!
3	I might have wound up with 4 stars here if I had come for a vacation.  Alas, this was a business trip so, I didn't get to sample much of the resort types of things like I would have on a more carefree trip.The location is right off a busy highway but, once you turn into the resort, that kind of fades away.  The rooms are all part of separate two story buildings surrounding the center of the resort.  Many of the rooms have balconies that overlook the center of things which includes a lagoon type area, nice pool with hot tub, fire pit and comfortable looking chaise lounges to relax in.  Lots of natural flora around to enjoy and there seemed to be tons of staff walking around and all were very friendly with warm greetings.The room I was in felt a bit dated but was OK overall with that hipster Kimpton hotel feel to it which I enjoy.  Bad planning in the bathroom relative to how the door and toilet are situated and, my shower dripped the entire stay which necessitated closing the bathroom door at night.  I had room service my first night which consisted of a Caesar salad and a burger.  The salad was average but at least had anchovies which I always like and the burger was properly cooked but no mayo, mustard or ketchup was brought with the meal.  The side of fruit was very fresh and very good.  I never ate at the hotel restaurant, Taggio but heard from those who did that it was just average.The meeting facilities were just fine and the buffet breakfast we were served each morning was quite good.
4	Recently stayed here for a FOCiS course. This was my first time in Arizona, woot woot! I think this location is great. It's very close to the fashion mall and old town. I had a really great time here, and I would recommend this place to people. Here's what I really liked:+ beautiful lobby area, felt so fancy!+ great staff, the valets were nice+ 24/7 gym, huge heated pool and spa+ complimentary coffee in the morning and wine tasting in the evening+ complimentary shuttle to anywhere within 3 milesWhat I thought was bizarre was that the main lobby area was so well decorated and well kept but the rooms themselves were out of date. Also, no elevators?? Luckily my strong and handsome hubby was with me to carry my suitcase up.
3	This is a bit of a 3.75 review.  But I'm rounding down instead of up.The rooms are a little squirrely--something built in the 1950's with a "just-short" update for the 2010's.  The pool area is awesome, however.  I wake up early, and I loved the coffee in the lobby in the mornings, although they could pay just a little more attention to this perk---I don't think they understand how this is an "easy win" for guest  accolades if the pots were kept full.  Me and my family had a great time here--would we stay again?  Ummmm---Maybe....other places try harder.
5	Favorite in Scottsdale! Fun, unpretentious, excellent food, great pool, love the firepits! Will is an excellent bartender! Being poolside feels like spending the day at a friends house-the cool friend with the freakin bitchinest backyard EVER!!
5	I stayed here in Dec. & have booked another stay in May. This place has a great atmosphere & ambience. It's gorgeous inside and out. I loved the lobby and bar area as well as the outdoor jacuzzi & fire pits. The staff could not have been more accommodating. I even left my watch & earrings outside all night while using the jacuzzi & a very nice guest ended up turning them in for me to claim. The parking was convenient, the guests were very friendly, & the room had no flaws. I'm looking forward to going back. I typically do not stay at the same hotel when I travel but am making an exception!
4	Great Location!Easy walking distance to the mall and downtown Scottsdale area where all the restaurants and bars are.  Of course, I wouldn't want to do that walk in the summer because you'd melt in about 10 feet... but in the Spring it's quite nice.They offer a shuttle within like 3 miles of the property but ask how long the wait is... and on busy weekends I recommend making a reservation or planning on a little bit of a wait.Great Service and Ambiance!Free wine from 5p-6p... and it was pretty good wine too.  Not 2 buck chuck.The lobby bar was really nice and inviting.  Cushy sofa chairs with stone and dark wood fixtures. The bartenders were helpful and attentive.  The one bartender even went so far as to go get us more free wine.The area between the lobby bar and the pool was a covered outdoor patio complete with fire pit.  At least it looked like a fire pit, but I didn't see a fire in it at night.  This was a nice place to relax if you didn't want to sit indoors and you didn't want to sit out in the sun.It is a little on the pricey side... so it's not a cheap place to stay. I think our room was $400/nt... of course we were there on a weekend during Spring Training so I'm sure that had something to do with it.The accommodations, grounds, and rooms are all very nice and well kept.Don't let the odd colored hallways in the hotel building discourage you.  The rooms inside are really nice and well-appointed with comfy beds and bathrooms where the shower/toilet is a separate are from the sink area.  Oh!  And they even provide 2 super soft, plush animal print robes.  I was tempted to buy one but I have like 3 robes at home and I couldn't justify buying another one.Our room was on the first floor and had its own little patio area so you could sit outside in what was like a little xeriscape oasis (except for the loud laughing and what not coming from the pool area a short distance away).The pool area is really nice with loungers and day beds and cabanas and a little bar area.   There are 2 pools (smallish by Vegas standards) and 1 Jacuzzi.  The husband and I were able to cool off in a little section of the pool which was tucked on the other side of a little walking bridge so it was a bit quieter and away from the splashing kids. The Bad:  The walls are super thin so you hear everything around you.The ceiling is super thin so you hear everything above you.To walk to your room from the lobby you must go through the pool area which I found odd... or you could walk all the way around the perimeter (of the property not the pool) to get to an outer entrance to your building if you didn't want to go through the pool area.  Either way... found it odd that there wasn't an easy way around the pool.
4	This place was wonderful! The hubby and I decided to come up to Scottsdale for a quick trip away from Tucson and got a great deal at this hotel. The location was great, very close to Old Town and Fashion Square so we could walk to pretty much everything. The grounds are beautiful and loved that they were so pet friendly even though we had left our fur kids at home. The pools were great and we spent most of our time out there sunbathing. As for the rooms, I thought they looked very nice and don't really understand why so many people thought they looked so outdated as most of the bathroom fixtures looked like something you would see in a Pottery Barn and the actual bedroom looked like it belonged in a Crate & Barrel catalog. The room was very clean (this is actually the first hotel I have stayed at where I didn't find a stray hair in the bathroom, which is impressive considering I have found them in 5 star hotels). I also loved the large balcony for sitting out at night. I saw a bunch of people around fire pit making s'mores with the free kit they give you and the hubby and I loved the free wine hour.  There were a few minor issues that kept me from giving the hotel a 5 star rating. The first was that the shower/tub wouldn't drain so by the end of our shower your feet were standing in a pool of tepid water. The second was that the pillows on the bed sucked, although the actual bed was very comfortable. I hate overly squishy pillows and had to put 4 under my head to feel like 2 normal ones. Overall though I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone, especially if you are traveling with pets.
5	I took my wife here for our anniversary last year and it was really nice. Upon arrival they were extremely friendly. They new it was our anniversary so they had a bottle of champagne and chocolate covered strawberrys waiting in our room. The hotel, amenities, service, and overall appearance left nothing to be desired. A truly great stay with a great couples massage in the morning. Great place to relax or getaway. 5 stars from me!
4	So we found another Kimpton Resort that we will be visiting AGAIN. In the heart of Scottsdale is this oasis with the staff that Kimpton is renowned for and a property that is a joy to walk around and view. I felt as if we were in a beach resort on Hawaii. Beautiful OPEN lobby with so much to look at. An actual beach (with sand people) pool area. They even have pails, shovels and such for the kids to play with the sand. There is a deeper pool area for those of us who are not traveling with kids to play in.The room we were in was a King with a view of the pool. The rooms are generous in size and as always Kimpton's eye for details like closet doors that open all the way so they are not blocking your movement were present. We had our own private patio area to relax in as well. Ours had foilage surrounding it and was very private but I did see others that did not have that privacy. Extra points that they are VERY pet friendly and will go out of their way to make your pets stay a happy one.The negatives for us were that under all that beauty was an old resort and as such things did not work well. The air conditioning was LOUD and our toilet would take multiple flushes to make even a little paper disappear.I would definitely recommend this resort to friends and family and we will be coming to for a longer stay next time. LOVE LOVE LOVE the staffOh yeah forgot to tell you, make sure you have mosquito repellant. They took us by surprise and we were biten to death while sleeping. : )
2	So I brought my Mom here for a belated Mother's day spa weekend. Beautiful grounds but we had to move rooms twice due to the noise level. We picked Firesky thinking it would be a non-daytime party resort but we were wrong. Although there are families there, they still blast music by the pool and it was super hard to sleep in...seriously, do you really have to blast pool music before 8 am on a freaking Saturday???  Get a grip, Firesky.  Also, I paid more to upgrade to a nicer room/view and they charge extra for that so be aware.  They did end up refunded this portion of my stay since we had so much trouble with noise. Oh and the maid also came in when we were trying to take an afternoon nap when we SPECIFICALLY asked them to not disturb until a certain time.I will say we both LOVED our massages.  The spa knows what they are doing for sure. I highly recommend the vodkatini scrub + massage...heaven!
4	They do a nice job here. The location is very good. The rooms were quite nice.
3	The room was nice enough and the staff is pretty friendly. We got a free upgrade, so no complaints there either. It's in a good location, just north of Olde Town Scottsdale. Close enough to hit the town, but not so close that you're hearing everyone hit the town too. The Fashion Square Mall is nearby and a lot of good eateries are just around the corner too.The pool area is really nice, I wish the servers would come around more often though. If you want a cabana, be there at 6am when the pool opens. People go crazy for them! The food was pretty good too, nothing to write home about though. Standard resort pool food.
4	This is a really great find!! I am not sure if the off season and the cleaning of the pool brought lower prices but the $$$ is certainly not true. I paid $85 per night in July. It is well kept, nice added features, cute patio, a very nice lobby with high back couches and chairs all over, with free happy hour wine. They have 2 pools, one is a sand beach feel. They also have nice fire pits at nite with smores each night. Staff were very pleasant. Patio and Adirondack chairs are a comfortable feature. Beds are comfy with down comfortable and pillows. Tub is not great but if you are not here to take a tub bath, all is good. Two separate mirror areas for getting ready is an added feature. They have ihome alarm and ipod set up for music etc. The only thing I could say as a negative is that there is a minor smell to the room each time you come in. Oh and a free shuttle to all the restaurants and 5h Avenue. Pleasant drivers. Convenient location to Old Town and a great Hotel.
5	The hotel was nice the rooms were very clean and comfortable. The wine and coffee hours are a nice bonus. The staff was very friendly and helpful. My 3 year old son left his favorite stuffed animal in our room. We didn't realize until we were home. Erica in housekeeping went out of her way to get the frog back to us.  I would stay there again because of the excellent service.
5	Living in a town of spas and resorts, with so many local "stay-cation" destinations, there is fierce competition to offer the best amenities, facilities, pools, spas, dining, and relaxation.  My number one choice for all of the above is Firesky.  Romantic, intimate, superior accommodations, outstanding food and drinks, unbeatable amenities, outstanding customer service from the front desk to the bar and grill.Things I love about Kimpton Hotels as a whole:1.  The "In Touch" loyalty program:-Customizing your stay and an added surprise.Not only can you customize your personal preferences such as the type of pillows you want on your bed, or whether you want a yoga mat in your room, but you receive a $10 "raid the mini bar" card upon each check'in.-The mini bar is fantastic with everything your snack-loving heart could desire from Goodie bags with gummy bears to Clif and Luna bars, organic dried fruit, Snickers, nuts, and even more specific essentials such as Tylenol, band-aids, and intimacy kits ranging from $3.50-$6.00.-Free Wi-Fi in your room and around the resort.2.  Meeting all of your needs with amenities galore.-This is a big one! Perfect example of exceeding expectations here was although our room did not have a DVD player, the front desk had one sent up and connected for us, free of charge.  (I have stayed in other local hotels where there was a $25 charge just for having one in the room).-A long list of complimentary items in (case you forgot them at home) such as computer/mobile chargers, feminine hygiene products, razors, clippers, USB cards, and humidifiers.-Take one of their custom designed bikes around town, and you can even add a gourmet picnic basket-Complimentary transportation within a 3 mile radius, perfect for going out in Old Town.-Hosted complimentary wine hour every evening at 5p in the lobby.3. Superior Accommodations.-Pillow top mattresses and super plush feather pillows make their beds a dream come true-Rain showers and C.O. Bigelow Bath and Body Products-Funky and comfortable bath robes, ours were cheetah print-Fully stocked honor bars-Flat screen televisions4.  Exclusive offers sent to your email. -Often that means you can get a room here for $99 - and if you find a better deal on another site (i.e. Hotels.com) they will not only match but either give you an additional credit, or in our case - matched the price and sent a bottle of chilled champagne to our room.5.  Eco friendly practices:-They recycle everything from phones to batteries.-They buy organic coffees and teas - They serve organic wines during their evening complimentary wine hours. - The cleaning staff uses green products.6. Pet Friendly.-Pet beds and food and water bowls delivered to your room.-Your furry friend even gets a welcome board with his or her name.Things I love about Firesky:1.  Taggia Restaurant.Coastal Italian with modern twists, superior ingredients.  Locally sourced ingredients, seafood flown in fresh daily.-A must try and one of the best pastas I have had: Chitarra (langoustines, artichokes, truffles, mascarpone).-Offers delectable pastas, pizzas, halibut, scallops, even roasted bone marrow.-Extensive wine list, custom cocktails such as Prickly Pear margaritas or Basil Pear Gimlets2.  The Property.Small, intimate, easy to get around - has the look and feel of a Hawaiian resort.-Torch-lit Pool, known by this name at night when torches magically illuminate the pool has poolside bar and wait service, ideal for adults, and features some comfortable canopied day beds.  No tto mention the "Aqua Bar and Grill" has fanstic burgers.-The Sandy Beach pool is ideal for families and young children, and features a sandy beach-The Lagoon.  Sitting areas and fire pits make this a perfect and calming space for relaxing with the morning paper, or sitting around a fire with friends at night.Absolutely perfect in every way!
4	I came here to attend a breakfast meeting in the conference area.  The group hosting it had one of the large ballrooms setup and the lobby was the pre-function space.  Coffee and Tea was setup for the attendees with a nice selection and quality of Teas.  Once the meeting started, we headed into the room and sat down for breakfast.  The banquet staff here was very friendly and did a good job.  The food was served hot and fresh.  The meeting started and went off without any issues.  It was a great all around experience.  I'd like to come back and try it for a stay-cation.Return Factor - 90%
5	Outstanding staff. Resort was very accommodating, relaxing and fun. S'mores by a firepit drinking champagne. How do you beat that? After staying at a number of resorts in the area for a quick staycation, we will be returning here again and again and again.
5	I love Kimpton Hotels.  I've been to several in different states and you receive the same world class service at each and every one.  As soon as I pulled up someone was there to open my door for me, told me where to go to check in and said they would give me my different options for parking or valet.  I had my dog with me and all of the staff came over to pet him or talk to him.  The girl at the front desk was very friendly and efficient, she got me checked in quickly and gave me a map with directions on how to get to my room and where everything was (the restaurant, fitness center, pools, parking, etc).  When I went to go back to my car the valets held the door open for me.The parking and buildings were easy to find, there are building numbers on the gates outside so it's very simple finding your room and parking near to it.  The room itself was very nice as well.  The bathroom was good sized, there was a little area with a couple mirrors and a sink for getting ready, a mini fridge, flat screen tv, desk with a chair and my personal favorite part was the little patio.  There are these pretty french doors that open onto a decent sized patio with a couple chairs viewing the courtyard.  This was especially nice since I did have my dog with me so rather than having to walk him through the halls every time he needed to "do his business" I could just go out the back patio to the yard.Room service was great as well, very prompt which surprised me at 7:30 on a Friday night but I probably only had to wait about 20 minutes.  The food was still hot and tasty when it got to me as well.  I was a little disappointed that the pizza oven wasn't working as I had wanted to try to the Margherita pizza but the cheeseburger with mozzarella was a yummy alternative.  The tiramisu was good as well, I liked how they served it in a little chocolate cup.  For breakfast I planned ahead and used the door card where you fill out your selections the night before and what time you want it served and then you can just wake up to breakfast rather than having to call and order.  I decided on the continental breakfast and chose the assortment of pastries, orange juice and coffee.  That ended up being a delicious flaky croissant, two muffins and a side of fruit.  The coffee was excellent quality also.I didn't want to leave but alas my stay-cation had to come to an end.  Checking out was as easy as checking in.  Again everyone greeted me with a smile, commented on my dog and held doors open for me.  This is why I will be a loyal Kimpton member everywhere I go, it's hard to find places with consistently good services at locations around the country but Kimpton delivers that.
4	My boyfriend brought me for a surprise birthday overnight recently &  he proposed to me there!! He had mentioned in his reservation that he planned to propose. To our surprise the hotel brought us a complimentary bottle of chilled champagne and tasty snacks about 30-minutes after the proposal (in the room). It was so nice!!! We had such a romantic and relaxing visit. Check out the complimentary wine/sangaria/lemonade at 5pm in the lobby. Friendly staff. Beautiful common areas. Plenty of private nooks around the grounds too. The pool is open until midnight so we were able to enjoy the peace of it after dinner with only a few other adults. Oh, we had dinner at Taggia and it was excellent! Finally, at check-out staff member Jess quickly fixed an error on our bill. What a wonderful spot to vacation or soak in a proposal. We couldn't be happier with our visit to Firesky.
5	read all the reviews and felt pretty confident staying here for the first time.  This place is gorgeous, great pools, friendly staff, good food, decent drinks and free wine hour (flip flop wines :() )The concierge hooked us up with  a dog sitter who came to our room and watched our three, yes three dogs while we went out to dinner at Mastros.  they have a whole wing that is designated for people with dogs.  This is the only resort that accepted more than two dogs, no deposit,  no weight limit, no fuss!  Free parking, free valet if you need it, free shuttle service which came in soo handy while being dropped off and picked up from Mastros considering that one of us was going to have to be the DD, free smore kits, free coffee and tea service, nice clean rooms, gorgeous grounds you CANT beat this place.  All the other resorts will charge for parking, newspapers or other amenities to include resort fees, not here!   I will definably be going back! I can't wait!
3	I absolutely loved my stay here at Firesky Resort & Spa. I absolutely loved the pool area as it is very relaxing. My room was great although I had a view of the parking lot. I will definitely request for a room over looking the inner courtyard of the property or pool the next time I visit. Thursday night campfire with marsh mellows and graham crackers was a nice treat and is in a great location in Scottsdale that is walking distance from great restaurants and the art district and shopping. I would stay here again.
4	When my friend taught me about this great place. I was a unamazed and say "OK", and didnt realize that this place was damn good. The ambiance was very cool, relaxing as if I was in a beach shore, and laying on a ground.When i entered the their spa. I said "Nice Place". But there is one thing that i hated a bit. I saw a used towel, I think the management should collect and get all the used towel or other things that already been used by customer. Because its giving me a negative feeling.But to sum it all up. I give you 4 stars.
3	soooo...I traditionally love Kimpton Hotels. This place wasn't anything special or out of the ordinary, especially for the price point. You could tell it was an older location, in desperate need of some remodeling. In hindsight, I would have enjoyed our staycation at a hotel with more amenities and less traffic noise and wish the staff would have been more responsive to our needs.
1	Dick, at the front desk, lived up to his name. What an ass. Condescending, no help, and tried to give us a lecture on "hotel cancellation" etiquette. Bad start to a new hotel experience. First impressions go a long way.
5	My girlfriend and I stayed here this past weekend for a girls weekend away.  I totally forgot to get an early check in so I called from the airport and they were able to do it, no problem.  Front desk and concierge staff was so friendly.  Jenny sat down with us at length and helped us figure out hiking and eating.  Our first evening they left champagne and snacks in our room as a happy birthday gift. So sweet!  The shuttle was great and the drivers nice and helpful.  The pool was perfect and not too crowded on Saturday afternoon.  They were very accommodating when we needed scissors, bandaids, extra bags, etc.  Our only complaint was no elevator as my friend had a huge bag since she was flying internationally for work from our weekend.  Also - the location cannot be beat.  Wouldn't stay anywhere else when I return someday!
4	I only stayed one night... nonetheless, I'm a fan (foooooooor DAAAAAYZ!!)Kimpton Hotels are customer service/experience oriented and they certainly treated me with the upmost care.The walkability of this particular property is most advantageous.... 'AND' the amenities are FAABB...
4	Where to begin....I love the look of the hotel. When you pull up, it feels like you're walking into a super nice resort (which it is). I also love the daily happy hour from 5-6 because who doesn't like FREE wine!?! The staff here is also extremely nice.I'm taking a star off because once you walk to the rooms, the decor is a little out dated and there were a ton of bugs! I love that the trees and plants but I think it attracted lots of misquitos! Me and my friends got at LEAST 10 bug bites each! Maybe we were hanging out in the wrong place at the wrong time (sunset ish) but maybe they could put some bug traps or spray the place with some misquito repellent!
3	I only stayed one night but here are my thoughts.First, the good points:They had free loaner bikes.  (Only available during daylight hours because they lack lights.  Bring your own lights if you want to go out in the evening.)Wine tasting in the lobby at 5pm each evening.Only 1/2 mile walk to the old Scottsdale area.This property has been around for a long time and while it has been updated, I was under impressed with my room.I had a couple meals at the restaurants and then some catered food for the meeting I was at.  The food was decent, though I thought a tad expensive for what I got.
3	We stayed here in March 2013 for a weekend of Giants Spring Training games.  I felt like I overpaid for the room, but the hotel looked luxurious on the website.  First impression: it must be Spring Break - children everywhere at the pool all day long.  Felt like a daycare center, and really ruined the vibe.  Not what I was expecting.  I didn't walk on the sand by the pool because I was afraid of buried turds.  Final analysis - this place was MUCH better after dark when the kidlets were in bed.  And the staff was way cool - we rode the hotel bikes to Scottsdale Stadium to watch the game, and they gave us perfect directions for our run/hike up Camelback Mountain.
5	Jessica A. & the entire Kimpton Firesky staff  did an absolutely stand out job for delivering a perfect wedding day for my husband & I. Our guests gave us so many compliments on the beautiful venue, delicious food & drinks, and overall experience. Service is top notch at this venue. What really drew my husband & I to selecting this place was that for the get go you could tell that the staff loved working working there. They were all extremely hospitable from the moment we walked through the doors for the first venue consult. Responsiveness, professionalism, and flexibility was never an issue. Whether it was about our room block for guests, the type of house linens for my event, or question about cost estimates that would best suite our budget, inquiries big & small were always tended to in an acceptable timely manner.My husband & I can wholly attest that we received the experience we paid for. The value for the venue is apparent from start to finish. We are so happy we chose Kimpton Firesky for our special day!See my original review on http://www.weddingwire.com/reviews/firesky-resort-and-spa-scottsdale/885db4d4af13dd5e.html
1	1st call - quoted 175 as part of the group rate for wedding i was attending (i had to decide if i ws staying there or not so I did not book)2nd call - told group rate not avail any longer as all rooms in group were occupied. now quoted 225Finally, I am called my group organizer, a room has become avail in the group. perfect. I am never told that the rate is now 300 though, I find this out when I am checking in.I stayed one night, I wasn't impressed, despite the extensive remodeling in the rooms this still looks like an old apartment complex on the outside. Woke up at 845 in the morning on sunday by the idiot outside my window running a gas powered leaf blower. Any RESORT that allows their staff to use gas powered leaf blowers simply doesn't get it. Allowing it before checkout time any day is absurd. I will never return, I would suggest you look elsewhere. Scottsdale is filled with high end resorts that are significantly nicer than this one.
4	I apologize in advance for the lengthy review, but the circumstances I believe require some explanation.  Our initial experience started very poorly, maybe as bad as it gets for a hotel.  My wife had a conference here for three days and we decided to make it a pseudo vacation and I would tag along.  So, our room was reserved long in advance with the group for the conference.  We live in Ohio, so the flight was long and we didn't arrive to the hotel until 1am.  The night manager basically told us he was completely full and there were no rooms available.  So arriving as late as we did, having no idea where we were going to stay AND having no transportation to get my wife to here conference which would start in about 7 hours to say we were upset was an understatement.  After about 20 minutes of arguing, it we were set up with a hotel about a mile away.  This still did not go over well for me, but by the following day i chalked the whole thing up with poor communication skills for this night manager.  I didn't know it at the time, but we were arguably set up at the most expensive hotel in town - The Phoenician.  They picked us up and dropped us off wherever we wanted by simply making a phone call.  After spending the first night at the phoenician, they told us our room was available.  Our experience after the first 20 minutes was impeccable.  The staff was wonderful, the coziness of the firesky was great, and I honestly didn't feel like we even needed to leave the premises.  The rooms themselves were nice and cozy as well, they had some nice decor and it was very clean and comfy.  The outdoor area with the pools was beautiful and at night it was so fun to hang out back.   The bartenders were awesome here too; i really didn't want to go anywhere else to relax.  If it was not for the initial issue, this place would have got 5 stars from me.  I can imagine there is no good way to tell someone they gave away your room, but I KNOW there are better ways.  All in all its a wonderful place to stay, especially for a few days.  I will be happy to go back to stay here...I may just call to confirm my room is available!
4	We were there for our Anniversary  this past weekend, the staff was awesome, very friendly and attentive..we dined  in the restaurant the food was very tasteful, we paired our dinner with the chefs recommendation and was very pleased, we also went with the advice of one of the young servers for dessert, zabaglione..wow very good!
2	Our last minute plans to DR fell through so we decided to make the best of it when i was in town visiting my parents in Phoenix. The amenities were minimal and the night time entertainment was non-existent. Coming from Manhattan and having stayed at some of the top all-inclusives in the world, our standards were high. It sufficed for the purpose we booked here for 9 days, which was to be within walking distance of the night life in Scottsdale, but that was it.
4	The staff was very down to earth and friendly, especially the valet guy who drove us around town..the restaurant was good for breakfast and dinner, the hospitality hour was very generous, and the morning coffee service was good; Wished there was a few food options for morning...The rooms adequate but not over the top...a few flaws....the grout in the bathroom was cracked, the new paint was not kept to just the walls ( picture was painted too) but all minor details...wish the room was a bit more...We enjoyed the visit and would definitely consider the hotel for future visits.
4	I got an AMAZING deal. Probably because it was June and 118 degrees outside. I am from Vegas where it was about 117 when we left so the slight temperature change wasn't an issue for us (after 110 it's all just hot as hell anyway). I wasn't crazy about the outdoor corridor layout of the property but it really was a nice hotel. The lobby was really spacious and a nice place to grab a drink (especially during happy hour where there was lemonade for us lucky nonalcoholic beverage drinkers). The pool area was nice but I kind of wish there was a designated area for adults who want to relax without the screaming and splashing of small children. The use of the car service for a three mile radius was VERY useful; we planned our activities around it and it saved us probably $80 in cab fares (we tipped well, I swear). The firepits and s'mores were a great touch but probably would have been a lot more fun for us if it wasn't so hot outside. Nice place for a little desert getaway!
5	We absolutely loved our visit at Firesky over Valentine's weekend.  Thank you to management for making our stay so special.  We loved the rose petals, framed "sister" quotes, cake and Prosecco which came in an ice bucket to be enjoyed later!   The pool areas were so nice and we sat in several places during our stay.  All areas were peaceful, especially enjoyed the cabanas.  The grounds at Firesky are kept so beautiful and although we wanted a room facing the pool, the courtyard room with all of the bunnies hopping around, so sweet.  We really liked the outdoor balcony deck sitting area from our room.We enjoyed the "half off" Happy Hour appetizers a few nights by the pool.  The appetizers along with the wine reception was welcome after our early morning hikes.   Thank you for the "make your own" Valentine set up and the s'more makings available at night by the firepit.   We also enjoyed the sweet set up for coffee or cocoa in the morning in the beautiful lobby.The Tiramisu from Taggia is not to be missed.   We enjoyed this delicious dessert while sitting by the fire watching the beautifully lit lights at the pool areas.We will be staying at a Kimpton in San Diego next week, then will head to another Kimpton in South Beach in April.   Next year we plan on returning to the Firesky.We never used the SUV car service which is free for guests, preferred to walk everywhere.  This property is close to everything.   Also, they have bikes for guests that we will definitely use next time.Sign up for in-touch - we were given a "raid the mini bar" coupon, nice touch Kimpton!  Also watch their website for the "secret word"...we mentioned it and really enjoyed our gift.
5	Excellent service! Very cleanbeautiful propertyFire pits at nights'mores courtesy of the front desk (brought the midwest out in me)Courtesy shuttle service to Old town.Courtesy wine happy hour.Amazing truffle popcorn for late night snack:)was there for a conference, and even the food set up for the conference was fantastic.Highly recommend!
5	Amazing! My husband took me to Scottsdale for my 40th birthday and he couldn't have picked a better place to stay. The hotel is very warm and inviting. Everyone from the valet, to front desk greeted immediately upon arrival. The lobby was gorgeous with a lounge area and fireplace and  provided complimentary wine in the lobby every evening.  We were able to check into our room as soon as we arrived. Rooms were nice and provided basic amenities, treats and drinks. The resort grounds were lovely. Little hidden chairs and fire pits all over. The pools were very nice and included a bar, and drinks delivered to your chairs. We enjoyed the sandy beach as it had a more laid back vacation feel to it. We also noticed a dog or two on the grounds and the hotel was very accomodating to the furry friends. We decided to each lunch at the resort restaurant, and so glad we did. Our server was very friendly and even comped us a free drink. The restaurant manager stopped at the table just to make sure we were enjoying our meal. Food was great and so was the local beer.Ok, BEST PART...my husband received an email prior to our arrival from Kristen asking if there were any special occasions on our trip, so my husband explained it was my 40th birthday and we were there to catch a Giants game.  Shortly after our arrival I had a special delivery sent to the room from Kristen. It was my favorite bottle of wine decorated in SF Giants with two wine glasses and a SF Giants cap! Awesome! Such a wonderful surprise and really showed how well the customer service is at this resort. The management and staff are top notch. I will definitely be back and highly recommend!
4	Rooms are just basic - nice but nothing to write home about.  Grounds are GREAT!  Pool and patio, sitting areas are really wonderful.  Weather was so nice we were rarely in the room anyway.   Its a very nice resort and the location near old Scottsdale is perfect.  We will return!!
5	Seriously, what is not to love about every single Kimpton property?! LOVE LOVE LOVE them and this property is a beauty! Used to be the Sunburst Hotel; beautifully redone and the desert landscape beauty is intact. Location is perfect: walkable to so much fun and food in downtown/Old Town Scottsdale. Who needs a car? I used their awesome commuter bike and went all over Scottsdale and Phoenix via their very nice bike paths/canals. Service was impeccable at the hotel. How are they upscale and still down-to-earth and warm? Every role was so helpful and nice. The restaurant Taggia serves a wonderful beet salad with duck: yum! And the bread pudding: delightful! Don't waste time looking around: Firesky is where you want to stay when visiting Scottsdale! A gem!
5	I stayed here last week with my family (Husband and two boys 8 and 5). I could not have happier. First of all location is Perfect. Close to everything. We did not drive more then 15-20 mins to get anywhere. Dinner was only 5 mins away for endless amounts of restaurants. Mall and shopping within walking distance.  The doorman was so friendly and helpful. Our rooms were nice and modern (very clean).  We had a small situation with our neighbor the first night and they upgraded us immediately to a pool view. Free wine every night. Free coffee everyday (not that good:p  It was a very nice resort and I will Defiantly stay here again! My kids had a blast by the pool. Thank you Firesky. It was a great weeks stay!
5	I love Kimpton Hotels so much that I wanted to spend my 35th birthday at a Kimpton!  Toward that end, I pulled up Kimpton's website and looked for a close-ish hotel perfect for celebrating.   With being just an hour plane ride away, Firesky was my pick for an Aries birthday celebration.  Here is a quick rundown of Firesky:Staff - Super nice and accommodating, not fake nice either, everyone seemed genuine. :-)  Extra props to Jenni for the birthday sparkling wine, snacks and card!Rooms - Comfy rooms, slightly dated in some ways (e.g. old marble floors) but I am ok with that because I respect the fact that Kimpton kept the original marble instead of just sending a natural stone to the landfill.Location - Great location just a few blocks from the downtown Scottsdale restaurants and shops.  You could walk there or borrow one of Kimpton's bike, assuming its not blazing hot. Pool - Make that pools, plural.  The pools and hot tubs were nice with plenty of options to be in the shade or sun.   The only catch is that there wasn't a hamper to place used towels so people would leave them on their chairs thus making you think the chair was taken.  Also, I think I saw a few crashers come off the street.  One of the pools has a sandy entrance and I saw a staff member come and bring a few kids sand toys which I thought was sweet. Architecture/Decor - Hotel buildings themselves are a remodeled desert cool post-modern vibe.  The hotel lobby is just downright impressive with cathedral ceilings, an awesome fireplace and comfortable seating.  Here you can find coffee/tea in the morning, ice cold water in the afternoon and a hosted wine reception at night. Parking - Lots of parking super close to the rooms.  If you're not a fan of stairs, be sure to get a ground level room since there is not an elevator. Other Amenities - The restaurant on site was great (Taggia) and I loved the convenience of the gift shop for sodas, postcards and snacks.  Also, there is a bar if you are looking for a cocktail, glass a wine or mug of suds.  There were not any weddings for me to crash the weekend I was there so I can't speak to the banquet facilities. :-)  I didn't get to the spa either.  :-(
4	Just completed the 2nd night of our 4 night stay here at this Kimpton hotel in Scottsdale, so it's a good time to write up a review of our experience here so far:Hotel Lobby, common areas, etc: this is a motel-type resort which I think dates back to the 1950's. They have done a good job in maintaining a Southwest theme and making it look and feel up to date. You do notice a few spots though where another coat of paint is needed or something needs to be replaced/updated.Rooms: Quite surprising, but our unit ( 2 double beds on the upper floor ) is actually bigger than the photos on their website show! How often does that happen? Beds are super comfortable, AC is flawless (needs to be in AZ in the summer), Wi-Fi is fast, and the flat screen is HD. As far as room noise goes, you can hear the neighbouring rooms, but we have had quiet people beside us so far. Our private balcony is a little underwhelming however, in need of a little TLC with just a parking lot view and some road noise. One thing that should be standard is a coffee maker. You can get them though if you call housekeeping and request one.Pool Area: Just great. Lots of loungers, a mix of areas in the sun and shade, and a separate smaller pool with sandy beach designed for kids. Pool bar serves beer and cocktails, and there's a lunch menu too. It's a nice atmosphere, music not too loud, and no big push to join in pool games or volleyball, that kind of thing. And it's no more than a 2 minute walk from any of the rooms or the lobby.Dining: have yet to try their on-site restaurant,Taggia, but judging by the excellent lunch we had poolside yesterday, it's probably very good.Staff: No wait to check in, and the front desk staff were exceptionally nice. On our first night, we called housekeeping to send someone to troubleshoot the TV in our room (remote wasn't working) and the gentleman who arrived was extremely pleasant and professional.Value: In the off-season Arizona summer, you can book in here like we did through Tingo.com for under $100/night. That includes their complimentary wine reception every afternoon at 5:30, free Wi-Fi for their In Touch members (loyalty program, free to join), plus coffee and free newspapers every morning in the lobby. I'd say overall that the FireSky is very good value.
5	We booked this room through a third party at the last minute when we returned to Phoenix after a trip to the Grand Canyon. There was no problem securing a room and upon checking in we were greeted with vouchers for a few glasses of wine at the bar! The entrance and lobby was clean and modern with complimentary water dispensers.The lovely receptionists at the front desk were A+!!! THANKS FOR ALL OF YOUR HELP!!!Our room was updated and clean, complete with bathrobes, yoga mat, and C.O. Bigelow products. The pool was nicely landscaped and at night they turn on the fire pits. The front desk will give you smores kits and sticks to roast marshmallows! We had an absolute ball (maybe even excessive =) ) with this surprise. During the day you can lounge by the pool and order snacks and drinks at the outdoor bar. There are also additional complimentary water dispensers around the pool for everyone melting in the heat. The pool and surrounding grounds were clean and the lounge chairs really comfortable for hanging out all day.My boyfriend lost his sunglasses and only noticed when we returned to our room at the end of the night. The manager, Kevin, was so helpful in finding them and making sure they were returned. THANK YOU KEVIN!For those with cars - there is ample parking around the hotel in the lot. You can get lucky and park outside your room too!This hotel is totally worth every penny. I would come back to Phoenix just to vacation here.
3	Booked online... Beware the 22 PER PERSON resort fee.  Seriously, that's double most of the (much nicer) resorts in Vegas!  What a joke!   Thankfully the rate was pretty cheap.During check in we were greeted by a very nice front desk staff.  They got our room ready early and offered us some lemonade :)The room is average... At best.  Our room smelled like a litter box.  The bed is comfy and and the room spacious.  The bathroom is set up pretty idiotically.... Toilet is right next to the tub and then a ton of space that is unused on the other side.  Kinda dumb. The pool is pretty nice, however, you'd think they'd have someone come clean the pool during the day.  The pool is surrounded by a plethora of mature trees which adds to the ambiance, but gets messy when they she's their leaves throughout the day. Overall.... Very average place.  It's in a great location, and might be a good find compared to others down the road a bit which are potentially much more expensive.
5	Great weekend getaway! Great service, great people, great rate!
5	fantastic staff, gorgeous resort, 2 amazing pools and lots of great free stuff like wine hour everyday. i was very impressed at this stay!!
5	I loved this place! It was super! I wish I lived closer so I could visit again.   great service from the front desk, pool side servers, restaurant and the rest of the staff.   Getting a chair can be hard at times but when people think they can leave the chair for two hours and return cause they left a resort towel on it need to think again.  Great coffee in the morning in the lobby....worth the walk.
1	Are you kidding me? This place is a joke.  I haven't stayed there so I cannot speak of what may have been. If their customer service over the phone is any indicator, I'm sure we would have been in for a real treat(complete sarcasm). Due to this hotel adding a resort fee, the over all price is now unreasonable. Instead, I found a Double tree resort, down the street, to be cheaper, nicer (in my opinion) and NO RESORT FEE!! Hmmmm.... free wi-fi? free newspaper? I get that at Starbucks. Your resort fee is just another way to milk your customers. When i tried to cancel my reservation online, no go. When I called the resort to cancel. Boy did they make it difficult. Phone transferred 3 times, then finally a very rude woman whom reluctantly fullfilled my request. By the way, it was not pre-paid. It was fully refundable, so I don't know why they were so hesitant to cancel. Needless to say, I will not be a patron of the Firesky. Not as long is there is a resort fee or better resorts in the vicinity. adios!!!
4	We stayed here recently for a one night stay.  Great small property and good pricing.  During the Day we brought our two kids and had a blast in the pool.  This property is very kid friendly, a lot of people had their kids with them.  This could be a plus or negative depending on what you are looking for.  The pools are nice and they had a beach area with sand.  The service at the pool was great.  Everyone who works here are very friendly, they got us in for an early check in which was nice.The property is small.  They only have one restaurant. Which we eat at.  The food was good and the price reasonable.The Decor or the rooms are modern and you don't feel boxed in.
3	The outside looks nice but there is noe view from the room. Pool area is really cool but no liquor.  They charge $13 for 1 day internet which is only 10mbps down and 10 mbps up on an unsecured network. I ended up asking for a refund on the internet and just use my phones hotspot which ended up being way fatster. T-moble folks beware, you get no service here but what else is new. Verizon wireless gets 4 bars.
1	My husband and I stayed here for two nights and almost left during the night on our second night stay. The beds were absolutely atrocious and very outdated! I mean c'mon... they had a piece of plywood as support for the lumpy outdated mattress?! The room service was VERY expensive and for what you paid for you got very little of. The pools were pretty bad too, my husband noticed empty water bottles (trash) floating on top of the water. The only positive to our stay is that they don't charge for pets to stay there. Of course we were put in a funky smelling room due to it being a pets room but I think that comes with the territory when you travel with your pet.
3	Recently stayed at the Firesky Resort and overall enjoyed my stay. The rooms are nice and well kept. Room service was great delivered in a timely manner. I gave the resort a 3 stars for a few reasons. PROS:-Nice, clean and updated room-Great Valet Staff (Matt)-Great Housekeeping Staff-Good Room service and prompt delivery-Local shuttle service was great-Morning coffee in the lobby-Great location-Nice (clean gym) but small.CONS:-Front desk staff was not very friendly, they didn't say two words to me when I was checking in, no mention of amenities or anything. When I had to check out a day early I contacted the front desk at noon and you would I had just committed a crime. First words out of their mouth were "we are going to charge you!!" I didn't even argue with him. -Lobby bar closes really early-Internet speed is very slow-Careful where you park! If you park under any of the trees you will come back to your car absolutely covered in bird droppings. Not cool!-Was doubled charged for one nights room and stay. Called back and spoke to Jessica and she was very kind and noticed the error from the front desk staff.Overall it's a nice place and convenient to downtown Scottsdale. Biggest bummer was the attitude and personalities (or lack there of) of the front desk staff.
4	The hubby and I took the kids for a short family vacation and were not disappointed. There was fun to be had by all. We loved the beach pool and overall ambience. We were a bit worried about it being a pet friendly hotel but the animals and their pet parents were great! We also enjoyed some four-legged cuteness that we don't get back home. We'll definitely go back!
5	Another great kimpton hotel/resort!  This one is a little different than other kimptons but is still had all of the things that are quintessential to being a kimpton: wine hour,  coffee hour, great fitness room, and great customer service!Because it is a resort property it has a great pool area for soaking in the Arizona sunshine!  They also have fire pits going at night and s'more kits!Overall a beautiful resort, a good price, and as always a wonderful kimpton experience!
3	If you looking to remember college days gone by or still here, I suppose this is the spot, pools overcrowded, but collegiate atmosphere, non smoking but everyone smoking on patios, cigar and cigarettes- pet friendly? Long hallways - set up in a square design. Free coffee and free wifi if you sign up for the Kimpton rewards ( free) , showing signs of wear for a seven year old resort. Overall, it's adequate for loud parties, want to relive college days - special rates if you search, restaurant pricey - though many choices for less a short ride or shuttle away. I was just at Amara -Sedona - and this place will give you culture shock after that. I suppose Kimpton has an eclectic collection.
4	Stayed here in late June for a couple of nights on vacation. Location is pretty good - lots of restaurants within a few miles. Pools were excellent - with the heat, we went out early every morning and did something (zoo, Taliesen West, etc.), then came back to swim in the afternoon. There seemed to be some party atmosphere with one part of the crowd, but they were never too boisterous for us with our kid - other families there as well. The room itself was fine - the balcony would've been fantastic if it hadn't been 110 degrees outside - but it was nice for drying the swimsuits quickly, and my husband and daughter did sit out there when they woke on East Coast time super early the first couple of mornings. It just looked onto a parking lot, but it wasn't a busy road or the loud pool area, so I was ok with the view. We got free wifi, and my T-Mobile signal was perfectly strong the whole time (not sure about that earlier review where somebody claimed problems with both). Speaking of earlier reviews - one that was spot-on - DON'T park under a tree unless you don't care how crappy (literally) your car looks. It was awful! The birds were loud in the morning, too. Service at the front desk and the lobby bar were both just fine for me - no problems.
3	This hotel is just OK. i have stayed at several Kimpton properties in the past and by comparison this is one of their less updated properties. I am a little bummed that I came with my wife, requesting a king bedroom, and was bumped to a double because the group i was with had a group rate, which apparently means second-class guests. The mattresses are either old or poor quality (or both), as both of our beds had lumpy body impressions on the sides and a rise in the middle, resulting in a less than perfect sleep for us both each night.This place is dog friendly and kid friendly. That means it's probably great if you have both but annoying if you have neither. The pools are filled with children which kind of  turns off nonparent adults a bit. There is a swim-up bar which was a fun touch.The only food onsite is Tagglia which was underwhelming, generic Italian food, forcing you offsite for better options. I never took advantage of the spa amenities, but the courtesy shuttle was convenient  and appreciated. The rooms were also clean, albiet showing the age of the property.All in all this is an alright place, though less all inclusive of a "resort" than places like the Homestead or Greenbrier. Think of it more like a hotel and you'll be good to go.
5	Swanky. We went on the off season and stayed for 100 bucks a night. Amazing pool, spacious room and free WiFi. The complimentary coffe & tea is nice, the wine was good (for free wine). I was the last in line at wine hour & the last opened a bottle of pinot noir for me. Definitely recommend if you can handle the heat.
5	Was there for work, Mika had excellent customer service.  Over all great place. Great breakfast,  food and the fresh juices were excellent.
5	Nice place, great pools one w salt water. Good restaurant inside.... Besides, spa & multiple nite clubs around !!!!!
3	We stayed at the FireSky resort this last week. It was nice but far from what was expected. The rooms are little out dated. You tell the hotel tried addressing it in the past by updating the televisions and bathrooms. It just felt old once you enter?.. Perhaps it was the carpet?... I just got that feeling... you'll have to be the judge yourself. Biggest tip I could give you would be that the pool area fills up quick.  So be sure to mark your beach chair early in the morning. Pool opens super early and closes at midnight. Hotel food prices were what was expected ranging from $8-$15 depending on what you order. Drink prices were average. The in-room treats that they offer are wayyyyy over priced $7.50 for a pack of gummy bears. So if you're a gummy bear lover like myself be sure to bring your own haribo gummies from home.
5	Five star!  The staff is amazing, the amenities are top notch.  I enjoyed the pool, fire pit, daily happy hour, shuttle service, and the free bike rental.  I've visited here twice: the beds are so comfortable! My stay was pleasant and relaxing.  I highly recommend this resort.
5	We had an awesome 5-day Girls Getaway at Firesky recently!  Our entire experience from check-in to check-out was superb.  The resort is welcoming, clean, and so very relaxing.  Jen H and Alex at the front desk were both so patient, friendly and helpful. We loved the nightly hosted wine hour and enjoyed the friendly atmosphere in the "living room" as well as the live music on the weekend. The covered patios off the well decorated rooms, were cool and relaxing.  We want to specifically mention Firesky's amazing poolside ambassador, Sarah. Sarah was so fun, friendly and engaged with each of the guests.  It is very obvious that she truly cares about the guests and was interested in not only our experience at the resort, but also in who we are back home in the "real world".  She never missed a smile, wave, or fun story while we enjoyed the sun at the pool.  You have a gem there, Firesky. She is an awesome young lady with an obvious bright future and will forever be a huge part of our fabulous vacation memories!
5	Came to the hotel based on the yelp reviews. This place was absolutely amazing. A smaller boutique hotel with beautiful, relaxing grounds and tons of complimentary services, like shuttle transportation, wine hour, and more! They are extremely accommodating and definitely provided the best customer service I've ever had at a hotel! They are also less than a mile from Old Town Scottsdale, which offers tons of great restaurants, shopping, and nightlife options. We will be coming back for sure!
1	This is the first time we checked in and checked right out of a hotel!Upon arriving to our room, it smelled  musty and  as if a tray of cat litter was left behind. We  asked for privacy and they placed a bachelorette party next to our room. We complained about the smell, they offered to move us. We attempted the other room and it smelled the same, looked worn down. Our view from the second floor was an old rundown apartment complex next door. The smell of cigarettes lingered around the property.After staying at the Biltmore and Four Seasons, this was not a comparison. The guest manager stated upon us leaving "there will be plenty of other guests happy to have your room".Overall, the property resembled an old apartment complex and/or a college dorm.We will never return.
3	Taggia restaurant - lousy service, expensive food with portions smaller thanan appetizer.  Everything is a la carte - we had issues trying to keep our waterglasses full.  Guess Kimpton forgot they are located in the desert.Had breakfast delivered - missing a few items.  Housekeeping came late in the afternoon(3 pm) when we were looking to get out ofthe heat.  Have stayed at other Kimpton properties - Firesky is not up to the standard KimptonDid have good service at check in/out.Phoenix has many choices in resort hotels - suggest you check them out beforebooking this Kimpton.
5	From the moment we stepped on the grounds until AFTER I was home, the customer service at Firesky was amazing!!  Food in Taggia was delicious and the portions were perfect!  The grounds are gorgeous, the rooms are well kept and clean and the employees are fabulous!  I can't say enough about Mike, the Valet, and luggage handler extraordinaire!!!  He helped us with taxis for evenings into town, even when their shuttle had issues, he made sure we had a taxi back.  When I headed out to the airport, he loaded our suitcases into the towncar.  Now keep in mind that Mike asked me to double check to make sure I had the right suitcases.  I glanced, and it sure looked like I did, until I went to check in at the airport.  I had the suitcase of the other person from my car that was flying out of a different airline.  I frantically called back to the hotel.  Mine was back at the hotel!!!  Mike got me my luggage in the nick of time and I made it home on the right flight.  Today I received a call from him, making sure that I was home safely, and that my luggage made it as well!  Going to Arizona - then stay at the Firesky!  You won't regret it!!!
1	Really bummed about my experience here.  After a great weekend vacation in Sedona we stopped by Scottsdale for a night before returning home.  Our intention was a day and night of ultimate relaxation.  This place was everything but relaxing.  The reason we picked Firesky was because of the pictures of the beautiful pool area.  The pool area actually doesn't really look like the pictures.  The kiddy pool is separated and kind of resembles what we thought it would look like.  However, we didn't expect a bunch of children in swim diapers. The adult pool was like spring break in CanCun with a bunch of 20 somethings drinking and partying.  100 people were packed into the area and music was blaring.  Occasionally two music systems would be running and you would hear hotel music under the louder party music.  We got massages hoping to wind down after a very intense not expected pool scene.  Massages were marginal especially for the price that is being charged.  Disappointed all around :/
5	Not too much. Not too little. Just right. Be sure to order a Cumberland Sky from Sara if you're down at the pool.
5	Have been here several times over the last few months checking it out for a family reunion this fall. We love it! Staff is friendly and helpful as can be. Have eaten both dinner and lunch at their onsite restaurant, Taggia, and could not have been more pleased.A great location that is close to "everything" downtown Scottsdale has to offer.  What is the most hard to believe, though, is how "away from it all" Firesky seems as soon as you enter the lobby. A true oasis in the desert feeling, with an amazing pool area. The only dilemma we foresee for our reunion, is that no one is going to want to leave. A good problem to have!
3	Staff is friendly, hotel is clean. Not very prompt and friendly dealing with a loud neighbor - but mostly 3 stars for lack of cleaning our room while we were out all day! When finally asked to do so- they did- and I returned from dinner with dirty dishes a left out , a pot of old coffee left out, and coffee supplies not refreshed. Had to ask for fresh towels to shower for dinner as well. They gave a horrible recommendation for dinner to Los Sombreros for dinner. States that service was slow but food was great. Food was awful and so was their service. Overall- not a bad stay but I expect more for the price. They did remove that pesky "resort fee" for the trouble.
5	I came here for a conference that coincided with my wife's birthday so we came together and added an extra day to make it a birthday weekend as well. I received an email offer to upgrade to a pool view room and took advantage of the offer. Very happy I did. Our room could not have been more nicely situated on the property. The AM coffee/tea service is a nice touch as well as the evening wine reception. My only complaint would be that they do not have black tea available. I suspect they use the teas that are left over for the AM service. The pool area is very nice with shade available for those like us who prefer it to full on solar radiation. There are also pleasant sitting areas outside the pool area to just relax and read or have a quiet conversation. Our room was comfortable without any of the problems other reviewers complained about. We always travel with a curtain clip. Worked perfectly with the blackout curtains. This was a necessity as there's a balcony light that stays in all night. I'm surprised they don't have them as standard equipment in the rooms. Many restaurants and a large shopping mall are a short walk away and the hotel has a free local shuttle. Next time we will skip the rental car and PHX's monstrous fees and taxes. (Over 50 percent!?! Very tourist UNfriendly) Now if Firesky had an airport shuttle...Overall it was a productive weekend for me and a relaxing one for my wife. We will be happy to return.
1	STAY AWAY! My husband and I checked this place out online and every search engine had nice reviews, so we booked. Upon arrival, we went to our room, which was more like a motel. The smells in the breezeways were as if they sprayed potpourri over an existing musty stench. Our room was facing a parking lot and smelled musty. We requested another room not facing a parking lot, they moved us over to an "oasis" view,which was hardly an oasis. After spending just a few minutes, we checked out. The smells were horrific. I must say the staff was very nice and refunded our money through booking.com. The lobby looked lovely but nothing like the online pictures. For $250+ a night, we took our money elsewhere.
3	"We had a good stay at this resort for the most part. The front desk staff, particularly Austin, was extremely helpful and very nice. However, I requested and informed through email and over the phone that it was my husband's birthday, as well as our six month anniversary during our stay, and was informed that there would be something waiting for us. There was nothing even mentioned by any of the staff, let alone anything waiting. Normally I would not care about this, but we intentionally did not bring any wine or champagne to celebrate, and upon arrival, had to leave the hotel to go retrieve some in order for us to celebrate our six month anniversary. Like I said, this would not have been a problem had I been informed that the resort does not celebrate things like that, and we would have been prepared on our own.Also, the bellman Mike, was very rude to us. We rented a bicycle from the resort in the early morning, rode around Old Town most of the day, and then returned the bike to our room before we had to leave for dinner. After we got back from dinner, we took the bike back up to the front, and my husband decided to ride it instead of walking next to it. At this point, it was around 8:30 pm, and we had had a couple of celebratory drinks at dinner. My husband accidentally hit the curb, resulting in no damage to the bicycle, and instead of Mike asking if he was okay, he said loudly enough for all guests waiting outside for their cars, "That's why we tell you to return the bikes by 6 pm." I made sure my husband was okay, and then told him that we were not informed it needed to be back by 6 pm. He said, "Well that's not my problem." Now, I understand that Mike and the other bellmen have to deal with plenty of people who have been drinking, but this is absolutely no way that we should have been treated. My husband said he did not want to stay here again, solely because of Mike, if that is who FireSky employs. We are spending our hard-earned money there, choosing to stay at your resort over the many others that are available in Old Town.The property is beautiful and we really enjoyed having our dogs with us one of the nights that we stayed there, but these simple things are things that matter to customers, specifically us. That simple interaction between Mike and us gave us a horrible taste in our mouths for this resort. We would have recommended the resort to others, but now I am not sure that I would send my friends there if they are going to have the same interaction as us."That was an email that I sent to a general manager after we received an email from her asking about our stay, which is why it is extremely in detail about the situations we had.Like I said in the email, Austin and the rest of the front desk staff were fabulous. They were extremely nice and even more helpful. I would have given 5 stars had the situation with the bellman not happened. The property is great, with a fire pit and large pool area for their guests. The rooms were good, not great, but we also may have been where only dogs are allowed, as we had our two dogs with us. Which was really great since we had no one to care for them for one night of our stay. They have plenty of area for the dogs to use the restrooms, and most other guests are happy to see the dogs around.Overall, we may be back, but it will just depend on the situation, like if we are bringing the dogs. I will update my review if I get an email back from the manager.
4	Recently stayed a week for a conference and couple days of R&R. Great staff. Lobby and exterior were very nice. Building is older and has been remodeled. The only issue I had was because the building my room was in is very close to a pretty busy street. There was quite a bit of noise from the cars going by.
4	This review is just based on the customer service of the management staff, as I have not stayed here since my previous review, YET. I will be going back simply because of the great customer service that this resort has given.For my previous review, we had a negative experience at one point in our stay, and the management staff has reached out multiple times to see how they can change our minds about this resort. There was a survey after we stayed, but because of the review on Yelp I was reached out to personally. That is AWESOME, simply because you can tell that the management staff takes care of, and respects, their property and the people they work for. I will update again after our next stay, and hopefully it will be 5 stars then!
5	Attended a conference here and was really impressed with the property. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The bar in the lobby had a nice selection of food and wine. The grounds are very nice as well.
4	Last minute trip change landed my daughter and I here on a Saturday night. We had a great experience, staff was friendly and accommodating. As stated in other reviews, the pool is exceptional. Free s'more kits for little and big kids to use in the fire pits at night. It was a nice and unexpected stay. I will be back again. Not sure about the WiFi issues in other reviews, ours was free.
5	The Kimpton hits another home run!  I came here for a little R&R prior to a business meeting and wow how relaxing.  I feel like a new person after 3 days and I'm dreading returning to the CT cold.  Can I just live here please...The grounds are absolutely gorgeous...a little oasis.  Beautiful hotel entrance and a cool lobby with of course a hotel bar.  The outdoor grounds are beautiful with all the manicured trees and gates surrounding a couple different pools.  Of course an added bonus with a pool bar.  They have a spa on site, but I didn't visit it. They have a gym too with some weights and cardio equipment. It does the trick.  They also have a complimentary car service on site that will get you to where you need to go in a 3 mile radius.The rooms are nice and the bathrooms are updated. We had a nice little balcony overlooking the pool area.  This is an older property so the rooms may not look like other Kimpton properties, but you know what boo-hoo they work just fine.The staff again is wonderful....friendly and professional. Would you expect anything less from a Kimpton Property?  From bellmen, front staff, housekeeping and Eric who served us at the hotel pool.  All top notch and one of the many reasons I recommend Kimpton Hotels to my family and friends.
3	Firesky Resort is a swanky resort in Scottsdale.At first we were excited about the vibrant atmosphere, but our room didn't seem to get maintained well. As soon as entering the room we realized that the tissue paper is empty (I had an allergic reaction to the desert dust), and we had to call for a refill. Twice, in fact - they didn't show up after 30 minutes of the first call.Then we realized that two light bulbs in the bathroom were out and one in the bedroom was flickering so we had to turn it off. And a couple of light bulb packages were left on the bar - was I supposed to replace them myself? o_OI have to say, concept was great, but execution was poor.
3	I stayed here for a work conference last month. The accommodations were very nice, except for a faint odor every time the AC in the room kicked on. The front desk staff were extremely polite and had exceptional customer service. It's only about a half mile from the mall which has some pretty good food choices (now that I live in Maryland I really miss places like yardhouse with great food and beer choices). I probably would give the resort 4 stars if it weren't for the horrible restaurant/kitchen staff. I had breakfast 2 mornings in a row and had bad service both times. To set the stage, on both days the restaurant was busy, but not crazy busy and they appeared to be adequately staffed having a server for each little section. Day number one the server took our order and brought our food in a fairly timely manner, we ate, and wanted to get our check, but waited 30 minutes before we ever saw our server again. Not sure if she was on break or what but it threw our schedule for the morning off.  Day 2 we sat with a group of acquaintances who had already ordered their food. Waited another 30 minutes for their server to return so we could order and then waited another 45 minutes for our food to actually come. Yep, 45 minutes for eggs and toast. Had to take our food to go because it once again threw off our schedule for the morning.My suggestion, stay at this hotel, but skip the restaurant and go to one of the surrounding places with better service.
5	Not enough superlatives for this fabulous property.  Every staff member were more than pleasant and accomodating   Specifically, Alex and Kerstin on the Front Desk Christmas night   My family arrived late so our evening went unusally long   These delightful ladies, looked after my dog Jacques   They went above and beyond exceptional service    The entire resort is wonderful   Wish I could live here.Love it.   Hope ICH lets them continue to be the wonderful boutique we count on.
4	Visited for a weekend getaway with my wife and two dogs.  The resort is very dog friendly.  The only place four legged friends are not allowed is the pool which is understandable.  Old town is within walking distance.  The fire pit and smores make for a nice way to warm up on a chilly winter evening.  Pools are heated and very well maintained.  Staff was very friendly and accomodating. The only downfall is our room smelled like cigarrette smoke covered by an air freshener.  It was not bad enough to prevent a return trip but it is something we noticed.
