5	This wonderful neighborhood place specializes in breakfast, but serves lunch as well. The food is served on large Dansk china plates and is probably the most beautiful petit dejeuner presentation I have seen during my nine months living in Montreal. The variety of fresh fruits is amazing. The servers are first rate. About 50 yards west of Parc La Fontaine. Try it; you'll like it.
4	Thanks to our local friends in Montreal who led us to this local restaurant and discovered the richest and butteriest French Toast on earth! I never thought French Toast could be so soft and crispy at the same time. It is just the right amount of sweetness and one toast is enough to satisfy your hunger and desire. I happened to order the Spanish Omelet since I always feel like French Toast is a sin (too much sugar, carb and butter). My Spanish Omelet comes with Chorizo, asparagus and cheese and it is very tasty with their homemade dipping sauce. Their home fries is superb with hint of rosemary. However, I must say the French toast is the real winner here. The dish all comes with fresh fruit or salad and somehow the fresh fruit makes me feel less guilty about having such a heavy meal. I did order a croissant to go with my omelet and it was fluffy and buttery! The only complaint I have is that the waitress seems to be the only one working in this neighborhood gem, which slows down their service.
4	I like this restaurant! I've been several times. The food has always been good. And the service is quite friendly as well. I really don't have anything negative to say, I guess that's a good thing!
5	Without any doubt, this is my absolute favourite breakfast spot in the city! The quaint location and cozy atmosphere always leaves me feeling like a tourist. Their unique menu makes it difficult to try something new when you're craving your favourites... But regardless of what you decide on, you won't be disappointed. Tip: Double check the opening hours before showing up... It'll be difficult to not satisfy that craving.
4	Passe Compose finished off my Montreal eating vacation, which included Joe Beef, APdC, Wilensky's, Schwartz's, and Fairmont Bagel. Off all those places, Passe Compose is the one I'd likely be a regular at.The restaurant is a cozy, perfectly sized breakfast spot. The service was a bit slow, but very kind, and even patient with our terrible attempts at French.The food was awesome. The menu includes a broad range of breakfast classics. I chose from the oeuf poche portion of the menu, which I believe translates to eggs Benedict. The pork eggs benedict I enjoyed was easily the best I've had. The pork taste was subtle, nestled in a potato underneath the egg and sauce.  My friend ordered a gnocchi poutine special, which was packed with umami flavor. If you're here and this is still on the menu, order it.I'd come back every Sunday if I could. It surpassed all expectations I could have for a breakfast joint, but didn't do anything that absolutely blew me away.
5	We live on Montreal and this is one of our favorite breakfast spots. We always recommend our friends and guests go here when in town.Side of French toast, an ABSOLUTE must!!!
2	These people are super rude if you can't speak French. Don't bother asking for an English menu. Next level eyes rolls. About the food...French brunch fare, not shy to use butter, pretty presentation, on the heavy side. Everything was delicious but the lack of service and general attitude detracted from the experience. I won't be back. Je suis not sorry.
4	Great spot for your first meal of the day! However, the food presentation looks cold and the lineup seemed chaotic... Read more on http://theforbiddenmeal.com/2014/11/05/le-passe-compose-revisiting-the-past-by-brunching-in-the-present/
