5	Chris is really great & does great work - HONEST :) Chris has been cleaning our pool now for 5 months & I am grateful.No more worry's going on.Chris is punctual & quick & respects the APS Bill.Thanks Chris for all you do.Sincerely,Janine (Regina)
5	Great timely work, they do what they say and show up on time and consistently.
5	I finally found someone that knows what he is doing.  Chris has fixed all of my pool issues and has my pool running like new!  He is always on time and  returns text messages and email quickly!  I highly recommend him to anyone.  Thanks Chris!!!Sincerely, Vickie Cooley  (Miss OCD)
5	I was gone on vacation and came back to a green pool. After correctly diagnosing the problem and getting to work my pool is back to absolutely crystal clear. Amazing work, do what they say, and get the job done on time! Thank you so much!!!
5	New Living Pools is ran in a very honest and highly efficient way!  Chris is one of the best in the business and knows what he is doing when it comes to pools.  I highly recommend New Living Pools and guarantee you will not be disappointed!
5	Hello I run a service business in the valley and we strive to give great customer service so when we get Great customer Service we like to share about it. These guys have been great they call when they say there going to and they show up on time and do honest work. Thanks!
5	I just moved to a new home and was looking for a good honest pool guy and chris and his staff made that happen!! excellent service and knowledge of pool repair!!!  great job new living pools .. very happy found my pool guy highly recommend!! don't hesitate  call them!
5	When we first bought our house Chris was taking care of the pool that was last year August come January its a little colder so no swimming in the pool I figured I will wing it taking care of the pool till the summer big mistake. To make a long story short my pool had issues we called Chris to help us he was more than happy to come and see what's going on he did everything he could but my pool was not having it ended up we did have one of those old filters it was time to upgrade. He showed up on Friday started draining the pool took out the old dinosaur and put in a new more modern one it was in before I new it the pool got cleaned and now it is just beautiful...also it's great to have someone that is fair and not trying to get over on people thanks for your work Chris....
