5	If you're feeling unorganized, overwhelmed and looking for someone to help you de-clutter who is friendly, non-judgmental, listens to your needs, and will work with you side-by-side to accomplish your goals, then you have found the right guy. Carl is the best!
5	I continue to be "wow'd" at my kitchen!I'd heard of the services from a friend of mine.  I'd never thought I'd be a person to use an organization service in my home.  The more I thought I about it, I use a service to maintain and clean my car, clean my home, and mow my yard.  So why not this? At our initial assessment, Carl listened to how I live and work in my kitchen, we discussed my short and long term goals for my kitchen. Frankly, in the 5 years I've been in the house, I just needed organization from clutter.  The flow of finding things was crazy.  I thought I needed to supplement storage in my kitchen with additional cabinets, and cabinet organizers installed in my original mid-century cabinets to just to keep up. After the first meeting, we scheduled a follow up to execute our work.  He pointed out that many of his clients choose to replace things like cabinet liners and drawer trays at this time as well.  And, he provided good rules of thumb for measured quantities of liner material to buy, as well as input on benefits of different types of liners (there are different types? Who knew!!). On the evening of our work  Carl arrived on time with boxes in hand and a plan in his head.  In short order, my kitchen was transformed and organized, local charities have new kitchen gadgets, and my cabinets are free of expired food! The new flow in my kitchen is logical, efficient and works for me.  Best of all, I now realize that I no longer need to supplement my kitchen with additional storage cabinets!  Talk about savings.Thanks to Carl, I'm loving my "new" kitchen.  I've already scheduled a repeat visit to help with my laundry room... it's a mess!
5	Transformational! We engaged Sort By Design to clean out and sort clutter, supplies, equipment and furniture stashed in 3 large rooms for 13 years! Staff was reluctant to let anything go. Mr. Brinson calmly consulted with those who were resistant to change. He considered their requests and began the process. As the space started to look presentable and functional, people became excited and supportive of the change. We now save time looking for supplies as everything is in its' place plus we save money by "shopping" in our storage room! The whole experience was positive for everyone and really boosted morale! Highly recommend Sort By Design.
5	Sort By Design helped us turn our guest room/playroom into a much more functional space.  Carl came out, looked at the space and then sent through recommendations in a timely manner.  We couldn't be happier with the space now!  After rearranging the room, our daughter now has room for her kitchen, toys and even a small table.  The Closetmaid cubicle systems look great and hide lots of toys, making the guest room piece of this room visibly nicer.  :)  THANK YOU to Carl and Sort By Design!!!
