3	Ah, this place isn't all that bad.  If you are here, you're probably sick and grumpy.  Keep that in perspective. This place has been taken over by Health Care Partners which means all new doctors.  And they haven't updated their website so the doctors listed aren't there anymore.  A couple stars off for misinformation.My suggestion is make an appointment and make it with a nurse practitioner, not a doctor.  Same day appointments are easy to get.  But if you make an appointment with a doctor, even if it is first thing in the morning, it'll take forever.  And if all you need is an opinion about your illness du jour and a prescription for antibiotics, a nurse practitioner will do.  You aren't here for surgery or anything.  The nurse practitioners are super nice but efficient and don't waste time chatting up the staff or clients.  Just get in and out and back into bed.  That's the goal, right?  Speaking of which, that's where I need to be instead of writing Yelp reviews.  Antibiotics haven't fully kicked in yet.
5	I love Dr. Wingard. He is always warm and responsive. He takes on all of my questions and respects me as a nurse. The only con can be waiting for the appointment because sometimes he is so busy you can't get in to see him quickly. He is an A+ doctor
3	I've been going to this doctors office for many years. My doctors have come and gone, (they moved) but I'm still here. Not the best doctors I've ever had but beggars can't be choosers here in Las Vegas. The facility is clean. The staff is helpful, alot of the staff has been here as long as I've been a patient. I do usually feel rushed and sometimes it's difficult to get someone on the phone to answer a question, but I've learned to live with that in Southern Nevada. Luckily I have some medical knowledge, helping to know what kind of questions to ask.Get well soon!
3	My husband and I have been patients of Dr. Shin now for about three years.  I'd give him four stars since he truly does care about his patients.  However, I'd give the actual facility two stars so I split the difference and gave a total of three.  They never schedule  enough time for the doctor when there is only one available so your wait time may go into the hours during those time.  Even when there are multiple doctors I've never had a wait time less than hour.  One time I was running late and called to tell them.  I got a "we don't take late patients and treat them as walk-ins" from the front desk.  However, they asked the Dr. if he would still take me even though I would be about 15 minutes late and he said he would.  Of course when I got there they were running behind by an hour so I still had to wait over an hour and a half before I was called back.  It's also a pain to get your prescriptions refilled since the nurses station rarely picks up the phone and it may take a couple of days for them to call you back.  If it wasn't for the fact that my husband likes Dr. Shin, we'd have been gone a long time ago.To sum up, good doctor, bad scheduling practices and a poor attitude at the front desk.
1	The absolute worst doctors office I have been to since I have been in Vegas. You wait for hours, even with an appointment. You have schedule office visits months in advance. The only reason I went there for so long is because Dr. Shin is an awesome doctor. HPN doesn't offer him as a PCP anymore, so there was no reason for me to continue to go there. The other doctors there do not want to do anything for you. They act like they are trying to save the insurance companies money. They make you wait forever, then rush you out. They are the perfect example of the worst health care system (Las Vegas) has to offer you. Avoid this place if at all possible. Dr. Shin still works in the urgent care here though, if you ever need it. He is great doctor and a good guy.
1	So, Dr. Shin is only seeing walk-ins on Saturdays now and the guy replacing him is an ass.  I've already found another doctor and my husband will be finding another one as well.
4	We all know how hard it is to find a good doctor. I have had some really, really awful experiences in this city, and this place finally ended my year long search for a decent doctor. I have been seeing Dr. Kalra, and she is absolutely fantastic. She spent more than 60 seconds with me, which is 30 seconds longer than any other doctor I have seen in this city. As for the facility itself, it is clean and the staff are very welcoming. Wait times vary; I am usually called back within 10 minutes of my appointment. Everyone I interacted with was efficient and knowledgable. When my doctor suggested that I have bloodwork done, I was able to have it done in a room just down the hall from where I spoke with my doctor, and the technician was a miracle worker for this needle-phobe!
