4	I was discussing, the other day, that some people seem to have a slight mental block about dining in hotel restaurants. I suppose the perception is that they're a touch pricey, but while that may be true, the quality is often extremely impressive.In Edinburgh, we have some outstanding hotel restaurants. The Bonham is tremendous, as is Hadrian's and Brasserie de Luxe, and the George Street Bar & Grill and Bisque Brasserie are both rather good, too. Added to that number is One Square, the restaurant in the Sheraton, on Lothian Road.Their menu blends locally sourced dishes, with items of a more broad, international appeal. I had a really lovely flatiron steak, and the cheeseboard, a blue cheese "flight", was probably the best I've had outside the Michelin places.Service is as you would expect, and their dining room is very swish, so I'd recommend a visit to this somewhat overlooked delight.Overall, we said "I enjoyed my visit to One Square. There's a lot to like about the menu, and I was impressed with my dishes. I'd recommend One Square as a place to visit, as there is undoubted quality on offer, in very stylish surroundings."
4	I went here last week on a voucher deal which I had purchased last year. The deal was for a 3 course meal for 2 people including aperitif and canapes on arrival. And a bottle of wine as well plus coffee / tea to finish.Before dinner, we had drinks in the bar and I was very impressed with the service. It is table service and peanuts and almonds were provded as nibbles, which was a nice touch.On to dinner. The 3 course meal was from a 'daily specials' menu so some of these items might not be on the regular menu. I had a leek tart to start with and it was absolutely delicious, topped with lambs lettuce. My main course was salmon fillet, served with crushed potatoes and green beans. The fish was cooked perfectly - crispy skin and flaky fish with a delicious sauce (hollandaise?) to go with it. Needless to say I cleared my plate with gusto.At this point, I was quite full and would have passed the dessert but since it was included I chose the ice cream sundae which was prestented with  some sort of a crispy cookie which was delicious. Coffee and frangelico to finish with.I will definitely return. They have a very nice a la carte menu with lots of options to choose from and the bar is fab.
1	I wonder if poor service goes with "hotel guest" and/or "American". I have been waiting close to 30 minutes now for a soup to go and my check. The beginning of my meal was perfectly average- mediocre food and service. It's the after meal wait I am stunned by. With 4 other tables, it is far from busy. Side note- as I'm reviewing my soup came- in a bowl for here as they "don't do to go". Well worth the wait
