1	Yea ok I came in with high expectations other than burnt rice and hot pot of curry. Mmmm and Kim Chee....So it made me poo....Yea I got sick. After 1 bottle of immodium. A roll of tums, and 2 things of pepto. I stopped impersonating a straw for five days. Ask my boss...It was rough...Sick and dehydrated.....There were some good things on the menu. But seriously the kim chee really did look old. It was like they got the water from Korea. I'll stick Korean Barbeques from now on.
2	In the Bay Area, I noticed a surge of Korean Tofu restaurants popping up.  And those that had been around for awhile, it appeared that they were getting a new surge of customers.  I was damn curious to see what the hype was all about and with a restaurant named "Tofu Hut", I figure it would satisfy my curiosity.  We actually passed another Korean restaurant first, a new one complete with the "Grand Opening" sign up.  I figure we'd try out "Tofu Hut" since it had been in Vegas for awhile and has lasted.  Usually, it's a sign that the business must be doing alright, right?  Wrong.So, my first mistake was assuming that because it had been in Vegas for awhile, it would be decent.  The second mistake I made was not checking Yelp first to see if anyone had anything about this restaurant.  If I had done this first, I would have seen TWO 1 star reviews with no other good reviews to counteract the two.  If I had done this research first, you would not have seen me eating here.Walking in for an early Sunday evening dinner, our party of four chose the cooking table with the plan to cook some serious meat.  Instead, we ordered the Kimchee Beef Tofu Soup ($8.36), two orders of Short Ribs BBQ ($12.59 each), and a Kimchee Pot Stew ($8.95).  If you do want to do the table barbecue, it's a minimum two orders to do that.They brought out a side salad for each person to start and then five banchan (side dishes) to share.  And yes, I said five.  I thought this was a joke - April Fools' Day, haha kind of joke.  No.  I know at some Korean restaurants they give out more banchan to the Koreans, so we even asked for more and they said that's all they had. I thought we were being gypped and looked over at the neighboring table of six Koreans to see if they got more than we did.  No, they did not.  Tofu Hut only gives out five banchan!  Blah!  They were this coleslaw concoction that I have never seen before, cabbage kimchee, fishcake, bean sprouts, and cucumbers.  I'm used to getting 5-10 banchans, you can imagine my shock and disappointment!When the tofu soup and pot stew arrived, the waitress asked if she wanted her to crack a fresh egg in there.  Sure!  As she passed over my hot tofu soup, she knocked over the BF's water glass.  No big deal, she apologized and cleaned it up.  (I was just glad she didn't drop the hot soup too!)  I had my tofu "spicy" and it was more mild.  There wasn't much taste going on here and I was less than impressed.  I did like the hot stone burnt rice that comes out with my tofu soup though.  My friend's pot stew was more soup-like than she cared for as well.  The only thing really good was the Short Ribs.  We ended up ordering another plate because it was pretty good.  Everything else fell below par.  To close out our meal, the check came.  We asked if they had shikhye, which is a this cold beverage that is usually served at the end of the meal.  It's refreshing after a greasy meal and I'm used to getting this automatically after our meal concludes at Korean restaurants.  They told us they did not have this.  Oh my goodness.  Five banchans and no shikhye?!  Final bill: $70 including tip and tax.This restaurant is sparse.  Lots of Koreans eating here, but perhaps I just have higher expectations and Tofu Hut doesn't cut it.
2	The food used to be pretty descent here.  However, quality declined, and prices got higher.  Service is always friendly when I go there.  There isn't much banchan (side dishes), and I probably wouldn't get anything other than SoonTofu soups.  Still, for a place that's supposed to specialize in  Tofu Soup, it isn't as great as it should be.  There are plenty of better places to go.
1	As a vegetarian, I have to tell you that I was pretty excited to see a place called "Tofu Hut" -- open 24 hours a day, even!When I finally made my way over there with a fellow vegetarian (the only person who could possibly be as excited as I was about a restaurant called "Tofu Hut"), I have to say we VERY disappointed.As far as I could tell, there were only two tofu dishes on the entire menu.  And they both had meat in them, too.  This was apparently more of a Korean BBQ place than a vegetarian haven.Not only was its name misleading, I found the inside to be very unclean... When I ate there the first time, I didn't touch my food.  Needless to say, I wouldn't eat there again.  Ever.
1	Yes, one would think that a place called Tofu Hut would know something about tofu, but they don't.  They have, listed under their specialties, "Stir Fried Kimchi with Tofu", and the waiter acted like he'd never seen this on the menu before.  The end result was that I got kimchi stir fried with spicy sauce, and some scallions (which was actually tasty, but not very exciting) surrounded by uncooked, un-marinated tofu slabs.  Not the right way to prepare tofu.  There wasn't even any extra sauce in the stir fry to put on the tofu.  I can't speak for their meat dishes, but my dinner companion didn't seem impressed.
5	I gave this place 5 stars because of their constant improvement against all the new Korean BBQ restaurants opening in Vegas. When this place first started, the menu was based very consistently around tofu dishes but now, they are more on the BBQ edge.I went there about 1 week ago and the galbi was marinated nicely, the taegi bulgogi was very fresh, good portions, and 10 dishes of panchan, very fresh lettuce, and the service was incredible. It was very reasonably priced as well. I'm definitely coming back as always.
4	I'm not sure what all the negative reviews are about.  My crew and I stormed in here and carried out and loved every bite of our food.  It was spicy, hearty and decently priced.  Just what we needed to tie us over in our alcohol drenched evening.I guess the name is a bit of a misnomer.  I don't really think you're supposed to come here and enjoy their "tofu mastery" (isn't there another "tofu" place right across the street?).  From what was relayed to me by a local, this is the place to come for Korean "street" food like ddukbokki (spicy rice cakes) and odeng (fish cake soup).This place loves jalapenos like Ricky loves Lucy.  We found traces of it on the ddukbokki, the marinated pork and the chicken wings.  We even expected to find some in the fish cake soup but no such luck.  No one is perfect, after all.+1 for being relatively close to the strip.The crew and I will definitely mark this for another go the next time we're in town.
3	Wow, such bad reviews for this place?  I ate here a few times with my gf and everything seemed fine.  Their tap water was actually palatable considering it's Vegas.  They must filter it or something.  I guess I won't be back if those health violations posted by BK are true.
3	Tofu Hut is a cute little free-standing Korean place. I come here once in a while for a hefty late night snack. They have yakiniku and lots of topu soups. We just went last night for some topu soup. They had a little poster on the wall advertising free karaoke from 11p to 4a above a little karaoke system and monitor. I ordered the sashimi bibimbap ($10) from the poster next to. I like ordering things off the wall apparently. I think I got that from Ichiza. The server dropped all of the banchan, nothing special, but there was seven or eight different shallow banchan. My entree came with a topu soup, the Korean version of miso. The server said my sashimi was "a white fish, yellowtail." They drop this huge bowl of salad greens, daikon, and sashimi. You're supposed to dump some rice in and this spicy, sweet, vinegary sauce and mix it all up. I've never had bibimbap because I don't eat meat too often. It was pretty good. Only the sashimi was still frozen. Meh. It was enough to fill me up PLUS take leftovers home. Leftovers is my best friend. When you're ready for the bill, you have to body check the waitress to get some attention. But aren't all Korean/ Chinese/ Viet restaurants like that? No? Dust? Anyone? I don't know. I like Tofu Hut. Their prices aren't great, but the portions are huge. And they have soju. And soju puts me to bed with visions of sugar plums ... * off the strip, non-casino
4	If you want to get reasonably priced tasty Korean food this is the place for you. I don't understand all the negative reviews about this place. Many Koreans actually come to eat here, which should be a good sign. And yes, they may give you only 5 banchans plus a salad to start but their banchan is tasty. We usually get the Tofu soup and Galbi and it is delicious. Just don't order the Mul Naeng Myun. You will be disappointed.
4	7 of us stopped here for lunch today after our hike. 4 of us ordered bolgoki and the other 3 got variations of tofu soup.  We all enjoyed our meals.  It was quite filling and quite good.  There were 9 banchans today.  I was a bit disappointed that their spicy was less spicy than I expected.  Next time, I'll have to order the very spicy version for my tofu soup.Service was good.  It is a small place that I have driven by many times.  The restaurant was very clean.  I will be back, and the other 6 feel the same way.
4	Went here last night with my BF despite the bad reviews that were posted over two years ago... and I must say it was a lot better than I expected.  First, we sat down and the waitress served us two bowls of salad, I'm not sure if the salad dressing is store bought or homemade, but it was pretty tasty and the salad was fresh and crisp. Then came the side dishes/appetizers and we got quite a few, 9 dishes. most were really yummy except for the potato salad (?) it looked like a scoop of ice cream, ha. Finally our main dishes came, Kimchi Beef Tofu + Bulgogi and the BF and I really enjoyed it, it was perfect for the chilly weather outside. The tofu soup was flavorful and they didn't skimp on the beef, unlike other places. The bulgogi was really well marinated and yummy too. Also, the prices are very reasonable. $30.00 for two tofu soups + bulgogi + side dishes and drinks. We will definitely be coming back.
4	This place is pretty good, a pretty good value of what you get from a joint off of the strip. Since it is called "tofu hut" please note that their specialties is just that. Tofu! Specifically the Korean, "Soon Tofu" dishes. Keeping that in mind, I went ahead and ordered the "kim chee and beef" soon tofu. The dish itself was not too bad, I think it may have needed a little more salt, but then again the decent ban chan took care of that. I would go back to try some of their other dishes. Like other Vegas spots, they are open late! Good Eats.
3	Went here with a friend after the library closed to grab a bite to eat. It was a Monday night i believe.Walk through the door and you're just hit by this sesame seed oil aroma that just says 'welcome to a Korean place' . That was nice. The first thing that shocked me is they ran out of Korean beers, no Hite or OB left because of the lunar new year. Then again the place was empty so they must not have restocked since the previous night.I ordered a kimchi and tofu stew and several times asked for extra vegetables to be added in. extra vegetables weren't added in... overall the stew hit the spot and my friend's spicy chicken was to her tasting and then some.I did enjoy the food and service here but a few reasons will keep me from coming back:1) Price - To be honest i'm cheap, money shouldn't be thrown around epically in this piss poor economy we're in. This place has very little of anything other then soups under the ten dollar range2) Variety - I expected to see more tofu centered dishes instead of seeing a large section dedicated to taking advantage of the table grills for Korean BBQ, instead of 'Tofu Hut' call it 'BBQ Hut'3) Ignored my request to add extra vegetables - It's not like i'm ordering a cut of premium meat with a side of extra premium meat, sometimes you just want more then tofu and kim chi like say...other greens. Hell i don't care if they charge me extra for it i would have paid a little extra just to enjoy the vegetable enhanced soup.
3	Yep, 'nother vegetarian duped into thinking there would be more veggie options. I ordered one of two non-meat soups, the mushroom one, and it was very good, though.  Wish they would have explained what was what when they brought the extras, as I ended up eating some fishcake thinking it was seitan (silly me for thinking they'd bring us vegetarian stuff after telling them we were vegetarian). Other than that, I barely felt disdain from the service staff.I got a laugh that they have a Spice level lower than mild (it's called "white" - hah!). Kudos for telling it like it is. I had the mild and probably could have had the medium without worry ( I is not good with spice). One of our party got "Spicy" and he said it wasn't. Unlike other yelpers, none of us had a bad return once we got home. :)
3	Look-I grew up in Seoul- Soon-dubu....aka Spicy Tofu soup is like burgers to me. I eat it weekly or else i am convinced i get a cold!SO-i just moved TO Las Vegas 3 weeks ago and was on the hunt for a korean restaurant, that WAS NOT run by japanese, and did have at least 4 side dishes included........Found it!!I ordered the Veg. Tofu Soup Extra Spicy for a damn cheap $8.00 While, i do agree that the tofu may have been overcooked, i was so thrilled that they had radish kimchi and beansprout kongnamul i forgave them this miss-hap. Bottom line is everyone likes their tofu soup the way their mom or their grandma made it Tofu Hut it pretty damn close and thier pan-chon rock!!Go and try it!
4	$12 for All You Can Eat Korean BBQ from 11pm-5am. What more can i say, what more can you ask for?! Great service even at 4am in the morning when I went, the sides were fresh and the meats were tasty. -1 star for no Galbee, but at this price, who can complain?!
4	I love their soups espcially the beef, and for $8.00 with a lot of sides that comes with it you can't beat it....I go at least 1 a month.
3	I come here strictly for the Tofu Soup. Its bbq is decent and its bibimbap is pretty good (not rocket science) , but if I'm headed to Tofu Hut, I am getting Tofu Soup.Service isn't stellar, but it is what it is.  On a good note, they usually offer quite an array of side dishes. You just have to be assertive if you want more.....of anything really.
4	ALL YOU CAN EAT KOREAN BBQ. yum!The cheapest all you can eat korean bbq that I've been too (13.99) and preeeeetty good. Although they did raise the price (use to be 11.99) Starts after 11 PM so its perfect for a late night snack. They let you pick from a variety of meat (except for kalbi that cost 16.99) and they give plenty of side dishes. I looooooove coming here.. pork belly and brisket... mmmmmmmm...
2	I think I went there at the wrong time.  They didn't take our order until 15 minutes later when we asked for it, the lady who served us seemed so nervous and careless.  She didn't know where to sit us, she dropped a cup of water and put the rolling trash can right in front on my face.  She might be a hostess and forced to wait because they seemed very busy even though there were not that many people in the restaurant.  Side orders were good but the bulgogi and galbi were not that great.  Price is good though, cheap.
5	This place is great.  I have a group of friends, several of whom are Korean-born and raised in Korea.  They do frequent this place, and I love it, especially when I have a cold, etc.  I will say this is NOT 'typical' Americanized Asian food.  It's KOREAN food.  Service is very good, and I think prices are quite fair.  They do serve a lot of "extras" with their food.  I will say that I am sort of a foodie and am picky, but their food is GREAT.  I definitely recommend this.  Oh-lived in LV for 5 years.  I recommend one of their "hot pots".  You'll get out of there for 10 or less per person.
3	All you can eat for $16.99 including bean soup and steamed egg, good bargain for Las Vegas. Place is kinda dirty, and service is poor depending on who is waitering. Like many asian places, this place also recycles food, so if you have untouched side dishes, rest assure, it won't be wasted here, it willbe served to someone else!
4	Since they now have an all you can eat BBQ  option, 4 stars. With tax and tip ----you don't have to tip well, service consistently blows-- about $20. Worrtthhh it. Just have to be a bit proactive with everything...Just reiterating, with Asian food, my ratings are weighted far more heavily by food than service. And what's not to love about unlimited grilled meat?
2	Came here for late night munchies and ordered some Japchae.  Not only was the food overpriced (more than $10 for asian food!) but my vegetarian Japchae was excessively oily and gross.  I tasted my friend's tofu soup and it wasn't that great either.There is probably much better Korean food elsewhere in the Vegas area.  Next time, I'll pass.
2	I wanted to take a friend of mine to experience some Korean BBQ (my fav!) We just got out of a show and my first choice for AYCE was closed so of course I pulled out my phone with my yelp app. The meat that they pulled out was not very fresh the calamari looked just plain weird and the meat was so fatty that when it finished cooking it was like bacon. The waiter took FOREVER to bring the check. Only reason they got a second star is because they were open late. Only reason I would go back is after a really late night with nothing open and I need a fix of Korean food.
4	When I want a delicious, fulfilling and cheap meal, I alway come here. The only thing I always get is the seafood tofu soup. It cost 8.95 for hearty portion along with 7-8 other side dishes. They even refill it when you're done with one of the dish. Now do I call that a deal or what? :)
5	I love this place . Open 24 hours a day and all you can eat ! mmm
5	I am a frequent customer of this place.  My favorite dish is one of the free complementary dishes; chapchae or however you spell it.  The tofu bowl size is a bit small bit but still fills me up.The spicy BBQ chicken is my other favorite, a bit sweet but so good..The price tag is about $10+ per person, or you can order a lunch combo and share with a friend for $14.The service can be good, depends on who your waitress or waiter is.Overall, I give it two thumbs up.
4	Stopped by an old favorite last night: Tofu Hut on Spring Mountain (just east of Harbor Palace on other side). I was craving for some hot tofy soup with seafood, but noticed a huge sign in the window advertising their all you can eat bbq for $16.99. The wife and I had to have it! We'd been craving for korean bbq, but never got around to it. Well, we were impressed! The amount of food provided was great. We like to share and we ordered half portions of about everything: bulgogi (deliciously marinated), marinated pork belly (like bacon but better), beef tongue (tin slices of beef carpacio), squid (bit too chewy for me), rib eye and short ribs. All this came with rice, a huge bowl of a very tasty salad en the usual assortment of kimchee and other interesting stuff. It all tasted great and goes well with a big bottle of Hite beer. Why does korean bbq go so well with beer? Forgot to mention they also offer steamed egg and tofu soup (one serving only).And my check came to $44 for both! Areyou kidding me, this is the best value in town. Love this place. Ate soo muich meat, I am now awake at 3am... need to eat more meat more regurarly and get used to it again...
3	This place's best deal would have to be their all you can eat buffet. They have one for dinner after 11 pm, and one for lunch. $16.99 or $13.99 is way cheaper price than some other korean places. I wouldn't recommend the squid because it came as a whole piece and not flavored. You should get the beef flank or marinated beef - those are pretty good. comes with salad bowl. I got the seafood beef tofu soup - not that great. I had it extra-spciy. Basically mean they add more red pepper, but not spicy. And the soup had like clam shell pieces, so I get this random "crunch" sound when I bite. Their appetizers are probably one of the best, if not the best I have in vegas. seaweed, fish/tofu strip, soybean sprouts, kimchi, cucumber, onion pancake (best), clear noodle.
4	$17 all day for all you can eat Korean BBQ. What a great price. The menu has about 10 items on it, typical Korean fare - except for the amazing rib eye. It is absolutely utterly a work of art. It's rare to get a meat that is so tender and soft it just melts in your mouth. The marinades and sweet tangy flavors will tickle your tastebuds. I am positive I could have ordered 3 or 4 plates of this and a half cup of rice and been in food heaven.As for the rest:korean appetizers - very good peanut salt & pepper dip and fish cakesrib eye - a bit dry, like pho well done flank, nothing specialsteamed egg - a fluffy egg similar to that in soups except in one piece. it works really well with meat and rice, I recommend itmarinated short ribs - very good, but if you've had korean bbq you've had it 200 timesmarinated pork belly - fatty and a korean bacon clone, tasty but too much fatboneless chicken breast - took forever to cook and was pretty bland, nothing special hereThis place is open til 5am for the drunks in Vegas and has a special cheaper price after 11pm I believe.Definitely worth coming to again for the rib eye.
3	Korean BBQ... yum yum yum I visited this place for lunch today expecting to be sleepy from food coma afterwards. It let me down....Service: it was OK Quality: could be a lot better -Sliced ribeye: good flavor but didnt tatse like ribeye -Brisket: cut too thick so still a little chewy at times and didn't look that fresh. -Marinated pork belly: dont try it... -Short Ribs: way too much fat in the cuts, not trimmed properly, the chewy lining was not taken off. -steamed egg: that was the only thing I think was really good. Once is enough, rather just wait till I visit LA to scratch the Korean BBQ itch next time.
4	Hello Tofu Hut, it was so nice to meet you! Checked out this place and became a fan because hello all you can eat Korean BBQ. Heck yes! Tried it out and became it was love at first bite!My bf, coworker and I ate here and whoa we were satisfied after. So we got the all you can eat BBQ which was $16.99 per person for dinner. They do have lunch too for only $14.99! There were about 10 different meats that you can choose from. We ordered sliced ribeye, beef tongue (totally not a fan of it), brisket (oh so tasty), and tripe (it was weird). We totally killed it! The service was okay, kind of forgot our rice until we mentioned it again but then again 3 people working on a Friday night umm yea that should explain it. But they checked up on us a few times so yay! If your not an all you can eat person and don't like to cook your own meat then they do offer another menu, but it is totally worth doing the all you can eat.
4	There are plenty of choices to be had in this part of LV for good Korean food. Back when I lived here (pre-2009), TH was a regular lunch spot for a bunch of co-workers. Somehow, we managed to make the drive under the Desert Inn underpass from the east side....but it was so worth it - even with that blazing summer sun. In the winter, it was a real treat where you could come here after a long hike in the mountains or Red Rock to enjoy a nice warm bowl of their spicy tofu soup (sundubu). They have a limited bottled beer selection (i.e., Hite and the standard Bud, Miller types, etc), but it's there and makes a tasty compliment for your post outdoor excursions... ;-)Ambience is bare bones. You might even miss this place b/c it's right across from the main drag of LV's "Chinatown" and right next to a tire store and just before Play It Again Sam. However, this place has been here for awhile and locals know it. Occasionally you might even see the owner from Ichiza's eating here as we did one time.They have a setup for BBQ (grill, hood, etc) at select tables, but I never tried their other menu items, b/c...well, it just seemed like their specialty was the sundubu. And for that, I've never been disappointed. You basically have your pick of whatever you could possibly imagine to put into that piping hot stone bowl - vegetables, seafood, mushroom, beef, etc. They have it all - even for the vegetarians. They don't skimp on the pickled dishes either - we've gotten refills when asked and they always seem to give us something on the order of 6 choices. The soup comes out with a nice raw egg which is the way I prefer it. I'm not sure, but depending on the time you go, I've had my meal end with the nice cool barley tea. it's a bit inconsistent tho...so I'm not sure.Either way, good quick service, an affordable lunch price (all under $10 per person for the sundubu) and great consistent food quality makes this an easy 4 star review. If you're feeling adventurous after your hot meal, head over to Play It Again Sam for a true "local" experience. :-P
4	Ok so I did have a bad experience at Tofu Hut. But through coaxing with one of my Korean rock star friends I decided to give it another chance. This time for a little something feastllike. Yes All you can eat bbq. Well first off at the price of 13.99 - uhm economically hit wallet was economically happy. It was one of those late night things. But I  had the brisket, tongue and pork belly. those made me really happy. The salad was pretty tasty too. I especially liked a giant bowl of salad with crushed red peppers and onions. All the little side thingies were definitely not disappointed. I guess I didnt like the marinated ribeye so much, It was a little too sweet for me. Just give me the meat with no seasoning so I can dip it in my concoction of sesame oil, salt and pepper and symphonize a ballet in my mouth. Plie, plie.....now arabesque along with the lettuce......
4	Yes, they had their tv turned to some show on surgery that had blood and guts everywhere, but I thought it was pretty funny. I really liked this place a lot and having 14.99 ayce kbbq was a definite plus. The salad was delicious, we had about 4 or 5 refills on it. The meat was tasty, especially the rib eye. The sides went together perfectly. We hardly had to ask for refills cuz they were totally on it. They even gave us our own water pitcher so we'd never run out. I liked that this place wasn't so packed when we went. There were just a couple groups of very wasted people that made for fun entertainment.I definitely want to come back here. Next time I know not to sit in the direction of all smoke though!
2	So I didn't try the pork belly which is what I hear is the bomb... so i guess that's why i'm not the biggest fan.  we did try the all you can eat which pricing wise.. is great. we ordered the short ribs, chicken, and rib-eye..they start you off with a bowl of salad which was very good..  [i actually make the salad at home everyday!]  then they bring out little dishes that included kim chee [i've had better.. wasn't the best kim chee i've had...] pickled radishes, cucumbers... and my favorite side dish:  tofu!  the short ribs.. i've definitely had better... and have MADE better as far as marinade.  it's not even short ribs but beef cuts.  the spicy chicken i kinda liked.. [a little bit]  but it was a little dry and not  juicy at all.  i did like the sliced rib-eye which is on the salty sweet side.  other than that... i've had better all you can eat korean bbq, but the price was good.  as far as service.. there's like 1 guy waiting on the entire restaurant., [which isn't that big... but still..]  i don't know how it is on other days since this was my first time here.. but he was friendly and accommodating.  i had no issues with dude.. but he definitely needed some help that day.  next time i'm coming with the friends that recommended the place.  i guess i ordered wrong!  but.... eh, as far as coming back because i want to come back.. i'll pass.
2	Remind me why I revisited this place again after many years?Oh yeah! It must be so that I can briefly say, "Meh. I've experienced better"
3	Their tofu soups are 5 stars, I either order the seafood or seafood beef.Everything else is very average, and their kalbi (Korean BBQ beef short ribs) is yuck.  Almost seems like it's going bad.Go for the tofu soup and you're A-OK but anything else, your call.
2	The Kalbi was very good, but nothing else really stood out for us. The place is small, and nothing very special on the inside.  I would prefer to head across the street to DJK, or down the street to Mother's or Sura myself.
3	I've been coming here at least 6 times a month and I finally decided to write a review.  What can i say about this place.  They have all you can eat Korean B.B.Q....  Their menu is small but the all you can eat has it's advantages.  The service is good as long as they are not busy as they do in the weekends.  They are open till 5am, at least that's what they advertise.  I usually go there by myself and they have been very accomidating of my needs and I am greatful.  However when they get very busy they do not let any party less than 2 people come and eat which was a turn off for me.  Since i have been going there for years now.  and the last time they would not serve me.  oh! well...  that's the only reason they get only 3 stars from me.. otherwise they would have gotten 5 stars.  I can understand that's their business but the way they just brushed me off is unexcusable in my book.
3	Come here with an empty stomach because seriously.... you're going to need all that room for all that damn protein! Oh, and make sure to wear a shirt that you don't mind getting scented on with "pork" and various other meaty aromas.AYCE Korean BBQ. You know the drill, they bring out plates of raw meat and you cook it at your very own grill. Get the thin cut meats, they cook much faster! The salad was pretty good and I helped myself to many seconds. The service was mediocre. They seemed to be a bit short on the wait staff so we practically had to jump up and down to get more meat! Overall, a nice experience.
4	(gonna say this yet again) LA has definitely set my par for kbbq. tofu hut is one of those places i like to go when im reeeeeeeeeally craving it. i like this place more that sura because the meat is sliced to order. service isnt the best, but it'll do. as mentioned in some reviews, they seem to be short handed. although, we had one of the male servers wait on our group table of about 8 of us, and we have excellent service! this was probably my first kbbq spot (actually, my 2nd. the 1st one i didnt like at all! must find out the name of that place!) in vegas. i asked them if they served rice paper, which to me, is essential for kbbq. it gives you that rice taste but doesnt fill you up as much. apparently, "its an LA thing"? but anyway, that definitely made me change the way i eat kbbq out here. meat, salad and sides!they've very good about the sides you get, as well as when i request bean paste and garlic (two other necessities when i eat kbbq). although it doesnt compare to my new favorite spot in LA, o dae san, it definitely fills that kbbq void that i get every once in awhile. definitely not expensive at all. normally order pork belly and ribeye (wasnt a fan of the marinated one). they do have other meats which i am just not a fan of in general. thank you, tofu hut, for filling my kbbq void in LV!
2	Service here is horrible!  They always seem to forget that were there. And there's always an Asian guy here who gives attitude as he's serving us.  Maybe because we always get all you can eat KBBQ and we can eat like bottomless pits.As me and my friends quickly eat the first serving of brisket, we ask for another, we notice something different, turns out they gave us beef tongue instead.
1	surly attitude, inept service of decent food, but all is spoiled by the incompetence of staff. our second order of hot saki came out as something totally different from initial serving, turned out to be sweet saki which would gag a maggot. no checking back during meal, which would have been nice, since rice was forgotten! final straw was when bill was obviously wrong, as individual items did not add to total. excuse was that a service charge had been added - without notice of any kind, of course. an ultimate rip-off joint! avoid like the plague as there are so many other venues in the area which appreciate their customers and are gracious.
3	I like this restaurant.  The Spicy Tofu soup is amazing, I haven't been able to find better in town. I always go for lunch as I think it is a little pricey, and the service isnt the best.
1	Service is meh-- the server was zoned out, grumpy, and unprofessional.The kimchi and radish side dish are MEH.I liked their side dish of jap chae (clear noodles marinated in soy sauce and oil) tho.I ordered dumpling soft tofu soup (medium spice).It was okay, not the best I had.The rice is cooked in a stone bowl, scooped out in a stainless steel bowl and served. water is poured into the stone bowl (some remains of the flaked rice is left) and is served.It appeared BROWN... like diarrheathe rice was okay but not spectacular.As for the stone bowl,DON'T even taste the contents. It left a bad burnt taste on my tongue.Gross.Totally ruined my meal.
4	This place is really good, they're open very late.. the BBQ is excellent.if you go late, it get's cheaper..my wife always orders this tofu soup thing, not my favorite but she seems to love it..
3	Ahh.. Tofu Hut. This place most often comes to mind when finished drinking and partying on the strip, mainly XS, Tryst or Surrender nightclub, since it's right down the street. That being said, my most recent visits here have only been during these late night hours (open until 3am), so my review is based among these parameters. With a name like Tofu Hut, you would imagine that this place would be a vegetarians' Shangri-la. Well, it used to be when it first opened about 5 or 6 years ago, serving mainly piping hot, Korean spicy tofu dishes. It seems now as their main focus has shifted towards catering towards the AYCE crowd, as 9 out of 10 times, diners are grilling meat on the table. This doesn't bother me much, as I'm an avid carnivore, but I understand how it can bother some. The AYCE pricing during it's special hours is set at about $13.99 per person, but excludes certain items such as Kalbi and certain side dishes, which are available at an increased $16.99. The banchan (side dishes), are of your average bunch and are of average quality. The meats are also of average quality. My only gripe of this place is their kimchi is of the "just-made" type, as I prefer my kimchi aged and sour. They do still serve their full-menu at night, and the spicy tofu soups never fail, neither does the charred rice bowl at the end (Noo-roong-jee).The service can be hit or miss sometimes, depending on when you go. Usually, if you're there after midnight, there is only one server working, so if there are several tables being serviced, it is a tad frustrating to wave them down if you're in need of something. Regardless, Tofu Hut is a good place to go if you're in the mood for some tofu soups, crave Korean at wee hours in the morning, or if you want to fill-up on Korean BBQ for a very reasonable price.
4	I've been eating too much lately. Way too much. So what do I do when I get a text invite to do Tofu Hut AYCE at 11:30pm?It was my first time there. I really didn't know about it. At $13.99, this place kills the $26 table-grilled item I ordered at Pho So 1 just a few nights ago. (Then again, you're probably supposed to share that one). For $13.99, you get to choose from everything but the last two items (short ribs and steamed egg); those are available at the $16.99 AYCE price, but we were happy with sticking to $13.99.We started with Sliced Ribeye, Brisket, and Beef Tongue. The ribeye was the most flavorful, but I have a soft spot for beef tongue, nay, I freakin' heart beef tongue! The brisket was OK. We liked the ribeye so much, we ordered another plate. I also added Tripe Honeycomb to the mix. I love tripe too. It had a nice spice to it and charring it on the grill added nice flavor.On our final round, we went with the Squid and Marinated Pork Belly. The squid was OK, but not a lot of flavor. The pork belly had good spice and went well with the steamed rice I had left (I wasn't eating much of it up to this point). Speaking of steamed rice, they bring out a plethora of side dishes to go with the meats - Kimchi, Pickled Cucumber, Pickled Radish, and other stuff I can't name. Everything that hit the table was delicious.Oh yeah. My friend wanted to order OB, but they were out, so we settled for Hite. Not a bad beer, but nothing memorable.Overall, I have to give them four stars. Granted, it was my first time at any place that does that style of AYCE, but I fully enjoyed it. It was a fun time with some photographer friends that I hadn't seen in a while. Jason put it best when he said, "I don't know if I needed the giant meat fest, but I sure enjoyed it." That's what she said?One last thing: your clothes will definitely smell like food when you leave!
2	*sigh*I really don't like the service here.  I've been here twice and both times were horrible.  They usually take a long time, and you can just feel the unfriendliness.  The food is ok.  They gave our brisket frozen once.  And one time, they gave the wrong meat.  We ate it anyway though.  Usually, I'll give a place slack for having good food.  This time, the food didn't make up for the service.  it was just ok to me.If you're looking for a good AYCE KBBQ place, I suggest WooChe.  I'll only come back here if I'm having a late night craving.  They open late and the price is pretty good after 11.  Other than those reasons, I'd rather go elsewhere.  Lol.. ^_^
4	Thought I wouldn't like this place. But it turns out I did. Didn't opt for the all you can eat since my date and I wasn't that hungry. Next time I got to try the all you can eat!
4	It seems to me, that I always run into bad service in Chinatown.  Is it the culture, or are they not happy to be there?  I really, really, really LOVE this place, but the one thing that kills me is the service.  A group of our friends sat down and waited for the waitress to come take our order.  I kept looking at her to come over, but she would always brush it off and go back to whatever she was doing.  It was until she finally decided to refill the other people's table with water, did I get her attention.  Things to order:- Beef Tongue - on a good day, you can get the really thin big ones. Fry it to medium, and it's nice and soft.  MMmm, dip it with the oil they offer you.  It intensifies the flavor!- Pork belly - I don't know what it is, maybe it's the oil that gives it more flavor but I can't help but keep eating it!- Beef bugolgi - MMmm....on a good day, you could get it really marinated. Mmmm! and boy it is good!- Steamed Egg - I don't know what this does, but it goes great when you eat it with the beef tongue.  The flavors just ooze out like crazy!- Salad - Ohhhhhhh man, I don't know what's in this salad but it's soooo addicting! It's like sweet, salty, and crunchy! My kind of mix!They used to offer yogurt at the end of the meal, but they don't anymore.  If you're coming here, do all you can eat.  It's not worth it if you don't.
3	I've been here several times. Even when the service may not be the best.. I don't know why we keep coming here. Maybe it's cus they're open really late or I should say early in the morning for that quick fix of KBQQ. They have the option of AYCE or their regular menu. I've never tried their regular menu, cus we always come here for the AYCE.They have like serveral types of meat to choose from. Such as; bulgogie, pork belly, marinated chicken, beef.. They even have steamed egg which was different for me. To me, the best thing here.. actually two.. I'd say is the salad and their awesome coffee machine.It might be hard to find at first but just look for the building with a green roof. The parking is decent. And we've come here with huge groups since they have a few huge tables to seat us all.I've been here recently and I think the service might be getting better. BUT that was at 1AM so, I'm not sure about the day time.
4	My GOAL here, is to have you start drooling all-the-way to the front door entrance to this Korean BBQ joint.  You'll be crazy not to just go for it all & do the all-you-can-eat menu!All-you-can-eat @ $13.99 11pm-5am & $16.99 10am-11pmThis place is located near China Town on Spring Mountain. From the outside it looked dull and unattractive for customers just to walk in for the first time. So this place seems like it's making it by word of mouth (yelp!)Hmm.., sit down, get your glass of water, order the type of meats you want to cook on the built-in grill on counter top table, then....-Get a bowl of some bomb *** Asian salad (simply just shredded lettuce and flavorful Asian infused dressing)-Kimchee (just for kicks)-Olive oil w/salt & pepper dipping sauce (fancy huh?)-Pickled radish mini slices of cucumbers "daikon" (sweet taste)-Fish bread roti like mini pieces (I don't think it was fish bread, but that's what I remember hearing)-Ask for peanut sauce & special hot sauce they can provide... (we asked the server what the peanut sauce was called, & she just handed it to us, smiled, & nod her head yes, lol)For 4 people, we ordered:1 plate of brisket thin slices, 1 plate of ribeye thick slices, 2 slices of thick cut bacon (belly fat), & 1 plate of short ribs, (we order a bit more after thehehe)I also recommend the steam eggs, just cause you can mix it up w/ your bowl of rice like the taste of fried rice ;DNow that's a mouth full!!!On the other hand, service needs to improve please... Otherwise I would have given this place a 5 star rating...
4	This small, informal restaurant specializes in Korean barbecue where you cook your own food over a grill.  We chose the shrimp; 24 butterflied shrimp, a bountiful fresh salad with an Asian dressing, unlimited rice and 8-9 banchans (small dishes).  Here is what I believe we consumed:  kimchi, Oi Sobaki (seasoned cucumber), Kongnamul (bean sprouts), Kuromame (Japanese black beans), sliced Age (fried tofu), a broad noodle dish, a second cucumber dish and a potato salad
2	Here are my gripes with Tofu Hut: -The side dishes look and taste as if they were made weeks in advance.-The meats have that brown/gooey look to them, as meats tend to do when they're old. -The customer service is lacking, although this is expected from an Asian establishment.-The restaurant is filthy, which probably indicates the cleanliness of the food you're consuming. The positives are that its well priced for a buffet and the selection of meats are diverse. You can order cow tongue if your heart so desires.Overall, I'd rather pay $5 more to eat at a nicer/cleaner/fresher spot. My friends do enjoy eating here due to the price, so I'm sure I'll be suckered into coming back, but not because I want to. Korean Garden and DJK are better options, although more expensive.
4	You got to go here for all you can eat shortribs,pork belly, tripe, marinated tri tip, rib eye.an your traditional korean sides an all the rice you can eat the speacials run from 11pm to 3am bout 14 dollers per person this place reminds me of a moms an pops joint, the staff is very friendly. The enjoyment for me is that its very exiting cooking your own meal so guys bring your grilling skills, remember its a electric grill so the heat is constant. This is one of the places i always go back to when i visit vegas...
4	Club hoppin' in Vegas can sure get you starvin' like Marvin. One of our group was a local, so she suggested we go here. If I can remember correctly, we ordered rib eye, beef tongue, squid, and pork belly. The rib eye and pork belly were my favorite. Had to help out  one of my friends by making sure everything in front of us was cooked. I nearly screamed bloody murder when they dipped a piece of raw meat into their sauce and came extremely close to eating it. That's what happens when you're low on sleep and high on alcohol. *shakes head* Our waiter checked in constantly and was nice enough to change out our grills without us asking. I wish I had the chance to try everything, but drowsiness quickly took over. Definitely a good place to hit up with a group for late night grub.
1	Because many known yelpers liked Mr. Tofu, we try to go there tonight. Sadly, it wad closed. We decided to try out Tofu Hut since we have never had their food before.  Seeing that it has 3.5 stars, I thought it should be ok. The furniture was old and raggety looking, especially the torn up cushion on the chairs, but nevertheless, I should try the food.The menu needed some wiping done since it was covered with sauce.  Ewww.Anyways, we decided on the beef seafood sundubu and a plate of kalbi.  When the older lady waitress came back to take our order, she was so impatient and short.  We wanted to understand their spicy level so we asked if the spicy level is Korean spicy, she said it's not that spicy.  So we continue to ask her at what level she would order it and she said she don't know since she doesn't eat spicy.  WTF!?!  Her ill-mannerism and major bad attitude continued and I wanted to leave right there and then but my friend wanted to try out the food at least.  Ahhhhh!!!When we paid the bill, she walked by and hurriedly grab the receipt.  I was pissed that my friend tipped her because truthfully, she did not deserve a penny for the crappy service she gave.Food was sub-par, nothing special.  I will never ever come back to this crappy place with this crappy ajumma waitress.
5	Amazing Korean BBQ as well as entrees.  The sides are always nice and are changed/different all the time.  Everything is fresh and prepared nice.  Friendly staff and the customer service is great.  They do have a "white" broth for soups which I find funny since I am not Korean.  All and all it is my FAV spot in Chinatown for Korean BBQ.
4	Had a delicious dinner with my hubby.  I had the kimchee beef tofu & my husband had the tofu bimbimbap (mixed vegetables w/ rice) & tofu soup combo, both medium spicy.   The prices are very reasonable (under $10 for each entree) &  were very satisfied with the food.  No problems with servce here, the staff brought our entrees out real fast, tofu crocks piping hot...just the way we like it.  Everything was yummy.  Love the hours, open til 4am!
4	$16.99 All you can eat korean bbq!! Beef tongue, brisket,  short ribs, pork belly, marinated chicken and pork. Dip it in your oil/salt/pepper sauce and eat it with rice....sooo good!! Don't forget to order some garlic to throw on the grill!!
3	How cool! I've never been to a place like this! I guess you could consider it lazy on their part cause you cook the food yourself but that's what I like about it! Nom Nom how fun!Transfriendly- B+ no issues
1	Eating at Tofu Hut is the most unpleasant experience I had. The server who happens to be the manager is so rude and arrogant. Asking for a fork and a dinner plate to be able to eat well was so difficult . She has no manners to run a business like this. Would never recommend a place which is not so inviting like the people who serve. They are not the only "eat all you can korean barbecue" in town. There are so many in Spring Mountain a lot better. Remember their place was already shut down for cleanliness. Stay away from it if you want a happy meal.
3	Service is lacking sometimes.  If it's busy, you can forget about them coming around as much.  The entrance and along the walls is very dingy.  Don't stare too hard, you may not want to eat your food.  They serve can sodas.  WTH? We usually get the AYCE bbq for $16.99.  The kalbi is not what it used to be.  Where's the short ribs?  They now serve it boneless, I think the short rib style is more tender.  Pork belly has a weird taste to it.  Hubby likes the chicken.  Good banchans, they used to have potato salad that was oh so good.
4	This is a pretty good place to eat at and comes with tons of food!  So make sure you come hungry!  My g/f and I love this place! Everything you cook in the grill and can order anywhere from sliced rib-eye to cow's tongue :)  The appetizer is one the of best parts as it comes in 6 little different dishes to try and comes w/ a big bowl of SALAD (which is pretty good and different) It's decently priced $16.99 during the day and $13.99 after 11 p.m.  So if your craving some korean BBQ...this is a pretty good place to start off at!  Only problem is tho is they usually only have 1 server so it's kinda slow....so be patient!
3	For the price and the amount you can eat you cant really complain. The food was decent but the service was slow. The all you can eat is pretty much what your paying for and the only reason why we go. Dont get me wrong the food was ok but you might wana check some of the utensils  as our was dirty and we had to ask for new ones. Other than that the place is decent. Parking is abundant and not a hard place to find. It sits in eye view if your driving along the main road. Didnt seem very busy when we went but it got later as we were paying.
4	At this visit we shared orders of tender beef and shrimp along with a bountiful salad and 6 banchans.  Pak, our server, was particularly informative so we learned a little more about this cuisine than during our last visit
4	LOVE veggie tofu soup. I always order the spicy ones. The price is reasonable.
4	This place was my first experience with Korean BBQ. Loved it!!My husband really wanted to eat Korean BBQ, but I was hesitant since I never had it before. After reading reviews on Yelp, he decided this was the place to try. The place is small, but it's not too busy in the early evening so waiting isn't an issue. We went at 5pm and at one point we were the only people in the restaurant. It got busy around 6pm. The food was good; loved the sliced rib eye, but my favorite out of everything was the salad!! OmGosh! The dressing is to die for, I put a little rice in the salad which made it that much more delicious. The service is sloooooooooooooowwwwwww. There are only one or two servers for the entire restaurant, but since the place is small and isn't too busy before 6pm, you should get okay service. But at busy dinner time, I'm sure it's hard to get your needs taken care of.... that's just the vibe I got from that place.  Overall experience was good and the food is delicious. I will go back!
3	all you can eat kbbq! i got a yelp guru advice to eat here. and yuummyyy. our party of 6 ordered a lot of meats!! we ordered ribeye, bris kit, chicken thigh, pork belly, tripe (i think that was all) but they give you all kinds of kim chee and rice if you ask for it and salad. the salad was zesty and tasted really good with bris kit. i'm not a fan of pork belly. but i would advise to cook the chicken first because it takes the longest to cook. service could use a little work being that we sat and waited for any contact for at least 15 minutes when there were only 3 other parties there.
5	Wanna get your late night grub on, go here!  Been going here now for almost 2 years and it's by far my favorite place.  I always end up going after work and it does get packed.  Sometimes the service can be shifty because they have such an overflow and limited staff but be patient because the food is amazing.  Marinated pork belly, korean short ribs, and some of the best salad ever!!
4	One of the locations my bf and I take our coworkers to is Tofu Hut. We come here every now and then after work for their happy house special $13.99 for AYCE korean bbq. After reading the review from channel 13 dirty dining reports, we were hesitant to go back there. But nonetheless, they got their A grade back, which means everything should be up to health code. Owning my own restaurant, keeping up to healthcode is sooo important. We reserved a table and the same guy and girl who works there is always kind to us. The meat is good and can't complain too much about the banchan cause we only go there to eat the meat & salad. Okay for $13.99, you really cant beat the price, yes their selection is limited BUT their selection contains main meats that we usually only get. Come to happy hour with your friends to share a few laughs, drink, & eat!!! well worth it!
4	service was decent and the food came out quick. my sister and i shared an order of spicy chicken and korean bbq short ribs - both were really good!  the spicy chicken wasn't that spicy but the sauce was tasty.  kinda pricey but it was a lot of food and good of course.
3	Tofu Hut is usually a place my friends and I frequent after a night of alcohol binging around town.  We usually come here for their AYCE since they're open late (4am).  We always order the rib eye, brisket, marinated pork belly and the bean paste soup (so good after all that alcohol!).  The amount of meat we consume, $13.99 is very much worth it.  Come here if you're having some late night munchies.
3	Driving through China town on a Saturday night about 11. Wasn't really hungry but saw a Fukuburger truck and pulled into the parking lot but now I wanted rice. Come on I'm in China town, I am not gonna eat a burger with all the different restaurants around. Saw this place in the same parking lot, what is this all about, a bunch of tofu dishes? ok I'll try it. They offered a pretty small selection maybe 8 Items AYCE for 13.99 (the way we went), tongue, squid, brisket, spicy chicken, 2 types of pork belly, and a few more.16.99 for short ribs or steam eggs. Include a variety of Korean sides and a kinda salty salad. I think drinks like soda and alcohol were extra because they never offered drinks and kept giving us water. The tongue was surprisingly ok, tasted like regular meat.  Spicy chicken and marinated pork belly were good but took too long to cook.  The very first item on the menu, forgot what it was sliced something, but not a good choice for grilling it was in tiny chunks like ground beef but not as packed in and kept falling into the grill openings. If u do get this cook it as one whole piece like a burger and let it burn a bit, easier to flip that way. Customer service was ok once we got going. Two other groups were there when got there, the girl told us take our seats, waited almost 15 mins before anything went on. They got our ingredients, etc quickly. In comparison to the other self cooking Korean places that I've been to, two other places, it is my #3 choice. Because its cheaper but way lesser selections and have no idea about the drinks.
4	So I know a lot of people complain about Tofu Hut's service, and especially with it being slow (which I completely agree) .. but the food here in my opinion is delicious and one of the better Korean restaurant in China Town. I've been going to Tofu Hut since before they started having their all you can eat bbq special.. and that was when I noticed the place had picked up a lot more than before. The workers here are all the same workers from the beginning, which is why I think they should really hire more so that 2 women (the normal amount of servers even at 3 AM) don't try to cater to half a side of all you can eat parties and half a side of regular dine ins. It's just too much plates to serve and demands for them to keep up. Every time I go there, I can tell the waitresses are flustered and there's not a time I don't see them run around like crazy. The all you can eat large groups is just too much for them to handle with a small staff.The food on the other hand is very good, especially their bulgogi, and tofu soups. Their kimchi beef soup is my favorite because it has the perfect blend of sour and spice. This is the one place where I think their spice levels are accurate, and if you order very spicy.. it will come out very spicy! The only thing that I noticed with their broth is that it is very deep in color (like a deep orange red). Even if you order it not spicy, the color will still be as red which I'm unsure of the cause.. Perhaps its food coloring or the oil they use... But the color almost looks artificial sometimes. (Someone needs to do research on that. I haven't died yet from eating it lol)Their bulgogi combo is my favorite. It comes with tofu soup and bulgogi. Bulgogi is their thinly sliced beef, marinated with scallions, onions and korean spices, served on a sizzling iron pan. The meat contains a perfect amount of fat to make it taste extra special when you eat it with rice. Their bulgogi is slightly on the sweeter side.. but not too sweet or salty. It almost taste like Korean kalbi ribs, with the texture of extremely thin sliced beef so it melts in your mouth.. I really think it taste wonderful and something worth trying! Lastly, their sides are also very good. They sometimes serve glass noodles and potato salad, which is my favorite.. They are the only place in town that are gracious with their side dishes and will give you a decent amount even if it is for one person.  If you ignore the service, and concentrate on the food quality, I'd definitely pick Tofu Hut any day.
3	About a year ago, there was a line out the door at Pho Kim Long across the street and I thought, "Well, why don't we try something new?  How about that Tofu Hut place across the street with the all you can eat? How bad can it be?"Thankfully, the experience wasn't bad at all and I've been back a number of times since then.  (Note: This was also my first  Korean BBQ experience.  Thank you, Tofu Hut for being open super late to offer this!)This is on the cheaper/lower end of the Korean BBQ spectrum that Spring Mountain offers, (IMO the higher end being Honey Pig, but that's another review altogether.) Their all you can eat specials really do it here with AYCE (13.99).  Tons of decent food with about 12 choices available of meat to cook, about eight side dishes, salad, a pretty rockin' tofu soup, and the whole thinly sliced meat combo.  My only complaint is that there is no AYCE for one person, you need to have at least two.  :(The staff here, as one review stated, is always flustered because they get huge groups of loud crowds that show up half drunk and the place ends up mobbed and they're unfortunately under-staffed.  The staff here is friendly and I get a kick out of the Korean programs they show on the television, which are usually karaoke or K-reality programs.  If you go at night, particularly Friday or Saturday night, this is a hot spot for after-the-club crowd around 1/2/3AM.  So if you're looking for a quiet dinner, I don't recommend it on those particular nights.My current favorite thing there is their tofu dumpling soup; spicy tofu soup with some hot dumplings simmering away in there.  Their spiciness level is pretty good, although I could do with a PINCH more for medium.  I also recommend their bibimbap in the clay bowl as that sucker stays hot for quite some time and you can take your time.
1	Food was bland and overpriced. My tofu pork soup cost $9 and had a total of 6 tiny strips of pork suspended in a cesspool of tofu slop. The bathroom was disgusting and had no paper towels. Awesome to realize this having already gone in and washed my hands only to have to open the door with my bare hands THUS DEFEATING THE POINT OF WASHING MY HANDS IN THE FIRST PLACE. The water was served in those crappy plastics cups you're accustomed to seeing in china town restaurants. Like my silverish-gray car, it's difficult to determine if these cups are dirty or not, which is ideal for restaurants that have no measure of upkeep  (and ones that have several kinds of STDs on their toilet seats). I never eat at Chinatown restaurants voluntarily and I'm always disappointed when I do.My star in this one-star review goes out to our server, who did an exceptionally good job given the mediocrity that surrounded him.
4	Needing some food to sop up the bacchanalia, I immediately thought of meat + rice comfort. The BF and I came here for the $13.99 AYCE. This is different from some of the daytime known AYCE KBBQ since it's all table service and not a buffet line. For banchan we had- fish cakes, korean pancake, bean sprouts, napa kimchee, cucumber kimchee, chap chae. They serve you a bowl of rice and a large bowl of salad. I wasn't feeling the chap chae seasoning, but the rest of the banchan was good. I liked the lightly sweet and tangy dressing on the salad which went well with all the meats. For meat choices you can get- brisket, thin sliced ribeye, pork belly, marinated pork belly, squid, tripe, tongue, chicken thigh. Also ayce bean paste soup. You can upgrade your ayce to include short rib and steamed egg for $16.99. We got the ribeye, marinated pork belly, and tongue for our meats. Ribeye had a nice marinade to it which a lot of places lack flavor. Pork belly was with a spicy marinate with onions and pretty good once you let the fat get crispy since they slice it very thin. Tongue is always my favorite- cooks fast and great with salad. Since they plate the meat for you, they sometimes serve a bit more than I want of one of the meats so if you want to taste a lot, ask maybe for small serving. I was worried about the service after reading reviews, but the service was good. Our water was refilled and refills on food came out quickly. It wasn't very busy, but the guy watching our tables cared to check on people which makes a big difference. Good late night eats and good value. Definitely will be back.
4	If you're expecting great service.. then this is not the place for you. BUT if you are there for delicious tofu soup or all you can eat korean bbq then this is your place. All of the tofu soup don't exceed 10 dollars.You do get all the little korean side dishes if you just order tofu soup and or all you can eat korean bbq.I think the all you can eat korean bbq is cheaper than most places in Vegas. If i remember correctly dinner time for all you can eat is 18 bucks or so.
3	My recommendation: The ribs and coffeeI would love to work at tofu hut. The chefs have it so easy here. They leave it up to you to cook your own food. I think that's a cool concept that allows you to cook your meat as rare or well done as you want. The brisket was so fatty. I felt like I was chewing bubble gum, but the ribs were delicious. They also had this vending machine that gave you about 4 oz. of coffee for 50 cents. I don't even like coffee but I make it a priority to get the milk coffee everytime I come here.The sides were pretty good. They gave us a large variety to choose from. I liked the tofu dish they served the best. The customer service was at a bare minumum. The lady came around every once in awhile to refill our water cups but that was about it. She didn't even talk (or smile) while she did it. It was very robotic-like.The food was very good but I've had better, so that's why I feel the three star rating is appropriate.
4	I haven't been here for awhile, but I recently came back for their $13.99 after 11pm special ($16.99 with the egg). I personally only really like brisket and pork belly. It's not as good as Sura, but for the price, it's not bad. Since the kbbq side was all full, we had to wait a bit until there was room. We asked for two tables next to each other to minimize wait time (6 of us). I have no complaints about service. You typically have to call for the servers in Korean culture anyway so just flag them down if you need them. They walk by and clear your plates pretty often so you're good to go anyway. The one thing I really like about here that the others don't seem to have is this pancake side dish. Yum yum. I'd definitely come back in the future for more $13.99 late dinners.
4	I like this spot. I mean, it's quite nice to eat at any Spring Mountain restaurant at 7pm  and not competely plastered!It's like Honey Pig but, not as expensive and smoky.At Honey Pig, I feel like I'm eating ridiculous amounts of food and rice! Prolly because I'm drunk whenevs I eat there so.....that answers the question.Tofu Hut has the typical AYCE or ala carte orders. AYCE are no brainers at these places. At least, this way you can try new things.We had the typical bulgogi, cow tongue (my favorite because it's cut so thin and fries so crunchy), skirt steaks (I think?)....I was told their salad and steamed egg was delish. I liked the salad...kinda Asian type of flavors...whatever that means?Steamed egg, was literally, just that: steamed egg. I was like "wth, it's like scrabled eggs...?" I mean, it IS good but, for eggs.....idk, it was just too plain for me?I'm just glad I got to try this place because of all it's reviews. For sure coming here again; maybe when Pho Kim Long is busy one drunken night.
4	I've been here three times. The strange thing is I've never had tofu here. I always get the AYCE Korean BBQ.  Let me tell you, it's really really good!! You get to pick and choose what meat you want to cook up.  Their side dishes are great. I love the salad they offer.  For $17, this is an awesome deal for AYCE. After 11, it's even cheaper!
4	Tasty juicy meats and as much as you can eat.  At $17/person, it is a very good deal.  We had pork belly, short rib, brisket and marinated chicken thigh.  Service was friendly, but on the slow side.  I come here when I come to Vegas to visit.
2	I love the food at this place but the service definitely sucks! We got here before a large group came in. We got seated, but the server took orders from the larger group first. Come on, we got here first. We waited for another 10 mins but still nobody came to us. We don't even have anything on our table. The other server didn't even care, he started to clean the other table. We got pissed because we are so hungry and we didn't even got serve at all. We finally left. Now, I don't know if I will come back at this place. But If I do, I want better service.
4	Empty your stomachs, ladies and gents, because you'd want to fill up on as much as you can in this generously tasty ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT (and die in a food coma) BUFFET!If you love Korean food, you'll love this establishment even more. Pay a small price for a huge meal. OK so I know I am petite but I will devour a whole cow if the flavor is on point. And it felt like I did at my last visit at Tofu Hut. Alongside the Korean BBQ Short Ribs (Gal-Bi), I also had their soup and their steamed egg -- a MUST have. The server will give you the "All You Can Eat" menu and there are a slew of things you can order from and they do not skimp out on ya. Ahh I love my meat, who doesn't? (except for those vegetarians and vegans)...I am usually slightly picky on the ambiance and decor on the establishment (especially their restrooms) but you will overlook all of that once you grill the variety of meat and it will magically manifest into this heavenly, beefy aroma. It's like you're your own chef! As many Korean restaurants, they will also bring out the traditional little side dishes. You ought to try (and load up on) the salad as this is part of their side dishes too! Their dressing is a bit spicy but oh-so-flavorful. And going back on the decor, not that it was a dirty and ugly place, I would just recommend it to be more modern and more aesthetically pleasing to the eye since it is Vegas after all. Updating your look and adding another restroom wouldn't hurt in my opinion. :)Anyway, I am salivating as I am reminiscing and writing this review...so remember empty your stomachs (not your pockets) and your taste buds will be forever grateful as you enter and leave this restaurant!
5	$14.99 ALL YOU CAN EAT KBBQ and I'm a semi - Vegetarian..   So I had the Vegetable Tofu Soup. Extra SPICY!Soup base and spice level is perfect! A bit spicy but they don't make it spicier by adding Chopped Jalepenos like some other tofu houses.   It's Bold and has a great kick.  The sides were great too, kimchi had a sweet tang to it, this pancake thing is tasty with the dipping sauce.  Food is a 4 to 5 rating.I seldom give a 5 rating even if the food is really good.  The service has to compliment the whole experience.This guy seems like a manager or owner, but he is like a 1 man team. Does the seating, register, serving and all that.  He left a water pitcher at our table because we were 5 hungry and thirsty people. He always came and topped off our water anyways.  Came  by multiple times to ask if we needed more KBBQ and my friends were sooo stuffed. I was very happy with my tofu soup.  And this guy even came out and asked if I wanted the soup base cooked a different way to omit the beef broth.  As he probably assumed im a full vegetarian, but I said no it's ok, just make it the standard way and I really appreciated him taking the extra mile to make sure food is up to par for the customer.Will be back soon with all my so cal friends since they all like KBBQ!
4	Everytime I go to this place, I come hungry and leave happy. Not only is it the cheapest AYCE KBBQ that I know of in town, it also boasts of great quality meat (90% of the time).My girlfriend and I get the following each time we go to this place:1. Ribeye2. Brisket3. Pork belly4. Short ribs*5. Steamed egg**We only get these if we go before 11pm, since they charge you 16.99 instead of 13.99 if you get these items after 11pm.The meats are almost always fresh, the brisket always has that bright red color, and of course it tastes great!One thing that really made me a fan of this place was when we ate here one afternoon, the server actually taught us the correct order of cooking the meats. She said that you cook the non-marinated meats first before you cook the marinated ones. Being non-Korean, that was a very useful piece of information that she gave us, and it changed the way we ate KBBQ since then.The thing I really don't like about this place is that it gets really packed during the weekends. They only have so many tables for AYCE BBQ, so the wait can be very long and gruesome (especially since you have to come hungry or else your dinner won't be worth the price). On our last visit here, they told us there was at least an hour wait, even though the two long tables were open, because they had a party of 20 coming in. We were starving, so we decided to get out of there and try out the neighboring KBBQ place. *Disappointed at Tofu Hut*Another thing that I'm not a fan of is the service when it gets really busy. A few times, I had to practically hold my glass up in the air just so I could get a drink refill. They rarely ever come to check on you unless you signal them to do so, which makes it so hard to order the great meats and banchan that they offer. Speaking of banchan, their fishcakes and pancakes are soooo yummy. They're the best I've had anywhere.Overall, I've been to this place enough times for Yelp to call me a regular, so I must really like, maybe even love the place.
4	Go in hungry, leave unbuttoning your belt. All the meat is good , but the short ribs r ridiculous!! Add  the 15$ price and its the best deal in town !!
5	My favorite place to go to whenever I'm craving alot of protein. The mamasan there is really nice n helpful when the comes to cooking it yourself. The pork belly is a must, and I love that they give all those sides. I admit...i go there at least once every two weeks. I hope they never leave.
4	This place satisfies my appetite every time I eat there with my friends. The brisket.... AMAAAAAAAZING! Their salad is AMAAAAZING as well. Some of their staff needs some better customer service training. I understand it gets hectic and busy, but that doesn't mean treat your customers like nothing.Anyway, one night, me and my friends decided to go eat some tofu hut. The guy that was seating people told us,"Sorry there are no seats".. alright.. cool.. we dont mind waiting.. so we asked the guy how long the wait is. He responds in a tone where it sounded like he didnt want us eating there at all. He replied with, "I dont knowwww.. uhhhh.. could be 2 hours .. i dont know i dont know"...Yeah, we were pretty pissed off, but ended up eating anyways. And guess what? It WASN'T a 2 hour wait. Other than that, I enjoyed my meal.Overall, food is great.. and service could be a bit more friendlier.Minus one star for the customer service....
4	AYCE Korean BBQ, and it's open til 4AM? Sign my hungry face up. This review is summarized in 10 tips.1. If you are making a post-club visit, be smart like me, and leave your club clothes in the car. Come in with just a t-shirt and pants. Your clothes will smell like Seoul when you are done.2. Bring your hunger. Drunk. Sober. High. Low. Whatever. 3. Order the salad with your banchan (side dishes for you amateurs).4. This place is the epitome of an ethnic restaurant. It's not fancy, it's not pretty. Leave your pretentious bitchy friends outside. In the cold, winter weather. Or in the hot, hot heat. Make them more miserable. :D5. Marinated pork belly, beef tongue, brisket are excellent choices.6. Get rice.7. It makes sense to order some Hite (Korean Beer)8. It's all you can eat, so don't be shy. Have no shame in your food game (I stole that from my friend Kurdy S.)9. The grill is at your table, so you grill it yourself. You run the show!10. Don't plan on doing anything after this meal because you will be so full!I love this place!
4	Cheap and good. Love the bulgogi combo with tofu soup. Nice variety of ban chan. If you do the grill, the meat as well as the salad are my fav. Nice service too. Don't dress nice here cuz the smell's gonna ruin ur clothes.
3	Been going to this place since I moved to Vegas 9 years ago and the quality of food is always consistently above average and never dissapoints no matter what I get.  However, the service gets progressively worse.  Its unreal how disconnected they seem to be with the customers.  There have been times myself or my friends would wave our hand in their face as they troll by zombie like and continue to the protection of their counter.  If you can get past the lack of customer service the food is always good.
4	Do not be deceived by their name. They're called Tofu Hut, but have much more than tofu. They are a Korean Barbecue AYCE table-grill place. They have kalbi, short ribs, squid, pork, chicken, and many different side dishes. We waited about 20 minutes for a table. That was the first good sign. Their service was a bit disservicing to us and themselves. They need a bit of a better system, but what can I say? I'm in Chinatown. It's just that they kept going back and forth for one thing at a time, so it takes a while for you to get things some times, thus the one-star off. They have a really good soup like a Mae Won Ton, that was really yummy. Definitely try every single thing on the item list and bring tons of friends. That's the best way!I'll be back after I rally some more friends!
4	So delicious! Came here during a lay over at 11pm. Lots of good side dishes. I normally dont like meat, but the korean short ribs was so sweet and yummy that I finished the entire plate. Seafood tofu was a winner.
3	Had a random k-bbq craving the other day and decided to try tofu hut. It's been my go to place for Korean food, but my first time w their $16.99 ayce. Started out rocky - it was half empty but we stood waiting to be seated for what felt like forever, while the frazzled server and busser both ignored us. There were a few other service issues to follow but sadly, authentic Asian places aren't known for great service. It is what it is. Anyway, food was great - decent selection of banchan (the sides), a surprisingly delish salad of romaine and cabbage mixed w a light dressing and I think kochujung sauce. We ordered bulgogi, kalbi short ribs, spicy chicken and spicy pork. The meat quality and marinade was really good, but I'm not a fan the marinade on pork and chicken. Both lacked flavor and the pork had really excessive fat and gristle. Although not included in ayce we got an order of the fried mandoo, which seemed to be homemade and a pretty generous portion. Also got the spicy tofu soup, which arrived boiling hot and yummy. Tried the steamed egg, which was incorrectly described as kind of a custard. It was more like a really fluffy omelette - seemed like a scrambled raw egg poured onto a little bit of boiling broth w green onion. Surprisingly good, must try.Service was mediocre with just 1 poor guy running around and the busser girl who spoke no English - she just stared at us although I'm pretty sure coke is still coke in Spanish too. Things got better once one of the cooks came out to help wait tables, he was actually an awesome server. I'd suggest ordering everything at once while you have their attention, and you have to be pretty aggressive about flagging them down. Sounds like a pretty bad experience, but it is probably my fav of the ayce k-bbq places over sura and woo che. Quality seemed better and a good selection of ban chan. The main negative compared to others is that they're not good about changing out the grill as the charred bits get stuck, but they probably would if you ask. And like with all k-bbq places, just be prepared to smell like Korean food the rest of the night.
3	Decided to have dinner at Tofu Hut tonight. Overall experience was not bad, but I wouldn't call it great either. They were a bit short staffed when we first walked in. I would say it took them over 5 mins to even acknowledge our presence even though they did see us walk in.  I expected a "Hello, or Welcome" at the very least.We passed on the AYCE tonight & went ala carte. We ordered short ribs & spicy chicken. Both orders were good, but nothing memorable or anything to rave about. I did love their banchan offerings! I liked the fish cake, japchae, spicy cucumber, and I don't recall the others but it was yummy!I would go back.. but don't think I'll be a regular at this place.
1	Horrible. We ate at Tofu Hut on January 14, 2012. I have been to a lot of Korean BBQ restaurants, and I typicaly love the food and experience. but I have never had this poor of an experience. Side dishes were mediocre at best, out of date at worse, meat was rubbery, could hardly get it down. Service was THE WORSE I have EVER experienced at any restaurant, anywhere. Waitress showed up at the beginning and end of the meal to drop of the bill. Kids drop their utensil? Get up and ask for another. Need a napkin or chop-sticks? Get up and ask for it. Want something to drink besides water? Too bad, they didn't even offer- even after asking! Lots of other Korean BBQ in Las Vegas- go to any other- I have been to many- they are all better.
3	Located across the street from Chinatown Mall, I first found this place cruising for late night asian food. I was delighted in finding a cheap all-you-can-eat Korean BBQ place in Vegas. That was 2 years ago.I went back to Tofu Hut over the weekend, after walking around all day at CES, I was starving (I refused to buy LV Convention food). I hopped on a bus to Tofu Hut salivating. When I got there, it seemed nothing had changed.Granted, I was not there on in the middle of the night (the price is cheaper than dinner), but I noticed the price had gone up a bit since I've been there. The cost of food has gone up so this was expected. We ordered the marinated sliced ribeye, the brisket, marinated pork belly, and shortribs.The mariniated sliced ribeye was tasty, but lacking in quality. The brisket was super thin so it cooked fast. The marinated pork belly was a little spicy and delicious, but we got over it fairly quickly. Very fatty, but that's what pork belly is all about!The short ribs were decent, a bit chewy, although I was quite full from the other meats, sides, and beer. And Soju. How could I forget the Soju? I was full and drunk at that point.The sides were not memorable (except the big bowl of salad, which I confiscated for myself), and the service was ok. There seemed to be only one waitress running around the entire place.I have to say, while this isn't the best or cheapest Korean BBQ, it is a decent place to enjoy a meal with friends a little off the strip.
5	This is one of my my go-to restaurants when I have visitors. Nuff said!
3	I go for the delicious tofu soup.  I've never had Korean bbq here.  I stick to the late night, soul warming, boiling tofu and dumpling soup.  It is cheap and filling and comes with all the fun little side dishes; banchan.The broth is  rapidly boiling, chile laden and filled with chunks of silky tofu and beef dumplings.  They crack an egg into the little cauldron and you stir it up and enjoy.  It is also served with a bowl of rice.  The portion is good for 1 1/2 meals. All for around $8.  Every time, I request it spicy, and every time, it is not.  They are open late so it is a good joint for late night comfort soup.
4	the all you can eat korean bbq is pretty damn good, just don't get the soup, it's extremely salty.  the egg, however, is awesome!didn't order the stuff from the menu, will try next time.
4	Yay! I finally found a place to get some vegan Korean tofu soup!  You have to specially request that your sundubu be made with "just water" and no egg, but you'll get it.  Order it spicy (4 or 5) and it's plenty flavorful, even with a water base.  We also got some japchae (the yam noodles) with veggies, which was a greasy pile of goodness, and some questionable banchan.... never can confirm for sure if the kimchee has fish or not.  Anyway, one of the sides was delish (the pancake), the other vegan ones were just OK.  Love the little salad with a simple dressing, wish we'd gotten a giant bowl of that.  All in all, this will be my go-to for tofu soup on a dreary day.  Just beware hidden fish!
4	I went to this place for the first time and I will definitely be back. I lived in Seoul for 3 months and really missed eating the food. I'm not really into Korean BBQ but I hear its great. I Love the traditional daily Korean menu. The waiter was awesome, I was torn between tofu soup and Bibimbap, but he pointed out that bibimbap comes with tofu soup and its only like a buck more? it was perfect. With all those little banchan/kimchi dishes that they bring out I was beyond stuffed but it was the good kind of stuffed. I'll be back for sure. also suggestion: kimbap rolls to go would be sweet!
3	I stopped in on Sunday for some Sundubu, so I can't comment on the BBQ. The Banchan was good, and the service was quick.  I especially like the egg being cracked into my scalding hot soup by the server, it was dinner and a show. My qualm is that I noticed something gritty in my Beef and Kimchi Sundubu.  It tasted fine, but the crunch was an unwelcomed surprise.  I would come back to try the BBQ, but there's better tofu soup in the area.
5	I love the steamed egg, beef tongue and short ribs!!! The servers here are really friendly! I  love all the side dishes as well. There are alot to ayce korean places in las vegas to eat at, this is got to be in the top five.....
4	MMMM, I forgot how good and cheap it was here.Needed a kbbq fix and this def fulfilled that need at 2am. The fact that I only had 20 bucks in my pocket helped choose the kbbq place, as well.
4	LOVE this place! Def my #1 place to fix my kbbq cravings. But the only thing is, its hard to flag someone down for water or to order extras when everyone is in the back. Although, everyone is always so nice, so it doesn't bother me so much. And they'll always keep me coming back for more.
5	Love Tofu Hut and always have. It's so good that I haven't bothered checking out any other jigae places around Spring Mountain. The location is fairly easy to get to (right off of the freeway) and it is close to anything Chinatown that you'd want to go to after - groceries, boba, Karaoke. I always order the Tofu soup medium and it is delicious. Very flavorful, and filling, too, since it comes with banchan and rice. I've been there with others, however, that order the ayce and it is always great as well (I manage to sneak a few bites when they aren't looking). The best part has to be the cabbage mix salad that comes with the ayce. You're supposed to eat it with the meat and it is SO GOOD!! The ayce servings are big, and they require a minimum of two people ordering to get it, because otherwise, you'd get full off of one serving. It's best to go after 11pm when the prices change to get the best value. My only complaint would be the service. I don't know if management changed or what, but my favorite people there weren't working the last few times I've been, and honestly, they were better than who works there now. They also seemed to get rid of "stone-pot" rice, which is sad because it was almost better than the jigae itself. If you're in the mood for Korean, you definitely have to check this place out. It is my spot -  I try to go at least once a month. It is cheap, satisfying, and authentic. Make sure to come on an empty stomach!
2	Service: 0/5 Wasn't the most welcoming that's for sure. When I walked in I stood in the door way/waiting area for like 5 minutes as I waited and stared at each employee of this place idk maybe because I wasn't Korean I wasn't getting the best service at the door. Finally we got seated, I felt rushed by my waitress and trust me after she dropped off our dishes that was the last time I saw her. She never came back to refill our waters or anything. Flagging someone down just to pay the bill was also an issue no one paid attention to us. Kim Chi Beef: 3/5  I liked their Kim Chi beef but it doesn't compare to other places I've tried. A bit mediocre it was very watery and salty. I had huge chunks of Kim Chi which I liked but I had no idea where he "beef" was. I'm guessing it had to be some sort of ground beef. The tofu was cooked perfect though not too soft not to hardSeafood Beef: 2/5  My boyfriend got this dish because he loves sea food in this Tofu, but omg super salty it tasted to bland not even tasty. There was barely any sea food in his the only thing I could recall were scallops and they tasted like imitation scallops. The tofu was cooked perfect though not too soft not to hardSide dishes: 2/5 I actually really liked their assortment of side dishes but our waitress was never around to refill them. I was pretty disappointed.
1	Korean bbq is so good and I was excited to try this place with all the good reviews. The restaurant is pretty small and grills are at each table. The staff wasn't very excited to help my friends and I. It was a quiet night and they could have been a little more excited to have people. They never came to refill our drinks, refill our meat, or our sides. All you can eat- yeah right! :(The staff also sat up by the very loud TV the whole time and ignored pretty much any one who didn't need to be seated. They also took 20 min to give us the check. They asked the table next to us to "hurry up, people need their table," which was pretty rude! The bathrooms were a disaster which makes me wonder what the kitchen/fridge looks like..I have the feeling had I been Korean the service would have been a bit better...Even my Korean friends agree the service is bad! Major disappointment!! *Try some place clean where people actually want your business!
4	I came here with my fiance and another couple.  We wanted to eat at Mr. Tofu, but they are closed on Sundays.  My fiance used to come to Tofu Hut a lot before discovering Mr. Tofu.  Since I have limited experience with Korean restaurants, I will be comparing Tofu Hut with Mr. Tofu, which is directly across the street.  The parking in both places could be better.  Tofu Hut has more seating and was busier.  Some tables at Tofu Hut had grills built into the tables.  As you may know, each meal comes with some complimentary sides.  The sides at Tofu Hut are better.  I like the fish cakes.  Also, they gave us slices of bread made from rice that was pretty good.  I always order the same thing, bibimbap dolcet.  They are equally good at both places.  Tofu Hut gives you a large bottle of spicy bean paste.  Mr. Tofu provides a small portion.  The rice never got crunchy, which is my favorite part.  I guess the hot pot cooled down too much before they could add the ingredients.  Perhaps an oversight because they were so busy.  A careless mistake in my opinion.  That is the best part of the dish.  At Tofu Hut, bibimbap dolcet also comes with spicy tofu soup made with spicy bean paste.  That was the best part.  Really good and hot.  They add one raw egg.  I love dipping the fish cake in the spicy soup.  I think the price is similar.  My fiance got her usual, which is tofu soup.  It was not very good.  Our friends ordered galbi, bulgogi, and some sort of spicy chicken dish.  The galbi was very good.  The bulgogi was disappointing.  The other chicken dish was really good.  Overall, I liked Tofu Hut better, but I doubt my fiance will agree, so you will probably see me back at Mr. Tofu.  Both are good.
4	So my mission for an AYCE Korean barbecue restaurant in Las Vegas has finally come to an end! Last night I started feeling a grumble in my tummy and I knew that I was hungry. I wanted to try a new restaurant but wasn't too sure where I could go at 10 pm on a Thursday night. I needed both a place  that could fill my food standards and my hunger. I had heard a lot about Tofu Hut so decided to give it a try.Once arriving at the restaurant, the server was very prompt in seating us and taking our order. The Banchan came out just a few moments after. Most were different from the other Korean Barbecue restaurants I have been to, but they were all very tasty. My favorite of the dishes was the Oi Sobeagi, also known as cucumber kimchi. It had the right amount of spicy and wasn't too overwhelming like others I have had before. The meat was all very flavorful and delicious. We ate the brisket and marinated beef mostly. For all you Samgyeopsal (pork belly) lovers out there, I recommend ordering it marinated. It adds a little more flavor to the pork belly making it even more delicious. My only complaint is that they did not have the usual dipping sauce that is served at most Korean Barbeque places. The sauce the did have was unique, but not my favorite.Recommendation: They have a special there from 10 pm - 2 am where you can get AYCE for $13.99, instead of the usual $16.99! I recommend going around that time to save a few dollars.
3	I want to give this place 3 1/2 star.Compare to Mr. Tofu, I would come here instead. I ordered Kimchi Beef Tofu and I thought it tasted a little better. The guys that was working here were a little overwhelmed by all the business, but they managed to come over and check on us. I thought the service was way better than the other place.I would come back here again, for sure.
2	I'm going to fess up and admit I know nothing about Korean food.  I had only been to one other Korean restaurant prior to this, and it wasn't good.  But now that I am vegetarian, I am always afraid to go to a different place in fear that little fishies might be lurking in what I eat.  Well, after getting a coupon for Tofu Hut I decided to finally make a go of it and try some Korean food again.We went in on a Friday night and the place was dead with only a couple of white 20-somethings sitting at the tables.  I guess that wasn't a good sign.Unlike most reviewers, I actually had a really great server.  He pointed out everything that was vegetarian or could be made vegetarian (2 tofu soups and 2 entrees) and even brought out the bottle of sauce they use on some of the dishes so I could look at the label (bonito- not vegetarian).  He was very friendly and was never annoyed with our questions.  He was also attentive and kept our water glasses full.They started us out with a salad.  Not much to it- just some iceberg lettuce and dressing- but it was actually pretty tasty.  We ordered the bibimbap and buckwheat noodles, both without meat (of course).  The bibimbap came with an order of tofu soup which was a nice little surprise.The tofu soup was really flavorful and my favorite part of the meal.  They were even nice enough to ask if they could crack the egg in it before they did so, knowing I was a vegetarian.  I was expecting good things from everything else, but sadly it just got progressively worse.  The banchan were boring.  The kimchi and bean sprouts were iffy on their fish content, the pickled seaweed was ok but had little flavor, and the potato pancakes tasted like absolutely nothing.  The bibimbap was ok but lacking flavor and depth.  This could, of course, be my fault for my dietary restrictions but I don't think it should be that hard to season some rice and veggies.  The buckwheat noodles were just some cold noodles drowning in a salty liquid and covered with some iceberg lettuce.  Meh.It makes me sad since I had such a helpful server, but he really couldn't save this meal.  Perhaps it's just me and my under-developed Korean food palate?  I really hope not. It appears as though everyone comes here for the barbeque, so maybe you're better off ordering that.
3	I dig the vegetable tofu soup. Everytime I have been here, I asked for spicy. The soup looks spicy, but has no spice. It still has a great flavor. The egg dropped into the soup is a nice touch. I took my friends to eat the all you can eat barbeque and they got sick the next day. I don't know if they cooked the meat wrong or what, but that's reason for a drop down on the star rating. Side dishes are pretty decent too.
4	Came in with a few friends for a little late night dining.  It was my first time and I've heard quite a bit about this place and it didn't disappoint.  The prices blew my mind, I didn't know it was that inexpensive.    What impresses me the most are the condiments.  The kimchee and other vegetables are really fresh and go well with the good meats.  The meats were seasoned well and when eaten with the condiments, can't be beat.  Will definitely come back.
5	Best Korean I've had yet in Vegas. The Dumpling Tofu soup was divine. I asked for spicy and got it! The food arrived sizzling to the table. I love every single side they give complimentary. You can really fill up for $10. a person. The Short Ribs were the bomb! The staff is wonderful. I love the ambiance and decor, everything, even the simple wooden chairs. There's two sides to Tofu Hut, the BBQ table and regular. The late hours are a plus! I will come back frequently, now that I know of this gem. I will bring friends. I'm gonna try the BBQ next time.
2	First time I've tried kbbq in Vegas. The sides were pretty good n they kept bringing these whenever we asked. The flavor of the meats were also good n there was hardly any fat on the brisket everytime. Now the part that really sucks...the lag on meat big time. We had to ask repeatedly and when I say repeatedly I mean at least 5 times before they brought out another plate of meat. One guy even pretended he couldn't hear me when he was walking past me as I was trying to ask for meat. For me if your not giving me my order then you're trying to rip me off. So if you like the sides at kbbq, then go but if you like a lot of meat skip this place because they're fuckin shiesty!!
4	Me and one of my best friends LOVE eating here to "Chop it up". We always get one of the tofu kimchi soups. I usually get the seafood one, and she normally gets the mushroom one. When it comes to ethnic foods, I am a big fan and I respect it So no racial but if you are not korean, or asian at that..please shut up about talkin shit about the food at Asian places lol. If you don't like it, just say you don't like it. But to say they don't know how to make it..SHUT THE HELL UP! lol. I love this place, but I'm half thai and I love salty foods and I guess Koreans aren't big on fish sauce. But i can't wait on my next trip to Tofu Hut :D The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because they don't give you the yogurt drink at the end anymore, that I know of and they're not really friendly, but I still respect them..not everyone can act as "white" as you think they should lol.
3	I was introduced to this place by a friend of mine and it is an all you can eat dine in restaurant but only on the left side. The prices range between $15-18 for the all you can eat. They do not have a menu on this side, they basically just have a list of the meats you can choose from and it is unlimited including the sides. I give the food four-stars, as the food is delicious. I love Korean food and sides! However, I need to give the service three-stars. The first time I went there it was around 5pm, there was no line and we were seated fairly quickly. We had a lady serving us and she was nice but very hard to flag down. I enjoyed the food there especially the brisket and the sides. I was just not impressed by the service. The second time we went there, we decided to go to dinner and we brought our friend with us. I made sure to arrive early to get us seats. The all you can eat side was pretty full so I stood by the sign that says, "wait to be seated". No one was behind me at the time so I did not mind waiting. However, another person arrived and spoke to one of the servers. He decided to seat them first which I'm sure would upset a few people. I spoke to him before he seated them and explained that I was clearly standing there first and he should not have sat them before me as I was waiting and was not with their party. My friends arrived soon after he seated that party of three I was not too happy about that. I had a good time otherwise, but I just feel that in order to get more people into the place, the service has to be just as good as the food. If you don't mind good food, but lousy service, you should try this place.
4	I love this place! Cheaper than the KBBQ stops here in SF so I was very satisfied coming here. I've (previously) gotten the buffet here - but my last visit my friends just wanted to get a la carte - which wasn't bad. We got the combination specials which included the side dishes (+unlimited refills of said side dishes). My go to side dishes: fish cakes and the pancakes (whatever that is, IT IS DELICIOUS). Here in SF I don't think we have those pancake things but they were BOMB.COM!! I could eat that everyday. I ordered the spicy chicken bbq. The tofu soup it comes with is really good - if you like it spicy it's not TOO spicy, but it's still good. Korean BBQ is probably my most favorite kind of food... I'll be back whenever I come to visit my best friend!
5	This place has a real deal All You Can Eat Korean BBQ: $16.99 per person for dinner and $13.99 for late night (excluding short rib and steam egg).  The place has only several BBQ table so if it is full house, you will wait for a long time, though they have time limitation of 90 minutes for the AYCE.  Their side dishes are all delicious.  Do not forget to order their salad!  It is included in the AYCE and super tasty!  Their soup and steamed eggs were meh to me.  We ordered brisket, short rib, tongue and marinated pork...Excellent!  Their squid was tender and not chewy either.  I live in Tampa now and used to live in NY and the price here is ridiculously cheap!  I have no idea how their kitchen menus are and it is funny this place is called "Tofu Hut" because they serve a lot of meat, but I would recommend you to go for their AYCE BBQ!
2	I just ate at tofu hut for the first time because its the cheapest all u can eat in las vegas at 16.99.  I have many complaints about this place. So half of the restaurant is all u can eat the other half is sit in. So in total on the all u can eat side is about 8 tables. So first let me start with the side dishes. I am korean so i know my korean food and ive been to many korean restaurants. I have never been to a restaurant whose side dishes were so untasty. The kimchee was way to sour and salty and mushy. The odang was soo mushy that u couldn't even chew it. The korean pancake was way to hard. The clear noodles (chapchee) only had noodles and the only flavor in it was soy sauce. The only thing that was slightly edible was the cucumber. The meat they served was mediocre. It was edible but not delicious. They take FOREVER  to bring the meat. We would keep ordering meat when they would bring us a plate and by the time we got our next round of meat we had already finished the first portion and waited so long the grill got burned. The portions of meat was so small. We ordered galbi they brought us two slices and the slices half of it was just straight fat. They also dont use real galbi they use skirt part of the meat not short ribs. So they charge an extra 3 dollars just to include the galbi in the all u can eat and its not even real short ribs. So even though its the cheapest korean bbq around i will never return to this place i rather pay the 21.99 that everywhere else charges to have a better experience. This place just failed at every turn. Side dishes horrible, meat was mediocre, and service was horrible as well.
3	I was a regular here years ago.  Went back a couple times recently...I still like the tofu soup here.  Everything is not too overly priced like most Korean restaurants, but I do find the galbi to be a little too fatty at times.  where's the meat? =) I do like the side dishes her so overall not a bad place to eat.
3	This place is ok. not that big of a fan like the other korean restaurant. service is ok as well. i was just entertained how they serve the soup in a boiling pot, i recommend eatin the calbi there.. I would go back if my friends invited me but If i was to go on my own i woudl rather go else where.
5	All you can eat for $16.99 per person. Wow, we had a lot of food! Each table is allowed to pick four items at a time. After finishing whichever item, you can pick something different to try. We weren't able to even finish the food we ordered, so we never ordered more. Everything was really tasty and our stomachs were happy! Too bad you're not able to take the leftovers home. Felt like such a waste of food. Not my first time here and won't be my last.
4	My experience here was solid and I would definitely return. The service was prompt and drinks were consistently refilled. We did the AYCE Korean BBQ and for $17 you really can't beat the deal. The meat was tasty and the portions generous. We had marinated chicken thighs, pork belly, brisket and short rib. Everything was flavorful and fresh. I am not Korean so I am not about to get all snobby about the sides, but in my opinion, they were all fine -- including the kimchi. I will be returning here when in the mood for a filling  dose of delicious meats for cheap.
4	Absolutely loved my meal here. We came in on a Thursday night with a group of 12 and we were lucky that they had a table open for us or else we would've waited for awhile. This place was packed! I think that for $16.99 a person it was a steal! We ordered so much food and ate so much it was ridiculous. The service was fast and the meat was fresh and very flavorful. I loved their salad that came with the bbq and the banchan was pretty good too. The service wasn't all that great and the place was a little cramped but the good food made up for it. I'm an out of towner and to see a lot of locals at this restaurant shows that this place has to be good, and it was! 2 thumbs up.
2	Crap service with mediocre food is not a good business model to live by.  The only thing I really liked was the pot of rice with overcooked rice combined with water.  It gave an almost popcorn like flavor which was unique and refreshing.  My waitress didn't even bother servicing us once the whole time I was there.  So bie it.  As a side note not a single Korean was spotted in this joint while I was there.  If the local Koreans don't eat here well that should tell you something.
4	Best deal in Vegas for all-you-can-eat korean BBQ, 17.99 a person. You could get the 13.99 per person deal, but you'll be missing out on the short ribs and steamed egg. Just pay the extra 4 bucks, it's worth it. Even if you're moderately hungry, you'll get your monies worth. From pork belly, to bbq beef, everything is top notch. One of the best things to get there is the steamed egg. Its soft and hot and well flavored. They give you a lot of side dishes and will keep them fully stocked. Oh, i'll be back!
3	Not all that great but it's just so cheap. Of the stuff we ordered, my least favorite would have to be the marinated rib-eye. The marinade was pretty bad. I also would not reorder the marinated pork belly, as that's cut into strand like pieces, not large thick slices like the regular pork belly. Speaking of the pork belly, not as thick as I like that other places do. The first round of brisket we ordered was good. The second round however was cut so thin that it just kept flaking apart as we tried cooking it. Picking up shreds of meat is not a fun way to eat. This was probably related to the service.So speaking of the service, it wasn't that bad if you consider they were seriously understaffed. Every BBQ-able table was filled up, which is a little more than half the restaurant. As far as I could tell, there was one server and one person working the kitchen.The orders of meat usually come out in pretty small quantities on a small plate too. Don't know why they did that while being understaffed. The salad mix they give you on the side is delicious, probably my favorite Korean BBQ salad anywhere.Eventually we stopped eating because: 1. it took so long to get our next order of meat and more salad (I think they ran out and kept having to make more) and 2. the grill was so small that it was hard for everyone to keep eating at a good pace.Even with all the negative comments, I'd still give it 3 stars because it's decent and so affordable.
4	This is a great late night spot.  I think they have a great chopped salad and their selection of meat and kimchi is great.  I do feel they have some items I stay away from like the Squid.  Steamed Egg Great, Miso Soup Great and it's all you can eat.  Have to try it
4	We have been here couple times already but never got around to writing a review until now. Anyhoo, my husband & my son loves this place.  Cheap AYCE korean bbq with quality meat. The flavor is great. We specially like the ribeye, short ribs and the brisket. My son loves the steamed egg. I did not like the squid and the chicken. The sides are good as well specially the long noodles. One thing I did not like is the long wait. It gets really crowded on their bbq area. I wish they turn the other dining area into bbq area as well.  Also, when they get busy...you will wait for your meat to come. Couple times the servers forgot about our meat coz they were too busy and not enough servers. It is still one of our fave korean bbq! Love this place!
2	I forgot that Mr. Tofu was closed on Sundays and my sundubu craving had to be pacified so we made our way across the street to Tofu Hut.  Half of the restaurant have stovetop tables reserved for patrons having the AYCE korean barbecue, while the other half of the restaurant has tables for the tofu eating patrons.  Although the bbq smelled enticing, I was there for one reason and one reason only: sundubu. I ordered my go-to: the mushroom sundubu.  The menu described it as having 3 different kinds of mushrooms, but I can guarantee that I only saw 1 type in there.  The enoki and the oyster mushrooms were no where to be seen.  And on top of that I ordered "medium" spice level, and there was no heat at all.  Nor was there any flavor.  I poured the entire kimchee side dish and some bulgogi into the soup in order to create an edible bowl.  Only after those measures, did I start to enjoy my sundubu.  However, it wasn't my original order.  My husband seemed to enjoy his kimchi sundubu, but the "spicy" level, tasted more "medium".  So be warned, that you may have to order a higher spice level just to get some heat.  The bulgogi was very flavorful, and the banchan was not my favorite. My kids, however, devoured the korean pancakes, although they are a lot thicker than I am used to.  And I don't understand why almost every korean restaurant that we dine at, there is only one server.  Poor guy is running around like a chicken with his head cut off.  He was trying his best to meet everyone's needs, but we had to wait a while for extra napkins, extra chopsticks after my son threw them on the floor, and water refills. And then we waited a while to pay our bill.
3	**Summary**       - Korean BBQ - This review is on the Korean BBQ part of Tofu Hut where you get to cook your own meats and eat them.       - Minimum 2 - To get the AYCE, you have to have at least 2 people getting it.       - Quality - The quality fluctuates. When it's good, it's great. When it's not, it's not you get small pieces that look less than fresh. However, I've never gotten sick yet (cross fingers).       - Price - They're quite a bit cheaper than your average Korean BBQ place.**Price**       - $13.99 AYCE Lunch (Short ribs & Steamed Egg excluded)       - $16.99 AYCE Dinner**Ordered**       - Marinated Sliced Rib eye       - Brisket       - Beef Tongue       - Short Ribs       - Steamed Egg**Notes**       - Korean salad and side dishes are provided at the beginning of the meal.       - The rib eye and short ribs come marinated. They're quite flavorful, but I like to eat them alongside un-marinated meat.       - The brisket and beef tongue are un-marinated and you usually dip them in this sesame oil/salt concoction. If it tastes too plain and they didn't put enough salt, you can ask for more.       - The steamed egg, Korean salad, and side dishes make a nice non-meat compliment to the rest of the food.       - Sometimes the heat from the grill leans to one side of the table. If you're with one other person, then both of you can move to one side. If you have more, than someone's just screwed.**Recommendations**       - I'd recommend this place if you're looking for a cheap Korean BBQ place or feel like rolling the dice. Their quality fluctuates so it's a gamble. At their best, it's better than the other Korean BBQ places.
4	A small Korean-owned restaurant that is very well priced and offers good standard food. I ordered the beef-kimchi-tofu soup and it was definitely worth the price (9$). The service was very quick, there was Korean t.v. own to add to the authentic vibe. I am going to have to go back to try the All-you-can-eat.
4	First of, the food is delicious. I recommend the bulgogi. I can eat and bbq at my leisure with the all you can eat. Despite that it's busy anytime, it's understaffed with two waiters running around like crazy, taking care of 7 BBQ tables and another (maybe) 7 tables.
3	We had the a la acarte, and sat on the other side.  The other side was for all you can eat with the "cook your own meat grill".  The service was good and fast; which is what you expect at most asian restaurants.  The bulgogi was really good.  I have been looking for a place that had the same taste and flavor as the one back home; and this one is quite similar.The only thing was the cleanliness of the restaurant.  It wasn't in tip-top shape.  And, I don't like eating while I have to shoo a fly away.  Next time, I may just have the order to go.  Ohh, and another thing..it was a little pricey than I had expected.  Typically, you can judge at how much a restaurant will be based on looking at the restaurant.  I think the bulgogi was $14?!  A little steep.
5	So I've been back here a few times since my initial review and I've decidedly like it better now than before. The service isn't perfect all the time, but I've been pretty satisfied recently. Of course, their salad is a plus. I ADORE THAT SALAD. I still need to get an order of it to-go. It's amazing. My favorite salad of all time :D.I don't usually come here unless it's for the late night $13.99 special. I'm not much of a bulgogi person so I always get just pork belly and tripe. Tripe isn't everyone's thing but it's definitely MY thing. I'll eat brisket if ordered but I don't really care for it. It's not like I can eat that much in one sitting so just pork belly & tripe will do for me.Come with a few friends so that you get a variety if you wanna try everything (in case you're not a big eater).They'll do split checks, no problem. No troubles there so far. The bill also adds tax in it so it's a nice surprise. This is definitely one of my to-go place for KBBQ. And their side dishes aren't too bad. Love the pancake one. :0D
4	I would only come here for the AYCE bbq.  I usually go after 10 for the 13.99 deal.  It's normally 16.99.  They have a lot of different meats, but my personal favorites are brisket, beef tongue, and pork belly.  My friends like the bulgogi.  I forgot what the term was.  They have really good salad that I adore.  I also love the different side dishes that they have.  You can also order the soup. It's really good.  I also like the steamed egg and short ribs, but they only serve those for 16.99.  The customer service is really good. They are always on top of making sure people have water.They also have a non-Korean bbq side which serves meat items, bibimpap, and soondubu which is tofu soup.  I would not come here for the tofu soup because the soup has too much spicy pepper taste and doesn't really have a good soup base.
4	I usually come here once every month. Service is hit or miss. Food is good, we always get the ayce (pork belly, squid, beef tongue) their side dishes are ok, i've have better kimchee. The only thing that keeps me coming back is the price.
4	Drinking all day and all night really calls for something that isn't buffet food.  Don't get me wrong, I love my AYCE, however, a tummy full of alcohol doesn't sit well with a tummy full of food that is mass produced such as buffet food usually is.Our cravings led us to tofu soup, and a Yelp search led us to Tofu Hut (in all honesty, we wanted to go to another place close by, but it's closed on Sundays).  Not going to lie, we were a bit weary of this place.  Knowing this place was an AYCE BBQ, we were a bit worried we'd come out smelling like BBQ, which would require more preparation for that night's festivities (a quick shower to wash away the BBQ smell).  Thankfully, they actually separate their BBQ side from the tofu side.  We were able to stay well away from the wafts of BBQ smells floating in the air.The tofu soup was good, although, I should have probably not been so chicken and actually gotten at least medium instead of being a wuss and getting mild.  The spiciness would have definitely added more flavor and kick to the soup.  Not to say it wasn't good, it was.  I had the Beef and Seafood Soup, which made for a great blend of flavors.  It was also good know they didn't skimp on the fillings.  Had plenty of beef and seafood, as well as, of course, tofu.Four stars, because it was a hot day in Vegas that day, and I was downing my glass of water like a beast.  After I flagged them down the first time for a refill, they definitely kept my glass full the rest of the meal.  Major plus points!!
1	WORST Korean Tofu soup place EVER!  Its pretty hard to have a bad tofu soup, i mean most of the time, the general tofu palces are just average, not too good but not too bad, its something you can tolerate. but man, this place has the worst EVER, how do you mess up on tofu soup? AND you are called Tofu HUT?!!?!?I stumbled across this place because my usual resturant, Mr.Tofu, was closed already, i was really in the mood for tofu and notice that accorss the street was Tofu Hut. So i thought hey, perfect! WHAT A MISTAKE!!!I think the only reason people come here is for the BBQ and because it opens late.There is no way people come here to have the tofu soup, its so tasteless and suprisingly DRY...Do not recommand, stay way, go accross the street to Mr. Tofu! you won't regret it!
5	I love this place with all my heart. I love this place
4	AYCE specials after 10pm.  Service  bringing the meat and salad is quick. We had a large party and we only waited a few minutes to be seated.  Small restaurant, not greatest for decor, it is a yakaniku.  If you want tea or coffee you have to have coins to buy it from the dispenser machine! I will be back, after 10... Lol
4	Good AYCE Korean BBQ for a great price.  For only $16.99, it is a good deal compared to Sura.  I have never had a steamed egg before, but I loved it.  The only problem was the service.  There was only one other table of guests there, so I guess it was dinner time for the employees.  They were busy eating and we were neglected.  The server was nice, but she needed to be around a few more times.  I will try again and hope the service is better next time.  If not, I'll really rip them a new ass on my next review...
4	We usually choose to cook on the grill in this Korean restaurant, but decided to try a few kitchen prepared entrees for a change of pace.  Orders of spicy chicken with mushrooms and onions on a hot platter and shrimp & scallops barbecue with Italian squash, mushrooms, green beans and onions served in a pan were shared.  We also received white rice plus 6 banyans (side dishes) - kimchi, scallion pancake, cucumber salad, fish cake made with cod, and rice noodles. Everything sans the fish cake was delicious.
4	Great food for a cheap price. Don't pay more at other places for lower quality.
3	I've been going to Tofu Hut since my high school years and I've always had such mixed feelings about this place. There are times when my friends and I loved this place and would have a fantastic time, but sometimes we've gotten such terrible service that one of us actually stood up and left. The food, for me, was always good. I actually never tried ayce korean bbq until recently--which I enjoyed very much. For $13.99 (lunch price) I got beef tongue and pork belly; and I also shared brisket and sliced bbq with my friend.  They came in huge servings, which made it difficult for two girls to finish all that meat haha. Banchan's were standard. I've always like fish cake, so that was my favorite out of the rest. Sundobu, or however you spell it, was also okay. Their customer service is so bipolar that sometimes, even though I will be craving to go back to this place from time to time, that I would just avoid Tofu Hut all together. I think ever since I've graduated from high school, I would only go here once a year. Which is sad since the food CAN be worth the trip. Bad service included: wait staff showing attitude; wait staff seems to be non existent for quite a while during our visit; complained about splitting the check; forgetting orders and kept reminding of order; had trouble asking for refills; and last, was that they kept giving my party dirty looks because we stayed there for hours (even though we'd still order some food). This place just needs to be consistent in service and food, and I'm sure this will become a new-found favorite of my friends and I to eat at.
4	$16.99 for all you can eat Korean buffet with the normal a-okay AYCE service. It comes with steamed egg, bean soup, and plenty of banchan. The best part... everything I listed is unlimited and a part of the AYCE! This is a must-try for a Korean AYCE restaurant!We usually order plenty of brisket, squid, and short ribs (better than the marinated ribeye-bulgogi).Please cook brisket first, while you have squid cooking in the corner. Then cool any and all marinated fold separately. The pork and chicken will take a while, so put it aside while you cool the marinated beef dishes!P.S. Fishcakes and kimchi!!!
4	One of the more popular, long standing KBBQ places in town, located fairly close to central Chinatown. They have the option of doing al carte or all you can eat KBBQ. The AYCE KBBQ is i believe 13.99 (after 10pm) or 17.99 originally (or if its after 10pm, the 17.99 price gives you the option to order steamed egg and kalbi). "Limited" selection of meats (brisket, beef tongue, tripe, pork belly, kalbi, bulgolgi) and its not a buffet style type where you get your own stuff. The waiters will get everything for you. AYCE includes the typical side dishes you get at normal korean restaurants. Lately i havent been much of a marinated meats person, so if i go with my friend, our grill stays perfectly clean. All we order is brisket and beef tongue. Both not marinated, straight up sliced meat. Usually mainly the marinating sauces is what causes the burning and dirtying up of the grill. Rice and salad is included. The al carte menu is not bad. I havent ordered anything other than the tofu soup or the tofu soup and bibimbap combo. Tofu soup is priced at i believe a little over $8 each. You get the normal side dishes, the tofu soup of your choice, and rice. The tofu soup and bibimbap combo, to me and a few friends, are a pretty good deal. The bibimbap is a typical korean dish with a lot of cut veggies and beef, served on top of rice, and given their gochujang? sauce (spicy sauce) for you to mix everything with. The tofu soup that it is combo'ed with is a mushroom tofu soup. Still good. Definitely fills you up. Price for the combination is i think only like $10. So not much more. Good deal. Love coming here for tofu soup or KBBQ if its late at night and SUPER hungry. In a lot of cases, its quite full but ive never had to wait that long, if any.
5	Friendly servers (well at least the same guy I see every time - he's witty too!) and super cheap AYCE kbbq.  I always wonder how these people make money. Although Tofu Hut isn't the cheapest place around Vegas, I think it's most worth the price if you take into account the variety and quality. I always get the pork belly and marinated sliced pork belly (a must-have wherever I go) and share everything else. I love the oh-so healthy idea of dipping already-oily meat into oil and salt. I also love that they have good beef tongue and tripe, which I have recently taken a liking to. The bean paste soup and egg are pretty good as well.And the best part of AYCE at Tofu Hut? DAT SALAD.By the way, this is solely a review for the kbbq. I came here for tofu soup (soon dubu) one time and it was meh. That was before I discovered they had AYCE. My life has changed irreversibly since that very moment.
4	I believe I come here mostly for Korean BBQ, at least out of all the other places, I've been pretty frequent here. The staff are very friendly, I like the one guy (I need to find out his name) who always tells jokes, he's the friendliest of them all. The prices here are pretty decent, which is probably why they're pretty popular for AYCE KBBQ. $16.99 normally with a late night special of $13.99, but the late night special price doesn't include steamed egg or kalbi, if you want either of those you'll have to pay the regular price. They bring out the meats as you order and you can only order a max of 3 items per table. Which they have a limited selection of meats, brisket, beef tongue, tripe, pork belly, kalbi, bulgogi, spicy chicken, and a few others. They pick and cut the meats how they want to and bring it out, sometimes I've noticed as I order the same dish, usually brisket and beef tongue, the sizes either get smaller and smaller or the quality of the meat decreases as well. Rice and salad are included, but I usually wouldn't recommend the rice unless you're getting marinated meat, because you'll fill up on it and eat less meat. =] They have an al la carte menu which is decent, I usually get it if I'm going in for lunch or late night and just want some tofu soup. They have a variety of tofu soup all at the same priced, slightly more than $8 each. It's a good deal, you also get rice with it. Just don't dump all the rice in at once, otherwise the soup will disappear very quickly!  Oh also, they put the egg in right when they bring it to the table. I've gotten the spicy chicken and bulgogi from the al la carte menu, don't really remember the pricing, but it wasn't too bad. A friend liked the al la carte menu better because it's cooked on a stove top so the meats retain more of their juices and she found it more flavorful. Everything you order comes with some side dishes, which include kimchi, seaweed, this type of fish thing (sorry I forgot the name), korean panakes, jap che, and a few others.
4	Came in on a Friday afternoon. Surprisingly quiet and empty, immediately greeted and sat. Tofu Hut does not have a special interior design. It's located next to a car shop garage and some other smaller businesses across from the Chinatown strip mall, but it is nothing that is run down or hole in the wall. I am not aware of the peak hours at Tofu Hut, but I will tell you the restaurant is quite small in space and seating.I am actually not too much into meat in general (sounds crazy for me even coming here, right?) but they have a wonderful vegetable buckwheat cold noodle dish that's extremely big and extremely filling. My friends ordered the awesome all you can eat Korean BBQ. This place has probably one of the best all you can eats near Chinatown: refillable salad bowls, tasty cuts of ribeye, beef, and chicken, and amongst other side dishes of kimchi and noodle you can order.Giving this place a four because it's such a deal breaker for finding a good all you can eat with quality food to a cultural level other than the redundant buffets found in Vegas. I would just recommend getting to know the times that are the least busiest so you won't have to wait for the already limited seating they have.
4	I'm at tofu hut on a weekly basis and i'm surprised i havent gotten sick of this place!!! My BF & I mostly go during happy hour (after 10pm) and our orders usually consist of : brisket, regular pork belly, ribeye and marinated pork belly. My top fave is not included during happy hr and u have to pay extra (Short ribs). I noticed a decline in their marinated pork belly. I noticed during the last several visits, most of the meat is fat. Brisket comes in different thickness/length with each order, but still tastes the same. (Pls keep it long & thick!...."that's what she said....")..When we first started coming here, we didnt know if what they gave us was brisket or tongue coz it ALWAYS looked so different every time they brought it out....I am a HUGE fan of their salad...so flavorful! i'm not a big salad girl and this is a definite must have every time i eat here..My bf loves their korean pancakes and i am a fan of the japchae. Overall, good banchan.  Our servers are usually the same 2 guys at night and they are both so friendly, attentive and hard workers! This and Sura are my faves for Korean bbq...Honey Pig wasnt bad either!
5	This place has the best bulgogi in Las Vegas hands down!!I loved the Korean food joints in L.A. ; always open late and super fast friendly service, well this is the same! and Jimmy (our regular server) is just about the most awesome server there. I recommend this place wholeheartedly.
3	Pretty meh.The tofu soup was good, but the banchan and rice was barely passable. Nothing tasted right except for the kimchee in the banchan. The rice tasted extremely chewy and watery. Towards the end I stopped eating my rice altogether and just finished the soup. Thankfully, the soup is tasty; I had the combination tofu dish that has slices of meat as well as seafood. I wish there was a little more seafood in the soup but it's not too bad.Not a huge fan but willing to give it another shot in the future.
3	I used to be a big fan of this place even before they went AYCE. The spark that used to burn bright in this restaurant must be going out. Me and the woman decide for lunch at The Hut. Usually when leaving an AYCE Korean BBQ, satisfaction is usually the attitude that I feel in my gut. I think Tofu Hut needs to up their game.  The sides were up to par. The salad came pretty late.  Brisket was on point. The pork belly, which I am a big fan of, was looking pretty slim. Usually the pork belly is in thick crazy cuts. This time around, not so thick. We didn't get the usual seconds on the belly. So we stuck to the brisket.  There is some tough competition out there in AYCE Korean BBQ. Maybe this was an off day for The Hut. I haven't given up on them. Will try again just to make sure.I really want to lika chu peoples...
5	This review is SOLELY for the late night special: After 10PM AYCE is $13.99 -everyday1) Expect to wait anytime after 10pm especially if you are in a large group. 2) Brisket and beef tongue are bomb. my two favorites. 3) Make your own dipping sauce of half vinegar and half soy sauce-mix with the sesame oil they give you also. YUM! 4) Ask for the salad. Usually there is one main asian guy running the joint, and man, is he FAST. I've gone when he wasn't there and was replaced with 3 different workers. They were so slow I left still kind of hungry.
1	BLEH!!!!!! This place ain't what it used to be.I'm sure no actual Korean people come and eat here. At least for sundubu that is. It tasted bland, there were no good flavors, the banchan was horrible. What a lifeless drab of a meal. On top of that, the bill wasn't even that affordable.I think they're just kept busy because of tradition. This is one of the oldest Korean tofu houses in Las Vegas, and people have come to recognize it. PEOPLE --- I implore you to expand your horizons and venture to new places. Try Mr. Tofu literally across the street. That'll be a step in the right direction.
4	Really good.  A little loud. Service was fast and efficient.  Meat was yummy yummy yummy. We got pork belly, chicken, short ribs and prime rib I think.  Salad they give you with the order is delish and the price $16.99 all you can eat is awesome.  We got four meats and we were stuffed and satisfied.  I recommend this place. :)
4	I kept hearing so many people talk about this place so on Valentine's Day, my boyfriend and I decided to check this place out after the gym. We went around 12:30am-1am and much to our delight, we found out that they have a daily deal from 10pm-2am, their korean bbq is $13! It was delicious and we enjoyed ourselves very much and it helped save our Valentine's Day! We will definitely be going back again. The only con is that the amount of tables for korean bbq only fill half the room. The other half is regular tables for their restaurant food. They need more grill tables! So they won't have to make so many people wait to get BBQ.
3	Korean BBQ in Vegas isn't anywhere close to Korean BBQ in SoCal. For real. But you get what you can get and Tofu Hut is the place to get your Korean BBQ fix for a decent price.During their regular hours AYCE is $16.99, while late night (10 PM - 3 AM) is priced at $13.99. Not too shabby, considering you can get as much meat as you want. They offer a good variety - brisket, bulgogi (marinated beef), thick pork belly slices, tripe, squid, beef tongue and a few others. I'm a fan of the brisket, personally. You can't go wrong with ultra thin slices of beef dipped in their sesame oil/pepper sauce! The marinade on the bulgogi is decent, nothing to rave about. The pork belly is pretty fatty, just a warning. Side dishes are just as important to a Korean BBQ meal as the meat itself. There wasn't a lot of side dishes - kimchi, spicy cucumbers, japchae (stir-fried vermicelli noodles), fishcakes, steamed egg and a pre-dressed salad (essential for any Korean BBQ meal). This may sound like a lot, but really good BBQ places offer a lot more, probably twice as much. I was longing for some bean paste, maybe some garlic and jalapenos. Perhaps I'm asking for too much. After all, you get what you pay for. So why the name 'Tofu Hut' when this place is popular for their Korean BBQ? Before the BBQ times, they once strictly sold a variety of soondubu (soft tofu stew). You can get this from not-so-spicy at all to ultra spicy, all depends on your taste buds. They still have this here and are decently priced. But why spend a near ten bucks on a mediocre soondubu dish if you can pay a few dollars more and eat like a king?
4	Ah KBBQ - I almost didn't believe it when a friend described it as "all you can eat meat buffett" but it was true, and a dream come true!There are a couple AYCE KBBQ here in town, most right up in Chinatown on Spring Mtn. For the most part there are same, with some slight variations. Tofu Hut is one my favorite though.Tofu is set-up where they bring the meet to you. Its a small place so there really isn't much room for you to actually go up and get the food yourself. This of course puts you at the mercy of the wait staff. But usually their service is on point and there isn't much of a delay in getting what you want.The prices are pretty cheap when compared to some of the other KBBQ joints. AYCE is $17, and they knock off $4 after 10pm. They have the full of assortment of Korean meats: brisket, bulgogi, pork belly, squid, beef tongue, and the like. I absolutely love the Kalbi, its delicious as is the steamed egg. (I have been calling it egg soup and no one has ever bothered to correct me).Despite the name Tofu.. this place is anything but it. Overall a above average KBBQ spot and a great value.
4	Went here with some friends for the all you can eat dinner. Pretty cheap compare to other place and the food was good. We got seated as soon as there was a table available. We order our meats and our server was very attentive refilling our drinks and bring more meat as we ordered. Everything was great from the beginning. But beware of smelling like Korean food as you leave!
3	As one of the late night options for Korean near work, Tofu Hut is not a shabby option. Is it my favorite for soon dubu? No, but their kalbi is rather delicious. A group of us came in to grab a bite after work. We did not feel like doing all you can eat, so we ordered off the menu.Japchae- glass noodles with beef and vegetables used too much soy sauce. Normally they are lightly colored by the dark sauce and has a complimentary taste of sesame oil, but this one was predominately soy sauce. I didn't eat more than a few bites of it.Mixed beef and seafood soon dubu had plenty of seafood and beef pieces. The abundance of soft tofu made the dish enjoyable, but it lacked flavor. Same could be said about the mushroom pot.Bulgogi- thinly sliced beef marinated in soy sauce and sugar sauce with vegetables. This dish was on the sweet side. Combined with the kimchi, it balanced out, but too much on it's own.Kalbi- soy sauce based marinated beef short ribs. These are the best! It was so good, that we ordered another plate. The flavor was balanced and the meat was so tender. I could pull the meat right off the bone without much resistance. It definitely was the saving grace of the meal.
4	Huge fan of Tofu Hut when it comes to AYCE Korean BBQ. The one downside to this place is  it's quite small. Only half the restaurant is dedicated to BBQ and the other half regular menu service. So with that in mind, on busy nights, there can be quite a wait, especially if you have a larger party.Now on to the good stuff. Everything here is awesome! I mean where can you go wrong with AYCE BBQ? There are plenty of sides and the staff is quite attentive. Personally I love to sit there, grill my meat and just mix it right in the salad bowl and go to town. Man do I miss this place. Because when it comes to Korean BBQ, fancy doesn't always mean good. Tip: $13.99 all you can eat 2300-0500
3	First time here...as a vegetarian I didn't find a whole lot on the menu for me but ordered the bi bim bap meat & egg-less. it was 'ok'. The tofu soup in medium heat however was AWESOME.
5	My boyfriend, my sister, and I came here on a whim and im glad we did because it was such a fun experience! We waited less than 5 minutes to get seated and we got a pretty nice view lol  I loved that they play kpop and not to mention that the meat was ABSOLUTELY INCREDIBLE!! My favorite was the marinated sirloin and the ribs. Everything from the kimchi to the potato pancake was delicious even though it was a bit pricey ( $65 for 3 people) it was definitely worth every penny!
3	Consistent and open very late. You can choose from the AYCE menu, where you cook on a grill atop your table or you can opt to sit on the other side of the restaurant and choose something from the menu. They're bulgogi is good as are their short ribs, but I always go with one of the tofu soups, usually the kimchi beef. That's my favorite.
4	A family friend introduced me to this place and boy do I love it! I always heard about people talking about eating Korean Bbq, what I didn't know was that it was All You Can Eat (AYCE) and that you cook it yourself! #FunBesides the actual place being a bit run down the food and price makes up for it. I am Samoan and we come with an appetite, this is a perfect place for a food coma fix!Been here a total of 3 different times and have tried 4 of the meats so far and have yet to be disappointed.I'm definately a repeat customer!
4	Been here a few times now. All but one visit was for the AYCE, grill it yourself korean BBQ. It's not a real fancy place and not too big, so yes, sometimes there can be a wait when it's busy. Last time, we had to pass on Tofu Hut since it was full and some people were still waiting. You will leave there smelling like a korean restaurant unless you avoid the grill, not to say that's a bad thing!(Most of the time)Service for the most part is decent. Like some of the previous reviews noted the AYCE is $16.99. $12.99 after 10pm unless you want to order kalbi & steamed eggs I believe? A medley of korean side dishes and rice are served with your meal. Instead of the traditional green leaf lettuce to make wraps they have an unusual but tasty twist. A salad of shredded lettuce with a vinaigrette composed of soy sauce, sesame, chili flakes and probably a few other seasonings.The only real knock for I is that they have no steak like a tri-tip found at some BBQs, but that's more a personal preference and tends to be usually a dinner option if it's available. I tend to favor spicy pork & steak when I frequent korean BBQs. Can't really vouch for their non-AYCE portion of the menu but overall it's a decent place to get your korean fix.
3	I usually go to the other tofu place across the street, they were closed so i went to tofu hut to check it out. Its a fairly small place with a home like feel to it. My wife and i ordered the beef soondubu spicy and chilled soba  noodles. Lets start off with the banchan.  The banchan was extremely meh....nothing special what so ever. The tofu soup came out first....first of all it wasnt spicy at all, and the soup lacked flavor, pretty bland. About 10 minutes later we received our chilled sona noodle dish. The dish was covered in lettuce, and was overpowered with vinegar.  The dish wasn't very good at all. All in all a very mediocre meal. I was alittle disappointed that the name tofu hut suggests that they specialize in tofu. Yet their tofu soup was absolutely forgettable. I for one wont be returning
1	We went to Tofu Hut because mr. Tofu is closed on sunday. A few tables were bbqing meat and we ordered one sun-tofu and one guk-su. The side dishes were all suck!! Jab-che was over seasoned with too much soysauce. Kimchi was too old and jun was all burned. One side of jun was all black and tasted nothing more than flour. Sun-tofu was not bad but not good either. We ordered spicy but it wasnt spicy at all. Guk-su was terrible. Too much vinegar was used.. i almost threw up while eating. Staff was not bad. They walj around with ice water and refill it everytime you ask. Overall i will never go back. I cant believe tofu hut became this horrible. It wasnt used to be this bad. I will rather wait until mr. Tofu opens on weekdays. Please do taste before serving dishes to customers!!!
5	The small dishes are a lot better comparing to all other Korean restaurants on Spring Mountains. The price is decent and the portion size is very generous. Other korean restaurants sometimes reluctant to give out seconds on the small dishes, Tofu Hut has no problem with that. Ther servers are nice and they always remember what I want!!
5	First visit was p,easing. Especially enjoyed the chicken and spare ribs.
3	After visiting Sura so many times, we decided to give Tofu Hut a shot after a coworkers recommendation. In short, tofu is just the tip of the iceberg. This review is for the AYCE experience.AYCE is served differently here than most buffet style restaurants. Yes, it's all you can eat, however you place up to four orders of meat and they bring it out to you, which are actually perfectly portioned so you don't get charged for wasting items.Food wise, the food is fantastic. They bring you out six small appetizers to snack on while your meat arrived. We decided on the sliced ribeye, short ribs, beef tongue, brisket, and pork belly. All we satisfying. One of the things we wished we had was some kind of sauce (be it soy, tempura, teriyaki, anything) to dip our meat in. Granted, the natural flavors of the meats are great, however some of the meats other than the pre-marinated ones are lacking in seasoning. The downside, the service is awful. We only seen our waitress twice, and that was to drop off our water, and present the check. We were never asked for any soft drinks, beer, etc, and we had to order from another server when we wanted refills on our drinks, and to order more meat. We just sat there wanting to eat more, and it was a good fifteen minutes before we grabbed the attention of a friendly male waiter. I know most traditional inspired Asian restaurants aren't known for their service, however if I'm giving you my money, I want to at least be acknowledged from time to time!Decent experience, food was great, kind of overshadowed by lacking service. Oh well. Still full!
4	Went here once on a lunch with my co-workers, one of whom was Korean, and admittedly, his rapid, off-menu orders in korean probably helped make this lunch extra delicious. But I mean, it was already delicious. We totally went for the Korean Barbeque, and I can in no way speak to the quality of the tofu.The restaurant was clean, smelled wonderful from the moment you walked in, and the staff was all courteous, prompt without being lingery, and polite, even to those of us at the table that had a fairly difficult time pronouncing some of the korean dishes.Four of us had the all you can eat, beef shortribs, of which I ate an entire plate all on my fat little lonesome, beef tongue, and beef brisket. Because cows sliced as thinly as loose-leaf paper and then cooked on fire are delicious. I think we went through about 3 orders of each. We also had 2 steamed egg thingies, which were wonderful, and some sort of spicy-savory red bean condiment paste thing I didn't catch the name of.Pros: - The classic bite of salad-bite of rice- chunk of meat combo is just so salty-savory-umami wonderful, It's absolutely cravable. I've never had a preparation of the salad the way tofu hut does it, and it was awesome.- Beef tongue.- Clean restaurant, awesome wait staff- Really reasonable prices- I, the whitest person alive, was not offered a fork, since it was clear I had the chopstick thang down. Cons:- The atmosphere came off a little bit on the cafeteria side, which is not my favorite, but...eh, also the least important thing to me. - The proximity of tofu.Verdict: I will totally be back, though probably not ever for anything related to tofu.
4	I like this place. I like the atmosphere, food and the price. It's perfect late night hangout. The meat is not the best quality but when you are little drunk it does not matter. everything tastes good. I would recommend this place if you are on a tight budget like me and want to eat up! plus they are opened till 6AM. Thank you Tofu Hut.
4	My first time going there n it was amazing defiantly going twice a week!! Yum !!
2	First time back in a long time...It's either gotten worse, or I've learned of better KBBQ in town....or both!Wasn't a big fan of the meats truthfully...the only one that had flavor was the Marinated Pork Belly, and maybe the marinated chicken...the rest were a little boring and tough even after a quick sear.  Pic of the meats : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tofu-hut-las-vegas?select=zCo32peMlhCJI_0H7q1SUg#zCo32peMlhCJI_0H7q1SUgPic of the meats cookin' :  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tofu-hut-las-vegas?select=YuJt74AHAnh24_SqZNedLg#YuJt74AHAnh24_SqZNedLgThe banchan was ok.  Nothing really stood out, but the servings were plentiful.  When we ran out of kimchi, they resupplied quickly after a request.  Pic : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tofu-hut-las-vegas?select=vHznYxpqkzfUaFttHH7JUA#vHznYxpqkzfUaFttHH7JUAOnly half of the dining area has BBQ grills, so expect a wait.  Ours was about 30min, around 930pm on a weekday.  Not a big deal to me, just expect it.The only thing they really have going for them are the prices.  It's about $14 for AYCE during 10pm+, so they are almost half price of most places.  But unless you can't afford the extra few dollars out on the town, do yourself a favor and look elsewhere for KBBQ.
3	My friend told me if I want eat good tasty  Koran BBQ,Tofu Hut will be a good option.Finally  we went to try last week.Well, I have to say,it is a good deal for AYCE.
3	We have dined at this Korean restaurant several times either cooking on the tableside BBQs or ordering kitchen prepared entrees. This night we chose the latter, sharing orders of spicy chicken and bulgogi (grilled marinated beef). The entrees were very good, but the 6 banchans (side dishes) were largely forgettable. I also tried for the first time a cup of mushroom tofu soup that I did not find to my liking.  Prices are moderate when combined with a KSHP discounted gift certificate.
2	Ive been here for KBbq before and was not impressed. Today I came for soondubu ONLY because Mr. Tofu was closed and was still NOT impressed. At all. The tofu is all chopped up tiny and there arent really ANY vegetables in the soup either. The banchan doesnt seem that fresh either. If it's up to me I will not EVER be eating here again. It isnt HORRIBLE but it definitely isn't GOOD. Two stars cuz the food sucked but the staff was nice! GO TO MR. TOFU! NOM NOM NOM!
4	Love eating here! Gets busy around dinner time & wait time can be from 30 mins to an hour. Besides that once you're seated the servers bring the appetizers & meat out to you pretty fast. There's one server here whose name I should really get because he knows mine & my boyfriend's order by heart so as soon as we sit down the meat is at your table. That's what happens when you're regulars! Lol. I recommend the beef tongue, spicy pork belly & the short ribs! Super yummy & worth the $20 for all you can eat.
5	I love this place for both All you can eat BBQ and the Tofu Soup.  Best kimchi in town
3	I come here for the AYCE KBBQ. The meat here is better than most KBBQ place in Vegas for almost half the price.  They don't have much of a side order selection but the salad and the sides that come with the meal is good.  The only problem is that half the restaurant is for KBBQ so seating is very limited and it can take very long to get a table when it's busy.  The service is decent.  A server will come around now and then and ask if you want to order more but its hard to get their attention when they are  running around.
3	Basic Korean BBQ. AYCE is affordable.Service is okay.. I really like their salad!
4	I love that this place is open late.  I have come in to do the Korean BBQ before and have come in to just have some spicy tofu soup by itself as well.  Staff is always pleasant and pretty attentive.  I have never had any issues and tend to eat here once, every time I go to Vegas.There is a decent variety of meats to grill---and if you're feeling hungry, the all you can eat is the way to go.  I think the banchan varies greatly as it does at all other places, so these can be hit or miss.  The Korean BBQ gets pretty busy during the late nights so be prepared to wait----but since there is an all you can eat option, the wait is totally worth it.
4	I ate here yesterday around noon for the first time. Then came back again later that night cuz that's some bomb.com stuff. Salad is on point. I like how it's open late too. I usually get hungry after clubbing, so this is def a spot for me to go to.
3	Tofu Hut... we have a love hate relationship.Service is AWESOME most of the time but sometimes i feel like they forgot i was there.Meat quality isnt the best but for its price you cant really ask more.We always get the AYCE. Just brisket and pork belly. because everything else is meh... and dont even talk about the squid...i thought i was going to be seasoned...its not...they throw it on a plate and just give it to you...really?.... wow.. lolidk how or why i alway6s end up here but like i said.. its a love hate realtinshui[ lol
4	There is only one Korean BBQ place I go to here in Las Vegas that I really enjoy and it is Tofu Hut. The dumb question I asked, because this is a meat meat meat place, is why is it called Tofu Hut? Well, go in to the non-BBQ portion of the place and you will find out. The average price for AYCE during normal hours is $16.00 and  while late at night, the happy hour (10 PM - 3 AM) is priced at $13.99 which is fantastic.I always come here with friends and the food is always so delicious. We usually get the beef brisket, beef short ribs and the beef tongue. They are very generous with their portions of meat and they always help you change out the grill when they can see smoke polluting our smiles of indulgence. Not only is the meat delicious, but they provide you with the pleasant company of numerous side dishes and this AMAZING salad that I could practically eat myself, allll by myyyyselllf. Reviewing a place like this is somewhat tough, because you basically cook your own food. So no complaints on the meat being over or under cooked, that would be my fault if that were the case. I like the judge the place based on the quality of the meat and the cleanliness and this place, as far as I know, has always been really good with that. I've never looked at the meat and thought it wasn't fresh, because the meat is always fresh and marinated to perfection.The one thing that does prevent this place from the all mighty five stars is the service. Sometimes, I feel as if I'm an inconvenience to the people there. I'm not very needy, but if my grill is full of char, I'm going to request a new grill. You can often see the groans and the impatience, sometimes I'm almost forced out of there because the place is small. But in all honesty, I won't stop coming back to this place. It stays with you... as in you smell of Korean BBQ for the rest of the day until your next shower; which for some us, isn't soon enough.
3	The all-you-can-eat Korean BBQ is amazingly good and cheap.  Seating is limited and they only have a few tables with grills, which is a must with the BBQ.  The best thing about the BBQs is the additional Korean side dishes that come with it.  Doesn't look like much from the outside (or inside as well), but the food is authentic.
4	This is my go to AYCE Korean BBQ. Their meat is nicely marinated, their steamed egg is just delicious. We usually get the brisket and pork belly because the others are kind of ehh. I have a love/hate relationship with the service though. They're super nice, but sometimes they completely forget that we're there even when it isn't busy.Overall the price you pay for the AYCE is pretty good.
4	This is 1 place I actually like even though yelp only has 3 and a half stars for it. This is a Korean BBQ spot to hit up if your in Vegas. You can order by entree or if your feeling adventurous you can cook your own meat. Like most people we want the food to arrive cooked. I ordered the bulgogi and short rib both dishes were amazing. Bulgogi is my favorite Korean dish. If you never had it, it's shredded like beef seasoned with Korean seasonings. Our entrees came with 5 or so side dishes like pickled tofu, beansprouts, kimchee and other goodies.
5	13.99 ayce. Or 16.99 if you want egg + short rib. I always order marinated pork and chicken grill them together, ask for jalepenos, onion and garlic to grill with it. The salad and kimchee I mix with the egg and rice and it's awesome. Great value and great food. It's always packed so expect a wait.
3	Well what can I say about this place.... Its not that bad. But not worth going again...The food was alright but the service could be a lot better... At most kbbq joints, I never had to ask for a bowl of rice to go with the meat I cook. They did not replace the grill until we had to pull someone aside (which is hard to do) just to do it. Whenever my husband wanted to ask for something they walk by as if there were no hands raised over anything. Now I'm not going to pull out no race card (even though we were the only *cough* *black* people there in the entire restaurant) but everyone else seemed to have been taken care of more than we were. (Sigh) it doesn't matter... I won't dwell on that.Overall, the food was good but it wasn't ALL THAT. Soju and beer was great! I would prefer to spend my money elsewhere for Kbbq... Or I wouldn't mind going again if they would have better service....
4	I've been here a couple times, especially during late hours when I want a bite to eat. I enjoy their beef tongue and their brisket. The service is okay, the workers can look a bit angry but I think that's just how they are. Other than that, the food is good and cheap. If you leave a lot of left overs, they can charge you a lot. So be careful and if you want just a little more, ask for only a little otherwise you won't be able to finish it all and be charged extra.If you're planning to eat here after 10, expect to wait about half an hour for a seat because it gets pretty packed.
2	Contrary to the name... This place offers limited tofu/Veg options.The service was mediocre and bland. We were never acknowledged when we entered, no one checked to see how the food was....We left feeling empty....  Both in service and quality
4	Because my mom is an amazing cook and restauranteur, her food has become the very high benchmark to which I compare all Korean restaurants. That being said, there are no restaurants in this valley that surpass or even meet that level. However, when I do want Korean food and my mom isn't here, Tofu Hut is very comforting.What brings me here is their Soon Dubu Jjigae (soft tofu soup). The type of tofu that is used in this particular soup is difficult to purchase non-commercially, so soups made at home will not be able to mimic this silky offering. The flavors are so delicious and indescribable. You can also choose the type of soup you want like Kimchee or Seafood, changing the overall flavor of the dish. I always go with Pork because I think its flavor really transforms the broth to something amazing. The spice level can also be chosen (don't let the red color scare you, it's a non-spicy spice they use). The best part? It's around $10 for the meal! It comes with a bowl of rice and unlimited Pan Chan (side dishes).When I dine with certain people, I will also do the AYCE BBQ. It's not my favorite thing, but for $17, it's pretty awesome! My favorite cuts of meat to order are Beef Tongue, Brisket, and Marinated (Spicy) Pork. They give you the traditional sesame oil/salt mixture to dip your unseasoned meat in and a refreshing salad of cabbage and romaine lettuce. It's a modern twist on the traditional Korean dining method of wrapping the meat and rice in lettuce leaves called Sang Chu Ssam. I thought it was weird at first, but I've really grown to like it! Bonus: Soon Dubu Jjigae is only $5 with your AYCE meal! Score!!Expect a wait during busy times for AYCE since it's only available on one side of the restaurant. Fortunately, the longest I've waited was about 15-20 minutes.
4	Looking for a late night spot to fill your craving for some kbbq? Look no further than Tofu hut. This is the go to place for kbbq for my group of friends and I.16.99 from opening till 10pm13.99 from 10pm to 3am The food here is not bad, the meat, depending on which one you choose, is usually frozen unless it is marinated. The marinade they use is good but like any marinated kbbq causes the grill to toast over. The meat is fresh and is yummy when it's really late. Finally, the sides that come with the food are good. The service is there is hit or miss. Some days it is really good and others it was a bit lackluster. This is understandable, people have their good days and their bad days. They are very quick in taking your order and brining your order out.Overall not a bad place to grab some late night kbbq, I know you can find me there after my work for some late night munchies.
4	I'm a bit late with writing this review.  I was last there a few weeks ago, but I'm also a frequenter of this place. You can simply not go wrong here.  Korean Short Ribs are one of my favorite things in the world and can eat them without getting full, but that's just me.If I recall it's like $16.99 for all you can eat Short Ribs.  The ribs are soooo tasty, the service is great and all the accoutrement they bring with your meal are delicious!I also love that this place is open super late.  I've been to a few other Korean BBQ places in that area and they honestly didn't hold a candle it.  The only other ones I liked better were ones you had to pay a good $10 more for.So again, for the price and quality you get here, you can't  go wrong at all.My only tip to those who have never been to a Korean BBQ place before is to not wear clothes you plan to have on for the rest of the night.  Since you are cooking right in front you, you will smell like the fumes after.
5	Good Korean BBQ place. A bit less expensive than others... I like their sreamed egg, bigger serving. My family enjoys good eats, and they surely enjoyed this place...
5	Really nice people. Great service. After 10 pm, the cheapest and the best AYCE korean bbq I've ever had. This might be a really simple review, but it's just that good. Grab some soju and a couple bottles of Hite and it only makes the experience better. Thumbs up.
5	You can't beat the 13.99 price! The japchai is godly. Bean paste soup is delicious. The marinated rib eye, beef tongue, and pork belly is to die for. You will not regret coming to this meat paradise.
3	The food is really good and the price is pretty good for all you can eat! However its kinda dirty and small so you would have to wait in a long line if it gets busy.
4	I've come to tofu hut at least a handful of times and finally decided to write a review because I feel like it's such a hidden gem.Just on the outskirts of chinatown, tofu hut kind of sneaks up on you.  It's an all you can eat korean bbq for just around $17/person. Ladies, if you're entertaining your guy friends from out of town and don't want to spend a bunch of money going dutch take them here! The short ribs and ribeye are outstanding and they serve all kinds of small plates (kim chi, potato cake, bean curd, seaweed, rice, and salad) with your meal.  I don't know what it is about the salad but it's delicious.  Overall, even if the meal was ten dollars more the quality is still excellent.The only reason I can't give this place a fifth star is because service is never really that great.  Always just kind of so-so and seating is always a hassle.  Tip for first timers: try to wear something light that you can cover up later because of the heat and fumes from the grill since you are cooking right in front of you.I didn't know they were open late until reading others' reviews but know that I do I'll be stopping by more often!
5	Don't waste your time at any other Korean BBQ. Best appetizers and the best price. Only thing that sucks is that you might have to wait for a BBQ table, but it's worth it!
4	Takes a long time to clean up table. But its understandable cos grill is hot n need cool down, i suppose. The price is really good but the meat, especially the short ribs are not tender. I would not be a regular here, just because the smell afterward in your clothes is horrific, we suppose plan go Hakasan  right after dinner. But once i get in the car, that BBQ smell is just a turn off. So word of advice is that make sure your next stop is shower lol.I wish there is a 3.5 start, because that is what it earned.
5	Everyweek my co workers and i always eat here sometimes twice a week or once. $15 All you can eat KBBQ where else can you find this? No need to ask for refills our server does it automatically! GOODJOB!
5	This place never disappoints. As frequent diners, the marinated ribeye is superb! We usually also get brisket and beef tongue. We shy away from the chicken thighs because it takes too long to cook and tends to be dry. The salad is incredible and so are all of the sides! The price after 10pm decreases to only 13.99$ for AYCE, which is a great price for how much you get. The only downside is they close at 3AM with a last call at 2, and there can be a wait on busy days since seating with grills are limited. But nonetheless, extremely recommended as our favorite Korean BBQ place in Vegas!
4	I love this place!! I just wish it was bigger or less busy so there wouldn't be a wait when I want to go.  Sometimes the wait is over 30 minutes and I just can't be hungry that long.  However, when we do eat here it's amazingggggggg! I LOVE the green salad they bring plus all the sides.  It is the best Korean bbq in town that I have tried!  Meats are delicious! All you can eat is fine, I like it for all the sides you get.  I don't have a need for all you can eat but it is a nice option.
3	Came here for all you can eat Korean BBQ and we were not too impressed.The location is in the Chinatown area off of Spring Mountain. Parking lot is on the side of the restaurant and there is amble spaces.The restaurant itself was not busy when we arrived but it was when we left. I don't think this location is worth a wait for Korean BBQ due to not enough tables with a grill and service lacked.Came here with a group of three. Prices were typical for all you can eat.They do not have teriyaki sauceThey do not have any iced tea.The meats were marinated pretty good and decent quality too.Service was not the best for us.This was our first visit here and I think we will be trying different Korean BBQ restaurants before we come back to this place again.
4	In my opinion, the food here isn't that good, sometimes even bland. But to me, this isn't that place where you come here expecting great food and service. You come here when you just finished partying and it's 12:47 at night, you come here when your friend is feeling bummed out and you want to treat him, or just to catch up with a group of friends you haven't seen in awhile. It's that type of place. They just recently remodeled to some more modern furniture so that's pretty nice to see. The place is located on spring mountain right off the i-15 it can be really easy to miss so just keep your eye out. If you come here on during the day you should have no problem finding a table. But coming in at night is a different story. Expect a min. of a 40 minute wait. And no you can't make reservations haha.The service here can be very different at times. But lately they have been on top of it. Sometimes you have to raise your hand to be get some attention. Don't expect top notch service.Waiting for food isn't a problem, when you order they usually get it out within a few minutes. Top priorities should be bulgogi, pork belly, and brisket. They don't have it on their menu but you can ask for rice! For the taste, nothing is really note worthy all just average tasting food.PRO TIP! Call in to see how long their wait is, if it's too long for you just go to another place to eat. Instead of being surprise when you get there and saying what a waste of gas it was too come.If I could change something about this place I wish they would just expand their place already! The waits are too dam long.
3	This ayce bbq place is average. Good price for good food, nothing great. The bulgolgi could have had more flavor. Service was ok but since it was busy it was hard to flag down the two servers when we needed things. The AYCE is $18.30 per person with tax I did see that they did have a special AYCE  price after 10pm for $13something
4	I believe I have found my new Korean BBQ place in Tofu Hut. The simplicity of this place makes this an enjoyable place for me and whoever I come to this place with.The dinner price is about $17 bucks and includes all the items on the all you can eat menu and about $14 after 10 P.M. The extra items you get for the extra three dollars are the short ribs and the steamed eggs. The short ribs I would say is well worth it because that is my favorite meat on the menu personally. The egg is good as well, but it's not as special as the short ribs. I do really enjoy the bulgogi (marinated sliced ribeye), the brisket, and the short rib the most, but the pork belly and chicken thigh are good as well. The meats have been fresh every time I have visited and so I haven't had any problems there. The rest of the food are served with various side dishes and you can ask for that, as well as salad and rice when you run out of those things. The service is adequate, but sometimes it feels like they see your hand, but they just ignore you just cause. They do bring you your meat and whatever else you ask for in due time. The food is good, and the only way the food sucks is if you suck at cooking, so don't suck at cooking. I recommend this place for anyone that wants to get a Korean BBQ fix in the area, especially late night.
3	The good thing about Tofu Hut is that you can get a cheap meal late at night. $14 from 10pm-2am or $17 any other time. My friends and I had dinner and drinks prior to coming here. There was no other reason for us to be here other than we were craving Korean BBQ. I can eat pretty much every hour since I'm always hungry. There were some empty tables at 1am which is why it didn't make sense to me to have to wait for a table. There were 2 guys before us waiting for a table.We got our ban chan which were pretty tasty. But their meat selections were pretty limited. We got the marinated rib eye, pork belly and brisket. There's an AYCE Korean BBQ place that has rib eye not too far away from TH and I like theirs better. So, I was a bit disappointed with TH's rib eye...it wasn't tasty for being marinated and it's not that tender. You can't go wrong with brisket since it's super quick to cook and it's good stuff. Pork belly - we kept ordering this. They have a limit of 4 orders and at least 2 people need to do AYCE. You mean, if I sleep eat they won't serve me anything? Well, booooo!!!
3	Fact: if you have upwards of 18 tables in your dining room and 2 servers, one of whom is manning the cash register, you DO NOT need to be Asian to do the math that this is not enough people to manage the operation. I came in right before Christmas with the fam bam because nothing says "holiday cheer" like a hot bowl of tofu. Of all the tofu premises around Vegas we usually frequent Tofu Hut for the below: + Consistency+ Flavor+ Prices (& lunch specials M-F, excluding holidays)Here are the things you will have to wait for: - Seating- Ban chan- Water. Hot tea. Beverages in general.- Having your order taken.- Your check. So another math lesson: 3 pros for 5 cons is muy malo. However, when your pros outweigh the cons, what can you do but come back for what is otherwise a solid tofu fixing? If you can't beat 'em, join 'em.
5	Iove eating here, it's definitely worth $14 after 10pm! AMBIANCE: 5 - small, limited seating in grill area! restaurant area usually always open! it's always clean and they revamped their waiting area with wooden benches! usually always busy with people! SERVICE: 5 - usually fast towards the beginning and slow towards the end! lol but don't you just hate it when they turn up your heat so you leave faster?! hahahaFOOD: 5 - hot dam, meat is so good! Try the brisket salted with the oil mixture they give you (not even sure if I'm using anything right but it's delicious!!) their side dishes are so good! it's just worth every penny! it makes me wonder why fast food exists when you could just spend $14 eating here!
4	$13.99 after 10pm & it's worth it! (10pm-2am) [[$16.99 Anytime]]Went with a few friends (4 of us), each paid $15 -no tip added to final price- but still had to tip a few bucks as I work in the tip business.90 minutes to eat and I have no problem with that because I was waiting for an open table for awhile before I got to sit.CONS: With the amount of people serving tables. It is a wait just to get your next plate and sometimes had to remind them for the next round.Still a place I would eat if I was hungry late at night.
4	Yeah, I would say "Hut" is a good word to describe this place. It is kind of small for being a Korean Barbeque joint. Here's the deal. When you first come in, the left half of the restaurant is designated for AYCE while the right half is for a la carte. Make sure to sign in so you can have your place in line. Don't forget to include the time you signed in along with the number in your party.I would say you got room for about 48 people total in the whole restaurant. So on really busy days, you just might be waiting a while to sit down.The day I went, we had total of 16 for our party. Surprisingly, we were seated after waiting about 30 minutes. Not bad for a party of our size.So here's the low down if AYCE is your option.- You need a minimum of two people to pick this option so if you are going solo, then a la carte is your only option.- $16.99 per person any time. $13.99 from 10 pm to 2 am.- No to go or take home. (Duh!)- Don't be afraid to ask for refills on any of your sides because there is no extra charge.- You must eat all the meat that you order or you will be charged extra.As for the meats, I was pleasantly surprised, especially the marinated items like brisket, ribeye, and pork. The sides were good as well from the kimchi all the way to the salad, which is very solid. The salad itself I can eat all day.Service was fast and furious, which would of made Paul Walker proud (may he Rest In Peace) for our party was eating like there was no tomorrow. I was impressed because not only did they keep up with our demands, but all our waters were constantly refilled. So TH, I will definitely mention you if anybody asks about ACYE Korean Barbeque.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #5
5	My only qualm is that it isn't open 24 hours!The salad is great, the sides are amazing, the meat is tasty and fresh, the service is fast!I feel as they need to expand because there are never enough tables.I usually order 4 orders of the marinated ribeye, 1 order or the beef tongue, and one order of the brisket.The price is more affordable then most places also.$13.99 after 10. $16.99 any other time.
4	If you are look for a good place to eat at Vegas and it is after 10:00PM this is the place to go. You would want to come with an empty stomach since this place is a All You Can Eat Korean BBQ. I dare you to come out of this place not smelling like Korean BBQ. So if you plan to go to a party after you might wanna bring a change of clothes. If this is your first time trying Korean BBQ let me tell you that the smell will linger on your clothes and hair. This is an AYCE location starting at 10:00pm-2:00am and it only cost $18-20 depending on the tipping amount. This is a great deal since NYC prices are outrageous of this type of food. Along with the Korean BBQ meat that you order it comes with Banchan. Banchan are small tradition Korean side dishes such as kimchee, bean sprout, fish cake, pancake etc. If these dishes run out you can always ask for more. I am used to my basket of fresh lettuce but instead they served chop lettuce with some dressing. This is a complete shock to me, maybe the basket of fresh lettuce is a NYC thing. The basket of fresh lettuce here is served like a salad with a fresh sesame dressing. I will recommend  this brisket, marinated pork belly and sliced sliced rib-eye. I will stay away from the squid because it comes really elastic when it is cooked. The marinated pork belly was my favorite because it comes with so much favor. Keep in mind that this place does not change the Korean BBQ grill. Since the pork belly is marinated the grill turns black quicker and they will not replace it until you finish the dinner. The restaurant is split into two parts. When you walk in the left side is for Korean BBQ quest. They have 6 tables that can seat 4 people each and 3 long table that can hold at least 8 individuals. The right side are for guest who do not want to eat Korean BBQ but just want Korean food. The only reason this place lost a star is because of service and the wait. I came at 10:03pm and had to wait for an hour to get seated. The service is slow and they seem like zombies. When the table before us finish eating it took 10 minutes to clean the table and when the table was clean the waitress did not call us until another 10 minutes has passed. So the turn around rate for the table is around 20 minutes because they lack the help. Since only two people are working it takes a lot longer for wait and the meat to come out. If they hired more help this place would have earn five stars. Hint: When you walk in place your name, time you came in and number in your party on that sheet of paper near the door. This place get pack after 10:15pm!
4	Nice price for ayce korean bbq.  Small little shop with good list of cuts to choose from.I first discovered this place with my friend since we haven't found a decent ayce bbq place.  First attraction was the price.  Two different prices they have to offer and I prefer to go late night.  A lot of people like the marination meats, but I prefer simple fast cooking meats.  Load up on brisket and sliced rib.  Easy to cook and easy to see if they are cooked properly.  Don't want to consume undercooked meat.  I enjoyed the service here, very fast pace and on top of bringing us what we asked for.  I did try the intestines, but no taste.  Very hard to swallow.  The condiments that they offer is wonderful, always like the steamed egg.  I didn't enjoy the bean soup very much, not too much flavor.  Place gets very packed so coming early is recommended.  There is a menu selection that folks can choose instead of doing ayce.
4	Been going here for years! AYCE Korean BBQ for decent price! Lots of sides and  varieties of meats to choose from!Place is ALWAYS so packed! Especially dinner time and later! They're open til 3am.. Sometimes they close earlier.. So this is the place to eat at if you're trying to sober up! ;)Brisket, pork belly and steamed egg are my favorite!! One bad thing about this place is service could be more consistent..
4	I love tofu hut.I've been here many times.Overall it is my favorite AYCE KBBQ place.They have my favorite kimchi and salad ban chan.Their decor, Service, and meat is actually improving. Although they offer a late night special on AYCE the best meat isn't offered so go for the $16.99 option.My one gripe is the service is really lacking.They don't come around much, they hardly refill drinks, they hardly bring around napkins, they don't seem to like when you request a banchan refill. That last part is most annoying. I admit it is a hit or miss. It really just depends on the time and who is working.I first noticed this annoyance when dining at Sura. They are buffet style yet their servers come come around so much! They refill and check on you more than Tofu Hut and that is just disappointing for Tofu Hut.
4	Nice place to go always busy. I was craving kalbi and tofu soup so I went here. They have great combination and I was so excited . After all it was Chinese New year. The waiter and waitress was attentive too. Their side dishes  were awesome. I asked and exchanged one of my side dish  and they said, Ok. I was happy and I had a great lunch.
4	This is my go to place for kbbq. I mean it's probably the cheapest in town. Also, after 10pm it's only $15. That's $3 cheaper than it normally is. I usually get brisket, pork belly, and beef tongue. They're all so good and they go well with the free side dishes that you get with your meal! This place is usually always packed with a long wait after 10 PM so watch out!
4	Cheap AYCE kbbq? I'm sold. I usually come here after 10 for the late night special ($15 per person). Be warned the wait can be very very long but it is definitely worth it.I love their brisket, pork belly, and beef tongue. Sometimes I get a plate of marinated rib eye or marinated pork belly, but I generally stick to the brisket.
5	Just ate here last night for the first time; WOW is all I can say. We ordered a fantastic, semi spicy soup and were offered the Egg Drop right in front of you, definitely the way to go. There were three of us and we ordered some Beef Short Ribs and the spicy shredded beef (I forget the name of it). Both of those were stellar, as was the selection of Kimchi and other sides they brought out. For three of us, we had a feast of food for about $45 and it was amazing. They had a limited selection of Beer, Sake, and Soju, but good prices on what they did have. Great place to grub late night, will definitely be back soon.
4	The short rib was so greaaaat! Try the spicy chicken as well. The tofu was so-so. I came around 7 pm for dinner and just had to wait for 5 mins to seat. Overall, it's highly recommended!
3	This was my first korean bbq experience and I wasnt blown away, but I also wasnt dissapointed. It is a great value for the all you can eat! My favorite was the marinated rib-eye, it had great flavor.
4	Took my kids here for an early dinner and their first try at Korean BBQ.  We had the AYCE for $16.99 and ordered the short ribs, brisket, marinated pork belly, and rib eye.  We had no wait, probably because it was only 4:15 when we got there.  By the time we left a line was starting to form.The grills and tables were clean.  The vent did an okay job at pulling the smoke away but we still walked out smelling of BBQ.  Not a bad thing really.  The portions were just right.  I was worried because the service was ... lackluster to say the least.  So I didn't want to be waiting forever for each round of meat.  The meats were tasty, tender, and flavorful.  My younger son thought some of the banchan and the marinated pork belly was too spicy but he that is normal.All in all, we'll be back.  Just wish the service was better about refilling drinks, taking away empty plates, etc.
3	I love the tofu soups they taste amazing! It was little spicy for me.I give the food a 5 star Service 1 star.But the service is horrible.  They didn't fill our water and when we paid they were surprised we paid with a large bill.I'll go back but only to the sister store Don.
4	I really like coming to Tofu Hut. Their food is always delicious and so very satisfying.Tofu Hut is popular for their late night ayce special, but I would like to note that I am not reviewing for that, my family and I usually just sit at a regular table because there is never any wait time for the cooking tables.My family and I ate here last night and we had a good dining experience. Normally their kim chee is lovely, but last night is was way too spicy and my water was not getting filled up fast enough. All of the other side dishes were marvelous, though. Last night, my favorite was the Jab Che. Everyone at my table ordered the Kalbi plates. Last night my Kalbi was sooo tender! I finished everything! Oh, we also ordered the Barbeque salad, and I felt that too was also a tad but spicier than usual. Other than the spice, everything tasted great, like it always does.Tofu Hut is a great spot for having some great food! Definitely choose to sit at a regular table if you want to avoid waiting.
5	This place is awesome!!! I mean $17 for all you can eat Korean BBQ! Must try the beef tongue! Sounds weird and crazy, but it's really good- and it cooks fast too! Squid is also delicious! Order the short ribs first and then dip the squid in the short ribs marinate.
4	So sooo good! 16.00 bucks a piece and my friend and I ate like queens. Delicious meat and rice and salad. Recommend it for sure.
4	This is an inexpensive quality Korean restaurant w/a big menu.  Soups, short ribs, barbeque chicken, buckwheat noodles and generous side dishes mean you never leave hungry.  Easy access location and good service at all hours keep me returning,  All you can eat option is a bargain.
5	They have all you can eat and regular dine in. Before realizing they had the AYCE, we would always come and order 2 soups (tofu + veggies, tofu + beef) and the kalbi short ribs-- our absolute faves! We finally waited one day for the AYCE and haven't returned back to regular diners. Yes, there's almost always a wait but it's well worth it. Service can be kind of slow but with the amount of guests, it's fairly reasonable. The quality of meats and foods is good enough to satisfy your Korean BBQ cravings! Love this place!
4	My boys now love Korean BBQ.  Since one is a teenager, AYCE is the only way to go.  This visit was better.  Same time, 4pmish on a weekday, but only one other table was occupied.We had the rib eye, brisket, pork belly, beef tongue, and two orders of kalbi.  The servers were a little more attentive, and were great at bringing out refills and clearing plates.  They also refilled the banchan when we asked.
3	I always come here during lunch because they have good specials on the tofu soup! It's cheap, delicious & comes with a lot of food! And usually the service is quick- not too long of a wait.However, I ate here for dinner the other night and the wait was ridiculously long! It was just a party of 2 but we waited over an hour. What made me angry was the fact that there were seats open!! There were at least 4 tables open but they didn't fill those up. They made us wait an hour and they finally sat us- at the table that was open this entire time!!! We did the all you can eat and it was only $16.99. Lots of food & it was good~ love their short ribs!!It's good, cheap food but you just have to wait a looooong time!
4	This place is always packed! Huge portions and for how short staffed they are pretty good customer service! Not the biggest selection, sad there was no bulgogi but gets the job done. It's $16.99 for ayce and after 10 on it is 13.99!
5	Best Korean BBQ in Vegas. Love their marinated pork belly and squid. Their salad is addicting. Staff is friendly. Can be a longwait on weekend nights, but that's to be expected. My go to Korean BBQ spot!
5	The tofu soup and the korean bbq is really yummy!  When I am in Vegas visiting family I always want to make a trip here!  Reasonably priced too.  I am getting hungry thinking about it!
4	Although the wait was long, the food was definitely worth it. It is open until 2AM for those who would love to indulge their need for some good Korean BBQ. I would highly recommend ribeye and brisket. Its always fun grilling up fresh, delicious meat at your table. . While also enjoying the side dishes provided !
4	FIRST TIME TOFU EXPERIENCE!  My first time eating here and I will definitely comeback You have to get the spicy chicken also Not bad for my first time
2	horrible service, the line was 20minutes long even though there were open tables. they made us switch seats just because we can't just get one order of meat. they said you're not allowed to order just one plate of meat which makes no sense.
2	Once in, we got seated at the non-BBQ section and then they changed their minds and decided to seat us at the BBQ side, which we had to wait 10 min to get seated. Once seated on the BBQ side, our waitress then move us back to the Non-BBQ side. Huh??We got seated, and the waitress brought is 3 glasses of water and disappeared. I had to go to the front desk to ask for menus... Then she took our order and another 20 min later, we were waving our hands to get the waitress's attention, but they walked past us at least 5 times. We finally got our ban chan after the 20 minute mission of trying to get her attention. 10 minutes after that, our food came.I ordered the mushroom soondubu, which was basically all tofu. I counted exactly three mushrooms... I had to take half of the tofu out of the soup but it was still just tofu. Don't get me wrong, I am a big fan of tofu, but I thought I ordered tofu SOUP.. Not just tofu.My friend ordered kimchi jjigae, which was ok.. You can't really go wrong with the simplest Korean dish. She also ordered chadol (beef brisket), which was over-cooked and chewy, so we sent it back. My other friend ordered dwenjang jjigae, which was alright, but didn't really taste like dwenjang jjigae. Next we asked our server for some napkins, and he brings us one napkin... Lol is this some kind of joke?!I didn't expect to eat amazing Korean food in Vegas, but I didn't expect the food to be so foul. Horrible food. Horrible service. I vow to never step foot in Tofu Hut.. More like unappetizing tofu cardboard box.
1	I'm not entirely happy with going to this place this time around. Service was awful and had to get the waitress' attention just to ask for something. The food was tasty at the time but now my stomach hurts. I wonder if they even got an A from the health department.
1	Beware!!! As numerous other reviewers have mentioned about their poor service, poor quality of meats, dirty establishment, etc...  This place was shut down due to numerous violations 2 weeks ago. Staff are not trained properly and do not have any common sense. Seating is first come first serve even on waiting list. A 2 person group will be seated at an 8 person table while a group of 6 (2nd on list) will be left waiting for next available. Meanwhile, 3 groups of 4 ppl are left waiting for the 6 to be seated first before they can sit at one of the many empty and available tables.  Gratuity is automatically added to the bill if you are on the bbq side, even though it is not specifically mentioned anywhere. Will not be returning.
3	I love this place for the tofu soup. It is fast, hot, satisfying, and inexpensive. I have been going here for about 4 years now. I also like that they bring out a "pupu" tray of appetizers, like potato pancakes and kimchee to snack on as you wait.
2	The bbq was moderate, however, the service is horrible. Our server was definitely either having a bad day or Hayes his job. :\
4	I just ate here yesterday and I enjoyed it! I read the reviews on here and decided to go around 3pm to avoid rush time, we were the only ones besides another table in the restaurant so there was no problem with service; however, our server seemed a little spacy and forgot to re-light our grill after we asked a couple times when the flame went out. We ordered short ribs which were tender and tasty, I also ordered squid which was okay but hey it's just plain squid so it's okay. The ribeye was tender and I enjoyed the texture. You get to cook the food yourself so it's up to you how long you want to cook it so no waiting and waiting and waiting for it to come out. The sides went great with the meat as we had white rice, kimchi, salad, and some kind of clear sauce to dip the meat in which actually improved the taste, I should have asked what it is but I didn't bother. I would recommend coming early to avoid rush time as I did.
1	I've had several different Korean BBQs. I wasn't feeling this one. The table we had had poor ventilation and I got smoked out and I got so hot I didn't feel like eating. That and none of the food really had any flavor to speak of. There are better options in the area.
4	An excellent and affordable (AYCE $16.95) DIY Korean BBQ joint. I'm sorry Sura, but I think I like this place a little better. For the most part, the cuts of the meat are great. The beef tongue, brisket, and ribs have great meat to fat ratio. Although, one time the tongue had no fat and we ended up with charred rubber-like disks...but oh well. My favorite part of the meal are the little banchan plates that accompany the hot meat so damn well. Kimchi, cucumbers, bean sprouts, fish cakes, and noodles are given. The plain looking shredded salad surprised me the most. It's laced with delicious vinaigrette and it's so good, I want the recipe now!
3	A La Carte menu:I've been to Tofu Hut plenty of times before and no other Korean place I've went to had tofu soup comparable to this place. Sometimes salty, but nonetheless distinctive. I usually order the Bulgogi combination and Short Rib combination which are about $13-14 each including soups and sides. For the price, the food is quite a bit and enough to get a group of three to four full which is great. I tend to finish up the sides too. Rice cake, noodles, spiced cucumbers, kimchi, beans sprouts-yummy.Downsides?:Bulgogi was overcooked this time I went... not too much of a biggie because the short ribs were perfect. The biggie was customer service. When I asked one of the employees politely for a refill of a side, she walked right past me without acknowledging me, then returned later just taking the dish without saying anything or looking at me. She quickly came back with a refill but I found it rather rude not being acknowledged at all...as if I wasn't there. Not cool. Overall, service is inconsistent every time I head here. Depends on server of course, but everyone on Yelp knows I love friendly people and tip generously for it. For Tofu hut, I realized not to expect much from staff anymore.I like eating here for quick fix Korean. If it wasn't for my affinity towards the soup here, I'd prefer the ambiance and experience at Soyo (located Rainbow Blvd/Warm Springs)
2	Came here with my Family for the first time a few weeks ago. I was definitely not impressed. We sat in the section where you get to grill your own food, ordered just about every type of meat on the menu as it was four of us, we were hungry, and we wanted to try everything. I honestly cant remember one thing that I thought was good. The meat was so bland and tasteless! The sides were not very good either. It could be that I am just not used to this type of food but in my opinion it was not very good at all. Mind you I was HUNGRY when I went here.  My family did not care for it either and we all agreed we would most likely never return.
1	I specifically made a yelp account to write a review for this restaurant. I used to be frequent at tofu hut before they got shut down. I finally went back today after they reopened. I will RECOMMEND EVERYONE to stay away from here so they can straighten out their defects. Horrifyingly found a BUG in one of my side dish. A Rolly Polly to be exact. I should've learned my lesson when they closed the first time.
4	Price is good. Food is great! BBQ ribs too fatty for my taste but really tasty. Been here twice and will be back for more. It is always packed! Gave it 4 stars because the wait is long to get a table at the eat all you can eat tables.
2	This place is very small. I had to wait for 1hr to be seated.  The food was not the best because the grill was not working. I think I ate raw pork and chicken because the grill was messed up. There was so much smoke coming from our grill that they didn't brother to fix it after we were done eating raw meat. Place was too small and not worth going even if the price was cheap.
1	Why is this place still open? It is disgusting, unsanitary, and just plain G-R-O-S-S! Not only did they close down a few weeks ago because the Health Department gave them 52 DEMERITS.. 52!?!?! WOW. I'm baffled that this place is STILL open after that short restaurant closure to "clean up" after their mess.Okay.. surprisingly this place USED to be good back in the day when there was a different owner around 2009? After that.. this place should just call it quits.The last time I went here was back in 2012. I was excited because I have not been to Tofu Hut since then. When I walked in with my friend, we didn't have anyone to greet us. We stood there for a few minutes before someone came out. Whoever the lady was, was just so rude! She came out and pointed at us and said to sit anywhere. We sat at a table near the front area so they can see where we sat. After another 5 minutes, no one came by to greet us and give us a menu. I had to walk up to ask for the menu. The lady again just pointed to the corner of the table where the menus were for me to grab myself. HORRIBLE SERVICE ALREADY! At this point, I was getting really upset. When someone came by to take our orders, I did not want to get the "AYCE" k-bbq. I was in a time crunch and all I wanted was to eat bulgogi (shredded beef) and the house salad. I guess it was my mistake.. I should have cooked my own meat. When the meat came out.. it looked pale already. I didn't think of it then because I thought the food would taste as good as it did when I ate there last. I ate the beef.. and it tasted a little funky. I wasn't sure if it was supposed to taste like that. The beef tasted like it was soaked in beer.. literally.. it tasted like old beer and that it was soaked in it for hours. I thought thats how it was supposed to taste like.. I gave some to my friend to taste and she spit it right out! She said it was old and spoiled meat. Wow... was I too late or what?! I tried hiding the taste with the bland and OLD house salad. After I realized that it wasn't supposed to taste like that, I decided to just leave and get my check. I was so unhappy and STILL hungry that I just wanted to leave and not waste my time at all.Later on that day... I started throwing up and my ass sat on my toilet for hours... I had FOOD POISONING from Tofu Hut!!!!! I was so upset and felt so disgusted. Ugh!I have NEVER been back since and when I ask a few of my friends, they all have experienced bad quality of food and bad service.I know.. you may think that it has been 2 years since.. and that I should give it another try. Well.. after they re-opened a few weeks ago since their 52 demerits.... one of my really close friends went to eat there with her boyfriend and she found a BUG in her dish! Not just a small bug... but a big bug and she didn't even know what it was! EEEEEEWWWW! After she told me that.. I then knew that I will NEVER go back to this place.If you want bad food service, then go here. If you want nasty, bad quality food, then go here. If you want bugs in your food, go here. If you want to get sick, then this is the place to be. This place doesn't even DESERVE a star. NO STARS FOR TOFU HUT!
1	I am going to defer to the review of Melissa Y, who says it all:What is the big fuss? And Why is this place still open?As many who have read my reviews know, my wife is Korean, and we are picky about our Korean BBQ. This place is not worth the time and trouble to cross the street and park here.The quality is really poor, the place is dirty, and they seem to have an attitude.I could say more negetive things, but it would be pointless.Drive further down Spring Mountain, and give Korean Garden BBQ a try. Much better quality, better service, and oh, it's very clean.
4	I've been coming here for a decade and I love it. Ya I know they were closed down but what restaurant hasn't. Lol. But since the. They really renovated and cleaned up the place. The tofu soup is my fav. And AYCE Korean BBQ is great. Especially for 16.99 just make sure you don't go anywhere except a shower afterwards unless you like smelling like BBQ. Minus one star because the bathroom is still disgusting and they only have 2 high chairs.
1	I will never go to this place again. The quality of food is very poor and the servis is terrible. I wound not recommend this horrible place.
1	This place gets my vote for the worst KBBQ experience ever. The meats were awful and poor quality. Also worth mentioning is their horrible banchan. It was not fresh nor did it taste good. I usually ask for seconds or thirds when it comes to banchan too. It made me really miss the L.A. KBBQ joints. The soon tofu was extremely, uncomfortable spicy! It gave me really bad heartburn. I can handle spicy food too.
4	Great Korean BBQ for the price. We stuffed ourselves. The staff was friendly and helpful. They were busy and we had to wait, but it was well worth it. Lots of friendly folks come here to dine. Short ribs were awesome. I met the owner at Busy Buggy while he was getting his tire fixed. He was really nice and told me about his restaurant and I told him I would check it out. I am really glad I stumbled upon this place. Will come again. He also owns an all you can eat sushi place across the street I am looking forward to eating at.
1	Waitress/hostess is horrible.  I asked her in Korean how long the wait was and she COMPLETELY ignored me.  I am used to bad service in Korean restaurants but this is first time a waitress did not even make eye contact.  Food is average.   Wait was long but only because they only have 6 tables with grills.  It definitely is not because of their food.
2	Wow, worst service ever.Friend recommended this place because of how good the food is. Turns out, he's right. The food is pretty good. They had marinated ribeye slices to pork belly. When the service came around, no one greeted us and we had to "sign in" basically. Got seated in 20 minutes, server came around and got her notepad and started to wait for us, well nice to meet you too?After that, she never came back, a different server had to get our orders, refill drinks, and give us our check which was all due in us asking for it.Food is great, service needs a lot of improvement...
3	I can't believe I've been on Yelp this long and haven't reviewed Tofu Hut. This is a late-night favorite for so many in Vegas.Swinging by here any time will show you that. The BBQ half of the restaurant is more than full - with a waiting list! The BBQ prices are cheap. The later the cheaper! The huge salad is delicious and honestly overkill for any table. Nobody (but myself) touches it because they're too busy ordering massive amounts of meat to grill up. Quality is acceptable and average. This is expected. I couldn't give details because I don't do BBQ often enough.On the other side of the restaurant, you can order anything from the menu that isn't BBQ you do yourself. If you were coming in for tofu soup, this is where you'll be. Thankfully, there's almost never a wait. It has been largely empty almost every visit. The tofu soup itself is my standard. Unremarkable, but reliable. I love to dress it up with banchan like kimchi and pancake. I'm not a fan of Tofu Hut's cold noodles or sprouts, though. To each their own! The worst part about Tofu Hut is the service. They've never heard the word. It is simply one of the worst in Chinatown. You have to get their attention every time. They don't even have a call button like Korean spots do in SoCal. You just have to wave, yell, or throw a table.
5	My favorite place to eat when at the WSOP. Affordable AYCE KBBQ and tofu when you just want a light meal.
4	The food is usually well worth it for AYCE BBQ. If you come between 10pm-2am everything is $13.99 their usual price is $16.99. We also get short ribs and steam egg and with those items no matter what time you come it's $16.99 If you never had Korean BBQ before this is a great place to start. I recommend the salad, pancakes, brisket, steam egg. Watch out for the long wait cause it can take over a hour to be seated sometimes. The place is small, the service is BAD but hey your doing the cooking so their BAD service I've learned to brush off. It has been a hit or miss for us. There are days when the salad and meat is on point then there are days where everything just doesn't taste right. For the most part we leave FULL and satisfied another one of our many once a month spots.
4	Definitely a must try for all you foodies!! The food was great, the meats were tender and the short ribs and marinated ribeye was great! We also had the brisket, it was a little fatty and was not seasoned but paired with tofu huts sesame oil and salt mixture it tasted like crispy bacon! Awesome! The sides were great I like the cucumber,  fish cake, and the kim chee of course were all very tasteful.  The waitress was very nice and I always had a full glass of water. To me this is a 4.5 all day. My only let down was the wait. I Waited for almost an hour and a half to get seated, if you are hungry like I was before going there it was hard to wait but it was worth it. The place is very small half of the inside is the table bbq with the AYCE. The other half is more of like a regular sit down and order restaurant. All in all was a ever pleasant experience and will be back for sure!
1	If you are hungry or very hungry, I recommend you to go elsewhere.However, if you are NOT hungry or does not mind waiting for A LONG LONG TIME to get service, then go right ahead, this just might be the restaurant for you.Service overall is absolutely terrible. The restaurant is so stingy that they don't give you the appetizer dishes until your main course is completely finished cooking, all other Korean restaurants give out appetizers first thing right after you've ordered food. Also, if you are just to dine there and not going there for bbq, you will wait longer because they will serve the people who goes for bbq first, and then maybe come to you. Food is so-so. I would go to another Korean restaurant if I were you, there are so many of them on Spring Mountain Road/China Town, why come here and receive such bad service?!
1	We decided to have some soft tofu soup that they should be known for. The layout of the restaurant is one side is the grill tables for AYCE Korean BBQ and the other side is for the non grill area. The grill side was packed with people. We sat to have Soft tofu soup and dolsot bibimbap. We had to sit ourselves and get our own menus. After waiting twenty minutes, they finally took our order. They only have three workers working both sides of the room. We order a cold noodle dish which they didn't have. They messed up our order even though I confirm with him twice. It was loud and you couldn't hear yourself. Overall, service was horrible! Food was bland. I will not be returning at all. In the past, I remember their soup having good flavor, but now, no taste. Again, thumbs down. Don't go.
4	I love their seafood tofu soup! I always order it when I go there to eat with my friends or family :)
5	Came here to meet some friends, who claimed this was Korean BBQ even though it's titled Tofu Hut.  Well, they were right, and the story behind the name is they expanded their business and menu to now include lots of Korean meats.  This place was great. The servers were very attentive, the sides were tasty, and the price for AYCE BBQ was very reasonable.  We had a big table, so we got like 4 different meats to start...I like all of them, but the cow tongue was a tad "organy" to me.  My favorite was the prime rib steak cuts. My only true disappointment is although they serve a chopped salad, they do not have lettuce leaves to wrap the food in.  This is the way I have always eaten it, so I was sad they did not have this option.  But due to the other positives, I still give this place a 5...and I would eat here again....I'll just bring my own head of lettuce.  BYOL ;)
4	This place has my favorite Korean side dishes in town. Both the BBQ and the tofu soups are delicious, depending on what you're craving. Service is always quick and you never feel like you're bothering them if you want more side dishes (although you end up so stuffed there's no need to ask for more!) And the lunch time prices are hard to beat for all you can eat.
4	Love this place. Unlimited Korean BBQ. Nuf said. I always come here when I have time in Vegas because there's not any places around me that have unlimited korean BBQ. Last time I've been here was a few years ago and I'm happy it's still here :)Uhhh but beware- they use other peoples old meats so double check UR meat plates lol
1	We went there last night around 12:30am. Tofu Hut was open for another hour and a half. Two families of 6 were seated and immediately after the lady working there told us we were not welcome to eat there after we've already waited 15 minutes to eat.I'm not sure why exactly we were profiled and there were several open tables.
3	I went for the tofu hot pot(soon dubu) since the place is called tofu hut. But it should obviously change is name to meat hut or bbq hut cause the house specialty is Korean style bbq(which you can't really screw up shine it's just serving raw meat). Anyways I just was underwhelmed by my soon dubu. It was just bland and had no depth.  The broth was not a good meat broth flavor.  Tasted like water and dashida(powdered meat flavored seasoning/bullion) Definitely not my favorite place in Vegas.  I'm not saying it's bad but when I go out for soon dubu, I want the broth to be spot on, not something I could easily duplicate in my own kitchen.  Ya know what I mean? The service was below average at first but once I started speaking in Korean they wised up.  All in all, just average. Nothing spectacular nothing horrendous. :-)  It's a hip crowd, lots of young adults.  Early twenties crew.  Not really for families but more for beers, May, and friends.  Gets busy though so if you go, go early and get your name on the list!
3	All you can eat BBQ! The steamed egg was the best dish. The marinated foods were really sweet.
4	Love this place.  Always eat there last day in Vegas.  Good food.  Nice people.  Service is usually on point.  I always get the all you can eat.  Haven't had anything bad here
1	Always experience bad customer service here or lack there of. I started going across the street to D.J.K BBQ. Food is better than Tofu Hut and customer service is excellent. I don't think I'll ever go back to Tofu Hut.
4	I love  (Korean Soft Tofu Soup) so much it's very common that sometimes I make some at home for myself. But when I go out for tofu soup, by far this is my favorite in Vegas. They have several different varieties featuring pork, beef, seafood or even vegetarian friendly mushroom tofu soup. I usually order the mix... yup, has everything :)I'm afraid, I can't help you much on the rest of menu as I can't pull myself away from their tofu soup!!!Service is... Korean style. They will bring your drink ans food but if you need something else, i.e. refill or more napkims you just wave or call. It is customary and they won't think you're being rude. If you wait for them to check on your table, you may wait a while.
4	This place was good. It had a nice selection of meats. We ordered the squid, tripe, Spicy pork belly, and beef tongue.When your order the squid you get the whole squid which is cool, The tripe also had beef intestines which were really good they cleaned the intestines pretty well because you don't get any of that strong flavor that you would normally get if someone didn't clean it out well. The beef tongue was very tender as for the pork belly, which i like a lot because it had a nice kick to it. Yum. I thought the side were good as well. You could as them for more without being charged extra. Service was ok. But that is only because it was busy. i'm pretty sure if they weren't busy they service would have been a little bit better. But that's for any place.What i really love about this place is the quality of everything was really good for the price that the offered. Well worth it!
3	I went to Tofu Hut the other night for the late night special. I got there around 10:00, and signed my name on the list. Boy was the wait long. We had to wait 30 minutes for a party of 3. Once we sat down, we ordered out food quickly.  Our food arrived pretty quickly because we were cooking it ourselves. We ordered my favorites which is beef tongue, brisket, pork belly, and sliced ribeye (my friend assumed ribeye was a good thing. She didn't know it was bulgolgi.) The beef tongue slices were pretty small, but everything else was delicious. We also ordered the soup which is a bean paste soup. Over the years, they have tried to reduce costs. They no longer include tofu in their soup. :( I love Korean bbq.  I love when my pork belly is crispy and I love to dip my meat in samjang which is a sauce you are able to ask them for as they don't automatically bring it out.  I love the salad that comes with it. It tastes awesome!Service was a little lacking. They were super busy, which I can understand. $13.99 is a great deal for Korean bbq.  At first it didn't matter because we were just eating and enjoying our food. But eventually we did want our waters filled, and we did want squid.  They do have pretty awesome bancahn. I love the japchae and the fish cake. I prefer my kimchi to be riper. Pretty good deal for $13.99. I think the tofu soup is horrible here. Go to Mr. Tofu for that. It's just across the street! For Korean bbq, this is a good deal!
3	I actually like it here despite the sometimes unfriendly staff, long waits and questionable cleanliness lol. I mean c'mon, you get what you pay for and so far this is the cheapest ayce Korean bbq I've been to that's open late. I think they have a lot of potential to be a really good restaurant but it doesn't seem to stop people from coming!I love the salad here! Wish I knew the recipe so I could just make it myself. I also love the beef tongue and brisket. The ban chan is good too. It's a cheap choice for kbbq and an even better choice after a drunken night at the club-so win win.
3	Hooked on the short ribs. ....so tasty...and ban chan is yummy..wish they had meat jun. No need to order mandoo cause lots of ban chan. So far my second time here and the server was good.  Came after work at midnight and BBQ side was crowded.
4	This place is great. It's always busy but they  don't have a reservation system and very few tables for the AYCE so you will have to wait for a while, but it's definitely worth it. They have the best marinated pork belly I've found so far. It's also very reasonably priced. Grill your hearts out.
3	Soon dubu was pretty good here.  Small place so if you don't do the all you can eat bbq, you get seated faster at the regular tables.  I also really liked the bibimbap here.  The pot was perfectly hot so that I got a lot of the crispy rice.  However, we didn't like the ojingo bokum which was too spicy and salty.   Also, the kkakdugi was a little old tasting.
4	My favorite Korean BBQ spot! They only get 4 stars because the service is extremely slow, and when you flag down the waiter and tell them what you need, they look at you and walk away to continue ignoring you! all in all, the food is amazing, and the price and quality is superb! highly recommended.
4	Came in a group of 6. It's $17/per person for AYCE, and since they added gratuity already, it came out to be $21/per person. We had a great time. The food was good, the service was good, and the facilities were good. Coming with 5 other guys, we had voracious appetites. We probably ordered roughly 4 orders of kaibi, 4 of brisket, 4 of ribeye, 2 of beef tongue, 1 small order of squid, 1 order of chicken, and 1 order of tripe. We also ordered egg soups, rice, and lots and lots of refills on the salads and side dishes. Despite us sitting there for almost 3 hours, the waiters were really nice to us. They also changed our grills 2 times. I would come back. The food and service were both very good. So far this is probably my favorite korean bbq in Vegas.Tip: They don't take reservations. So try coming when it's not busy, unless you don't mind the wait.
4	Service was blah. Super small building for A.Y.C.E But meat portions are big you can't even complain for the price. They have a late night happy hour.
3	This place is alright... I go here when I want my korean bbq fix. The price is spot on, but EVERY SINGLE TIME I come here (6+ check-ins), I get a pretty bad stomach ache. My boyfriend also gets pretty sick every time we come here, but the price is just so tempting. Overall, you're getting a great deal, but honestly the quality of the food is not really there. There is usually a long wait at night time for all you can eat because they have a happy hour. Service is never really impressive here. I don't recommend this for a date or anything. If you and a few friends are starving and you're nearby, maybe hop in and give it a try. It's just not the best place for korean bbq.
4	This place is good every once in a while. The servers are easy to talk too not much into customer service but its still cheap I think.
4	This is my first time eating at Tofu Hut. My friend and I got the tripe, boneless chicken thigh, brisket, rib eye and beef tongue and they were all good. The place lacks in customer service but if you don't really care for customer service and just want a cheap all you can eat restaurant then this is for you.
2	My family and I have always wanted to try Tofu Hut, and most of the time we stop by they are always busy with a long waiting list. Sounds like a pretty good place to have AYCE Korean BBQ right!?. We came for lunch and tried the AYCE BBQ. My first impression of the sided dishes were just ok, nothing to rave about. We ordered the brisket, chicken, marinated ribeye, and the marinated pork belly. The brisket and chicken were not marinated so it tasted like brisket and regular chicken. The marinated ribeye was very sweet and the marinated pork belly a little salty with a small kick of heat. The dipping sauce was generally oil/salt/pepper yet nothing to brag about. The service was ok and the restaurant seemed clean. I went to pay the bill and we were charged $18.95/ adult and $9.50 for our 5 year old. The menu stated $16.99/ adult so I was a little disappointed.The salad was the best part of our meal, but I would not return for just the salad. I would recommend Korean Garden a block down the street. They have a less meat selections, but the cost is $15.99 for the "Vegas" and you can get extra selections for $19.99.
3	This place had some amazing soup! I had Spicy Beef Soup for lunch and boy o' boy was it delicious. The lunch came with rice and some asian sides (including kimchi) it was all delish! I would definitely recommend their soup here. I gave only 3 stars because customer service was so-so... They didnt talk at all except "what your order?". They didnt refill our drinks. And i had to ask for napkins. Other than that, food is amazing!
5	Favorite Korean restaurant in Las Vegas. I have been coming here for several of years now for their delicious kimchi tofu soup and bibimbap. However last night was my first time trying their AYCE KBBQ! After 10pm it's only $13.99, cheapest in Vegas that I know of. My favorite choices were the honeycomb tripe and pork belly. I am absolutely in love with their salad! So good!! Defiantly will be coming back!
1	I don't usually like going out for korean BBQ, because I can just eat it at home with my family. On this night, I decided to go with some friends, because we had just finished date night at some paint and wine thing. After three hours of drinking wine and painting, we were hungry. We had decided on Tofu Hut, because of their AYCE option. Also, starting at 10pm, the AYCE is cheaper than normal during the day. It was kind of busy, and we ended up waiting around 20-30 minutes. The old korean ladies are never very pleasant or nice, they never smile. Whenever we ordered meat or food, they would give us a blank stare and walk off. Also, the salad was so bland and tasteless. Part of the korean BBQ experience is eating the yummy salad that comes with it! The salad had no flavor and it was really dry. It felt as if we were eating bunny food - ugh. Next, our grill was burning so much that the bottom started to burn. We thought that my boyfriend's pants were on fire at first and started to freak out. The bottom part of the grill had overheated or something, and there was so much smoke and it smelled of gas. We thought that it was going to blow up - might think im overexaggerating, but for ten seconds or so, we did. The old korean lady rushed over, took off our grill, then dumped ice on everything. After this, we all lost our appetite and did not want to eat anymore. We had asked for our check, and not once, did they apologize for what happened or even give us some type of discount for us not even finishing our food. NEVER coming here again
3	I honestly love love Korean Barbecue. It is my absolute favorite thing to do! Tofu hut is a great place to get KBBQ. I love this place. The meat is great, the marination is a little sweet but Americans would love them. The meat that they give you is frozen. Like they had a frozen block of meat and cut them right before they give it to you so the meat is frozen when they bring it to you. The salad is great, a little salty but still good. A long with the kimchi, salty but good. Their other sides are pretty good as well. I love love the pickled cucumber.And I don't know if it's an Asian thing or it's just them but they're very "not attentive" if that makes sense. Like they could careless about their customers. Every time we asked for something, they always give us this "ugh, again?" face. I'm Asian myself and I've worked with a lot of customers but I would never do that. They're stingy and doesn't want to give you the food. I had to order brisket and beef tongue like 3 times before I got them. If they were busy I would understand but no one was there. They just seemed very careless. Food quality wise, it's very good and delicious. Customer service wise, it was pretty bad. They charged us the 18% gratuity and there was only 4 of us in our party so that's another thing. I don't mind tipping at all, I really don't. I do it according to the service that was provided but the service was pretty bad. Usually I give more then 18% but since they want just 18% I just let them. If you're looking for good food and don't care about service, I say go for it! If you want service and don't want to cook your own food, I say pass.
1	The food is okay. Gave it 2 star cause they have a late night happy hour and it's all you can eat or than that, the services sucks, not enough grills so wait time for a table is forever. Waiting seats are not comfortable, bathrooms are gross, parking sucks & over all I don't recommend this place.
5	Great Korean barbecue for a reasonable price. $14 for all the rib eye , pork belly, and other meats you can eat.  Short ribs are $16.  Nice assortment of kimchi and salad.  Staff was friendly and attentive.  You can't go wrong for a late night Korean meal.  If you want fancy fan fare this place is not for you.  It's a great down to earth place to get your grub on!
5	A nice show stopper restaurant to take family and friends (to impress) where you grill your own food. Food was amazing (it does help if someone in you party knows how to cook meat...if not it will definitely be a learning experience for you). All you can eat and over all a good place. Only recommendation is if your traveling in a big party, arrive early. We were a party of 7, so we waited a bit for a table. Also (if traveling in a big party), apparently gratuity was included in our bill without the server informing us or indicating on the bill...just a heads up if you don't want to double tip
3	This place was dirty. Service was lousy. Food was alright. I've had better KBB. The only reason I'm giving a 3-star is because I don't speak Korean (which you honestly need to, to communicate with the employees), so I can't fairly judge the customer service.
3	Since my last review, I've been here a couple times. I'm going to knock them down a star. This is mainly due to the quality of the food.Many people like to come here because the all you can eat barbecue is the cheapest in town. It's 15.99 and it includes short rib and steamed egg. But recently, the food quality has gone down drastically.First, let's talk about the kalbi, or marinated short ribs. The beef was average quality. And, it was way too soft. It lacked any sort of chew, which means it was marinated too long. The spicy pork bbq was really disappointing as well. It had been overly marinated as well and we had been cooking it for a while, but it seemed like it was never done.The ribeye was acceptable, and so were the pork belly slices, but really, is it that hard to mess it up? All your doing is slicing. What seems to be the issue is the marinades here.The banchan is very disappointing here. The only highlight is the stir fried fish cakes, but it was average. The pancake and japchae are so bland here. The kimchi does not taste good. The only highlight was the salad.. just what I wanted to eat at an AYCE bbq (sarcasm).The bean paste soup is so bland and flavorless, and the once good steamed egg tasted like an overly salted, watery mess.The food, I'll give it 2 stars, but the price, I'll give it 4. The service here is good and fast. I would go here if my friends wanted to go, but on my own accord, I probably wouldn't be taking any out of towners here, no matter what the price was.
1	yeah, no thanks. Never again. I came here a couple months ago to wait for 1 1/2 hours and STILL not be seated. We ended up going to Sura.  Meanwhile, people who signed in after me got seated because of the number in my party (6). Im sorry but seriously? How do you expect to run a place that has like 5 cooking tables (the rest are for a la carte, but no one wants that)... and not expect hungry-angry waiting customers?  Well, I forgave this incident and came back another time thinking it'd be different. Yeeeeaah, NO. Waited for almost 2 hours! We sat at an empty table and were luckily able to at least order drinks, but still! They had forgotten us!  After this I'm never coming back. Oh and when we finally got seated? HORRIBLE and SLOW (can i bold the word SLOW) service! It's no wonder they aren't able to turn their tables fast enough!
4	I had been here a couple times in the past, but it had been a couple years, mainly due to the recent health issues they were having around 2013 but decided to give it another try so I came here last month with Rachel S, Stephanie K and Michael K. It was a Friday night and when we arrived, there was a 30-40 min wait! Wow, I've never seen it so packed! I guess people weren't concerned about their health violations anymore which was a good sign to me. Once we sat down we ordered a bunch of food including: marinated short ribs (kalbi), spicy pork, pork belly, marinated pork belly, marinated rib eye (bulgogi), beef tongue, and steamed egg. We were also brought a big house salad, rice, and banchan dishes while we waited for our meat. The banchan was ok and I really only liked the kimchi. The salad was surprisingly very tasty and I actually wanted more! The salad and banchan are refillable so don't be shy! It's all you can eat!As usual, my favorite meat was the pork belly! It was basically just sliced pork belly but it was great with the salt/pepper/oil sauce mixture they give you. The kalbi and bulgogi were good too but the thing I kept wanting more of was the pork belly! I also couldn't get enough of the sauce even though it was so simple. Goes to show that sometimes the best things in life are the simple things! The steamed egg was also awesome and I could've eaten multple bowls! My least favorite was the marinated pork belly which looked mushy and was chewy and not like pork belly at all...The grills were ok, just make sure yours is turnt up because ours wasn't and in the beginning we were trying to figure out why it was taking so long to warm up. The vents also do nothing here so you'll smell like grilled meats when you leave here so I'd suggest not getting all dressed up to come eat here. The staff was ok as well. Sometimes it was hard to get a server's attention because it was so busy so you have to flag them down as they walk by otherwise you won't really get checked on. Parking is also pretty horrendous on busy nights so you may have to drive around multiple times to find a spot at all.At $16.99 AYCE Korean BBQ, this place is hard to beat in value for what you get and it will remain my go to KBBQ spot.
