4	I recently had some storm damage to my home that required some stucco repair.  I also needed my house painted, but was planning on doing it in the spring.  Anyway, most estimates averaged a about $300 dollars for about 2hr of work for stucco repair.  Rob (DR Paint) and I started talking about both jobs (stucco and paint).  He gave me a really good price on painting and threw in the stucco repair at no extra charge.  There were a few hitches getting the ball rolling due to my HOA's requirements.  Some were not articulated very well by my HOA mgmt company.  To be fair, my HOA rep was on vacation so I only got to speak to the secretary.  Once the logistics were all worked out, things went fairly smoothly.Good:  On time every day, fast, easy to talk to, easy to work with, house looks nice.Bad: colorful language.  I was home when the house was painted and overheard a fair amount of conversation between painters..not so kid friendly.Bad: Needed some touchups.  One door had fingerprints in it and there was some splatters and oversprays in other areas.  DR Paint took care of them the next day.All-in-all, I would recommend DR Paint.  I had a good experience and would not hesitate to use them again.
5	We had some "hic-ups" getting the job off the ground but once it got going everything went well and the project looks great.  Thanks Rob
4	We have been wanting to paint the inside of our house since we bought it a year ago. We have a 3000 sq foot house and we needed the whole thing painted. The only rooms we didn't paint were the bedrooms and kitchen (since we had already painted that). My husband had one rule for me: get 3 quotes. The first painter I called came and gave me a quote for an outlandish amount of money. It was honestly laughable. The second painter we called said he would be out in a few days to give us a quote. We had a short conversation over the phone and he took down all of my information. The day he was supposed to come by came and went and he never called or showed up. Finally we found Dr Paint and I am SO GLAD we did! Rob answered the phone promptly, showed up when he said he would RIGHT at the time he said he would be here, gave me a quote (a professional, typed quote that he printed off right in his car) that was incredibly reasonable and told me to call him if we had any questions or wanted to schedule our paint job. So needless to say, I called him a few days later. I emailed him my paint colors and the signed proposal and they started right away. We also decided to paint all the trim and baseboards and repaint some of the doors in our house as well and he gave us a very reasonable price for that too. They were done in 3 days and the paint job is fantastic. I absolutely love the way my house looks. Rob made sure to call and check up on everything throughout the whole process and again when the job was over. I felt like I was really taken care of. I would enthusiastically refer their services to anyone. Four stars because I was there on 2 of the days the painters were painting, and while the painters were really nice guys, they did tell some "colorful" jokes and my 2 year old was at home with me. Also I'm not a smoker but they smoked a lot outside and so I could smell it inside my house when they came in. It really wasn't too much of an issue though because like I said, the guys that painted the house were really nice. They were very professional with me and I never felt uneasy or anything being at home alone with the painters while they were there.We've gotten a ton of compliments from our friends. Thanks to Dr Paint!
5	Top notch painters. I called half a dozen painters before i contacted DR paint. All of the other painters I got (or attempted) to get quotes from were overpriced, didn't return calls or never showed up for quotes. Rob the owner was great to deal with and very professional, he explained everything in great detail and explained various types of paints.  He delivered as promised and on time and at very competitive price. They spray the paint vs rolling on which I actually prefer as the paint coverage is very consistent. Only negative i can think of is the first guy who arrived to put up masking walked in the house after arriving late and 1st thing he asked was where the closest grocery store was and just left. Not a huge deal but just understand the work is outsourced and Rob is not the one who paints, but that is quite normal and didn't affect the quality at all.  Highly recommended..
5	I'm an out of state investor who values good communication and reliability for the work being done. I don't have the luxury of checking it regularly (I don't live in AZ). Robert, was awesome! He communicated clearly. He delivered  exactly as he communicated. he was on time and very easy to work with. Now that I can see his work, I am very impressed. I'll be working with DR again in the future. These guys are the best. I wish my other contractors were as good and easy to work with.
2	Photos have been uploaded so you can see for yourself, bad AND good.Good: Finished the job on time (despite them asking if it could be extended.)Good: Straight line work (in most places)Good: Price was fair had we gotten a better job,BAD: Painted 2 rooms and a whole wall the wrong color.  They corrected it, but not a great job because you can see the wrong color on the back bars of the air vents.BAD: They painted a door while it was closed, so there is a strip on the front of the door face that is not the same color.  WTF???BAD:  They only used a sprayer, so in those tight areas between trim and corners, it is unpainted!  And you can SEE it!  (My husband was so pissed he doesn't want them in here again to fix it.)BAD: Paint on several different window frames (not the glass.)  Looks awful.BAD: Their employees used our ladder and bucket without permission and got paint all over (we complained and they cleaned it.)BAD: Paint drips on kitchen countertop and on my faucetBAD: Workers left garbage in my yard and half drunk drinks in my fridge (their own, not implying they stole anything.)BAD: Some wall repairs just weren't as good as we expected.  It was part of the quote, but we would have done a better job.It's possible the crew assigned to us were just lazy a**holes, but when my husband did the walk-through, he said he very much got the idea that the salesman didn't give a sh*t about some of the poor workmanship (of which we took pictures.)  As I mentioned earlier, we don't want them back.  There was enough extra paint for us to fix it ourselves.
5	Excellent experience. Job was done well and in a short period of time. All the guys were very punctual and thorough, will use again. Thanks.
5	Great experience with DR Paint, Robert was very helpful with the estimating process. The job was done quickly and efficiently. I am very proud of how the home turned out and it helped us accept an offer within one week. Thanks!
5	We just had the exterior of our home painted. Robert was very helpful and clearly explained the process and what to expect. His crew were courteous and communicated well with us. We were involved with all steps of the process. Would highly recommend Dr Paint for helping make your home brand new again. Great work!
5	I just moved to Gilbert AZ from Chicago and have no idea who to call for paint job. I did what any sensible person would do, check out YELP.I picked Dr Paint after reviewing all the reviews on YELP. I especially liked the way they responded to an unhappy customer (Lynn B   04/29/2013)So I called and left a voice mail with them. They called me today.I explained to him what I needed done and he gave me a quote right away on the phone.For a 2000 sq ft home, the interior paint job would be about $2400 give a take $That included all the walls, doors, baseboards and ceilings.Still, I was not comfortable with a quote from someone who has not been in the house. So, I asked him if he would mind stopping by to confirm his quote. He said no problem.I am meeting him tomorrow (06/25/2014) at 9am. Hopefully, I could continue to give them 5 stars.I will update you guys after I meet with Dr Paint. Wish me luck ... :-))
5	Met with Robert again (07/01/2014) to go over his estimate. He said his guys will be able to start on 07/11/2014 and should complete by or before 07/20/2014.The dates are important to me as I am also having the floors waxed.Gave Robert the deposit ($700) along with the garage opener as I might not see him before the 11th of July (might have to fly back to Chicago)I will keep you posted.
5	I needed a 2K square foot home interior painted, two colors, and overall they did a great job, and price was fair.No splashes on tile, cabinets, etc.A potential issue with scheduling arose, but the crew worked through Labor Day weekend to make sure it got done as per the agreed upon schedule.
5	We recently used Dr Paint to repaint a rental property that had a smoker in it for 7 years. They knew exactly how to get rid of the smoke smell and stains, and the place looks great. They were extremely easy to work with and stuck to the quoted amount exactly. I would highly recommend them!
