3	Cloisters is a really interesting place and I'm not really too sure how to rate it.Great points:The beer - they have 4 or 5 real ales which they have on tap all of the time, and 5 or 6 which are constantly rotating.  My first couple of experiences at Cloisters I felt like I was at a wine tasting because real ale is much more interesting and complex than lager.  For the beer, Cloisters is top notch.  I've also been told that the food is excellent - but the hours that they serve food seem to vary quite a bit, so I've never actually been able to eat here even though I've tried on a few occasions.I also love the game selection.  There is nothing better than drinking a beer, eating tasty nuts and playing connect 4.  Awesome.  Less great points:The seating is all very uncomfortable and it's nearly impossible to get a table in here (because it's always quite busy) even though it has the feel of a chill pub rather than a hip bustling establishment.  I think that's where it goes wrong - people go in there for a chill pint and between the bright lights, crowds of people and uncomfortable chairs it's anything BUT chill.  Good for Cloisters that people realised how good the beer is and everyone seems to want to go there after work and on the weekends... I guess it just kind of ruins the vibe which the bar wants so much to exude
4	i love cloisters - im not a huge ale fan but hubbie is and there is always an interesting selection. just wish there were more seats, but I guess its the small size that makes it cozy.See you at Christmas!!!
1	Note - this review is for the food only... their beer is still tastyRight I'm updating my review because I ate here recently.   It might be interesting to note that I originally wrote "hate" instead of "ate" as that is probably how I'm still feeling... about their food.  I was told a while ago that their food is quite good but every time I was there they were't serving.  They're known for erradic serving times that follow the whims of the staff.  When I went in for a pint last week I thought it was very fortunate that they'd just started serving food for the evening so my boyfriend an I decided to take advantage of the elusive opportunity.  He ordered fish & chips and I ordered a steak burger.To their credit, the fish was cooked very well.  It was moist on the inside and crispy on the outside.  The burger, however, was abysmal.  Not only was the meat tough and dry, but the bun was several days old.  I'm not exaggerating when I say several - it was difficult to cut in half, difficult to bite even.  Now, I am not one to complain about food being too salty or the wrong temperature or anything that comes down to personal taste or what may have been a completely honest mistake on the part of the chef.  However, someone cut that bun in half, knew JUST how horribly stale it was, and served it anyway.booooooooo.
4	Instantly recognisable as an old man's haunt, Cloisters is an intimate bar with a decor that reaches out to the yesteryears.  After drinking the watery, flat, mass produced rubbish that you find in clubs around Edinburgh, Cloisters offers fine ale that's sourced from tangible places and not some steely lifeless factory. I admit, I'm a little biased, Cloisters sell my favourite ale: 'Landlord' on tap and frequently sell a host of other alternative ales (try the Black Sheep if it's available). Nonetheless if you fancy a quiet drink with a bunch of beer enthusiasts this is an exceptional place to start.
3	Most of what's pretty awesome about Cloisters, formerly part of an old church, is probably lost on my intolerant beer and whisky palate. Whisky, I can do, as a kind of tasting exercise and for recognition of a quality malt, but as a regular beverage, not so much. I can just about handle a sip of different beers/ales/lagers/don't know the difference, but to drink a pint would take me a full evening, and that's not fun, because warm beer is not cool. Much more of a wine or Sailor Jerry girl.Anyway, I know they offer a lot of special ales here and change their selection around every week, so this should definitely be a calling point for people who like to vary their beer varieties. The same goes for whisky, as they have a big selection behind the bar. It's always busy, no matter what night of the week I've tried coming here to obtain a seat, so don't bank on guaranteed seating unless you arrive early. It's got a real proper pub atmosphere to it though, which I like, and there's always a good mix of people noising the place up with banter.
3	Real ale isnt my thing - and nor is whisky, so from the off, Cloisters didnt really have that much of a chance with me. However, for the sake of a friend who does enjoy that sort of thing, I agreed to go to the Cloisters for a quiet drink.And, I must admit, I was pleasently suprised - I loved the bar, its part of an old church or something and is pretty cool, very traditional and old manish. It was pretty quiet apart from the low mutterings of people having conversations and I like that sort of thing when I dont fancy going to so hip bar with blasting music and cocktails.The drinks were pretty much as I expected - with names like 'Badgers Arse' and 'Biships Bottom', and while I didnt enjoy any of them personally - my mate said they were some of the best he'd ever tasted - and after a conversation with the friendly bar man, it was discovered that most of the ales were local. Which I guess is pretty cool.Dont come here if you are looking for a cold pint of lager, a lads night out and loud music - this is a place of reflection and supping the same pint for 3 hours to 'appreciate' it.
4	Cloisters is a great bar to go to in Edinburgh whatever the occasion - whether it is for a quiet drink in the afternoon or for a pre-drink on your way to a night out. Situated in the centre of the Tollcross area of Edinburgh, Cloisters bar is just a short walk from the city centre so it is a convenient place to reach. I frequently come in here with friends for drinks and I always have a great time. The decor inside is modern and pleasant, not tacky, and you are always greeted by friendly and warm staff. Cloisters sell about ten different real ales, always a bonus for the guys, as well as serving some beautifully tasting wines for the ladies. Cloisters Bar is always worth a look in for lunch, which they serve seven days a week, and it very reasonably priced. Their menu includes the traditional pub food such as baked potatoes, sandwiches and fish and chips. Their burgers deserve special mention as they are delightful - huge and really juicy and served with proper chips. The atmosphere is always lively inside, but it can get very busy on a Friday night so probably best to get there early to ensure you get a seat.
4	If you like your beers and ales this is the place for you. It is, to my mind, one of the few real pubs left in Edinburgh. Most have been taken over by 'gastro- pubs' serving average food, showing sport 24/7 and offering a limited range of the run of the mill beers.This place is a refreshing blast from the past. There is no music or TV playing, in the winter there is a roaring fire and you can get yourself a deck of cards or chess set to while the way a cold Edinburgh Sunday afternoon. While the feeling is of a more traditional pub it has more modern decor and doesn't feel claustrophobic or cramped as some traditional pubs can feel. The only down side is that seating is limited so on a Friday or Saturday night when it is busy you can find yourself without a seat.The bar staff are very knowledgeable and happy to answer questions and give recommendations on beers, ales and whiskeys to someone who knows a lot less than them (i.e me!) without being patronising. If it isn't too busy they are also willing to let you have a try of a couple of drinks so you can pick your favourite. They also have a 'malt of the month' and serve a wide range of Scottish beers and ales.
5	Ideal for almost all occasions Cloisters bar is a personal fave, be it the start of a Friday night, or a quiet pint mid week. I love the pub feel without the snobbiness, the staff are always friendly and at least the times I have been in there they have been very efficient despite the crowds surrounding the bar. On a busy night don't expect to find seating. The winter has a particular charm in this place probably aided by the fireplace. I am usually sold by a fireplace. (and hence the 5th star)
5	First of all, the cask ale selection: fantastic. Lots of rotating local ales including Black Isle, BrewDog, Cairngorm, and Strathaven. Second, the ambience: A+. This pub is converted from an old parsonage for the church next door. Seating includes old pews and some of the tables appear to be made from old sewing machines. There's a fireplace, a spiral staircase, and you can ask for various games likes cards, chess, and Monopoly. It's often packed in the evenings and it takes some work and/or luck to get a table. Probably my favorite pub in Edinburgh so far.
3	After a failed attempt at attending a gig (we showed up and there was no one there, not even the bands. Huh strange.) Emily V and I were in need of a suitable place to rest our hats (if we were wearing any, which we weren't) and sup a pint.The footba' was on, so we were trying to find somewhere a little less crowded, with seats, and a good selection of beer. Oh and local (it was frickin COLD that night!)Cloisters was the closest we could find, so in we settled. It was fairly busy and buzzing, with a good mix of students, locals, younger and older folk. It's definitely a traditional pub-type joint, without a cocktail in sight. This is all ok, but I think it focusses so much on beer and whisky that they didn't even have coke and lemonade in bottles - it was all tap. For a spirit-girl like myself, this ain't great as it means any spirit and mixer tastes like syrupy water. Blegh.I should also say that even though it's not my 'scene' I have been to several more traditional ale-houses in both Edinburgh and Glasgow which I enjoyed a hella lot more. So I'm not being biased. It just lacked any charm or personality.So, personally, it's not somewhere I'll be hitting up again soon. Probably great for a larger group of folk on a weekday evening, or for a chilled out Saturday night. It's casual and relaxed, and yes they do have a lot of beers. But it just felt a little 'meh' and after my first syrupy vodka and coke, I switched to a cup of tea (much to the bemused look on the barkeepers face). In fact, that reminds me I had asked for vodka tonic so the coke was even less appealing at the time.It was still a lovely evening with the ever-delightful Miss VD, but that's no thanks to the venue itself.
4	Been once and would definitely go back ... had a Pentland IPA and it was just lovely.
5	I lived in Scotland from 2008-2009 and this was a regular spot I hit up.  It is a cozy little pub that serves rare ales and whiskey.  Ale is totally lost on me but I adore a nice tumbler of whiskey.  All the staff are warm and friendly and helpful. However, the pub does get crowded so get there early if you are going with a large group of people.
4	Not a bad place to lose a couple of hours. The cask ales were spot on and the staff friendly.  Mixed crowd but fairly relaxed compared to my usual haunts.  Haven't eaten but will probably pop back in at some point.
4	Cloisters is easily one of my favourite locals, and with so many real ales on tap it is hardly surprising. The well priced ales change regularly so if you like to sample something new, then this is a great place to do it. The staff are friendly and enthusiastic about their beer, so if you're not sure what to try first, just ask! They'll happily pour you a sampler to help you decide. This bar is about more than just the real ale though, there is also a fine selection of whisky, they stock the fantastic Thistly Cross Cider, and though some regulars may gasp (it is a bar known for its beer after all), I've even enjoyed a few very good wines here: they have a great selection. I've only eaten here once, and to be honest they weren't the best nachos I've ever had... but that was a couple of years (and a kitchen and menu makeover) ago, so I'd happily eat here again. They have books on the mantlepiece and a selection of board games to play, this bar is very popular though, so you may be hard pressed to find an empty table to set your board up on. This is a great place to meet a few friends for some great beer, and some good chat, and just as great for a larger gathering.... I've been here for more than a few farewells!
4	Another great Edinburgh pub. After work drinks a speciality.Good seating, good choice of real ale. Thoroughly enjoyable all round.Can get rather busy but I never think that's a bad thing for a pub! Just means you have to be super good at finding chairs.I come here for drinks with a few friends, or to sit and read on my own there is even a book exchange on the mantle. They let dogs in which is a definite plus. Beer choice is spot on although sometimes a little "samey" but that might just be me! I at one point had an issue with grumpy staff but that was a year ago or so and I've had nothing but smiles the last few times I've been in! Recommended. An Edinburgh classic.
4	I go to Cloisters quite regularly for drinks but had never been for food before. I had heard good things about their kitchen and was pleasantly (un)suprised!  As far as pub food is concerned, this is good quality food.  I went for the very common fish & chips, the 'Trade Winds' batter was light and crispy and the chips on the side were nice and chunky, and the fish was nice.  I was asked if I wanted tartare sauce (which I did) and a huge jar turned up!   My friend had the pork cheeks served with pancetta cakes and mash.  I had a little taste and wished I had ordered that!As far as drinks are concerned, Cloisters have a great range of guest ales and whiskies, and is not overpriced.  It can be tricky to get a seat when the place is busy (which it is often) and you'd better be quick at the musical chairs game!One of my favourites traditional pubs in town, and certainly a good one to take visitors too.
4	Grandpa, I know you're dead. Yes, that's sad, but well, you didn't live to see me drinking age and really, that's a crying shame because I'm pretty sure we would have liked the same bars. Like just tonight I sat at the bar with two men who owned a brewery and we talked about Scottish weather, baseball sports stars of old and we asked the people near the door if they could shut it because we were getting a little chilly. This place looks like what it is. It's a big ole church that has a big ole (and massively awesome) selection of the good stuff. Yep, that's beer. I know "Scotland be all about whisky, son" but as a complete pussy, and a beer lover, I prefer to walk home rather than throw up in a taxi on the way. And that's Cloister's. A place I would bring my grandpa had he made it until now (he'd be like 104 now, which would be even cooler) and we would have a beer with other old men and talk about the good ole days when people used to send faxes and watch television with commercials. This isn't a dark and dingy old man pub, far from it, it's a very well lit middle aged man pub and I could come in here knowing I could get a couple of good beers and no 22 year old will be wasted on tequila sunrises looking all skeevy and try to pick me up. It's a talking pub, a pub where you meet up with an ex and let him admit that he did some terrible shit, but you'd be too embarrassed to cry but deep down you're happy he's finally saying it all. Then you go home and let it out. (That never happened, I'm just imagining - I'm just saying it's the type of place you can have a deep and meaningful conversation over beers).This started out as a letter to my grandpa, and it ended up not being, mostly cause, well... I don't even know if he liked beer. I know he liked kielbasa, fried dough and smoking cigarettes. So, if anyone knows a good place for that.
2	Such a shame. This place used to be my local when I lived in Tollcross and I rather enjoyed the unpretentious old man's pub atmosphere. Easily a 4-star for me. So I thought...I went with my flatmate the other day, both regulars. We went after the kitchen was closed (9pm) and were hungry, so basically at some point I went to the takeaway across the road, under the soaking rain, to get some chips for my flatmate and I. She stayed inside with our common friend because our pints were still full.Well... guess what? They politely chucked us out."- Sorry, no takeaway food in here- But your kitchen is closed.- Sorry you just can't- How come?- Well it stinks..."For a place serving fish & chips and pork cheeks, I thought the "stinky" was a bit cheeky. The policy isn't clearly displayed and the reasons invoked were utter rubbish. We ate out, under the rain, with the smokers, and went back in to finish our drinks.Considering other places - that also operate a kitchen - never bothered us with that (Cuckoo's Nest for instance), well Cloister's Bar now seems slightly more pretentious than it appears, and I probably won't spend as much time and money as I used to.
4	If I lived in Edinburgh, I would probably hang out at this bar a lot. The night we went was an Oakham Ales takeover, and while I wasn't a huge fan of their beers, they had an American-style IPA (not Oakham Ales, though) on tap that was great.To sweeten the deal, I ended up randomly winning a t-shirt in their raffle! No complaints here.
4	Cloisters is probably one of my favourite pubs, however it is one that I visit fairly infrequently. They offer well kept craft draught ale, lager and cider alongside a good range of whisky and a fair range of rum and gin. What you won't get here is generic beer or lager (no Heineken or Belhaven beers here), rather they offer quality drinks from smaller brewers. If you aren't sure what to try the bar staff are knowledgeable and professional, giving you a taste of the ale or guiding you to the right drink.It does get busy and you may not get a seat between the various groups of folk from all ages and walks of life, though if you do then settle in and chat or perhaps play one of the boardgames they keep behind the bar...In short if you are after a good quality pint then Cloisters is near the top of the list in an area fairly well served with good pubs.
4	Large range of ales and local fare.  Great whiskey selection, as well.  Gets crowded.
4	Does anyone know what their Penguin is called?He sits above the bar watching everyone drink delightful beer, if I had to name him, I would call him Bryan.Anyway, this is one of the best beer bars in Edinburgh; I have consumed some of the best beers ever in this bar. It's a classic old fashioned place, wooden benches and stools, and some good spots for groups to chill. A popular spot among the local students and local young professionals, beer enthusiasts also flock here regularly.They have the occasional tap takeover, which is always a recipe for disaster. The good news is it is less than 10 minutes from my flat, so stumbling home is OK - and I can meander through the meadows!!Never tried their food, but that's not important.
5	Based on my one visit, this seems to me to be a great neighborhood-feeling bar. They have either 9 or 10 (I can't remember at this point) taps devoted to cask ales. The two bartenders I dealt with were very friendly and knowledgeable about the beers. One of them had already poured me my second beer, when we started talking about West Coast IPAs, and he told me that the manager of the bar brews his own beer, which he thought I might like better than what he had just poured me. He poured out the just-poured beer and produced a bottle of Conviction IPA by Elixir Brew Company, and it was indeed good stuff.As to other details, the bar seemed to be frequented by locals, and was a somewhat older crowd, at least the time I visited. It was quiet enough to have a good conversation. We ended up talking to a couple of guys at the next table. Just the sort of place a pub should be.
3	The bar is an old hat at serving local and special brews. They have a old style in set up and furniture. Big tables that invite people to sit together and talk. You can also play one of the boardgames on offer. On Fridays and weekends it gets busy and you'll wait a long time to get served. It is in a good spot - close enough to the Meadows and slightly away from the other bars. So brilliant for a couple of drinks and a chat when just visiting, and if you are a local it gives you the chance to enjoy a quiet pint on the not so busy days. I am not a big fan of this bar to be honest. It is difficult to explain, but for me the atmosphere is just a little missing that tiny bit to make it comfortable enough to spend a long time here. The occasional visit is all right though. The beers are reasonably priced. They also offer a meze / bar snack menu which has interesting fares on offer. I wouldn't go out my way to visit, but will not say no to anyone wanting to meet up here.
4	I visited this bar on a Sunday afternoon as I had heard a lot about how busy the pub can get during the evenings.From the outside it looks like a bit of a local and if it wasn't for the good reviews on here I definitely wouldn't have entered as casually as I did.Looking at the bar you know this lot are serious about their real beers and there is nothing that makes me happier than real beer. Apart from real coffee and wine gums, but not together.There was 9 ale pumps, about the same in beer taps and 6-12 different bottled beers. Very homely old fashioned bar with wooden tables and chairs. Even a stool if you want to practice your "lean".If you're serious about your beer, give this little guy a chance. Stay for a while, the bar does grow on you I promise.I have nothing to say on their food as I'd already eaten but the Emily H seems to have summed it up pretty well.
5	First real experience with a UK pub and it was great. The bartenders were polite and quick to serve you. Good selection of beer on tap and good liquor selection. It was a little crowded but that added to the experience. Would come back here if I ever made it back to Edinburgh.
