4	Chain pharmacy stores are about as interesting as life insurance policies, but this Walgreens has "it".  By "it", I mean attentive customer service, well-organized shelves, and good deals.I'm not fan of getting my Rx filled, but the Walgreens chain allows you to request refills online and sign up for regular refills.  You just show up the window and a few seconds later, you're off to medicated bliss. I don't normally buy anything in pharmacies other than my Rx, but Walgreens has some suprisingly good deals on housewares, typical drug store merch, and as-seen-on-TV products.If I look lost, the staff are always asking, "Can I help you find something?".   Come on...you know you secretly want a Sham WOW or a Slap Chop!  Their sales don't require that frivolous "savings" (re:tracking) card like other pharmacies and the values are much deeper, like buy one, get one free on my fav. hair gel.  And they have a RedBox, woo hoo!My only complaint is that this store closes at 10 PM.  But for fast-friendly service and good deals on about everything, Walgreens is the jam.
4	Ah Walgreen's...  just like any other large chain store, you are predictable and pretty dependable when it comes to pharmacological needs as well as any other convenient products needed.  This particular location at the corner of Lebanon and Lawyers Rd is fairly convenient, yet their parking lot is not the case with the entrances located at weird (extreme) ends of the corner so it takes you a couple of sharp turns to get you into the lot and parked.Other than the parking situation, the store is fairly clean and organized.  I may have gone in a couple days when they were restocking and stuff was everywhere, but it was only temporary.  This location also seems to have a smaller over-the-counter remedies section, but I'm sure they probably have it organized just a tad bit different from the Walgreen's I usually frequent.
5	I dont go here for the pharmacy...I go here for the sales! Growing up I thought that everything cost more at stores of convenience, but I was wrong. So wrong. Their milk and toilet paper are on sale every other week, they always have tons of stuff on clearance, and for a smoker like me, you cant beat their prices.I also love all the women who work here. It's like small town service.
2	I've always ordered my prints from Walgreen and have never had as much trouble as I did yesterday I went to this one to pick up prints and to go to the one on idlewild to get my poster, I made a mistake by going to the one on Sardis.  At all three of these walgreens I had a hard time getting someone to come to the photo counter.  I don't understand why there was no one really to man the counters at each store, and at this store one lady was working all 3 counters, the main one the make up one and the photo one. It was crazy, and I wish they would fix this.
