4	Mr. Martin runs a clean, well run, competent shop. I don't really know how much you can say about an auto repair shop other than they get it right. They are a very honest and straight forward group, the shop is spotless, and their customer service skills are better than most mechanics. Plus, they have a cooler with complimentary soft drinks while you wait. How can you go wrong with that!?
4	I took my 1989 Mercedes into Martin's yesterday to get a few items repaired, an oil change and a complete checkup since I just bought it last month with 175,000 mi on it and it has been running a tad rough and stalling once in a while and the ac fan went out and it wasn't the fuse. The  did the oil change and called me to say that whoever changed it last had stripped the drain plug and they wanted authorization for a $14.00 helicoil kit to retap and thread the plug. Very good since I told them I wanted to preauthorize any work or parts but I was very imopressed that they actually did so since no mechanic has ever done that. especially on such a cheap item (extra star for this).When the end of the day they said they didn't have the proper tools to check the ac fan motor or adjust the oddball fuel injection system but they did the complete checkout and found several major repair ityems in need of being done now or in the very near future and quoted me a written estimate for all needed work which I will use to get a second opinion at a German specialty shop.The facility is as neat and clean as a dentist's office and both Staff members I dealt with were very helpful, informative and polite. I won't take my car back since they aren't equipped  for some of the work this  vintage Mercedes needs now (frost plugs, fuel injection and ac fan) but I will go to them for work they can do like oil changes, radiator/coolant flushes, tranny service and brakes.I live one block away and they are good but I have a 21 year old car that is also a fairly rare model (300CE). They are located on the morning drive side of 16th Street and open at 7:00am and close at 5:30pm.
5	I love Martin's Auto Repair!!!I originally went to Martin's when I first moved to Phoenix and my car was overheating non-stop in the summer. I made the mistake of going to the dealership first (I have a Nissan Xterra) and was quoted an outrageous price of $4000+ to not only fix the overheating problem but to fix everything else wrong with my car. Considering my car is 10 years old and only worth about $4000, I was in quite a bit of a pickle. Then, my step dad recommended I look at Garagefly.com and find a trusted auto repair shop. I found Martins and went with them because everyone rated them 5/5 and there wasn't a single bad review. I took in my car and told them about my experience at the dealership (which was ABC Nissan, by the way!) and after doing a thorough inspection of my car, they were able to fix the problem for less than $350!!! They also gave me a report of everything else they found and gave me a timeline on when the repairs should be done. Now I go to Martin's for my oil changes and usually check an item off my "needs to be done" list while my car is there.The staff is super friendly and they get you in and out quickly. Couldn't have better things to say about them. They literally saved me thousands of dollars!!!
5	I have been taking my automobiles to Martin's for about 3 years now and I have never had a complaint. The shop is always very clean, even the exterior of the shop is clean, a rarity among auto shops in my experience. The staff is extremely courteous and helpful and they are always up front and honest with me.  Plus they are a local family owned business that has been around for 40+ years in the valley.I honestly could not say enough good things about this shop.  They have saved me a lot of money of the years.  Just try them once. You won't regret it.
5	Ladies, what a deal!! I needed an oil change and being new to living downtown, I wanted to find an honest place that wasn't going to try and upsale me.  I didn't have any other transportation and I also wanted get a manicure down the street.  They were so nice, Martin's took me to the nail salon and picked me up when I was finished while they serviced my honda.  And they gave my car a clean bill of health, which really impressed me because it wouldn't have been hard to take advantage.  Great service, honest, and willing to go the extra mile.  BTW, I got my nails and toes done at Top Design Nails, only 1 mile or so north of Martins.  What a great deal, change your oil and treat yourself to a manicure at the same time...that's the kind of multi-tasking I like!!
5	Martin's Auto Repair is by far the best mechanic shop in the Valley.  Dave Martin, owner, and his entire staff are dedicated to creating a positive and honest customer experience.  I've been a customer for the past 3 years, and have no complaints.  They have never tried to push repairs that weren't warranted, which is a big concern as a woman.  Also, they stand by their warranties 100%...which is equally important.  I trust Martin's Auto, and they've always done a great job.  This is my go-to auto mechanic.
1	Martin's auto Repair NOT THAT GREAT!YELP REVIEWS ON MARTIN'S AUTO - SO POSITIVE, BUT THAT'S NOT MY EXPERIENCE I called Martin's and a guy asked to call me back.  He had time to research my question, what will an oil change cost?  He called me back and said, "oil change, with oil weight and model specified, $35.  He told me it would take 30-60 minutes and it would cost $35.  But they took two hours and charged "$55".  I won't/can't dispute the very positive reviews, their lengthy history, hell, these are the actual reviews that led me here.  My experience?  I was overcharged by 57%.  FIFTY SEVEN PERCENT!As I complained, the owner, I assume he was the owner, came out but there was no give: the bill; was the bill. Listen, this was a $55 oil change vs the promised $35 oil change.  It was handled.  But I did my research, I called around, I read all the feel-good reviews Martin's had and they still shived me.MY ADVICE?  BE CAREFUL WITH MARTIN'S.  I DID NOT FIND THEM TO BE THE RELIABLE, LOVABLE NEIGHBORHOOD-AUTOGUYS.  THEY OVERCHARGED ME AND KEPT ME WAITING.
5	I found these guys on yelp and have been very satisfied with the service.  The office is clean, organized and friendly.  I needed a ride home after dropping my car off, and they provided shuttle services and even picked me up from work when my car was ready.My brakes were squeaking noise, and I couldn't tolerate the sound.  I was on the verge of going insane.  They fixed my brake, and found out what was causing the noise (brake pads, and calipers were installed wrong). They were good at communicating and honest throughout the entire process.   The price was fair for the time and efforts.I just left the shop and my brakes are now working like new... and another auto-shop may have elected to do an entire brake job.I will definitely be bringing my car back here for future service.
5	I met the owner at a Local First Arizona event and love that they are a neighborhood shop that takes pride in their workmanship and customer service. The shop and waiting area is clean, they return calls immediately and I really trust that my car is in good hands. If you want to get your car fixed by an honest and trustworthy mechanic, I would give these guys a call. :D
5	Went for an oil change today and the service was amazing! They offered to drive me to work, showed me where the coffee was, and gave a great run down on the prices for things that I needed work on my car. Next time my car breaks down, I know exactly who to call!!
1	Wish I could have wrote a better review about this place. The mechanic i spoke with Was a nice guy an i felt confident the work would be quick and easy. I had some repairs on my truck. I was expecting it to take a couple of days and was expecting to spend up to a grand. The work was done and the vehicle passed emissions. BUT, within a day of getting the vehicle back the check engine light came on and now my a/c does not work. I popped the hood to see about the battery (as it was suppose to be replaced, it was) and under the hood there were bolts sitting on the side by the battery. I have no idea if they belong to my vehicle. There was also a rag tucked on the other side of the hood. The plastic cover on my neg. battery cable was sitting by the valve cover instead of being put back on or discarded. And the wiring harness which was accessed during the repair was not rewrapped and the wire that was worked on was completely exposed. I wanted to take the truck back but I was pretty soured on the lack of care for the work that was done. I will keep looking for a mechanic that gives me more bang for my buck.
5	Earlier this week, I came back to my parked car and it had left me a nice present in the form of an anti-freeze puddle on the ground (in other words, my car was heavily leaking green liquid) -_-Me being still relatively new to Phoenix, I didn't know where to turn to first. So of course, I turned to Yelp. I read all of the good reviews on here and was willing to give these guys a shot, much to the dismay of my father who said I should have went to the dealership. Plus, they were able to take me in on such short notice, and I support small business. The price they quoted me to replace my leaking Water Pump Hose was well under what i expected, and they were able to finish it rather quickly. I was late to work still, but for being a walk in customer, a half hour late to work was well worth it. The shop was clean, people were friendly, I didn't feel pressured at all, and no one tried to upsell me (I'm in sales, its quite annoying). Excellent, Professional work environmentI got my car fixed on a Monday. It's Friday today, and I open my mail box to see a hand written Thank You post card from these guys saying they appreciate my business. Never have I ever received a post card from ANY company, let alone an Auto Shop saying thank you. Normally, I'm not one for the cheesy and fake customer service routines, but this was real and genuine. I will definitely be coming back for all my maintenance needs, and i would highly recommend them to anyone
5	I have gone here for a few years and they do a good job every time. They have also saved my butt more than once...one time my drive shaft broke on the day before we were to leave on a road tip. Dave at Martins got right on it as squeezed me in to make sure we had a car for our trip. That is typical of the service one gets here. I've also had them tell me NOT to repair a car (yes, it was a tad dilapidated.) How's that for honesty!  Rather than make $ on a repair, he told me a better use of my money would be to find another used car.   I'm a loyal customer and you will be too once you've been here.
5	David and Glenn are really good guys. Hard to find people to trust in a 'big' city. Was recommended by someone I trusted greatly and have been a regular there with three different cars for two and a half years. Will do good honest work and not charge you for services you don't request. Glenn will often put together a list of things that can be done to better the car, but never push me to get a sale, honestly recommends needed repairs but respects my budget and time. They even offer rides when you need them. They will pick you up too. Other mechanics are real friendly too. Do yourself a favor, relax and give em a call.
5	I was looking for an honest mechanic and found even more than I was expecting here.  I was quoted a price at another garage for 100$ more and didn't really have a great vibe about the guy. I did a random Internet search for 'honest mechanic' in Phoenix and Google serendipitously brought me to Martin's Yelp page.  I called and spoke with Glen there and they were able to get my vehicle in the next day.  They gave me a fair quote and a helpful list of maintenance items to be aware of for the future if I chose to repair them.  Everyone that I spoke with here was really kind, personable, and knowledgeable.  This is a great business and I would hands down recommend it to anyone and will continue to come here for other repairs.  Hopefully, I won't be needing that many though:).
5	I can't say enough good things about Martin's-I first found them through yelp reviews when I desperately needed brakes on my saturn. they were helpful, reasonable, and had them done the same day. recently, I brought my car in again  last week to get it in shape to pass emissions-my tags were seriously expired and the check engine light had been on for a few months. glen kept me informed on everything that needed to be done, had the needed part rush delivered, got me a temporary tag, AND took my car down to emissions for me. it of course passed and my 10 year old car runs better than ever! i would recommend them to anyone needing a reliable, knowledgeable, and reasonably priced mechanic
4	Service is always top notch, everyone is always very professional and friendly. I don't live far - so I'm always able to get a ride to or from the shop.    I trust them and they do good work.  What more can you ask for.
5	Few things in life are more exciting and fulfilling than finding your first love, winning the lottery, or discovering a trust-worthy mechanic who goes above and beyond for you.Dave and Glenn were so helpful to me when I brought my car in for maintenance repairs. Understanding that I was on a budget, they helped make recommendations that were most important for safety first, and why. There was absolutely no pressure to do any of the work, so I can tell they weren't putting their interests before mine.They even provided a loaner car for me so I can get to and from work!After the work is done, they walked me through everything that was repaired/replaced. They ran tests several times throughout the day to make sure the repairs were up to their standards.These guys will become your friends, and you'll come to trust no one else because they earn it.Best part? They always leave a cute little treat for you in your car when you come to pick it up. How can you not leave with a smile?
5	I was looking for a close place in my neighborhood for honest reasonable auto mechanic and I'm so glad I found Martin's! I have a 2009 Honda CRV & have taken my car twice for service.  Great customer service,  competitive prices, & they can also give you a ride home or work.
5	I've had some really wired things happen over the years with cars. Like shooting a spark plug through the engine. Or an engine that over consumes oil. Each time David and his staff have been fair and honest and most all all have listened to me rant and rave about my car problems.Martin's Auto Repair is absolutely top notch!
5	They replaced the clutch in my Nissan Frontier about a year ago. After comparing prices for the job, the price was reasonable and service was fast, professional and courteous. They needed to make a small adjustment in the clutch pedal or something, and they fixed it immediately and apologized.
5	Hard to find an auto repair place you can trust. I have been here twice and they are trustworthy, fair and helpful. Great service, fair prices.
5	After reading reviews about Martin's Auto Repair, I decided to take my Toyota in for a routine oil change. The employees were professional and personable and, though I didn't take advantage, they have a courtesy vehicle to get you where you need to go rather than wait at the shop. Prior to servicing my vehicle, I received a phone call explaining the options as far as types of oil and an explanation of the benefits of one over another. Though a little pricey, I was pleased with my experience at Martin's Auto Repair and will take my car back for maintenance and service.
