3	Barbershops in Maricopa total a whopping ONE.  So, this being the only option in the Copa', it needs to be top-notch.  Is it?  It'll get there.The owner runs a great place.  Its clean, has a really nice plasma-hd-flat-whatever screen tv with the good games on, comfortable waiting chairs, a nice bathroom, and plenty of light.  I went on a Saturday, which is a mistake at any babershop, so I had to wait a while longer than I'd like to wait for anything.  However, the owner came over to me personally and explained the wait, which was totally unnecessary, but really great.  There was a nice atmosphere there, which is almost as important as the barbers' skills.  Kids were playing, a lot of talk about the game on tv, and a few good chess games going on.  That is the great atmosphere that you should find in any quality barbershop. Now for skills.  There were 2 barbers on duty: the owner, and the other guy.  The other guy ended up being able to sit and watch the game and chew fat for about a half-hour- meaning that everyone was waiting on the owner.  However, I paid attention to the other guy's clients, and he did a great job everytime.  I would have been perfectly comfortable having him cut me.  When i did get in the chair, he gave the usual small talk, though not as much as I'm accustomed to.  He got started and got done with me in a great timeframe.  They don't mess around in there.The quality of the cut was not quite what I hoped for.  My line in front was crooked, as was my beard trim.  However, it is my fault that I didn't catch it, because I didn't have on my glasses when I checked it out.  But I will say that the fade was perfectly done, and I do mean perfectly.  If the lines were correct, then this would have been the best cut I've gotten in a LONG time, and with speed too.I would rate this place higher, but a bad line should be caught by any barber.  Perhaps he was in a hurry, or perhaps he was distracted by the stylist continuosly asking him questions.  But the barbers there have definate skills and I would entrust my head to them again, and not just because they are the only option in Maricopa.I believe that the ownver will not rest on any laurels, and that he will continue to improve his establishment, which is great already.  He doesn't seem content with just having a 'good' barbershop.There is also a full blown salon as well, which has its own section so the ladies won't have to put up with the guys' woofing over the games on tv.  Everything looks very discrete as far as the ladies go.  The bottom line is that this guy's place is clean, well set-up, has a great atmosphere, and will only get better with time.  The barbers know their stuff and don't let my jacked up line-up keep you away from here.  Oh, and the price is right at $20 for the cut, line, and beard clean-up.
5	Cedric is a great barber and well worth the wait. He takes his time and does a great job. Priced at $15, its a steal. The shop is busy after 4pm on weekdays and all weekend, so try and make it in during slower times. I work from home one day so I can make it down there when its slower.
2	The owner and his guy are friendly and courteous. I am sure they are great barbers but with the shop being so busy they have never cut my hair the two times I have been there. I recommend they get a sign in sheet system like my regular barber does who has his shop on Baseline West of Kyrene. Walk in, sign your name and put down if you are willing to wait for a specific barber. When I was there no one knew who was next and some guy almost got in front of me. The lady barber said they usually leave it up to us (the customers) to decide who is next. I said that after waiting 40 minutes and with patience running low, don't people get into fist fights? Also it would help if they put a small sign above the mirror with their names for each of the barbers so we can stop calling his friend "the other guy" I had each of the two ladies cut my hair. Not Barber shop quality each time. On my last visit I asked that she leave my hair just over an inch long so that it can be styled up. I said that if it's too short it will just do its own thing and not work. I think she is used to cutting hair too short since most of the clientele appear to be black, who prefer very short hair. I said one inch not one millimeter! Well after she was done I checked the length and it was fine up front but the back was waayy too short. I mentioned that it was uneven and she proceeded to tell me that she did not cut anything back there it was already that short to begin with...Really? am I supposed to buy that? I know that there is no way my hair was 2" long in front and 1/2" an inch long when I walked in the place. I said she would have to make it match. So now it's too short. Since I don't want to continue having the girls cut my hair and it appears it's too busy a place for me to actually have a guy (or his guy) cut it I guess I will just have to keep going to my regular guy even though it's in a different town. The HD TV's are a nice touch and the place is clean and well decorated.
5	It's worth the wait for sure, you can get a cut like this for the money anywhere. E my barber is flying to Portland to do my hair for me at my wedding. (Cedric is amazing also, to bad he retired.) But they take their time and never rush.
4	i dont live in maricopa but when i went online for black barbershops, this one came up.  they are short staffed on the barber side, as they only have two people there who cut hair, the guy was booked and only takes appts, so i suggest to call ahead of time to get your cut, but the lady was available and does a great job cutting hair,easily assessable and friendly...........didnt see the spa side but, the ladies who work on that side are so lovely.....so i recommend them.............
5	Women: Don't let the name fool you. Alongside the barbershop is a wonderful women's beauty salon, separated from the guys by a wall. It's small, intimate, and comfortable. My stylist, Erin Leastman, did a great job of undoing the damage done by another stylist in Phoenix (a bad cut), and I absolutely love both the cut and the style. The price was very reasonable for the service I received. I am really happy with Erin & CNC and definitely will go back many times.
5	My husband went to this barbershop for the first time last week!! He really like it and got a great cut, shave and stash, eyebrow trim!! He was very pleased with the atmoshpere,  He like having the tv with sports channel on and liked the barber that cut his hair.  He will definitly be going back to this shop!!!
5	Great group and they do an amazing job! We have twin three year olds and we get in quickly and always have a great cut with suckers at the end! The boys always look forward to their haircuts and for the price you can't go wrong. Same price as a super cuts with a barber skill and great results
