4	Wonderful selection of unique pieces to enhance your existing wardrobe or you'll be sure to find a piece for a special occassion.  I've purchased 2 AMAZING dresses that I can't wait to wear when the right ocassion presents itself.  They have 2 "end of season" sales where items can be had for a fraction of the retail price.
5	One of my favorite boutique's in the Valley!
4	I Love Heidi Boutique!! They have the cutest stuff and are always getting new product in. The prices are a little high, I can usually get the same designers/brands for a little cheaper at Juicy Couture, Nordstrom or other stores, But they are not too bad. The only reason I am not giving them 5 stars is because they are either very friendly and helpful when I come in, or they are rude and do not even acknowledge me when I go in there. Customer Service is a huge thing with me, so normally I would give them a lot lower score for this, but since I Love their stuff so much I will give them a 4!! I would recommend more sales and specials!!
4	Heidi Boutique caught my eye while I was at Starbucks & they happened to be open so I took a peek around. It's a great store with pieces by Juicy, Trina Turk & Splendid. Prices range from medium-high, but they had a lot of items on sale which were really affordable. Definitely a shop to pop into every now & then to see what they have in stock.
5	To My Friend Who Keeps All the Trendy Women in Scottsdale Looking FaB!!!  LoVe the Small Intimacy Feel that her Treasure of The Desert Offers with Personal Details to make your Visit in Amazing!!! xo
5	I went in to Heidi Boutique last week after being referred by a friend. What a great experience! It's located in a grocery shopping center near Starbucks. There is easy storefront free parking. Heidi's boutique carries many high end designers my favorite being Lauren Moshi, also Splendid, Parker, and Trina Turk. Heidi has chosen a great selection of dresses and flowy tops from these collections. She also has several undergarments (bandeau's and crop tops) to choose from at very reasonable price. I noticed some beautiful "tribal" jewelry on display as well. The staff was friendly and helpful and the environment light and fun!  Added Bonus: A beautiful young woman named Taylor does amazing eyelash extensions in the back room. I can't speak highly enough about the quality of her work and the beauty of her extensions.
5	I Love this place!  Heidi Boutique delivers style and fashion every time!  Designer clothing without the headache of driving to the mall or fighting for traffic elsewhere.  Plus I believe in supporting local to keep $ in my neighborhood.  They also offer handbags, jewelry and other accessories.  My most recent find was a beautiful pink dress that I happen to find in their sidewalk sales rack.  Service is great every time and very helpful.  They recently moved and the parking is great.  Nearby AJ's for coffee too!
