4	Conveniently located next to the Glendale Court, this Lenny's is not nearly as flashy as the one at 59th Ave & Peoria. (To be honest, I'm don't know if/how they are connected).In my mind, Lenny's is the Arizona equivalent to the celebrated Coney Islands in Detroit (where I grew up). Okay, so they definitely don't  have the Greek food, but they are perfect when you're looking for a tasty burger and fries or milkshake at lunch.At this point, I usually stick to the cheeseburger, fries, enormous drink combo... which currently runs about $6. I've never been disappointed.Don't get me wrong, Lenny's isn't going to win awards for presentation, atmosphere or originality... but what they do, they do well and I much prefer them over fast food.
5	Way better than any FAST FOOD BIG NAMES!!
5	Love this place! Nice old world feel and great food!!
3	Got the half lb. ranch burger. It was good. Don't. See what the big hype is over
3	A couple of days back I was headed for my regular Jack in the Box  and decided to drive past it in favor of this local chain.Lenny's is sort of an icon in the valley.  The first two places I went to are now closed but they have opened several others, Some seem to be franchised and some seem to be the original owners.  When trying to Google them only some of the many locations actually show up on a website.  This particular location has been the one I have had lunch from for many years but this was the first time I had actually gone to get my own food.Can you say dive? Don't let the first impressions walking in cloud your idea of the food.  It is solid family burger shop.  My favorite over many years is the teriyaki, mushroom, swiss burger and the one I had this trip was just as good as always.  For a while they went to an onion ring made with pressed and chopped onions but they have returned to one made with whole onion but not quite the same as way back when when they made their own batter.  At one time all the locations made their french fries daily from scratch but I do not think they do that any more.  This location has a breakfast menu but I am not sure all of them do.I will continue to go here on a regular basis as I think they hold their own against many of the national chains for good basic burgers and sides. A solid 3.4.
3	Yum lennys. This one is not my preferred Lennys location, but still decent. The inside could use some updating and so could the menu.
5	We've been here in Glendale for two days, and have been here twice.  That says enough in my mind, but I'll add more.  Burgers...AWESOME.  Fries, Great!  Atmosphere.  Great.
4	I've actually never been here for lunch, but hear good things. The breakfast items are good though, for sure.
3	I came specifically to Glendale to have Zing's green chili mac -n- cheese, but they are closed for business, which while it sucks it does kind of make sense.    Starving to death (all due respect to people actually starving to death) I wandered into this place.  It was a good burger, not amazing like my amazing horse that tastes just like raisins.   (plug in "amazing horse" into "the" Youtube at your own risk).    Everything was good.... but I would probably keep searching for the exceptional in down town G-Dale.
3	This is a pretty decent burger.  I've definitely had better, but overall a solid choice if you're craving a burger and want to pass on a fast food burger chain.
4	Burger and shake were good, nothing to rave about. So what's to love? Great and fast service, even in a mad rush of customers, and awesome atmosphere! Kinda odd that soda refills are 40cents....but I got the Jamoca shake, which was uber thick and tasted great!I plan to go back during a quiet time and see what it is like when there isn't a mad rush. I like those old time shops so I am a bit biased.
4	This is definitely a favorite spot for myself and my girlfriend. In fact every time I want to ask her a favor I usually take her here. After she's had her fill of thick cut fries and a juicy burger, how could she ever so no. I love their variety of dipping sauces. The "fry sauce" is very interesting with a nice basil flavor. Im still trying to figure out what the "lenny sauce" consists of. Perhaps some fellow yelpers with a more refined pallet than I can enlighten me. It seems to always be busy with a variety of people (from families to police officers), especially now that they've done the beautiful "50's style diner" remodel. This is a testament to the quality of their food.I have also tried their floats which are phenomenal, LOADED with tons of creamy vanilla ice cream. Only their hotdogs never really made an impression on me.Def would recommend. A good affordable place to: ask a favor, deliver bad news, or just enjoy a good burger...
1	This Lenny's location is horrible. The fries appeared to have been sitting in old grease or just old. I asked if they were fresh and she indicated yes.  They were horrible. Will never eat at 5713 w. Glendale location again.  They are NOT like the other locations.. Please mark my words. They don't even deserve 1 star.  They didn't even get order correct to begin with. Had to return burger.
2	Sent my burger back but the second one was still tasteless and dry, devoid of any seasoning (probably frozen) and why do you need five different burgers that differ only based on condiments? The fries were inconsistent from lack of frier maintenance. The ice was all melted in the soda machine. The bathroom had a weird hall tree straight out of a bad cowboy movie. The furniture and flooring was seriously ghetto and the windows have so much advertising you couldn't see out, like you're in a hamburger prison.
2	**I inadvertently placed this review at the wrong Lenny's previously, my apologies**This review is as of October 13, 2012.I walked in on a whim, I was really in the mood for a burger. The decor for the restaurant is a let down and the lack of personality from the employees didn't raise the bar.I ordered their country burger combo which came with a large drink and fries. The total came close to $10. When I pay double digits for a burger I expect good quality. The food came out promptly and I immediately dug into my fries. They were hot but very limp.The fries had the skins on them, which I enjoy, but they had no flavor and very little salt on them. I salted them on my own to add some flavor. I don't normally dip my fries in ketchup, but this time I had to.  The soda was not sweet and basically tasted like carbonated water. I ended up switching sodas and that didn't fare any better. The 50 cent refill charge I thought was kinda ludicrous.So far things aren't going so well, but I'm still excited about my burger. I got the double patty burger, which are still sadly, very thin. The meat itself had no flavor. The only thing that distinguished it from anything else is the taste of the char. The thousand island dressing on the burgers was very thin and runny. It had no flavor whatsoever. The burger was bland overall. I asked for it to be cooked medium as their sign states they cook meat to order. There was no hint of pink on the patties.Sad lunch experience and I doubt I will ever return to Lenny's based on today's experience.
3	Lenny's seems to fit the pseudo old town style that downtown Glendale is going for. My wife an I tend to come and split a fry and malt and each get a burger. Definitely better than fast food chains. This is one of a handful of good hangouts in Glendale.
4	We live near Glendale so I always love finding local places. This one is your classic burger dive, complete with vintage pictures on the walls. It's a good hangout place and the food is great. I'm addicted to their fries, and the burgers and malts are awesome. However, the prices are always a bit higher than I expect for a burger and fries. Plan on waiting if you come during a Glendale event.
4	Get a double burger and a shake, yummy
4	My boyfriend and I walked over to Lenny's today and we were very pleased. We had a country burger, a hickory burger, and chili cheese fries. I liked his country burger better than the hickory. They top the country with their homemade thousand island dressing, which was delicious! The patties on the burger are mediocre, they seem to be the ones you buy frozen, they are not hand made.  I also had a malt. I am a chocolate malt lover, so I was disappointed when the malt didn't have that distinct grittiness that I love.The best part of Lenny's, by far, is their fries. They are the best I have had in a long time.Next time, I plan to try their onion rings with the homemade thousand island dressing, I can't wait to return!
1	Ehhhh, I would think spending five bucks on a burger it would at least be something homemade and tasty... unfortunately it only tasted good cause of the bbq sauce. Will never be back to this high priced establishment...
1	We walked into the place not really knowing what to expect, and after ordering? i hopped onto yelp and it was pretty much as i thought: little hospitality from the employee's. music doesn't quite fit the atmosphere, and when we sat at the bar, we put a little pressure ( just enough to adjust yourself to sit on the stool) and almost RIPPED the bar table off! as for the food, would i pay for another polish dog like that for $4? that's a no. pickles feel plastic. no other comment.
2	Not good at all ! You get a cheap patty, hard bread, and the time it took was crazy long should have went to Wendy's or something
5	I lived about 3 blocks from the location on Central ave so when I was in Glendale for a festival and saw this little dive burger shop I said HELL YA!!!! My daughter and her BF were a bit skeptical but left full and smiling. My daughter was amazed at the flavor of the burger...... old fashion style. Don't pass this place up or the Central ave location either.
5	This is the best place if you are looking for a greasy guilt filled cheeseburger. I highly highly recommend the party melt with thousand island dressing and American cheese. You won't be disappointed. Only thing that sucks is they close at 8. One night I had to settle for this nasty Pete's place instead because they were you closed. You let me down bad Lenny's! But anyway awesome dive feel and good food. I really need to try their shakes
3	I had the BBQ burger and I was pleasantly surprised. The bbq was most likely a generic store bought but still tasted good and tangy. The burger has a charbroiled aroma to it which was really nice and was a good decent size. The fries were very oily and had a darker brown color. Overall it was a decent burger but for the price I think I would still rather get Habit Burger.
5	Love lennys I am from Chicago so I am very picky over food. I really like those pastrami sandwiches they are the bomb especially with cheese. Nonetheless,  they have a great old school feel to the location. And the employees are very courteous.  Check it out u wont be disappointed.
1	I typically would give this place five stars but I am extremely disappointed in the service I received today. I am a Unsweetened Iced Tea drinker and after tasting the glass I dispensed myself it wasn't the regular tea it it was sweetened. I stopped an employee and told her that there was something wrong with the tea she then told me NO that the sweet and regular tea were separate and walked away. She never addressed the issue I even went up there a second time to ask about it and she was more concerned with chatting with the other employees there.
1	Their bathroom is the filthiest I've ever seen. I'm not exaggerating. The toilet looked as if never cleaned. Same with the urinal, sink and floor. As far as the food goes what's the big deal about this place? Fries are tasteless, greasy and I suspect cooked in old oil. Burgers not made fresh, how this place wins awards is a mystery to me.
1	Came in for a Chocolate Malt and got Hershey' s Syrup with vanilla ice cream, very disappointing.
4	Great place to stop if you are doing some antique shopping in old town Glendale.   A must have if you are visiting Glendale.
3	Classic burger shop in downtown Glendale . I ordered the steak sandwich with fries. It was okay not great. Fries were almost burned.
3	The average All-American burgers. The last time we came here was about 5 years ago and the experience and taste didn't change. This time we went during Glendale Glitters and it was very crowded, we pretty much competed for a table. Haha. The restaurant is incredibly small so I would advise to go on a weekday or non-holiday. We ordered the country burger. It was good. Honestly, it's nothing super fancy. We were just in the mood for one of those traditional burgers and fries. I would come here again.
