4	Went here for opening night and considering that one simple fact... couldn't have gone any smoother.  We opened with the Goat Cheese/ Herb Pesto appetizer, went down very well with our petite table of 2.  For the entree, definitely have the Steak, I rarely do, but very glad that I did.  She decided to have the Seafood Stew (the only reason for the 4 stars) and wanted more substance.  Yes, it was great, but it needed to have more Mussels, or Shrimp or Clams, just more to it.  We had the the Paltz & Hall, Pinot Noir (recommended by Ryan) - an excellent choice from the small but delectable menu.  Overall, imagine Postino & radioMILANO with a hint of LA cool...  Great location, staff was on it and there were many patrons just there to have a libation (love to use this word).  I will return!  (There will be a great patio soon, but there no chairs/tables and who wants sit outside without misters?)
4	I'm not going to lie: I've been looking forward to this place for months. I checked it out over the opening weekend, and less than 24 hours in, they've got a good thing going. They don't have all of the pieces of the menu in tact just yet, but there's enough there to get a great idea of what it's going to be like. The wood-fired oven gives everything a bit of rustic flair, and the cocktails that had debuted on the menu were poured with a heavy hand, so bravo. I tried the half-chicken, which was roasted to perfection: crispy, salted skin and plump, juicy insides. The atmosphere is chic, beautiful and airy. The bar that opens into a small courtyard is one of Phoenix's most beautiful, and the patio space will soon have more beautiful people than the Vig. I'm curious to see what the upstairs portion will be used for --whether private events or additional seating, it looked like another fantastic use of space. For as long as they took to remodel this place, it looks perfect. They do need to do something about the front door, though. It's a wide plank of glass so clean that someone planted his face right into it so hard he was stunned... I'm still not sure the poor guy knew what happened.
3	I went with a couple friends on the second night this place opened.  The atmosphere is awesome.  Chic and contemporary without being oppressive, the restaurant has a nice low-key home feel to it.  I was hoping to get a chimay for a drink priced at $6...the same as a miller high life.  Even though it was the second day they didn't have any and instead settled for a rogue porter.  So I'll probably be one of the few people not satisfied with the peppered steak.  To me, a good steak should be able to stand on its own, flavorful in its own right.  For $20 and a medium rare cook I expect it to melt and be juicy and have a presence in the meal.  Maybe it was the beer, light reflecting off the gases of Jupiter, but this was not a tasty cut of meat.  The peppered crust was there to overpower and make up for the lack of tasty beef.The meal was accompanied with pureed spinach and some sort of potatoes (both were good!).St. Francis gets 3 stars for now:   - a cool venue   - wasn't that impressed with the meal   - will go again when there's a full menu and try the hobo     combos/meals
5	I've heard a lot of buzz about St. Francis and was eager to try it because I am always on the lookout for new restaurants in CenPho. I was not disappointed. This restaurant design and layout is as fantastic as the food and service. The Spot: Located on 1st and Camelback this gorgeous building boasts original brick walls and polished concrete floors downstairs. I had inquired about the upstairs and my server let me sneak a peak, the floor upstairs is made of cork, very unique and gorgeous. The contemporary design really stands out. There is a support system of cable and pin settings, which do away with support columns (so said my dining partner), and it creates a very open and airy flow.  The women's restroom has an original safe built in to the wall with the handle acting as a toilet paper roll. The bar opens to both the restaurant and the patio so giving diners a sense of comfort. There are also pop out windows, so you are able to see in to the kitchen from almost any spot. Currently only the downstairs is open, with plans to open the upstairs within a few months. (The upstairs would be a great place to have a big birthday dinner, seating about 40). The patio wraps around the restaurant and will provide additional seating once the weather cools off a bit.The Chef:Aaron Chamberlin was part of the opening team for some of my favorite restaurants in the valley: Chelsea's Kitchen, LGO and Radio Milano. He has over 20 years of experience and his French/Mediterranean training helps him to create phenomenal dishes, with top quality ingredients. The kitchen has a brick chamber used for roasting meats, vegetables and breads. The oven and selected spices really brought out the flavor in each dish. The Food:The menus will change seasonally to take advantage of the ripest produce Arizona has to offer. The current menu incorporates local ingredients such as Arizona pistachios, honey and goat cheese from Black Mesa Ranch. St. Francis is one of only a handful of restaurants that are able to use rare herbs from Sonoma. Last night I started with the baked goat cheese with walnut herb pesto and toasted bread, it was absolutely delicious. The cheese and walnuts were so fresh I had to go easy not to ruin my appetite for dinner.  For my main I had the pepper-crusted flat iron steak with creamed spinach and fingerling potatoes covered in a red wine reduction.  The steak was phenomenal; it was so tender I could cut it with a fork. I was also pleasantly surprised on how much I enjoyed the creamed spinach.Desert was also amazing; I went with the summer fruit trifle as it seemed a lighter dish. It had strawberries, peaches, raspberries and some other berry I couldn't nail down, all surrounded in a light cream topped with toasted almonds. It was heaven.The Service: The server was awesome. She explained the philosophy of the restaurant along with the vision of the chef. She was quick to point out her favorite meals and her parents were seated next to us. It was nice to see so many friends and family in a newly opened spot. This place will become a part of my regular restaurant rotation in CenPho. Quality ingredients, wonderful layout and educated staff make this a 5 star review.
4	I have been waiting for this place to open - waiting to check out the interior (they've done a nice job on the outside), the menu and of course, the food.Tonight I went with 2 fellow female foodies and we were very impressed.  The menu is a bit limited, but we were told that would change as they get settled.  We shared the goat cheese app, the salmon salad and the steak entree.  All of the items were creative and the ingredients were top notch.The wine listed is about as limited as the menu, but there was certainly something on there for each one of us.Overall, great atmosphere, yummy food and friendly, attentive service.  We'll be back!
4	A WELCOME ADDITION TO UPTOWN. SWANK UPSCALE URBAN DECOR WITH INDUSTRIAL MIXED-MATERIALS HIGHLIGHTS. SMALL MENU, SMALLER WINE "LIST", BUT EVERY ITEM EXECUTED VERY WELL. Just weeks after the launch, it's already a very special place.--Valet-only parking.--Retro woven-lattice fencing guides you to the front entrance--mixed-materials design is literally a full checklist of every single one: concrete, gravel, plastic, steel, glass, brick, stone, copper, negative space and more. Quite the hodgepodge but it worked for me.--garage-door wall straddling the bar keeps the addicted included and will make for more airy goodness when the weather cools.--don't miss the heirloom spoons set in concrete just inside the front door; they're on the menu too!--counter bar seats 4 and looks into the kitchen, chef's-table style--seafood soup. mussels melt in your mouth, fish blocks for texture, shrimps and brothily delicious mirepoix. Cheesy crouton island demonstrates exactly what that table bread is for! I WIN AGAIN!--steak and its luscious reduction are for pepper lovers--crispy fingerling potatoes have a wonderful organic and natural feel and flavor as if straight from the garden. avail as app or with the steak--goat cheese, pesto and tomato sauce app served with crispy thin slices of the freshly-made bread--fig and cheese flatbread app is a pillowy goodness of moist delight. sets a new standard.--table bread follows the Italian bent. no butter here, just oil.--Riedel glassware makes any wine pop! Takes the meal to a very very high level of sophistication and pleasure. StF does it right!--Meringue snaps and strawberries dessert.
3	Don't blink.  You could miss it.  My dinner guest did.  Camelback and Central.  East of Central on the south side of Camelback.  East of the Bank of America.  Across the street from Sweet Tomatoes.  Got it now?   The building is subtle.  That's why my friend didn't recognize it as a restaurant.  The walk up to the entrance is special.  To your left you will see the bar with one side of it outside and the other of course inside for those rainy Phoenix days.  I am going to take advantage of that outside bar seating this fall.  To the right as you approach the entrance is a glass cube with a table setting on the inside.  The atrium table ended up being were we sat.  It was great.  I could watch the commute go by.  It made for airy atmosphere.  I felt warm and cozy both times I have been there.  Good lighting, wood with suspension cables, nice place settings and furniture.  Very modern with hints of retro.  The fence...Lets talk menu.  It is small.  We were explained to that the menu would be expanding.  The second time I went to St. Francis the waitress was much better.  More informed.  My guests tried to stump her with ingredient questions and she was on the ball.  She used the word FRESH quite a bit and of course the food was fresh.  At St. Francis I have had the chicken and the sea bass.  The chicken won in my book.  I haven't been impressed with their wines.  The Pinot Noir was weird and the Cabernet was meh...  I have tried the almond margarita.  Yum.  Oh and the dessert I had.  Not so much.  Meringue bits with ice creme and figs splatted together.  Not attractive.  The ice cream and the figs were good though.I am interested to see where St. Francis goes with its menu.
4	Walking up the gently lit side corridor was an inviting prelude to the entry with a side peak of the open air indoor/oudoor bar that has a gorgeous illuminated onyx bar top.  The layout is quite nice, and  certainly is a place Phoenicians can be proud of. Beautiful surface materials abound, which are a perfect example of how restraining architectural details allow the visitor to really appreciate the space and the dining experience.I respect that Aaron Chamberlin candidly admits that the menu is still growing,  wine list being tweaked, and more dessert items shall be added.  I adore restaurants that have an evolving menu that incorporate seasonal ingredients and the chef's favorite food ensembles of the moment.We shared a refreshing salad with chilled corn, radish, mini heirlooms with a  decadent homemade butter cream ranch dressing.  Plenty for 2, and very reasonably priced at $8.  Oh yeah, and there is a bread service!The corn chowder was not to our tastes, but the Halibut with eggplant and green and yellow string beans was divine, and perfectly prepared.  I can't provide a technical description of the dessert, expect for it was like a toffee bread pudding with a scoop of vanilla gelato on top.  YUM!  They serve Cartel Coffee (Tempe), which is quite delicious, is and another locally owned spot, that I encourage everyone to try.The service was absolutely stellar!  Our waiter was well-informed, attentive, and really let us take our time and enjoy ourselves. St. Francis is a welcome, and much needed newcomer to the ever expanding Central Phoenix dining experience.
4	Wow! What a wonderful evening we had. When I saw the great looking building that I had tried to buy with no success being ripped apart for a remodel, I was surprised. I began to drive by often to see what they were putting in the heart of my hood.Finally two nights ago my dinner date and I went late to the new spot that I have been trying to get to for a month. The fall evening was the perfect back drop for this new Central Phoenix gem. My date and I are bar people. Upon approaching this new, swank joint, I could not keep my mind on the growing hunger that I was experiencing. I was too busy taking in the new design of the building and being so jealous that it was not mine. We immediately spied the bar and asked if we could eat our dinner there. The bar tender was so welcoming and she helped us steer through the GREAT wine list.( Freshness finally) We odered a great bottle of tempranillo. Beautiful!We decided to share plates in order to taste more offerings. We selected the flat bread of mission figs with arugula and goat cheese to start (wanted something from their wood fired oven) and the salmon salad. I will say that in the obvious attempt to keep things simple, the menu is very difficult to read. (grey on grey in a very small font) Hello?! Cenfo people with money to spend on great food need reading glasses! Also the food descriptions are a little too brief to truly know what is going to be on your plate. This spot uses tons of great ingredients to create the final taste and the patron should know what they are getting.The flat bread wad more like true, great, Napoleon pizza. The crust was beyond perfect. Some pizza joints need to take a lesson here. Wilted leeks, goat cheese, fresh arugula, and the most amazing roasted mission figs topped with shaved pecorino. I needed nothing else.Then came the salmon dish. Honestly, I can cook salmon...PERFECTLY. Mine was beautiful in this entree. Three large cuts of fish that were well seared and not over cooked. It was very fresh to the taste. It was served in a great big bowl lined in mixed  farm, fresh  greens with chopped celery, halved cherry tomatoes, Italian parsley, blanched yellow and green baby string beans, and blanched soy beans. Along the out side was a delightful grilled, fingerling cold potato. I could have done with out the poached farm fresh egg on top, but my truly Italian date gobbled it up and raved about the flavor.We were ready to explode but the guy next to us was raving about thier desserts. I don't have much of a sweet tooth but my date... well that is a whole other story. He ordered the Sticky Toffee Pudding. This is sin, cellulite, belly flab, dunlap all of the above on a plate. OMG! Rich and decodent, perfectly steamed like a Boxing day in the UK. The wonderful treat was topped with locally made sweet cream gelato.I can see myself sitting there often and viewing out on my beloved neighborhood eating good quality great tasting food for a fare price with stellar service. They are new, and have a few bugs to work out but this is going to be a very popular spot for the Central Phoenix foodies who have grown weary of bruschetta.
5	St Francis is ok with you asking to move chairs around to be next to your loverAnd after you are done smoochin'Order Order Order the Pot Roast Sandwich (real Texas toast) - this is after you sip on the Dark & Stormy and share the Romaine Hearts AppetizerAsk for recommendations the wait staff (which are all very handsome) will be glad to lead you in the right direction. Yum Yum Yum
5	Well of course you're named after a Saint. After all, you are simply heavenly! I LOVED my visit to St. Francis. Just like I loved the first year of Charlie's Angels when Farrah was on. Just like I loved Chachi and not Joanie. Just like I love smooth and not chunky. I was honored to have a tour of St. Francis by Mr. Aaron Chamberlain himself. He pointed out the architectural details and history of his career. Right down to family serving spoons used in his grandparents restaurant embedded in to the brick near the front door. The sleek, glass garage door which opens up to Camelback. If you're sitting outside you have a panoramic view of the interior and if you're inside you get a bird's eye view of the street scape. The second story (which is in limbo and awaiting a mural and a more defined purpose) is structurally held in place by a "V" shaped collection of steel rods...unfreakinreal! The birch floors on the stairs, the gravel on the patio, the maple beams, the seemless glass front table...I'm having an interior design orgasm! Oh. The food? Yep! Yummers! Thin crust pizzas with a airy, pillow crust...tried an arrugula za and had one with figs! The signature salad with a homemade buttermilk dressing (DON'T THINK RANCH!)...it's so much more and the goat cheese brulee made my mouth, my tummy and my soul very happy! You can feel the love from the kitchen as well as an attentive, enthusiastic and knowledgeable staff.You're like my foodie angel, arriving in CenPho to save fme rom Applebee's and Sweet Tomatoes! I say Halo St. Francis. Halo and welcome to the hood!
4	Had a wonderful time at St. Francis last week.  The service was very attentive.  The architectural detail of this place makes it worth the visit for that alone.  Ask for a tour of the details, they love sharing it with you.Can't wait to get back there again as the menu expands and it is open more hours. Warning though:  it isn't inexpensive.
3	There are a number of things I like about this restaurant. First the decor is lots of fun. Their are some really nice details. Great clever use of the space. Obviously a lot of thought and money has gone into the design of space, lighting textures. Even the tee shirts were very cool. My main issue. I was hungry..  There are four appetizers on the menu. A chowder, French fries, Goat cheese & Pesto with sliced bread and a caesar type salad. My problem with such a limited menu is that I find myself choosing what I will have by elimination rather than having trouble deciding because everything sounds so good.  Don't get me wrong the food is quite good. Along with the menu being so limited, portion sizes a very small. I wish they had of spent more time and money on the food than on the space.So if your going to a restaurant because you want to sit in a really fun and exciting space but aren't too hungry. And don't mind dropping 120.00 then this is your place.
5	This past Saturday I had dinner in the Meat Packing District in Manhattan!  Oh no I am mistaken - actually I was right here in Phoenix at a fantastic little place called St. Francis.  Forgive my confusion, but I as I sat in this architectural joy with exposed brick, glass, inside out side bar, and the much talked about pulley suspended loft, I could not help to think i must not be in Phoenix.   Turns out I was and make no mistake this place is must more than just a pretty face.Although not a very large menu - several items called to me from the page - so we let the server do the driving for us.  The goat cheese app was a perfect beginning, and as we were about 3 crostinis short on the cheese to bread balance, our server was quick to bring a few more, so that precious cheese would not go to waste.   My wife had the Seafood soup which was absolutley a joy.  Even good restaurants these days fall short of truly inspired flavor and this dish loaded with fresh seafood in a delicate yet savory broth was just amazing.  It had a personality all its own familiar yet a little exciting at the same time.  For me it was the Pork chop with the finest polenta I have every had.  If there is a filet mignon of pork chops this was it.  Since my wife is having a baby any minute now I had a glass of Tempronillo which I thought was nice option on a wine by the glass list.  We finished off with a simple but perfectly done apple-crisp ala mode.  After our meal we sat back with the quite satisfaction and grin of the chesire cat.   Nothing needed to be said we were in culinary paradise.  If that is not enough - the real magic of this place is the synergy of it all.  The food is amazing, the room has snap, but it all comes together with a diverse crowd unassuming yet hip (I hate that word).  A lovely group of four older people, next to my wife and I, sharing the energy with a young couple certainly on their first date and 4 ladies out for the evening.  Yes we all know Phoenix is growing and getting better every day, but this place is forcing its hand.  The city was alive and vibrant and best of all real , in this little masterpiece.  This is the kind of place I want to be a regular at - not because I want to be known there, but because I want to get to know it better.
4	I dig it. It reminds me of restaurants I would frequent back home in San Francisco. I found it to be a very cool spot with friendly, efficient bartenders and servers, diverse (yet relevant) menu and handsome architecture. I love the open airy-ness about the restaurant and the combination indoor-outdoor bar area.  The brick oven is impressive, the wines are exciting and the food is phenomenal.  Everything is very reasonably priced, including drinks.  Parking is valet-only, but it's complimentary. St. Francis is the perfect place for drinking wine with friends, and has definitely been added to my happy hour rotation.  It also strikes me as a great "date" spot. Not that I'm in any danger of needing to be concerned about that. For as cool as this spot is, nobody there seems to be up their own a$$ about it. The ever-increasing cloud of smug I've noticed in Phoenix has definitely passed over St. Francis.
5	This is one of my new favorite places to eat.  I've been a couple times now and the menu keeps getting bigger and better!  Last week I had a hamburger, of all things, and the taste was off the charts.  I also love their goat cheese, and fingerling potatoes.Then you have the resturaunt it's self.  I was told the building was constructed in the 1950's and took the owner almost a year to turn it into a the awesome place you will see today.Over all I say go and enjoy, you won't be disapointed!
4	I've only been once so far, but I was so happy to enter an architecturally trendy space with a hip vibe that doesn't suck. Laid back but most people were dressed smart casual. As much of a food snob as I can be (positively correlated with cost), I really just want decent food. Not covered up with scary sauces, not minuscule amounts of things that taste good surrounded by tons of starch, and not requiring me to bring my own hot sauce for adding flavor. This place is exactly what it seems and reportedly uses local ingredients. Yeah! Aaron chamberlain should know what the neighborhood wants by now  I think he's got it.  The Ahi tuna sandwich is the only one in the valley I have really liked. Generally I only go straight for the real deal via sashimi. Rare with bread of a correctly paired texture and an aoili fennil topping that was great.  Also the app of fingerling potatoes thanks to neighbors recommendation.  I LOVE anything that approximates a French fry and has a good sauce. They are just as described, deliciously crisp on the outside, soft on inside, large portion. My friend runs marathons, so it wasn't terrible that we over ordered on the carbs. Especially because we didn't stop there. Also HAD to order the mission fig, goat cheese, arugula flatbread. Bartender recommended and I thought for sure would be my favorite. Not so much. Not sure why, but throwing these awesome ingredients together is a bit of a science for it to wow. It was good, wouldn't order again. That's the snob in me, I know I can make it as good at home. Then again, considered how well executed everything else was, maybe they'll go over the average line next time.  Overall, Exactly as advertised which is what I like about this place, and the smallish menu emphases food of high quality.  Keep it small and do it right, I say! Cool space for bringing friends, will help fill the slowly lessening void in central Phoenix.
4	Great atmosphere, friendly service, nice space buidout, strong untraditional beer selection, fabulous flatbread. I know this is a soft opening and they're adding more wine and food to the menu, but until then, only four stars. Two thumbs up.
5	A tremendous meal, academic service and traditional AZ style.  No corners were cut with this restaurant.  When you go, request Angie - she's the best server in the state.
4	The food is dee-lish, and the details in the architecture are divine. A wonderful addition to the Phoenix restaurant scene. Love the roasted pork chop and flatbread with mission figs, arugula and goat cheese. Also enjoyed the Hitachino Nest Japanese beer. Another one for the rotation.
5	Sometimes you go to some fancy place that is all art and no substance.  Other times you hit the buffet line that is all food and no joy. In Phoenix no one has blended the two as tastefully as St. Francis.   The ambiance is hip without being exclusive.  The building itself is very open and worth the trip in and of itself.  The menu, while small, is loaded with dishes that will hook you and ensure return visits.  As a starter I'd recommend the Pumpkin soup.  I'm still trying to come up with an adequate superlative to describe the exhilaration I felt when that first spoonful made contact with my tastebuds.  The flavorful festival continues with the Green Chile Pork.  The dish itself is somewhat small but surprisingly hearty.  And cap off the evening with a desert, preferably in the form of the sticky toffee pudding.This place does the city proud and is one more shining light in a re- surging central corridor.
5	Num Num Num. Every dish I sampled was delish! Delightful atmosphere and chow.
2	We read so many good reviews on Yelp that we had to try this place. We took the light rail and arrived around 830pm Saturday night. The place looked very promising with its modern indoor/outdoor blended setup. It was a full house but not too packed. We waited around 20 minutes for a table which was passed with a round of drinks from the bar. This is where the downhill slide began. A Plum Blossom was ordered from the cocktail menu. It was so sugary, it really was totally undrinkable. The two Kiltlifters ordered came with about an inch and a half to spare to the top, as if someone took some sips on the way from the bar. The glass of house white was barely acceptable. During our wait we had time to study the menu and decided the pumpkin soup and pepper crusted flat iron steaks would be ordered by at least two in our party. Little did we know until seated that they were out of the flat iron steak which left very limited options. With pumpkin soup on the way along with a burger, the roasted chicken, and a flatbread, we still had high hopes. The pumpkin soup was brought quickly. The plate was burning hot and the soup ice cold with a hardened film covering the top. We would have sent it back but our entrees arrived so soon after there  wasn't time. Apparently they pre-pour and use heat lamps. The flat bread was just so so...very dry. The chicken was nothing to write home about. The burger was super well done (ordered medium well) and very dry. The menu states that it comes with a choice of sides but when we asked our waitress she stated that it only comes with fries. A bottle of Patz&Hall Pinot Noir was ordered for the table. Normally we love Pinot's but this one was awful. It was much too harsh. By the end of the meal we had had enough. Dessert was offered but we politely passed. Maybe we are the sole recipients of a bad meal as the star ratings on here are very high. But in our opinion, Postino's and Maizes have nothing to worry about if this is the best St. Francis can offer. On the plus side, there was a very entertaining crowd. The women's  bathroom was occupied by a frolicking couple so all in our party had the opportunity to digest the provocative corral art in the men's room. Normally this place would deserve nothing better than a single star but it gets two as the prices were reasonable and the atmosphere was worth something.
5	I had heard just a little bit about St. Francis before planning my visit, but everything I had heard had been so good I knew it was on the top of my list of new places to try.  St. Francis may have even exceeded my high expectations.We got there just after 5:30pm--able to park and walk from a friend's house in the neighborhood across the street.  The other member of our party had warned us she was going to be a little late.  Initially the hostess wouldn't seat us until our whole party arrived, so we got a drink at the bar--fun indoor/outdoor set up.  Bar food = amazing...can anyone say on-the-house dishes of olives, house-made chips, toasted nuts, and thin-crust cheese pizza.  The drinks were also good.  A nicely made, strong gin and tonic.  When I ordered it with extra lime, they gave me three pieces--good sign.  Toward 6pm, just as things started to fill up (they only take reservations for 6 or more, and its very popular), the hostess approached me, confirmed that the other members of my party were close on their way, and seated us--so nice.The food was incredibly savory--AMAZING.  Since we had already sampled the pizza at the bar, we ordered the baked goat cheese with tomatoes and pesto, and the ahi-tuna sandwich to share.  Our friend ordered a burger which looked delicious.  Chips (which were yummy) and pickled veggies (which were admittedly not the tastiest to me) came with the dishes.I am still craving the ahi-tuna sandwich.  It was a thick ahi-steak cooked perfectly to melt in your mouth perfection.  It was on a perfect, buttery roll...it had a drizzle of aioli.  I can't get it out of my mind and a part of me wishes I wouldn't have shared (even though it was certainly large enough).I'm dragging everyone I know here asap.  So delicious, friendly staff, relaxed environment, and great building.  Extra information: The building is two stories, it opens at 4pm (no lunch, damn), and there is a little kids meal for all you hip parents with free meals for little ones.
4	Located across Camelback from AJ's, watch the quick turn in if you are heading East on Camelback. SWCE (she who controls everything) AKA Ms. Ambiance noted the place was chic downstairs and many of our group noted how much quieter it was upstairs (on the other hand, I felt like...Hey, I want to be where the action is, not in the loft, SWCE and I like to be in the middle of things). Lots of pretty faces and short dresses and this seasons thing boots. (me likey). Everyone enjoyed their meal, Ms. Foodie noted that her mystery rice dish could have been better described by either the menu or our server. She and another in our party enjoyed the dish but was surprised by the black rice. I had the flat iron steak and it was just excellent, cooked well, peppery, just great. Mr. Wine collaborated with "the organizer" to select two great, very moderate reds a Malbec and a Pinot. Both around $3., Liked the Malbec so much, I just might have to find where to purchase several bottles. All agreed we had a great experience and were pleasantly surprised at the $85 bill per couple including tip. Random thoughts: The wine list could be more expansive (first expressed by Ms. Organizer) , specifically a few higher end selections. I initially thought the same of the menu but after perusal reconsidered. The servers and hostess staff were uniformly hot, understated and wearing tight shirts. I'm thinking this does not follow the law of averages, somebody must of thought this out. Nice touch. Off to untox.
4	I had not heard of this restaurant until the sister in law and brother suggested it for dinner after helping me with some last minute moving stuff. Upon first pulling up I was already stoked to try it. It is valet only, but it is complimentary. You have to walk around to the front after parking in the back/side of the property. They have a cool patio out there, but it was actually a chilly night so I don't believe there was anyone out there. First impressions are huge and this place didn't disappoint. The kitchen is open so you can see it from just about every angle. The bar is open to the outside as well via a large garage-type door. There was a short wait which we passed by having a drink at the bar. The downstairs dining area looked very intimate, with low lighting, but not the type where you need a flashlight to eat your dinner. They got it just right. We were seated upstairs where the first thing we noticed was the cork floors. Very interesting. Must have cost a bit as I believe cork flooring is pretty pricey. The upstairs would be great for a large birthday dinner, hint hint, wink wink. We were greeted by our server promptly and ordered right away since we had time to peruse the menu. I ordered an Ahi tuna sandwich which was done to perfection. Just the right amount of sear. The sister in law had the burger which looked pretty amazing as well. My brother made the best choice of the Pork Chili Verde. I am currently attempting vegetarinism/pescetarinism, but I had to cheat and try a bite. The pork literally melted in my mouth. It was Uh-Mazing!!! I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys some really good pork. The service was attentive all night and overall we had a great meal. I haven't been back since, but really need to get back there. This would be a really great date place too.
4	This is the beginning of a beautiful relationship. I had the pleasure of visiting St. Francis with fellow Yelpita, Teresa F. We were searching for a place to eat after discovering that the Parlor was closed on Sundays. What a lucky find when we checked in on St. Francis! I was immediately struck by the fantastic "open air" design of the restaurant. We were waited on by a very friendly, knowledgeable server who did not hesitate when asked about their offerings and daily specials. We decided to start with the Baked goat cheese which came with tomato, walnut herb pesto and toasted. It was so tasty! It could easily fill up a person! I had to hold back on devouring the app so I could still have room for the main event! For the main dish I chose the evening's fish special which was halibut with vegetables. I was so glad I went with the fish. It was so good. It was juicy and tender, with a flavorful pan seared crust. The vegetables that came with it weren't just an afterthought. In this case I had a green mixture that was fresh and complimented the fish perfectly. I was very impressed by my meal! While St. Francis is a tad on the pricier end, it is affordable, accessible cuisine. I really look forward to my next visit. The food was fresh and flavorful. The staff was friendly and knowledgeable. I'd pray to that Saint!
5	Great food, atmoshere and wine...LOVE St. Francis.
5	Thank you St. Francis. You saintly one you. We had a motley crew roll in last month to celebrate the 15th Anniversary of my 29th Birthday. We had a large sort of half booth half chair kinda table near the kitchen door. Well, the party grew bigger and bigger. Kinda like Kevin Federline's stomach and ass. Well our server, management and the host team made sure we were comfortable and never gave off the "dayum you big party" vibe. Food was outstanding. Specifically the starter salad and the pizza! Drinks were spot on and the Patron was a flowin'!I just had to update. I hope St. Francis (aka Aaron Chamberlain) reads yelp and sees this cuz I have to say "I love you man! I really love you".
4	This place is a lot bigger inside than you would think and it has 2 floors. We arrived at 445..HH is 4-6. Prices arent bad as far as HH goes but.. FYI kitchen doesn't open until 5. I started with the Almond Margarita which I though was unique. The first 2 sips you can definitely taste the almond..but after that it tastes like a tart lemonade..their drinks are NOT watered down. We tried the fingerling potatoes and it they were fantastic.. but its the lemon aioli that puts it over the top. The Goat cheese/bread also fantastic...I enjoy softer bread, but thats just personal preference. We also tried the ahi tuna sandwich and it was good but the apps blew it away. I will definitely return to try other things, especially a dessert!
3	I went to St. Francis on a weekday and it was very busy... I thought the food must be great... the best thing on the menu was the flat bread... Not too impressed wit the menu or with the rest of the food than we ordered. Good value in the wine list, attentive service. Valet parking??? Nice I never had anybody valet my car only two feet away??? but I guess we had no choice... I liked the decor... it reminded me like Chicago and Philadelphia restaurants  with the brick walls and the hardwood floor (well done on that)...  Overall just an Ok...
1	What an embarrassment! We took our friends from LA to this establishment for dinner on Saturday night. After a 50 minute wait, the dish I was craving, roasted pork chops, was no longer available. The drinks took over 15 minutes and the worst of it all, the place sold out of ALL desserts. How can you not have ANY desserts available on Saturday night at 10PM! Our waitress gave us every excuse possible why they were out of desserts, which made it that much more pathetic. We will not be back and St. Francis is fortunate they are in Phoenix, because this would never be tolerated in NY or LA.
4	St. Francis is the kind of place that I believe will define the near future in restaurant trends, an evolution of the post-recession "new normal," if you will. This is about approachable, comforting dishes prepared excellently - food fit for foodies, but not "foodie food" - at a moderate price point (entrees $12-25). And it all happens in a cosy, informal atmosphere that feels like a neighborhood hangout, with exposed brick walls, metal tables, a garage door that makes the bar indoor/outdoor when open, and waiters dressed in jeans and t-shirts. The chef comes from LGO Hospitality, and while this is his own venture, you can certainly see their influence here...there are similarities to Postino, Chelsea's Kitchen, and LGO Pizzeria, in the cuisine and especially in the atmosphere.The romaine hearts salad is the perfect way to start a meal, with a very light but flavorful dressing, a few slices of apple, the most amazingly thick and crispy bacon, and lots of creamy cheddar. You'll see the flatbread being served at a lot of tables, and for good reason. Firstly, because it's wonderful, with a perfect crust and tasty toppings, and secondly, because at $12 it's a steal...enough for an entree (probably with some left over) or as an appetizer for 2-4 people. The scallop special was amazing - perfectly cooked scallops paired with a lemon and caviar beurre blanc sauce and multi-colored cauliflower. The only mild disappointment was dessert, and less-so because of taste than because of misleading description. The warm sticky toffee pudding was delicious, but it was a little too dry to be a sticky toffee pudding...more like a toffee cake. It was also a little on the small side.Service was excellent, the vibe was great, and the price was right for the quality of food...it's not your weekly hangout, but it's not special occasion dining either. My prediction is that 2010 will be all about restaurants like this.
3	The remodel of this building is amazing. Its hard to believe that this space was vacant a year ago. The service is great, food is O.K.. Besides the goat cheese appetizer, the menu does not thrill me. However, I have been told by the staff that they are always developing new menu items, which is very exciting. This is great addition to the Central Corridor, looking forward to many more visits. BTW- $12 Patz & Hall Pinot Noir BY THE GLASS-WOW!!
4	Came here last night with the wife and friends.  Love the atmosphere.  They don't take reservations and a Friday night, so they quoted us an hour wait time.  It was definitely less than that and the great company made the time fly by in the outside bar area. The waiter was very nice.  He made a few mistakes with our orders, but nothing that ruined our meal.  I started with the pork chili....tender with a nice kick.  Next was the steak- great flavor.  I was supposed to have extra potatoes but they sent me extra brocolli...no complaints about that mistake as the meal overall was quite heavy.  All in all a nice evening and tasty meal.
4	I finally made my way to St Francis last night... better late than never, right?  I'd been wanting to try it for awhile, so upon deciding where to go with fellow yelpers Tammar and Brad, I suggested it.  Tammar had been before but the rest of us were St Francis virgins.  Not anymore!We made a plan to meet at 8pm but of course we were running on Jared time so while Tammar and Brad put our names on the list we were still on our way.  We arrived around 8:15 and Tammar and Brad were sitting outside by a fire lamp with drinks in hand.  According to Tammar, the total wait time was 36 minutes.  (They initially said it would be 30 - 40 so they were right on.)We admired the restaurant as we followed the hostess upstairs to where we were seated.  While the tables are fairly close together, the accoustics were perfect.  I sat next to Tammar and had "girl talk" with the guys did their thing on the other side of the table.  For drinks, I went with a glass of Argentinian Malbec, which I loved.   Tammar's Ketel One cocktails seemed to go down easy, Brad had a couple of different glasses of wine, and Jared went with some indie beer, one of which was Moose Drool.  Nice name!For food, the guys split the Green Chile Stew appetizer, T had the one and only salad on the menu (hopefully they will add another option for that in the future), and I chose to start with a side of their roasted vegetables.  Unfortunately, our waiter (Rob), must've misunderstood and I was brought a soup instead.  So by the time the mistake was corrected, the rest of the table was done with their starters.  Although I had to wait a long while, the roasted veggies were very good.  We were also served some fresh from the oven French bread and olive oil.And I was the odd man out when it came to entrees.  The three of them went for the Flatiron Steak while I was delighted with my Seafood Stew.  We were all way too stuffed for dessert, although the warm sticky toffee pudding sounds pretty amazing.  I guess we'll just have to return to try it sometime!All in all, a delightful dinner date... especially the pleasant ambiance, fantastic company, quality organic and fresh veggies, etc... I'm sure we'll come visit again soon, St. Francis.  Perhaps you'll consider taking reservations in the future and/or adding an additional salad option to the menu?!
4	I've had the pleasure of  trying St. Francis twice now... the latest  time, just last night, when I went with Yelp's one and only - the lovely Gabi - and her brand new hubby - Jared... plus my husband. It was a lovely double date, an occasion befitting the fun and hip vibe of this great little place.They don't take reservations for parties under 6 people... so as a result we had to wait for a table especially having arrived on Friday night at 8:00pm. They told us 45 minute to 1 hour but the table was ready within about 1/2 and hour so that was a great way to start the evening.The ambiance was great and our waiter was attentive and knowledgeable about the menu (he did screw up Gabi's order a bit which she wrote more about in her review...) I started with an apple and hearts of palm salad which was the only salad option in the starters section - it was fresh and tasty... I had it without the creamy chowder dressing it comes with. For my entree, I had the flank steak that comes with a red wine reduction, fingerling potatoes and I substituted the creamed spinach it comes with, for the roasted vegetables (which are offered as a side on the menu.) It was a delicious dish! the meat was flavorful and the veggies light and fresh. We were too full for dessert but the options looked amazing!!!The first time I dined there, I tried the veggie flat bread which was to  die for!!!  and I did try a couple of desserts that were ordered for the table... a chocolate mousse cake and the toffee pudding. They were, as they sound, delectable!!!I could have done without the wait each time,  but overall I've had two great experiences at St. Francis!!!
4	I visited St Francis the Sunday night the Cardinals beat the Packers right after the game (the valets actually told us of the win!) and we got right in.  We sat at a table/booth in the back which allowed for plenty of people watching, which was great. The decor is really modern and cool. It isn't a huge space but it's comfy feeling. I can't wait to come here when it warms up and the garage door front can be lifted. We ordered a carafe of the house chardonnay and dinner, no apps. The guys both got the burger, which looked amazing and was served with a bowl of nice crispy fries and some of the best ketchup I've had. One person had the Arctic Chard salad and I had the roasted chicken. The salad had a great flavor and so many veggies that I was sorry I didn't order it myself. I personally didnt love the chicken, I'm not a dark meat fan and chicken skin kind of grosses me out.  but the green whipped potatoes were excellent- just wished there had been more of them! Overall, I think its a great place,I just don't reccommend the chicken for wuss's like myself.
5	HOTTEST WAITER IN CENPHO ALERT!  I went tonight with Tony A for my first (finally!) visit to St. Francis.  I had first heard about it from Sunny B. and couldn't find it for a week after I read her review.  Duh!   It's right next to my bank!  When Tony suggested we go, I jumped right on that bandwagon!We had about a 15 minute wait.  The place looked packed, so 15 minutes was fine.  We sat outside and chatted for a bit.  We even talked about how cool it would be if we could sit upstairs.  Guess what?  WE WERE SEATED UPSTAIRS!!   Que milagro!Our waiter.  *sigh*  I shall hereforth refer to him as Dreamboat Brandon.  (spell check says "hereforth" isn't a word.  Is it???)  First of all, anyone who can deal with Tony and I together get major kudos.  We can be...raunchy brats when together.  Dreamboat Brandon rode the wave.  Great service on keeping our drinks filled and not hovering, even though the both of us would have loved that!I had the ahi sandwich, based on other reviews.  YUMMY!  It came with avocado and tomatoes and what I *think* was a horseradish mayo.  There was a little cup of homemade potato chips on the side.  Nice, thick (no, I'm not talking about Dreamboat Brandon!) steak of ahi on a thick Kasier-type roll.  The Arnold Palmer was made with mango iced tea, which was totally perfect with my meal.I love the decor!  Tony said I *had* to check out the bathroom.  Good thing I had to pee.  I couldn't figure out how to open the door to the WOMEN'S restroom and then it opened from inside...by a guy.  He said he couldn't wait.  I gave him the lecture on how WE have to wait in line at concerts and footballs games.  AND he had left the seat up.  Anyway, the bathroom was really funky.  There's even a safe in the wall, which I tried, while peeing, to open.  To no avail.  All of the staff was friendly and it was just a really cool atmosphere.  It's definitely a place CenPho needed.  I have never seen it empty, even on weeknights.  I am glad that it's so close to home.  I am also glad that they seem to be doing pretty well.  I would hate to see Dreamboat Brandon without a job.  Of course, I do need an assistant...
2	The ambiance is great, industrial urban chic, unusual for Phoenix. But exposed brick, aluminum table tops, and concrete floor make it quite noisy.     We were there for late lunch, so we were seated right away. Service was pleasant but not terribly efficient. Entrees were not brought out all at one time, and drink refills were spotty. A requested side of bread and butter never arrived.     The lunch menu is tiny, but the items sounded interesting. The soup, celery root with apple puree was a winner. The romaine salad was nice and fresh and well dressed. Portions are large. However, our hamburger was disappointing. It was way too salty, but the french fries were even saltier. And it was expensive for what it was, $12 for a burger no better than Indulge or Blue Burger.     I'd be willing to go back and give dinner a try, but I understand that the wait is long, and the noise level excruciating. We'll see.
5	I'm hesitant to give 5 stars after 1 visit, but I have to. Eating at the counter facing into the kitchen afforded us a real look at how much care and attention is put into the food, even though it comes out at a great pace.A chef named Cole manned the impressive wood-fired oven with ease and confidence, and all the while he and the other chef making all the salads took our questions and offered up useful information with a smile on their faces.Rather than get into details on each dish, I posted pictures of most of what we ate. Can't wait to explore the whole menu and look forward to specials and new additions.St Francis is a gem: a stylish modern bomb shelter of a place, serving up skillfully crafted comfort food. The neighborhood it's named after is lucky it landed where it did. Plus it would suck to name a restaurant "Campus Vista" or "Scary Place Where Carolina's Is".
5	Went here with a friend when I was in Phoenix on business.  I had the Roasted chicken with green garlic whipped potatoes,confit tomatoes and mushroom sauce.  It was very tasty!  I would definitely go here again.  The decor was modern, and a little noisy with the high ceilings, but it was fine.  They had a full bar, a good wine list, wonderful food and complimentary valet parking.  The music was very good as well..  They get 5 stars for playing DeVotchka while I was in there :D and serving wonderful food.
5	Heard about St. Francis from a friend and have been meaning to try it for a while now. We finally made it out and weren't disappointed. It's one of our new favorites. (Honestly every restaurant that has any sort of association to the LGO group turns out to be great in our experience, so we weren't surprised)Decor is modern, atmosphere is great. We were there on a Tuesday night and the place was packed. They only take reservations for large parties so we had about a 30 min wait which we spent drinking on the outside patio. They have a bar along the front of the restaurant that opens up to both the restaurant inside and the patio outside, which is a really nice touch and adds to the atmosphere.The food is upscale comfort food I guess? We started with the baked goat cheese app. It was flavorful and the pesto was such a good touch. The toasted bread was a little hard imo.For dinner we had a bottle of the malbec which was outstanding. Both my wife and I thought it was one of the best $35 bottles (restaurant price obv) that we've ever had. We shared the burger and the pork chop. The burger was a perfect medium rare which made me happy. The pork chop was great and the polenta had a hint of horseradish. I couldn't have been happier. There wasn't any part of the meal we didn't think was perfect.Oh, and for dessert have the sticky pudding. It's out of this world.Overall it was a perfect night. Plus we felt like the prices were really reasonable. One caveat, as some others have said, it's a hopping place and is pretty loud inside. We love that, but we were commenting while there how our parents probably wouldn't like dining there because it's not a quiet relaxing place..We'll definitely be back though :)
5	I went for lunch today for the first time. The food was exemplary. The decor is really cool too, swanky but organic. The service was very good. Lots of brick, steel and iron. I had the executive special lunch, which consisted of a citrus salad with dates and goat cheese, a vegetable risotto with spinach, cauliflower and creme fraiche and a bag of five (actually seven) cookies. The citrus salad was fresh and light, just what you'd want. The risotto was creamy and rich. The cookies were unbelievable. Three chocolate chip and two peanut butter sandwiches with peanut butter cream. All homemade, all delicious. I will be going back.
5	I know, I know, another rave review for St. Francis. Why bother, you might wonder?Because St. Francis is worth another 5 star review. And I'm sure they'll get many more.The restaurant is great inside, exposed brick, stainless steel tables, outside bar and dining as well as the inside dining room and the upstairs loft style area.The staff is genuinely friendly and helps keep the place from going from hip to pretentious, clad in their white t-shirts and jeans.The food. Oh, the food. St. Francis must be the patron saint of deliciousness, the best food you might have ever had.The menu is sparse and simple, A couple chicken, beef, fish, vegetarian options. But once you experience the food you realize there is no need to be any more elaborate. So many adjectives come to mind, exquisite, phenomenal, amazing, and they're all accurate.So do yourself a favor. Don't take it from me and the all the other yelpers, go to St. Francis and experience the immaculate mastication. After all, eating is believing.
5	Just about everyone has wonderful things to say about St. Francis...and I'm no different. But I will make this review short and sweet. The decor and overall feel of the place is uber cool and reminds me of Seattle in a way. I've been twice now and both times service has been outstanding. Maybe just a touch slow, but everyone in CenPho is trying to get into this place. I get it...they're busy. And for good reason. Which leads me to the food and drink section of my review. The green chili pork stew ($12) is amazing! Not too spicy, but bold flavors that go great with the cornbread. Also fantastic is the romaine salad with endive, bacon, apples, and a creamy cheddar dressing ($9). I have an allergy to apples and this was worth the slight break out in my throat. Too much info? Sorry folks...just telling the whole story. My two favorite items so far are the sweet corn polenta ($3 side dish) and the baked goat cheese with a tomato, walnut, hard pesto. They are both out of this world!! One one thing I would like to let Management know is that the little bread served with the goat cheese is so dang hard, they made my month hurt. Seriously, these puppies are CRISPY! So even with the apples and the bread that makes your mouth bleed St Francis still earns a 5 star in my book.  Try the St Francis Meyer Lemonade ($9) as well.  A little pricey, but VERY de-lish! St Francis is fabulous both for a date night and dinner with the girls.  But what can I say, Dottsy and Nico are two of my favorite people. :)Can't wait to take my sister here next week when she visits!
2	The atmosphere was nice what we saw of it. Our party had dined at this establishment over 20 times and we where placed at the worst table in the place on the second floor in the back. The food was good and the service adequate. when we left the valet asked us if we came in the old BMW it is four years old and cost over 100,000. I am never going back and will tell all my friends that this place is not acceptable.
3	I would have given this place 4 or 5 stars, but the service was just terrible!  Cool atmosphere, good food (although small portions for my male companions), and good location; however, the terrible, slow service left a bad taste in our mouth!  Not sure I would go back because of it...
3	Again, i wish yelp had half stars. i would give this place 3.5 stars. i am rounding down because, well I thought this place was kind of forgettable. We arrived in time for the Happy Hour specials, so we ordered drinks: I had ths plum flavored cocktail which they no longer have on the drink menu anymore. The menu said it has basil in it but when I ordered it they said that they were out of basil and they were just going out to get more. 25 minutes later I had my drink. The basil made no difference anyway.  The hubby and I were really hungry so we had the baked goat cheese. It was bubbly, tomatoe-y and delicious. That was probably the best thing we ordered. The bad thing was that they didn't give us enough toast to go with it, so we had to ask for more, which made us look like huge fatties. For the main course I had the pork chop. That was probably the worst thing on the menu. It was this huge, thick piece of meat that was nicely seared on the outside. I was excited because i was hoping it would be super-juicy inside. No, they failed. It was tough and dry. I could barely cut through it. It was flavorful though and the polenta that it came with was good. I think they have changed this dish a little since then because I don't remember there being brussel sprouts as in the current menu (I hate those nasty little things). My husband had the seafood soup/stew that's not on the current menu. The broth was a little fishy but the seafood in the soup was cooked well. I am not sure how the food on the current menu is, but I hope they made some improvements. I really like the atmosphere of the place and would go back to give it a second chance. Maybe we will get to sit upstairs!
4	12/22/09What a charming, yet rustic-looking little restaurant we have here in Phoenix!  Quite a surprise to find this gem... I knew as soon as I walked through the doors that I was in for a treat :) I really liked the openness of the lay-out, which offered many views of the kitchen and its busy staff.  I had a hard time deciding where to sit, so inviting this venue is!  Came to check out their happy hour menu.  Complimentary apps consisted of olives, housemade potato chips, and cheese pizza.  I ordered a glass of St. Francis Meyer Lemonade (all cocktails reg. $9/HH $5) and helped myself to some pizza and chips.  The lemonade was a smash!  I'd love to order this drink made w/ house-infused vodka and fresh lemonade again :)  Liked the chips, but found the pizza to be cold and soggy.  When I went back to check out the olives, I noticed that the pizza had not been replaced w/ a new one and looked exactly as it did after I took a few slices... I'd suggest anyone to just skip the complimentary food and order straight from the menu.After looking over the limited menu [apps, entrees, sides, dessert, and even a two-item kids' menus (no charge!) all on one uncluttered, easy-to-read page], I decided I'd go for the Open-faced Pot Roast Sandwich w/ broccolini and caramelized carrots.  (I'd hoped that w/ only a few entrees to choose from, that the food would be amazing.  I needn't have worried.)  While waiting for my food to arrive, I decided to order another drink, since I'd already downed the delicious lemonade; I chose the perfectly pretty purplish Prickly Ricky- a cocktail made w/ prickly pear and citrus juices, tequila, and a little beer.  Yet, another winner!  Not too sweet, and the tartness was just right.  The beer flavor was definitely there.  Nice!The open-faced sandwich was a delight to my senses!  Loved the presentation, the flavors, as well as the different textures!  I would've preferred that the bread be served on the side, bec. what little of it that remained toasted (grilled) was very good.  (I left most of the soggy bits on the plate.)  The vegetables were simply outstanding!  How I'd wished there were more of them :)  But it's always best to be left wanting for more than to have too much, yes?But what about dessert?  How could I possibly have room for it?  I don't know, but I certainly found some, and I'm glad that I did, for the Warm Sticky Toffee Pudding, served w/ a canela of sweet cream gelato on top, was just incredible!  So much so, I'm at a loss for words to describe it, so please forgive me if I just let the photos speak for themselves.  (I will tell you this- I left not one drop of toffee sauce on the plate!)  I will definitely be back!
5	A new foodie friend of mine turned me on to this restaurant and I definitely wasn't disappointed. Went for dinner and started off by ordering a wild mushroom risotto with oven dried tomatoes and parmesan froth complemented with a Hitichino Nest white ale. Whenever I see Hitichino Nest on the menu I know I'm in the right place... Risotto was cooked perfect, slightly al-dente with nice earthy tones from the mushrooms and a light zing from the parmesan.I sat at the chefs table so as I waited for the entree Chef Cole threw together a flat bread with caramelized onions and olives with a bit of roasted peppers that had a nice heat to every bite.I ordered a Chimay to go with my open-faced pot roast sandwich with broccolini and caramelized carrots. Pot roast was nice and savory served over a thick slab of texas toast.  Taste was predictable until the caramelized carrots took over and pulled the flavors into another direction.Forbidden rice became my dessert for the night. Simple light dish of rice and vegetables.  A must when you visit...
5	Great food and drinks.  The service was excellent! If you go with a group of four or more on a Saturday night, plan to wait about an hour and 30 minutes, which really wasn't that bad as there was plenty of space on the patio and the bar tenders were quick at pouring the drinks.
4	St. Francis definitely has the ambiance down. Driving by, I always thought the front glass booth seating would be a perfect place for a small party of friends to celebrate a special occasion. It was the first place I sat when I finally got to--the second day they started serving lunch, in fact, for a friends birthday. One word of caution and slight disappointment is the path leading to the main entrance... it's not exactly paved, so it could get messy on a rare rainy AZ day. And it's not just the physical space, but the musical space that St. F delivers... It is Indie Music Paradise and I LOVE IT. I even have a playlist in iTunes gathering up all the songs I hear. Overall, their track list is fairly small in terms of rotation... I heard several of the same songs repeated every time I visited (A total of 4, but the first 2 times I was there to get a GC, then to make reservations). I heard The Shins, Fleet Foxes and Nouvelle Vague. But it's growing because last time I heard Radiohead, Portishead, Supreme Beings Of Leisure and Feist to name a few more.For my first dining experience, I had an open faced sandwich... I think it was pulled pork... with butternut squash and sauteed spinach... It was tasty and pretty filling--I brought 1/2 of it home for another meal. I wished it came with fries like the French Onion Burger a few of my co-workers had to round it out, but in the end, I didn't need  to as one of them was "being good" and gave me her fries... SCORE! They were definitely generous in serving size and pretty tasty. Other co-workers delighted in an Ahi Tuna Salad (Or was it a sandwich...?)... and I believe everyone loved their Ice Tea.The second time I went was for dinner... again, for a friend's birthday and this time I got to sit upstairs. I was secretly hoping we would be seated up there after discovering they had a second floor... 2-story restaurants are few and far between here in AZ, land of low and horizontal sprawl. We were seated at the furthest end of the 1/2 boot seating... so had a great view down to the bar... the large garage door was raised all the way up, so we got some fresh winter air. A couple of my friends got the Baked Goat Cheese, Tomato, Walnut Herb Pesto and Toasted Bread for Appetizers, so I got to try a taste. Yup, Goat cheese is too strong a flavor for me.I decided on the Wild Mushroom Risotto with Oven Dried Tomatoes and Parmesan Froth. Yes, froth, see picture for effect. My favorite part of the flavors in the dish were from the oven dried tomatoes... makes me want to experiment at home because they were heavenly... I wished I had more than 2 on my plate. The mushrooms surprised me as they packed a lot of flavor, too... usually I think of them as pretty mild, but they definitely offset and added to the creamy cheesy risotto taste. When I order this dish again, I will make sure and ask for extra Tomatoes... YUM. Again, a friend declined her potato side... this time the extra thin Crispy Potato chips and we all got to try them. They were VERY thin, quite possibly the thinnest chips I've ever had and had varying texture and taste... some were pretty plain, others salty and others still with a hint of vinegar... it was like a box of chocolates! Ba dum DUM! It was funny, we looked like potato connoisseurs chip tasting. I also got a bite of my friends Peppered Crusted Steak and it was really good! I am not often a steak orderer--pepper crusted at that (usually find the flavor to be too strong), but I would order this one.For dessert, we had the most interesting one on the menu: Warm Sticky Toffee Pudding, Sweet Cream Gelato. Be forewarned it's not pudding as in a pudding cup. It's bread pudding, but as a yelper said, it was more like a cake. I liked the flavor... it reminded me of (Buttter) Rum Cake... which I like when the Rum doesn't over power the entire dish. Sweet Cream Gelato? I assumed it was Vanilla and the melted toffee made it hard for me to think anything otherwise. If I have it again. I will have to take note of it's subtle flavors alone.I have to go back at least 3 more times... to try out a new area of restaurant. I still have yet to eat in the main portion of the first floor dining space, the patio and the bar. I'm REALLY curious about their cocktails. I've heard good things about the Meyer Lemonade... love mojitos... and there's is pineapple infused one so I want to try that it (It's the island girl in me)... Heck I think I want to try every specialty drink off the menu! Good thing St. F's in my 'hood.The only thing I can say is a detriment is the price--it's quite pricey and a lot of the dishes are small, but if you're creative and share it's doable without too much of a hit to your pocketbook. Or, if not, go here as a "treat" place. Definitely a place to bring a special someone or celebrate a special occasion.
5	Best new spot to open in Cen Pho for ages.The goat cheese app is amazing.I ate the best (bone in!) pork chop on the planet. The polenta... perfect. The presentation, artful. My date ordered the chicken, hot and smoky. The chicken wasn't bad, either.The bread is real bread, with a crust that one must chew and chew and chew. And chew. It was heaven.The service and ambiance are so good, I forgot that I was still in AZ for just a few minutes.
5	Can I just say WOW! The warm and rustic atmosphere and friendly service invited me even before being seated. I sat at the (4 seater) bar facing the open kitchen and chatted w/ Cole while I waited on friends. Love the open kitchen! Cole was busy shoving entrees into/out of the hearth oven but made me feel like the only customer in the place...and like the oven wasn't a gazillion degrees. Now that's a professional! I started w/ celery and apple soup. Sweet, savory and creamy. For entree I had the vegetarian rice bowl that was packed full of flavor and so colorful w/ white and purple cauliflower, brussel srouts, black rice and more. I can't wait to go back for the pork stew w/ cornbread. Rumor has it that its reeeealllly good! Oh, and I'm not a big fan of sticky toffee pudding. But I tried theirs, and now I'm a cheerleading fan! Bon Appetite!
5	So great that a place like this is in Central Phoenix.  Awesome atmosphere, great drinks (Lagunitas IPA on tap my fave) and love the tuna sandwich.  Can be a bit of a mob scene on the weekend but that won't keep me away.
4	The Dinner Club pick for January was St. Francis - the new CenPho hot spot.Parking: there really isn't much. We were the last car into the lot before the valet shut down the lot with cones. Not sure where those people trying to get in after us ended up parking...but be warned, parking is an issue, especially on Fri and Sat nights.Food: the consensus - very good. Starters/Soup: We started with the baked goat cheese, which was good, and there was enough for all 8 people to have a few bites. One of us ordered the cream of celery soup, which was a hit, delicious, warm, flavorful, creamy...yummmm. Main Course: The main courses were all very well received with the exception of the green chili pork...lacked flavor, and even worse, lacked heat!! The cornbread served along side was also on the dry side. The other questionable entree was the flatbread...which could be delicious but it was covered with very salty kalamata olives (and I love kalamata olives) but there were waaaaay too many. It completely overwhelmed the rest of the toppings. However with a little less olives I have no doubt it would be delicious. Winners were the roasted chicken, and the pot roast sandwhich (fantastic), we will be back for the pot roast sandwichDessert: we had 2, they were tasty, but nothing special, and we left a few bites on the table (since I make a rule to never, ever leave a desset behind this either spoke to how full I was or the lack-luster nature of the dessert, I havent decided which). Other factors:service: mostly good. only problem was no spoon delivered with the soup and it took about 5-6 min to track down a server to fetch one, however once the food runner realized he had forgotten the spoon, he was very apologetic and offered to get me a new bowl...which wasn't necessary, but the gesture was appreciated.Drinks: nice mixed drink selectionOverall: good restaurant made better by the ambiance and the fact that its about 5 min from all of our hourses...DC score = 4 stars
5	This restaurant exemplifies how to make a customer for life. I was working late on Valentine's Day and my girlfriend was at Montelucia babysitting for a tourist, so I figured I'd take the opportunity to saddle up at a bar somewhere and get a quick bite to eat. Houston's had a set menu and was full, Oregano's was packed to the gills and offered a small menu as well, then on to SunUp, who had a limited menu as well. By this point, I was ready to pop... I just wanted a bite to eat, but I didn't want to settle for Subway again. From the moment I arrived at St. Francis, I felt 100% welcome. I asked the valet where I could self park, he said right up front I could take any place I wanted. The hostess, when asked if I could eat at the bar, said I could make myself right at home. They were all so nice. I saddled up to the bar and was immediately given a "couple's" menu featuring a rather steeply priced dinner for two. I got out of my seat and before I left I asked the bartender if she happened to know of a place in the area which wouldn't be on a set menu (who knows, she might have a friend in the industry that told her where they work wasn't doing anything special.) She snarked back that they were offering the couple's menu and that was it. Perhaps she was upset she was working V-day, but she was the only unhappy person I encountered. Her bar-back was on the ball and went to get the manager, who immediately offered to get me a burger and fries! Awesome!The French Onion Burger was fantastic. It was a very high quality and inventive way to serve a hamburger, and was sided by some great french fries and a spicy ketchup that I found to be delicious. $20 for a burger and a beer was a little more than I would expect to pay normally, but this is a VERY nice restaurant so I quickly got over it.Overall, this is a neat spot anyway, but the overly accommodating attitude of the staff made it an easy five-star review in my book. I can only hope they are like this all the time, and if they are, they will succeed for a long time to come.
4	Took a flyer on this place because we were in the neighborhood.They had a decent wait, but a nice outdoor and heated patio on which to chill out and have a cocktail. We passed the time nicely.Food was really good, the service was pretty cool - with a very casual vibe thrown in - and one of the chefs actually brought out our dinner because my girlfriend wanted to know how they incorporated celery root into their soup. Our server brought out an envelope with the recipe and quietly slipped it to her, which was followed up by a visit from one of the chefs and a discussion about how to cook with celery root properly. This really pushed St. Francis into a major thumbs-up: when chefs and restaurants aren't afraid to share knowledge and talk with customers about techniques, they win in our book.Go there - you'll enjoy it.
3	We had miserable service this week at dinner. Who hires the staff? The food was sketchy at best. What has happened to this gem of a restaurant? We will be going else where on our next evening out.
4	I debated between three and four stars because although I did not really like my meal, everyone else I was with seemed to enjoy theirs.  St Francis has a really neat atmosphere, with convertible, indoor/outdoor seating.  The service was good, but the food just didn't really impress me.  I wasn't super hungry, so I ordered the flatbread with fig and goat cheese, and it just didn't impress.  Nevertheless, everyone else in my party had the burger and fries and really enjoyed their meals, particularly the fries.  Maybe if I had come with a larger appetite I would have enjoyed the meal.  Overall, I would give a five for atmosphere and three for food, but I may be changing my review.
3	I was pleasantly surprised by the atmosphere and how it looked like it belonged it a much more sophisticated city than Phoenix. That, however was the high point. First, we were greeted by a man who was sitting at the counter eating his dinner. With a full mouth, he asked us how many in our party-gross!The service initially was decent, but at some point our server passed our table off to another server. We totally slipped through the cracks. No one came to ask us how everything was, if we needed anything, (we did), or even acknowledged us. The food was decent but nothing to get excited about. Not a fan here.
5	Wandered in on a sunday night after a long day of traveling.The space is beautiful, and the service gracious while not being obnoxiously over-smily. They seated us in a quiet corner, as asked. The menu is short and sweet, I had a hard time choosing something from the many delicious sounding options.In the end I went for the white fish with moroccan spices and the apero cocktail. Totally delicious, both of them. The fish especially was wonderful, light, the spices just right. Texturally, the almonds on the top went wonderfully with the steamed green veg and flakey-creamy fish.I live nearby and am SO happy to have found a healthy & tasty place close by. Vive St Francis!
5	I was very excited to come here for my first visit with a few friends this past Sunday. It also made me a little nervous though because I was afraid I would be let down as I was expecting too much.Well I definitely was NOT let down! I got there about 5 min before they opened. I was actually afraid it was closed, no cars in the parking lot, no sign of life inside, but I tried the door and walked in. The manager greeted me explaining the bar was open but kitchen wasn't open until 5.  I was fine with drinking for an hour to pass the time! So my friends and I sat at the kitchen bar. I highly recommend sitting here (room for 4). The Chef, Cole, is a friggin riot. I don't think I've laughed so hard in a long time. He made us feel like we were the only ones in the restaurant. It was a great feeling.We got to try an amazing cheese pizza he made as well as some focaccia (sp?) with carmelized onions and celery and goat cheese. IN.CRE.DI.BLE!For my entree I had the Pot Roast. It was very good. I have to admit though, it wasn't great. I sampled the pork chop and the stew and both of those were awesome. The dessert has to have been my favorite part of the meal. After eating at Hula's the night before, you would have thought I would learn not to share! That was not the case. It made me sad.So for the ambiance I give a strong 5 stars.Appetizers = 5 starsEntrees = 4.9 starsDessert = 5 starsService = 4.25 stars (Chef Cole was awesome, the manager was awesome and came and talked to us as we were leaving, but our server was a bit dull. She was good at getting our food to us quickly and drinks refilled promptly, she just wasn't personable at all.)Overall a great experience and I am rounding up to a perfect 5 star rating.
4	First visit here was on a Saturday at 7 with a group of 10 for a birthday.  We had a table in the upstairs section which was really nice.  They allowed us to bring balloons and confetti and other decorations and set the table up before the guest of honor arrived.  They also allowed us to bring our own cupcakes.Service was great - we only had two hours for the entire meal because we had a tight schedule for the other festivities of the night.  The waitress had no problem with that, took our drink and entree orders right away, and everything came out super quick.Unfortunately we didn't order apps due to the time constraint.  But most of us shared our entrees and they were great almost across the board.  The winner of the night in everyone's mind was the Forbidden Rice which had the most exotic, refreshing, floral type of taste (jasmine maybe?).  I personally had the green chile stew which was spiced perfectly and the portion was deceivingly hearty despite it's small size.  The wifey ordered the whitefish which was cooked well and the broth was fantastic.  However, there was a large hunk of fish spine (bone) attached to the fillet which was incredibly off putting.  We didn't speak up about it because everything else was so good and it was easy for my wife to close her eyes while I removed the offending bone.  The salmon salad had a huge portion of grilled salmon atop greens and though I didn't taste it because I'm not a salmon fan, my friend really enjoyed the dish.  The loser of the night was the "Wood Roasted Seasonal Vegetables" side dish, which was a plate of incredibly over cooked mushy brussel sprouts (which is "vegetable" singular not "vegetables" plural) that seemed braised and not roasted on account of the mushiness.All had a great time and I look forward to trying St. Francis again.
4	This was my second trip here and it didn't disappoint. We started off with one of the flatbreads...a must try. The crust has just the right crunch to chewy ratio and slight buttery taste. Delicious! The Romain Hearts salad was very good too...didn't even need dressing. For the main course, I was waffling between the monk fish and the Forbidden Rice dish. I decided on the fish, but wish I would've went with the rice. This is more based on preference than execution of the dish. I did have a great flavor.All in all, St. Francis delivered again. Service in the restaurant could've been a little better, but the valet was extremely nice and helpful.
4	i love the vibe of the place and the food is pretty good.  i am just not a hige fan of the menu... i felt that it was pretty small and fancy.  my palate is not that sophisticated.  but not a bad place for a drink
4	My wife and I enjoyed dinner with a friend while on vacation.  Great server who shared some personal things and had a real POV on the menu...love that.Tried a variety of things...all great.  Lagunitas IPA on tap and enjoyable wines.
3	Arrived relatively early on Sat. night and waited about 15 minutes for a table. Not bad! The ambience and decor are very urban cool, brick and steel, visually interesting. Tables are a little too close together, but not a deal breaker. Wait staff was friendly and efficient. We had a kiltlifter and an Almond tequila margarita to start....both crazy good.We heard the server at the table next to us really raving up the whitefish of the day, Monkfish.  When our server presented the dish, he also said it was amazing.  I am a big fan of monkfish and he assured me it  was fresh, so I was in! We ordered it and the roasted pork chop. The pork chop was everything we could have wanted, pink and juicy, super flavorful, the accompaniments were a perfect complement.Sadly, the monkfish was so flavorless, as to be inedible. And there was not much else on the plate that was interesting enough on its own to bother with .  Ok... it happens, BUT a true sign of the very best restaurants, is when the staff has been instructed to Care About when it happens and not just clear a full plate without an inquiry.The upside was I had plenty of room for the sticky pudding, which was as great as expected.I will probably return to the St. Francis but would not entertain guests there.
3	In a word... Meh.  Actually, I don't think that is even a word, but it should be.  I was moderately impressed, but not so much that I would return any time soon.  There are too many great restaurants in Phoenix and Scottsdale at which to spend my hard-earned dough.  Ok, well, actually it is someone else's hard earned dough as I date but you get the idea...First the dislikes:Wine list:  Not a big selection.  Like one italian red and no merlot or zinfandel and I think that Phx is more sophisticated than that.  We  like a LITTLE variety...  The Menu:  I don't know about you but I like more than a few offerings for my appetizer and dinner.  I mean, you don't have to be the Cheesecake Factory but one soup, a potato thingie, a salad  and baked goat cheese just is not much of an offering.  Also, I don't eat meat and I am pretty healthy with what I eat, and the only healthy thing I saw on the menu I could eat was the salmon salad.  Just not a big selection period.   Service:  A mixed bag.  Great attentive waitress who got us our drinks as soon as we got there and was really nice.  However, the actual meals themselves were oddly served.  My companion got his pork chop and then we both sat there looking at each other as they never served mine. Thank God for my scintillating wit and fabulous conversational ability! However, being the gentleman that my companion is, he wouldn't eat without me having my meal and finally we told the server to put his back on the warming plate in the kitchen (EWWW!!) 'til mine was ready to be served.  Apparently, they burned my salmon and had to re-do?  Then 5 minutes later when we got our dinners, the companion again had to flag down a server to get salt and pepper on the table.  Now what is up with that?  What kind of restaurant makes you request salt and pepper?  Especially with pork chops?  Back home, mom's good old cooking meant that you salted and peppered the heck out of the pork chop.  Maybe this is different here but I have never had that happen...Dessert was their bread pudding which was highly recommended by the waitress and I guess it was good but I just have never been a big fan of that type of dessert.   Likes:  As I said above, really nice waitress and we met the owner.  One interesting thing about the womens' bathroom is that there is an actual safe in there on which they hang the TP from the turning circle.  Kinda cool and the owner told me that they found that there when they did the demoltion and it has still never been opened.  Just think, we could have Al Capone's Vault in there!  Welll, probably not but I told him it would be a great promotion to open it as a party theme...Anyhoo, as well, when we FINALLY got the meals they were excellent.  The salmon was cooked nicely with a great little lemon vinaigrette and the pork chop was to die for.  The goat cheese app by the way is FABULOUS.  Oh, and the after dinner coffee was tasty.So that is it..good food, not a lot of options.. limited wine list and we would up at Rokerijj for after dinner drinks...  and then the evening wound up ... better!
4	I have been here quite a few times before twice for dinner and a few times for drinks.  The atmosphere is cool and the crowd is hip artsy and creative.  The chef is supposed to be the next big thing in Phoenix and he must be as every time I go, there is either a local celeb or another local chef enjoying a meal; which to me always means that the food must be good if someone who can cook is going here for dinner.I think any of the fish on the menu is great and you MUST get:The Goat Cheese Ap The Romaine hearts salad with endive, heirloom apples, bacon and creamy cheddar dressing and...The Warm sticky pudding with sweet cream gelato Desert.  I think with a little time this place will get the bugs worked out they have handling the crowds they get Thurs-Sat and once they find that flow this might end up being one of the best places to see and be seen in town.
5	Anytime a restaurant can get me to come back twice in the same week....now that's amore'! This time I had pot roast which is not on the online menu. Not just any ole' pot roast. Succulent and pan seared w/ reduced juices like chefs do short ribs. OMG (licking fingers right now)! Its served open-faced on Texas toast and all w/ all the traditional pot roast veggies. But as anyone will tell you, I can usually figure out a way to up the ante on a dish. So! Instead of Texas toast, I asked for it to be served atop of their roasted corn polenta....Au jus gravy dripping down the sides of the polenta mound. Oh Yeah! I see you licking your chops! My server told me "no" to substituting the Texas toast. So... again...sitting at the "kitchen counter" as usual....I just looked at Cole and gave him the pouty face. He said "Ok"! :))My friend had the Fred Flintstone sized pork chop...that was deeee-lish! But we both agreed that mine was better (wink). No desert this time. More vino was my desert. I must have had the last of their Patz and Hall Pinot Noir on my last visit. Nooooo.....I wasn't driving. LolBon Appetite!
5	Our Happy Hour Friday started here and we did not have to look any further.  Architecture wows you and we were continuously pouring over the building details of this custom eatery. (Apparently the chef and the architect toured 30+ restaurants in San Francisco to determine desired elements for St Francis.) Ah yes, the food!  Great happy hour prices with a $10 carafe of grenache and free bruschetta, roasted red onions on foccacia, olives, and nuts. When have you seen free appetizers during a happy hour? I just haven't and these eats were awesome. The quality of the appetizers held us over until dinner service at 5 pm. Our server was really watching out for us and took our order as soon as the kitchen started rockin'. I enjoyed a salmon & salad with with a Nicoise touch and Beau coveted a pork chili with corn bread.  Nice fresh vegetables with the salad and perfect house dressing.  That's just the starters on this menu!  We were full but are quite excited to return. Service was impeccable. Thanks Angie!!
2	Either I was only given half a menu, or there is extremely limited choices for food selections?  (yes, the goat cheese appie, the only teaser on the menu other than a type of glorified French fry, was good).  The wine list was also small - 5 whites by the glass, a few more reds.  The (back bacon?) sandwhich I shared was very greasy & oily - ick.We were invited to a Devoured Kick-Off event in which we were told we would be involved with 9 bartenders from different establishments who were going to make their concoctions, and that we would be able to try them all.  We were told to sit outside, even though we were early and there was available seating at the bar.  Well, unless you were seated directly at the tiny bar - about 5 or 6 seats on either side - there was no chance for any tastings, as anyone seated there got them all to themselves.  After a few pours, we indicated there seemed to be a situation and were told that no problem: continue sitting outside and they will soon be passing them around.  Didn't happen.  After about  1/2 way through, we realized we would not be partaking of any libations.  We indicated our displeasure, a refund was given, but we were definitely & hugely disappointed.  {We had about 3 other events we had been invited to on this same night, 1 being a free preview screening of a new movie, the other was a new restaurant much closer to home}, and needless to say we were bummed at missing out on better opportunities we had turned down.  Driving all the way here for what?  (Oh, any bar service was, of course, taking forever since it was full of bartenders for the event, so waiting for drinks in any way sucked all around).I should point out that the manager very chivalrously proffered 2 signature Lemonade Cocktails upon overhearing our disappointing dilemma regarding the Martini Tastings.I guess all was not lost, since Halo was across the street & I had been wanting to pop in there for a new custom jewelry piece for a piercing.  Overall, I seriously doubt I'd be back, considering how far from home this is, and all the other many alternates we passed on the way getting there.  But I would be ok with recommending it to someone who either lives nearby, driving past there anyhow, had something else to do in the area.  It is certainly an establishment which seems to be shiny and new in an area which is tired and drab.  Seems to be out of place where it is.  Would I go if it was located in say, Old Town?  maybe I'd give it 6 months before I thought about that. but maybe...
5	I hat the pepper and pork stew, it was fantastic, and very filling. Along with the stew I also had the creamy corm Polenta it was absolutely great. It had a nice atmosphere and some unusual architectural design. Give it a try.
5	Great place to eat.  We had the pot roast and it was amazing!  I cant wait to go back and eat again.
4	Yum! I've been meaning to write this review for awhile.. and I'm not sure why I waited so long.  LOVE LOVE St. Francis!  LOVE the food!LOVE the decor! LOVE the cocktail list! Must haves breakdown-- if you haven't been:App: Baked Goat CheeseEntree: The chicken was the best entree at our table other honorable mentions: pot roast and stewDessert: sticky toffee pudding... delicious! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
5	This was my second time dining at St. Francis and this time had the pleasure of dining on the patio! It was so cute! The whole place has great atmosphere and charm! So glad a friend introduced me to this Phoenix gem! Since I am a creature of habit, and because I have been craving the Forbidden Rice and Veggies since my last trip, I went for the sure bet. Was just as good as I have been dreaming and was even considerably different due to a new variety of veggies. Due to my rec, my carnivorous dining companion opted for the same dish, claiming it was his first ever without protein, but is now convinced that my life as a veg is not so bland after all. Will be back for more! :)
5	I feel like such a failure for not making it here sooner.  What kind of CenPhoenician am I for being like the 83rd review?  Sad.So I FINALLY got to go for lunch.  Decided to try the "business lunch" a trio that costs $18 and says that you will be out in 30 minutes.  I wasn't in any hurry so I didn't time it, but the food was quite prompt.The first course was an asparagus salad.  It was about 5 stalks of asparagus topped with pine nuts, cheese, and some drizzle of sauce.  It was amazing.  I normally hate pine nuts but these added a great saltiness to the meal.  This alone was totally worth the trip.The second course was a skirt steak with white bean hummus and spinach.  The steak was really good - perfectly cooked.  The spinach could have used a bit of sea salt to bring out more of the flavor and break up the simple taste.  The white bean hummus was freaking amazing.  Never thought anything that sounded so nasty could be so good.  Way impressed!The final course was a bag of cookies.  An awesome lunch dessert.  There were two chocolate chip, three sugar, and 1 strange almond sandie type cookie.  Did not enjoy the last one but the others were great.Wish I could go back more often but this place ain't cheap.  Still love it though!
4	I was to St. Francis when it originally opened and thought I'd reserve comments until the restaurant gelled. Went back last night with a large group for a birthday party and enjoyed a topnotch dining experience. The hostess was very polite and promptly seated us. The servers were uber-friendly and enthusiastic about working there. They were also on the mark throughout the dinner. St. Francis is a welcomed addition to the central Corridor dining scene. The indoor/outdoor vibe at the bar and lounge area/patio seating is great during Spring weather. Everyone at the dinner enjoyed their meals. My girlfriend and I shared an incredible romaine salad. Crisp bacon and yummy white cheddar ranch dressing. (Sorry we split this salad, next time I am ordering a whole salad for myself!) For dinner I ordered the green chili pork stew. The heat level was right on and the pork was savory. The corn bread was okay. In all, liked it better than Roaring Fork's green chili stew. My girlfriend ordered the pot roast. The meat was tender -- the glazed gravy was delicious. Served on a nice piece of toasted Texas toast. Carrots were cooked to perfection. Missed out on dessert because the hostess brought a red velvet birthday cake, but we will be back!
3	All hail the server that gave me a to go container of the caramel popcorn on my way out! There's a deeper, sexier story about the caramel popcorn.. but I'll get back to that.Now that I have your attention... ;)What a nice little place this is. I was there on a Thursday night and it was rather peaceful and quiet. The relaxing atmosphere was just what the doctor ordered on a night of catching up with a friend I haven't seen in awhile.  While it seems small, I am amazed at how much space there really is there. I started with an arnold palmer which was delicious. So much so, that I stayed with it the entire night. Everything on the menu to me looked good, but nothing really stood out as fantastic-I-have-to-have-that-right-now good. Craving flavor, as I have been lately, I went with the green chile stew item. While small, it was the right amount of food and had a pretty good flavor. The killer part of the night though was the dessert that we shouldn't have had but decided to share. The one both of us agreed on was the chocolate cake with caramel. We were expecting cake. We were expecting gelato. We were expecting caramel. We were NOT expecting caramel corn. Holy mouthgasm St. Francis! I'm not a fan of super sweet things so the mix of the salty totally did me in and we found ourselves eating almost every last bit of that cake. Heaven. Try that cake! At one point I believe I mentioned I wanted to marry whomever is responsible.In the end, the dessert was fantastic and the mood was great, but none of the dishes screamed at me. I may be back for that cake though.
5	It's warm, open, and very comfortable. The food is FANTASTIC! Order up the Baked Goat Cheese. You will be asking for a second order of it, it's that good. I loved everything about this place, from the free valet parking to the concept of fresh food cooked on a brick oven, everything was perfect from start to finish. The place was packed and I was there for dinner on a Thursday night. Also try this place out for a great date night. It has a wonderful urban romantic feel at night.
4	The roommate and I went to St. Francis for the first time last night for our bimonthly roommate night. We both agreed this will become a new spot in our rotation of places to dine and drink in the Central/Biltmore area. We tried to go to Postinos first but per usual they had a 45 minute wait and we were hungry.... the great host helped us out and suggested a few places we should check out, St. Francis being one of them. Props to him! The aesthetics of the restaurant are awesome! Very open and bright, two levels for seating, an adorable patio with heaters and a huge projection screen for sports watching and whatnot, a cozy bar area with inside and outside seating, exposed brick in the dining room, fast and friendly valet (it's complementary as well ++).... I could go on but you should really check it out for yourself to understand how cool it looks. We started with a couple of cocktails, I got the St. Francis Lemonade, So good!, and she has some dark beer, I didn't catch the name but she said it was good. Then we ordered the Potatoes, crispy fried fingerling potatoes with aoli. They hit the spot, cooked perfectly! You have to try them. Then I ordered the PotRoast and she got the FlatBread. Both of which were great. My PotRoast was perfectly tender and the gravy was seasoned just right, not too salty as some can be. I am excited to return for round number two. We will probably try their Cocktail Hour (Happy Hour) next; $3 draft beer, $5 specialty cocktails, and karaft wine for $10. Check it out, I hope you love it as much as we did.
3	Okay, so, yes: the decor is divine, original and edgy without being overly trendy or plastic. I sincerely wish my home looked like this. The bathroom sinks? Genius. Cool as hell.That's kind of where my infatuation with St. Francis ends. My frustration started the second I pulled in the parking lot. Valet only? Really? We're not in Paradise Valley, people. Look to your right. Your evening's backdrop is a busy six lane street-cum-drag strip and Castle Boutique.Oops! My first interaction with the "hostess" made me wonder once again if somehow I was beamed to PV from central Phoenix. Unsmiling, unfriendly, and downright grim, she refused to seat my party until all were present. And that was that. No directions to the bar, nary a hint of a smile. Maybe her ponytail was too tight or her Tory Burch flats hurt her feet. I don't know. I quickly renamed her The F.N.B., and I will totally give ten dollars to the person who can guess what it stands for.My friend and I found the bar anyway, with our internal GPS homing devices to alcohol and all. The wine list was okay. Prices average. The syrah was nice, and I was kind of intrigued by the almond margarita, but not willing-to-be-$10-poorer-intrigued. Perhaps more bizarre, I spied more $2000+ handbags on the patio that evening than you can sometimes see in an entire day at Fashion Square. We parked our asses on the patio, drank wine, and bitched until our straggler arrived. Finally! We are sprinkled with fairy dust and granted admission to the dining room!... but instead we were led back outside. Whatever. Our server was pleasant and prompt - absolutely no complaints. The menu is on the small side, and not what I would call a vegetarian's delight. I ended up with the broccolini flatbread (i.e., pizza), which was a decent size for the $13. It was tasty, but the lemon zest (!) and whole cloves of garlic took its yum factor down a tick or two. My friends each got the whitefish, which at $24 seemed a little steep for a little chunk of fish and three little potatoes. They seemed pretty meh about it, and neither one polished it off. The highlight of the evening may have been when I laughed at my friend because the valet parked her American SUV in the back and put my new car up front. Hey, that's a first, people. But, really, if that's the best part of the night, what does that say about St. Francis? Kind of a letdown. Not a crashing disappointment like Oh my god, I've been up all night puking up wasabi from that bad sushi, but still a bit of a disappointment nonetheless. WIll I be back? Maybe to park my drunk ass on the patio and spy on the Castle patrons, but probably not for dinner...
5	We started at the bar while briefly waiting for our table and ordered the St. Francis Meyer lemonades on the bartender's recommendation; what a perfect combo: honey infused vodka with sparkling lemonade. Based on the Yelp recommendations, we ordered the Baked Goat Cheese appetizer which was right on. Great dish. My boyfriend ordered the Prime Hanger Steak. I tried a couple bites and it had very good flavor. He said he really enjoyed it. I ordered the Forbidden Rice... WOW! What a delectable dish of great veggies and the black rice... what great flavors. When I offered Matt a few bites, I almost had to pry the plate back out of his hands. For dessert we shared the Chocolate Cake with caramel sauce and peanut butter gelato. Very good! All of the portions were just right. We were able to sample a delicious variety of flavors and enjoyed everything we ordered. Nice atmosphere with an outdoor patio. The hostess, bartender, and waitress were awesome too. We'll be back for more!
4	So we decided to hit this place up after dinner, wifey really wanted dessert and I wanted to get an appetizer or soemthing. The decor is nice, really nice but not as pretentious as it leads on. The entire parking lot minus 3 or 4 spots are valet, which is kinda crummy. I decided to order the rosemary and garlic fingerling potatoes with lemon aioli and the sweet corn polenta with a glass of Malbec. Wifey got this chocolate cake with caramel and peabut butter gelato. My potatoes were great, super crispy and just perfect (I only wish i hadn't already eaten dinner, just wanted to try something off the menu). The polenta was soooo good, but wifey hijacked it!  Her dessert was meh, just okay. The service was very good and we were in and out pretty quick. It was around 10PM so I expected it to be a bit slower and it was, which is a good thing. Next time, I'm eye balling this pork and green chili stew with corn bread and the baked goat cheese that I keep hearing about..
4	I gotta say this was a very pleasant surprise. I am generally turned off by places that seem to cater to an upscale crowd and was VERY hesitant to try this place. As we pulled into the parking that was almost soley devoted to valet, my inner voice was telling me to peal our asses out of there and hit up another spot. Unbelievably, one of the three parking spots in that lot not devoted to valet was open. Score! As I parked, I waited for someone to tell me I couldn't park there but no, it didn't happen. There is an outdoor patio, with heaters and fireplace, and of course, indoor dining. My husband says there is an upstairs but I am not sure what's up there. The uniforms consisting of T-shirt and jeans/pants was a little strange but to each his own. Since we had just had dinner at the Tuck Shop, we were just interested in some small plates and maybe a drink. My husband had a glass of Malbec and we ordered the roasted potatoes appetizer, side of roasted corn polenta and the chocolate cake. Weird mix, I know, but hey, we already had dinner! They also brought out sourdough bread with olive oil. I love when restaurants do that. The potatoes were cripsy and delicious. They reminded me of the homestyle cut fries. The polenta was so delicious that I wished it was a larger dish than just a side. It was topped with shredded parmesan...I am drooling right now. So good. My chocolate cake was a little bit of a disappointment in that it wasn't a cake but more of a chocolate brownie with peanut butter in it. It also came with peanut butter gelato with toffee crumbles. I really liked the dessert, it just wasn't a cake. But that's okay..I would still order it again because I am a brownie kind of girl. I am equal opportunity when it comes to dessert. To my surprise, when I read the menu, the two kids items are complimentary. For us with two kids, that brought St. Francine up several notches. Not that it needed it...I really liked this place. It was a little dead when we got there but that was at 10pm at night. That surprised me for a Sat night but maybe they were way busier earlier in the evening. Our bill for the glass of wine, appetizer, side, and desert came out to $27. Not bad at all. By the way, as we pulled out of the parking, I checked to see if there was a charge for valet and it was complimentary. That made me feel better as people shouldn't need to park in the bank parking lot next door to eat at a restaurant. I definitely want to come back on a more empty stomach. I also think we will definitely be getting take-out from here in the future.
3	I really hate to take away a star but I really wish that they would expand the menu. Everything on it is good, but there needs to be a bit more variety please. The Stew is great BTW!We stopped in again the other night for Whitney E. birthday and had a great time. The service for our group of 12 was splendid and they even accommodated the cake we brought in. Thank you St. Francis!
5	Had a lovely dinner there for my Birthday in March. I had read about this place in Java Magazine and was fully informed of the owner and chef, his history and all the writer's recommendations. We had the baked Goat cheese app and it seemed that the entire bar followed suit.  We just loved it!  I had worked my way down the drink list and was feeling pretty good about most everything that night and I am not ashamed to say so!  Most all the House Specialty drinks were Yummy,Unique, and filled with liquid fun.We had the Pot Roast and the Pork Chop.  Loved them both!  I cannot say a single thing bad about this place.  The bar is lovely, the staff was great, and chatty and attentive and hard working.  I cannot wait to bring my little one there..the kids menu looked awesome  So glad to have a great place to eat here in the hood...
2	This is a restaurant which can't decide if its a bar or a restaurant. The food was very good, but not worth the price. The menu is limited and we sat as a table where the bench on one side was backless. I don't know what person wants to pay $30+ per person and not be able to lean back during dinner. The drinks are pricey and not terrible strong or large. :( The valet only thing is redic, as one yelper put it "We're not in Paradise Valley, people. Look to your right. Your evening's backdrop is a busy six lane street-cum-drag strip and Castle Boutique."  The potato app our friends ordered was so/so. The best thing i tried was the stew, which also happens to be the cheapest thing  on the menu at $12. Drinks are $9-11.  Service was decent and the staff friendly. They brought my friend the wrong wine and caught it before she took a sip. I would give 2.5 stars but I feel like they're not sure if they want to be postino's, tuck stop or fez. All 3 places are better. I think I'll come back and just look cool at the bar for $20. If they expanded the menu I may reconsider. Over all: not bad, not great. Fun to try a new spot though.
4	Like to support in-town eateries and this is a perfect place before heading downtown for a play.  Excellent food, service and atmosphere.
5	Easter Brunch here was incredible! Kudos to Chef Aaron and the St. Francis team. Their first attempt at brunch exceeded expectations and deserves recognition! They tweeted earlier this evening that brunch is in their future. Looking forward to this addition!
1	I feel no shame rating St. Francis one measly star, because I hardly think it deserves even that. After hearing rave after rave review, we decided on St. Francis for a bachelorette dinner celebration for my cousin. Now, keep in mind there were only four of us, and I would hardly call us a rowdy bunch (unless you would call wearing a small sparkly tiara rowdy). We knew what we were getting ourselves into as far as the "type" of place St. Francis is. We arrive to a 20 minute wait. Okay, we'll go wait at the bar then? Except the unfriendly hostess failed to direct us there. Luckily it was right around the corner so (duh!) we could find it ourselves. We take a seat at the bar and the woman bartender rudely asks us for our IDs. Doesn't say 'hello', 'welcome', nothing. Just, "I need all of your IDs". And this is just the beginning.The only pleasant part of the evening comes next: two older couples sitting to the left of us started chatting the bride-to-be up and offered us a round of drinks. Not even a minute later, moment is squashed by the douchebag wearing a skin tight American Apparel v-neck and his skinny blonde girlfriend to the right of us. DB to us: "what are you guys, like TWELVE?" (very sarcastically)Us: "Wow, that was rude!"DB: "What? I thought girls liked being called young." as his skinny blond bitch snickers next to him.Us: "Yeah, not twelve. Still rude."SO, thank the lord our estimated 20 minute wait was actually less than ten. We were escorted upstairs to sit on the edge of the loft, overlooking the bar and Camelback Rd (or should I say Castle Boutique?). Anyway, our server comes by to greet us, yada yada. Douchebag and his GF are still sitting at the bar, and while talking to the bartender we see him point up to us and start laughing. The bartender looks and laughs, too. Two minutes later our server comes back and says that he had a request to lower the tablecloth on one side. Luckily, I was sitting sideways, but I felt my friends' humiliation. So, he lowered the tablecloth and went on his way. Here's a hint St. Francis: IF YOU PLAN ON SEATING PEOPLE IN A LOFT WHERE THE DINERS BELOW CAN CLEARLY SEE UP, INVEST IN A LONGER TABLECLOTH. The whole situation was handled very distastefully and rudely. Finally onto the food. The menu is nothing spectacular and extremely limited. There are virtually no vegetarian options. We ordered the goat cheese app and fingerling potatoes to start. Both were decent. The goat cheese was good, but the potatoes were (like another Yelper said) "glorified french fries", and definitely something I could have effortlessly made at home. I ordered a Calpirnihia (sp?) cocktail: lemon cachaca, strawberries, and basil, and it was (again, like another reviewer mentioned of another cocktail) SO sickly sweet and syrupy. To the point of undrinkable. I passed it around the table just to make sure I wasn't losing my mind, but everyone agreed: send it back. So I apologize to the server and ask for an exchange. Sure, no problem. We watch him take it downstairs to the bar (mind you, we can see everything that goes on), stand beside the bartender, TAKE A SIP of my drink, and then go on to make wild hand motions gesturing that there is nothing wrong with it. Seriously did he think we wouldn't see him? Idiot. A different server brought up the new drink (an asperol spritz), and began questioning me/accusing me for not liking/knowing good alcohol. WTF?! So by this time we're all pretty pissed and just want to eat and get the hell out. Our food arrives at different times, and for some reason I'm not the least bit surprised by the portions. A friend ordered the fish and it was TINY, and not really that amazing. The fennel was chewy beyond belief and mostly unedible. For $24, what a rip. The green chile stew had good flavor, though a lot of the pork was too fatty to eat. The cornbread came cold and dry.We eat quickly and ask for the check. Our server left the first disaster of a cocktail on the tab, and acted offended when we asked him to remove it. As we were leaving, the party of men sitting behind us (whose egos we noticed, by the way their greasy long hair was slicked to the way they slouched and spoke to each other condescendingly, were WAY TOO HUGE) yelled, "ENJOY THE REST OF YOUR HOLIDAY! ha ha ha ha ha". Seriously, what IS it with the douchebags here?!I will NEVER, EVER be back to St. Francis. And I will NEVER offer them a good recommendation. In fact, I am looking forward to spreading the news of their cockiness, rudeness, and complete lack of gratitude towards their patrons to everyone I know. The staff here is unprofessional, immature, and disgusting. What a terrible, TERRIBLE establishment.
4	They had me at Baked.Goat.Cheese.   The appetizers were phenomenal, we got the Bake Goat Cheese that came with their freshly baked brick oven bread and my bf got the Romaine salad with fuji apple & bacon.  But the baked cheese was by far the better of the two.Main courses also didn't disappoint we ordered the white fish and hanger steak.  I only had a bite of the fish so I can't speak that much to it, the bf enjoyed it.. it had too much lemon in the sauce for me, but I hate lemon flavoring so it's probably better to take his word for it!   The steak had this amazing sauce that accompanied it that added such a nice flavor to compliment the steak.  Both entrees were pretty good size portions, especially after appetizers. And we also split a side of sweet corn polenta that we couldn't finishThe actual restaurant its self is very open, there is an outside covered patio and a smaller patio for the bar that's out in the open.  Valet only, complementarySat Night wait time: approx 20 minsClientele: On Sat night we had a big table of your typical Scottsdale Cougars, average couples and groups ranging from mid 20s to 60s and a bachelorette party of 4 girls who were barely 21 (not the typical place for a bachelorette party)
4	I hate the word "stew". It's right up there with slacks, moist and congealed. That said, St Francis' Pork Chile Verde ( I refuse to call it Stew...*cringe*) was phenomenal. Wow... just wow. I think I said that I wanted to roll around naked in it. It was that good. This was my second visit to St Francis, the first visit was wine only. I doubt I'll ever be back without dining again. I'm dying to try the Baked Goat Cheese appetizer..(let's add goat cheese to that list of words I can't stand) and though I'm not a huge fan of sweets, the Chocolate Cake sounds insane. Get this: peanut butter gelato, caramel sauce, homemade caramel corn. Really?......no, really?.... If that doesn't make you need to change your panties (oh great, another word for the list....ewww) nothing will. I'm fully smitten with their patio. We gnawed relentlessly on some french bread and olive oil. I would love to see more places replace butter with olive oil or at least have the option. It's a petty thing but with everyone being so health conscious it just makes sense and it's tasty.I can't wait to go back in full on fatty mode and gorge (where are all of these disgusting words coming from) like the closeted fat kid that I am. I'm pretty sure this rating will go up to 5 stars after my next visit.
5	We had a lovely first trip to St. Francis.  I would describe the food, service and atmosphere the same way: upscale, casual, and not overbearing, right down to the valet's. To the bacheloette dinner party: the Vig may have been a better choice. They have a lot more menu choices and more party-like atmosphere.But back to St. Francis: We had the Cioppino and Hanger Steak and both were perfect. Great neighborhood place. We will definitely go back.
3	Friday night din din, party of 5 gals after Smeeks' Caramelpalooza.  We were told an hour + wait but were seated immediately.  Loved that!Beautiful spaceVery friendly service from the valet to the server.The baked goat cheese appetizer is a sure thing. Very limited menu.   The rest of the food was ok; some things pricier than others.  It seems to be a bit of a "scene" these days which may account for the crowds.  Give it a try it you are in the area.
4	Finally got to try this place and wasn`t disappointed!! Sorry I didn`t get this up sooner but better late than never right? Anyways, well worth it! For starters tried the baked goat cheese which was mixed with a bit of pesto on a baquette, delish!! I love goat cheese! What`s even worse is that I`m lactose intolerant!! But I figured to take a lactaid with and play it safe, again so worth it!!The for main dish upon recommendations( so hard cos it all looked good!!)had the roasted salmon salad which had a lemon vinagrette and a side of sweet corn polenta. So full after all that!! They have a good wine list to choose from if that is your poison cos its mine!! Varying from Ca to Argentina and even local Arizona Stronghold wines, I had a Malbec since that`s what I was in the mood for. I`m only sorry I didn`t get to try their dessert, they looked quite enticing! Next time!!
4	So my valentine took me to St. Francis for our V-day dinner. I don't know if they are as awesom on non-holidays, but they really aced Valentines!Our waitress was well informed and seemed genuinely stoked at our choices. She was attentive without being all up in our business, and each course lingered just long enough for us to get to chat conspiratorily throughout the meal. I had the celery root soup (delicate, yet rich and not at all chalky), the seared scallops (large, but not quite as sweet as they could have been. the garnish made for a beautiful as well as tasty plating), and the chocolate-grand marnier fondue (the best part was when the waitress came by and said that fingers were TOTALLY allowed in the fondue pot... and oh yes I did). We had a couple of cocktails which were a perfect balance between fruity and liquory. The space is a nice blend of industrial and intimate. The rust and steel exposed beams and cement fixtures give the small space a cool, modern feel, while the solid wood tables and delicate place settings make it feel romantic. I loved eating inside with the large doors open to the patio.The only reason I am giving 4 out of 5 is that, while I love restaurants with patios, the location of St Francis--on busy Camelback--makes me want a bit more of a privacy fence around the tables. Maybe live bamboo or something? I can't imagine that it's too lovely seeing fights in front of the Walgreens or hearing the traffic right next to your table. But avoid all that and get an inside table! Be sure to check out the cool chalk board on the wall opposite the restrooms--it has seasonal recommendations for fruit, veggies, herbs, meat, and seafood. I wish I had a poster of it!
4	My wife and I have eaten a few time here now, and St Francis has consistently served incredibly delicious food every time. The green chile stew is the best green chile I have ever had. This is one of the few restaurants I have found that seems to prepare their less expensive dishes with as much craft and precision as their more expensive plates. The polenta is so rich and creamy it eats like a meal by itself. The pork chop was perfectly cooked and seasoned about as well as any piece of meat I have ever had. My wife won't stop talking about how much she liked the forbidden rice we had last night.The waitstaff is friendly and the atmosphere is comfortably refined.
3	Sorry, St Francis, I gotta remove a star but I promise I will give you another chance sometime. My husband and I went here last night and bravely took lil mama with us. We got there around 6pm and it was pretty busy but they were able to seat us promptly. We were seated upstairs which was really nice. It was alot quieter than the main floor which we appreciated with having a 3 yr old with us. Shortly after sitting down, my daughter decides she needs to go to the bathroom so I quickly ordered my drink and asked the server to put in a kids cheese pizza for my daughter and the goat cheese app. By the time we got back from the bathroom, the cheese pizza was already out which I thought was great. The goat cheese app came shortly after. I ordered the goat cheese app since other Yelp reviews said it was great and my husband loves goat cheese. I actually don't like goat cheese but was willing to try the app. It was good but the crostinis were so hard! I felt like I would crack a tooth or something. We began using the bread they bring to the table to dip in the goat cheese app. I ordered the Farm salad and I did not like it. It was bland to me which is saying alot because usually what is bland to others is flavorful to me. It had mixed greens, asparagus, peas, lima beans, artichokes with a green goddess dressing. They was also a smattering of crumbled white cheese. It sounded delicious but it was not to me. I also ordered the corn polenta which I knew would be good since I had it before. My husband ordered the pork chop and was very disappointed. He felt the meat was overcooked, bland, and had a hard time getting his fork back out after cutting it. I had a taste mixed with the sauce underneath and I thought it was okay. Then again, I am not generally the kind of girl who orders steaks and pork chops at restaurants. I will say, though, that the pork chop meal looked great when it came out. A very thick cut of meat with nice presentation. My daughter's cheese pizza came out with a side of salad mixed with apples. I still think it is great that the kids meals are free. I ordered a pineapple rum mojito which was okay. My husband ordered two glasses of wine. Overall, with tipping valet, we spent $95. A little disappointing considering that the meal was just okay. The service was awesome but I feel it should be. I am fairly certain we will go back since it is right up the street. We shall see...
3	Nope. St. Francis is not worthy of the James Beard nom it received this year. There, I said it. But that's OK! We all know it's true so let's get over it and experience the place with some realistic expectations.I read a comment from a reader of Chow Bella that sums my feelings on the restaurant's recognition and overly-hyped press.Leslie writes..."It's kind of like when it was announced that Obama would receive the Peace Prize. Everyone thought it was ridiculous, because while Obama most certainly should be able to win one in his lifetime, it shouldn't have been this past year."Is it a good restaurant? Yes. And perhaps the most beautifully-designed dining space in Phoenix.And you thought this was going to be a rake job on the place. Wait for it...Perfection: An icy Almond Margarita ($9) in your hand while sitting on the shaded patio. This is easily one of my favorite cocktails in the city. Don't worry, those nuts won't smack you in the face. If you didn't read the drink's name or ingredients, the subtle almond flavor would have you guessing "Hmmm... what is that?" It's a refreshing new take on a classic.Also check out their Dark & Stormy. (Or make your own w/ my previous post, "Tornado Watch" my ass... Sip on this Mother Nature!)Love the "Business Lunch" concept of in & out in 30 min. Too bad the dishes made me wish my stay was even shorter. Chicken Salad ($14) on flat bread was bland (needs acidic element?) and the French Onion Burger ($13) reminded me of the Sourdough Jack from Jack In The Box. (I know, vastly diff ingredients but similar taste, I swear!)Things perk up at dinner time with a tasty Green Chile Stew ($12) that has everything you want in life, served in a skillet. Forbidden Rice is nice for the price ($15) starring fresh veggies and sweet dressing with spice.  (I could've been a rapper with dope rhymes like that).Skip over the apps, including the flatbread everyone seems to be gaga about. A bad romance of what should be a simple yet winning combo of ingredients. My dining pals had no trouble reading my poker face on St. Francis' starters.Sadly, the Seafood Cioppino seems uninspired, especially for $25 bucks. Same goes for an under seasoned Pork Chop for $24.Prime Hanger Steak ($23) saves the day with parsnip and braised greens. This was a favorite for the group. Get it soon, seasons are changing.It's tough to focus on the food when the atmosphere and architecture of St. Francis is such an attention whore (in a good way.) The space always makes me feel big-city chic with dramatic lighting, rhythmically spaced wood beams and a loft fit for foodnik birds who like to perch and eat.Visit St. Francis for the views and drinks. Don't let me my words steer you away from grazing. Figure out the food for yourself. *Putting away the unused rake*If I'm in the area, I'll gladly stop in for a cocktail and a nibble.See some illustrations of restaurant on my food blog http://bit.ly/aBH6oT.
3	So we finally decided to eat dinner here. I've been dying for a great steak or pork chop, so I had my radar aimed dead at the "wood fired bone-in pork chop with polenta and grain mustard sauce". Wifey ordered this salad and some polenta, and my daughter had the cheese pizza (kids meals are free here, which is awesome). We started with the baked goat cheese app that everbody raves about. It was good, but the crostini were hard as rocks and I didn't get the goat cheese taste I look for when I eat goat cheese, but it was still a good app. Wifey wasn't crazy about her salad, it was a market salad with asparagus and some other stuff. looked boring. My chop came out and looked soooo great, however.....it was just okay. I didn't get the wood fired taste in the chop, not at all. It was a bit overcooked and somewhat tough. The polenta was perfect and I really liked the mustard sauce, but the star of the show (the chop) was a disappointment. Will I go back? Yeah, I'll give it another shot. I like the restaurant and the service was good. I hope next time my food's better though, or I'll have to toss this place into the :"let's just go for a glass of wine" folder
5	This place is the real deal.  I have been back twice now.  Once for dinner and once for lunch.  The food was amazing again!The open-faced pork loin sandwich was just HEAVENLY!!!  Thick cut multi-grain bread, mashed sweet potatoes, braised greens, topped with 5 thin cut slices of pork loin covered in some sort of gravy brought down by angels.  A side of quinoa salad topped off this lunch.  Just check out the picture.  Nuff said.  HEAVENLY!!!
4	Had my first lunch here yesterday. It was Delicious! I had the Del Real Sandwich, which was spaghetti squash on 9-grain, cucumber, arugula, sun dried tomatoes and homemade herb ricotta. (see pics) It came with choice of fries or red quinoa, since I eat a lot of quinoa I decided to treat my self to the fries and Oh Boy were they a treat! Hands down the most Amazing french fries I have had anywhere, served with a seasoned smoky ketchup.I'm giving only 4 stars since there is very Small choices for veggies/vegans ( at least on the lunch menu, not sure what they have for dinner), but I'd go just for fries and a salad and those fries are definitely 5 stars!
5	My man and I were really pumped with basically everything about St Francis, from our really super sweet server to the ultra classy but not top-heavy, spill all over myself wine glasses (my clumsiness is legendary, to the point of serving myself wine in tumblers when I'm home). All of the glassware and other service items were pretty and perfect, actually. Notably so.We had the carrot soup and romaine salad with buttermilk cheddar dressing for our apps. The carrot soup, amazing. The salad would be amazing anywhere else, but given how good the rest of our meal was, we found the salad relatively lacking. RELATIVELY. For dinner, I went with the seafood cioppino and he had the strip steak with fingerlings and onion... both were definitely top shelf all the way. Full flavors, the broth in the cioppino was so, so good, and all the veggies on his steak were just perfection.Their cocktails looked very, very tempting, but I went with my standby date night beverage and was impressed that they had all three ingredients waiting for me: St Germain, Hendricks Gin, and a cucumber slice.
3	3.5 Stars.  The building is great, the food is good, our server was friendly (though absent at times), but I didn't leave feeling it was worth the $100+ dollars.  And I hate valeting my car.  Valeting is like taking the elevator to me - I'll do it when I can no longer walk.My wife ordered the white fish and enjoyed it.  A bit small without much of a side for $24.  I ordered a small ($9) side salad and a french onion hamburger (special of the day I guess) on an MJ Bread bun.  Both were good, but you don't get much salad for 9 bucks.  Good but not spectacular.Again, the food was good, decent ambiance, cool building, but it didn't add up for me.  Maybe I'll be back, maybe I won't.
4	The one reason I really really enjoy St. Francis is the atmosphere; the design is simply stunning.  The modern yet warmly welcoming space is high on my list of favorite designs in Phoenix.  Check it out, for sure.  The food, on the other hand, is only good.  I've had several of the entrees, and none of them were mind-blowing - the flavors were definitely on the subtle side.  I feel like the expectations set by the early buzz, the design of the space, and by the chef's name, set the bar a little too high.  I recently had the privilege of hearing Chef Aaron explain his thought process behind the restaurant; he felt that from the time it opened, he wanted it to be a great neighborhood restaurant where people from the community can gather for a family meal, meet up for happy hour, or just get together for no particular reason at all.  This is a nice vision, and I won't claim that there isn't room for this concept in the area, but I think his prices are a little high, and the menu a little too limited (at least so far) to really fill that niche.  Action plan for the future: lower prices and expand the menu, or experiment a little, bring the excellence we all believe you're capable of to the table.  I've never had any complaints with the service, the parking...  All problem-free, if not excellent.  And I'll continue to visit St. Francis, I just don't see it as deserving of 5 stars at this juncture.  I do wanna try out this brunch business I've heard about...
2	This is one of those places I really wanted to love. Truly I did. I had been looking forward to dining here and finally found the time last week. After reading all the positive reviews on Yelp I really had high expectations so I am hoping I just  went on an off night. The building is lovely and the design was right up my alley but it all went awry from there. First it took forever to get ANY service at all on a night when they weren't even half full. When I finally did get my drink it was too strong to drink. Now, I usually am never one to bitch about a drink being too strong so you know it had to be bad!  The flatbread was awesome and I was all geared up for my porkchop but, alas, was disappointed. It was way undercooked which also gave it an odd, mushy texture. The polenta was basically flavorless. Nothing more than paste on a plate. I will say my dining companions' pot roast was pretty good and my man said his ciopinni was adequate, nothing great, but reasonable. I enjoyed the sticky toffee pudding but have had better. Overall, a pretty disappointing experience when I was all set to give them 5 stars! Maybe I'll try it again someday but with so many other places on my list to try, I doubt it.
3	I wonder if I will be banned from heaven if I don't give this place at least 4 stars? Oh well, I'm taking the risk.... Three stars - there you go. I have been looking forward to trying St. Francis for many months and my experience was anticlimactic. The interior architecture is as uninteresting as the exterior. I'm not sure what saintly images I had conjured up, but I was imagining some sort of religious overtone. Nope. I was disappointed by lunch. The menu isn't interesting nor diverse. I ordered a onion burger and my friend orders a blah salad. I hope to try it again for dinner - given all those 4 star reviews. But honestly, after the lunch experience, I'm not in a rush to go back.
4	Had the pork chile stew, very good.  Large portion size, make sure to ask for the bread, it is very good as well.  Great atmosphere and wait staff.
4	I like this place a lot.  As many people have said, the building is cool with the exposed brick and open architecture.  The staff is always really nice and the menu is solid.  In my opinion you don't need a huge menu if you just do a reasonable number of things really well.I stopped in for lunch and sat at the outside bar.  The weather was still nice and this was a great spot.  I ordered the sweet carrot soup which was delicious.  The bowl was huge and I savored every spoonful.I also had the burger and fries which were tasty. The burger came with bacon, gruyere cheese and crispy onions.  Even the ketchup was interesting with some pepper and other spices added to make it a little different.I like what they do here and look forward to coming back again for lunch or dinner.
4	Went here today to try the brunch and was not disappointed!!  Was with two other friends and we split the large, warm delicious cinnamon roll. (We got that comped for mentioning Twitter there), very nice!!           We all ended up choosing the pancakes infused with dark chocolate, drizzled in olive oil and topped with rasperries and creme on the side. Heavenly, is all I can say!! I`m rather embarrased to admit that when I was asked what my dinner meal was a month ago, I couldn`t remember! (Being in the middle of nursing school does that! I can`t even remember the awesome meal I had at FnB!) So forgiveme St. Francis, for I truly will be back for more! And they lave live jazz on the patio Sundays from 10-3.
4	I finally went to St. Francis.  My mom and I got there right at 5 (old person's dinner time) and got seated on the lovely patio.  We shared the "Romaine" salad appetizer - and I wish I had gotten my own!  It was very good and fresh!  Then we shared the pot roast and the sweet corn polenta on the side.  I am glad we shared that because it was quite a generous portion :-)  Very tender pot roast, a ridiculously yummy glaze and perfect carrots and broccolini.  I didn't love the polenta, but I may have just been full of pot roast.  I will happily go back :-)
5	In town on business and went here for lunch. FINALLY!! A decent place to have lunch in Phoenix! I am supposed to visit more often but a one day trip from LA to HOT HOT HOT Phoenix is exhausting. I make it out about twice a year. Every lunch I have had has been horrible until St. Francis.The decor is rustic chic with lovely brick walls, open floor plan which shows kitchen and well thought out architecture. We ordered the Baked Goat Cheese appetizer and it was VERY good. I think the bread pieces could have been a little softer but overall 4 stars for me. Next came the craziest sandwich I have ever had. (I don't know if they sell it because I can't find it online...) It was open faced, had some sort of potato salad and large pieces of bacon on top. OMG. Probably the most unhealthy thing I have ordered in a long time but DAMN it was good!!! It comes with Red Quinoa, french fries or chips. I got the quinoa which was the best part of the meal. (Finally something healthy!) I was able to sample the chips though and they were SOO good! I wish I had done half and half. This is a great option for classy decor, hot waitresses and good food. I highly recommend. mmm... One last thing. I am obsessed with high quality salt. They seem to be using it here. It makes everything SO GOOD!
4	Finally got to check out S. Francis earlier this week.  I had the Salmon Salad...it was awesome.Sleek and modern.  Trendy and hip.  Not pretentious.  Excellent quality.  Great service.  Value...well it was slightly overpriced.  Overall I would come back.My only complaint was the sliver of a menu.  St. Francis only offered a handful of choices. It is in fact probably the smallest menu I have ever come across.
4	The Husband and I have had our eyes on St Francis for a couple of months now, and finally made it over for our anniversary dinner.  Another amazing Central Phoenix repurposing project gone amazingly well - bravo!  It is just gorgeous inside.  I loved everything from the open kitchen design to the outdoor lounge; the collection of cookbooks along the wall to the open air bar.  Perfection!We decided to sit at the very front bar, so I could spy on the kitchen and take a look at all of the offerings coming out (plus, I wanted to make sure we got the well-priced $5 cocktails for happy hour).  I began with the Meyer Lemonade-vodka concoction, and the Husband tried his luck with the almond margarita.  The almondy-twist on a traditional margarita was surprisingly good.  Definitely something I would order in the future.  The lemonade was light and bright, but possibly too boring for my taste.  For round two, the Husband tried the Dark and Stormy.  He seemed to enjoy it, but I thought it was a bit heavy on the ginger for my liking.Our waitress seemed a little out of practice.  She failed to mention the dinner specials until we had finished both drinks, placed our appetizer order, and already decided on our meal choice.  Strange.  Then, she seemed to disappear for much of the time, and we were taken care of by a much friendlier and knowledgeable waitress, only to have her reappear at the end of the meal.We had a lovely time chatting with the chef who was in charge of the brick oven.  He helped us to decide which flatbread to order (we went with the bacon/onion marmalade/arugula), and we were SO pleasantly surprised when he then served us a half portion of the other flatbread as well!  What amazing service.  And, for the record, I actually liked the second flatbread even better than the first!  We ordered the green-chili pork stew with a side of polenta.  The stew was truly fantastic.  The pork was so tender and it was the perfect level of heat for my palate.  The accompanying cornbread was divine!  I wish that we had been given an entire cake!  We were painfully full by this point, so we had to forgo dessert... however we will definitely return to work our way through the rest of the menu!
5	There is not much more I can say that has not been said by previous Yelpers. This place is just plain awesome. We went to St. Francis with another couple for dinner and we all just loved this place. The open air dining room, lemonade cocktail, cauliflower & curry soup, the pot roast on Texas toast, the service - all five star and I wasn't blown away by the check. Mmm I am salivating for more of the soup as I sit. St Francis will the first place I think of when I want to "show off" the culinary options of Phoenix to visitors.
3	I do not understand all the hype and what the big deal is about this place. It is okay, good but not the best around and way over priced for quality. Ultra modern restaurant limited menu, pretty urban brick decor reminded me of Chicago or NY restaurant. Good service. Funniest ladies bathroom award. You will have to check it out for yourself I'm not telling why. teehee! Hamburger good, pork chili good. Chocolate peanut butter Gelato cake better! LOL! Nothing to go crazy over but worth a trip. I would go back and try something else. OOPS almost forgot I really loved the Flatbread bacon bread app and I don't even like bacon.
5	St Francis is definitely the newest hottest place in Central Phoenix.  Another restaurant renovated from an older building, which seems to be a trend in Phoenix.  Somehow the old is revived again to make it more appealing and cool again.  I guess it's just like how trends come and go, then get recycled back into society as years past.So with all that said you could guess that St. Francis looks quite exciting on the inside and out.  Just because the outside looks sleek and the decor gleems coolness doesn't always make a restaurant top notch though.  The food here is outstanding with fresh products made into delights of joy.  The chef is very creative with all the dishes and it shows.No wonder every time I've been here the place has been busy.   Doesn't even matter if it's a Tuesday night, people will be here.  My only complaint about this place, which is a minor one for me, I wish they had a better happy hour that included some of their food.  The drink prices are great, but if you're looking for a deal on food this is not a place to come for happy hour.
2	This food was not as good as I had hoped. Everything I ate seemed like there was something missing. Not to mention, I am almost positive that my Chicken Salad sandwich was made with chicken that was roasted the day before and as far over priced. I was NOT impressed...also, the menu is pretty comfort food-esque, which during the summer in AZ, sucks. I will not return here for dinner.
2	This place belongs in Scottsdale where they are more concerned with appearances than substance.  The place looks cool but the two times I have been, the main courses have been over cooked and last night, it was over cooked and cold!  Funny thing was it came out before we had taken two bites of our appetizers.  My guess is the waiter screwed up the timing when he put the order in.   There are better places if you want to enjoy the food but few places better in town if you want to be seen.
4	Brunch was the meal of the day this Sunday morning. We had the whole upstairs to our monthly group, SMUNCH. Seating was nice arranged and quite comfortable. I had the scrambled eggs and the baguette. I also tasted the roasted potatoes and tried some of the skillet waffle.The quality of food was great. Very tasty and I enjoyed the meal. The one common comment was that the two eggs looked like they could be gobbled up in two  1/2 bites. They were tasty but on the smaller side.The roasted potatoes came with a tangy sauce, all good...and the bread was like wow!! I am glad I ordered my own little loaf as I also got to take it home and have great bread with my own little bit of grilling.Would I come back again, yes! The staff as very friendly in fact I kept wondering how many people worked there as new face kept appearing with plates of tood for our party. Even the Chef delivered which is always awesome when the chef takes time to meet the customerThey also have live music, which was NOT obnoxious but rather created a great little ambiance. Then again a Big Bass and little keyboard will do that.
5	This place has been on "my list" for quite sometime now.  We just didn't get down there until last weekend.  It was worth the wait.  Atmosphere is fabulous, service is outstanding and attentive, and the food is scrumptious. I started with the Romaine salad which was super yummy.  I also had the Green chile Stew-So good and that cornbread, I dream about it.  But the best part was dessert.  Chocolate Cake with Peanut Butter gelato?  Do I even need to explain why that was good?   Thank you St Francis for not using the old standard of "vanilla bean gelato".  The peanut butter gelato made it extraordinary.  Looking forward to a return trip soon. Oh Oh, I almost forgot.  We started out as a party of four and six friends of ours showed up after we had ordered starters.  The staff HAPPILY accommodated all of us at one table by pushing sections together.  Thanks St Francis team...you are the best!
4	Plain and simple, St Francis offers an interesting menu that makes me want to try every single thing, every time I go.Last night, I had the Green Chili Verde with a side of the smooth velvety Whipped Potatoes. Very good indeed. Although spicy, the flavor of the dishes were excellent. My taste of Andrea's Seafood Cioppino was also bomb. As usual, X came along with us and was as calm as ever. We're teaching him the great gift of eating at restaurants ;). While there were no other babies (or kids) during our visit, St. Francis does offer two menu items just for the little tykes... Pot roast, or cheese pizza. As an added bonus, these two items come at no charge! That being said, and if you have some foody kids, St. Francis isn't that bad of a place!Dessert wise, I wasn't too impressed with the chocolate cake, or the time it took to make a single cup of coffee, but all that seemed to melt away as the valet had our car right at the entrance ready to go before we even got there. A nice little end to a great meal.P.S. The bartender didn't know how to make a Gin Fizz
3	It was good.But the menu was very limited, and while I can appreciate a small menu... this one just didn't have much that I was interested in.So I ended up ordering the bacon sandwich, which was delicious... but.  It's just not my cup o tea.I looked over the menu... then looked over it some more.... and it was one of the first times I thought "meh" ....Usually at a restaurant I want to order like 5 different things because I get so excited.So I was pretty disappointed that I didn't see one thing that I thought sounded exciting.I wouldn't go out of my way to come back here, no no.
5	Father's Day marked my third visit to St. Francis.  I haven't been disappointed yet.  Some reviewers complain the menu is small, but the menu changes constantly, as St. Francis uses fresh, local ingredients--exactly why I love it.The St. Francis Meyer Lemonade is a lovely way to start off the evening.  I had mine made with honey-infused vodka.  Then, you're brought fresh-baked bread and olive oil for dipping.  I've had few of their salads, the one with green goddess dressing is divine (the veggies on it were different both times), the buttermilk-dressing salad was fine as well, though less memorable.  The roast chicken has been my favorite entree there, with the hangar steak being a close second.Whatever you do, save room for dessert.  I don't normally order dessert out.  The first time I ate there, however, the server offered us a free dessert, because the kitchen forgot to put our mushroom sauce on the side.  Too full to eat it that night, I ordered a rhubarb-berry galette with almond creme fraiche to go.  The next day, I took a nibble from the edge.  Oh, wow.  I ate the whole thing right there, standing in front of the fridge.  I was sold, and made it a point to eat dessert there every visit. Of the desserts I've tried (chocolate cake with peanut butter gelato and caramel corn, that infamous galette, and some architectural creation with blackberries and mascarpone), the best, hands down, is the sticky toffee pudding.  I've had it twice now--each time it was a little different, both times my dining companions and I battled for the last bite.Sure, the building is cool, the brick oven is neat, the place is trendy, but it's a restaurant.  The food should be the priority.  For those of us really, REALLY into beautifully combined, high-quality, fresh ingredients, St. Francis is heaven.
4	Well, brace yourselves folks.  In a city where I could not find authentic  mexican food, I did come across this little foodie gem.  DO NOT hold your breath for an extensive menu.  They pride themselves on local, and you are after all, in the desert! Be that as it may, the menu is simple, small and very well executed.  The baked goat cheese app, the reasonably priced drinks, and corn polenta to die for, its simple, clean, delicious eating.  Too bad service was so slllloooooowwww on a Thursday, middle of the summer evening, and many empty tables.  We shared a very flavorful hangar steak and some nice wines.  Just dont ask them to add more stuff to the menu - get over it!  Its simple, honest to good and fresh eats!
4	Great food and ambiance - cant wait to go back
4	Went on a tuesday night and a guy was killing it on the guitar and singing, love live music!  Food was tastey too, cool patio, pricey but I good time.
4	I ate here with my family and friends for my birthday dinner, and we all had a pretty decent experience. Although it was summertime in Arizona, their outside patio did not feel hot or warm at all. It was surprisingly comfortable. The steak I tried was impressively delicious, and everyone else said their food was really good. Myself, and another friend ordered the whitefish which was seasoned with way too much salt. I wish I had ordered the steak. I really love the atmosphere of this place, and can't wait to try out their happy hour.
3	I went to St Francis for the first time. First,the service was exceptional! While waiting for my friends my server ( very nice guy from the Acoma reservation) brought me a complimentary tasting of the heirloom tomato salad, which was delish!The service, ambiance, and cuisine were great but unfortunately the entree was average at best (Fish). I will go again and try something else on the menu and definately will have the heirloom tomato salad again !!
1	Have loved St. Francis since going to their opening night.  Until this week.  It was a disaster from start to finish.  Service was the WORST, and the food was awful.  First, Aaron needs to update the menu for summer.  Then, the food needs to be what it used to be.  Food that was supposed to be hot was cold.  Obviously our waiter let it sit for a long time before he managed to get to the kitchen to bring it to our table.  Sent my cold undercooked fish back, and it came back warm, but still undercooked.  Seared Ahi is great, but seared whitefish?  I don't think so.  The Pinot Grigio was barely chilled.  The waiter poured almost full glasses so he wouldn't have to fill them again, I guess, then plopped the warm bottle on the table so it would get even warmer.  Asked if Aaron was around to talk to him, but he was not there that night.  When the chef's away???  Won't be going back anytime soon.  What happened???
4	Phoenix needs more places like this. Loved the vibe. Loved the atmosphere. Somewhere you can go and chat away an evening with friends. Good drinks... Excellent happy hour specials & complimentary valet. Their menu may be perceived as limited but its because they base their menu off the fresh ingredients they have available to them at the time. So the menu changes. What a concept? It is the anti-Applebees. Try the forbidden rice. It will rock your world... And kudos on the oversized movie screen outside playing vintage TV shows and movies...  very visually interesting and becomes a moving part of the decor....
4	I was pleasantly surprised by this place. Being a snobby foodie from SF, I didn't have the highest expectations but actually found this place to be quite delightful. After making a reservation, we came her for a work event with about 12 people. While they don't have private rooms, they do have an upstairs seating area that was comfortable, secluded and perfect for our party. The atmosphere was welcoming yet a little swanky (just how I like it). The wait staff was attentive, friendly and quick to help us when needed. The menu didn't boast a ton of options, which made my decision on what to order much easier. For apps we had the baked brie and goat cheese, flatbread and potatos which were all very good. For my entree, I had the white fish which was good but a little dry, hence the 4 stars. My colleagues had the forbidden rice which was fantastic. We split a couple of desserts at the end of our meal and they were all very tasty. All-in-all, I would definitely recommend this place if you want good food that's somewhat reasonably priced, in an upbeat atmosphere.
4	So I had the grandparents (From England) and my mom in Town for the weekend. It was the last night before they left so I was looking for a good go to spot with moderate prices. When in doubt, I Yelped it out! I came across St. Francis on Top 50 hottest restaurants in Phoenix. I looked over the reviews and was won over. The menu looked great, it was different from the standard OId Town Scottsdale scene we had done for the past three nights so I was sold. As we arrived I was impressed right off the bat by the building. It has a unique modern look with a very open feel.  It is a two storied restaurant that probably fits around 75 people on each floor. When we arrived I went with a fellow Yelper recommendation with the Meyers Lemonade. It was somewhat refreshing but the Honey was a little over powering for my taste. For apps we order the Corn Chowder and the Goat Cheese to share. I always back and forth on Goat Cheese it's kind of like when you go on a date and it only goes ok you could live without seeing them again or you could see them again (kind of a stretch analogy I apologize) Regardless this Goat Cheese was out of this world. It was perfect melted temperature accented with basil and various with ingredients. The Corn Chowder was also very good. It was very light and not very filling which made it great as an app. The table pretty much covered all the entrees ordering the Pot Roast, Cioppino, Roasted Chicken, Salmon Salad and finally I ordered the Hangar Steak. Everyone was very pleased with their meal. The Cioppino had a little Bobby Flay type spice to it so just a heads up. My Hangar Steak was awesome cooked perfectly and a good size. Finally to top off the fat kid meal dessert. Now I am like many fellow yelpers and never order dessert....that's a lie I look at the dessert menu more than the entree menu. Now with my Grandparents are from England so they thought they would give their expert opinion on the Sticky Toffee Pudding. Much to my surprise they have it the thumbs up. It we a perfect temp, size, taste and the accent of the vanilla ice cream was perfect. Now after writing a novel why did this only get four stars from me? Unfortunately the service wasn't the best. Our server acted like this was his first serving job. He just forgot a number of the basics we constantly needed to ask for i.e. spoons for soup, water and steak knives with dinner. In the end I will come back to St. Francis without question!
4	My first visit to @StFrancisPHX was part of the @FoodiesLikeUs Light Rail Dine Around (#PHXLRDA).There was about 20 or so in our group, including wheelchair-bound attendees.My initial impression wasn't a great one, as I got the impression that finding seating for us all, together, was more a chore for them, than doing business. It was later explained to me that our group inadvertently caused the problem.Once we were seated, they brought out some bread, and oil. The bread was tasty, but there was maybe 8 oz of oil, for 20+ people.On the recommendation of some people I trust, I ordered the Chile Verde.It did not disappoint! Served in a mini iron skillet, with a nice chile right on top, and a couple wedges of corn bread, the meal was fantastic.The chile had a very noticeable "bulkiness" to it, that I look for in good chile. Plenty of meat, and plenty of burn, without trying to permanently destroy taste buds.The corn bread was a tad dry, which made it a bit too crumbly and fragile for really getting into dipping, but it was delicious, and soaked up the flavor quite nicely.As this was our second stop, and I (stupidly) had over-indulged at our first location, AND we still had dessert to obtain, I was unable to finish my meal. But St. Francis has great little togo containers, so I now have lunch for tomorrow!As a chef, I appreciated, and enjoyed, the open style kitchen. It's always a pleasure to observe people when they cook, but considerably more so when I know the food could be/is my own dish.Overall, I had a good experience. I would certainly love to return, and fully intend on doing so, especially when the weather cools a bit, so I can enjoy the patio. I would also love to have the window seat upstairs.
3	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):7 Food7 Service8 Atmosphere6 ValueThe atmosphere could have had an extra boost to a 9 if the storefront was more accessible to pedestrians and if they hadn't for some unknown reason had the garagedoor-style wall raised on a warm and very humid day on my last visit, making it uncomfortable on the inside.Otherwise I find the interior to be pretty special.And other-otherwise, I find this place vastly overrated by all my friends, but still worthy of a solid but not special 3-stars.  The food is good but doesn't blow me away (for the prices and hype).  There are a few (7) very unique and pretty tasty cocktails (e.g. almond margarita, Aperol Spritz) but I'd like to see a few more on there because I feel like they have what it takes to make a really interesting cocktail menu, even if it probably wouldn't be my favorite.  This hypothetical expanded cocktail menu could then become the draw for me.Light-Railable: YesPedestrian Friendly: No
5	Amazing Cuisine + Atmosphere makes me give this place an A++... went last night, and got to try a dessert dish the Head Chef prepared with berries from N.Rim AZ, that he had picked himself - unbelievable.The burgers and Pork Chile Verde are both absolutely amazing and brunch on Sundays with live jazz makes me want to go back more often to see what's next - it seems like they've always got a new menu item with local AZ produce, or some other cool event going on...
5	I had a really great lunch today at St. Francis.  The food was excellent, the ambiance was beautiful, and the service was very good.I had the lunch soup/salad/half sandwich for $12.  My girlfriends each had a spinach salad and a pizzeta (sp?).  I think our total tab was around $50 for 3 of us and my son.  I'm pretty sure I inhaled my lunch in 5 minutes, maybe less.  SO GOOD. Can't wait to go back for dinner.The space is beautiful.  So much light and so well-designed.  Kudos to Aaron for transforming an office building so beautifully.  Not a detail was missed.I was really pleased to have a great experience at St. Francis.  After reading the mixed reviews, I wasn't sure what to expect.  Will definitely be back--I just wish it wasn't an hour away from me....
5	This restaurant is everything I love about Phoenix. It combines San Francisco sophistication with San Antonio humulity, and even features Mrs. Myers delightful brew in the bathrooms. Folks, if you can only have one nice dinner in Arizona this is the place. I would give one bonus star for their amazing lunch specials, if I only could.
5	St. Francis is officially my absolute favorite place to have Sunday Brunch. I have had dinner there before and the food was outstanding. Last Sunday my husband and I ventured in for brunch for the first time and not only were we surprised that one of our valley favorites, Dennis Rowland, was performing live jazz but that every last bit of food and drink we ordered was incredible. The servers are always super nice, the ambiance is a perfect blend of sophistication and personality and I will definitely be there for Sunday brunch as frequently as possible.It is also a great place to grab a glass of wine or one of several amazing cocktails, day time or evening!
5	I have never had an unpleasant experience here. Ive sat in multiple areas of the restaurant.... the upstairs being my favorite. I love the dim lighting and contrast in soft/rough architecture. Incredible seasonal food. WONDERFUL service. I once stayed pass closing time without realizing it and I was never rushed or given attitude nor was it brought to my attention by the staff. Thank you St Francis. You were above my expectations.
4	Food is hit or miss.  Best aspects of this place are the appetizers and drinks.  Great atmosphere, even has an outdoor firepit.  Awesome for happy hour!
5	The best Green pork chile stew in town!  The pork is tender and succulent, the dish is spicy, but not too spicy...and there is no better around.  The corn bread is fantastic as well!  I simply adore the chocolate chip cookies!  I love both these items and even though I've been here multiple times I haven't tried anything else because of my love affair with these items!  The atmosphere is charming and really comfortable.  If Aaron the owner is there he is really nice and friendly.  Get there soon!
5	I  wasn't expecting much in terms of food, but liked the exterior of the building and the cocktail menu, so I figured, what the hell.  Went their for a nice dinner with to catch up with a girlfriend and can't wait to go back.  Their cocktails are done right.  You know anyplace that has a Dark and Stormy listed as a specialty cocktail knows a good drink, but I was still impressed.  The poor waiter at the table next to me was super polite and took my drink order right away since I was apparently way too excited to wait for my server to come.  (She totally came right away  and was great - I was just WAY over-zealous and excited for my Cucumber Cooler!)The warm goat cheese is my new favorite cheesy dish. It is heaven in a crock dish.  A simple but elegant, creamy, silky heaven with a tomato surprise.  I'm typing this while stuffed, but would eat another entire portion by myself if someone put it in front of me right now. The pork chop is amazing. Make sure to split it though.  That way you can still have room to eat the apps, corn polenta, and seasonal veggie, all of which I couldn't stop eating.  The food is great, the atmosphere was cool, and the staff was fantastic.  I love waiters that love the food they serve and that are honest about what they like from the menu.  I will definitely be back to try even more menu items...and of course, more of that goat cheese!
1	So, not following my own advice (ahem, NEVER RETURN), I returned here for a friend's birthday dinner a few months ago (I super love this person so how could I say no?). HA! Big mistake. Also, fair warning: there are several-a-CAPS-LOCK ahead.The only pleasant thing about the evening was the reservation and seating were right on time for our large group (15 people). And of course because we were celebrating a super special person.I'll keep this update short and sweet:$3 for a CAN OF SODA? Get real. I knew it'd be overpriced but I was at least expecting a mini bottle or something. But a can? COME ON. You bought that in bulk and paid .03342 cents for it. FAIL.Your servers: IDIOTS. First it takes our server 15 minutes to come around the first time and take drink orders. Then she's back another 15 minutes after that taking the orders again. Did you forget? Were you not paying attention the first time we around? Why did it take 30 minutes just to order drinks? And on top of that we wait another 15 to receive them. FORTY-FIVE MINUTES TO RECEIVE DRINKS IS BAD. Very, very bad. Also, not taking food orders until after we've been seated for ONE HOUR is BAD. VERY, VERY BAD. Seated at 8 o'clock, we didn't receive our food until almost TEN O'CLOCK. TWO HOURS FOR FOOD IS VERY, VERY BAD. Do you hear that, St. Francis? BAD.Because I loathed the place even before this lovely birthday dinner, and because the thought of supporting such an establishment makes my blood boil, I ordered only dessert and the hubs ordered an appetizer (and add on a $3 can soda). Funny, that our bill was still nearly $30 for the both of us. Excluding tip. BAD.Also, server: If you say you're not going to split a check, stick to your word or don't even try. Now, I'M glad you didn't stick to your stingy "I don't split checks", because I could foresee the mess of trying to split a $700 bill with 13 people I didn't know so well. Lucky for us, when we told you we were leaving early and asked for our check, you split it for us. A couple others caught on and did the same, but the remaining 7-8 people were not so lucky. Because I realize my short and sweet is not so short anymore (or sweet, for that matter), I'm ending it here. NOTE TO SELF: heed own advice and stay away from St. Francis!
4	St. Francis is a cross between the Tuck Shop and Postino. Not as good as The Tuck Shop and not as many negatives as Postino either. The place is nice although it had a kind of sterile (not in a good way) feel to it. The food was very good, I had the Skirt Steak and the service was good too. I would go back and recommend it but it does not feel like home to me.
5	I've been back a couple times since and has had a great experience each time.Rumor has it that Chef Cole left :-(He is what really made my first visit so memorable!Anyway, it is still great without him. Last time I was there for brunch, my friends and I split the brick oven backed cinnamon roll. It's only $5 and MASSIVE. Ssoooo good! Tons of gooey caramel, golden raisins, kinda doughy in the middle.It's amazing.I was only planning on having a single drink but that didn't happen. Our server talked me into something summery and refreshing. I had something with vodka and cucumber and bit of lime in it. Well, I had three of those. They were so good!The Prickly Ricky is really good too!This place is quickly becoming a staple.
4	Had a lovely Sunday breakfast here.  Delicious over easy eggs and potatoes.   Wife had a supreme omelette.  All the staff was fantastic, friendly and helpful and prompt.  LOVE the interior design.
4	Saturday evening, I visited St. Francis for the second time with my wife and some family.  This time we sat upstairs, which is set up like a loft, partially open to look over the first floor.  It was noticeably warmer than the first floor, but it wasn't uncomfortable.  An extra AC vent wouldn't hurt, though.Nearly everything about the dinner was outstanding!  The server was attentive, but not annoying, the food was delicious, and the wine was a bit disappointing for the second time in a row.  Going back to the food, there were six of us that night.  We started with the baked goat cheese and warm baguette.  For our entrees, the six of us had the pork chop, pork chile verde, breakfast for dinner, white fish, salmon, and seafood cioppino.  Each of us raved about our own selection.  I don't think anyone had a single complaint.  Going back to the wine, which was fine, but not up to the standards of our meals.  My wife and I have tried two different bottles of red (a Rhone and a Malbec) during our different visits.  Typically, we enjoy the varietals we ordered very much, but not these two times.  We'll keep trying, because everything else about St. Francis is excellent (including the mid-century modern decor and ambiance), but we'll also keep our skepticism about the wine menu.
5	Excellent food and service.  I had cioppino and husband had chicken.  We had fresh mozzarella as appetizer and cucumber cooler drinks.  If you like cioppino as a stew dish and not pasta sauce - this is perfect!The app is incredible and I'm craving it now.  Atmosphere is nice.  Open and light and comfy for hanging out and pretty people watching.This will be nice dinner out place in the future.
5	St. Francis gives the impression you could be dining in one of the finest cities in the world, instead of the 5th largest cities in the USA.Start with their cucumber gin drink, and then order another.  Goat cheese on crostini follows.  Insist on extremely memorable whipped potatoes--a side order-- to accompany your salmon on red quinoa.  Dessert MUST be the chocolate cake with peanut butter gelato accompanied by carmel sauce trailings and carmel corn garnishes.Try dining at the bar for an uncluttered view out the picture window opening, minus the glass.Loved it!  Will happily return.They split our entree for us AND were gracious about the extra trouble we caused--not a wimper.  Truly superior service !
5	We have been St. Francis for dinner and my husband goes there for lunch. But a month ago, we learned about their BRUNCH with live jazz (with long time local favorite Dennis Rowland, a extraordinary pianist/vocalist Rachel Eckroth & fantastic Felix Sainz on bass). However, the live music is only the beginning to a great Sunday brunch. The food is amazing and we've yet to have something we didn't absolutely love. I recommend the Roasted (4) Baked Eggs, braised beef, vegetables and croutons is my favorite while the smoked salmon poached egg, English muffin, hollandaise sauce is my husband's favorite. I must also say that their crispy potatoes are also very tasty. Don't ask for the "spicy' Bloody Mary, unless you can take the heat. I prefer their Sweet Mimosa. Other food suggestions include the two eggs with bacon, the Summer Vegetable frittata and I see many people order the French Onion Burger.PS - Kid friendly menu too!
5	This is probably my new favorite spot, as I just moved into the neighborhood. I've been here twice. Once for drinks on a date, and once for brunch. Each time the service was stellar. They have an accommodating, kind, and thoughtful staff!The drinks... Oh, the drinks. I'm not usually a cocktail person, but I ordered the Strawberry Basil Caiparinha and the Cucumber Cooler. They're made with actual fruit and were a delight. Not terribly sweet, so perfect for my taste buds. But the crowning glory was the cucumber cooler. Hendrick's Gin, Lemonade... To. Die. For. I HIGHLY recommend this cocktail!For a date night, it was perfect, and relatively dead late at night. The ambiance of the patio was wonderful for the feel of the evening, and was a perfect treat to round out my night.And for brunch? My tongue was titillated with the delight of an appetizer of a baguette with pear-ginger jam & butter, the "Smoked Salmon" and a mimosa. The smoked salmon was served like a Benedict, hollandaise and all, along with fried fingerling potatoes that still make me drool, even still! I dipped the 'taters into remaining hollandaise and ate until I couldn't anymore! It was simply too good, and I would love to enjoy it again - I can't wait to!I was also impressed with them locally-sourcing goods, such as their tea from Maya in Tucson. It was high-quality, and tasty. I'm a total beverage snob, so I appreciate quality coffee and tea!If you like fine tasting food and beverage, this place is great. Brunch also features a jazz group playing, that fits perfectly with the atmosphere provided. I highly recommend this for a date, or a special treat!
5	I have been planning to try St. Francis for quite some time now and thought restaurant week would be the perfect opportunity.I got to the restaurant on Sat. the 18th. It was the first night of the AZ restaurant Week. We arrived at 5:30pm. It was a perfect time to arrive as the restaurant started to fill up within about 45 minutes.The restaurant had a prix fixe menu and the choices were great. I wish the price was always $29 for a 3 course meal.For my 1st course, I had the sweet corn soup. It was delicious. Not too sweet and very flavorful.For the main course I opted to go with the Roasted Salmon w/ red quinoa, beets, avocado, soy beans & citrus. Incredible. The flavors all meshed together perfectly. I asked the waiter if it was possible to have my fish cooked med rare and to my delight it was perfect.For my 3rd course, dessert I opted for the bananas foster. WOW !! Very  good. Also, since it was my birthday they gave me a complimentary sticky toffee pudding which I gladly shared with my dining companions.Overall the dining experience was fantastic. Rob, our waiter was spot on. He took the time to give us the history and intentions of the restaurant and what a pleasure it was to have him as our server.
5	I have been wanting to go to St. Francis ever since I heard about it, on the radio of all places, a few months back. I decided it was the perfect day to check it out, my hubby offered to take me out to lunch today for my birthday (he's a keeper!), so this was my choice. I LOVE the architecture of the building, so much eye candy! We asked our server what used to be in this building & she told us it was an old Dentist office. The bathrooms were so cool! I love that the toilet paper roll was on a rod coming out of a safe on the wall & the flat sink was so interesting. We arrived right at noon & the place was almost full, with about 2-3 tables available. The hostess promptly sat us & we gazed over the menu. Hubs ordered his usual Dr. Pepper, since it was my bday I ordered a cocktail. My 1st ever mojito! It was made with mint of course, lime & pineapple rum. Not a drink I would order often but I liked it, very refreshing! For an app we ordered the baguette with olive oil. It came out sliced, about 7 pieces, with a tiny cup of olive oil. Tasty! For our entrees hubby ordered the turkey & avocado sandwich & I ordered the pork chile verde. He said his sandwich was just ok but I loved my stew! It had so much yummy flavor & the cornbread that came on the side was fabulous!! Using the bday card again, I decided to order some dessert. I ordered the chocolate cake; which came with peanut butter gelato, caramel & caramel corn. It was delicious! The only reason i couldn't finish it was because I was already full from lunch & I ran out of gelato, I always mess up the cake to ice cream ratio! The hostess came by to ask how our meal was & I told her it was excellent & that I was glad to have finally tried it out on my bday. She then told our server it was my bday so she took the dessert off of our tab. That was so sweet of them! So total with tip & minus dessert was about $45. A little pricey for lunch but totally & completely worth it in my opinion! We will definitely be back for dinner sometime :)
4	St. Francis is the patron saint of Animals and the Environment... Confession Wednesday: i googled that, i have no recollection of anything from CCD.  Anywho... St. Francis, Central Phx thanks you.Came by for a cocktail and an appetizer. Sat at the outside bar and got great service!   The baked goat cheese appetizer was warm & delicious.  Had a well made martini and the lady had a tasty Almond Margarita.  Cool decor, i love the glass cube window booth in the front, very mod.  The crowd was great.  Full house and a good mixed crowd of all ages & types... everyone was really friendly & having a good time.  The only complaint we had was that the dinner menu wasnt too extensive.  Only about 6 options and nothing really caught our eye.  We ended up just having cocktails for a bit and then took off for somewhere else.  Overall... another cool spot in CenPho.  I'll definitely be back for drinks afterwork sometime soon.Update: Came back and had the Salmon over red quinoa.  It was excellent.  Also put back a few good brews. Dogfish Head 90 min IPA is always a favorite. The bar manager knows quite a bit about the wine and beer that he carries. Nice Job St. Fran.
2	Recently ate here with a bunch of girlfriends. Though we had reservations we still had to wait around 20 minutes to be seated. The appetizers were great -- I loved the baked goat cheese and the flat bread but I think I could have stopped the meal there. For dinner I had the French Onion burger and it was just Meh. For a $13 burger I expect more then Meh. Also the service was terribly S-L-O-W. Soooo slow. If I wouldn't have enjoyed my company I would have gouged my eyes out with a spoon. Unless my friends insist on it -- I won't be returning.
3	Sometimes the downside of Yelp is that you read so many great reviews for a new restaurant and you garner these very high expectations. That's what happened with St. Francis anyways. Our bartender was not friendly at all. The dessert was very good however! Hopefully next time the service will be better - sometimes you just catch people on an off night.
5	I have thought long and hard about this.I have tried the French Onion Burger (FOB) 3 times now.I say this:  It is the best burger I have ever had.That is a very difficult ruling to reach, but I am ready for it.I have a few other issues with the place;  *  service seems preoccupied with life's other details and not totally "in the brand".*  a few mis-steps from the kitchen (FOB #1 overcooked), (fries undercooked) - But in each case they made it right instantly.The FOB is the best burger I have ever had.
4	My fiance suggested this place after driving past it on the way home from work. We stopped by on Sunday night and I'm really glad we did. We were seated on the patio, which was lovely. The whole place had a warm feel and was beautifully decorated. I can't wait for it to get cold enough for them to use the big fire place on the patio. Our server was friendly and efficient. We ordered two cocktails, I had the sweet strawberry basil caipirinha (yum) and my fiance had the cucumber cooler (something we wouldn't have ordered if it hadn't of been a suggestion on here, it was wonderful, big thanks to the yelper who suggested it!), I will say, $9 for a drink is a little crazy, so next time we go it will be during happy hour when they are only $5. The house baguette was warm and delicious, I LOVED my pumpkin soup, I suggest you get it before its gone, the pomegranate seeds in it were a pleasant surprise. The fiance had the chile burger, also amazing, though it did come out a little under cooked for his liking, no problem, the server took it back and it was returned quickly and cooked to death, just the way he likes it. We had a great time, and will be returning, Hopefully for breakfast next time.
2	Our order:Pork chili verde French onion burger(approx. $25)Paying for atmosphere versus food and neither are worth the price.
3	Nice ambiance. We sat outside in October, and it was perfect! The server was very hip, warm, and friendly. The wine selection was decent, but the menu selection was a bit limited. Would have liked to seen more small bites/appetizers. I absolutely loved the carmelized gold and red beet salad on a bed of butter lettuce. It was delicious! The salmon was fresh and made medium rare, and the pumpkin bisque was delicious (not too much cinnamon or nutmeg, not to sweet like squashy bisques often are). Dessert was my least favorite. We had the chocolate cake (which was more like a brownie texture). It was very dry. We were there on a Sunday night, and there were no crowds. I will definitely return for the beet salad!
3	St Francis is everything that I Like in a restaurant,  Unique, modern decor,  great artwork, good food and big portions.  We had the corn flatbread which sounds strange but was great, fresh bread with olive oil, salmon, pork chili, a cheeseburger.  Good deserts too...I would have given St Francis four or five stars, but the service was sub-par.  When they brought our entrees out there were no forks on the table.   We asked for forks and none came.  As our meal was getting cold, I got up and went to the service stand and grabbed the only fork that was left.  Finally, our server came with forks and said that they were busy and ran out of forks.  You tell me, what kind of restaurant runs out of clean forks at 7p on a Saturday night?
5	It may have taken a little while, but I'm finally in love with St. Francis. What'd it take? A pear & blue cheese salad, and a delicious peartini. I *love* their mixed drinks here.
5	the chili verde is great hear.i also got to meet the manager at the local first az festival this past weekend.their butternut squash soup and sourdough bread are amazing.
2	I have very mixed feeling about this place. The individual dishes were good, but there were a number "misses" that bothered me about the place. Some of the seats do not have back support, unless someone is sitting behind you, likely a stranger. That is weird! When I made mention of it, the server just looked at me and said that's how these seat are. So, can I please get other seats??? Someone else in my group switched me and I notice him slouching throughout the meal... sorry friend. The meal: Each dish was very nicely presented and tasted good. BUT, everything was served in rations that were very very small. Lunch consisted of 4 oz soup, half of a veg sandwich and a small hand full of tasty salad. So I was quite hungry after this lunch, which ended up costing a small fortune. BTW, the soup tasted good but someone decided it would be a fancy idea to put pomegranate seeds in it - BIG mistake. Drop the clashing seeds please. Atmosphere is very interesting. I like the open air feeling, and the cute decor. I didn't care for the flies, but I think that is the trade-off. I am not looking for huge portions, but I don't want to pay a ton and leave hungry. I am not looking for opulent luxury, but do want to sit comfortably. I think this place has some real gaps in the experience it provides. I think St. Fran would benefit from a slightly more mature staff.
4	Based on a recommendation by a friend, we decided to suggest St. Francis for a dinner with the family on a Sunday night. First of all, I love, love, loved the setup of the place and the overall feel inside. There is also a patio that is outside, but opens up to the restaurant, which I thought was very cool and unique. The service we had was great, very attentive and helpful in answering our questions about the menu. Since there were several of us there that night, I got to try a number of the entrees. I personally had the green chili pork, which I have still been thinking about a month later. It was so comforting and really really tasty. My Husband had the burger, which he also really liked and I tried... it was very good. Some others at the table had pizzas and the corn one especially was quite good. All in all, I really liked St. Francis and cannot wait to go back some other time and try more of their unique, local products menu!
4	Service was great! (thank you, Patty!) Mimosa with my choice of oven-baked eggs. (Nice chunks of braised beef, so tender). Today is Sunday and there is live jazz. Great music but a bit too loud for my liking. Over all a nice brunch. No problem parking.
5	Staff = excellent, food = beyond excellent, drinks = beyond excellent, parking...  just like Postinos.   hate it!  But, what?  I'll be back..  The parking I can get over for service and food and drinks like St. Francis serves.  Amen!
5	Great food, fun staff and a beautiful place! I still dream of the cucumber cocktail I had, I never wanted it to end.
4	It's so easy to pass by this place at 40-miles-an-hour down Camelback  Road and not even know it's there. Please slow down and take note--it's a VERY cool spot.We walked over with a couple of friends and, though it was a Tuesday night, the place was packed.  Without a reservation, we opted to eat out on the patio instead of waiting the 30-45 minutes quoted to get a notably warmer table inside.On a very chilly evening, the dramatic outdoor fireplace, though purely aesthetic from our distance, provided an artful glow and some psychological comfort from the cold.  The patio was beautifully appointed in a "chic-yet-casual" sort-of motif.  I really appreciated the fact that the boundaries between the interior and the exterior of the restaurant were rather understated and transparent.  This layout made us feel much less like we were "banished" to the patio because of our lack of reservations.Our server was friendly, attentive and enjoyable and had a very good working knowledge of the menu and, most importantly, his recommendations coming from the kitchen that evening.  With St. Francis being known for its wood-burning oven, I opted for the roasted chicken.  It was the ideal blend of contemporary presentation and traditional comfort food and perfectly fit my mood on this early winter's evening.  I truly enjoyed every bite.Next time I'll know to make an advanced reservation.  I am very curious to dine in the very cool looking upstairs area that I noticed upon entering.
5	I have only been here for brunch.  I had one of the greatest gourmet burgers.  The design and ambience is one-of-a-kind.  I can't wait to go there for dinner.
4	I really enjoy St. Francis.  For the price, the food is fantastic.  Be a smartie and don't order the most expensive things on the menu...stick to the middle of the road and you'll be happy.  Their Fall menu is great - the pumpkin soup is definitely delish.  They have a decent bar, and they carry Chopin vodka, which is a plus.  Get a martini, have some dinner, enjoy.As far as service is concerned, don't be too picky.  They are more interested in "pretty" than experience as far as I can tell.  That's fine, just enjoy the pretty and don't expect loads of professionalism or food knowledge from the college students working there.Despite the service snafus, I always take out of town guests to St. Francis.  The menu is interesting and there's something for everybody.  I encourage you to give it a try!
4	This place is awesome.  The way the restaurant is designed sets the tone of the mood...warm colors and funky textures on the walls.  Our server was fantastic.  I had the pot roast, not typically something I order so I was a little nervous.  It was fantastic!!!  The server brought a knife but I didnt even need it....it melted with the touch of a fork.  The polenta is flawless....ooey gooey goodness on a plate.  Oh and I completely forgot about the goat cheese appetizer...unbelievable!  The desserts were "okay"....I have surely had better and so when I go back to this place I will skip dessert and have a second glass of wine.  I will also sit outside next time.  The outside patio looked much more inviting, especially the section by the cool fire.  I am a fan and will surely be back many, many times!
1	Wow, what a disappointment.Made plans to have lunch with a friend. I picked St. Francis after seeing a review of them in The Echo. I was quite embarrassed.Before making the date, I called the restaurant several times to ask some questions. No one would ever answer the phone, but the voice mail would pick up with a message about gift cards or something, so I knew they were atleast still in business. My friend and I headed over for a late lunch, hoping to miss any crowds. The hostess handed us the menu. At first I thought there must be a mistake. There wasn't much there. The hostess heard us say we wanted a baguette, so she brought one out, with two glasses of water. The server, Patty (sp), came by. I ordered tea, she asked if I needed sweetener and I said yes. The sweetener never came. Neither did any refills. When our food came out, which was delivered by the manager, we had to ask for refills from him. Patty never checked on us once during the meal. She did finlly come by and clear a few dishes nd get us a box. We sat their for quite some time waiting for the check, still with no drinks. Patty was standing over by the kitchen snacking on something, so I asked another server for the check. The service was some of the worst I have received in the downtown area.I called the restaurant today to give my feedback and see what kind of response I would get from management. That would determine if I would ever return to this place, as I really wanted to like it. Tried calling before the doors opened for lunch. Once again, no answer. Tried a couple more times, no answer. Finally, at 2pm today, Eva picked up the phone! I asked for the owner or manager. She asked who was calling and I identified myself as a customer. She came back on the phone and let me know the manager was too busy and asked for my nme and number. I told her not to bother, but let the manager know they had lost a customer.While the food was pretty good (meatballs and salmon flat bread), the service from Patty was dismal. She is best suited for someplace Like Dennys, although I have never even received service this bad there. Don't waste your time and money on this place. Too many other places in the area that are much better.
4	This place is so 'ME' I adore it!  The decor is very modern-hipster, very airy, sleek furnishings, great design!  We slid into a semi communal booth which was very comfy.  Started out with some $5 Happy hour cocktails...Sparkling meyer lemonade was delish. Just the right amount of alcohol, not too sweet , not too sour, and incredibly refreshing!Split up the caprese salad as an appetizer which was good, I liked the figs on it, nice and fresh, but I've had better mozzarella elsewhere.The french onion burger is out of this world!  It has a slight char on the meat, it's not a messy wet/overly juicy burger like some of the burger restaurants are doing nowadays. It has perfectly cooked crispy bacon and delicately fried onions on top of a very good bun. It is HUGE and it comes on this wooden board with a big cup of paper lined fries that are equally as delicious. We all had to get boxes.  The staff is very relaxed and courteous as well.I can't wait to come back for dinner!
4	After many failed attempts to drop in, we finally wised up and just made a reservation for Jeannie's birthday.  While everything looked fabulous, we couldn't really pull the trigger on what we wanted.  Took our time ordering and just settled in and  enjoyed some drinks.  Jeannie really liked her peartini...liked it so much she is on a peartini kick right now!  Feeling like big unadventurous lame-os, we ordered a mixed green salad and  a couple of French Onion Burgers.  Even a lame-o can score here!  The salad was very good, but the burgers were awesome.  I guess if you are paying $13 for a burger you are hoping for awesome.  Maybe everyone is just doing a better job at burgers these day.  The good news is that you can bring a burger person here and feel confident that they will walk away truly satisfied.  Still feel weird about ordering a burger here though....making a pledge to order a real St Francis entree next time.Service was solid. Even though the place was packed and the waitress was very busy, she managed to take good care of us. The architecture and the decor inside alone ( and the peartini!) was worth the trip.  Stopping in and hanging out the bar might be our next "no hamburgers allowed" visit.  Sitting on the street side of the bar might offer the best vantage point for soaking up the St. Francis ambiance..
3	I finally found myself at this eatery that my friends have been buzzing about.  We met up for happy hour but stayed for 3 hours and kept ordering appetizers and drinks.  We had the "potato balls" which was good but thought it wasn't the most spectacular potatoes.  We also ordered the chicken flatbread which was very delicious and ordered several of those!  The salmon flatbread was pretty good too.  We sat right by the fireplace outside.  A few minutes after we got there, the waiters were taking the nearby tables away or rearranging them.  They looked us but didn't say a word so we finally asked them what's happening and a waiter said that we had to either move inside or the bar.  We said No to that and my friend mentioned if we could see the Mgr.  The waiter came back and said that it was OK to stay and put another table as a couple of our friends arrived.  Weird.  But we also got a free appetizer for the confusion.  :)  Overall, nice ambience, good food, good drinks (cucumber martini was a-ok tho).  I wouldn't mind coming back here.
5	First off, as my inaugural YELP review, I would be remiss if i did not throw a shout out to all that blazed the trail before and left me a path.  Thanks to all who have submitted great critiques. As a recent transplant to Phoenix I have relied heavily on using the recommendations I have found on yelp to try local venues.  I must say I have discovered plenty to appease my wife and my east coast and west coast sensibilities (respectively).  Today I took my family to St. Francis for the first time and it rocked our world.  Despite what other posters have noted, we had really good service from the valet right through lunch.  The food was really, really great.  Perfectly prepared, ample portions. Although a tad noisy the atmosphere was very cool too. The value was off the chart. One of the few times I got my tab after a meal and had to double check because I thought they under-charged me. One thing that really blew my mind was an amazing kids entree that was free.  Are you kidding me?  My daughter is like the pickiest eater alive and she inhaled her food.  You can't make this stuff up, when we were seated she asked "what's that delicious smell?" and after devouring her food she said it was the best food ever (hurting my feelings a bit as the one who cooks at home).  For my family I think we all agree that this place "speaks to us".   Its nice to know that someone realized just because you have a kid doesn't mean you want to crawl under a rock and that maybe you you still want to enjoy some of the finer things in life with your family.  We will probably Make this our official stomping ground (sorry LGO) and whenever some visits us from out f town it's good to know we have a go to spot to "represent" what we think Phoenix lifestyle is all about.
4	Went back for dinner the other night and I am glad to say that I still love this place.  The roasted chicken is really good.  That sauce is fabulous! It's crispy on the outside, juicy and tender chicken, yummy broccolini. The farro is a little out of place, but who cares! It is THAT GOOD!   Also had the romaine hearts salad with endive, bacon, apples. This will be another lunch visit for sure.  Has just the right amount of sweet, savory, creaminess and crunch. The apples are cut up very nicely as slices and julienned in the salad. The full portion fed 3 of us a small salad.We also tried the pot roast which was very rich and decadent, almost like a short rib. It came on a creamy polenta which made it even more rich. It also has a few bok choy on the side as well. I love bok choy :) Overall good, but I'm glad we ordered a bunch of things and shared, because, it was a little heavy to eat all by yourself.  Everything doesn't compete with the chicken though. And 3rd, we got our stand by the french onion burger, which was good as usual. I also love the blackboard near  the back door that has the list of their seasonal fruits, vegetables, herbs that they use in their dishes.If you eat here for dinner trust me, you have got to order the Chicken!
4	Stylish and hip yet humbly manages to stay comfortable and understated; St. Francis is almost one of the best restaurants I've visited in a long time. There are enough interior design details to satisfy our inner Martha and a menu that's well presented and executed, so why the "almost"? The service was off. Our servers couldn't decide who we belonged too, another table's food was served to us, then our salads and soups came out with the entrees, huge no-no. For a restaurant that's been open well over a year, these kinds of rookie mistakes, while forgivable, are just out of place and confusing. It's a fact we all have off days, they clearly were having theirs.In the semi-open kitchen you'll see their custom built wood burning oven which is the cooking method for many of the dishes on the menu. Now maybe I'm nitpicking, but normally at this caliber of restaurant, bread is simply part of the service. At St. Francis to get a few slices of their fantastic house made baguette, served with extra virgin olive oil and sea salt ($2) you'll have to ante up. I know it's only a few bucks and really is a sign of the times, but really? So the bread was chewy and had an excellent developed flavor, okay it was worth it. When our Meatballs ($12) with Moroccan spice, tomato sauce, egg and olive oil toast arrived I swear there was cheese on top. After one bite of these meaty spheres there was no cheese at all, ends up the egg was so light and airy that it had a cheese like texture. This is that one dish that will keep me coming back over and over, such a taste departure from the typical Italian style. I'd highly suggest ordering the fork tender Pot Roast ($17). Better than moms, it was served with sweet corn polenta, bok choy, carrots and tomatoes, rustic and deliciously fulfilling. The white fish of the night ended up being a thick fillet of Mexican Grouper ($23). Like everything else, perfectly cooked, the plump flavorful fish was served with carrots atop a pillowy mound of mashed potatoes. If you're craving a burger, try the French Onion Burger ($13) with its smoked bacon, Gruyere cheese and crispy onions, its a beautiful thing.    Sticky Toffee Pudding ($7) with sweet cream gelato, was an excellent way to end such a great meal. The food at St. Francis was on point with every dish being excellent. I look forward to an on day when the service matches the food.
5	MY FAVORITE RESTAURANT IN ALL OF PHOENIX.  And I love food!  I have yet to have any dish that wasn't 8 or 9 out of 10.   From simple food (the burger is the best burger I've had in my life, I swear), to brunch (the baked eggs is excellent, as is the mushroom and goat cheese omelet), to dinner or lunch (the chile verde is to die for!).  I read somewhere that the pudding desert ($7) is one of the top 100 dishes in the valley.  It's not huge, but perfect blend of flavors and gelato and just a 10 out of 10 desert.  Honestly, I'd eat here weekly if I wasn't afraid of growing tired of the food.Ultra modern decor, clean, free valet, friendly owner/chef, and the most kid-friendly super fancy restaurant I've ever seen.Anyway, I'm usually tough on restaurants, but this is my favorite place to eat, and I have a hard time imagining anyone could be disappointed for giving it a try.
5	Best sticky toffee pudding ever.  But before I jump to dessert may I say that this restaurant is a feast for the eyes as well as for a hungry belly.  The bread and olive oil is a good way to start.  The polenta is delicious, I've had their carrot soup and its just spicy and warm enough with ginger undertones.  I'm not a huge fan of the flat breads but that has more to do with flat breads in general and not a knock on them.  The goat cheese appetizer comes in a crock with tomatoes, pine nuts and olive oil.  I almost always get the salmon on a bed on quinua salad.  And then, back to the sticky toffee pudding.  I dream about this stuff.  Warm, a little bit of chew and a sweet butterscotch/toffee flavor.  If you come during happy hour, there are often nice nibbles to go around also.  All in all, delicious and pretty.  If the weather is nice I like to sit at the front bar, or on the back patio next to the fire place.
3	Saint Francis of Assisi may be the patron saint of animals and the environment but after a recent visit, I wonder if St Francis neighborhood restaurant in Central Phoenix can live up to it's namesake.I'd heard several things about this little restaurant near Camelback road and Central in Phoenix via both Facebook and Twitter, mostly from people who seem to know a thing or two about a good meal. After having stopped in on several occasions I'm ready to share my thoughts.The restaurant is larger than it appears from the outside, in fact, you can (and I have on many occasions) drive right past with nary a glance. The parking is terrible but once inside things begin to come together. The decor is modern, funky and comfortable, the staff accommodating, and the menu enticing.As I'm a true fan of a good burger (something so simple yet often executed so poorly), I was drawn to the French onion burger with it's promise of applewood smoked bacon, gruyere cheese and crispy onions ($13).I've had quite a few "gourmet" burgers in my time and have sadly discovered the only thing gourmet about many of them is the price tag. Having said this, I was a little dubious about what would arrive.My (notably) pleasant server arrived with my meal in short order and I was quite pleased with both it's presentation and size, not obnoxiously large but certainly enough to justify the price if that were the only criteria.On first bite I knew something was different about this burger, it was perfectly cooked mid-rare, juicy, and the thick, crunchy bacon played well with sweet, slightly salty gruyere cheese. Crispy onions seemed a great addition and added texture and flavor while the bun, and this is important, didn't go all soggy and fall apart.Flanked by some of the tastiest French fries I've had in a while, I'd have to give this burger high marks for concept (simple but well executed), texture (not the typical dry OR mushy patty passed off as gourmet), and taste (in this case, exactly what I'm looking for in a burger).If you find yourself in need of sustenance on the long road to wherever it is you happen to be heading, make a point of stopping in and partaking in the food and hospitality of St. Francis.
4	We Finlay made it to St Francis. My girlfriend and I came here for dinner New Years eve for dinner before heading to a party. We both went with the 3 course meal that night. She got the salad that had thinly slice grapefruit and a light but tasty vinaigrette. I choose the lobster bisque. This lobster bisque was so good except one thing, they put thinly sliced pecans in it. This is not a place for nuts. I had a few bites of it before I got the pecans and it was delicious. Once i chewed the nuts it coated my mouth and that was all I could taste for the rest of the bowl. Leave the nuts out next time it was so good!!! Course #2 She got the scallops. Freakin awsome and cooked to perfection! I have never had a scallop cook so perfect ever. Props to who ever was cooking the scallops that night! I ordered the fillet. I ordered it med rare and it was more like med+ and I took one bite and decided to keep it cause it was delicious and they were busy and didn't want to wait 15 min for another. I usually would have sent it back but the flavor was there and the veggies that came with were excellent. For the desserts she got pear dessert with ice cream. Freakin awsome. Great thing to have for cleansing the palate after all that great food. I got the Chocolate turtle dessert that was great but we took that home for later. The building is cool and for the firs timers the waiter gives you a little history about the building before ordering. Great service and great food. We will be back and cant wait to see whats on the menu next time we stop by!
4	10/19/10 and 01/02/11Took Mom w/ me for her first visit to St. Francis (and my second!) for a late lunch around 1p.  The place was packed, and as usual, very noisy.  Thought perhaps I'd finally get a chance to see how the seating was upstairs, but we were seated on the main floor.  Even though we were seated right away, it took more than 10 minutes before our server finally greeted us.Even though I knew what I'd order for us both, I let Mom look over the limited menu-- for once, the lengthy downtime worked to our advantage!  She almost went for the lunch combo (soup, salad, and half of the Del Real sandwich), but in the end, we ordered the two items I already had my eye on before we'd left home (love to read menus online!).  We decided to share the French onion burger and the Red wine braised beef, and both came w/ a choice of fries or red quinoa salad, so we chose one of each.  The burger was a beauty!  On a substantial and gruyere-smothered patty lay greens, smoked bacon, and crispy shoestring onions, and these were all topped w/ a gorgeous bun!  We wouldn't hesitate to order this one again!  While the fries looked very promising, they were soggy, but Mom happily ate them.  I had the Red wine braised beef sandwich and the red quinoa salad to contend w/, so I didn't bother sending the fries back.  :)We both loved the quinoa salad-- what a pleasant surprise!  Red quinoa is very good for you-- high in fiber AND protein.  A superfood, indeed!  The key to this salad was the citrus vinaigrette.  A must-try!  The braised beef was also very, very good!  That is, when we finally tried it w/ the horseradish sauce, which somehow was overlooked while Mom and I were divvying up the entrees.  Panini-style, between two slices of their Texas toast, buttered, and gruyere cheese.  DO NOT forget the horseradish sauce, as it just makes the flavors pop in your mouth.  ---When I'd learned that Dennis Rowland was in the house during Sunday brunch, I couldn't wait to go to SF on a rare Sunday off work!  Again, it was a packed house, and I finally was seated upstairs.  Oh my Lord, what a horrendous place to be!  While I could hear Rowland and his band play (it's actually less noisy up there- go figure), I couldn't see them, what w/ the rafters and the ceiling fans underneath, and the cork flooring made every footstep coming and going annoyances I couldn't wait to get rid off by finally leaving!  Thank goodness the two entrees I'd ordered made up for these... hiccups.Liked the Iron skillet pancake (w/ dark chocolate chips and fresh raspberries), but thought the kitchen was a little light-handed on the chips-- please add more!  Also, I found the pancake was charred too much.  I thought it was bec. it was skillet-style, but I spied another table that received a perfectly un-charred one.  Really enjoyed the creme fraiche and fresh raspberries (please add more!), and the honey on the bottom of the pancake was delightful!  A great dish, really, even w/ the charred bits...  As for the house made biscuit-- well, one look at it and who could ever argue that it wouldn't taste grand??  Crazy-good fennel herb veggie gravy.  Yes, I said "crazy-good."  There's a first time for everything!  :)  Two very good meals which will keep St. Francis on my (long) rotation list!  (BTW, I think I heard Mom sigh when I told her where I was having brunch while she was getting ready work... I really wished I could've taken her w/ me!)p.s.  Not only did I not get a chance to SEE Rowland and his band play, but for the majority of my stay, the band actually took a break!  No doubt they were all enjoying some of the great-looking cinnamon rolls...  Next time, I'm going to wait for a table to open on the main floor.  That cork flooring upstairs has to go!
3	My first visit was on a rainy afternoon after passing by this place twice, trying to figure out the parking situation and dodging puddles I made it inside! I've heard good things about this place so a holiday mixer was a perfect reason to stop in. When I entered I immediately noticed the indoor/outdoor bar area and thought it would be a great place to grab drinks on a sunny afternoon. My party had reserved the upstairs loft portion for our mixer and I was very impressed about how "urban" and "hip" yet layed back this place felt. Since I missed happy hour I ordered a glass of Merlot ($10) and snacked on their fingerling potatoes ($6)...mmmmm they were delicious and very addicting. Since it was raining I opted for the pumpkin soup ($6) which was topped with creme fraiche (fancy word for sour cream), croutons and pomegranate seeds. It was creamy, tangy and delish, I almost ordered another bowl. I will def. be back for their jazz brunch or dinner! Overall Great service Comp valet A bit hard to find if your flying down Camelback Quality food
4	First time at St. Francis last night. Good menu selection, had an excellent server, good portion size and excellent meal.  I tried the chicken salad for dinner and it was tasty and just then right size.  They have provided a nice atmosphere with exposed brick, stainless steel tables, and just the right amount of lighting and music.  Only downside was the backless seats at our booth. Very trendy, but somewhat uncomfortable. Ask for a table instead and you'll be fine. I'll return.
3	It kinda breaks my heart to give a 3-star rating to what should have been a 5-star experience. Ever since I tried their Pumpkin Soup at a Local First event, I've been dying to go to St. Francis Restaurant. I got all of 3 tablespoons of the soup at the event and I wanted more. It was so good! So when I finally convinced a friend to try a new restaurant on the premise that it should be amazing - surely any restaurant that could produce such a delectable soup had to be amazing in every other way - I was excited. It was just the two of us, but we still had to wait for a table. I hate when I see 10 or more empty tables and still have to wait. I assumed it was for reservations, but no one ever filled the tables while we were there. I brushed it off. While we waited, we sat at the bar and ordered a drink. I found the bartender to be a little aloof, but again, I brushed it off again because I had one goal in mind - the soup.We made it to our seats (surrounded by many empty tables) and had our order ready. We wanted a baguette for an appetizer, soup for each of us, and then we planned on splitting the Citrus Salad. At this point, my anticipation for the soup is bouncing off the wall. We place our order with the waitress, and she grimaces as I order the soup. As soon as I saw her face, I knew."You don't have any soup do you?"She replies, "No, I'm sorry, it was made this morning, but the chef didn't think it was right, so he didn't want to serve it."I must have had an extremely sad face, because she told me she would check anyway. But sadly, there was no soup.This is where I am torn. I really admire a chef who prides himself in his culinary creations, and the fact that he wouldn't serve something sub-par is admirable. At the same time, this place has been open for a while now, and I've come to understand that the soup is a standard. Why wasn't it right today? Perhaps the fresher of the ingredients weren't of the quality they should have been? We still ordered the citrus salad, and it was good. Small, but good. I would like to go back because seriously, I want some of that soup - still - but what if this happens again?
5	We've eaten at Saint Francis twice in the last two weeks.  Both times the lunch and the service was great but the BEST thing was the dessert.  Their sticky toffee pudding with dates is indescribable!
5	Oh. St. Francis. You are the wind beneath my wings. You truly are king of the world. You complete me.  And yes, yes, indeed you had me at hello. Kitty. Sorry. Couldn't resistAte here last night with my folks and my visiting bro and his beau. Everything was absolutely outstanding. With a shout out to our server and I'm completely bummed I don't remember  her name. Though I'm happy to report my dad made a point to tell the manager how fabulous she was.Flatbread. Roasted chicken. Roasted veggies with goat cheese. Pork chop. Ribeye. And the famous green chile pork stew.I love you more than my luggage. Drink your juice Shelby. Hit her Weezer! Hit her. Go. To. St. Francis.
3	The good: Meatballs were amazing. Second favorite dish was baked goat cheese appetizer.  Plus the ambience, decor, and even bathrooms in this place are awesome!!!The okay: Mushroom Flatbread and Forbidden Rice Veggie Dish were fine but not great. The bad: Pumpkin soup and Baguette appetizer were super disappointing.Wish the food at St Francis would catch up to its surroundings
5	this time we shared a craft of house wine, like it a lot,  and the goat cheese appetizer, liked that a lot too. The boy had the pork chop and it was melt in you mouth tender, about and inch and a half thick, and absolutely wonderful. I had the seafood cioppino, loved it. Ive seen some complaints about the soggy bread, but I loved it. I left it for the very last so it could soak up all the amazing broth, it was still slightly crispy on the edges, but gooey from the cheese and broth in the middle, it was the perfect end to a really great meal.  Service was good too.
5	Should deserve six stars.  Amazing food, great service, reasonable pricing, good happy hour, and fantastic design to boot.  Can't wait to go back.
4	Fantastic atmosphere. Very Very friendly staff. Food presentation was spot on.We had drinks and a Brick Oven Flatbread (cheese) and it was delicious. I can't wait to go back and try a full entree. They had a Salmon dish on the menu I am going to try when I return. I was staring at other dishes and they looked mouth watering.
5	In the year I promised to be tougher, I am so happy I finally made this visit.  This is only a BRUNCH REVIEW.  I have not tried anything else.   When I pulled up the valet was even cool looking.  We sat on the patio and walked in to a very cool jazz band making our Sunday feel like a scene from Sex in the City.  So we started with two cocktails a bloody mary and a cucumber cooler (I think), both perfect. The menu is very gourmet but everyone could find something they like and KIDS EAT FREE!  We started with a tri-color cauliflower soup excellent.  Then my course was a fennel gravy with turkey sausage on biscuits then on the tippty-top two friend eggs, for dessert a cinnamon roll the size of your head.  The service was fair could have been a bit faster, but she was genuinely very nice.  At points the clientele did look like they just came out of Sex in the City episode... when that was cool.  The price is very fair for the quality.
5	After hearing lots of positive reviews, I finally had the opportunity to savour the Sunday brunch at St Francis. The food is fresh and rich. The Baker's board was a great start and showed the range and sensible attention to basic details offered by the kitchen. The St Francis Bloody Mary, apparently voted best of Phoenix, was carefully crafted from at least eight different ingredients. While I enjoyed the veggie base, the flavor profile is distinctly citric. Unfortunately, I am more of a fan of salt and pepper, so next time I am going to have to pass on what otherwise was a great cocktail. The Cucumber Cooler was refreshing and tasty. Anything with Hendricks does a body good.I highly recommend the fried egg sandwich. Bacon + spice + mozzarella + red peppers = yum. The wood-oven baked eggs was the wow offering on the menu. Baked eggs and braised beef plus broccolini and tomatoes with bread is a rich and filling plate with a taste you'll want to visit again soon. On a busy day, a couple may be able to get away with finding a great seat at the bar. However, if you're you're coming in a group, it might be worth calling ahead.
2	Service - prompt. very prompt. In fact so prompt that I called her a "fly by waitress" I didn't even remember what her face looked like. It felt like she wanted us out of there and it was confirmed when at the end of our meal she dropped the bill  without even asking for the previously mentioned to go order we wanted to place. So much for that, our tab could of been higher! It sucks for her because we are like the best customers EVER, we tip great and are super easy, so very put off by this and said to everyone at the table, "tip going down." Even though we still tip 20% which is a low tip for all of us.But my foodie friends and I agreed that every time we have come here the service has lagged. Beautiful space though, which is why we always hope for success.I am steadily unimpressed by the food. I have had dinner here and this was my first time having Sunday brunch. The best part of it was my amazing cinnamon roll.The orange juice was great, but it was a tiny glass and they put ice in it, WTF?! If I'm paying for fresh squeezed orange juice, on top of a small glass please leave out the ice!I had the fried egg sandwich. Nice presentation, great tasting sandwich. Came with a side of potatoes, btw, I could live in a potato and eat my way out so I am sad, they look great but are tasteless, so tasteless I didn't even finish them. That's a first!On top of everything, waited almost an hour for our food. So, since I'm steadily unimpressed by this beautiful spot, I will go back, but only for drinks, they can't mess that up!
4	With some dissatisfaction about our usual lineup of restaurant choices, we gave St. Francis a try. Living so close to it - and wanting to check out the buzz - St. Francis was not a disappointment. The valet service and hipster scene was a tad offputting upon our arrival, but the decor and beatiful interior of St. Francis was enjoyable to dine in. Large glass windows, renovated historic brick walls, and an open kitchen gave the experience of dining in a more restaurant-known city, say San Francisco. We were seated in between Mayor Phil Gordon and his two bodyguards, so, hey, if Mayor Phil thinks something of St. Francis...My girlfriend and I both ordered the Cioppino, and, wow. It was amazing. Rich and tomatoey, herby and chock full of seafood treats, I found myself scraping the sides of the cast iron pot at the end. It was really a treat. It's nice to have some semblance of a restaurant scene in central Phoenix, and St. Francis is definitely leading the pack.
4	There is nothing I enjoy more than a great Sunday brunch and St Francis did not let me down. The food and atmosphere were the perfect way to start off a relaxing day.  We had to wait about 25 minutes before getting seated but it was no problem because our server brought us drinks while we sat and enjoyed the live jazz music.  My friend and I started off by sharing a GIANT cinnamon roll topped with caramel sauce. SO GOOD. We destroyed the pastry in minutes, which left both of us wondering how we were going to eat our meals. Fortunately, we are both gluttons and were able to pull ourselves together for round 2. I had the Eggs Benedict and roasted potatoes and my friend ordered the Wood-Oven Baked Eggs. Both were delicious. The only thing I didn't like was that the tables were very close together. At times it felt like we were dining with our neighbors. Overall I would highly recommend St Francis' brunch and I am eager to return again.
2	I was so excited to go to St. Francis for brunch with my friends today.  I've been hearing glowing reviews of this restaurant, and have been eager to try it.  We just beat the Sunday morning rush.  We were a party of 6, and we were seated at the long, uncomfortable table with the bench seats.  The seats were too low to really be easy to slip into and out of, and on one side of the table there were no backs to the seats.  How comfortable can that be?  Anyway, the menu looked delightful, and the Cartel coffee was strong and delicious.  We ordered a couple of their sticky buns to share.  They were huge, and quite yummy.  I ordered the basic American Breakfast (2 eggs, bacon, potatoes, toast).  The only thing I finished was the bacon.  The eggs, while light and fluffy, were bland.  There was neither salt nor pepper on our table, and we weren't offered hot sauce.  The toast was dry.  While the bread was good, could I possibly have some butter, please?  And the jam was overly-sweet and tasted like Smuckers--nothing special.  The potatoes were whole fingerlings, and were so dry I only ate one and left the rest.  Blah.  On the plus side, the male servers were attractive and our all-female party enjoyed that aspect of the experience.  I love what they've done with the building, and I'll give them another chance at lunch or dinner, but I won't be going back to St. Francis for brunch.  We HATED the valet parking.  It was raining outside and we had to wait in line for an unreasonable amout of time for our car.
2	Although the space itself is really beautiful, My first visit to St. Francis left me longing for the tiny digs and reliably excellent food of Matt's. On the plus side, our party of 6 was seated without wait, the wait staff provide lots of good eye candy and the service was friendly and prompt.  The food was just ok.  I had the fried egg sandwich which comes with their roasted fingerling potatoes and small ramekins of their 'Mexican ketchup' and chipotle mayo. Everything on the plate was boring. There are just too many ways to make a great breakfast potato, so these bland, unseasoned fingerlings were disappointing and neither condiment wowed me. I thought it odd that no salt or pepper were on any table and I thought I might insult the chef by asking for them.  I assumed the absence of such basic 'comforts' must mean they believe everything is coming out of the kitchen perfectly seasoned. Guess again guys. It is never a good thing when a table full of famiodis foodies take in an entire meal at a new place without a single rave or a 'holy socks Batman, this is killer!!'.  Nope, not a single holy anything in the beautifully styled St. Francis. My other non food related negatives are the lack of parking and the VERY uncomfortable seating. They do offer complimentary valet service in their postage stamp sized lot but it looked like a crazed chess game as we waited (in the rain)  for a stupid long time for the valet to 'free' our cars. The seating is bench style, on which there are no backs, so you are either practicing perfect posture throughout you meal or you are leaning into the backs of perfect strangers. Either way, it is weird and uncomfortable. All in all , I most likely wouldn't go out of my way to go back.
4	I can't stop thinking about my dessert.  Even though I was not going to write reviews until I get the cast off of my right hand, I decided to go ahead and peck at the keyboard with my left hand.  The place is very cozy with a great modern vibe.  Since they don't take reservations on Fridays (we were told that) our friends and us decided to wait by the fireplace outside. Even though it took our waiter over 20 minutes to bring us our drinks, I am not going to penalize them since I was having fun chatting.  Once we got our table we ordered a fantastic meal.  I had the Salmon with red quinoa and an extra side of sweet corn polenta.  The salmon was cooked to perfection, tender and juicy.  The red quinoa was tangy with a hint of sweetness, ummm delicious. I wanted to try my husband's Forbidden Rice dish, but when I turned to get a bite, his plate was empty.  Dessert was amazing,  I had the sticky toffee pudding (second time I've had this dessert).  I is the perfect ending to  a wonderful meal.
4	You my new found friend are uber popular! And, I can see why. Your restaurant is ridiculously friendly to families, girls day out and boys at the bar. I rolled in for a late day brunch with a girlfriend and was immediately seated and got to ordering right away. The menu is pretty straight forward and not real complicated. I was in the mood for booze, really when am I not in the mood for booze, and Francis, you saint you, you delivered this fantastic gin cooler. It was excellent and I made me think I should have a pool party and serve them to all my friends, or just sit at your bar and order another! With my booze, I needed some food and I went with the eggs benedict. Hollandaise sauce is the true test of a good eggs benny. Your hollandaise is really good. Fabulous in fact. The eggs were nicely poached and I have no idea what you do with the english muffins but there was something spectular about them....All around tasty. All and all, I can definitely see myself coming back the only draw back is the parking....more parking please!
5	I went to St. Francis last night with two friends and was completely blown away.  The drinks were amazing (I had the peartini - literally tasted like I bit into a pear, my friends had the almond margarita - almost as delicious).  We opted to skip the appetizers since we all have sweet tooths.  I had the pot roast which was such a (great) departure from my mother's version.  The beef fell apart with the fork and had a fantastic flavor to it.  A little on the sweet side but not overpowering at all.  The veggies and polenta were great sides to this dish.  My friends had the hanger steak which was cooked perfectly and the french onion burger where the cheese just made the burger oh-so-good.  All three of us finished our entire plates even though we swore we were taking to-go boxes.  The portions were just right.For dessert we could not decide which sounded the best so we went with all three!  Clearly we should have worn our stretch waist pants.  The bananas foster was not your usual syrupy goop, it was baked in a skillet and had more of a bread pudding texture than just banana mush (I usually am not a fan of the dessert but this was delicious).  The St. Francis Turtle was a round-wonder of a brownie.  The edges were covered in nuts, the chocolate fudge and caramel mousse on top were to die for.  Saving the best for last, the sticky toffee pudding.  I can only say it was like having a taste of heaven in every bite.  I would definitely go back... and have all three desserts again.
5	I want to live here. Wait, what?  You're probably thinking I want to live here because of the food, yes that's partially true, but I absolutely love the space.  It's exposed brick walls, lofted dining area, glass garage door and cozy patio...it's what I envision my future residence to be.  Similar to the decor, the menu boasts a variety of comfort food with a modern twist.  Pot roast with bok choy and polenta?  Heck yes, why didn't anyone think of that sooner?  The portions are generous and I've always gone home wtih a box of left overs.  Let's talk liquor.  They have a great beer selection but if you are a fan of sangria, you MUST try theirs.  It tastes as if the citris has been marinating in there for days, which is just the way I like it.  I took my foodie friend from the the big apple here for a celebratory dinner and he absolutely loved it (I know this because his plate was spotless by the end of our dinner).  If it's good enough for a new yorker, you KNOW it's good.  Brunch here was just as wonderful.  The blood marys were strong and the entrees were hearty enough to cure our hangovers.  Again, the portions were large portions yet packed with flavor.  I recommend the baked eggs and their cauliflower soup which was incredibly creamy and not gritty like you'd find at other places.
3	The food was great. I had the Pot Roast it was very good. The server wasnt very good. Didnt come around much. It took a while to get a refill on my beverage. I really like the way this place looks. Only think I didnt like was the seating. The table I was at had pews or benches at first it looks cool but we sat on the side that had no back and you were basiclly touching backs with the people seated behind you. So as we finished dinner I got up an acidentally elbowed the person setting behind me in the ribs. That sucked having to end the meal with an appologie to the the person behind me.
4	I ordered the cioppino; the mussels, clams, and fish were very fresh. I only wished it came with rice on the side. They do not have cappuccino or espresso, just regular or decaf.
3	I had been wanting to try St Francis for awhile. I don't know if it's because I went in at a random time (3pm on a Sunday) or what but things were sub par. First of all, the menu is really limited. I am not crazy about my diet, but I like a little balance. I couldn't find anything other than a carb on the whole menu! Baked goat cheese with bread, 3 different kinds of flatbreads, bread with dipping oil. Bread, bread, bread.....My friend and I ordered the chicken flatbread which was very tasty. I also got the St. Francis lemonade with the honey infused vodka, which is reason enough to return. It was ridiculously good...I think I had 6. The service was not super attentive and not very friendly either. I think stern would be a good way to describe the bartender. Anyway, the space is gorgeous and the drinks are strong. Maybe I will go back for dinner when they offer the full menu.
5	I could kick myself for not trying this place sooner. It's by far one of the best restaurants in town. The pork chop cooked in the wood-fired oven with spice braised cabbage and caramel apple is one of the best dishes I have had in Phoenix in a long time. I was officially over flatbreads until I tried the oven-baked roasted chicken flatbread with caramelized onion and fennel here. Service was off the charts, too. I ate there last night, had the leftovers for lunch (even better the next day; I was amazed) and I'm dying to go back. That hardly ever happens to me.
4	I loved it here!  Great atmosphere, comfortable setting and tasty food!  The menu is small but quality and the taste was amazing!  It seems to wrap an urban, uptown, outdoor patio with fireplace vibe all in one!  I had the Hanger steak with green mashed potatoes and asparagus.  AWESOME.  Friends had the chicken and salmon and both delicious!  The warm goat cheese appetizer is a MUST!  Service was excellent and I'll be back soon and refer!
5	I finally had an opportunity to visit this place... Knowing the relationship with the LGO prior to visit, I already had some understanding and expectations from this restaurant.Great atmosphere and design; we had a chance to sit upstairs which was unique.  I tried the prime hanger steak, medium-rare and sweet corn polenta on the side.  The polenta is absolutely amazing; consistency of grits and the mixture of butter and cheese flavors are perfectly balanced.(..and yes, it was that good) and steak was cooked to satisfaction, no complaints.Service has some room for improvement, not enough to loose a star though.Tried this place once more and they did not let me down.... The basil lime Caipirinha, is mind blowing... a MUSTI wish they were open late on the weekends...
5	Nice waiters. Great food. You really due pay for the atmosphere and the ambiance, in my view..its worth it.  I dont see to many places with the feel this place has. I just was on my way from Portland and was lead to this place unknowingly..and it was just what I needed.Waiters are nice.One of the bartenders... kind of an "one uper," ...but over all nice people to talk to. Soon to be a duke.
1	although it may look like a groove place from the outside my first visit will be the last. sad to think that so many people think this place is good. Food was below average, service was OK but i asked for my drink and got it 20 minutes later. i use to bar tended so i understand how busy it can get but wow! they didn't even care that it happened
5	This place is EXACTLY what we were looking for.  Great ambiance, friendly service, and delicious food!!  We shared the baked goat cheese appetizer, which was soooo decadent.  My husband had the cioppino stew and said it had incredible flavor.  I had the forbidden (but not tonight) rice, a really exotic and fresh dish.  (Lots of vegetarian options here.)  We usually skip dessert, but since we were having such a great time we splurged for the turtle of amazingness.  Loved it, and we'll definitely be back, hopefully during happy hour to try out some of the specialty drinks that seemed a little spendy at full price ($9).
5	O Holy Pork Chili Verde, your flavors are so grand.Your spicy kick and sweet cornbread make me a huge fan.Long lay St. Francis,You're warm and friendly and hip.Your modern flairand down-home styleis really hard to compare.A thrill of hopefor each new visit.St. Francis you inspireand your food I really admire.I fall... on my knees!With taste buds exalting!For the French Onion Burger,the seasonal soupand a taste of things to come.O, St. Francis! O, Holy Pork Chili Verde!O, you're so divine!
3	Let me start out by saying you will not be as picky as me and would add another star maybe?I really did like the cool swank hip and groovy place and I soon found out this IS a place to be seen and some who's WHO'S of Phoenix area were dining here .but now the food....We decided to share a cheese flatbread ..it was good like someone make one from scratch in the back yard BBQ but it was a PIZZA and too much food as a starter . If we knew we would have started with a salad instead but the flat bread sounded more fun .I had the roasted chicken to me it seemed brined because the breast meat was VERY tasty and VERY moist but it also seemed steamed because the skin stayed white in color and was like rubber and you had to remove it .The dark meat was undercooked and one part was raw (red) I didn't know at time when server checked on us .I liked that my vegetable was brocolini but it was ice cold and just covered up the white chicken being laid on top .I did like the parsnip puree it was really like parsnip scented whipped potatoes and it sort went really well with the roasted garlic sauce around the plate but I wasn't thrilled with the chewy farro a few pomagrante seeds garnished the plate .My companion enjoyed the Pork Chili Verde with cornbread (but did say the similar one out last week was slightly better)We'd return
5	I've been here twice for dates and had a great meal, with great service each time, along with great company. The first time here i had the green chile pork, it was a bit spicy, very flavorful and the pork was tender. The cornbrread along side was great too. it was also he perfect portion size. The second time i had a burger and it was SO delicious. I usually would order something that i can't make myself but im glad i ordered it! The ketchup which is made in house (i think) alongside was also really good and had a slight kick to it.
4	This place is great!  My friend highly recommended this restaurant so we went for happy hour during the week.  It has a great atmosphere with an indoor/outdoor bar area.  We started with the baked goat cheese with crostinis and it was to die for!  We also had the buttermilk salad and the chicken pizza which were both very tasty as well.  The wine list was great and the server at the bar was very helpful.  I will definitely be back!
5	Eating here has somehow made me feel like a better, more interesting person.
4	I had lunch here today and quickly became of fan of this eatery. Service was quick and friendly and the food was noteworthy, I had the roasted veggies with a quinoa side salad, which, if you know anything about quinoa, you know it takes some creativity to bring this lonely little starch to life. Well, similar to the bride of Frankenstein, not only did they bring the quinoa to life, they used a dressing that gave it the personality of Liberace on Ecstasy!No shit!My wife had the red wine braised beef sandwich, which when dipped in the horseradish cream sauce, produced a mouth orgasm similar to those tantric 8 hours orgasms Sting is always bragging about. So thats it.A quinoa salad that practically jumped off the plate, singing broadway show tunes like Michigan Frog, as my wife shuddered uncontrollably with every bite of her beef sammy. I presume she wasn't faking it either since no mercy bites were offered after finishing my meal in record time.
4	We had a great dinner here!  The food was delicious from start to finish-and what a finish!  The bananas Foster were out of this world-one of the best desserts ever!  The salmon was to die for and my husband ate his chili verde so fast I didn't get a taste! We'll go back for sure next time we're in Phoenix. (For people from the Bay Area, it was not swanky or hip and groovy, as other reviewers have written)
2	Long wait. Over priced. Under served. So many better places to go.
4	I have wanted to try St. Francis for some time. I drive by it all the time and it always looks full of people having a good time. I went here with a group of friends on a Wednesday night and was surprised to find out there was a 45 minute wait. The hostess was very friendly and said we could go the bar area or the area by the fire. While it is nice that we could hang out and have a drink I thought 45 minutes on a Wednesday was kind of a long time to wait for a table. Maybe I am just getting impatient as I get older...I had the St Francis lemonade which was delicious and refreshing. For an appetizer we split the baked goat cheese. It was so good we ordered a second order. It was probably my favorite thing of the entire meal. For dinner I split the chicken flat bread with my sister. It was a good size portion and came with caramelized onions, chicken, fennel, and arugula. While it was tasty it didn't "wow" me. Two other of my friends both got the citrus salad and it looked pretty good and was something you wouldn't normally make for yourself at home - so maybe I will try this next time.The service was friendly but I did feel as if our server was repeating things directly from the menu like a robot and he couldn't really make a good suggestion on what to try for food or wine. Overall, I think St. Francis is good place for groups or for a romantic dinner it just wasn't as spectacular as I thought it would be.
3	We waited.  Not to be seated, mind you. They led us from the front bar and hostess area promptly through the polished concrete, low tabled interior to a spot centrally located and just right for a two-person confab. We talked. We ordered signature cocktails (that we liked). We waited. We ordered food. Thankfully I went with a very good friend and there was much to be said. Eventually, our flatbread arrived and was tasty but nothing to crave.It's small, it's lovely, it has great potential. I would go again, but maybe just for a cocktail and appetizer next time...
4	Thrice I have dined at this establishment and thrice I have enjoyed my meal.  The french onion burger is wonderful and the forbidden rice is sinfully flavorful.  Great decor and good vibes all around.  Cheers.
4	This is one of my favorite places.  Great food, great service, great bar, and great atmosphere.  There is a nice outdoor area.  This one of my favorites.  . The only negative is the restaurant manager.  He is a younger guy and everytime I go he is very critical of the waitstaff.  I kind of cringe when I hear him speak to them.  Otherwise, this is a must go to place.  Great.
5	The food was amazing! Had the chicken flatbread and pudding with icecream. Excellent service. I loved this place!!!
5	I just love it. The music blew my mind. Why? because the National was playing while eating a quinoa salad in a perfectly lit room while my friends laughed over their local beers. Could be one of the best places I've ever been on a date or with friends. The bartenders and servers are all great. The food is divine (and yes i just said that). It's worth every dime. Even the tip to the complimentary valets.
4	Faultless decor, service, and food.I had the pot roast, being as I am a fan of good old 'murrican comfort food raised to new levels of refinement thanks to superpremium ingredients. I wasn't disappointed. There was a nice sear on the outside to hold the moisture and flavor in. The mashed potatoes were delicious, and the veggies (including fennel) were done perfectly.The prices were reasonable, and I could imagine taking a family here to experience really GOOD food.I'll be back. Even thought the hotness of the waiter that Amy found irresistible must have escaped me. ;-)
4	The food was wonderful. The presentation was great. The servers were outstanding . One of my fav now.
3	We just tried this place and it was okay...not fantastic though.  I got a salad.....i probably should have gone with the chile verde.  It was a nice atmosphere and the service was decent....I did think it was a bit overpriced.
2	I love the outdoor space at this restaurant. We had a very friendly waiter serve us. We started out with a delicious gin cucumber cocktail which was so refreshing. For an appetizer we had the chicken arugula flatbread that was tasty but definitely could of used a bit more flavor. The caesar salad made with kale was so salty that we were not able to eat much of it. The romaine salad was okay, nothing special. The entree, halibut was so dry it was totally inedible. The roasted vegetables were just so-so. I ate here in December and loved it but this time I was very disappointed. I am in no hurry to return, except for a drink.
4	I've been a baseball fan my whole life, and I have to say that this place hit one out of the park!  We had lunch at St Francis today and were thrilled.There were only two of us so we had a limited sample of the menu, but everything was topnotch.  We tried the baked goat cheese appetizer and were wowed by the creaminess of the melted cheese, the piquant flavor of the tomato salsa, and the crunchy toasted baguette to spread all the goodness on. This is a winner... just go ahead and order it and you'll thank me later!Dining partner got the Red Wine Braised Beef sandwich, with the Red Quinoa side salad. Now I must tell you, I was all over quinoa ten or fifteen years ago, before it got real trendy, and cooked it often... but always had it hot, sort of as a substitute for rice in dishes where you'd use rice.  Never ran across a recipe for it to be used cold, in a salad... REVELATION!  the dressing and other ingredients in this dish are very cleverly combined, look very nice on the plate, and provide the double whammy of (light and flavorful) with (savory and satisfying)... you could make a lunch out of it and go home happy!  The sandwich was good... grilled bread tasty... horseradish sauce brings zing and flavor... but all in all nothing to write home about.  I ordered the Pork Chile Verde... gosh I seem to order that all over town don't I?  this one is not a home run, it's more like a Grand Slam In The Bottom Of The Ninth!  OMG so smoky good, with a healthy heat index (comes with a roasted jalapeno in the stew, eat at your own risk)  A side of homemade corn bread is delicious, crumbly and just goes perfectly with the stew.  Don't be shy, just dip it in there and get it all over your upper lip... no one will blame you.I definitely will return to this restaurant, perhaps at dinnertime... but whatever time you go, I am sure you'll enjoy it!
4	Went to celebrate with my honey and a friend suggested this place. First of all, great atmosphere. Second of all we were seated right away in the restaurant and decided we wanted to sit outside. The hostess was super nice and accommodated for us right away. I always feel like an annoying person doing that and the hostess definitely did not make me feel that way! Ordered some wine and the roasted chicken flat bread to start. That was yummy. Then I ordered the white fish (which was a halibut) and he ordered the pork chile verde AMAZING! our waitress Elena was awesome and extremely attentive/informative. My only thing was that they brought out the entrees while we were still eating our appetizer. Not that big of a deal to be honest.
2	Went to St. Francis Restaurant for lunch - my husband is a Yelper and so we expected a great deal more than we received.  Nothing was bad - just not particularly good - nothing to go back for - we had TOMATO SAUCE with goat cheese and TOMATO SAUCE with meatballs - notice the emphasis on "tomato sauce".   I was unable to taste any goat cheese and the little hard bread chips were a waste of time.  The meatballs were fine, but so overpowered by the tomato sauce that the Moroccan spices were almost lost.  Oh, I have a problem with tomato sauce and have been suffering ever since lunch.  I thought I read the menu carefully and was unaware that both things we ordered would be so heavily doused with TOMATO SAUCE.  Somebody mentioned tomato salsa with their goat cheese, but we got TOMATO SAUCE  and lots of it.Nice ambiance - pleasant waitress, fairly timely service, but ----
4	took the wife there for her b-day sat outside had great service . the goat cheese app we ordered was fab one of the flat breads, a burg that my wife split with a friend i had the meatballs which were 3 huge balls in there very tasty red sauce served with a big piece of toasted rustic bread  we also had the kale salad yes alot of food we had pleanty of takehome
5	After a day of sight seeing in the Flagstaff area, my daughter and I stopped in for dinner on way back to the East Valley. We were pleasantly surprised to find this restaurant with the help of YELP. Both of us had the meatballs they were excellent and really hit the spot. The perfect comfort food for weary hungry travelers. The staff was very nice, service was great and their deserts are to die for.
5	I have been here a few times and feel it is time to write a review. This place gets 5 stars no question. From the decor to the food to the service this place is great. I have yet to order anything that is even just ok. Everything has been wonderful.To start, be sure to get the bread. Yes, they charge you $2 for it but they serve a warm loaf of bread with high quality extra virgin olive oil. Also, be sure to get the quinoa salad, which is one of my favorites.For an entree, everything we have ordered has been great. I have tried the green chile pork and the pot roast. Both of these dishes were amazing. As for my wonderful girlfriend, she always sticks to the salmon which has been good perfectly evertime and is always fresh. When her parents were here with us the got the special which was a fettucini carbonara, and one of the best around. If they have this on the menu, order it. The burgers and flat breads looked really good too, so I will have to order one next time.The drink menu is extensive and they have a good beer list. Also, be sure to save room for dessert as the bananas foster is great.
3	The cool setting does not make up for multiple service mistakes (wrong dishes being sent to multiple tables, the wrong dessert being left at the table, etc.). For the price, the entrees are meh. This would be a two star review but the cocktails are good enough to ratchet it up one more star. I want to like this place more but other restaurants in this town are much better.
4	The place was dope! The only bummer was the half-assed sun cover offerings out on the patio, but we were lucky to find a spot inside for post brunch drinks! Food, service and atmosphere are all good! Definitely make it to this spot!
2	What's with all the flies outside?  Not sure there's anything the place can do about it, but it sure made to an uncomfortable start--the 30 minute wait to get a table, even though I could see two tables big enough for us unused.Our waitress was quiet in a loud joint. She got my order wrong.  I asked for the pork chile verde, she brought me the pork chop. The pork chop was very good, but the accompanying beans were way undercooked.  Oh, an the pork chop was $22, versus the pork chile verde I was planning on getting being $13.The food was definitely tasty (for the most part) and fresh.  I'd rate the food a 7/10, but the waiting discomfort, the quiet and non-eye-contact waitress I'd rate a 4/10. Overall, there are a lot of better places nearby.  I recommend Postino or Hulu's.
4	We frequent Saint Francis - dinner and weekend brunch. Love it. Complimentary Valet is a great way to start. Live music playing on the patio. Open air bar. And that's all before you get inside the door. :)Some favorites - Peartini. Yum. The "Smart Caesar" featuring Kale is delicious. We love the Chili Verde with cornbread. The meatballs hit the spot if you're in the mood.After dark they play movies on the patio - the last night we were there they were showing the DeNiro / Pacino film "Heat" from 1995. Overall, a very cool place day or night.
3	The Mrs. and I had never been here yet. Her boss was in town and we needed a place to take her for dinner before she caught her flight home. Now normally, we don't like to take someone somewhere we haven't been, but her boss had heard about St. Francis and wanted to go.Here's another, "I really wanted to like this place, but..." review. I thought the food was good. Very tasty and decent portion sizes. However, for what you get, I thought it was a bit overpriced. We enjoyed our dinner at a quiet table upstairs, but since her flight wasn't until almost midnight, we decided to hang out for awhile and enjoy a few beverages and catch up. Everything was great until they decided to close the upstairs around 10 PM and they sent our waitress home form the evening. The waiter who took our order was a little snooty and appeared to have other places he'd rather be. Drink refills were few and far between and we thought they were trying to close up. I excused myself to use the men's room and when I went downstairs I was surprised to see the downstairs was still very busy. I'm the waiter would have rather not have had to cover both the upstairs and the downstairs, but we were courteous and tipped well. I'm sure we'll go back and try them again. I really like the ambiance of the patio. It seemed like a great place to enjoy dinner and drinks on a beautiful evening.
4	This place was hopping at lunch time last friday! The restaurant is really nice looking, with a lot of natural sunlight. I went with my dad and we split the chicken flat bread and the braised beef sandwich with the quinoa side salad. It was a lot of food! we ended up taking half of it home. Anyway, I thought the sandwich was good, but could have used some veg or something on it so it wasn't just meat and bread. In addition, the flatbread was good, but could have used more flavor too! It has really delicious caramelized onions, which gave it the majority of its flavor, but it could have had more seasoning or a sauce of sort.... The quinoa salad was really good, I would definitely eat that again. Also, the service was very attentive, when my dad went to the bathroom, the server came over and refolded his napkin.... kind of weird, but nice I suppose. Overall, I thought it was good, my dad liked it more than I did, and I would like to try this restaurant again.
3	***St. Francis has a great dining room and features local ingredients; while the food was not great on our visit, it definitely showed potential***St. Francis has one of the best dining rooms I've seen in a long time.  The dining room definitely feels hipster and young, but its design is so much better than other restaurants with a young vibe.  Typically, these type of restaurants (like Animal and Pizzeria Mozza) feel too dark, too loud, too cluttered, and maybe even too ordinary.  St. Francis though presents a very lively and young atmosphere that is really open, warm and with smart design touches.We came in late at night, but there was a fair amount of light in the room, which really opened up the room as well as allowed some of their food presentations to shine.  The restaurant featured some great metal tables that reinforced the casual theme.  The booths were comfortable.  The ceilings were highlighted by sharp looking wood rafters (that were outfitted with expertly placed small lights).The walls of the restaurant were a nice exposed red brick that really went well with the wood fire oven.  The restaurant also featured big, large windows that actually looked like mirrors.The menu (a mix of locally sourced rustic dishes with upscale flair) went very well with the decor.  Unfortunately, the food was not as good as the decor though it did show potential and maybe it would have been better if we had ordered differently.We started with the french fries, which were thick and nicely browned.  They looked like carnival fries or Five Guys fries (the kind of fries that go nicely with salt and vinegar).  They are the perfect fries when cooked right because they will be crisp on the outside and hot and soft on the inside.  Unfortunately, the fries here were not that crisp.  A little bit soggy.We had a few of their salads.  One was a Caesar Salad with kale instead of romaine.  The kale was quite bitter.  The salad was heavily dressed (maybe to contrast the bitter greens).  The croutons were fresh and good.  The other salad was a mix of romaine with fresh and crisp apples and smoked bacon.  It had a much better flavor and balance than the Caesar Salad.We tried a few of the flatbreads.  The flatbreads here were pretty thick and doughy and unlike the crispy and light flatbreads I am more used to having.  We had the chicken flatbread, which was roasted chicken, arugula and caramelized onion.  The caramelized onion made this pizza too sweet.  The pizza was sweet like BBQ chicken pizza so if you like that type of pizza, you may like this one.The other flatbread was more of a traditional pizza; it was topped with tomato sauce, mozzarella and a savory and spicy sausage.  The pizza had a satisfying flavor, but it would not stand out against other good pizzas I've had.I also had the seafood cioppino, which was shrimp, clams, mussels, white fish, sourdough, and herbs in a spicy tomato broth (finished in their wood fire oven).  I was not a huge fan of the tomato broth.  It had some heat to it, but the flavor was not that distinct.The seafood was unevenly cooked.  Some of the white fish was moist and soft while other bits were dry.  Same for the shrimp.  One shrimp was succulent and nicely cooked while another shrimp was overcooked and quite chewy.  The mussels and clams were not that great (they definitely suffered in comparison to what I've had in California).We finished with the sticky toffee pudding, which was a sweet date-filled cake on a toffee sauce.  The cake was nicely sweet and somewhat moist though it lacked the consistent, throughout-the-cake moistness of the sticky toffee puddings I've had at Wilshire and Grace.  The sticky toffee pudding was served with sweet cream gelato, which was creamy and refreshing.We also had the banana fosters that seemed to be more like banana cobbler than banana fosters.  The dish consisted of banana slices in a caramel sauce.  The bananas were simply warmed up; they were not caramelized or bruleed.  The bananas were topped with a nut crumble and dark rum molasses gelato.  The dark rum gelato was very good.  It tasted like rum and was creamy and sweet.Service was pretty causal but pleasant as well as quick and attentive.Prices were what you would expect given the restaurant's reputation and the dishes offered.  A lot of the entrees were in the $18-$23 range.St. Francis has a great dining room and the food definitely shows potential.  The food on our visit was not great, but if you order right, you could be in for a good meal.  The restaurant has a very local feel, which makes it a good one to try if you are from out-of-town and are looking for something more specific/unique to this area.There is an attached parking lot with complimentary valet.
3	After seeing St Francis on "Check Please, Arizona" we thought we'd check it out with some friends.  Absolutely loved the ambiance and design of the space.  The wrap-around bar to an open air area is beautiful and I really wanted to hang out there all night.  The drinks were AMAZING -- way to go bar-keep...my mojito was perfect and the Peartini was my friend's opening cocktail and desert choice at the end of the meal. So fresh and yummy.The food for all of us was good...but not as delicious as we had expected.  We got the Meatball dish, French Onion Burger, Pork Chili Verde, and a cheese flatbread pizza.  Started with the goat cheese, which was a lovely starter.  The Burger was the best tasting of all of the entrees.  The sticky toffee dessert was yummilicious.We will definitely be back...but more for the drinks and apps during happy hour rather than for a full flown dinner.
2	After 3 experiences, I think I can admit that I am not crazy about St. Francis.  This last meal confirms it and is by far the most telling.  First of all, our server ranted and raved about the cioppino.  When she said she got to enjoy one after "winning a contest" at which point I should have know she was more of a saleswoman than a true guide of the menu.  She ranted and raved about the cheesy bread included in the dish, not exactly a traditional staple of cioppino but I thought I'd give it a try.  It tasted like delicious cheese bread in the middle of Ragu and old seafood.  Good cioppino is rare, but it's not rocket science.  This was easily the worst dish St. Francis has done in my experience and for the price and reputation they try to uphold, this is inexcusable.  Happy hour at St. Francis?  Good.  Pizza?  They use the crust from LGO so it better be decent.  It's a good thing St. Francis has a good location, beautiful building, hipster popularity and great happy hour...  General Phoenix diners will be able to look past the low quality food for those reasons.  True quality food-seekers will look elsewhere.  I'll give you a try again in a few months St. Francis, I hope you can hold on to a few decent cooks and a chef long enough to make some changes.
4	went to St. Francis twice in past month and I must admit that i will be going there in the future. I am giving this place this high of a rating not because i had a meal that blew my socks off. It is because these people have managed to put together a neighborhood place that has fantastic atmosphere and good food. The first visit was about 4 weeks ago for lunch. We sat inside for patio was completely booked. This was not a bad decision for we loved the ambiance. For my meal i had the short rib sandwich. It just stood out and i had to have it. The dish was very tasty. the only down side of it was that it got a little soggy so the bread lost that crunch, but the flavor was there and this was to be expected from that juicy beef. Went for dinner last Tuesday and the seating situation was exactly the same. Outside was packed, the bar was full so we had to sit inside or wait for about 30 minutes for outdoor seat. No problem... we set at the table inside and again had a great time. The ambiance was great. servers were fun and helpful and the place was filled with cool people. For appetizer i had the goat cheese that was good. it was recommended to us by our server and we were grateful for that. tomato sauce added just enough acidity to the dish to keep the cheese from being too potent. nice crunch with the crostinis. One of us ordered the pot roast that was very good. Cool thing about it was that the dish did not come out as heavy as we have expected. The meat was juicy and tender and polenta was just great. The cioppino had very good amount of seafood in it but we thought that the sauce was a bit of a let down. We expected that zing that cioppino should deliver along with an abundance of fresh aromas, but in this case it was missing. Do not get me wrong, the dish was good but not great. Finlay , the prime hanger steak was good but little over done. It was ordered MR but delivered MW. The mashed potatoes were great and roasted cipolini were fantastic. the mushroom ( i think it was a form of demi ) was delicious. not overpowering and allowing other ingredients to speak for themselves. Had it not been overcooked, this dish would have been a winner. All in all a great experience at ST. Francis and i will be bringing friends there for time to come.
5	I love everything about this place! The salmon is my go-to dish
5	Love the low lighting, the decor, the ambiance, the people, the staff, the location, and best of all, the food.Was not hungry when I got here so just ordered a couple of starters, the fingerling potatoes and the mushrooms, and damn! A massive pile of wonderfully tasty spuds is piled up in front of me. I demolish them and the mushrooms. Couldn't help myself.It was a Friday night and restaurant was busy so we decided to take a seat at the bar. Good move. Comfortable, access to extremely friendly staff, and plenty of people watching. Oh, and the prices were modest too.Fantastic gem! Check it out!
3	I definitely plan to go back to St. Francis, but I think I had VERY high expectations, too high.The baked Goat Cheese was good, but I wasn't as wowed as I anticipated; same for the Chicken Salad Sandwich. My favorite part of the meal was the Quinoa side, there was a subtle spice with a slight tang that made it pop.Of course I had to try at least a couple of their drinks  too(don't judge me, even if I had two mimosas earlier ;). St. Francis Lemonade: Not all that special, but I loved the Cucumber Cooler. It was super refreshing without any hint of that strong gin flavor.The server/bartender was helpful, but couldn't be described as friendly.I'll be back, because I think this place really does deserve more stars. I think I may have ordered the wrong things or caught them on an off day.
4	Great service, however we arrived off peak at around 2:00 and left before the dinner hour, it was starting to pick up. We sat outside on the patio, it was really pleasant. The peartini was fantastic, my husband ended up ordering three of them! Good thing we he wasn't driving...The food was good, I had the pork chili verde and he had the burger with bacon and fried onions. The French fries were rustic, with the skins on them, I liked them better than most restaurant fries.  The peaches in the peach cobbler weren't ripe enough, they were hard and tart. The crisp and the vanilla ice cream was very tasty on top of the peaches. I will get a different desert next time. I will definitely come back.
4	This is technically my second time coming to St. Francis but the first time I only had drinks so I thought I'd wait until I got the full experience like I did on Tuesday.I love the layout & the overall feel of the place. There was a lot of natural light and the music was awesome.St. Francis has an awesome drink menu...I had the Pineapple Rum Mojito (amaze balls and pretty self-explanatory) and the Peartini ( Grey Goose Pear, St. Germain & lime I believe; kick in the mouth but definitely not a bad thing! Better to be strong than weak.). My girlfriend & I had the baked goat cheese which was yummy...different but a good start to lunch. The Turkey & Avocado sandwich was what I had for lunch based on the server's recommendation and while the sandwich itself was tasty, the fries were mostly soggy...not crisp at all really. I'm a pretty big fan of fries and the few I did manage to eat were good but unfortunately, most of them weren't...which is basically my only "meh" moment during lunch.Our service was ok; not the best...not the worst.I'll definitely be back for dinner to check out the ambiance and try a few different things! Overall success.
5	My husband and I are fans of St. Francis.  We start with the Goat Cheese appetizer... with little crostini's... very good!  Then, we settle in to the Pork Chile Verde.  There is nothing that tastes this good... we crave this dish!  If you come during happy hour, you can get the Goat Cheese appetizer for $5, then Pork Chile Verde dish for $8 and share a house white wine carafe for $12...  fantastic bargain and you'll leave happy.  The staff are friendly and attentive, it's a favorite early dinner spot for us.  Thanks St. Francis!PS:  If you have the kids with you, they eat free.  Our 9 year old is a huge fan of the kids pork roast.
4	The baked goat cheese appetizer and pork chile verde were wonderful.  The atmosphere is also nice.
5	One of my favorite downtown restaurants.  It seems many people feel this way ...consequentially the weekend nights can be pretty slammed... expect to wait a good half hour.  But its well worth it and besides you can get the evening started out right with a glass of wine from the bar.  I love the intimate yet sleek atmosphere.  There is exposed brick walls and beams on the ceiling, vintage yet modern interior... great lighting and little candles everywhere.  The exterior is just as inviting! We opted for the chicken flatbread and pork chile verde...both of which were really excellent and fairly inexpensive for the quality and vibe of the restaurant.  I think this is one of my favorite things about St. Francis... you feel like you should be paying more than $10-15 for a meal... but then the bill comes and you are pleasantly surprised!  So guys.... remember St. Francis when you are choosing a date locale... its super cute, looks to be on the fancier side, but won't break the bank!
3	To be fair, I want to give 2 stars for the service and four stars for the food.  The food is always excellent.  I've been here for brunch (although the pancakes are a bit doughy for my taste, but everything else is top notch) and at dinner regardless if you get the salmon superfood dinner or the goat cheese appetizer, or the steak, everything is delicious.  What is troubling is that the service is so hit or miss.  The girls at the bar were less than friendly, they were busy, but not so busy that they couldn't at least smile a little.  We had a large party and I expected a wait, and wait we did, about an 1 and 1/2.  Ouch.  It was a birthday and they charged for cake cutting which I know some places do, but I wish they had mentioned that it was going to be resort prices to cut the cake.  Sigh.  I'll still be back because the food is simply too good, but it does make me a little sad that I'm afraid to bring another big party or anyone other than a close friend or two who might not hold it against me for spotty service.
4	I have driven by here countless times and never noticed it. Why I have no idea. Its a beautiful place. Very modern and upscale. Its a good looking crowd and trendy. The food was good, but not amazing. I had a hanger steak and my guest had the pot roast. The steak was cooking to my request. Not as tender as I would have hoped, not for a prime cut at least. The pot roast was moist and tender. The high point of the evening was the potato appetizer. Quite tasty and a bargain at 6 bucks. I could be happy going for happy hour with a drink and the potatoes. Service was excellent. I will be back.
5	We had Sunday brunch here and it was by far the best meal I've had in awhile. I ordered the eggs benedict with the smoked salmon. It was rich, and creamy and perfect. My husband had the Sunday brunch burger and he said it was one of the best burgers he's ever had. I wish I lived in Phoenix because I'd be here every Sunday. The only stumble was that the live music during brunch was a tad too loud.
2	Summer doldrums perhaps?  I have been to St. Francis a number of times and generally the food has been quite delightful until last night --A friend and I went for dinner--and enough things weren't right to write a review and wave a little warning flag.  my friend ordered several sides--among them were the fingerling potatoes and roasted vegetables--now when I think of roasted vegetables--i think of eggplant, squash, peppers, asparagus--but only beans and corn??  I don't think so--for the price it seemed very skimpy and not very imaginative or creative which I know the St. Francis can do.  She also ordered the fingerling potatoes--which were underdone and flavorless--this after they had been forgotten on the order and attempt made to foist a bowl of soup on my friend instead.  I ordered the white fish--which was okay but not great and was served at a temperature of somewhere between not warm and cool.  The restaurant was not terribly busy--so perhaps this was just an off night--If you can't get the simple things right like roasted vegetables and potatoes--there is something wrong in the kitchen.
5	St. Francis is one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix for the following reasons:- It is trendy and chic with a cool indoor/outdoor bar and an upper mezzanine seating level- It is neither in a strip mall nor is it part of a fancy, sprawling resort - very rare for Phoenix- There are both moderately priced ($11-12) and more expensive ($20-25) entrees, so you can please everyone in your party- Cocktails are inventive and tasty (try the almond margarita)- I've tasted at least half of the menu, and all of the items have been good to great (personal favorites include the salmon and the meatballs)Word to the wise: if you don't want to wait, avoid prime dinner hour on Fridays and Saturdays and brunch on Sunday - it can get pretty crowded!
4	I really think this place is something special.  The architecture and design is a perfect match for the crowd, menu, and food quality.  When I'm in the mood for "clean, casual but thoughtfully designed and prepared cuisine" this place will always be a contender.  Surprisingly kid-friendly, by the way.  My eight year old was the only child in the entire place when we dined there, but children will probably enjoy the splendid setting, and they have a small children's section of the menu (4 or five standard items), and kids eat free!As for me, I had the pot roast, which was served with a well-seared exterior and a fork-flaking moist interior, on a bed of delicious baby bok choy and whipped polenta..  I cleaned the danged plate with no difficulty.  Very rich dark gravy.  Overall, the portion size was above-average.The artisan baguettes, baked on site (you can walk out with a loaf for $3) were wonderful, with slight tartness.  You can get about a 1/4th of a loaf with dipping oil for a couple bucks off the appetizer menu.Most entrees ran $14-24, with meal size salads in the 9-12 range, and lovely appetizers in the usual $3-8 range.Oh, and the sinks in the bathrooms are one of the coolest things I have seen in a restaurant.  A distressed and angled brass or copper sheet serves as the "sink" which gives a very cool "spilling" effect when the faucet is turned on.  I'm kinda disturbed by the fact that I stared at it for so long.  I was enchanted..
4	One of my favorite brunches in all of Phoenix and I am quite the bruncher!I had the fried egg sandwich which was far from ordinary. It's served on a soft brioche and the tangy chipotle mayo gives it an awesome flavor. I also stole a bite of biscuits and gravy with fried egg and that was just as amazing! I'm looking forward to going back again to try more of the menu out. The atmosphere is modern and chic and the live music was a nice touch! My only negative is I thought the drinks were a bit pricey for what they were. Oh, and they don't serve espresso drinks which I think Is a must these days for brunch. Other than that,an overall great brunch! One more tip I would get there right when they open as the wait when we were leaving was up to 45 min.
5	I haven't been to St. Francis in a while now, but I was just thinking about how much I am craving it, and decided I needed to show it some love until I can make it back.I've been to St. Francis three times, in three different contexts. The first time was during happy hour for a little girl time. We shared the goat cheese appetizer, which was DELIGHTFUL. None of us could get enough of it. The server brought us more bread so we could shovel more of it into our maws. One of my companions selected a glass of wine from their impressive menu, and I had the St. Francis Lemonade, which wasn't special, but I was hyperventilating too much over the goat cheese to care. As a special note, we were on the patio, as we had some business to discuss, and were the only ones out there, but our server was still attentive and we never wanted for a thing.The second time, I went with my boyfriend later, after the dinner rush on a weekend. It was my boyfriend's first time and my first time having an entree. I can't remember what I had, but I know it had brussel sprouts in it and they were perfect. This time I went for the almond margarita - and then another one. The boyfriend was also impressed. We ate in the dining room and this time I had the opportunity to fall in love with the interior. On the exterior, St. Francis is one of those places you drive by and think, "Wow, I think everyone there is having fun. I want to go to there." And then when you're inside, it only gets better. It's modern and open and you feel about 10 times cooler just for sitting there. Also, I had a Catcher in the Rye shirt on, and the server complimented it. So, that's a huge win, to me. The last time I went, I went with my parents, during the dinner rush. We sat at the bar until our table was ready. The bartender was great and got us refills as soon as the ice was visible over the drink line. I would say the bar is one of the main attractions to St. Francis. It's at the front of the restaurant and it halfway open to the outside. Once we were seated, we were amazed that as for as crowded as the restaurant was, we could still hear each other. My parents liked the atmosphere, but as an older couple from the midwest, were not too satisfied with the menu. My dad did enjoy his pot roast, but I think he wished for more comfort food. He also loved his dark and stormy, and in fact had more rounds than I had ever witnessed him consume at one dinner.Yelp says that this place is not good for kids, which to me, is a selling point. When I'm out to dinner, I don't want to hear kids screaming or carrying on. And in fact, I don't think I've ever seen a kid there. However, there is a kid's menu and apparently kids eat free, so if you are planning a night out, be aware that you run the risk. The sound-level is fine, but I don't think I 'd want to share that space with someone pitching a hissy.People have described this as a hipster place, but honestly, I have seen more young couples and young professionals than anything else.  I would say it appeals to the "young and cool" crowd, not necessarily the "young and cool before cool was cool" crowd. In short, great place for a date at probably any time of day, good happy hour, and fantastic drinks as a whole. Go here and you will increase your cool points.
4	Valet only parking, unless you want to try parking by the bank. Last two times we weren't able to. Not crazy about their cocktails (pretty weak) but the Bloody Mary was a welcome start to our Sunday brunch. It's not listed on their menu but they have gluten free options. Tried the egg bake, pretty good. The salmon and pork chile verde are delish (love the homemade cornbread). Overall, the atmosphere and food make this a great brunch or lunch time spot!
5	I will absolutely return - I had been meaning to check out St. Francis for a while now. The server was very helpful in navigating and suggesting items on the menu and the wine list. The goat cheese appetizer was lovely... main meal was delightful and the local dessert was heaven. The noise in the busy restaurant wasn't too loud, so I was able to carry on a conversation with my date. Just like I mentioned in my opening - I will absolutely return, what a great find on Camelback!
5	I had a great time here. My first visit was at luch as a co-worker recommended it to me. I was a little lost coming in the entrence but once I found my way in I was impressed right off the bat. I find the enviornment relaxed causal and fresh. My waiter imformed me of the sesonal menu they offer and welcomed me to take a look around. I ordered a wood fired pizza with chicken and arugula, delicous!  I was impressed with the local artwork and the mural they have upstairs. I cant wait to come back at night to intesify the experience.
4	my girlfriend and i were at sees candies across the street and saw the restraunt.We were on our way to airport were my friend was flying back to san fransisco my home town also.as i sat at the quaint lilttle bar it was lunch time and very busy the service was fast and friendly we only had a coctail and it was marvelous as i sat and looked out the garge door i said to my friend this place belongs in the city S.F and thats when the bartender said yes this owner wanted it to look like san fran thats where the name came from i am planning to go back and have a sunday brunch and when im homesick you will see me gazing out that garage door
4	So the last thing St. Francis needs is another glowing review, but I feel like any place that makes an item you get addicted to deserves a shout out. So here it goes...The Za'atar chicken salad sandwich must have crack in it, or else there's no way to explain why I'm so hooked. The first time I had it, they were still making it as a chicken flatbread. Now they've incorporated it into a sandwich full of things that sound like they shouldn't go together but definitely do. It has a vinaigrette dressing instead of mayo, which makes it perfect for the sweltering Phoenix summer. And if you pair it with the quinoa salad, it's fantastic. I'd like to order something else when I go, but no dice since I stumbled upon this combo. Maybe if I figure out the recipes, I'll finally be able to order and enjoy some of the other fantastic things they have to offer here. Until then, I'll just have to steal bites from other people's plates.
4	One of the best lunches I've had in Phoenix.I'm still thinking about the fried egg sandwich and fries. A fried egg- yolk just barely runny. Barely. Two thick-ass slabs of good-ass, smoky-ass bacon. Arugula and aioli on a really tasty ass bun. Damn, son. Good as hell. The french fries were so damn good, too, and you have to dip those in the remoulade to really enjoy them all the way. I would come back for this sammich every day if I lived next door. Don't be afraid of it being called a fried egg sammich, because it's a whole nother level.
5	So the place is full of hipsters dressed better than you...the food is worth it. Everything tasted fresh and balanced...nothing too salty, bland or over sauced. We had the salmon and skirt steak...both were divine. Make sure you try an almond margarita!
2	I heard so many good things about this place that I felt disappointed ... the only good things about it was my company what made it so worth it... the drinks so "whatever" the food nothing special and the ambient just another urban style restaurant... I don't see myself going back to it.... @ least he requested again...
5	amazing.  service was perfect.  try the green chili stew!
5	Best service and staff.  Our waiter was very attentive and ended up giving us a free desert.  The food is great and priced well.  Will be coming back.
4	Went here for post dinner drinks last night. I've eaten here before and really enjoyed it (but it's been so long ago I won't base the review on that). The drinks here are really nice and unique. Great ambiance and I love the Julia Child video. The cucumber drink is yummy. I had total order envy because it was so light and refreshing.
4	Good quality "new" American food with twists. Enjoyed this place a lot. Limited menu selection (for my tastes) is the only thing holding back a fifth star.
4	St. Francis is stellar in my book and I think I'll be tempted to give it five stars next time. Looking for a cool, urban, unpretentious place to eat? Then you've found it! My friend and I went on a Saturday night. Without a reservation, they were able to seat us immediately. This may even have been too fast, as I didn't have an opportunity to have my pre-dinner drink and I'm not one to drink during dinner. While I've read the patio is the place to be, there were no tables (not just "not available" but literally no tables!) which may have been a good thing. With temps hovering around 100 degrees at 8:00pm, the comfort of A/C has it's advantages! The staff, everyone from the valet to the seating hostess to the server, were on their toes. All were attentive and friendly ... the type of service where you know the tip you gave was well earned. My friend had the Pot Roast; probably a dish better suited for cooler temps, but delicious and satisfying, nonetheless.  He tells me his wine was also good.  (I'm not much of a wine person, so I can't comment confidently on that.)   I opted for the more season-friendly cool Chicken Salad Sandwich. It was a wonderful combination of flavors. My only concern was that the sandwich began to fall apart, making it difficult to eat neatly in public. It came with a choice of sides and I elected the sweet corn polenta. Oh Em Gee!!! If I didn't know it was polenta, I would've sworn it was Mom's whipped potatoes. Soooo creamy and yummy! And a steal as a standalone for just $3! St. Francis's ambiance is great for both day or night and seems like the kind of place I'd like to revisit time and time again for anything from brunch to dinner. As the Governator once said, "I'll be back!" :D
2	Great atmosphere, trendy, chic, but the food leaves a lot to be desired.
3	Met my super-cool, sweetpie GF here for Sunday brunch last weekend. We were given a 30 minute wait time, so we decided to kill the time at the bar. Spicy Bloody Mary? Yes, please! It was really good. I don't know if it was $9 good, but when in Rome... and within maybe 5 minutes, we were being seated. Yay! The frittata was SO good. Ginormously huge, it super tasty delicious. Our server was friendly, prompt and attentive. The space was nice, although our rocking table could have used a matchbook or two. Not bad!
5	How have I not reviewed St. Francis yet?  I was just coming on to do an update - and see I never got around to it the first time?  I must be losing it!I've been here many times since they opened.  From happy hours alone at the bar chatting with Boots to dinners with family and/or friends - and finally, today, for brunch.Every visit, every time, like clockwork - the service is great and the food exceeds expectations.  And on the visits I drink, the cocktails are consistently top notch.Yes, I adore the feel of the room and the architecture. Yes, I've made my way happily across the menu and back. My consistently favorite thing about St. Francis - the most brilliant thing I can think of they've done - the kids' menu.  More to the point - the price of the items on the kids' menu.  FREE!Sure - it's a bit ironic that I am so impressed with this - as I don't have children, and I don't appreciate dining in a room with most children.  But - maybe it's the atmosphere, maybe it's the non Denny's/IHOP/Village Inn feel of the menu - but the trash parents who don't raise the sort of child who should be in a decent restaurant just don't show up here anyway.  Every one of the children I've seen here has been well behaved and at appropriate volumes.  What the free kid's menu has done is keep St. Francis on the top of my list whenever I want to have a meal out with my child-rearing friends.  Which is how I ended up having an amazing brunch there this morning.  I know it's done the same for other people I know in the area who frequent the restaurant.  It's an abso-fuckin-lutely brilliant PR move!So, yes - 5 stars.  One each for Food, Drink, Service, Architecture and Free Kids Meals!
4	Forbidden Rice Bowl???  DEE-LISH!!!!!
4	Two of my friends raved about their burger, so I had to try it out! It did not disappoint!! Great bun, good cheese, and those crispy onions were great. I also had the fingerling potatoes which were tasty too.We also got the cheesecake in a jar simply to find out what the hell is was all about. So, it was a small mason jar that contained a basic cheesecake "filling" for lack of a better word. They have these pre-done, then when one is ordered they top it with a strawberry jammy, compote thing, a crust crumple, and a dollop of whipped cream. It was good, but not great. They serve it in the jar, which makes it awkward to eat, so you have to maneuver your spoon around to get a bite with everything in it. I wish they would remove it from the jar or make it in a creme brulee ramekin because the sides are even.Our server seemed young and was a little green, but not too bad. They played some pretty good music! The prices are a tad steep, but it was a memorable evening.
3	The food here is really, really good. The restaurant overall has a lot of different places to sit.My only complaint is that they were out of half of the liquors/liqueres used in their specialty drinks.
5	I love that they are kid friendly and that chef Aaron came by to ask how everything was. Delicious food.
4	You should be eating here more often. One of my favorite spots to dine. Happy hour absolutely rocks! Here are just a few things that you should be eating when you go there: meatballs, flatbreads, fingerling potatoes, and baked goat cheese. Quick tip: the upstairs always seems a bit hot to me. Might want to opt for sitting downstairs.
3	The husband and I headed here for dinner since I had heard so much about it. I don't like to read long stories about restaurants, I just want to know if I should go eat there or not, so here goes:Hubs ordered the pork chop - it was a big and thick cut, cooked perfectly...the rub was delicious and had a kick to it.I ordered the pot roast which was good and I was able to pull it apart with my fork. I couldn't finish it!  The polenta underneath the pot roast was so good - as full as I was, I could have continued to keep eating it had there been more on my plate.We shared the sticky toffee dessert which was really sweet but oh-so-good.  In the end, our bill came close to $100 (including tip)...the food was good...not fantastic, and definitely not worth $100.  The funniest part was when the valet guy decided he wanted to go home, so he came in to the restaurant and went from table to table asking if they did valet, and if they did, he laid out all the car keys and told them to pick their keys because he was going home for the night.
4	What a great place for Sunday Brunch!  The live jazz music and overall atmosphere is so welcoming.  The servers are attentive and friendly.  You can even sit at a bench, enjoy your drink and watch the kitchen staff at work.  So many incredible things coming out of the oven......The egg sandwich was delicious; the ingredients so fresh!  The house dressing on the salad is amazing. Skip the island punch and order a cinnamon bum; so yummy!This is definitely a place that's worth going back to again and again.
5	Sunday brunch with live jazz and drinks are the best in Phoenix! Love the bakers boards, fingerling potatoes, and an order of the fritatta, egg whites only no cheese extra veggies. The space is amazing; so is the food and drink. You need to try out their Sunday brunch! ;)
5	Love this place! My favorite cocktails in the valley. Recently had an issue where a server accidentally charged my card twice. I sent an email from the restaurant web site, thinking I'd never receive a response and mentally writing off the loss. Instead I was pleasantly surprised with a quick reply and an offer to correct the error by crediting my account. Great food, great cocktails, great service, and great management. Can't ask for more than that!
4	Great atmosphere.  Love the decor.  Makes me think of a place you might find in downtown Denver.Great Service and delish food.The baked goat cheese is a must!I tried their 3 course special and was pleasantly surprised of the portions.
5	Okay so I'm a little late to the game here. But in this case, better late than never because St. Francis was awesome!The boyfriend and I headed to St. Francis for breakfast/brunch on Sunday. We thought if we went later we'd miss the crowd. We were wrong. We got there close to 11AM and were told it would be a 45 minute wait. We ended up waiting only about 20 or so because we were willing to sit outside.We decided to split a couple things so we ordered the eggs benedict with salmon and the baked pancake. The eggs benedict was delicious. I highly recommend the salmon. It wasn't overly fishy, it was a great combination with the eggs and hollandaise sauce. I was a little bummed that it didn't come with anything - no potatoes or fruit - would have been nice.The pancake was SO rich. A good thing to share. It's like a pancake/cupcake/bread thing more than a straight up pancake. They fill it with chocolate and top it with berries and cream. Could have used a little more cream on top but overall it was really, really good. Don't let the olive oil weird you out - it works.We were very happy with our food and the atmosphere. There was a live band with added a nice touch to the morning dining. I would definitely go back for breakfast and would love to try their dinner sometime.
4	My new Sunday happy hour hangout spot after the cards lose in Glendale.  The cocktails are spot on and allow me drown my sorrows for a few hours before trekking back home.  I love the fig flatbread with a spiked lemonade.
5	I haven't reviewed St.F?  What is this world.This is literally as good as it gets.  The food is fantastic.  The drinks are well prepared.  Ingredients across the board are tasteful, fresh and seasonal.  I've never had a bad meal here.  Service, maybe a 4/5, but everything else is prime - I'm not going to knock them a star.  Prices are very reasonable (see: right where they should be - not high nor low).  The building that was brought in to be St. Francis is great.  The architecture is really something.A recent trip had me questioning how be the plates were.  I thought I recalled the servings to be small (note: they're not!).  Sitting outside in spring or winter is the bee's pajamas, under the grape vines and neat ambiance.  I don't know why I don't frequent the place more - it deserves it.Lunch or brunch, on the patio, with a gin and tonic here is hard to beat.  Their sandwiches: yummmmmm.
5	I just ate here for the first time and I am now hooked. This was honestly the best meal I've had out in long time. I had the roasted chicken, which was absolutely delicious, and my husband had the hanger steak, which he loved as well. We also split the romaine heart salad and the cheesecake in a jar - yum! The ingredients were fresh and put together to create tasty, comforting food. Both the portions and the prices were perfect - you will leave feeling content, not overly stuffed. The atmosphere is great and the servers are really friendly. I will definitely be back, hopefully sooner than later....
5	Six stars... I had a great experience at this unique restaurant which has great food, great service and a great atmosphere.  I had the hanger steak which was awesome and the price wasn't bad.  I'll be back...
5	We came around 3pm on a Sunday and they were in between brunch and dinner menu so we could only order off the happy hour menu which has plenty of selections.The forbidden rice is Amazing! The pork green chile is really tasty, a little spicy and served with delicious cornbread.
2	Slowwwww service. From waiting 30 minutes to be seated (with open tables) to waiting 20 minutes before being able to order and 40 minutes for our food.
5	There are so many good things for me to say about this place that I have no idea where to begin.The ambiance is so amazing no matter what time of day you go. The small, intimate bar area (with quite a few pretty men!) is lovely on a sunny day out, while the tables inside are the perfect place for a romantic date. The menu is so great, carrying lots of new age food items (quinoa, black forbidden rice bowl, kale,and lots of dishes carrying local food items). It does make me very sad that they do not have a lot of vegetarian/vegan menu items. One time I tried to order the wood-fired vegetables and the waiter *swore* it was vegan. As soon as I tasted it I knew it had butter on it, and the waiter subsequently learned he had no idea what "vegan" meant. We ended up having to call a manager over.The cocktail menu is so interesting it's hard to decide what to get. My favorite is the Dark and Stormy, which has ginger beer. *the BEST* cocktail around IMO. Do not pass up dessert. The bananas foster is amazing! Not traditional but good in and of its own.
5	Words cannot express how awesome this place is.  The happy hour prices are phenomenal!!!! Food is fresh and the servers are extremely knowledgeable about the menu!!!!Always good food and good service!!!!
5	Was here for dinner this past saturday night. It was great!This is now quickly becoming my favorite local restaurant. The meatballs are amazing, but more so the flat breads are incredible espically the fig one.Highly recommend, great atmosphere and service. Now that the weather has cooled the outdoor space offers a new diamention.....cant wait to return.
2	The motif was interesting- not much of a "modern" buff myself.  The location is good, the food was good- the "gourmet bread" was not the best- unless by "gourmet" you mean charred- if that is the case- it was excellent!  The food choices were all  interesting- the sandwich I had that had goat cheese was pretty good- but not anything to write home about. The service for a party of ten was not the best- even though we had the entire second floor to ourselves- they only had two servers on at noon on a Friday at lunch. Not the best planning. Also, word to the wise ladies- do NOT sit your purse on the counter in the restroom. It LOOKS like a counter- but is a motion sensitive sink. Glad I have fast relfexes and a dry wallet! Just sayin'.So, all in all, an OK place for lunch, but I wouldn't make a special trip here for lunch or dinner.
2	st. francis, you are the most frustrating place in phoenix to me. i am always so pleased with the food but horrified by the service. that's right, horrified. i have been here four times, in hopes this was some kind of sick fluke, but no, this is not the case. however, the food is fantastic. the brunch is a wonderful spring day event. but be prepared to sit at your table without a drink for 15 minutes and to not place your order for another 30 minutes, even if you feel like it isn't busy, the service will not improve.
5	My husband and I tried St Francis for the first time yesterday afternoon.  We happened to get there during their happy hour menu - which is about half off of everything on the limited "happy hour" menu.The ambiance was drew me in right away.  I love the brick walls and vine covered veranda.  I am a sucker for any Phoenix building that takes the time to create charm - major points for me - I tend to think Phx has a tendency to take the easy "bland" route when it comes to decorating most of the time. Not so here.We started with the baked goat cheese which was fantastic.  We both had wine, also half off any glass.  I ordered the chicken salad sandwich which was by far the best chicken salad I've ever had.  I love that they created a nice twist by not smothering it in mayonnaise.  It was healthy and most importantly - delicious.  As a side I got the fingerling potatoes - good with a nice crust outside and sprinkled with Parmesan.  Husband ordered the burger and fries which was to die for.  The burger was juicy with bacon and an awesome buttermilk fried onion on top, Gruyere cheese, caramelized onion and brioche bun = amazing.  The fries were to die for.  We were planning on trying desert but were too full this time.We will definitely be back - pleasantly surprised and happy to have found another gem in Phoenix!!
4	I love so many things about this place....the Bloody Mary is stellar, the fingerling potatoes are addictive, and I really like the "window seat" for large groups. The parking guys are great and the location is right in my backyard.  Now for the "requires improvement"...I've talked with a specific employee, both on the phone and in person, and she is not customer-friendly, which has caused me to take this place off my list for special occasions (dinner club, monthly brunch).  Once the service improves, this place will double its business.  I'm also not a fan of the inside jazz on Sundays.  Once it moves outside during the winter, things will be better.The bottom line: if you are very patient with inconsistent service and loud music, try it ASAP.  Otherwise, you have to take your chances!
5	Oh St. Francis How I Love TheeLet me count the waysIs it your beauty?Is it your charms?Is it your fine, fine cuisine?Nay!It is all!
5	My Haiku Review --Roll right in for theCinnamon heaven. The flatBread was to die for.Great Eggs Benedict.Enjoy Wood Oven Baked Eggs.Culinary POW!
5	Now I have had brunch, lunch, and dinner here. It is perfect and I love it. I think all their soups are amazing. Eventually, I will get to dessert may need to start there next time.
4	I discovered St. Francis from Yelp and decided to celebrate my birthday there.  Excellent follow-up with reservations both by e-mail and phone call.  Service was very good (we were there for happy hour and got two glasses of wine half off - Try Simple Life - Pinot Noir - excellent!).  Both our meals were excellent - my husband had the French Onion Burger and I had the Seafood Cioppone.  Unfortunately, did not have time for dessert - next time.  The only negative was the loud atmosphere - it is a smaller space - keep that in mind and tables are close together.  Interesting aspect of Julia Childs cooking show being shown on a white wall outside.
4	Atmoshphere, modern big city-like.  Food - Different than the norm in an Awsome-way.  Melted Goat Cheese - YUM.  Salmon - Perfecto.    Honorable mention at our table - Meatballs!  Columbian Meatballs!I would go again.  I didn't pay so can't speak to the price.
4	I met an old friend for dinner at St Francis and we had a great time! The atmosphere was friendly and posh.  The space itself was very modern and trendy.  (Yes, the bathroom sink was very cool as other reviewers have noted.)   We sat downstairs, at a table close to the bar.  As the night progressed, it did get a bit chilly at our table since the large rolling door was open at our backs.  That was probably the only negative thing I can say about the space.  If we sat further in toward the back of the restaurant it wouldn't have been an issue, and truly it wasn't that big of a deal.   As for drinks, we were not very adventurous.  My friend had Stella Artois beer and I had a couple glasses of the house red wine.   Surprisingly, the house red was quite tasty & very reasonably priced.   The waitstaff was attentive, but not overly so.  They kept our water glasses filled and cleared plates efficiently, while giving my friend and I plenty of space to talk and catch up. The food was pretty fantastic.  Nothing super-inventive;  but it was all made with high quality, seasonal ingredients that were combined in a very intelligent way.   We shared everything we ordered, so I was very happy to get a good sampling of flavors.  We ordered the baked goat cheese as an app, any it was so good.  Basically, it tasted similar to a melted caprese salad.  The warm goat cheese was floated over a tomato based, marinara type sauce.  Then, it was topped with a pesto relish and served with a side of sliced toasted baguettes.  Yum!   The entrees we ordered were the salmon and quinoa and the burger with a side of the fingerling potatoes.  Again, both were perfectly prepared and totally delicious.  The salmon was precisely cooked and the paired well with the quinoa "salad" that was underneath it.  The quinoa had some fresh tomatoes, cucumbers, soy beans, red onion and was garnished with thin, slightly tart watermelon slices.  It was dressed with a soy vinegarette, too.  It was very fresh-tasting and light.  Perfect!  The burger was as good as everyone reviewed it.  The brioche roll was soft, rich, and buttery.  The meat was perfectly made to order (medium rare), and topped with the heavenly cheese and bacon.  Very decadent...this was an exceptional burger.  The potatoes were crave-able and deserving of the hype.  For dessert we had the sticky toffee pudding and it was very tasty.  I would describe it as a dome of spiced cake or bread pudding, topped with a  (I'm guessing) toffee glaze and served with a spoonful of gelato.  It was the perfect end to a very satisfying meal.  I would go back to St. Francis in a heartbeat!
5	New to Phoenix and my first time to St. Francis .  And was it great!  It's got the bistro vibe.  White tablecloths covered in paper (that's OK) and the place was busy, busy, busy.  We sat upstairs but next time I want to be where the action is (downstairs even though it was loud down there).  Our waiter was fab; did I mention he looked like Louie C.K.? The wine was a big pour, and the food, oh the food!  We all had the french onion burgers and they were so darn good.  But the best part was the side of polenta.  it was the best polenta I have ever had (creamy and out of this world).  Everyone was too full for dessert.  We had reservations and even got a call that afternoon from the restaurant confirming (that was a nice touch).  What would I ask the St. Francis to improve?  Their menu is in really small print and hard to read if you "forgot your reading glasses".  Thanks for a nice evening St. Francis.  See you next time.
3	St fancis? Who or what are you? A date place? No too noisy. A gastronomy wonder, no they don't serve beer in a can. So what is it?I had a full meal here and I cannot fully place a title. It was noisy, a bit pricy (who charges $2 for bread and olive oil) and not the most filling.We stated with the kale and Brussels sprout salad. While it did have plenty of kale the Brussels sprouts were just shavings, it had a healthy dose of a balsamic base dressing contrary to the menu. $10We also had the aforementioned $2 bread with olive oil, the menu calls it a baguette but it was sour dough.For the mains I had the Salmon super food. Pan seared salmon over a quinoa salad with some edamae in it. The Salmon was nothing special and the quinoa was good. $22  We also had the Forbidden Rice bowl, The rice was mostly sweet and not spicy the veggies were nicely roasted but nothing too special. $13Overal a fun diversion but I am not in a rush to go back.
2	Yummy food and excellent service, as always. However Beau and I have been scrupulous when evaluating restaurants' hygiene; it was unsettling to see them sweep the floor with raw food, clean plates and prep bowls so very low to the floor. Most servers had their hair pulled back tightly, or very short, with one exception - and her long loose hair stood out. It was disappointing that they charged extra for a broccoli substitute for pasta.
4	I'm torn between three stars and four stars for St. Francis, but I'm giving four stars for the coolness factor. This was a service station that's been converted to a cool eatery with an AWESOME patio and an indoor/outdoor bar, which I LOVE. I like sitting in the upstairs dinning area because it's a little more quiet. It reminds me of one of my favorite restaurants in Paris.My favorite dish is the Prime Hanger Steak but the food is where I waiver on giving four stars. Presentation seems to supersede preparation so that your meals looks better than it actually tastes. That is not too say that the food here is bad because fresh quality ingredients are used and there are some very creative entrees on the menu so the food is far from bad.I guess I just feel that compared to what's been done to create an awesome atmosphere for dining and drinking, the taste of the food falls a little short. I also don't feel that I get the most value for my money. The cocktails are great here but the drinks as well as the food are a bit on the pricey side. This is Phoenix after all, not Manhattan.Still a good place to go though-if nothing else, bring a date here for a few cocktails on the patio because it will impress.
5	It's a must. Food was delicious, fresh and prices were very reasonable!! Highly recommend going here!!! We had the baked cheese, the salad with Bacon and apples, and both were beyond amazing. For entrees, I had the mahi mahi over couscous and my boyfriend had the pot roast over sweet corn polenta. He said it was the best pot roast he has had. Veggies were fresh and again delicious.
4	We love the brunch here - they might have my favorite bloody mary in town, and the flatbreads and benedicts are delish.  All-in-all, though, some of the dishes I've had are just sorta... meh.  And not "meh" like "meh, i've had better," or "meh, this isn't my thing."  More like, "meh, for the price, this feels like they aren't even trying."That can be kind of a bummer, because this place isn't cheap.  It isn't overpriced by any means, but it is a lot of coin to drop for something that isn't very good.This sounds really negative for a four star review, huh?  But, really!  When this place does their thang right, it is really, really tasty.  And the atmosphere is really nice; a quiet, neat-looking former firehouse with classy decor.  Nice jazz for brunch.  A roaring fire on the patio during the winter.My recommendation: steer yourself towards something with a baked good involved (benedict, flatbread, sandwich, roasted vegetables) and you'll be golden.
4	I love love love St. Francis!!!  The food is very delicious and the staff very attentive!  Our party was never dry on drinks, we had bread brought to us.My only nag is the seating...very cool the way the set up is of the restaurant...but i really didn't like have my back being brushed up against by a complete stranger...i got a little claustraphobic.  But other than that, i love it!  I'd prefer the patio seating next time i go:)
5	Just had another Sunday breakfast.  Now have live music....fantastic!Had the awesome cinnamon roll again (split between 3-4 people!)  and one of the egg omelets.  Super yummy and great coffee of course.Thanks,jon
5	Love! Love! Love! This place! My boyfriend and I go here very often! It's again a great first date and for many dates to come! I'm gonna keep this short:For drinks get a Melboc or Cucumber CoolerFor breakfast get the baked eggs or eggs Benedict Lunch/dinner the salmon,meatballs or chickenIt's great! Have fun!
5	Love this place
5	I have only been here once and cant wait to return. The decor is industrial/modern. The crowd here is eclectic. We started with the goat cheese appetizer. It was tangy, smidge sweet and acidic from the tomatos...absolutely delish. I ordered an almond margarita out of curiosity...you must try! It is hard to describe...but it totally works. We had the hanger steak and salmon. Hanger steak was sooo flavorful, tender...exactly what i wanted. The salmon is spectacular! I cant wait to return and try everything else! It all looked good.
4	St. Francis, you have a new fan! Went here last night for our monthly Supper Club dinner and enjoyed every minute (we spent a good two hours here).We reserved a table for nine at 6pm and were seated by 6:15. We ended up with a large table in the corner near the kitchen. The table had a mix of four chairs and two long benches, so that was interesting (table was sort of too high though). Three in our party couldn't make it, but that was a blessing in disguise because it afforded us the chance to spread out and be more comfortable. The restaurant's design is a mix of modern, trendy and rustic (brick walls and benches) that blended nicely together. Loved the ambient lighting - very cozy and romantic! This is a great place for dinner and drinks with friends (inside) and for a date (patio area). Our waitress Meschelle was one of the best servers I've encountered at any restaurant. She was very attentive to our needs and knowledgeable about the food and drink options; her suggestions were spot on. To start, we ordered a bottle of the Clean Slate Riesling ($35, a white imported from Germany), the parmesan risotto ($10) and the baked goat cheese ($10). I loved the Riesling - it was light, crisp, slightly sweet, and very smooth. The BCG came out first - the crostini was too hard and the baked goat cheese, pesto and tomato sauce was too tart. The risotto was plated nicely and tasted even better. I loved the caramelized brussel sprouts, cippolini onions and the slices of cajun ham; each bite was lovely. One of the gals said it was cooked too al dente for her, but it was fine to me. Next we ordered a bottle of the Catena Malbec ($43, a red imported from Argentina). The wine is a beautiful, deep red with a full-bodied, smooth flavor - which went well with my entree (the prime hanger steak, $24, cooked medium well). The others ordered the Moroccan meatballs ($15), pot roast ($19), roasted chicken ($17), and two of the roasted salmon ($22 each). My steak was served on a bed of whipped (mashed) potatoes, veggies (arugula/sliced boiled potatoes/slices of artichoke) and topped off with a red wine sauce. Other than the boiled potatoes being too al dente, my entree was SO GOOD. (I think the steak would have tasted better if I had it cooked medium.) I tried a bite of the Moroccan meatball, pot roast, and roasted chicken; all tasted great! The pot roast was so tender and full of flavor; the best pot roast I've tasted thus far. This will be my entree of choice when I visit again. Everyone gave the food two thumbs up.Next we ordered a bottle of the Hullabaloo Zinfandel ($39, a red from Napa Valley). The wine is a beautiful deep red, but too full-bodied for my taste - especially since we're moving on to dessert. I wanted to order the Moscato to go with dessert, but was outvoted - wah, wah. We ordered the chocolate spice cake ($8) and cheesecake in a jar ($8) to share. Although the spice cake was presented beautifully, and was served with maple pumpkin gelato, I was not sold. The initial bite of the cake was full of chocolate flavor, but then the spice hits the palate and it was too strong. However, the cheesecake in a jar was AWESOME! I tried only one bite, but savored each burst of flavor. What made the cheesecake great was the almond crumble.Our bill came to $297, not inclusive of the 20% gratuity we added to the bill. Not a bad price to pay for great food, great wine and quality time with friends. ;)Thanks for reading my mini-book Yelpers!
4	Went here tonight with my wife. I was expecting good food but nothing to die for. I was wrong. The food here is insane! Started with the fingerling potatoes, excellent! I just wish the Aioli was a bit more flavorful, garlic maybe? But still awesome! Had the Mozz Salad. The beets, fresh mozz was such an awesome combo. I could not get enough of it. I ate so slow at this meal to just savor the flavors. Had the Salmon "superfoood", Holy Moly! Insane explosion of taste in my mouth. Just when I thought Phoenix Sucked ASS in the restaurant department, St. Francis totally nailed it! Every thing was utterly perfect. So worth the $$. I would give it 5 stars but felt the aioli was not as flavorful as it should be and the fingerling potatoes although insane needed more salt which I personally added to make them even better. I would say you cannot go wrong here. Excellent food, excellent atmosphere, just a place that is well done and reminds of Something well done in CA where I grew up. No half ass attempts here, this place is now my #1. I love it. Thank you for existing in a town with half assed mediocre food. We will be back asap!!! So pleased!!
2	I don't often review places on Yelp because of the time commitment and because usually I am just looking for a good bite to eat. This time, though I feel I should if not to balance the ridiculous number of 4 and 5 stars bouncing around for this place.The food was decent, and the atmosphere OK but seriously, how can this place cost as much as it does ($60+ for two people eating light)?? And how are people fawning all over it? I don't like to complain about a good meal, and indeed this meal was good but I can't seem to justify the cost as compared to most any other place I have tried in Phoenix that would be considered in St. Francis' class. I ordered a Hearts of Romaine Salad and a bowl of cauliflower soup. I shared a plate of the baked goat cheese with my guest. Not one of these dishes would have tasted much different had I made them myself from ingredients at the Public Market. Indeed, I have had cauliflower soup at the market that tasted just as good for a fraction of the price.The service was good, I will say, and for that I would offer a higher rating. But the general ambiance of pretension was more than I could justify, again for a meal I feel like I have had 100 times before. In the end I guess I would say if they would knock about $10 off of each plate, and cut some of the pretentious attitude, I would probably be offering a much  better review. I am not planning a return anytime soon.
4	Landed here late Saturday 9 pm, hosted was a little stresses & ditzy. Grabbed two seats at bar looking out. Great service, good food! The fresh baguette is awesome, had the cauliflower soup and the seafood cipp. Food was tasty, hot and lots of other items I would order, nice atmosphere,friendly staff ( except hostess)I will be back
5	I love this place! I've been here twice for lunch and once for dinner and have yet to be disappointed.The last time I went here, I got the fried egg sandwich for lunch - it was very good. A bit messy though - I had to eat it with a fork and knife. The fries are great too. I've also had the flatbread before, which I enjoyed. And I ordered the salmon when I was here for dinner which was quite good.It's the perfect place for lunching on the patio with a glass of wine. I haven't tried their brunch yet, but I hear it's amazing. Hopefully I'll be back soon for that.
5	This has been my best eggs Benedict experience in Phoenix. After having a 20 minute conversation with my brother about how badly people destroy hollandaise sauce,  Surprise surprise!  Their sauce was the perfect consistency. Eggs were cooked perfectly.  Presentation with the fingerling potatoes was beautiful.  This is as good as it gets.
5	I have been to St. Francis about 5 times now and every time I am completely satisfied with everything from the ambiance, to the service, to the amazing food.  I want to touch on just one menu item, the Eggs Benedict.  I haven't been able to eat said food for about 5 years now after a horrible food poisoning experience in Mexico brought on by bad hollandaise.  It is my fiance's favorite breakfast food and every time he orders it I try it and every time I can barely choke it down.  Not the case here!  I tried it, I loved it, I wish I ordered it myself!  I ate not only a bite or two of his, but our dining companion as well.  Just thinking about it right now makes my mouth water.  In a good way.
5	This may be as good as it gets in Phoenix.  St. Francis has struck the perfect balance between classy and casual with good eats that are local, and a great happy hour for the less well off.  The staff is very friendly and knowledgeabale.  The food is good.  I mean just that, its not amazing or something that will make the food network per say, but it is good everytime.  The food is fresh, locally sourced, and cooked and seasoned well.  This is the type of place you go to when you want a sure thing.
4	Great food using local sources.  Really cool casual vibe.  Love it!
4	I had brunch here on Sunday and it was fantastic.  We shared the bakers bread board which perfect.  The Scone is amazing!  I ordered the fried egg sandwich which was great!  I wasn't very happy that I couldn't sub fruit for french fries, I mean, the sandwich is bad enough as it is.  I did order the side of fruit, a huge portion, my friends ate my fries.  I would recommend St. Francis any day for brunch.
5	Baby Sis: We're going to St. Francis.Me: It's Friday night. Church?Baby Sis: No (stupid, implied). St. Francis Restaurant.Me: Oooh! Okay!Since the little sister is paying for dinner, I'm not complaining. =)It was closer to 8pm by the time we made out to St. Francis. My sister called ahead for reservations. Despite there being no line out front, it was pretty packed.The ambiance is intimate, a great place for a first date. But, I'd suggest sitting away from the entrance, as it could get potentially cold and the tables closest to the door just felt awkward.For a starter, we got the fingerling potatoes. I'd order those again. Main meal for me was the roasted chicken. For the sister, the pot roast. Both were great choices. As for dessert? Cheesecake in the jar! Delish!I even bought a loaf of bread to take home. They have excellent bread! Crusty outside and a moist, chewy inside. This carb lover was a happy girl!As far as first impressions go, St. Francis did great. Looking forward to the next time I'm in Phoenix, to try more items on the menu.
4	Nice casual trendy place. Ordered a bloody Mary for brunch which was very good. My sister ordered the eggs benedict which had very fluffy poached eggs. We came on a perfect 75 degree day. Would like to try the happy hour on my next visit.
5	I've been for brunch and I've been for lunch but never for dinner until this past weekend and I'm giving high ratings for consistency and continuous good times. The cinnamon roll is to live for! Share it with a friend or be like me and eat the entire thing yourself- sugar belly!  The cocktails are great too, the bloody mary is savory and comes with all kinds of goodies - can be too spicy for me sometimes but I just pop an antacid and all is good. Dinner this past weekend was just as great.  We were a large party but Francis was a saint and our table was ready on time without any delays.  Our server was also timely and most accommodating by not batting an eye at our request for separate checks. He made it seem like a fairly easy process even after we decided to play musical chairs, which would have burned my biscuits if I was in his shoes, for him, not a problem whatsoever.I decided on the meatball dish and man were those balls meaty and the Moroccan spiced sauce was delicious. The dish comes with three hefty balls, saucy sauce, pearl pasta and I added the hen egg because it was an option at no cost.  I want to try the pork chop next. A friend suggested I do so.Every element about this place is great, the architecture, interior decor (rustically romantic), lighting, valet service and patio. All the elements that imo make for a great dinning experience.
4	Saturday brunch on the patio!  St. Francis has been on the to do list since moving back to AZ.  I knew that I'd be impressed after reading that Chef Aaron Chamberlain came from La Grande Orange Hospitality.We enjoyed a nice variety to keep everyone happy from a Turkey Scramble, Eggs Benedict, Fried Egg Sandwich, to a Traditional Breakfast with bacon.To top it all off were their house cocktails. The Cucumber Cooler and freshly muddled blackberries made the Black Daisy the group favorites.Enjoy the cozy architecture inside.  The cable lighting make you want to zip line straight to the bar!
4	This is another Phoenix restaurant with great ambiance and decor. I was able to arrive before the rest of my party and had a couple drinks from the outdoor bar. The dirty martinis here are delicious! I also had a couple flatbreads (cheese & chorizo) which were both around $10. They both were very tasty and filling. For dinner I split the forbidden rice bowl (I added chicken) and the seafood cioppino ($25). I was surprised how much I liked the rice bowl, I am not exactly sure what type of rice they used, but it was on the sweet side in a good way. Other people at my table had the hanger steak , salmon and the french onion burger, but were not that impressed with it. I would suggest giving this restaurant a try, I'm glad I did.
3	I think St. Francis is great - if you don't pay full price. I've probably been 6-8 times now - once for brunch and the rest of the times at night - and I simply haven't left with as positive of a feeling if I've not been at HH or not ordered one of the more affordable entrees. For example, I once went for a friend's birthday dinner and got a fish entree in the $30 range. While it was good, I simply couldn't stomach paying $70 for an appetizer, entree and two drinks. And that was just for me. By the time my husband was factored in, we had spent the kind of money we'd spend for a five-star meal at a nice steakhouse. Same goes for brunch. While I can excuse paying $10-$13 for an entree if bloodys and mimosas are under $6, I can't if I have to pay $8-$9 just to whet my whistle. That said, I would probably pay $8 or $9 just for that delicious, succulent cinnamon roll. MMM - calories be damned. Anyway, my friend recently introduced me to HH at St. Francis, where you can get their delicious cocktails (the Black Daisy is a tequila lover's dream) for $5 and food items for as low as $4. The Forbidden Rice Bowl (one of my typical choices to save money after that initial fish entree experience) is only $8 and is both exotic and filling. There are many who rave about St. Francis and clearly, I like it enough to keep going back, but I just like to pay a little less for it. More money to spend at the tons of other great restaurants nearby!
2	All I can say is the horrible service overrode everything that could possibly have been good about the food.  The ambience of this establishment was very cool and hip and had an abundance of open air seating which was most welcome coming into phoenix from Michigan winter that same day.  However, our server was not good at all!  We waited for waters for over 10 mins. and when I needed a refill, because that was all I was drinking, forget about it.  I had to flag another server down while I could see my waitress rolling silverware.  We were eating with another couple and she never asked if we wanted the bill split either which I thought was unacceptable. Ok...for the food.  I had the pork chili verde which was very flavorful and the cornbread that came with it, I wished I had more of it.  My husband had the kale and Brussel sprouts and kale salad which he thought was very good but the meatballs were just that, nothing special.  Even with the hen egg.  The other couple we were with had been here several times and obviously have had much different experiences than we had because I don't think I would go back unless it was for a cocktail because they had a pretty good looking list and the bar area had tables and space to mingle.
3	I have really tried to love St. Francis, but the restaurant just isn't working for me. I've been back a few times, and I have the same mediocre experience each time. Nothing is ever BAD; it's just average.The food is the one redeeming quality of St. Francis, because for the most part, everything is really good. I say this based on my friends' opinions because I'm never completely satisfied with what I order. The most recent time that I went to St. Francis, I had the french onion burger, and it was lacking a defining flavor. Something sharp to offset everything else. It was, dare I say it . . . plain. Broadly speaking, the bread is good, the seasonal soup is good, the flatbreads are also (you guessed it) good. I just haven't been given a blown-away food experience.I get a little agitated with the seating. I know that St. Francis takes reservations, but it is upsetting when, as a walk-in, you wait for 30+ minutes while many empty tables go unseated during that time. Not just one or two; we're talking five, six, even eight empty tables at one point. I haven't been a hostess for a long time, so I hate mentioning it because I probably wouldn't understand the workings of seating arrangements at a fine dining restaurant, but it's one of the things that always happens when I go to St. Francis. My friends and I wait while many tables remain empty. I know that I am outside of the statistical norm with my rating, but I can't bring myself to give any additional stars. And to be honest, I'm not sure if I'm willing to spend any more money to try to give St. Francis the opportunity to earn any additional credit.
3	Not a bad place....that doesn't sound like a great start but give me a minute.  The place has a good location but too similar to a strip mall front and parking is a pain in the butt.  The walk up bar is the coolest part of the place and the happy hour isn't a bad bet at all but since the drinks were made from someone with Stevie Wonder's eyesight.  The vodka gimlet was pretty bad, I mean it tasted like straight lime juice.  Wouldn't sell someone on this place if there was a better alternative but if you got absolutely nothing else to do.....give it a try.  I would say that the crowd here is in the upper 30's to 50's age demographic.  I did find that the bathrooms were unique and were given more attention to detail than the menu.
5	This place was great.I went on a sunday for brunch. I thought it was going to be small judging from the outside but it turned out to have a surprisingly big. Really good atmosphere especially upstairs. They had piano music playing and I actually wasn't sure if someone was playing live. I don't think there was.Food was delicious. I got the biscuits with gravy. Potatoes were definitely unique and great. Drinks were also very refreshing. Will be back many times in the future
5	I have been stalking St. Francis for months. Let me explain, I drive by every day on the way home from work, and I can't help taking my eyes off the road to check out this ultra-cool restaurant. I began harassing Sean M. to accompany me to taste the menu so that I could stop creeping and start enjoying the food. My persistence paid off, as it usually does, and we made St. Francis our top choice for Sunday brunch this weekend.The wait was a little long but the day was beautiful and I wasn't raging around like a hungry monster so I didn't mind. We were seated after about 30 minutes, but you can make reservations to avoid waiting if you prefer.We started brunch by splitting a cinnamon roll. It was moist and covered in caramel sauce which was a nice touch to the iced variety that I am used to. It was huge and only cost $5.00. Totally worth it. Up next was the salmon eggs benedict. This is one of the best versions of this dish I have ever had. The flavors just work. The english muffin is sourdough with some kind of garlic-y spread underneath salmon, perfectly poached eggs, and hollandaise sauce. Amazing!We did not sample the drink menu on this trip. I am of the opinion mimosas and bloody mary's should be between $3-$5 on Sundays (it is the day of rest, after all), so I couldn't do the $9 that the menu was asking for.Overall, a wonderful experience! I can't wait to check out the menu for my other favorite meal, happy hour!
5	Let me say this up front, my wife used to work @ St. Francis so we are fortunate to know the servers and staff, this always makes for a friendly environment.  I have never had any item that I did not enjoy, in fact I have a new appreciation for fresh ingredients after having the pleasure of dining here.Chef Aaron can be compared to Picasso with a brush, or even Stephen King with a pen, except he perfects his ideas with kitchen utensils putting his work on plates.  Alex, Korbi and David serve great drinks.  Kayla and Dylan have both served us and are always attentive to their tables.Brunch is excellent, I would recommend the Egg Sandwich or Eggs Benedict, and you can't go wrong with any of the baked goods.  Happy hour is fantastic, very good deals.  For lunch I would recommend the French Onion Burger, always cooked to what you order and one of the tastiest burgers I have had in the Valley.  The menu is seasonal so don't be afraid to try something new.  During your wait enjoy the building, the lines are amazing, and there is a mural from local artist Dose on the second floor.Thank you St. Francis.
2	I met friends here on the suggestion of Happy Hour eats n drinks. Arriving to the restaurant there were only 2 parking spots open and they were behind the beer truck that was blocking them, next to a foul smelling dumpster and gas tanks sitting out in the open. It was about 4:15pm on a Tuesday. I parked and entered and found the ambiance pleasant. I would recommend some blinds for the atrium seating so that during sunset your customers arent in a greenhouse. The server was exceptionally polite and helpful and attentive. He even escorted me to the ladies room and advised me they were unisex. He was just a peach! The unisex bathroom however, reeked of urine. There's a reason ladies prefer their own lavatory! Structurally speaking, and this is being really picky, when you wash your hands in their unique sink, the faucet sits so low to the basin that your hands come close to dragging in the dirty basin that others have used. Icky. Once the last minutes of happy hour grew near though, our server's attention, understandably, waned. They got slammed. Perhaps a drink runner for that last hour of happy hour would have aided us in getting our drinks BEFORE closing out AND paying our tabs. The food choices for happy hour noshing were odd to say the least; a warm puddle of goat cheese with crunchy crostini; a cheese foccacia which was too similar to that served up at Sweet Tomatoes; cauliflower soup; grilled vegetables which was a pile of Lima beans with a few pieces of grilled cauliflower and carrots on top with some orange sauce drizzled over it all; Odd choices- and for being odd, they should have at least been delicious to counter the strangeness of the selections. They fell flat. I then ordered the olive medley and a bread loaf which they purportedly bake on site. The olives were plentiful and tasty. The bread however was burnt. It had big empty holes in the middle so the amount of bread was slight. Our cocktails were also unique, however some of them fell flat while others were so immensely strong we had to send 1 or 2 back. The reason i will never return to St. Francis isnt even any of the above although it contributes. But the icing, the cherry on top was departing the joint. Now I get why these hipster trendspots hire valet companies. The need to "accommodate" the customer who drives, is hopefully met by an attendant who crams your car into a packed lot meant for only about 16 cars. When I arrived there was no valet to squeeze me into my spot behind the beer truck, next to the dumpster, near the gas tanks. But when I left my car was again blocked in, this time by other cars which had been sandwiched between my rear and the cars in the lanes behind mine. it took quite the effort and my passenger getting out to guide me, to get out of my spot safely.On my exit, backwards, through the lot and around a corner, only then did I notice the valets. One was running about, the other seemed  a bit oblivious, flustered. I rolled down my window, and said "You guys have to be kidding the way you block people in, " I said smiling, trying to make light of the situation. "Most people know." he replied."Know what?" I asked."To let us know."Confused, I wasnt sure what he meant. My passenger said "You guys blocked her in and she could barely get out."The attendant responded, "Look lady, that's the name of the game."My passenger said "What game is that?"He replied sarcastically, "Well if you've ever been to St. Francis...""I have not" I cut him off as he continued to try to explain that we should have known to come let them know so they could move cars to let us out. 1st of all, from my spot I couldnt see that there was even a valet set up.2nd of all- to get your attention then to wait for you to rubix cube cars around would have inconvenienced me, YOUR CUSTOMER AND THE PATRON OF THE RESTAURANT THAT HIRES YOUR DUMB ASS TO CAR JOCKEY! To which i replied "I have not been here before and I wont be back now" to which he replied"Well good " and rolled his eyes.St Francis- the valet is the first and last impression of your restaurant. And that is why, more than anything else, I wont be back and I try to avoid places that use valets b/c they are too cheap to buy extra land to accommodate the numbers their trendy new spot might bring in. Additionally 9and not in your case since our drinks were priced for happy hour) my money that pays for inflated bar and food prices should cover me for FREE PARKING and not to have to pay or even tip some juvenile dipshit whom I wouldnt let drive my car if he was my own relative!
4	Just had sunday brunch here for the first time. Awesome. Wood-oven baked eggs over braised beef...fantastico.
5	I love this place! Nothing we had was bad! I took my boyfriend for his birthday in October. We sat at the bar because the restaurant was full on a Monday night! The beer selection was nice (needs more IPA) we shared a chorizo flatbread and the French onion burger both were to die for! I cannot wait to go back when I am in town a definite return date place!
4	Food was great.  Had the goat cheese app, pork chop entree, and some dessert.  The wine the server recommended pairing with the pork chop worked wonderfully.  Very reasonably priced.The only issue I have with this place is the hostess.  She might have been new, and if that was the case - then it's OK.  However, she was pretty absent minded and in general - underqualified to be a hostess (wow I cannot believe I just wrote that).  Whenever I am in Phoenix again, I will make sure to come back.  Cool place.
4	Great atmosphere and location. We started with the baked goat cheese, topped with pine nuts and with a little sauce (marinara? crushed tomatoes?) on the bottom, served w/Crostini-very delicious! I ordered the meatballs, which tasted very ketchup-y, but with the unusual spices, it definitely grew on me. It could have been spicier, though, and maybe served without the sauce altogether (preferable), or just not as much. My friend ordered the pork chop, which was perfect--juicy, great size--and definitely what I will order next visit. I heard brunch there is fantastic and based on this meal/experience, cannot wait to visit again. Knowing that kids 10 and under eat free is another plus, and the noise level was loud enough that a 4 year old should fit in well.
4	I have been to St Francis several times and really love it but I had one dish that simply blew me away. The forbidden rice bowl-wow-flavors just explode in your mouth.I had chicken added for protein-the dish came to the table so fresh-with perfectly cooked veggies in season, the rice was beyond tasty and the shredded chicken the perfect compliment. The real star is the sauce-delicate,aromatic, light.I ate most of it for lunch then took home the leftover and and had a light dinner.I never eat the same thing twice in a day but this is the type f dish I could eat weekly.Thinking about going back soon...
5	Do you like crusty french bread? Hard crusty shell on the outside with soft, moist chewy crumb on the inside?Whenever my wife makes soup, she asks me to bring home a loaf of crusty french bread. This is where I go to get it.Don't get me wrong, all their food is delicious, especially the veggie lasagna, and some kind of melted goat cheese in spaghetti sauce appy, but I don't have time for that, not tonight. My orders were very specific, "a loaf of crusty french bread."When you arrive, there'll be a couple dozen loaves of bread for sale in the front area, across from the hostess station. Grab a loaf, take it home and when you walk through the door, hold it up to your crotch and pretend its your junk. A hybrid, somewhere between a baguette and a traditional french loaf, you'll look like Ron Jeremy with this thing. Go ahead.Wave it around. Maybe even do 'the helicopter' with it, signaling your after-dinner intentions transcending any level of naughty she's even vaguely familiar with. Then prepare to eat your soup by yourself after getting a lecture on holding up any and every phallic shaped object to your crotch, as if it was some gigantic dong.Keep on dreaming, my friend. The world needs dreamers like you.Note to St. Francis managementYour bread is remarkable, and that little quinoa salad is scrumptious. Nice job!
5	We made a reservation, and the restaurant had us seated immediately.  Even on a busy Saturday evening, the service was great.  Happy Hour priced wine was good and the food (both the roasted chicken and the whitefish) were fantastic.Highly recommended.
5	If you have yet to be to St. Francis Restaurant I'm pretty sure you don't know what life could be like! This is THE perfect place - perfect place for what you ask? How about for a birthday or some sort of celebration seated in the nook surrounded by floor to ceiling windows on three sides. Or a romantic date night to impress your studly or lady friend. Or a sophisticated spots to take potential clients.Or a relaxing environment to grab a glass of wine or a few cocktails. Or even the perfect place to ride your beach cruiser to on a Sunday morning and enjoy a delicious brunch. Yes this place is the perfect place for all of the above, pretty amazing right?Now let me tell you why.The space: I feel like there are many urban type restaurants here in central Phoenix, but this restaurant is one of a few (if any others) that is built in the original old structure. There's a beautiful built in nook that can seat larger parties. Small intimate tables to encourage conversation. Exposed beams of the 2nd level of the restaurant. It's truly a restaurant that creates an open environment by opening a large garage door over the bar to serve the patrons outside and large glass doors that open to the patio with a beautiful wood burning fireplace.The food:I have yet to have something I didn't love. The menu itself isn't huge but for some reason it's still so difficult to pick just one thing. For dinner you can't go wrong with their french union burger, flat breads, or pork chop. But if you want the best thing on the menu go for the hanger steak. It is one of the best steaks I have ever had in my entire life! If you happen to stop by on a weekend for brunch you need to try either the most amazing pancake you will ever put in your mouth or the salmon eggs benedict. Now I was a little skeptical of the salmon eggs benedict at first because regular eggs benedict is not only my favorite breakfast meal - it's my favorite food ever. But for the same price as the regular I thought I'd give it a try and I was not disappointed at all! The service:Overall I have had Fantastic service at St. Francis. The wait staff is usually friendly and interactive. There was one time we had a server who seemed to be overwhelmed and we felt forgotten about, but that was only one time :)Tips:If you're going for brunch try to make a reservation! It can get pretty packed. One time I was told an hour and a half wait (but it was really only about 25 minutes luckily...).If you need a cocktail they have a lemonade that's delicious and dangerous!Be careful - you'll fall in love with this place.
5	Peggy and I ate here for the first time last night, and it was excellent.  Meschelle was our guide through the experience and kept me in ice tea which rates an "excellent" in my book anytime because of the attitude and attention that constant top-offs require.  The baked goat cheese was superb, My pork chop over a smooth silk-like puree of celery and potato was luscious, and Peggy's carrot soup and chicken salad sandwich was exceptional.   The atmosphere is urban comfy and the whole feel of the place is very welcoming.  This is a must go to and we will return!  Dr. B
1	We were first ones here for lunch...and kids eat free so I figured why not . I ordered forbidden rice w chicken...it arrrives raw! I had to search for a server and she removed the chicken from my plate...again we wait...and wait...it never came before my meal was finished.  Ha to find another server to ask tjey cxl chicken at this point and just bring bill. They tried to ofer it to go! No thanks...wanted it as part of meal...we will not be back.
5	I love this place!  Have taken friends here for brunch for the past several months and every single time, my friends have loved it.  This is a perfect BRUNCH spot!I usually get the omelet or the scrambled egg dish and both come with crusty french bread that is just dee-lish.  The meals are plentiful, delicately balanced in flavors and just simply yummy.  Iced coffee is always strong and the mimosa's sing beautifully on a saturday morning!The ambience is quite lovely in this restaurant.  Mixture of brick walls with modern undertones.  The restaurant is bright and airy and has a beautiful outside eating area as well.  My only complaint is the service.  It never is fast enough, although everybody is always very friendly.  I have learned to ask for the check when I get our meal to ensure that we are not left with empty plates for too long.  I wish they would beef up their service (although yesterday's brunch was a slight bit better in speed).All in all, I highly recommend St Francis as a brunching spot!  Enjoy!ps - they take reservations - highly recommended.
5	We were looking for something new and different in Phoenix. We decided to let Yelp help us and we stumbled upon St Francis. We read the reviews and decided to give it a try. WOW!!! The reviews did not do it justice! The service was outstanding, the food was one of the best we had in a long time. The chicken with garlic sauce was beyond anything we ever tried. The BEST!!! Highly recommend... Try something new!
1	To start off... BOOOO!!!I called in and made an 8pm reservation for 3 people. My daughter and I were meeting my husband up there, we were in separate cars so the arrival was going to be staggered by approx. 10 minutes. I checked us in for our reservation at 7:48pm at the hostess stand and the hostess said they would seat us when my husband arrived. My 3yr old daughter and I had to wait outside. This was no big deal as we were about 10 minutes early anyways. I did however express that I would like to put in my daughters order asap so the sooner they could seat us, even if my husband had not yet arrived, the better. She needed to eat and I would have liked a starter and a drink while we waited for my husband to join us. Any how, we waited until he arrived at 8:00pm and I was given a choice of two four top tables, one was upstairs and one was down stairs. I chose the upstairs table for convenience as I have a little one and it was a bit quieter up there.They sat us at our table, gave us our menus and left us to choose our starters, drinks etc.... Who I thought was the waitress, thinking my order was going to be taken, ends up being the hostess who returns about 5 minutes later and proceeds to ask us to move to a 2 top that is right next to the table we had been seated at. As there is 3 of us I was a bit confused, she said there had been a goof up and that the table we were seated at was reserved for a party of 4 that had not yet arrived but would be coming in in the next 10 minutes. I'm pretty taken back by the situation as I had an 8pm reservation for 3 people and was already seated. She then started saying that I only had a reservation for 2. I  asked her to check the reservation book as it should clearly show that I called and made a reservation for 3 at 8 pm. She said rudely that I had done some sort of  web check in for 2 and never even went down to check the reservation book. At this point I'm just baffled at how someone could be arguing with me about something like this as they had already seated us and did not seem to have this issue when I arrived or when they seated us. So she is still asking us to move to a 2 top when we are still clearly 3 of us. Then she says we would have to wait for another table unless we moved to the 2 top. I then asked her again if she would go back and check the reservation book. At this point I was still willing to over look the weird situation at hand but was not willing to be moved to a less than accommodating table. The other hostess then returns and goes thru the whole thing all over again making us feel just awful, my head was spinning and the situation became awkward and even more so uncomfortable. Finally after the rude, disrespectful and aggressive treatment I asked the young lady if she would like us to leave so the other party could be seated when they arrived. I think she finally realized how nonsensical they were being and snidely said no that's OK, but I hope you enjoy your dinner and huffed off. My husband and I had had it and decided to leave. No restaurant has that great of  food that any one should ever just accept this kind of treatment. I looked around and there were a few other empty 4 top tables that we could have either been moved to or that they could have placed the other "non present" party at. No matter how good the food might have been, the meal we never got to order was already ruined. We have heard mixed reviews regarding the food here but wanted to give it a try any ways. Bad Idea.We live in the area and regularly frequent many of the restaurants in the neighborhood and have never, I mean never been treated with such disrespect and horrible unforgivable customer service. I can not even begin to describe how disrespected and demoralized we felt. So on our way out we let the manager know that we would not be staying and that they could take their table and give it to whom ever they wished.We were walking to our car and this lady is chasing after us trying to apologizing for the mishap. We were clearly really upset and unhappy with this awful situation. I told her that it was a little too little too late and I let her know we did not wish to have a conversation regarding the situation. She insisted that we talk with her and she would not stop trying to speak with my husband, I finally had to ask her to leave us alone. I mean really, we are not happy, we left and are completely disgusted at what had occurred and she continues to ramble on like it is going to change what had just taken place.All I can say is what happened to customer service?? And just because a restaurant is busy at the moment and appears to be doing well it does not mean that their employees can treat their patrons with such blatant disrespect. I have seen a lot of restaurants come and go over the years around here, some have had really good food, some not, but not at any time have we ever encountered this kind of treatment.We will not be returning here.
5	Dim lighting. Fleet Foxes. Beautiful upstairs seating that almost seems secret. Band of Horses. Benches that are less cushy than you anticipate them to be. The Shins. Black board specials, just because they look cool. Beirut. $13 vegetable dishes. Intimidated yet? Fight through the angst. Once you take your first bite of food, all the hullabaloo will be well worth it.Order the forbidden rice bowl. Tell them to make it vegan (the vegetables are usually cooked in a bit of butter)... after all, you're a pseudo-hipster for the evening, and it's fantastic. If you're depressed by the idea of black rice as your main carbohydrate, the flat breads are taste-gasmic. That crust... the things I'd do for unlimited amounts of that flat bread crust. Top it off with figs and ricotta, and there's no way I'm passing up a square or two... or seven. If you're still not sold on the idea of carb-loading, the salmon "superfood" is delicious and nutritious, and who's not into a little super(food)iority now and then?But on to the main event... the chocolate stout cake + spiced ice cream + espresso ganache was the best chocolate cake I've ever had. It was just so damn... moist. There, I said it. Moist. Moist. Moist. Ew. But really, yum. If caffeine, chocolate and alcohol don't suit your fancy (wimp), the cheesecake in a jar was equally delightful. Cookie crust + strawberry compote + cream + cheesecake. Layered. In a jar. Who thought of that? Someone with adorable thoughts, that's who. And let's be honest, you've earned dessert. I mean... you ordered a healthy, vegan entree over the french onion cheeseburger, right? Right. Of course you did.
5	Wow, we have been here a few other times, but only for dinners and we decided to have our mother's day brunch here.  The food was phenomenal, the services were awesome and the prices were more than reasonable.  The entire staff was extremely friendly to our son and we would classify it as children friendly.  Everything we order tasted great, the ingredients were very fresh, the portion sizes were perfect and we walked away very impressed.  I've always been enamored with the design of the building as they've done a great job then add on a killer brunch.... we will be back often!
4	This place IS really GREAT except for one thing that some people like. THE NOISE! We almost left, it was so noisy we couldn't have a conversation and neither of us could hear the drink special from our waitress. The noise level did get better towards the middle of our stay I guess if you are there during the happy hour you might hit them when they are busy and noisy.HoweverThe food was good, I started with a little romaine salad it was only $3. it was good except for the apple slices that tasted like onions (that might mean something wasn't cleaned). My roasted salmon was delicious and came over a cold quinoa salad. I was surprised to find out they use high quality Scottish Salmon that only better restaurants use. My companion had the cheese flat bread and the Pork Chile Verde and was pleased.We spent much less here on dinner than we would have spent at many other places having a similar meal.I do plan to return but will wait for a patio seat where dining is much more pleasant.
4	Hipster joint, for sure.  But you can't beat the cool half-indoors/half-outdoors bar area.  And the pork chile verde will bring me back soon!  It is a little noisy if you're trying to have real conversations over dinner.  But it's definitely worth it, considering the food & drink selection is tough to match!  Love this place ... my mouth is watering while I reminisce about the pork chile verde.  MMMMMMMM!
4	We visited on a Saturday night for drinks and dessert.  Ended up getting a bottle of wine and sitting on the front patio.  They had some movie projected on to the wall next to us which was pretty cool.  Ambience was fantastic.  Lots of nice folks sitting around and striking up convos.  However, the highlight of my night was the dessert.  We shared this little piece of heaven...a toffee pudding thing with gelato.  I was pretty much the girl licking the bowl in the corner!  Ok...maybe not that extreme but I wanted to.  It was one of the best desserts I've had.  Can't wait to go back and try their other course offerings.
5	I absolutely love this joint. The food is out of this world fresh and delish! Seasonal veggies. Mmmmm goat cheese crustini is soooooooo good. Excellent service. A favorite for sure.
4	Trendy with good food. Great staff and an interesting facility. It's not really a family place, but they do have some interesting kid meals. Feels like a good date place or business get together. I would totally do job interviews over lunch here.
4	We went on Friday night at 8 pm.  Thankfully, I made reservations.  We were seated right away and the service was very friendly.  It is a cool, hip, casual atmosphere.  As others have stated, this place is NOISY!  There are a lot of hard surfaces (cement floors, etc.) that cause the conversations and laughter to rebound off every surface and reverberate.  It gets so loud at times you can't hear to have a conversation.  The waitress took a bit to come see us but, when she did, we definitely had her full attention.  She was friendly, well informed and more than happy to answer our questions and give us her thoughts on any dishes.  She knew her menu and gave great descriptions to help you decide.  I ended up ordering the Green Chili and my b/f got the Potroast.  We nibbled on the their housemade bauguette and it wasn't very long until our meals arrived.  One word - DELICIOUS!  OMG was it good.  The pork in my green chili was so tender and had the perfect amount of seasonings/spice.  The 2 slices of cornbread were silky and flavorful.  The portion sizes were perfect.  Not so much that you felt stuffed but you definitely weren't hungry - "comfortably full"  The taste of the Potroast that i had was also incredible.  The only mistake we made was ordering the chocolate cake.  The waitress said it was 'semi-sweet' and that should have warned us.  It definitely was missing the sweetness that we enjoy.  That being said, in hindsight, she did a great job of her description of the cake but we misinterpreted it.  On the drive home, we both commented on how fantastic the food was and a total steal for the price.  It is the type of meal that you would pay at least $10 more/plate anywhere else.  The only complain is the noise.  Everything else about this place is stellar.  I think next time we would come later and see if it is a bit quieter.
5	One word for this place, AMAZING, and I think I just found my new favorite restaurant. We arrived early for our reservation as we wanted to have drinks at the bar. We were greeted by the warm, friendly hostess who offered us a seat on the patio until a table opened up. The bartender got our drinks quickly even though the bar was completely full. We sat on the beautiful patio enjoying our drinks until our table was ready. Table service was fantastic as well and I ordered the halibut with couscous while my husband ordered the steak. The halibut was huge and cooked perfectly with a fabulous combination of flavors. The steak was very tender and juicy with a flavorful sauce. Also, the prices are very reasonable for what you get as our entrees were $23-$24 and they were pretty much the most expensive menu items. I would normally expect to pay much more for the type of food and level of service received.St. Francis has it figured out with impressive customer service, an unbelievable menu, and relaxing ambiance. No wonder this place is packed all the time.
2	St. Francis is the patron saint of animals and he was a vegetarian so why does a restaurant named after him have I believe it was 1 veg entrees and 1 veg appetizer? The veg entree was a rice bowl. Rice is cheap. A rice bowl is big bowl of cheap simple carbs. Nothing special. I believe St. Francis would feel dishonored by this restaurant. Some of the fries I nibbled off my friend's plate were good but you can get good fries at nearly any place. Ketchup tasted store bought rather than made by the restaurant. Atmosphere was nice.
5	Another great HH gem! Daily 3-6pm.Half off all glasses of wine! :) Woohooo! AND they have GREAT cocktails with fresh squeezed juices that are only $5. I recommend the burger, the pork chili, and the fingerling potatoesIf the weather permits, sit outside! You'll forget you're in Central Phoenix.
4	Whether you are going for live music and brunch on the weekends, a drink with friends or an enjoyable dinner out, St. Francis has a little bit for everyone.  My indoctrination to St. Francis started with happy hour and drinks with a few friends early last year.  Since then, this place has become one of my favorite spots for a night out.  There are a few other places that are on my coveted list of restaurants... it is not an easy list to get onto and requires that the following criteria be met:Amazing foodTremendous serviceClean and inviting atmosphereSt. Francis is on the list of places that never fail to meet this simple, but important list.Last Thursday we were in for dinner.  My wife had just arrived home from a business trip and we wanted to go out for dinner and we wanted something we knew was going to be great.We ordered the veggie flat bread for an appetizer, french onion burgers and we even did cheesecake in a jar for dessert (which is rare anywhere... dessert that is).  The veggie flat bread is soooo good, the flavors are just incredible and they derive from the natural flavor of the veggies. So the main course came and we realized the bread was a little stale, strange, but not a big deal... we let our server know and she immediately took action to correct the issue.  We were pretty calm about the situation, we had never had a problem at St Francis before.  As it turns out, they purchased a new bread rack and it was close to the oven, unfortunately as we found out, the oven was also drying out the bread on the rack.  Our server said she informed the executive chef who was said to have started looking at the bread and realized that the oven was doing a real number on the bread.  She said that the chef was taking corrective action and was sorry for the issue.  Not a problem for us, we were happy that they were taking care of our order and making sure it did not happen again.  I have had bad experiences before, the difference between those experiences and my experience at St Francis is worlds apart because the staff reacted immediately, they seem to care about what they do and the food that they serve.  Anyone can tell me they are very sorry, but between saying the words and fixing the problem are real actions; notification of an issue, understanding what caused the issue, reviewing food that has not been sent out of the kitchen, addressing the concerned customer and checking to see if other customers were affected by sending the servers out to see if everything tasted ok.  Not just words... actions.  Go to this wonderful restaurant, embrace the relaxed atmosphere and enjoy their food.
4	Visiting Pheonix for work (shocker) and had a hard time trying to pick a restaurant.  I looked on Yelp, I read reviews.....but in the end had a hard time finding a restaurant that fit all the criteria (good atomsphere for a "table for one", good food and within hotel shuttle distance).  AWESOME CHOICE.  Thanks to the bartender at the Hilton Suites recommendation.  The atomsphere was awesome with an open airy space, a view of the kitchen when you first walk in.  I was sat on the second (top) level and it was nice with great natural light. I got the farm salad and honestly one of the best salads I have ever had....very light and fresh.  As an entree I got the Pork Verde.....AWESOME.  It came in a cast iron skillet with a side of sweet corn bread (don't forget I am from Georgia).  :)  It also had pablano peppers and some cheese.  Nuff said.After dinner I went back downstairs to the bar to have one last cocktail.  I had the St. Francis Lemonade.....in both stawberry and lemon verbena flavors.  Thumbs up for both.  (Yep I had 2 last cocktails). Overall all awesome restauant.  I think if I had someone with me and didnt feel so rushed during dinner, it would have gotten the 5 stars.  But they squeezed me in since I was a walk in.  Highly recommend for atomsphere, drinks and food.
4	I was in Phoenix with colleagues from the UK for a trade show so on the last night we decided to go and find somewhere to eat. This place was recommended by the hotel - a concept that fills me with dread but on this occasion I decided not to be a sour puss and go with the recommendation. It's got kind of a rustic upscale look about it and a nice ambience, a good mix of people from young couples through to families.We had one of their freshly baked baguettes as a starter of sorts which I have to say was really very good, it was served with olive oil but could have done with a touch of balsamic vinegar.I can't remember what my colleagues had but they didn't complain about it and they do tend to be picky eaters. I had the port chop which was seasoned perfectly and cooked just the way I like it - well done. Maybe it's a UK thing but the thought of pork not being nuked and served medium makes me gag. It was served with stewed peaches and a potato salad - perfect.Our server Greg was very attentive without being totally in your face. The place is about a 10 minute cab ride from downtown but well worth it. The hotel billed it as a Californian eatery but it was more like a modern American restaurant.In short, highly recommended.
5	I ate at St. Francis last night with some friends.  We tried five of the appetizers, including some kind of fried potato fingers, a pizza thing with figs and prosciutto, a fresh salad, some green beans, a cucumber and tomato mix... I thought I was in heaven.  The fresh baked bread was great too.  Then came the entrees!  I had the roast chicken.  Some got the pork chop, and burger.  Everything was seasoned to perfection.  We also tried several of the desserts.  My favorite was some kind of caramel-date cake.  Sounds funny, but it was really really good.  The service was outstanding, attentive, genuine, not overbearing. Atmosphere is wonderful.  Although it's busy, I was never neglected.  I can't wait to go there again.
4	This is an amazing restaurant. I wanted to wait until I had been several times to write a review to ensure it was fair and that I wasn't just overly impressed with my first few visits. I have been more than 20 times. Several times for brunch, three times for dinner, and a lot of lunch visits. Always great service and the menu is terrific. I love the bacon burger and brunch options are all fantastic.  The baked eggs are amazing and I love the pork chile verde for brunch. It comes with a slice of corn bread and is terrific. My only complaint (although I find it important) is that I do not appreciate that the kitchen serves meals for children first. We often take the kids for brunch and I sometimes forget to tell the server that we would like our meals served together. Otherwise, the kids meals come out IMMEDIATELY.  I will be honest, I don't understand this. Especially at such a lovely restaurant.  I have talked to the servers about it before and while they are happy to make the adjustment, unless you ask, your children's meals are brought before the adult meals.  I dislike this for two main reasons: (1) assuming I allow my children to eat their meal first, after my children have finished their meal, they are less likely to sit in their chairs properly and be entertained while we eat, but FAR MORE IMPORTANTLY, (2) I believe children should learn proper manners, which includes that it is not polite to eat a meal until all those at the table are seated and served. Even my two-year old can observe this rule so it is frustrating that a restaurant believes we should be encouraging children to eat when others are not.  Overall, a lovely restaurant. Wonderful, seasonal menu. Great space. Kid-friendly. Great wine list. Visit. Go now.
4	Great happy hour! A nice place to hang out and grab some drinks. The baked goat cheese is amazing as are their baguettes. Service was good considering how large our party was. Happy to add this place to my HH list and will be back!
5	St Francis is one of my very favorite resturaunts in Phoenix.  Their menu is super interesting and everything I have had is delicious, though I have only had one thing because it is so delicious I get it every time.  I usually get the chicken which has green olives.  Also it has a very kind of swank, trendy feel without the least bit of pretension which makes it very nice.  This is demonstrated by how super kid friendly the place is!  There is even a box of toys that your toddler can play with and one time when we went there the hosts practically babysitted our daughter, playing with her at the toy box.  It is so nice to go to a very grown up kind of resturaunt where they welcome children so throughoughly.
3	Came here the other day and had the worst service ever. The food was still amazing.
5	This is a great place for Happy Hour and special times like birthdays, etc. I went here for a birthday and really enjoyed it. We happened to arrive during Happy Hour so our dinner choices were a lot cheaper. We ordered the cheese flat bread and the rice bowl. Both were outstanding. Portions were so big that we had to request containers to take leftovers home and the delicious chocolate cake we chose for dessert came with a candle and was free! Wonderful service, great atmosphere and terrific food...highly recommend St. Francis.
4	I have been to St. Francis twice - once for brunch and once for dinner. The brunch deserves 5 stars, we had great service and great food. Their bread was AMAZING! We had great service for dinner, but the food wasn't up to what I was expecting. Things were a little bland and the sauces on all the dishes was a little heavy. However, overall I would definitely recommend them.
5	Amazing brunch! Nice open air feel and quick service. The wood oven baked eggs are ridiculously good! Runny egg yoke with seasonal veggies all baked with red wine braised beef... Yes please. The chicken salad sandwich is also delicious. Live jazz has on Sunday morning is supposed to be great as well.
2	I though the restaurant its self looked amazing, the staff quite helpful and friendly and the service was fast.  Sadly, I found the food quite lacking.  First off the menu is quite small, though it is a small place and small kitchen.  It seems the place focuses more on the bar and wine then the actual food.  The food for all our in our party was just over spiced.  Each of our dinners just tasted like spice and not so much the meat or other entree it ordered.  When ordering meatballs (no pasta, just had the meatballs), I kind of expect to be able to taste the meat.  Plus the garlic bread served with it was so hard, it was uneatable.  Even gnawing on it was ineffective.It's a pretty place with a nice atmosphere.  But if you want a good mean, I just can't recommend it.
4	What a great place....and the waiter in the bar, Casey, and our waiter for dinner, Barry, we're so nice and so amendable and nice.  Food was excellent!
4	You've got to hope that a restaurant named after a saint isn't some sort of trashy place, and I'm happy to report St. Francis in central Phoenix was ultra-classy and had wholesome, delicious food that would probably make the patron saint of animals proud.The beautiful two-story spot, with fresh flowers and candles on every table, as a very cozy vibe. Tables are close together inside, and there's a spacious patio and bar area. When I went, footage of Julia Child was being projected on a wall near the bar, adding a quirky and fun element to the otherwise posh restaurant.Our server was extremely knowledgeable about the comfort food menu, offering up vegetarian options, giving his recommendations and explaining ingredients and cooking techniques in dishes.We started out with Baked Goat Cheese ($9), which was a bowl of the cheese accompanied by crackers. The cheese and tomatoes were so good, but I preferred to dip the soft bread we got with our meal into it rather than the crispy baguette.For my entree, I had a Vegetarian Flatbread pizza ($13), which had such soft dough. It was perfectly cooked-lots of cheese and veggies, including broccoli and tomatoes, and the crust was amazing.For dessert, I had a to-die-for Roasted Blackberry and Mascarpone Cheese dish ($7). The cheese was so flavorful, and the fresh fruit made it a great summer dessert. St. Francis uses locally grown ingredients, and not only did the food taste great, it felt nice to be supporting sustainability.I also had a Pineapple Rum Mojito ($9), which seemed heavy on the soda but was refreshing.The whole vibe at St. Francis was peaceful and positive. Their menu changes with what's in season, and I can't wait to go back and try more of what the place has to offer.
4	My husband and I went there last Friday night. We've made it our goal to try a new place at least once a month . We thought the food was fantastic. We got to sit up on the second floor and had a view of the bar. We ordered the potato finger lings and the bread for appetizers. I have to say that after reading a few reviews, I was looking forward to the bread since everyone seemed to think it was amazing. I was not that impressed with it, I've had better. The potatoes were very good though. For the entree, we ordered their special, some kind of pork loin with arugula salad on top and some kind of creamy tomato base. It was delicious!! We also had the strawberry cheesecake dessert in a jar, fantastic!! We will definitely be adding this one to our restaurant repertoire.
4	My favorite high-end burger in Phoenix so far.she had the seasonal vegetable flat bread (read: pizza)I had the burger (read: simple and awesome)we had the smashed fingerling potatoes. our only problem was that the ketchup was some sort of Heinz/Hunt's mixed with who-knows-what. The fingerling potatoes were absolutely delicious.I only had a bit of her "flatbread"... i was too busy with my burger.the "french onion" burger is spectacular. the french-fried onions, gruyere cheese and arugula are a great complement to the brioche bun and the tender ground beef patty. This is what a fancy burger should taste like.
4	A bit of a trendy downtown-type place, but food is amazing and the ambiance is very cool. When we went on Thursday night it was pretty busy, although the patio was closed (probably a good thing on a summer night). The only downside was that we had to wait a while fire our server to check in on us and others seemed to gaffe the same issue. Not sure if it was unusually buddy for a midweek night, our if they need an extra server or two to help distribute the attention to the customers. Overall, though, a great experience, we look forward to returning to St. Francis!
5	Two Words: HAPPY. HOUR.Amazing cocktails are only $5 during Happy Hour - every day from 3-6pm. Arrive on the earlier end of Happy Hour to snag the best table before the crowds arrive. I love the atmosphere - trendy and classy, without pomp and circumstance. I have eaten there in jeans and a t-shirt, and also in a dress with heels (okay, I lied...I can't walk in heels..but you get the idea.). The staff is friendly and accommodating to special orders, and the Happy Hour also offers great deals on food. The menu is somewhat seasonal with some dishes staying consistent and some new additions every few months. Personally, I do wish they offered a few more vegetarian/vegan options, but it is still a great place for people of all dietary needs! Must Try: Fingerling Potatoes.
3	Delicious Sunday brunch food, fresh squeezed juices & jazz!  If you visit on a Sunday ask for a table away from the band.  Love Central Phoenix!!
5	i love love love this place! I feel like I'm in laguna when I'm there!! awesome Sunday brunch! best spicy bloodys ever! and the eggs Benedict? shut up!!! :)
5	Ok, as promised I went back. Truth is I've been back several times now, and it just keeps getting better. [Ms Aguilera, would you kindly get out of my head.]Most recently I went for happy hour (an excellent plan). Half price on all glasses of wine and their fun cocktails are only $5 each. Bam!The Forbidden Rice Bowl lured me into it's blasphemous clutches and I couldn't have been happier. Highly recommended!Again, the Cucumber cooler should not be missed, even at full price!
4	It took me a couple tries, but now I can officially say that I am a fan of St. Francis. I met here recently for lunch with a girlfriend and this is a great restaurant for a ladies lunch. The atmosphere is trendy, fresh, unpretentiously sophisticated and although it's right off of busy Camelback Road, you'd never know it once you step through the doors. First and foremost, I like that they allow you to make reservations, even during the lunch hour. This is smart to do because it does get crowded. The food here is simple with a culinary twist. The menu offers flatbreads, salads, sandwiches and other options. On a previous visit, I tried the burger which was juicy and delicious (as well as a little pricey). The burger is definitely a good option to order if you are in a hungry mood. The fries are thick steak fries with plenty of salty goodness to them. On my most recent visit, I had the Del Real which is a sandwich with goat cheese, cucumber, peppers, onion marmalade and avocado, plus I added turkey. It comes with your choice of a side salad or fries, but this time around I fought through my cravings and opted for the side salad. The sandwich was on ciabatta bread and absolutely delicious! The side salad had a great dressing to it as well. All in all, the meal was delicious and the atmosphere was good too!
3	june 1, 2010 -- service was great, until we couldn't find waiter to clear table and give us our bill...he seemed to disappear. food was good, but nothing on the menu jumped out at us. roasted potatoes needed more salt, and more aioli. asparagus was, well, asparagus. squash blossom risotto was underdone and too salty. the cocktails were great. a very sleek place. very seen and be seen. open door and open bar cause a bit of a fly problem. won't bother going back.
5	This place was awesome, probably one of my new favorities. When you arrive to the resturant they have complimentary valet parking, which was nice. The hostess sat us immediatly and gave us our menus. When I was ordering I was choosing between the Lemon Chicken and the Forbidden Rice Bowl. I went with the rice bowl and I am so happy I did, it was amazing! The Roasted Salmon looked great as well. I think I will HAVE to go back to this place!
1	Went last night as I'd heard good things. Was very disapointed. My Pork chop was dry and generally average and my friend had a flatbread which was so dry he could barely finish it. My friends beer come out warm and my $8 glass of wine was a meagre 4oz, not 6oz. When we complained the waitress said that it 'looked that way because of the glass'. I know how full a glass should be. To add insult to injury its pricey. Definitely will not go here again.
3	I'm not sure which came first, Postino's or St. Francis but I am a long-time fan of Postino's so the first thing I thought when my family and I went to St. Francis is "Oh, Postino's wanna-be". My opinion wasn't too far off as far as the air of hipster/yuppiness that exudes through the vestibule definitely screams Postino's while you wait for a table but as far as quality of service, you St. Francis, are definitely no Postino's. Our server made a major push at the upsell of a combination appetizer and when we agreed to it, he forgot to bring it to us! I had ordered a soup/salad/1/2 sandwich entree for lunch, and he forgot the soup. When he did bring it after being reminded, it was lukewarm. He kept forgetting to bring refills as well. It was like he was in another world. We ended up being comped quite a bit off of our bill because of simple mistakes because what's the point in being served lukewarm soup or an appetizer at the end of your meal? And he was NOT new! I am very forgiving of new servers and this guy kept telling us how he's worked at St. Francis for 2 years and how much he loves it there....so whatever his problem was that day, it definitely affected our meal and our potential to return.The saving grace was that the food was really delicious. I had the Del Real sandwich, my son had pig dip, my other "son" had French Onion burger, my "son's girlfriend had the forbidden rice bowl. All were really nicely done, fresh, served at the right temperatures (with the exception of the aforementioned soup), etc. I just wish the service had been better. Maybe we'll go back..maybe I'll just go to Postino's. I guess we'll see the next time we are "in the neighborhood."
5	Every time we've been there, we've been blown away in all the best ways. Service, quality, consistency, friendliness, design, flavor...it is just incredible from top to bottom. HUGE recommendation!
5	Excellent brunch food and great Bloody Marys! They make their own bread onsite, which is to die for! Love it. Hate the valet parking.
4	A packed lunch hour shows off the kitchen rocking.A few minor tweaks indicate management is aware of the kitchen's organization, as well as food protection.  Awesome romaine salad, prosciutto and, fig flatbread, and roasted vegetables. Nice wine pours. Really comfortable, stimulating digs to unwind the week. Thank you for the consistent reprieve!
3	This is my second time here. I love the atmosphere and friendly, speedy service. The food is pretty good but not phenomenal to me. Many disagree. Give a try and see what you think.
5	Great service and great food. I love the Pork Chop, the meatballs, and the cheese flatbread. I found this place by luck and now i eat there at least once a week. This place is awesome.
3	Not a bad spot, however, stay away from their version of the Cioppino if you have ever eaten it in the bay area, specifically San Francisco. The one here has nothing but a few clams, a monstrously soggy piece of bread and something like Hunt's tomato sauce as the broth. I guess the old adage remains true, nothing beats the original. Other than that, the risotto was OK and the Cheescake in a jar was amazing. Another tip for those that go, park at the bank next door instead of valet usage.
3	The atmosphere at St. Francis is wonderfully eclectic. The food is more like fine cuisine with the menu offering frequent variations including fresh herbs and vegetables from their own garden. Happy Hour begins at 3:00 and they have tasty drinks unique to them. St. Francis is frequently busy which can affect the service and the noise level during the busiest parts of the day. If you go prepared for that you will enjoy your experience.
4	3.5. Surprise complimentary valet for parking. Good, solid, food in a cute atmosphere. I enjoyed the live music and my baguette to take home. The boyfriend thought the turkey scramble could be bigger and I would have more liked more evenly crispy fries but overall it was an enjoyable time and I would go back.
5	Awesome. Bartender let us sample a few wines before we bought a bottle.  Fingerling potato appetizer was great.
5	Great place for happy hour, food/drinks are great.
5	Friday at 4:30 p.m. was a lovely happy hour.  October weather made sitting outdoors perfect.  Great service.  Wonderful food and specialty drinks.  Like that they serve, beer, wine and spirits.  Food menu covers all tastes.  Savory and delish.  Had goat cheese - wonderful, house-made bread with salty olive oil - so good!  French onion burger - awesome!  I didn't love the salad dressing as it was sweet to me - maybe the pear made it too sweet.  The rest of the salad was really fresh and tasty.  Def. going back.  Pretty decor.
5	Mmmm, Very good Food. this is a restaurant to not be messed with! I will return Hungry for Moar~
3	My wife and I met two other couples at St Francis on a Friday evening. The place was packed and we were seated at the table closes to Camelback Rd and really away from the dinning room. So it was a more intimate dinning experience.The service was sloooooooooowwwww. It took about 15 minutes to get a drink. I would expect much better service from a high end restaurant. I had the Romaine Salad, Pork Chop and a desert along with a couple of beers. The meal was a $30 special during Restaurant Week, but somehow the bill came out to about $100 per couple before tip. So this place is a tad pricey. The Romaine Salad was fabulous, I think the tiny real pieces of bacon put this salad over the top for me. As I was eating my homemade breaded pork chops this past weekend, I was reminded how the thick pork chop at St Francis tasted so mundane compared to other restaurants I have patronized. The desert was okay.In conclusion,  my taste buds couldn't convince me that I had a culinary revelation.
4	Came here for a girls' evening last Friday.  I'm not so much a fan of the forced "complimentary valet" but the city of Phoenix is grooming me to expect such things if I want to eat in the area.  The restaurant is cute.  Menu is diverse and they have a great cocktail list.  The goat cheese appetizer is pretty fantastic if you like goat cheese.  The food is good, but not great.  I had the vegetable flatbread pizza and with a little more seasoning, it would have been delicious.  Our table shared the cheesecake in a jar as well as the stout cake - all were delicious (and I'm a tough customer when it comes to chocolate cake).  Our waitress was generally fantastic all evening.  She seemed a little short when there was a mix-up with the credit cards and amounts but was back to being cheery as soon as it was fixed.  I will definitely return!
4	Good food but would like to see items that are more upscale. The service is always good
1	If I could give no stars, I would.  I made a reservation for my best friends birthday brunch for Sunday at 1130 for 8.When we arrived the hostess informed us to have a seat on the patio and she would let us know when the people ahead of us were done at the table. Fine. We were seated at 1150. With a reservation. Are you kidding me?Our server came by after about 5 minutes and took our drink order, she returned with said drinks, (7 of the same drink) after 20 minutes. 20 minutes after this she returned to take our food order. Then we ordered another round of $9 drinks, when the drinks arrived 15 minutes later, mine was forgotten, but was brought after another 15 minutes. A little more than an hour after we ordered our meals arrived, but not my crispy fingerling potatoes. (which is my favorite thing) When I asked for them, our server said they would be out in 2 minutes. When I was finished with my meal, they were brought out.We were here for 3 hours! 3 hours! No one asked us if we wanted more drinks and frankly, no one was friendly.I will NEVER come here again.
3	I was one of the first patrons for lunch, I park in the lot on the side, open the door and walk in...and get fairly rudely told by one of the servers that I've just entered the wrong door and if I would like to go to the front and wait for the hostess, I can be seated. Not the best start to the meal.I ordered a bunch of food figuring I'd sample it all and decide if I like the restaurant enough to bring my wife by at another time.First I got the hamburger w/bacon and gruyere. By the time it got to me, the bun was completely soggy under the burger. The bread was too soft and porous, and there was nothing between the burger and the bread. The biggest crime here was that the menu said it was served w/an aioli...and it was, on the side. If they had just put a nice thin coat of it on the bun then the juices wouldn't have turned my bun into a fall apart mess. The crispy onions on top were nice though, and the burger was cooked a nice medium. HOWEVER, I also got a side of the fingerling potatos...disaster. They were charred little briquette lumps, which was a shame, because I had really been looking forward to them. Only about 1/4 were even edible.Second, I ordered the cheese flatbread, thinking it would be like it said on the menu, flatbread w/cheese and herbs. However they made the mistake a lot of lesser restaurants make, they brought me a pizza. Look, quick easy difference between pizza and flatbread...sauce. If you put tomato sauce and cheese on it, it is a flatbread pizza. If you MEAN flatbread pizza you should say that on the menu. No big, it still tasted good, except again...soggy. Like, fall apart soggy. A shame.Third, I went for the cheesecake for dessert. First problem w/this? It took 15 minutes to get my cheesecake. Not even kidding. They weren't that busy, and my server stopped by twice while I was waiting to refill my water. Not once did he say, "hey, that'll be up in just a moment" or offer any explanation. Weird. Second problem, when it finally does come, it is a bell jar with an inch of cheesecake in the bottom, a combination of canned fruit and candied nuts on top of that, and about 3 inches of whipped cream filling the top of the jar. Do you have any idea how hard that is to eat? Ridiculous. I was angry because actually tasted good, but it was so hard to eat!In my book, 3 near misses. They're so close to being a really good restaurant, but right now they just aren't there.
4	Met some friends here for a Sunday brunch. Good food, decent prices, open and inviting atmosphere. Will likely dine here again in the future The only thing that was a little off-putting was that the live music they had playing was so darn loud, that we were literally shouting across the table at each other just to be heard, making it impossible to have a nice Sunday Brunch conversation. After one particularly loud song, we finally asked the waiter if there was anyway they could take the volume down a notch or too so we didn't have to shout at each other.  That seem to do the trick. otherwise, the place was delightful!
2	St. Francis, we live in a loud world and I thought the idea of having a delicious brunch, with an equally yummy Bloody Mary, was really appealing. The food is good and the service is getting sooooo much better but what is the deal with the Jazz trio IN the restaurant???  Seriously, we couldn't even hear ourselves talk!!!  You have to figure out what you're going to be during the weekends and I don't think Jazz Club is going to do you any favors.  I really need & want a relaxed environment so will just go down the street from now on.
5	This place is fantastic. I highly recommend for brunch on weekends, we just were there in sunday they had live jazz music that was supercool. The food and service is awesome, highly recommend..... Cant wait to return.
5	Terrific food and service. Happy hour from 3-6 is totally worth it for the free children's meals and half price drinks. The french onion burger is delicious!
5	Absolutely love the encore, food and live jazz. They have the best green Chile pork I have ever had. I live their wood fired food. We also shared the French Bacon burger on fresh bread. The very best bloody Mary's ever. This place just feels right. An absolute must when we are on town.
5	First time visit on a Friday evening. The happy hour is affordable and delicious. Drinks are imaginative and flavorful. The patio is comfortable and cozy with a fireplace and heaters. We sampled our way through appetizers of Mediterranean style meatballs, veggie flatbread, and goat cheese baked with fresh tomatoes. All were spectacular. Dinner salad was crisp and fresh, and the polenta was creamy good. Hubby had the risotto which was a bit salty to my palate, but appropriately creamy. Our friends had the salmon which was moist and flavorful, and the black rice shrimp bowl which was tangy and tasty. The only bummer was the chocolate cake. The gelato it came with was superb, but the cake was so dry. Sorry. We will definitely be back. Maybe the sticky toffee pudding next time....
5	I was very impressed with the service and food. St Francis provided a delicious meal and beautiful ambiance that was just right for a group of clients after work.
5	First heard about about St. Francis on local TV show "Arizona PBS ei8ht"http://www.desertsmokebbq.com/blog/tag/st-francis-restaurant/and wanted to try it for a new date.  Parking is tight, forget the local street possibilities or the strip mall across the street and resign yourself to their valet.  Ms. D was late in arriving but we still got into their Happy Hour -(thank you Yelp'ers, this was a great tip).  I was early and at my asking The Hostess had saved us the one available outdoor seat which I knew she would want, so they accomodate special requests with ease.  We were cheerfully greeted by server Lonnie who was on top of it and got us exactly what we wanted in two flights of food and twin drink orders for a fantastic value in record time before the happy hour clock struck end.  I had been before and sought out their Grapefruit 'tinis but they weren't available, so Lonnie recommended the Ruby Reds which we selected and found to be quite good too.  The interior has a wonderful atmosphere, not too loud, pleasantly decorated and be sure to notice the architecture cable ceiled which add a modern tone to the place.  The goat cheese was wonderful, pork verde delicious and Ms. D said her onion burger was fantastic.  Total was just under $45, added 20% tip so it hit the value mark well in the bullseye.We were never pushed, politely attended too and had the perfect scenario to focus on our conversation. Wonderful for a first date, casual business meeting or possibly even an anniversary.  I don't hand out Five Stars easily but when I want to impress picky foodie Ms. D and then it all goes well, I pull out the props.  Service, food quality, variety, selection, portions, drinks, and value were all spot on.  This is not the first time I've been to St. Francis and it has been consistent so I'm calling out the rare 5 star award based on dependability and repeated service.  Thank you
5	There is nothing I don't like about St. Francis. It makes me feel good all over and is one of the only restaurants I'd actually refer to as sexy. A chic and cozy interior, fantastic music rotation and lovely beverage choices all of which provide for a dark and steamy evening out whether it's with the girls or on a date.The food is quite something. As much as I restrain myself at the average eating establishment when it comes to bread, St. Francis is different. To not eat the bread and olive oil is to deny yourself a mouthful of fluffy pleasure only found on the other side of the Atlantic. The flatbreads are scrumptious and don't even get me started on those fingerling potatoes. They crunch to perfection and hardly need the dipping sauces that accompany.To be honest, I've never been impressed with the service. But I'm still giving them 5 stars. Their happy hour is one of the best in Phoenix and they have enough going on for them that as long as the mediocre service isn't disrupting my enjoyment of a glass of wine, then we're good.
4	St. Francis is one of my favourite places for brunch in Phoenix. Its got an up class, trendy feel. American food with a pinch and pull from all over. Good brew selection, and mimosas and bloody Marys with brunch. Plus kids under 10 eat free. The staff has always been friendly. I haven't had the slow service others have complained about. The food takes a while to come out but that is no fault of the server. The servers have always asked about my drink when they noticed it low. My favourite menu item has been the eggs benedict with salmon, the hollandaise sauce is perfectly tangy and buttery! They used to be served with a side of fingerling potatoes, now they only throw a few on the plate. The pork chile verde is spicy and wonderfully seasoned. Its served with a large spoon and two slices of corn bread for the stew. I also love the cioppino; it's a spicy, red seafood stew. Definitely large enough to share IMO, and served with bread. I've also come with friends for happy hour and just ordered appetizers and drinks. The feel was great and we all left happy and warmed by the fire on the patio.
3	I've been there twice for lunch.  The food is good - I don't think I can rave about it like others, but a good, nice, trendy place to take business clients.  The second time we were there my boss had flown in from out of town and the service was terrible - so inattentive.  Drinks weren't brought out, he didn't write down our orders and had to come back and ask what I wanted to eat, etc.  I thought maybe it was because they were busy, but we had a long lunch and the waiter was still MIA even after the rush was over.  My boss had to physically GET UP and find the waiter to give him his credit card so we could leave.  I see I'm not the first to complain about slow service so hopefully it's something they can fix.
4	Great local trendy hot spot! Great food, Great Staff & Great Vibe. Very imaginative menu using fresh ingredients! Parking is limited to valet, but not a big issue. The valet guys are great...Quick, courtious & efficient.
2	Beyond the valets, who were quite efficient, we had a truly underwhelming experience at the St. Francis and would never return.   Hosting - 0 starsIncompetent and argumentative... They told us on the phone there was no wait and we should hurry over.  Arrived in less than 10 minutes and told it was now a 35-minute wait (even though 1/3 of the place was empty) and we better plan on getting drinks in the bar, .  We protested and they argued back that we took too long to arrive.  We showed them our cell phone and yes, it was 7 minutes since we had spoken.  They rolled their eyes and grudgingly gave us the huge bar table that was far too large for just the four of us.  Should have just walked out right then.Seating - 0 starsVery dark with no lighting, no menu, and no server.  Waited for a while in site of the host.  Finally, went over to ask her for a couple of menus.  It was so dark, had to use our cell phones to read the menu.  After a squinting at them for a while, still no water & no server.We're about to flee this "Bermuda Triangle" experience, but the server finally shows up and apologizes profusely that this is not normally his section.  OK - let's start again...  Unfortunately, it did not improve much.Service - 2 starsPleasant & helpful, but we were repeatedly forgotten.  Our shared appetizer didn't show until the main courses arrived.  Refills of water were slow and offers to refresh hour drinks didn't occur until we were nearly finished eating.  Took ages to get the bill paid now that the place (about 90 minutes later) had finally filled up.Food - varied* Roasted Salmon "superfood" - 4 stars ($23)quinoa, avocado, soy beans, radish, sweet chile vinaigrette were a good combination of flavors.  We enjoyed that dish.* Flatbread (which was like fluffy Boboli bread) - 2 stars ($13+ each)- Roasted vegetable version was severely lacking the vegetable toppings- Sausage version was heavy & greasy, and flatbread fell apart* Meatballs - 1 star ($15)Three dry, overcooked & overly spicy meatballs (and I normally like spice)Had heartburn all night  ;-(Plus the garlic bread served with it was so hard, it was uneatable.  We will not return.
5	I had been wanting to come back for a while.  I love this restaurant.  Last night we had a magnificent meal.  I started with the St. Francis Lemonade, a perfect cocktail to start your meal.  There are so many wonderful choices.  They are featuring a special menu for New Years, however you can order from it "a la carte", so we decided to start with the Arizona Citrus Salad.  It was delicious.  I love the combination of dates, goat cheese and orange slices.  I also chose from the special menu the sea scallops.  WOW, they were so sweet and tender.  They were served over a bed of black lentils, so amazing.  The portion was generous, 5 scallops, I am glad I didn't order the side of sweet corn polenta.  I ended up ordering dessert (yes my hubby twisted my arm, NOT).  I had the usual, Sticky Toffee Pudding and my hubby had the Chocolate Stout Cake.  I had a bite of his and it was great.  I cannot guarantee I won't stick to my usual dessert, but it was a closed one.  I wish this restaurant was closer to where I live.  It is such a great place.
4	I've been to St. Francis a few times and everything has been very good. So far I've tried the following:Goat Cheese Appetizer - Generous portion size with fresh herbs and sauceMeatballs - Another huge portion size with lot's of flavorVeggie Flatbread - A vegan dish, you won't miss the cheese on this oneMarket Vegetable - This was broccoli with a lemon aioli and bread crumbs, I normally don't like broccoli but devoured this one.Cucumber cooler - great cucumber flavor, fresh and delicious!Overall the food is quality and a great value. I look forward to trying more of their dishes. I would highly recommend St. Francis.
4	My first time in Phoenix and this Restaurant came upon a suggestion. I thought the outside looked promising and that it was more upscale, but it was cute and down up earth. Although the entry was confusing the food, drinks, and atmosphere made up for the layout. It's not overdone and affordable. I would not recommend children or kids here, because its do darn cool and sociable. Not too loud, but really a cool vibe for dinner, drinks and conversation.The bar is kinda small so get a table!!!Would definitely like another visit! Thanks Phoenix.
4	Went here for lunch.  Ordered the lemon chicken with the cous cous.  Really liked it.  Sat upstairs which was nice and warm.  The salad was very good.  The gentlemen next to me ordered the meatballs and they smelled delicious!  Would try those next time.  I would come back here again.
4	This is a gem in central phoenix.  The food is amazing!  I have only one complaint: carry more German/Belgian beers.  Every "hip" place carries local beer, differentiate yourself.  Other than that, I love this place!
5	Consistent great food & service make this a great place!
4	We had a good meal at St Francis for dinner. The forbidden rice is awesome and I am a meat guy but I keep going back for the dish. You have to know what to order here as there are some not so good items on the menu.Our server was suberb. He was friendly and knowledgeable and you got tell he enjoyed being there.
5	This place is so cool! The ambiance is delightful, the staff oh so friendly and the food INCREDIBLE! I had one of the best meals of my life here. The whitefish was flavorful and presentation was gorgeous. Highly recommend this little place and I have. Will definitely be back!
5	Last night I went there with a friend and had a perfect evening.  It's not often when I'll drive from Cave Creek to central Phoenix but this was really worth it.  I wanted to try something different from our usual places so I searched on Yelp for some good ideas.  St. Francis jumped out at me because that's the name of my patron saint so how could I go wrong there?  I made a reservation for 2 at 6:45 on a Saturday evening, Wow.  We arrived 5 minutes early so we had an actual wait of about 10 or 12 minutes before we were taken to the best table in the place overlooking the bar area.  The place was really busy and I had thought we would have a longer wait but thanks for the surprise.  Our waitress, Monique, showed up quickly and took our drink orders which also arrived quickly.  After discussing various items on the menu my date ordered the market vegetable flatbread and I ordered the green chili verde with pork chunks and with a egg on top.  We each also ordered a bowl of scrumptious pumpkin soup for a starter.  The pumpkin soup was as good as I used to get in the British Virgin Islands where it's served everywhere.  My date and I shared a bit of our meals back and forth a little.  The flatbread was fresh and loaded with great vegetables, and in spite of being something I would never order I actually liked it a lot.  The chili verde with pork chunks was incredible, it had a really good flavor with a very gradual heat buildup.  The egg on top turned out to be two of them and they made a nice contrast with the chili.  Our waitress was one of the best I have had anywhere.  Monique came by regularly to see how we were doing but she was never intrusive.  She made great recommendations, showed us great service, and there was no rush or pushiness.  We'll be back to St. Francis and I'll insist on having Monique take care of us again.  Boy, it's a long drive back up to north Cave Creek but the evening was well worth it.
5	This place by far is mine and my family's favorite restaurant.  The food is delicious which is unique and has a comfort "feel" to it.  I love the atmosphere which is warm and inviting.
4	Really good food and very fun/hip atmosphere
4	Love this place. Had the amazing veggie flatbread/pizza. You don't even miss the cheese. I need to try the veggie spicy rice - they keep touting it as one of their best dishes, but I can't get myself to commit to a rice dish for a meal.The bread they serve is to die for - I bought and took home two loaves for my family. They wrap it cutely in paper and a straw string. You just need to make sure you put it in a ziploc type bag when you get home to soften it a bit, otherwise it's a brick. Just a tad sour without it being straight sourdough bread. YUM.
4	Eggs Benedict with smoked salmon and fingerling potatoes - YES PLEASE!  This place rocks my world each time I've been here.  One of the best Bloody Mary's I've had in the valley - and I drink an obscene amount of Bloody Mary's!  The vibe in this restaurant is lofty and modern with a bit of local art and an old safe in the women's restroom.  There are nooks and crannies throughout the space featuring modern local art and graffiti yet the wooden ballasts and minimal design leave it feeling almost futuristic in design.  My favorite feature of the St. Francis restaurant is the table nestled into a class atrium beside lush leafy landscaping.  This place is a hit in my opinion with delicious coffee, amazing cocktails, superb food and inviting, hip atmosphere.
2	The food and atmosphere are great! Urban and chic. We went on a Sunday for brunch and had the scrambled eggs and the chocolate pancake.However, what put a damper on the whole experience was the service. We waited for 20 min for our check after asking for it and our bill was incorrect.  I was warned about SLOWWWWWWWW service in AZ. and now I have lived it.
5	Wonderful place, and the best part is the drinks. I'd never had anything like them. The menu is creative, and I was introduced to fingerling potatoes, which YOU NEED TO GET!  Believe me, they'll have you searching the Internet for a recipe that can somehow, perhaps, just maybe, certainly hopefully, come close to matching the wonderment in a plate. And get the pork chili verde. MMMMMM!!!
2	Can't believe how slow the service was on a Sunday at 1pm. Waited 20 minutes for a table and had to remind the hostess about our wait time. Once seated it took an hour for our dishes to arrive. I was not aware it took that long to scramble  eggs... I must be doing it wrong at home.
5	This restaurant came as a breath of fresh air after my last few disappointing outings as I explore my new town.  The menu offered creative, well-prepared, and beautifully presented fare.  The ambience was excellent.  Our waitress was friendly and our food was served promptly.  Highly recommend for a lunch or dinner with a friend, date, or on business.  One of the most pleasant experiences I've had in Phoenix since I moved here last month.
4	We came to St Francis early for brunch and had a very nice time.St Francis is about the food and the ambiance.  It's one of those restaurants that you wish you lived closer to, so you could become a regular.  The service is friendly and the wait staff has a effusive manner.We ordered the Eggs Benedict with the standard english muffins and hollandaise sauce, skipped the potatoes for $13.00, along with the Farmer's Frittata for $10.00.  Both were very good.  The Frittata's taste lingered well after our meal, but in a good way.  It was light and had a nice mixture of flavors.All the food came promptly and we had time to sit back and enjoy our meal.  It also gave us an opportunity to  browse the efforts of the interior designer and architect on the space.  I think I would call it light and breezy, as was our meal.Enjoy!.
4	I love this swanky restaurant. Their staff is friendly and it is conveniently located. My only complaining is that I am not the only one who knows, so there is often a lengthy wait. I am also not a fan of valet parking, but hey- the food is worth it! The food is amazing! I won't lie I crave their perfectly cooked fingerling potatoes with their house made aioli. If the noise level bothers you request seating outside or on the second floor. Both are perfect areas for small parties!
4	We had a great evening.... Food was delish.. Atmosphere was cool and interesting.. Highly recommended!
4	The salmon is aAmazing!! And I don't usually care for salmon.
5	You'd expect this place to be inundated with hipsters, but not too many in sight. The food is spectacular and their HAPPY hour is crazy good. 3-6 daily including weekends. The service was par, the drinks potent, and the atmosphere phenomenal. If you go BEWARE you may love it.
4	Im always looking for those trendy urban type places, So glad we finally tried this place! We came here with a couple of our friends and the inside is no neatly decorated and has a really fun and friendly ambiance. We got to talking about took us forever to look at the menu but our waitress was very patient with us. When we finally looked at the menu, the menu was short which I always take as a good sign. I love short menus.I got the "forbidden rice bowl", my bf and friend got the "chicken salad sandwich" and my friends husband got the " pork chilli verde". My rice was delicious! There were 7 different types of veggies in there and it was cooked to perfection; not too hard, not too soft, just the right amount on crisp. I didn't really like the rice. It was too strong for my liking. The chicken salad sandwich was amazing! Just the right amount of spices to cover up that chickeny flavor! And my friends husband loved his pork chilli verde. This place is the place for health nuts, vegans, vegeterians, etc! I can't wait to try their drinks! They sounded so good! We will be back soon!
5	Been here twice, once for dinner and once for Sunday brunch , both times I loved it, had the salmon over egg baked in the oven, forgot the exact name and it was delicious, their fresh squeezed oj is actually freshly squeezed!!!! Dinner was really good, we went with friends and ordered almost all the different entrees on the menu, everything was very tasty and definitely unique and healthy, love this place, looks very nice too, highly recommend it, oh and their fresh baked bread is to die for !!
4	My favorite thing about this place is how it looks on the inside.  Very cool with the red brick.  The only thing I didn't care for was the halogen lights  on the wires.  They remind me of the mall.  I know, picky. I think they were trying to be too cool with the bathrooms.   The "sink" looked like a copper plated shelf that was corroding.  The safe was pretty neat though. We first got to the restaurant for Sunday brunch they had a band playing. They were playing very loud it was very distracting. I couldn't even hear my wife talking to me sitting across from me. She agreed that the band was playing too loud it was annoying to her as well. Luckily they stop playing soon after we arrived and it was a much it was a much more relaxing experience.  Had they kept singing I would have given the place a 3 overall and would probably not be planning on going back. I am not a fan of brunch.  we got there after 1pm.  I had already had breakfast earlier.  I would of liked to have seen more dinner type entrees.  I will likely be back, but not for brunch!Now on to the food. If you are addicted to carbs you will love this place.  The bread and other backed goodies looks great.  The bake them in a wood oven.  I did not try any of the bread, but was tempted.   I had a chili verde and my wife had the salmon salad. They must have left it sitting under the broiler a little too long. Some of the top layer pieces of pork were little dried out stringy. Underneath the pieces were very tender and was tender as well. I have to say though I like the chili verde at Z'Tejas better and it's cheaper there as well. My wife said that they changed the salmon salad from he last time she ate there. They got rid of the lettuce!  The salmon was perfectly cooked but it was sitting on a bed of  cold quinoa.   Only the first few bites of salmon were warm, then it got cold.  I think it would be better if the quinoa would have been hot.  My wife liked the version with the salad much better.
5	My new favorite when visiting Phoenix! Really nice atmosphere, attentive service, great food! The burger is just awesome, the vegetable flatbread is ridiculously delicious, and the cucumber cooler is refreshing as can be.
4	Free valet parking is a huge bonus.  Happy hour food deals make it a good time to sample meals at very good prices.  Outside seating available and comfortable.  Free kids meals if they are joining you, but I rarely see kids there.
4	Super happy hour (Moscow Mule best in town), Great food, freshest ingredients...service very consistent...imaginative menuGreat appetizers (fingerling potatoes are to die for, cheese flatbread outstanding), forbidden rice dish is outstanding, hamburger is nice, hangar steak yummy, pot roast very nice too.Desserts- Sticky Toffee Pudding a must
4	Visited this place during happy hour on a Saturday.  Seated in outdoor dining area.  Even though it was cool outside, the heaters kept us warm.  Started with the baked goat cheese.  It was very good, but had a little too much tomato and not enough of the goat cheese.  I had the pork chile verde.  Not huge portions but it had great flavor and the meat was very tender.  Husband had the french onion burger and it was yummy.  The table next to us ordered the flatbread and it looked delicious.  I might have to try it next time around.  Our waiter was attentive.  I will be back in the future.
5	Dear St. Francis,If you were a stripper and 5-stars were dollar bills, I'd be makin' it rain on you right now.Thank you for a brunch feast that shall go down in history: consistency, top-notch quality, versatility, and prompt, friendly service, all to the sounds of Radiohead, The Black Keys, and Fleet Foxes.My sister and I began by splitting the homemade buttermilk biscuit, which came out on two plates (without us asking), each half-biscuit topped with a sunny side up egg and doused in creamy, delicious, herbed onion gravy. I could've sworn I was somewhere directly below the Mason-Dixon line every time I took a bite. Absolutely nail'd it.Next up was the iron skillet pancake - crisp on the outside, thick, warm and fluffy on the inside, studded with dark chocolate, topped with spiced apples, creme fraiche, and a light drizzle of maple syrup. Either this is a pancake, or those things I've been calling pancakes my whole life are pancakes, but not both. Regardless, this is the new standard to which all pancakes shall be held. Lastly, I inquired about ordering the smoked salmon flatbread, even though it wasn't on the brunch menu. They made it happily, and we demolished it, happily. St. Francis actually makes the best crust I've ever had, and topped with cheese, lemon, capers, onion, creme fraiche and smoked salmon... it makes a bagel, lox & cream cheese look like an inedible compilation of garbage.All in all, each dish was incomparable to the next, but of equal, fantastic quality and taste. Picking a favorite would be damn near impossible, so I think I'll just come back and order blindly off the menu, because St. Francis can do it all, and they do it best.*throws a handful of singles in the air*
4	Their egg sandwich is amazing. So is the bread. I just love this place.
5	The drinks are always great, food is tasty and the staff very friendly and happy that you are there. Even the valet guys asked if we had a good time. Right on. Good luck to this attractive new addition to North Central Phoenix! Even met Aaron the owner. Very nice guy.
5	St. Francis's comin' down across Central AvenueUpon Happy Hour I'll drink and wish I'm in a paradeLight of a fire grillChef cooks with a thrillComing at you on the count of 1,2,1,2,3,4! (number of drinks - wink!)This is St. Francis Restaurant and you better try it outSucculent Pork Chops that your momma talked aboutKing of the flatbreadsAnd I'm here to have a mealThe Chile Verde in my belly in this fine establishmentIt's the patron saint of the appetiteWith an angel face and a taste for great serviced foods!(Lyrics - Green Day - St. Jimmy)As I said this over and over; I don't know St. Francis, but I love this place.  Maybe that's why he's a saint.  This place rocks!  The place itself is a rustic homey feel that has an open kitchen.  Reminds me of spring time in a farm.  It's really relaxed and chill.  There's a nice patio to the East with a fire place and upstairs is another level of dining.  Complimentary valet which is recommended.I ordered the Pork Chile Verde which came with a side of corn bread.  This pork was perfectly braised and fell apart perfectly into the chile sauce.  It is pretty spicy so if you can't handle the heat -- well like they said go get yourself a beer! Right!?  My partner ordered the Pork Chops --- she didn't go wrong there.  It was perfectly done; moist in the middle and succulent!  We both shared the Goat Cheese Bites and man it hit the spot.  Nice, warm, and creamy; along with the crunchy crostini -- mmm!Service overall was a delight!  Very knowledgeable and their recommendations was spot on making our night one to remember.  St. Francis is a gem and was voting best new restaurant when they first opened back in 2010.  Ever since then their awards and accolades resonate well once you try this place out. - Enjoy!
3	One of my friends and I had perused the online menu the day before and were excitedly discussing what we were going to order on the way to the restaurant. The Yelp reviews and pictures had us very excited to try this restaurant.Our party of 3 visited on a rainy, Friday evening.  We had to wait about 20 minutes past our reservation time, but it wasn't a big deal since we were enjoying the ambiance & conversation in the little foyer.Upon being seated our waiter, whose name I fail to recall, approached our table with an undeniable energy all his own!!One of us ordered wine, one ordered a pineapple mojito and I ordered a Red Apple Sangria.  My friend was very disappointed in her mojito, saying it tasted nothing like pineapple.  My Red Apple Sangria was ok.  No real kick or distinguishing factors.  We ordered the Goat Cheese Appetizer, which I thought was delicious, but my 2 friends were not overly impressed.When our server appeared to take our dinner order, I excitedly ordered the pumpkin soup and roasted vegetables that I had seen on the online menu the previous day.  I was apologetically told that the menu had changed on Tuesday and my request was no longer available.  I was deeply saddened by this news as I am on Weight Watchers and had planned my day around this particular meal.  I then decided to try the Endless Rice Bowl with Chicken.  I thought it was declicous!  I loved the variety of vegetables and the chicken was cooked perfectly; however, you can put anything in coconut milk, and I will love it!  It was undoubtedly higher in fat & calories than what I had anticipated, but it was worth it.One of my friends requested the seafood cioppino, which had also been removed from the menu earlier in the week.  She then requested some steak dish, which she found to be too small of a portion and not very tasty.After dinner, we decided to split a dessert amongst the 3 of us.  We looked at the menu to make certain our choice from the online matched what was on the actual menu.  It wasn't.  We then decided on the carrot cake cheesecake.  Our server returned about 4 minutes after we placed our order to tell us they were out of our requested dessert, but he would buy the bread pudding for our table.Our dessert arrived hot with a nice presentation, but was not impressive as far as taste went.So- St. Francis in and of itself is a very attractive little place, with a very ecclectic decor and feel about it; however, it is not a place I willl visit again, as the only thing impressive about it was the outstanding server- Sean?
5	I am the 5 Star French onion burger & among one of the most elite in my field! LOL The meat that comes on my buns  is thicker in size than your average in and out burger, but not as salty and over powering as your Smash burger.  The meat is fresh, and juicy.  I have bacon and tons of thinly cut and lightly battered onion strings on me.  To top it all off, I have bacon, lots of fresh greens and a white sauce to play with all your senses :)  I am big enough to split with another or sufficient for those with a good appetite.
5	Fantastic! Dinner and drinks for 2 were a bit pricy, but the service and food was phenominal.
5	As a chef, I was thoroughly pleased with this restaurant.  The decor, the service, and especially the food.  This was truly a winner!  I especially loved the movies that they had playing on the patio and the open kitchen.  I would strongly recommend this to anyone who is looking for a fun and casual night out with great eats!
3	I'm really not sold on this place. I thought the appetizers that were raved about were average and unexciting. I can only recommend the entrees. The pork chop was phenomenal. Service gets an A+ as well..BUT, it was also extremely loud and dark.  I could barely hear the person sitting across from me at our tiny table, and it was too dark to read the menu.This was on a Tuesday. Very crowded, and I"m not sure what all the fuss is about.If there's a wait, go somewhere else, it's not worth your trouble.3 stars. Nothing great, but not really bad.UPDATE:They also really chinced at Devoured. Only served a salad and a drink. Really did not showcase anything worth going there for.
5	Went to St. Francis for lunch about a week ago with my team and we sat out on the patio. What a great experience! It has an absolutely amazing atmosphere and the food couldn't be better. I ordered the pork chile verde and and it came out piping hot simmering in a skillet with a side of cornbread. This is probably one of my favorite dishes there even though everything is amazing. I ordered it with a fried egg on top which I also highly recommend. We will definitely be coming back here very soon.
4	Happy hour drink prices = AMAZINGDinner was delicious. Had the baked goat cheese. This was SO good. How can you go wrong with goat cheese though....Also ate the pork chile verde which was very good and truly the cornbread was some of the best I have had at a restaurant. Usually it is too dry or dense...this bread was light, fluffy, perfectly sweet/salty. My friend had the cauliflower soup and salad. Extremely tasty and satisfying and despite being so full from dinner, we had the cheesecake in a jar to top things off. Atmosphere is definitely hipster and the building is just tucked away in the most random area in downtown Phoenix. Loved the decor and loved the openness of it all. I didn't necessarily like how loud it was inside. I don't think they can help that though. Try it out!
3	I want to apologize because I wanted to love it. Its a lovely place to eat on a gorgeous Arizona spring day. Friendy friend Diane and I had a wonderful gabfest and were treated graciously by the server, not rushed out. Di had the chicken salad sandwich and she was totally pleased. I had the French Onion Burger and was disappointed. Meat was undercooked for medium rare [and were I not a fan of 'rare' in its truest sense [rather than the current 'omg it causes food borne illness - lets get rid of all color in the burger' rare...] I would have sent it back. The meat is juicy but not seasoned enough [hardly] for my taste. The onions were not 'crispy onions' just barely cooked, bare-naked onion, the bacon/gruyere combo was deevine [I ate it sans the other half of my burger] as was the light brioche bun. I was starving and the side salad was a delicious combination of greens and veggies perfectly dressed but overall I wasn't impressed, especially when the bill came. $17 for a burger and an iced tea. Seems hit or miss and I think we had a bit of both.
4	Amazing food, amazing atmosphere and a great wait staff. Their burger will blow your socks off. Prices are medium, fresh baked bread is awesome. This is very close to a 5 star restaurant and I recommend giving it a shot if you are in the area.
4	Came here for Saturday brunch with 3 other friends. There was no wait for a table, although my friends said that was a rare occurrence. We ordered the baguette with jam and butter as an appetizer, really delicious! I ordered the eggs benedict with smoked salmon as my main dish. I loved the side potatoes!Our server was very friendly and the atmosphere of the place was really nice (except for all the flies that flew in from outside, but I guess that can't be helped). I'm looking forward to coming again and bringing my dog to sit on their patio :)
3	First time here, and I wish it was better.  I have been hearing about this restaurant from everyone, saying how good it was and how trendy it became on the weekends.  But now that I think about it, these were all things I heard circa 2011-ish, so maybe St. Francis just isn't what it used to be?That being said, I'll just jump right into what I didn't like.  We ordered the lunch special of the day, which was explained as a shrimp salad with mango salsa.  Sounds great, but what came to our table was 4 grilled jumbo shrimp on top of a couscous.  Now this was delicious, we scarfed it up, but if I was on some sort of gluten free or no carb diet, I would have been disappointed when the dish came out sans greens.  We also ordered the Morrocan meatballs, which were seasoned with WAY too much cumin.  It was overpowering.  I like the occasional cumin in Mexican and Moroccan fare, I even use it in my cooking quite often(even on steak and rib rubs) but this was way too much.  My mom and I each had a couple small bites and couldn't stomach it any longer.  I was SO sad, because the dish is on top of large balls of Israeli couscous and covered in melted mozzarella, and the cumin in the tomato sauce just overpowered it all.  Me reject melt-y, bubbling cheese?  Doesn't happen too often.It is a cute little restaurant, and we may go back, I just wanted to share what I would have liked to know before going here(because I LOVE meatballs, and for my fellow meatball lover...heads up).
4	Nice FoodNice StaffGood Environment!
5	Delicius food and a friendly and hip environment.  I really enjoyed the building, the staff, the food, and the drinks.  I highly reccomend the blood mary.  It comes garnished with an olive, a gerkin, and a pepperchini.   I had the chicken sandiwch and a salad.  My best friend also had the same.  Her hubby had a french onion  burger that looked really good.  I tasted a fry and it was very good.  The bread was amazing on my chix sandwich and I enjoyed the whole meal.  Defiately want to go back to try other items.
5	Looks like it's been about a year and a half since I did my St. Francis review. Good timing - as I was asked to suggest dinner ideas for my cousins visiting from New York. And ideas for Sunday brunch with a dear friend and her daughter. So happy we decided to come here! (Yes - two visits in one weekend - score for me!)For dinner - we arrived close to 6:30, a party of 4 with no reservations. No problem - we were seated in under 20 minutes (we got lucky!) We ordered way too much food - the four of us shared 2 apps, 3 salads and 2 entrees - as well as a few cocktails. It was all SO GOOD! Our server Barry was perfectly on point through the night - my NYC cousins were sufficiently impressed - and St. Francis retains its placement as one of my favorite Valley restaurants. Fingerling potatoes, baked goat cheese, romaine hearts, kale ceasar, beets, roasted salmon superfood and the special that night of half a roasted chicken. All prepared and plated beautifully. None of us had room for dessert - so that will be a goal for next time!For brunch Sunday - we arrived at 10:15 - I had made reservations and we were seated immediately. Cocktails and coffee for the grownups, mocktail for the daughter. We shared a baker's board and ordered the kid's pancake, smoked salmon flatbread and tomato baked eggs. There was no room for dessert - but with the lemon and pear muffin, carrot cake and cinnamon roll from the baker's board - we didn't really need it.Once again - and proving the consistency in service and food from my first review - St. Francis does it right! So happy to have it nearby - and need to keep it on my heavy rotation list!
5	Love this place!!!! Came for lunch and once for dinner. I am in love. Everything we ate was fantastic. The fingerling potatoes with fried sage and rosemary on top ate to die for! The burger was so buttery and cooked the way I ordered it... Medium/ pink, juicy and delish! The bread... Get a loaf to go $3. The pork green chili is the best I have ever had!!! Flat breads are so yum! Service was friendly, prompt and menu knowledgable. Love love love the cozy atmosphere, candles and the little accents everywhere... the patio totally is the place for me. Cloth napkins really class it up too. My husband and I are now huge fans and will be coming whenever we are in the area! Also check out the happy hour 7 days a week 3-6pm! Great prices!
4	I must admit, the food at St Francis is top notch, although the experience is a bit pretentious.  Going there for happy hour is a must, as the prices are very reasonable. The menu is limited, but more than sufficient.  I had the chicken salad, at the recommendation of the bar tender.  It was quite good.  While it comes with either fries or salad, upgrade to the fingerling potatoes ($2) which were perfect in every way. The drinks were poured with a liberal hand and the wine selection was very good.There are many beautiful people there.  It is a bit off-putting, but the food is worth the trade-off.
4	I travel regularly to AZ for business. I tend to dine in the usual places and I happen to drive by St. Francis. It's a quaint little restaurant with a foodie atmosphere. The lunch menu is simple, the food is fresh and the black Ice tea is brewed just right. Their flat breads and sandwiches have great flavor s as I suspect organic ingredients are being used. They are big fans of Arugula and so am I! So if your in the mood for hip, fresh and simple, St. Francis is the place to eat. I will have to try them for dinner next time I am in town
3	Hmmm, I'm not certain how I feel about St. Francis.  I loved the decor but...that was all that I loved.  I wasn't impressed with the fact that there is nearly NO parking...I didn't think the food was exceptional.  It was good, mind you, but...not exceptional.  And I was completely underwhelmed by the service.  I should try it again to be completely fair but...oh yea...I don't love the location either.
4	Best salmon I have had!!!! Also the cucumber cooler is bomb!!!! Love it!
5	I really like St. Francis. The space is one of my very favorites in Phoenix. They have a nice brunch and an excellent Happy Hour (last Sunday we ordered two entrees, two glasses of wine, and two beers and walked for $38.00), as well as one of the best desserts in town (sticky toffee pudding). And, we always receive impeccable service. Highly recommended! Love the little patio, too. :-)
4	I finally made it to St. Francis.  This is the place that we have often talked about going, but never actually made it.   If you are the same way, drop what you are doing and head on over there immediately!   My boyfriend brought me here for dinner on my birthday.  I loved it!  Great ambiance, definitely good for a date night on a special night!   The food was delicious.  I had the chile pork verde and he had the salmon and quinoa, both were excellent choices.  We each had to refrain from licking the plates!  =)   The food was excellent, so flavorful.   Hats off to the chef!!    Can't wait to go back and try more here.
3	While I do admit that the green chile with cornbread was pretty great. I have had a beet salad here that was also very good and a variety of other menu items and they are very consistent with their quality. If the review was strictly on food quality and preparation It would be an easy 4 stars, but when reviewing a restaurant one can't leave out some of the obvious frustrations. I love open air venues (especially this time of year), but if there is a fly infestation then it's probably best to close the doors and windows, get the exterminator out and wait until the right time to open everything back up. When I spend 1/4 of my time swatting flies away from my food I find that very frustrating. As with many other Central Phoenix corridor venues the parking is miserable as well it is a forced valet which if you happen to come with no cash on hand can leave you in a very uncomfortable and embarrassing situation. I know the fly problem is only temporary, so I will be back again...And next time I will make sure I have some cash on me for the valet.
4	When a place has over 500 reviews there really isn't much to say so I'll keep it simple.  Parking sucks, especially when you're wearing 6 inch stilettos and have to walk farther than you'd think to get in.  Atmosphere is good but a little crowded, some of the booths you're literally sitting back to back with strangers and the tables in the middle of the restaurant are pretty closely located as well.  Service was great, our server new all the details about the dishes and made recommendations as well.  Food was awesome!  Presentation was great, flavors were delicious and everything was perfectly cooked (I'd almost forgotten how a medium-rare steak ACTUALLY looked when done right!).  Moral of the story, I'll be coming back but I'll wear flats and try to get a corner table.
2	Had heard good things about this local restaurant and took my family there for brunch and was disappointed.  My eggs benedict was tasteless, even salt and pepper didn't improve what passed for hollandaise sauce.  My half finished plate and comment to the server did not result in anyone coming over to check on my comments.  My two grandsons had the best tasting entrees of the 6 of us.
5	They have an amazing happy hour.  Try the grown up peach iced tea, a baguette, and the rice bowl (with our without chicken).  Love the building they transformed as well!
4	We tried the pig dip sandwich and the salmon flatbread.  The flatbread and bread for the sandwich is made in house and you can tell.  The flatbread is actually very fluffy and more like pizza dough than other flatbread dishes seem to be.  I'd definitely try a different topping arrangement next time, the salmon is a bit much to make a whole meal out of.  It was also less smoked than we expected.  The pig sandwich was very good, and the fries were actually decent despite appearance.  Presentation overall was very nice as well.I would happily return to this fine establishment!
4	Graduation Lunch May 2nd - Edit, Good StuffWe had and unfortunate experience but the management went above and beyond to make sure the bad taste in our mouths wouldn't last.We love happy hour and dining at St. Francis and will be returning in the near future.Thanks John!
5	I love this new restaurant in Phoenix, which is a land that has been overrun by the chains! Therefore, go go go and keep this place open!All of the food is good, though I do think their bar is lacking.  They need better vodka!  Get some higher end stuff like Boyd & Blair please!  I've been here a few times and have always had a good experience.MAKE SURE YOU CHECK OUT THE RESTROOM WITH THE SAFE!! Too cool!!
4	we've been wanting to eat here for some time, and last night we had a very good experience. we made it in for their daily happy hour specials and got several drinks, an app, and 2 entrees for under 40 bucks, including tip. the warm goat cheese app was gooey, salty and delicious and comes with several pieces of very, very, very hard toasted bread. i opted for the forbidden rice bowl. it was a large portion of black rice that tasted like coconut milk (delicious) and filled with tasty veggies. even something like parsnips or radishes, i don't know, but they were excellent. i had one of their margaritas and i wish i could remember how good it was but i sucked it down in one full gulp and moved on to their beer menu!they have valet parking, but one thing i really, really, really can't stand is valet. especially "complimentary" valet because you always give them a dollar or two. and especially when the valet parking is literally 20 feet from the door. valet should be reserved for decrepit people, rich people, and lazy people...all of which we are not and i don't like giving my car to someone, even if it is to drive it only 4 feet.
4	Love.Perfect place for an amazing date :-)Delicious food, great ambiance, nice staff and a killer view. Love (again).
3	Food was okay.  Didn't really care for the texture of the meatballs and the bread was rock hard.  That said the appetizers and desserts were good.  Supposedly the pancakes are where its at so I may try those next time.  A little bit pricey for what it was in my opinion
5	Bacon and date scone was amazing. The rosemary fingerling potatoes are to die for! One of my fav places!
3	St. Francis Restaurant is one of the better dining establishments in Phoeniz, AZ.You walk into the restaurant and you will be amazed by the very modern and open architecture.  I liked the open air concept here, but cannot imagine how hot it would get in the mid-Summer heat of Arizona.  The staff is energetic and friendly.  The food is innovative and comforting.  I started off my dining experience with an amaretto margarita.  I thought it was an intriguing drink, and I was super glad that I ordered it.  It was delicious and fun to drink (although I do not typically drink).  It was refreshing, and fun to have the almond liquor mix together!  What a great combo!  Grade:  A-For my appetizer, I had the beet salad.  You got a two-collored beet salad (yellow and red), mixed with raddico, endive, and grapefruit and other delicious nuggets.  I really enjoyed the salad, as it was fresh and crisp.  My only minor complaint (see the photo) was that it was very sloppily plated and the portions were very small.  Grade:  B+For my main meal, I ordered the white fish.  This dish was complex, well prepared, and fun to eat.  It was a seared white fish, placed upon a medley of different veggies.  It was beautiful to look at and the different textures in the dish made it a different experience with each bite.  For me personally, the only drawback was those big (lima?)beans that it was served with.  It was a bit tough and difficult to eat.  Otherwise, I enjoyed the meal!  Grade:  A-.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/st-francis-restaurant-phoenix?userid=jI5grCzPrcpYgqtNVygWRQ#kFL8IsGdRelXeXDlg2njogService was energetic and generally quick.  I had a good laugh at my waiter, as he became very distracted looking at people's behinds.  He lost his chain of thought serval times.  Hah - we're all human, right?!  Expect a very young and hit crowd here.  Food Grade:  B+Service Grade:  BWorth the Money Grade:  BOverall Impression:  B
2	I went with a large group (12) for a birthday. I ordered the french onion burger and it was not as good as I remember. I feel like it had less meat. Also, our service was pretty bad. My friend Xurri R. was there with me and her review goes into much more detail. We waited very long for drinks and refills, never got any check ins. Had to ask for things and they weren't that busy. It's pretty pricey. For 2 burgers, 1 cocktail, and 1 beer it was just shy of $50 before tip. Also, they served our cake that we brought, but I had number candles which had been taped to the cake and they freaking lost one. My friend was turning 20-something and they lost the 2! WTH?
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix.  It's locally owned by one of the nicest guys you'll ever meet and he is extremely passionate about providing Phoenix with healthy, seasonal and delicious food. As a vegan, my options are usually limited when eating out, but I have to say that my favorite dish is the Forbidden Rice Bowl. And the beets (under salad & veggies on the menu) are ridiculously good!I saw somewhere that St. Francis is not "kid-friendly". This is so wrong. They are very kid-friendly.....ages 10 & Under eat FREE. St. Francis is a gem in Phoenix. They have worked hard to fill the menu with quality items and that means a lot to my family and I.My vegetarian husband loves the wood-fired pizzas here. LOVES them.Go to St. Francis today! So good!
4	We sat on the patio, which was really nice with a covered awning to block the sun. "Mandatory" valet for literally a 20ft walk. Again, this is on my ridiculous list. Just let me park my own car unless I'm in heels, and it's a mile away, and snowing, ok? The happy hour menu is pretty decent though. They offer many of the same menu items at a better price, so it' worth going at this time. They don't have a huge selection of vegetarian options, but the veggie flatbread and forbidden rice bowl were both excellent. The goat cheese appetizer I could skip next time. The tomato sauce overpowered the goat cheese and the bread that came with it was so hard and difficult to eat. I had two of their mixed cocktails which were delicious and went down all too easily. Service was pretty good. The food took a little while but I don't mind when it's fresh and tastes clean and delicious.
5	This was our first time at St. Francis and it was sooo good!  We had the French Onion Burger and the Chicken Salad Sandwich, both of which we highly recommend.The atmosphere is an industrial feel, but welcoming.  When you walk in you immediately notice the wonderful smells coming from the kitchen.
3	The service was 5 stars. Everyone from the hostess to our server Barry were great. Exceptional service. The happy hour deals are great too. Can't wait until the kid is born. I'll come back and try out a cocktail. We tried the goat cheese dip, meatballs, pork sandwich & pot roast. It was decent. Great atmosphere to chill w/ friends and to bring the fam. Kids 10 & under eat free; That seems really generous. Overall good experience...
4	This is fast becoming my go-to lunch spot. Helpful staff, forbidden rice bowl, salmon super foods. I brought a team here for a celebration and it worked great; everyone raved about the green chile and the meat balls. Stopped in on a sunday and they had live music. A Great experience.
5	This is a must go to. Glad I saw diner dives and drives
2	I came in tonight hoping for a great experience but was not impressed with the service it was slow  and I had to return my salmon dinner also we needed our beverages refreshed but unfortunately our waiter didn't have the chance to come around and when he did we had finished our meals and were ready to go. I don't think we will come back,]
5	First visit, and there will certainly be more!My mom and I went for brunch and it was so delish!First, they had complimentary valet! Thank you for thinking about your tight parking on a Saturday morning. It was nice to not have to fight for a parking spot! Then, the restaurant design is great. Although there were a lot of tables in a cozy sized restaurant, it still felt open and modern. Since it was such a beautiful day in Phoenix, we decided to sit under the grape vines! (A tropical moment in the desert.)Now onto the food: We started with the unique Cherry Vanilla Coke, it had chunks of cherries at the bottom with an almond syrup or extract and was so sweet! A fun and refreshing treat! We also shared a small bowl of their fruit salad that was tossed in an agave nectar or honey of some sort! Fresh and local, a perfect start to a bunch! My mom ordered the Iron Skillet Pancake. OMG! Perfect. Enough said. I ordered the wood oven baked eggs with braised beef. It was so exciting! The seasonal veggies for me was broccoli, cauliflower, tomatoes and peas. My FAVORITE, how did they know?! The beef was so tender and the whole thing was covered with cheese! The eggs... I asked for them well done, a hard job when it's oven baked without drying out the beef, but it was also perfect?! That took true talent! Amazing! Hats off to the chefs! As we were leaving, we noticed the bakery area. That will take a whole other review some day... I'll just say that it looked so beautiful, it looked fake. I'm still not convinced that I was dreaming it all up...
1	This restaurant used to be a fine, fun, place to frequent, however, after today, 5/26/13 this place is a haven for self absorbed arrogant host, waitstaff, and management.  We were treated rudely by the host to start with which is really a red flag to leave immediately. We were the 4th couple to be seated for breakfast after waiting in the sun for 20 mins. in the sun, while others came thru the back way and got service immediately. We ordered as soon as we could and waited 40 mins with promises ever 10 mins that our food would arrive soon...that never happened.  Everyone around us was having a grand ol' time eating while we waited patiently until we finally got the message  and fled. The waiter had no remorse and just avoided us. Though we cannot prove that we were sabotaged by waiter and host, it sure looked suspicious. The manager was sweet and tried to be helpful, but just too late. She is naive regarding the inefficiency of this restaurant, and very naive about her staff. I really don't believe this was the kitchen's fault. Someone needs to talk to the nasty host we had. If you are the owner, please have the fortitude to reply to my message. Just because you were on "Dinners, Diners and Dives," in Jan. does not give you the right to experience a big ego.  I rate this place a DIVE!!!!
2	We went because of an episode we saw on 3d.    Dissapointed.    No air conditioning, noisy neighbors without reason, i.e.  not cool kids, old ladies cackling.  The pancake was not as seen, nor the pork dip.....we will not be back
4	Being the patron Saint of all animals this place sure does a great job in cooking them.I am going to keep the review short and sweet. Made reservations through Yelp and it actually worked! Arrived 15min. prior and within 5min. we were sitting down. Sat at the balcony and we were not expecting the great view we got. A large mirror above the bar was placed strategically so as to give a great view of the cleavages down below. I for nice warm spring days in Phoenix I definitely recommend you ask to be seated here. I ordered the Roasted Salmon Superfood which was obviously prepared by the chef to cater to their Ninja clientele. It was cooked perfect (see attached photo) on top of quinoa, avocado, spinach and sweet chile vinaigrette. Afterwards I decided to treat myself to dessert and I had the Cheesecake in a jar. It was recommended by our waitress. Service was great on a busy night, Can't wait to try the rest of the menu next time I am in town and the price for the quality of the food you are getting is excellent. St. Francis, you patron saint of all animals. You definitely know how to serve the wonderful slaughtered creatures God's provided us. For that this Ninja will award you 4 Ninja stars and for Executive Chef Chris Barch, you sir are just two miracles away from Sainthood yourself. maybe on this Ninja's next visit we can bring you that much closer to God.
4	Had to run my father-in-law to Phoenix today, and so I told him I would take him out to lunch.  Having recently seen this place on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives, I though we would give it a try.We were pleasantly surprised . . . the staff was great . . . the food was wonderful . . . the only draw back was the noise level due to all of the hard surfaces.  I had the French Onion Burger and my father-in-law had the Chicken Salad Sandwich.  Mine was cooked perfectly . . . nice and juicy and the arugala add just enough to take it to the next level.  The iced tea was fresh brewed and my glass never got less than half full before it was topped off.Will definitely be back . . . Hope to try the weekend brunch items (the pan fried pan cake) and also dinner.  Why only four stars . . . the noise level . . . hopefully dinner will be a little quieter.
5	I went here with my girlfriend and we were both super impressed.The architecture is interesting right off the bat, and the decor is casual but cool, very urban modern.  They have free valet service, which is nice and makes you feel welcome.I had the Moroccan Spiced Meatballs, and they were absolutely delicious with sauce, cheese, and little pasta pearls.She had the Chile Verde Pork, served with a whole roasted green chile on top and side of cornbread.  Flavor country, population: us.Cocktails were tasty and well balanced.  My St. Francis Lemonade was amazing and I don't usually go for cocktails. My girl had a Santa Rosa, made with fresh grapefruit, pulp included!  She had another and I took advantage of the smoking hot happy hour price of a $1.50 Four Peaks Hopknot.Happy hour pricing put us at $35 for lunch and drinks, which was more than worth it.  I would expect dinner and drinks to be closer to $50 for two people.Our server was pleasant and knowledgeable about the menu, although the hostesses were not in uniforms and not easily identified as staff, so it took a little bit at first to get seated.The Pig Dip sounds like an amazing sandwich, but we'll save that for next time!5 Stars for delicious seasonal menu, friendly people, and local-first Arizona beers!
3	Our dining experience was enjoyable. Salad had a generous portion of roasted beets and a nice balance of greens /dressing.  Picture the meatball entree as three small tennis ball sized meatballs in a red sauce- seasoning has a delicious Mediterranean/Asian spiced twist.  Although the menu stated this entree comes with pearl pasta we literally searched for it in the dish- our mistake for thinking this was an Italian style meal. My salmon superfood entree was perfectly cooked and yummy. The broccoli with aioli dish brought me back to Pulp Fiction "French fries with mayo in holland ...they drowned them."  Service could have been more attentive....busy place and great spot for outdoor patio dining on a warm June night!
5	We had a lunch of  a tasty romaine salad and we spilt the salmon flatbread.  The food was some of the best we have ever eaten.Service was excellent and we were there about an hour.  We didn't have dessert because we were full from the above food.  Parking was easy with an attendant.  We sat near the kitchen and we enjoyed listening to the manager keeping things rolling.  He was loud, but he encouraged the chefs and gave compliments.  No negative comments.  We plan to make a reservation for breakfast in the near future.
3	My wife and I went here on a Thursday evening.  It was just OK all around.  The food was not bad, but overpriced for the quality.  Comparing it to something like Postinos, I think Postinos has better quality food.  I think the ambiance was pretty cool, we sat on the second floor overlooking the bar.  Although the waiter was friendly, he did not seem to be on top of his game.  Funny story:  My wife ordered a salad and asked to get it without bacon.  The waiter said "wow, you're really good at noticing details, aren't you?  Most people ask after the salad comes to the table".  We were both a little puzzled at this statement, as he seemed to be shocked that someone actually read the menu.  Well, after all that, when he brought the salad, what would ya know, the bacon was left on it.  :)  I was so tempted to be like "hey, you're not really good at noticing details, are you?"  Anyway, we let it go and my wife was like 90% done with the salad when he finally came back around and said "sorry" and gave us another salad.  A nice gesture, but it was too late at that point... two salads is one too much.  I ended up getting the meatballs.  It was unique but way too much sauce and just not the most appetizing flavor.   All and all, we have no solid plans to go back.  Nothing except the style impressed us, and there are too many good places out there.
5	Went for brunch on Mother's Day. Great environment, great service (lots of coffee refills), and very very good food. We ate the eggs Benedict, fried egg sandwich, and the pancake. I'd pass on the sandwich next time. But I couldn't see myself not getting the EB and pancake.
4	I just love the St. Francis! For starters, I'm a big fan that it is family-owned and they do garden fresh right. The cocktails are high-quality, and I especially like the Lemonade - made with vodka, pomegranate syrup, and fresh-squeezed lemonade, it's very refreshing. The wood-fired flat breads have a perfect blistered crusts and seasonal vegetables. The flat breads are high quality and my favorite item on the menu (order the market vegetable). The meatballs (Moroccan Spiced Meatballs) are delicious and so unique.  Go for happy hour and try everything, the prices are great for HH, $5  libations. The reason they don't get 5 stars is the 2nd floor is very warm.
5	Love this place! The patio is lovely. I had a kale salad with jumbo shrimp and it was fantastic. You MUST try the Coronado if you have a cocktail there!
4	St Francis is a good restaurant. The Santa Rosa is the perfect summer cocktail in Phoenix.
4	Great food, awesome atmosphere. Love this place. The salmon superfood is to to die for as well as the squash with goat cheese, a must have.
5	Went to the St. Francis for dinner with high hopes.  I was not disappointed.  Food was inventive and very memorable.  Beyond the great food was the incredible wait staff.  If you have the opportunity to meet and spend time with Libby (our drinks server), be sure to make it a point.  She, and Ryan (our waiter) made this one of the better dining experiences I have in quite some time.Ryan gave us a great recommendation, which was to order a few items and share them all.  We had the opportunity to try a few different things.  The wood fired oven cooking method is wonderful and definitely adds a special quality to the food prepared.  One of my best overall experiences.
2	Saw this place on DDD and wanted to check it out.  Went with some friends for brunch on a Saturday.Yes, the forced valet parking is a bit of a pain, but the spaces are very tightly packed together and so this way you are not going to get blocked in or anything - if you want to eat here you are going to have to suck it up/deal with it.We ordered the onion burger; the chicken salad sandwich and the pork with green chile.The burger looked good (and was cooked to the requested level of done-ness - a dying art) but my two dining guests said you couldn't taste the onions (I didn't try it), which is disappointing as the word "onion" is in its description.  The fries that came with it were excellent - I would want a side of those to myself.The chicken salad sandwich wasn't great - the bread it was between (house made in the wood fired oven I assume) had clearly been burnt and then the burned parts scraped off (you could see the knife marks on top of the sandwich.  The chicken was clearly "hand pulled" as it had a random size and good flavor, but there was way too much mayo for me - it was kind of a sloppy joe style chicken salad.I got the house salad as a side (before I tried the fries) and asked for the buttermilk dressing on the side.  The dressing never showed up and when I asked the server for it I kind of got some "attitude" like I was being difficult.The green chile pork was the best dish of the three - great flavor (we got the egg on top) and consistency.  It wasn't the world's largest portion, but it was very good.So why only 2 stars, well I think the prices charged a little high, the service wasn't great and there were issues/disappointment with two of the three entrees we ordered.They sell their house made bread (for a reasonable $3 a loaf), but nearly all of those looked burnt and so after my sandwich experience I decided not to take one to go.
3	We wanted to be impressed, but weren't. The food was a bit better than A-OK, but the service sucked.  Partner and I had a drink each and a couple of beers. We shared an appetizer, salad, entree, and dessert...tab with tip was $120 and I think that's more $$$ (not $$).  It wasn't over the top..food was tasty and prepared well, but we were expecting one of those "blown away" experiences.  Between the time the salad arrived and the time the waiter took the entree order, it was THIRTY FIVE MINUTES!  This was a Friday evening...it was busy, but not full, and they didn't appear to be under staffed.Atmosphere was above average.  The entire vibe was really nice...a bit eclectic.  They scored a "5" on that piece.Overall, maybe over-hyped and value for the dollar was off.  Many other places to choose from and we probably won't repeat the visit.
4	Two words. Pig Dip. Two more words. Order it My wife andI went on a date night and on the lightrail, I did a search and found out how close St . Francis is.Greeted by a hostess, we were painfully early for our reservation and they were slammed. We weren't in any hurry so we took a couple of chairs at the bar. They have Flagstaff Brewing Co. Red!  We previewed the menu and asked some questions. Then, we got to sit down upstairs (after a second Red). We ordered starters, a s roasted squash with honey, jalepeno, almonds and goat cheese. We ordered the corn soup.  Both...delicious.We waited a bit long for our appetizers to come, but it gave us a chance to catch up after a long week. The only issue, almost predictably, our entrees came and we had to rush through finishing our starters. The corn soup has a nice hint of spice withe roasty corn sweetness. It was a little under seasoned in the salt department, but a small pinch took care of it. The roasted squash was the star here.My wife chose the pork chile verde and I did the dip with fries and what tasted like a homemade chipotle ketchup.  The pig dip is perfect. On pickle would have been a nice add, but...that's nitpicking. It's the best pulled pork and cheese with pork broth on great crusty bread goodness a man with a waisteline should have.  Oh so, piggly wiggly good!The fries were homemade and the ketchup was excellent. My second red ale washed my palate. The pork chile verde was delicious as well (we swapped bites). My spouse and I cleaned plates and then shared the date bread pudding with the vanilla gelato and caramel sauce. Make sure they have fresh coffee brewed before you order dessert because we couldn't stop eating it and it was gone before the coffee got back to the table.Thanks St. Francis for a lightrail treat on Camelback Rd.
3	My wife ordered the chicken salad sandwich which was a different take on chicken salad (little to no mayo) and pretty good. Her sister ordered the burger & was unimpressed. I ordered the DDD featured Pig Dip & was very disappointed.  The bread to meat ratio was disturbing (bready sandwiches disturb me :) & my first bite was uninspiring. The fries along side were piping hot but the sandwich was lukewarm.  The melted cheese was melted no more but appeared to have been sitting, waiting for the fries & turning into chewy mess. I mentioned the temperature to the waiter & he said he'd get me another.  A few minutes later he returns with a sandwich missing a bite. I expressed my disappointment that they re-heated my sammy at which point he tells me that the sandwich isn't supposed to be very hot in the 1st place. I was confused.  They did offer to replace my once bitten wich with something else so I chose the Pork Chili Verde. Now I'm on board, tender pork chunks in a thick spicy red sauce.  This dish was very satisfying & after I chopped up the roasted jalepeno it left a nice spice in my mouth well after my last bite. I would highly recommend this.The Pig Dip situation left a bad taste in my mouth (pun intended) but overall it was a decent experience. Restaurant was clean with a good atmosphere & our waiter was very good. Will I go again, maybe, but definitely not a place I'm already planning my next visit to.
3	Loved the food and the atmosphere, but I have just one thing to say to the management and owners of St. Francis:BUILD A BIGGER RESTROOM.Seriously dudes, when you step away from your table, you want to use the restroom, and get back to your table and rejoin the conversation.  You do NOT want to have to go and wait in a line that is five people deep just to get to the ONE restroom....You have too many tables and too much business to only have one mens room, and one womens room.  Some basic capacity planning would be a good idea here.
5	I had St. Francis recommended to me several times before I ended up going.  Don't wait, go to St. Francis, it is worth your time and money.  St. Francis is good from top to bottom, side to side.  The ambience is wonderful and really fits the Phoenix location well.  Everything I have eaten here is excellent.  My personal top three are the Moroccan Meatballs, the Fingerling Potatoes, and the Pig Dip.  They are all three dishes that really show what St. Francis is all about and the quality of food they create.  All food is seasonal and prepared by intelligent professionals that are truly passionate about food.  Check out their happy hour and Market in Downtown Phoenix too.  Don't miss St. Francis!
4	Best burger I have had in awhile.
3	I like St. Francis but I usually feel like I'm paying too much for what I'm getting. I went with a group for brunch and it was $9 for a mimosa--a bit excessive when down the street at Hula's or Maizie's, I can get a mimosa for $2! I've also been here for happy hour and although everything was pleasant and enjoyable, there's nothing that I can't wait to go back for. I had the green chile with eggs and it was really good. However, like all green chile, it falls short of Dick's Hideaway. I also tried the biscuits and gravy; it was nice but fairly bland. The ambiance is neat and I love the decor of the restaurant; I just can't say that anything has stood out to me.
4	Great place with a lot of character. Love the old historic building it has so many different options for seating. There is usually a little wait but it is worth it. The food is great especially the flat breads and a mice bottle of wine.
4	I am in love with this place. I finally visited on a lazy, hot, and beautiful Sunday. I enjoyed the misters and breezes as I sat at the outside bar. The bartender Silk was amazing, attentive, and can make a delicious drink. The coronado drink which is a combination of cherry bourbon, elder flower, agave, and one other ingredient that I forgot, rocked my world. This was during happy hour and this delectable drink was only $5.00. I tried the goat cheese and bread, and fell in love with this dish after every bite.  Overall, this is a sexy, chic, and fun place to people watch, eat yummy food, and drink strong drinks!!!Cheers
5	Casual hip place! Staff very friendly and knowledgable, and most importantly...the food was top notch delicious! We went for dinner, next time want to try St Francis for Brunch!
4	I was on a business lunch and in charge of picking a place, so naturally I looked for a place on the pricier side. Just kidding (not).St. Francis was a fabulous pick. The menu piqued my interest since it offered a variety of healthy options and curious flavor pairings. I ended up with a salad that had nuts, beets and avocado, and I added chicken. it was perfect! My coworker ordered cauliflower soup which sounded unappetizing not only because I dislike that veggie, but because it was 113 degrees Fahrenheit outside. Even so, I was coerced into trying the soup and was pleasantly surprised by how much I enjoyed it.My one complaint is I was sitting next to a sign that said something about St. Francis having the best bread in Phoenix, but I never got a bread basket to see what the hype was about!PS: It wasn't even expensive.
2	So, after several trips to this place I figured I would pen a review.  You know what they say, one happy customer tells ten friends and one unhappy one tells 100.  Here are my thoughts:  First outing was for breakfast, party of four-food was good, service was pretty good as well.  Little pricey for breakfast, but we had drinks...Second visit, dinner and it was just ok.  food was good, atmosphere was good, service was lacking (especially for what they charge for food and drinks).Third visit, party of three for dinner-short wait at the bar for a table, ordered an old fashioned and it was pretty mediocre.  Were seated after ~15 min, hostess brought us menu's and indicated we would be served shortly.  After making eye contact with several of the waiter's passing our table, and leaving the menu's hanging off the table, in the universal sign that says "we're ready to order", I got frustrated and decided to leave.  On the way out I mentioned my experience to the hostess and she gave me a doe eyed look and asked if I wanted to speak to the manager... At that point I was hungry and in no mood for that discussion.  Went down the street to the Windsor and had amazing service, good drinks and a great night.  I feel I've given this place a fair shake, and have no desire to return.
3	Not sure why this restaurant comes up under "dog-friendly" when it clearly states no dogs and I called today and confirmed, Makenzie said no dogs allowed.
1	I stopped in today since I was driving by. I was seated immediately by a friendly young lady. I had plenty of time to look over the happy hour menu. Seven minutes after being seated I still had not been offered a glass of water or drink. As I was walking out I noticed what must have been the chef and a majority of the wait staff huddled in the corner. Hope your meeting was worth it, because you have lost my business for good. No plans to return.
5	I get the meatballs every time I go. It is hard to try anything else, they have perfected the art of the meatball. Atmosphere is definitely 5 star worthy. Great place to take a date, or celebrate an event with friends.
5	1. They have an awesome happy hour, with their best menu items. 3-6pm, I believe.2. Service has always been good, every time I have been there. 3. You get free dessert on your birthday.4. Most importantly, the food is delicious. I have yet to get something I am disappointed in there. Flatbreads, amazing. Forbidden rice, delicious. French onion burger, omg. It goes on and on. They also change up the menu depending on the seasons, which can be a bit of a bummer if your favorite flatbread goes missing, but they always are adding new amazing dishes.One of my favorite places to eat in the Valley.
4	Absolutely one of the best date-spots in Phoenix. The menu has a little bit of everything. from light and healthy, to decadent and rich. The service is (usually) very good, and the ambiance is quiet and candle-lit. Keep in mind- if going for dinner and drinking wine and appetizing. it can get pricey.
5	Absolutely loved this place...  The menu is reasonably priced and the food was excellent.  The ambiance was very cool and I can't wait to go back.
5	A business colleague and I were visiting Phoenix and when we asked for dinner recommendations, St. Francis was one of two. The local pointed out that St. Francis largely uses locally bought veggies, in particular, while also having great food.Walking into St. Francis, it's clearly an eclectic, fun environment. The menu is just as attractively unusual -- and every appetizer, drink and dish we ordered was delicious and full of flavor.The goat cheese appetizer wasa good -- the meatball appetizer was great. The almond margarita was unique, tasty and strong. We also had the roast chicken and pork chop - both were excellent. It seemed a little unusual to have just a piece of chicken on the plate, but the "sides" were under the chicken, and on top. The flavor was amazing - the fresh veg made all the difference.The service was friendly and attentive, knowledgeable about the menu, and ready with recommendations. We happened to go at happy hour, which features an impressive range of options - bonus!Can't wait to return to St. Francis next time I'm in Phoenix.
5	This place is amazing! Came here with my mom and sister while they were visiting from Chicago. We shared the fried egg sandwich, the eggs Benedict with smoked salmon and the iron skillet pancake. All three items were delicious. The best part was the fresh made bread on the Benedict and egg sandwich. I can't wait to come back for the salmon flatbread!!!!!
3	I came to St. Francis last week for a birthday celebration. The ambiance of this place is very cozy. Our table had the very delicious Fingerling potatoes for an appetizer, Salmon flatbread, Pig Dip, Roasted Salmon Superfood, and the Roasted Chicken. The standouts were the potatoes, the salmon flatbread, and the Pig Dip. The Chicken was very disappointing, not really flavorful, and a little bit undercooked in places. The service was excellent. Never once did our table need to ask for refills and were very attentive without being annoying. I would have given them four stars, but I think they are a bit pricey for the type of food they serve.
4	Solid, consistently well made food, in an architecturally beautiful building with good parking.  Very kid friendly with a toy box for kds to rummage through and healthy kids meals on menu.  Kudos to them!
5	We stopped in for an afternoon lunch, and were not disappointed. The wine and cocktail menu is awesome, and the food was just delicious. I especially loved the cauliflower soup, and have actually been craving it lately! We'll be back soon, I'm sure.
4	Great breakfast burritos and various fishes.  Enjoy a Mimosa or a Bloody with your eggs...
2	Noisy, chicken special woefully under seasoned.....since when is risotto crunchy?  I wonder if the chef bothers to taste the food he is serving.  Would not return, there are many far better options in the general vicinity.
4	My hubby and I came here for brunch and it was delightful.  The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because our server was less than excited to be at work and I am pretty sure he was hungover....but the food more than made up for it.  We started with a bacon date scone, we wanted the cinnamon roll but they were all out.  The scone was delicious. My husband had the iron skillet pancake which was beyond amazing!  I wanted the eggs benedict, but they were out of that as well, so I had the biscuit and gravy and it was really good.  For dessert we shared the sticky toffee pudding and it was wonderful.  We will definitely return!
3	I'm still a fan even though, my last meal really missed the mark.My friend took me here yesterday for an early birthday dinner and as usual the service was great. We had some delicious cocktails, the fingerling potatoes were amazing as always and dessert (sticky toffee pudding) is always a winner.We each ordered a different flat bread pizza and split them. She ordered the salmon which was amazing, I ordered the Mama's Meatzza which consists of prosciutto, sausage, bacon and, in my opinion the mistake, meatballs.I saw this on the menu and it sounded great, but what they fail to mention on the menu that its the same meatballs they use in their meatball entree - which uses Moroccan spices. Had I known that, I wouldn't have ordered it. I don't like thatflavoring on meats, especially when I don't expect it. It didn't go, it over powered everything else. I wouldn't order it again. I should have sent it back.If this was my first experience here, I would have given it 1 or 2 stars. Because I have been here many times, I would only take off one star, but I took off two for failing to mention the Moroccan spices on the menu description.
2	Went to St Francis last week for the first time with three of my friends.  The menu is limited.  The cheapest thing is a burger or pizza for twelve dollars.  The burger was terrible, over cooked and lacked flavor.  The pizza was better.  One of my dinner companians had the pork tenderloin. It was very good , a bit spicy but very tender.  The wines are pricey , nothing under eight dollars. Parking is pretty bad unless you go late at night.Probably won't be going back anythime soon.
5	We dined here with friends last night and we had such a wonderful experience. Everything starts with our amazing server Kayla - she was funny, knowledgeable, and timed her visits perfectly.The food was awesome - meatballs, salmon, chicken, squash soup, baked goat cheese, all divine. We highly recommend St. Francis!
3	So after trying a few more things I've come to the conclusion that this is a nice swanky place to dine at for atmosphere, not so much for food.I tried the meatball dish from their happy hour menu.  I think its cumin, but one of the flavors is just overpowering.  The bread it comes with is rock hard, not sure if you're supposed to soak it in something?  It  was a bit overkilled..  The flatbread pizza was good.  The cheesecake in the jar was not very good - more like cheesecake pudding in a jar..  The sticky toffee pudding wasn't bad but could've used something nutty or salty...  something.Brunch was terrible.  I had the Eggs Benedict with prosciutto.  The hollandaise sauce was barely holding the emulsion when I got it and didn't taste like much of anything.  The dish overall was bland and could have used some freshness - asparagus, parsley?  It was just heavy and blah.  The biscuit and gravy dish was a disappointment as well.  The biscuits were not fully done in the middle.  The sausage was actually good, but they were too stingy with it which resulted in another bland and heavy dish.
4	Really fun place for happy hour with a good number of food and drink options at reasonable prices.  Cheap tap and bottled beer, mixed drinks (very good), and 1/2 off wine glasses. The happy hour portions are tasty and large enough to leave you full.  Service was so-so but not bad enough to prevent a return visit. Nice staff but took a while to get our orders and bring back drinks and checks.  We came on a Friday evening and there was quite a wait as we left, so plan accordingly. There's free valet with the obligatory tip.
4	Very nice. Stopped in for dinner on a busy Friday night and we had a great time. The almond margarita is really excellent, with an unusual flavor and delicious taste. The vegetable flatbread is relatively healthy and light - good option if you're avoiding meat. The French onion burger is really tender and delicious, and I liked the thick cut fries that came with it. The pork chile verde is spicy and yummy, with a great cornbread on the side. The chicken salad sandwich is good, but I'm not sure if it's worth getting again. The other menu items are so good and promising that i think the chicken salad sandwich is a little too boring in comparison.The service was a little slow, and I thought the seating was a bit crowded. Overall, very nice. I'd go back (especially for happy hour).
5	What a lucky break to be driving down Camelback road on a Sunday morning looking for a breakfast place and stumble upon the St Francis.  Very grateful the Good Egg was standing room only. We walked across the street and we were glad we did.  The eggs benedict and biscuit and fennel sausage were both excellent.  Service was quick and friendly and the atmosphere exceptional with a live jazz group.   Sipped a perfect Bloody Mary while we were waiting.  Felt like we were on vacation.
4	Very good food and very friendly service! Kids eat free every day all day too. Awesome! We liked the ambiance as well.
4	Who knew Phoenix had such a little gem.  I met a friend there while visiting the area.  We had not seen each other for 15 or more years and it was perfect.  I mean the lighting, the sound level, the atmosphere was spot on.  We only had drinks and apps but they were as good as the space.  The fingerling potatoes and baked goat cheese appetizers were enough. Portions on the apps we had were big and between the two of us we ate the goat cheese and had plenty of potatoes left over.  Do not order those as your own app, you need to share that one.  I can not rate the entrees but will return and try them next time I am in Phoenix. Oh and the valet parking is free, I always love that! And of course I did tip them.
4	Pork Chile Verde was amazing. My son had the French Onion burger and he said it might have been the best burger he has ever had.  That said we will be back for sure.
5	YUM! Saw this place on food network and decided to check it out when we were in town this summer. Coming from Flagstaff we were a bit put off by the mandatory valet parking, but we can deal. The drinks were delish, the food was great. Loved the cheesecake for dessert. Highly recommend making reservations especially in the summer or you'll be waiting outside as their isn't much of a hostess area.
3	For a place that defines itself by a wood fire grill, not many items make use of it. Many of the dishes are crafted well enough, but nothing stands out and everything seems... Average. There's nothing wrong with average, but the price tag was too high for just an average meal.The desserts, however, were not good. The sticky toffee pudding was a dry brick.The atmosphere was nice though and the cocktails were yummy.
4	Very nice place, good vibe.  Food was very good.  Salmon was excellent, chili verde was very good, Pig Dip sandwich was very good (and a big portion); fingerling potato (Small Bites) was not so small, but very good as was the baked goat cheese appetizer.  Salads were very good.  We'll definitely go back to try some of the other dishes.  Service was a bit slow and it was not that crowded, not sure what was going on, but noticeable wait time for drinks between courses and the longest wait was for our check.  All in all a really nice experience.
3	This is partially a review about Server-dude or Server-dudette. You know that server. The one who thinks they're too cool to be serving or they're just miserable. I'm pretty sure I had that server tonight. No smiling, no personality, seemed completely uninterested. Classic Server-dude or maybe he is just too introverted and should look into other job options. I'm not even gonna bullsh*t you, I know server-dude because I've been server-dude. And guess what, I don't serve anymore. Because I'm too cool? No, I'm a complete nerd, but I just didn't enjoy serving people so I came off as a prick sometimes. Anyway, I'll get back to server-dude.St. Francis has a very nice ambiance as others have said. I'll give it that. The food was good. It didn't blow my mind or anything but it was good.We had the baked goat cheese to start. A tomato and goat cheese concoction served with crostini. I liked it but it wasn't anything too different from other goat cheese/tomato creations I've had.For dinner, I went with the Pig Dip. It's a French dip but instead of roast beef, the sammie consists of pork product. Pork loin, prosciutto, bacon. Very good. I would have preferred it for lunch more so than dinner though. That's not their fault, I'm just throwin' it out there. So back to my pal server-dude. My dinner was dropped off by a runner or another server. I had one last swig of my beer. Of course I took that swig after my food was dropped off thinking my server would come back shortly to check on us and I could ask for another one.... Nope.I had to drink the clear, tasteless liquid throughout most of the meal. I wish I could tell you I'm talking about vodka, but No, I mean water. There's a time and place for everything and this was the time and place for my beer. Alas, I was with none.I was nearly done with my dinner before the server came back to our table. I didn't break out my stop watch but I'd have to say it was at least 15 min easily. That's a long time to be without beer. When he finally came over and asked if we wanted another round of drinks I told him not to get me another because I was already almost done. I was already irritated and wouldn't enjoy the beer anyway. Night ruined... Ok, not entirely, but I was disappointed because overall the food was pretty good but ol' dude was just a downer. I had a 3 star night, but I'm sure this place is a solid 4 on the regular.
4	Pretty cool cozy place on Camelback.  Try the salmon, very tasty!
3	Came back here for what I heard was a good Sunday brunch.  Brought my girlfriend and another friend.  I was told the skillet pancake was good and it was.  Drenched with berries and whipped cream and the cake itself was soft, but dense.  That said, not enough food for me by itself.  My friend ordered the American breakfast and gave it average reviews (the bacon was a little flimsy).  I'm not a coffee drinker so I can't attest to this one way or the other, but my girlfriend and friend both HATED the coffee.  They had a live jazz band which was cool, though I had to shout across the table for my friend to hear me.  The ambience of the place is still pretty cool, but the food still doesn't match the hype in my opinion.
5	The hubby and I came in late the other night after bingo, and we were starving.  I have been wanting to come here for a while, so I was excited and it was as good as I could have expected.  Our waitress was so sweet, the food was so good, the drinks were amazing, and the bill wasn't too bad at all! I started with a dirty gin martini, it was spot on.  We had the fingerling potato app, oh man the aoili and ketchup were so amazing with the potatoes.  The pork chili verde meal was very good, the corn bread made it for me, and the pork was cooked so well, tender as can be.  The meaty flat bread my Hubby had was bacon heaven, so tasty.  I can't wait to come back for the sticky toffee pudding.
5	Wow. The food is beyond perfection. They really seem to understand how to begin with the best ingredients and to properly match all parts of a meal to create a masterpiece. I love the salmon super food entree, but the menu does seem to change so be ready to be impressed by new, delicious and healthy discoveries.
5	Fingerling potatoes!
4	Went here on the back of seeing this on the food network. went for brunch, I had the french onion burger and it was very good. I wouldn't be fan of seating upstairs as it was like been on a bouncing castle. All in all it was a very positive experience
4	Great service, very kid friendly and the food was pretty good!  It was loud but that's good with kiddos :)
5	Wonderful dining experience.  Down to earth, warm, homey service.  We got an A #1 waitress and the assisting waiters were just as nice.The baked goat cheese was just fantastic.  We also had the risotto with pork belly.  Unbelievable.  I savored every bite.This is a multiple visit restaurant.  We've gotta taste some other dishes that looked great.
3	The atmosphere was pretty trendy and nothing out of the ordinary  for Phoenix. Nothing to write home about. We were seated within two feet of another couple even though there were many other tables open. It was uncomfortable and we got up and moved to another spot and the waiter seemed a bit put out because I guess we didn't ask first? The food took around 20-25 to come and the waiter didn't come to check with us or to tell us the food is on it way. However the French Onion Burger I ordered was wonderful. It was very flavorful and the bread wasn't thick and heavy. The Chicken Salad Sandwich was also very good but left me a bit wanting. Overall the food was good.  The service not so much and it was very cold too, and I hate to be cold when I eat. Weird I know but there it is.
4	I had a very enjoyable evening here attributable to the atmosphere, service and creative dishes and cocktails.  Also sampled some deserts and found them as good if not better than the entrees.  Definitely will return.
3	Good
3	Went here for restaurant week and thought the place was very cool inside but we weren't blown away by the food. The baked goat cheese was good but our apps & salads came only a few mins before our entrees so we didn't have much time to enjoy them. The pumpkin soup was awesome but the pork was way under seasoned. The salmon was cooked well which if often hard to do. The chocolate cake was beyond dry and almost not edible and they ran out of the toffee desert by 830 on a not so busy Tuesday. We will probably go here again but try some others items
4	Went for lunch earlier in the week. Love that they serve the Restaurant Week menu at lunch, not just dinner. Food was spectacular as usual.  Food/wine pairing recommendation was excellent. I was pleasantly surprised how well the Merlot went with the salmon's spicy seasoning. I am taking one star off for the crack in the wine glass they brought to the table. It was very noticeable, so someone was not doing their job right.
4	Saw St Francis on Food Network. Came here for Sunday brunch 3 times and enjoyed live Jazz and have also sat out on the patio. Did dinner here once. Corn bisque was amazing. Pig Dip - overrated and quite honestly I found it bland. Forbidden rice bowl - yummy. Get the potatoes no matter what- they are probably one of the best things on the menu. Don't miss the Eggs Benedict with prosciutto at Sunday brunch. Pass up the cinnamon roll again over rated in my opinion as are their desserts. But, Definitely worth eating here. Great decor/design, servers are friendly and prices are what's expected for downtown Phx. Great little spot.
5	Pig dip and pancake were life changing. Fig and bacon scone was a close third. This place rocks!
5	Best burger ever! Every plate of food I have ordered there has been pretty amazing. Really cool atmosphere and my boyfriend is planning on having his next birthday party there.
4	really great service , really tasty food ....wish I was local as I would return
5	Great food and a great atmosphere. We love going there for Sunday brunch...kids eat fee
4	We had a great time at happy hour! The market veggie flatbread was delicious! We also loved the Goat cheese app with baguette. The service and atmosphere were lovely, I would recommend sitting outside when weather permits!  Do not miss dessert...you will be mad later.  Um cheesecake in a jar? YES!
5	Experience so fantastic if I find myself back in Phoenix again I will make it a point to stop by. Recommended by the innkeeper at Mariposa Manor (B&B walking distance away) the night before board certification examination. Recommendations by waitstaff were top notch and I got exactly what I wanted based on the mood I was in at the time. Delicate flavors, locally sourced items when possible and a vegetarian friendly menu all made this a wonderful experience. My water glass was kept full. My server was attentive without being intrusive. Ambience a little noisy but not distractingly so.
3	St Francis was the location of special date a few weekends back. We booked a table using OpenTable (on Yelp) for a Saturday and were promptly seated. I was stoked given the rave reviews and looked forward to a romantic dinner.Until we were seated three feet away from a table of shrieking teens. Six of them. (Eventually they left, and our dining experience remarkably improved. The volume returned to normal dining levels and it was possible to converse.)Big shout out to Barry, our server, for doing everything possible to smooth things over. Even tho I had asked a manager (she was walking by) for an emergency Diet Coke (I forgot to eat all day) it was Barry who whisked it nano-seconds to our table. Barry also had a fresh Diet Coke at our table before a butterfly could possibly breathe. Our water glasses were never empty and our subsequent drinks were refreshed promptly.Glass service is, in my opinion, a great indicator if a server is paying attention to your table. Barry was like frost on a window in winter. (A reference lost on Phoenix folks.) Except we never saw him unless it was necessary. He's that awesome.St. Francis is a restaurant that will feed you and feed you well. (Big portions! Yummy stuff!) I'm not kidding when I say "big portions". We shared the fingerling potatoes after scarfing a baguette down. There are enough potatoes on that plate to easily feed a family of four. (Seriously!)We taste tested the Pork Chile Verde & the Pig Dip sandwich. I think if I had eaten the sandwich first I might have liked it more (as the cheese would have been warmer). I was wowed by the chile. I had to stop myself and remember to share. (It's not nice to eat all of the food when you're sharing :) We sat on the main ground floor. I'd like to check out the outside bar / patio area next time. (Very cute!) I'd recommend booking a table alongside the walls if you're booking online. We were seated in the middle section. (We had traffic going both ways.)The drink menu surprised me. St. Francis mixes a fabulous "Dark & Stormy"! We used to hunt around Manhattan trying to find the right ginger beer to make these. The Mixologist here has it down perfectly!
4	Been here a couple times. Delicious flavors and the happy hour has a nice little menu and drink selection (both wines and draft beers). Love the fingerling potatoes!!! I really enjoy it when I come, but it just doesn't completely stand out to me which is why I didn't give it 5 stars. Still a great place though and I suggest you try it!
4	Great place!  The atmosphere is great and the service is friendly and attentive.  The food is fresh and unique with a healthy flair.  The almond margarita is to die for and you must get a dessert.  Toffee Cake is a great one.  We loved the toffee cake so much they gave us the recipe.
4	Had a wonderful time at St. Francis last night.  A friend in town and did a re-do of the visit we had in April and the second time around was very enjoyable.Staff and service were very good.  Taylor did a great job!  A couple of others assisted him when he was busy.  He was knowledgeable about the food and beverages and sometimes it stuns me to realize how much wait-staff have to keep filed in their brains to fill us all in when we go to eat.  The drinks at St. Francis are unique and delicious.  Hubby had the Bisbee - a tamarind syrup and vodka beverage that he enjoyed all evening.  Friend had a glass of red wine and I opted for the Santa Rosa with the grapefruit juice, vodka, and muddled basil.  Delicious concoctions...compliments to the bar!Our food was overall very good!  Clear winners included the baked goat cheese appetizer - hot and creamy with a little tomato tang and finished with basil.  The stuffed peppers were outstanding - the pepper, the stuffing, and the sauce were all great on their own, but together they were delicious - I could eat them for breakfast!  The cheesy polenta was good...my memory of the last visit was that it was better then but I couldn't put my finger on "why" that was - but I have to say it was still a very good and wonderfully creamy dish and I'd order it again in a heartbeat.  We shared our entree's and by far the tops we had were the meatballs.  At first the sauce was sizzlingly spicy but the meatball was scrumptious and toned down the sauce; combined they were probably the dish I liked best all night.  I had a seared salmon served with a quinoa salad under the fish.  Fish had just the slightest fishy taste - but it was cooked to perfection with a nice golden crunchy outside and moist flesh inside.  Hubby had the Forbidden Rice dish and it was the weak link; not a lot of flavor and the black rice, although tasty, was just a little under-cooked.There were some timing issues; food came out too fast - we didn't have time to finish one course in a relaxed way before the next one arrived and we wound up with a table overflowing with dishes of partially eaten food while the new ones were arriving.  Now granted...we ate it all anyway, but that did "rush" it a bit.  We saw that at other tables too...so the kitchen maybe needs to tweak that a bit with the staff.We didn't have it...but the table next to us ordered the pork chop and I don't think I've EVER seen a thicker one!  Had to be close to 3" thick and full as we were, we would have loved a nibble of the chop as he was cutting it.  It looked very good.Overall...a great night...glad we went back!!!
3	This place is honestly nothing too special. They do have a decent menu with a couple stand outs but the prices are too high for what you get. I would describe the service as pretty hit or miss. They definitely are one of those places that live on reputation instead of actually delivering. Recipe for disaster if you ask me. I believe they were on some food network show as well... Don't go there thinking you are going to be blown away by the food though. Pros:- cool atmosphere- some good food- plenty of seating- good beer selectionCons- rude servers- wait times- too expensive
5	St. Francis is one of our favorite restaurants in the Central Phoenix Area.  We made reservations for our wedding anniversary. Amy and her staff were super and took really great care of us.  We can't thank her enough, and highly recommend that everyone at least visit once.
5	I love the food! This is our Sunday brunch spot! Complete with fresh squeezed oj mimosas, amazing breakfast(we've tried everything on the menu!) and you get to listen to live music! The atmosphere is amazing & we love it!!
4	Went for a Saturday brunch.  Website is excellent for doing your research on the place. Parking is a negative.  Why valet parking when your car sits in front of the entrance?  Architecture and ambiance is a plus.  Very fresh and innovative.  A little noisy, but OK. Service was excellent.  The food:  Eggs benedict smoked salmon was one of the best according to our friend. Pumpkin soup and salad a clear winner.  The Farmer's frittata could have used some more veggies. The cinnamon roll was disappointing--very doughy and not flavorful. My iron skillet pancake was fantastic as was the bowl of that magical pumpkin soup. Would recommend this place for brunch, lunch, happy hour or dinner.  Always a winner for us but be careful what you order as not all offerings on the menu are winners.   A little fine tuning is needed.
1	It was girls night out for us and been wanting to try this place.  I ordered a chicken dish and  took a bite and noticed something didn't taste right.  I pulled it out of my mouth and found a string of metal!  I returned the dish and complained to the waitress.  She looked at it and said, 'oh it's probably just the piece from the sponge they use to clean the pots!'   By then I was completely sickened by the fact she said it was from a sponge!  They didn't charge for the dish, but won't go back because I'm a complete germaphobe!  Ugh...feel like throwing up just writing this review!
5	Came in on Saturday for dinner, spectacular green chili pork with a side of the sweet corn polenta! On my way back to try the lunch menu today.
4	We went for dinner on a Thursday night. I called for reservations at the time I wanted, and they were full, but was told 1/2 the restaurant was open. We walked right in when we arrived. The baked goat cheese was amazing! We ordered our dinner, and were waiting and I had a problem with my drink. It was removed immediately and was given a new one. It was taken off our bill, and they got me a $25.00 gift certificate. I tell you customer service goes a long way with me, and I really enjoy this restaurant. They use locally sourced produce, and make their own breads. We will be back!
3	I visited St Francis for lunch with a couple girlfriends. Kinda pricey for lunch, but we knew what to expect and wanting to try it out. Luckily, a couple of us with smaller appetites were able to split our Pig Dip sandwich without any fuss from the staff or 'split' charge you sometimes see at more upscale places. They even served it on separate plates and gave us each our own basket of fries. The sandwich was quite yummy and we enjoyed a couple brews, as well. We sat outside on a beautiful day and their patio is quite cozy and nice. I'll probably be back. :)
5	I have not been to this place, but my daughter has and speaks on and on about them all the time, sounds like a great place but I am East Valley. Anyhow, she brought home pumpkin & apple pies from this place home for T Day and  had bragged on and on about them being the best pies ever. I didn't believe her and said we shall see, my sister makes some great homemade pies. Well.. I never want a pie from anywhere else ever !!The pies alone were literally the most flavorful, beautiful best tasting pies in the world to date thus far, but now I want to eat there . So excited to now have a meal there.What a GREAT introduction :)  Thank you!!
5	Love this place. The pumpkin soup is the best soup I think I have ever had. Pork belly app was awesome as were the meatballs and the flatbreads. A friend had the chicken and said it was delicious as well. Call a ways in advance for a weekend reservation. We waited until the week of and couldn't get in until 8:00 which was fine. Waitstaff was wonderful!
5	Came on a Sunday night since we were in the area. It was busier than most restaurants on a Sunday night especially for being in Central Phoenix. I can't imagine what it's like on a Saturday or Friday. The food is just hands down delicious. Mostly comfort food made sophisticated. We started with the stuffed green peppers and the food runner was basically salivating over it just from carrying to to our table (very promising sign). The sauce and stuffing was not like your mom's - they kicked it up and it was definitely the most sophisticated stuffed green pepper I've had. For a main I had the Pork Dip - the ingredient list just sounded like layers of yum - sliced pork loin, bacon, Dijon mustard, caramelized onions.  Only critique I had was that I ended up removing the top of the sandwich because it was just too much bread - and it masked the gorgeous flavors of the meat and the mustard/onions. Also took home one of their brick oven baguettes which kept very well at home for the next three days before it was devoured.
4	I'm only giving it 4 stars because the meatballs were salty. I returned it for the white fish dinner. The white fish dinner was amazing. I will definitely go back again to try the other dishes. Thanks to my friend I am no longer a brandy virgin. For the life of me I cannot remember the name of the drink but it was a mixed drink that included brandy. I'm anxious to try the remaining speciality drinks on their menu.
5	perhaps you might start with:baked goat cheesepumpkin soupbeet salad then: pork chile verdethe pork chop roasted chickencioppino (this is no longer featured on their menu)forbidden rice bowl end with: sticky toffee pudding --------st. francis aint so bad; i mean, they're actually pretty great. go! actually, go here before public market cafe, because then that's a different story...
4	I really enjoyed St. Francis! We celebrated a friend's birthday here and we had a variety of appetizers and entrees. The Goat Cheese, Fig Flatbread, and fingerling potatoes were a hit! I had the burger it was good too. We had some sort of orange drink and it was VERY strong- not that I am complaining. It just took a while to drink. Service was a bit slow at times (we had about 6 or 7 people). At one point we didn't see our server for over 30 mins. I would go back- maybe with less people though.
5	My lovely wife and I joined a group of friends here for dinner.  Good planning - we arrived in time to exploit happy hour prices and we enjoyed some great wines by the glass as half price.  wWe tried a variety of dishes - shared all around - and everything was brilliant!  The service was top notch, the staff were friendly and helpful; altogether a great evening.  I can't recommend this place highly enough!
5	Wow the turtle pie!!  And everything else I've ever had here.  Try to avoid the upstairs seating, it is disconcerting to feel the floor shake everytime someone walks by.
5	I made a reservation at this up scale, trendy, and sheik restaurant to have a post holiday dinner with my mother and friend. The architecture was outstanding. We had the best experience at this place! Our waiter, Andrew, was extremely accommodating and was most polite with just the right amount of humor. Followed by introducing himself, he suggested the featured dinner for the night, Pan Brazed Scallops. That was an amazingly tasteful dish with a perfect portion of carrots and lentils sided by 5 of the largest scallops I've ever devoured. My mother had the Chorizo and Shrimp Flat bread and my friend had the Cheese Flat bread. To sum it up, the flat breads were an upscale pizza. Deliciously cheesy. I had a hot Vanilla Rooibos Tea that was Savory. Over all, an enjoyable experience! Thank you!!
3	OK, to be fair, my fellow Yelpers must know that the Manager of St. Francis has attempted to remedy my last review by offering me dinner on him.  Yes, I was sent a gift certificate so that I might try dinner again.  I LOVE that gesture, and it was very much appreciated!  I am only sorry that it took me so long to 1) return, and 2) to update my review.I returned for a visit at the first part of September.  However, my position remains the same.  I really do love the ambiance!  But my service experience has been just poor...defined as not attentive, and not even very friendly.  I would have loved to have been able to write an improved review but...when there are so many restaurants that serve me well, I will have to pass on this one.  :-(
3	St. Franics is just okay.  I give it stars for atmosphere, variety, and quality.  The food was excellent and the menu had a few nice surprises on it (for example, the pork chile verde).  The night we dined there, they ran out of flatbread which ruled out a good portion of the menu (minus one star).  Our waitress was very young and awkward/nervous which made the whole experience slightly off (there goes another star).  It's a good thing the fried fingerling potatoes were to die for and the pork chile verde was spicy and divine-- that means I'll make another trip back to give it another try.
4	We had booked a reservation so we had a table ready, though it wasn't strictly required. Based on other Yelp reviews, my friend and I went here and were not disappointed. It was a fabulous meal.We started with the pumpkin soup, which they split for us. I actually found my half more than adequate, I couldn't actually imagine eating what would have been the entire portion. It was quite good though (made with cream which makes anything good). We also ordered the baked goat cheese which is served with a marinara-type sauce for spooning on the accompanying bread and was very good.For dinner I had Moroccan Meatballs, and my friend had pork chile verde which I sampled and was good. The meatballs were excellent, and in fact the only reason I didn't give the full 5 stars was that the "pasta" on the meatballs was pearl pasta in the sauce, which when cooked is tiny and really lost in the dish. In fact, I didn't even realize that it was in there because the plate simply appeared to be three large meatballs in red sauce and I finally identified what looked like small tapioca balls swimming in bottom of the plate. The only way to really eat the pasta is to eat gobs of sauce, which wasn't going to happen. I felt it would have been better accompanied by a different pasta or at least more pasta and less sauce. None of this detracted from the flavor though. I would give them 4.5 stars but Yelp doesn't do half stars)Service was excellent, complimentary valet parking as well. We were seated upstairs which is a quieter part of the restaurant and it was very nice.
4	If I was solely rating the food, this place would be a three star restaurant, but the ambiance and the structure of the restaurant really deserves my extra star.  The design of this restaurant is really very beautiful, and the outside area is absolutely lovely.  Our waitresses seems to have a little argument about who our table belonged to which gave me an uncomfortable feeling. We got the pumpkin soup and the goat cheese appetizer.  The pumpkin soup was good, too sweet for my taste, which we fixed by adding lots of black pepper.  The herbed goat cheese though, wasn't quite what I expected.  I love baked herbbed goat cheeses, and this one was cooked so long until it was almost completely liquid, and served with lots of tomatoes.  So it's more of a baked tomato goat cheese than herbs.  It was still pretty good, I was just craving one of my favorite preparations of goat cheese which this one failed to satisfy.
2	This is a brunch review only: it has a great atmosphere here, BUT the brunch food is so overpriced for very average quality. It was slow to arrive and portions weren't great. Nothing unique. I will admit the dinners are much better.
5	Fabulous food, ambiance, staff.... Love this place....
4	Visited this restaurant for brunch. We sat on the patio and had a mimosa & Bloody Mary before ordering. The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars was due to the amount given for the mimosa. I felt shorted. Other then that service was great, and very attentive. The waitress had wonderful recommendations since I was undecided on what to order. I ended up ordering the fried egg sandwich with fries. It was amazing! The roasted red peppers made the sandwich. Others with me ordered the pancake (A must order!) and egg Benedict  with procietto which was also yum! We sat and talked at our table for a while and were not rushed away. The complimentary valet was also a nice touch. Will be visiting this place again but next time for happy hour.
4	My wife absolutely loved it, and I thought it was good. I really enjoyed the look of the place, and the staff were very friendly. I wasn't as wowed by the food as my wife, though I'll definitely give it another go, and recommend it to people looking for a romantic place to dine out.
5	My wife has food allergies and sensitivities that limit the restaurants we can visit. But a friends of ours encouraged us to try this place as it has a variety of Vegan, Vegetarian, Gluten-free and Dairy-free offerings. Yesterday had been a terrible day at work and our maintenance man told us our hot water piping had been poorly plumbed in our apartment. My wife and I had enough and needed what can only come from a good, satisfying meal and service. We had never been to St. Francis because we couldn't get reservations as needed so we decided to risk walking in on a Monday night. We couldn't be more pleased. Our service was wonderful from the kitchen staff who held the door for us, the hostess who seated us and the beautiful young man, Andrew, who served our table with charm and professionalism. We ordered the fingerling potatoes to start with and they were to die for, delicious! She had the salmon dish and it was done perfectly and so tasty. I had the meat, carrots and salad meal and OHMYGOD, it was seared and seasoned by an angel. Oh yes, we will definitely be back. Oh yes.
4	I came to St Francis to join friends for Happy Hour, as I am rarely in the area it was my first visit and I was instantly impressed with it's warm and intimate atmosphere. Seating is available indoors or on the heated patio with additional seating upstairs. Service was great and also accommodating in our request to stay warm but not too warm as we chose to dine outdoors braving a cool AZ evening. It's great place to join friends, is family friendly(as they paid special attention to my daughter's cherry filled drink)and is a cozy enough location for a date. I ordered the pork chili verde, topped with perfectly cooked sunny side up eggs, and a spicy roasted jalapeno, amazing! Being with a friends whom generously shared, I was able to try a bite of the large tasty meatballs, and the pumpkin soup that was like eating a sweet whipped into perfection bite of dessert. With such good food and service, St Francis is definitely worth  making a return visit!
4	The pork belly sandwich lived close to expectations as on the food network it was tasty and not greasy at all.  Reasonably priced as well
5	Andrew S was our server as he was so great!!! The drinks were amazing and the service was great
4	The ambience, fab drinks and finger-licking burger make this one of my fav restaurants in the area.Only reason I can't give them a solid 5, is because overall, The food just isn't as fabulous and consistent as it used to be. But take advice from fellow locals who visit here often, order the 'right' thing (did I mention the burger?!) and you won't be disappointed.Got friends in town? This is the place to bring them! The 2 story building has an awesome design - its got a perfect mix of exposed brick walls, large floor to ceiling windows and a retractable front glass wall that they open up on warm days. Best Seats - At the bar if theres just 2 of you, or outside on the pretty patio. Skip the top floor entirely - in fact, don't bother eating there at all if they try to put you upstairs. It lacks the ambience that makes St Francis special, and the service is always slower.Best Bevs - The Santa Rosa!!! Its the epitome of the perfect, refreshing summer drink. Smooth vodka, muddled with ruby-red grapefruit, basil and Elderflower liquor. Yum! They also do an awesome bloody mary.Best Bites - French Onion Burger, Pork Chop, Salmon, Egg Sandwich, Fingerling Potatoes wih yummy aioli and Baked goat cheese.You may be tempted by the sound of the Pork Chile Verde, and if it was a year ago, I'd say dont order anything else. But these days, it tends to come out over-cooked and chewey and lacking the yum it used to flaunt. Love burgers like me? Then you absolutely have to have the finger-licking-good St Francis French Onion burger! :) Just the burger alone is worth 5 stars! They use top quality ground beef and always cook it perfectly to order, served on a warm brioche bun, topped with smokey bacon, greens, gruyere cheese, crispy onion strings and a magic sauce. It makes my mouth water just thinking about it.Best Times to Go - Between 3-6 for happy hour. Its quiet,  you get seated right away, and the service is always quick. I love their brunch on the weekends, especially when they have live music. Just get there early and be patient - it gets busy for brunch!Tip - They have an amazing wood burning fire oven and cook fresh, crunchy loafs daily - order one on your way out!
5	Went here for lunch and had the chicken salad sandwich, it was fantastic. I will never have another chicken salad sandwich anywhere else as I'll only be disappointed. Great atmosphere as well.
1	Slow service. Over done burger. We actually got forgotten about. They didn't put my burger order in but put in the rest of the food which took just a minute (literally) longer than it took to get our iced teas.  When my burger finally arrived it was well done (I had asked for medium) so it wasn't even close to right. When we were done and paid the server brought a receipt without a line for a signature. (Not a problem for me since I wouldn't have tipped her anyway but my wife was buying.) Trying to leave and the complimentary valet can't get the older couple in front of us Prius started. He makes them go get their own car. Are you kidding me???We won't be back.
4	Came here for a quick late-night bite and the peppers on the appetizer menu were delicious AND ACTUALLY SPICY. My friend told me to come back here for brunch, so I'll be sure to.
4	I had the forbidden rice bowl, amazing.  Im craving it!!  Had some fun yummy drinks.Also had a show, the bartender was bickering with one of waitresses, he was a jerk too!  Then i heard another bartender and that same waitress talking about what an a**hole the other one is.  I mean really is this Vanderpumps Rules?  Drama for the customers to hear...not cool.  Dinner and drinks were great, could have done without the show just a foot away from me!
4	I recently took my daughter here for dinner and we had a really nice meal. As expected, it was packed on a Friday night, but we didn't wait long for a table. The kids meals are free and my daughter had the cheese pizza with a side salad. I ordered the pork chile verde, goat cheese app, and a side of polenta. I also had 2 cocktails and since it was happy hour, everything was relatively inexpensive. Before we left, I ordered the pork belly risotto for my husband and everything came out to $45. Very reasonable. Service was attentive, too, and humored my daughter with all of her 6 yr old ramblings and questions. We really enjoyed ourselves!
5	I brought my parents here from out of town after they saw it on diners, drive ins and dives - they were not disappointed. We enjoyed the crispy fingerling potatoes with the white sauce especially. My meatballs were gigantic, three is more than enough. My husband had the burger and enjoyed the toppings and the spread, my mom enjoyed the salmon and my dad went for the special roasted chicken - our table fell silent when the food arrived, always a good sign of a great meal.
3	Just had Sunday Brunch and ordered the Biscuit and Gravy with Eggs over medium and a Mimosa. I was dining alone so opted to sit at the outside patio bar, looking in to the main dining area. A pretty good spot for people watching. My order showed up promptly but was only warm... Not hot? Was confusing, as again the order was out pretty quick.I'm therefore guessing the gravy is made in bulk and just ladled over the also pre-made, but kept warm biscuit. The eggs were cooked pefectly... But rather than taken from the skillet with a spatula, the eggs were poured onto the dish with all the butter they were basted in, creating a puddle on top of the gravy. While I like butter, and the dish is not on anyone's health-conscious menu, it was visually off putting... (See photos) but only just a little. Unfortunately they must have sat in the window or been under a fan or something because they, too, were not hot but only warm. They next issue was the first bite I took... Which apparently was a bundle of sage or green onions? They were stringy and took some effort to chew up... Seriously chewy... I would have spit them into a paper napkin had I had one. Ok, all of that pickiness aside, the dish was otherwise well done. Good flavor and consistency to the gravy with large chunks of sausage and the portion was big enough without leaving me in the need for a nap.The only other issue was with the staff... While its early on a Sunday and the youngish hipster staff made polite acknowledgement of my presence at first, I felt quickly forgotten as I wasn't offered a refill on my beverage or given salt and pepper until I was halfway through the meal. Being a single diner (and former bartender) I easily got the impression I wasn't going to register on their radar unless I spent more or was part of a larger group. Not saying they were not friendly, just that most employees were busier with their own conversations than with the attention paid to the customers. I finished my meal and drink and sat waiting for the check a good five minutes with an empty plate and glass in front of me the whole time as well. While I may understand this at a table in the busy dining room, my server/bartender was no father than six feet from me the entire time. I'll go back, as again the food is good... But I'll have to lower my expectations I guess.
4	Finally had a chance to try this.  Loved it:  order the iron skillet pancake.  also had the farmer's market frittata.  Fabulous bloddy mary and live jazz music sunday afternoons.
1	Awful experience today at brunch. A lady at the table next to us found a live green caterpillar In her salad. So gross. It Took 30 minutes to get a Bloody Mary. Over an hour for our food. The potatoes weren't cooked all the way. We were there a total of two hours for the two of us with normal breakfast and one drink each. Waiter was nice, but no sense of urgency from anyone that worked there. Two other women and I were in line for the restroom and one of the cooks came out wafting his nose and saying, "you might want to let it clear out a bit before anyone of you use it." And laughed and went back to the kitchen. Not going to return or recommend anyone to eat there.
3	I had been wanting to try St. Francis for quite some time now. My boyfriend took me out for date night here. Let me start off by saying, if you're going on a Friday night-MAKE RESERVATIONS. We ended up waiting 45 minutes..thankfully we had cocktails and an old black & white movie to keep us occupied in the outdoor "waiting" area..is that what it's supposed to be? I couldn't tell if you were allowed to order food from there or not. The ambiance is upscale and trendy, with low lighting & a modern, chic interior-which I find to be typical of restaurants that are considered "American New".  I quite liked the design of this place.Finally, after what felt like FOR-EV-ER, we were seated (really I was just hungry & being impatient so any amount of time felt like an eternity). We ordered the housemade baguette with olive oil & waters to start with. I realize that this place was busy but it seemed like it took quite a while to get said items. In fact, we got our bread and water at the same time the table next to us did, and they were seated who knows how long before we were. I felt a small pang of empathy, which was silenced by devouring of bread. My boyfriend and I both ordered the same thing under the Specialties-The Forbidden Rice bowl. Considering how much we love Forbidden Rice, our expectations were quite high. We again waited quite a while for our food to arrive. The food itself is 5 stars-the vegetables were so delicious and the rice was cooked to perfection. The dressing is to die for-a great combination of sweet and spicy.Overall, my experience was "good" but not great. The slowness of service is what gives it a 3 star rating. I didn't expect to be at St. Francis for over 2 hours. I would return again, perhaps for brunch..or for dinner-but make reservations beforehand!
5	Just had the salmon and I have to say this is by far the best salmon I have ever had. It is flavored with a hint of coconut and the flavor is spot on. Do yourself a favor and order this dish if you enjoy salmon. The fingerling potatoes and the broccoli are also amazing. Great place for drinks food and overall atmosphere.
5	This is my favorite place in downtown Phoenix for Happy Hour.  Deliciously crafted cocktails at a very cheap price, with a wonderful, homey atmosphere - nothing is better.  After Happy Hour it does get a little pricey, but everything I have tried here has been so good that I do not mind at all.  I would definitely try the burger, as well as the fingerling potatoes or baked goat cheese - all great choices to accompany your happy hour drink.
4	I go here for brunch a lot. The food is amazing. The decor is very chic and modern. W them renovating an old firehouse is such a cool idea!! I get the egg sandwich, they cook the egg anyway you like so I get it scrambled. Yummy. Also their caramel cinnamon roll is to die for!!! Yes, it's huge, and has tons of calories but so worth it!!! Share it w friends!!! Also I luv their mimosas!! A great place to eat, hang out w friends.
2	First time here.  Great decor and atmosphere.  Loved the building.  Unfortunately, the food was a disappointment.  Not bad, just not great and certainly not worthy of the bill.  My food came out not that hot.  Meat was a little tough.  And the mashed potatoes were cold  My date's food was hot but not cooked to her specification.  Service was very slow.  Did not get our food out for almost 30 minutes.  First visit and probably my last.  Would not recommend this place.  Much better choices for the money.
4	Very relaxed atmosphere, but a bit on the dressier side (maybe because I was here for Sunday brunch). The service was fantastic, they were extremely helpful and answered a lot of questions since some people in our party had dietary restrictions. I had the eggs benedict - delicious and more filling than it looks! I wish they'd told me beforehand though that avocado costs $2 extra... in that case I wouldn't have bothered (bumping it up to $15 for eggs benedict which is on the pricier side). Would come back!
4	So it t'was valentines day and I decided last second that me and my date should go there for Vday dinner.I personally have only had drinks there while my date had been some time before and actually had the food. She had said it was not that bad and since we were both pretty laid back considering the holiday I was not setting myself up for anything amazing.We walked in maybe at the end of the dinner rush and found two seats at the bar quickly. A small bar space but intimate I guess. Greeted promptly by our bartender and bar-back with smiles and served my wine with a small recommendation based on what I like.  A good start so far.Having just got done from teaching yoga my date wanted simple. "Cheese flat bread please, to start" i asked the bartender, Once finished consuming our starting plate i was neither impressed or disappointed. I mean who can really mess up a cheese pizza?? I do appreciate lots of basil and garlic though if the pizza is to be without any other special toppings. Anyways, still enjoyed it very much.We ordered than the pot roast for our shared entree. I thoroughly enjoyed it but found the meat a bit cold on the bottom???? nothing worth sending it back since the rest of the plate was delicious but how was it any bit cool when it arrived so quickly? sort of a mystery to me.Overall our dinner was short and we had a good experience. I would only say that a almost $20 plate should come out steaming hot. That is all. Service was top notch and I will definitely be back sooner than later :).BTW their baker comes in after hours to make all of their bread. that is amazing and good luck finding that in most any other establishment.
3	The food was good however I thought the atmosohere would be better. Maybe it was because we were sitting upstairs?? Do like that they take reservations and the fingerling potatoes were excellent.
4	I have been to this restaurant on several occasions, including my most recent experiences with their brunch menu. The atmosphere was much more upbeat in the morning than their dinner hours. Facing the street was the open bar accompanied by the sunny patio. On this Sunday, the lazy sunshine was slowly triggering through its rustic interior. I highly recommend their Eggs Benedict ($13). My dish came with perfectly poached eggs, English muffin, hollandaise sauce, crispy potatoes, and smoked salmon. The thick cut smoked salmon was delicious and not too salty. The thick gooey hollandaise sauce added refinement to the fantastic doughy texture of the English muffin. There was great purpose, balance and distribution of flavors. The potatoes were lightly salted and quite addictive. It had all the elements I was looking for in a benedict. I also enjoyed the Fall Squash Risotto ($13) served with crispy pork belly, squash, parmesan, rosemary honey, and risotto. The pork belly was nicely marbled to provide a nice contrast to the perfectly executed risotto. I wished this dish could come with more squash to accompany the risotto, but otherwise it's a dish I'd order again.The Farmer's Market Frittata ($10) was really fantastic too. It came with oyster mushrooms, asparagus, cheddar, arugula, tomato, and other seasonal vegetables layered on top of the omelet. The combination of veggies was fresh and the range of diverse flavors further complicated the omelet at the bottom. It's a lighter alternative than the benedict, but we still had plenty of leftover to take home.The dishes that did not live up to my expectations were the Cinnamon Roll ($5) and the Iron Skillet Pancake ($8). The Cinnamon Roll was expensive but also humongous and good to share. It tasted dry, bread-like, and lacked the full on moisture that I prefer in a cinnamon roll. It's a novelty and highly visible at every table, but unfortunately not something I'll be ordering again. The Iron Skillet Pancake came with olive oil, dark chocolate, berry compote, whipped cream, and maple syrup. The price was too steep for a single pancake. The pancake was easy to cut into until the sticky crispy outer ring. The berry compote was overwhelming the dark chocolate, but it was still a decent pancake without the expected wow factor.My dining companion did not enjoy the coffee, so it's not something I would recommend. Service can be inconsistent, but friendly and responsive when you have their attention. There's not a lot of innovative breakfast and brunch restaurants in the Phoenix area, so St. Francis is a solid option for those looking for conventional wisdom with a twist of refinement. The other downside to the experience was parking. They have a small lot, and the required valet can be frustrating as you wait for your car when it is parked right in front of you. With all considered, 3.5 stars for the overall experience. I'd be interested in coming back for dinner.
3	We came for dinner and it was good. I definitely want to get back for brunch as I've heard that's great. I like the light rail accessibility.
2	St Francis Restaurant.... well love it or hate it!I also have mixed feelings about this place and it is not so much about their food and drinks but more about their services.Twice now we were forced to wait an additional 45 minutes before being seated even thought we had reservations.Several couples which came way after we arrived were seated first.Food is alright but service lacks IMHO.Won't be back!
4	Happy hour is a must here. :)) ehh, pricey,  but its sooo good.During lunch time is way more busier than it is at night time. Totally two different atmosphere.I love the huge screen tv thing they have going on outside to watch the game on. Go suns! I like the ambiance of this place.Cheese pizza and a side salad was good for me. :)
4	Like the atmosphere of this place. Only had a drink after work so I can't comment on the quality of the food. The menu looked interesting enough that I'd come back and our bartender was cool to chat with.Daniel H., you should check it out.
2	We went for happy hour on a Friday night.  It was really busy and we sat outside until a table was available. Which was fine.  It is a really nice patio area.  The ambiance is nice as well.  The restaurant has it;s finer points, however it is way over priced for the food you get.  I had flat bread and baked goat cheese.  Neither were bad, they just were not great either.   Our tab was almost $70 for 4 drinks and two appetizers.   The service was really slow.  When we were finished and the waitress brought our check, the bus boy came around and started taking everything from the table, including what was left of my wine I was still finishing. Granted there was not much left in the glass to speak of and I wasn't paying attention when he came around.   But hello, we are still sitting here.  You bus the table when people leave, not while they are finishing up.  I understand removing dinner plates and things of that nature, but they were removing everything on the table. I just find that rude.   Anyhow, I would go back for drinks, but not for food.  There are much better places to eat in town for the price then this place.  .
5	We've been to St Francis plenty of times but figured it was finally due time to review. We had a wonderful waiter, Andrew, who took care of us from the get-go for our Sunday brunch visit in late January. Friendly, helpful, and had no problem confirming that the guy next to our table was the teacher from Glee. Eeeeeeeeeee.....status update! With Spring Training in town, the weather and people watching is perfect for hitting St Francis for a pre-Renaissance Faire or baseball game brunch.
4	St. Francis is a really cool spot with good drinks and a GREAT happy hour. I've been a few times now, the salmon is always perfectly cooked and I love the cucumber cooler. Sad to see one of the servers that served me prviously isn't there anymore - she was great and very helpful when we had to wait for a table for over an hour. Miss you Erykah Badu !! overall great experiences every time, the food takes a little while to get out of the kitchen but it's usually worth it
5	I have never had such a good lunch with my children! Their food was FREE! I can't believe how big the burger and fries were for them. They loved it!! Every time I am here the service is awesome. They make us feel at home, and they have a great attitude about us having the children with us:) once my chicken was too dry:( but not always! The salads are amazing and happy hour is perfect!!! We will be back a lot!!!
5	I went here based on the reviews and menu and my experience confirmed the high praise - and then some!  They are a very conscience restaurant - for example, the server knew where the salmon was caught, which farms the chicken comes from, and where the produce is from.  Everything was prepared with care and it is evident with every flavorful bite.  It was great eating a meal that was as healthful as it was flavorful.  You won't regret eating here!
3	I will come back to this place - but when it is warmer. We went there in early March 2014, on a cooler AZ night. even though we had a reservation they wanted to seat us upstairs where it is a bit lonely and the ambiance is missing, and it was colder than downstairs. We asked for a table downstairs and were seated right next to the OPEN door to the patio. on top of it there was a fan blowing above our heads, all of that at a felt 60 Degrees inside. Not sure why they need a fan in the AZ winter and why they need TWO large open doors to the patio. Everyone around us was freezing, and putting their jackets on and finally someone of the restaurante rediuced the fan speed (which helped a bit).Oh yes and they forgot to bring our appetizer before our main dish too, so service was ok - not great. Having said that, the food was very good, and innovative. the patio looks great and cosy so I will return when it is warmer outside. if they seat me outside - GREAT - if they seat me inside, I am ok with that too and actually might want the open door and the fan. so 4 stars for the food2 stars for the temperature 3 for service
4	Great food, nice atmosphere. There are a lot of nice original libations (try the Ruby Red, if you like vodka) and the burgers are really tasty. The Chile Verde is really nice, too. Because the bar opens to the outside, it's a treat sitting there -- whether you're on the inside looking out, or on the outside catching a breeze. If you have out-of-towners and want to take them somewhere fun, I'd recommend this place.
3	Pot Roast with Polenta Delicious but overpriced. Moroccan meat balls did not suit my wife's tastes, but I thought they were good (albeit reheated the next day at home.) Good service on a wobbly table and uncomfortable chairs.Fun setting.
5	Let me say that I only had cocktails this time but food in the past has ALWAYS been outstanding. Tonight I had such great service & wonderful wine. Always enjoy this cool neighborhood eatery.
5	Try everything
5	I adore this place!They have great atmosphere and delicious food. However, I am specifically in love with their happy hour. I'm on a tight budget and it is sooo nice to be able to get amazing cocktails (try the cider sidecar) for so cheap! Plus, the fingerling potatoes are to die for.And! My waiter was exceptionally nice and kept coming out to check on us even though we were the only ones on the patio. Great service!
5	We Went here for my boyfriends dinner.  It was a quiet wednesday night.  He arrived first (i wanted to look extra nice so of course I was a few minutes late)  I appreciated that they sat him and didn't make him wait for me.  I also appreciated that he had a beer in hand by the time I got there.  That means the service was pretty snappy.  The hostess was sweet and sent me to the right table and etc.  The valet was even exceptionally friendly.  We had Monique as our server.  She was very pleasant.  She had a nice personality but gave us our space as well.   My drink was snappy and she seemed to always be close but not be hovering.  Chris had the fish.  The presentation was beautiful, the portion looked small but he said it was very rich and filled him up.  I had the meatballs.  Again it looked small but I was surprised that I couldn't finish and took some home.  My food was excellent and Chris was very happy with his as well.  Bill came out to a bit more that most restaurants but for a special occasion it was well worth it.
1	Yeah, came here for a drink with a buddy and got total shit customer service from the bartender. Always disappointing when a spot so close to home has horrible service. I won't be returning and if you prefer a minimum of a smile with you over priced food and drinks go somewhere else besides St. Francis because you may not even get that much there.
5	I have only been here twice and i am in love! I'm not sure how the menus work or if they change? But when i have gone both times i loved each meal!! super good quality food taste and A+ for customer service and atmosphere! very "central"! (:
4	We heard so much about this from friends who visited here.  We thought we would give it a try.food wasn't bad.  The pizza was divine.  We went at an odd time,( 3:00PM) so if was a bit empty but filed up quickly for happy hour. The happy hour prices are pretty good.  We had the meatballs, salad, and fingerling potatoes.  Everything was great.  Our only gripe?  Another restaurant with the complimentary Valet parking.  Why?  Can't I park my own car?  I am that irresponsible?  It was good food and a great atmosphere.  We'll be back.
2	St Francis is hit and miss. Mid day - they just don't get customer service - they want to tell you all about their issues, we are changing shifts, the kitchen is changing over etc..Burger was average.. Come on St Francis you are better than this.. Step up.
4	Picture a Monday afternoon, the sun shining but it's still perfectly comfortable weather outside, and you have nothing you need to do. No, that's not a scene from a movie, I just got lucky while on vacation in Phoenix and had a taste of life after retiring. If I were to retire tomorrow, you bet I'd keep coming back to St. Francis for happy hour!Anyway, we sat in the covered patio area and had some drinks and snacks. The Dark&Stormy (cool name) and Santa Rosa were great drinks; I had more than a few of the Santa Rosa. For eats, the Baked Goat Cheese and House Baguette were a perfect combination.It was nice, refreshing and relaxing.
5	Excellent food. Quality ingredients prepared simply, and so tasty! Love sitting by the oven in the open kitchen...watching the chefs work!
5	Such a great spot! The atmosphere is fantastic, staff is super nice, and the food -OMG! Everything, I mean everything, on the menu is delicious. Weekend Brunch has live music and the patio is delightful.
4	Actually had a great time here this Sunday morning. Food was amazing and service on par. I highly recommend the mushroom omelette.
4	The place is really cozy and the setup of the whole place is very relaxing. They offer indoor and outdoor tables which allow you to enjoy both the great winter and spring Phoenix weather while also giving some needed cover during those hot summer days (and nights). We enjoyed the Eggs Benedict. It was really good!!!! Order it with the salmon. Hollandiase sauce was one of the best i've tried.We also ordered The French Onion burger. It was just OK. I ordered it to be cooked medium, but it was served well done instead. It came out a little dry for my taste. The fried onion and argula were great.Let's see what the pancakes would be like...Waiting for the pancake for 15mins now...Food was served fast earlier...Ok, Let's do a follow-up on my pancake...Looks like they forgot our order =(Manager went out to speak to us about the delay. He did apologize for the delay and informed us that they are preparing our pancake and it is off the bill. Good! nope... GREAT!!!!!Pancake? It's worth the wait! The crispy edges from cooking it on hot iron skillet and brick oven mixed with caramelized apples and dark chocolate was really really good. Will I come back? Yes! In a heartbeat! I do have some recommendations.. Menu is confusing. They have a different menu for sundays and saturdays as compared to weekdays, different menu after 3pm, and a different menu after 5pm. Its hard to keep up..more reviews at http://themealexperience.blogspot.com/
3	On one hand, every single time I go here for Sunday brunch it is AMAZING. On the other hand, each time I come here for weekday lunch i am disappointed. For example, last time I came I ordered the lunch quinoa stuffed peppers. It came out not fully cooked and cold throughout. I wanted to return it to have it heated up more, but they service was so slow I didn't see our server again for at least 40 minutes. I ended up being forced to eat my half cooked, cold stuffed peppers. Then, when I was in a hurry to return to work our server was again nowhere to be found and what should have been a 45 minute-hour long lunch was easily 1.5 hours.
5	Wow.  First 5 stars I've given.  Everything was fantastic.  Had the cucumber cooler- gin, muddled cucumber, lemon and lemonade - very fresh and delicious.Ordered the "roasted salmon superfood"  - -salmon was cooked to perfection and went beautifully with the cucumber and avocado and the vinaigrette was great. Got the side of fingerling potatoes, also very tasty. Sat at the bar- trendy atmosphere in the open air.Amazing!!   If I lived in Phoenix id definitely be a regular! :)
1	Hey Yall...do it for yelp, I anit gon do it...actually I am. So I arrive @ 5.06 Kayla finally makes her way over excuse about huge table....you should have passed me on..ijs..so I ordered the meatballs and corn polenta...oh yea a cucumber lemonade type drink...so my food arrives @ 6 @ 6.06 I am GONE. Why everything was freaking COLD now the meatballs come in a skillet the was piping HOT and on the 1st bite...I'm like is this cold....not cool, but REFRIGERATOR COLD....you know how food has sat then you add more sauce straight from the icebox and don't re-warm it...YEP..YELP JUST LIKE THAT.....The polenta let's just say that I literally stuck my finger in it with another waiter cause that Kayla was busy working....I even had the other waiter touch the meatballs and he confirmed ICY and apologized immediately...here BEELINES the manager one of us was obviously exhausted cause I didn't here him introduce himself. He was kind enough to offer me a baguette to take home....oh its gets better because he then offered me a chicken salad sandwich...I asked the chicken salad sandwich Kayla mentioned you guys were out of....oh okay...it must have been the gtfooh expression on my face...cause he then offered a 25 gift card. I promptly accepted and headed to my next location.....Mexican Food....update coming to night. I will possibly try on the weekend if not I will give it away after all I am a TEXAN!!!!
3	While again, the food is good.... the service is less than desirable.Picture it: three ladies who have been friends for over 10 years.. ladies' night out.. let's have some drinks and food and enjoy our company while away from the stresses of life (kids, jobs, etc.) So. Goat cheese app. Delicious.Ordered two glasses of wine. Get them. 20 mins.... flag someone down to order food! Please! Ok, he was attending to the people by the bread... ok... they don't have a table yet?Ordered food. Wine empty.. where is the waiter?? Flag him down again. Oh, and can we get a refill on water? Sure!Wine comes. No water. Wait .. wait ... wait... oh can I get you something else? Yes.. wine is empty again and still no water...On a $135 check between 3 people, this is not an inexpensive place. But I can go somewhere a lot less expensive with equitable food and get better service. I'm not asking to be treated like a queen. Just want my water refilled and question if my wine should be.I can't dock the food at either of Aaron Chamberlain's restaurants. Just the service sucks.
2	Food- Above averageService- atrociousBeer Selection- sub parAtmosphere & Decor- sexyWould I go back- No. Will I recommend to a close friend- No. Why?Called half hour before I arrived "no wait" for three (Saturday night for 3)...arrive with a whomping 45 min wait. I overhear the hostess totally give another customer crap about arriving for a reservation for two- with three people.  Saying that they mainly accommodate parties of two bc of the way their tables are set up...man up and put two tables together!! It's worth it not pissing people off or turning them away. Next- we sit down at a long booth for six and don't get attended to for at least ten to fifteen mins. Finally have to order the hostess to retrieve our bumbling waitress. She takes our orders.Annoying- they're supposed to be known for their bread--they didn't even have their well known baguette to order as an appetizer- pathetic. Drinks don't arrive for another ten mins at least- after our appetizers. It doesn't end there- Our supposed orders arrive--they were wrong. They forget to make my burger and arrived with some other sandwich. The waitress didn't even acknowledge that it was her fault or anyone's.The burger finally arrived, we ate. The food was good and dessert was too. In the end we should have been comp'd a dessert or something for the extended, sub par dinner. I don't recommend this place to anyone. There's a Sweet Tomato across the street- at least they have parking...
5	I was not sold on this place the first time I came, because the menu seemed a bit contrived and each dish had one ingredient that put it over the top but I returned because the atmosphere is incredible - I could go on for paragraphs about the details, but I won't!  After returning multiple times over the years, I think the menu has mellowed a bit (or I have gotten used to it), and we have enjoyed each and every time we have dined with them, we've even gone on Anniversaries, etc.  The burger is one of the best I've had with ingredients on all dishes being as fresh as possible.  Thumbs way up!
4	I am here in Phoenix visiting ASU with my family. We saw this restaurant on Diners Drive Ins and Dives, and we thought we would give this place a shot. We were not disappointed to say the least. I ordered the pork dip which came on their homemade baguette. It was amazing. I also ordered the Moroccan meatballs which were very rich. The salad that came with the pork dip was so refreshing. The salad dressing was very tasty (aged cheddar buttermilk mixed with apple cider vinaigrette). The service was superb. Definitely coming back!
4	Pros: 1. good atmosphere 2. great patio 3. Cheap happy hour drinks 4. food is good. **bread is amazing and so is the goat cheese**Cons: 1.only valet parking on Saturday (maybe all the time, I've only been on Saturday) 2. the hipster staff is just nice enough to get the 15% tip they deserve ( no I didn't leave that bad of a tip but they really don't deserve more)
5	I loved everything about this place! We went for brunch. There was me, the die-hard carnivore, my best friend, the closet vegetarian and his nephew.  There was something on the menu for everyone. The atmosphere was amazing. There were all types of people there, and I really liked the food. I had the corn and cranberry scone and the American Breakfast and everything was prepared well. Plus everyone was really friendly which always makes things better.  I can't wait to go back and try their cinnamon roll.
5	I love this restaurant! Such a great fun atmosphere and the food is amazing!! You can't go wrong with anything you order! My favorite part of St. Francis are the employes!  They are all so nice and fun, and really add to a great eating experience!!
4	The atmosphere and food was incredible. The staff however was sub par to what I was expecting. Our waitress Christie was awkward and slightly rude. It felt like she was being nice only to get a tip. Other than her, it was a good experience.
4	Message test dinner at MNs suggestion. Cool urban setting.  Forgot I was in Phoenix.  Felt more like Denver or San Diego.  Pizzas and salad were stand outs.
5	The food here is amazing! Everything I had was delicious. I saw this place on the food network and after I looked at the menu, I had to go here. Very cozy atmosphere and friendly staff.
3	This place would have received 5 stars from me were it not for the excruciatingly slow service. Our server, Barry, was friendly and our orders were placed correctly but he was notably absent for the majority of our meal. I noticed that a couple seated after us had already received their appetizer before we even placed our drink order. This guy didn't discriminate either, the table next to us actually left because he hadn't greeted them after 20 minutes. Other than that, food and drinks were excellent, short wait for a table, and the ambiance was enjoyable. We will definitely return. Hopefully this was just an off night for the server and not indicative of what we can expect in the future. I recommend the pork chile verde and baked goat cheese. I also enjoyed the Santa Rosa cocktail. All in all, pleasant experience despite the slow service.
5	One of the best restaurants I have been to in the Valley! Conveniently located in uptown Phoenix, St. Francis is a very attractive destination for any couple or group looking for a nice restaurant to spend the evening. I enjoyed the drinks and suggested wine pairings for the three course meal they were serving during the Restaurant Week celebration here in town. Everyone on staff is extremely knowledgable and friendly. I love going to a restaurant with waiters that are knowledgable and who are invested in the success of the restaurant.The cheesy bruschetta, chilled potato and leek soup, roman hearts salad are all excellent appetizers that I would recommend. The green pork chili verde is a savory and spicy entree. I have also tried the marinated flank steak, which was served a little over cooked and just okay at best. I am sure there are better, more affordable options on the menu.As for desserts, I have enjoyed both the strawberry shortcake and the sticky toffy pudding. Both were extremely pleasant and the perfect way to end a great dining experience.
5	Came for happy hour. Delicious cocktails. The French 111 was my favorite. Kids eat free which was a great surprise and the food for them was really well prepared. Cheese pizzas and chicken breast with spinach. We ordered the French onion burger, medium with French fries. So delicious. Also the pork chili verde with two yolky eggs on top. Wow! Service was amazing. So kind and thoughtful.
5	This is one of my favorite central Phoenix restaurants. Too bad I live so far away. We dropped in for some bloody Mary's this Sunday morning and also enjoyed a bacon fig scone. The patio is a lovely place to sit. The place has a great atmosphere. Inside, there was lovely live jazz music.
3	I saw the Diners, Drive-ins and Dives episode which featured St. Francis and with an upcoming road trip I couldn't pass up the chance to stop and try this place.  My husband and I shared the pork chile verde, the pork dip sandwich and romaine hearts salad.While the decor is very trendy and the ambiance is top notch, the food didn't really impress us.  I think we enjoyed the salad the most.  We thought the food was good but nothing to write home about.  We were really pumped to try this place and left feeling disappointed.  We just didn't find that the food had much flavor, maybe it was an off night or we ordered the wrong items?If we're in the area we might stop by and give it another shot and definitely try something else on the menu.
1	I'm giving 1 star for ambiance because that's all this place had going for them! Luckily we had a reservation because the place was packed, however, it still took our server 20 minutes just to introduce herself and get our drink orders. Our order was as follows...Baked Goat Cheese Pork Chili VerdeCrispy Fingerling PotatoesRoasted Chickenand Pot RoastNothing was bad, but nothing was great.. my favorite was the Pork Chili Verde but I've had better. Even their drinks were weak! At least i tried!
5	Loved it. I had the salmon dish. I would highly recommend this place. Im gluten free and they were very easy to work with. The others also loved what they had. For sure will be back.
4	After seeing this restaurant on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives i thought I would try it out.  The Pig Dip is the signature dish and it was everything I thought it would be.  Edgy atmosphere and complimentary valet parking made it convenient. Service was average and the valet driver was not afraid to hit the gas and squeal the tires on my Tundra.Go for the food, you won't be disappointed.
2	I love their food, however they get stricter with the baguette every time I go there. Why is so difficult to get a piece of baguette in this place??? Any idea???And it is more frustrating the fact that I remarked please bring some extra baguette with my dish(since there was no bread at the time drinks were ordered) and my dish comes with JUST ONE slice of their famous baguette. When I asked the server for the extra bread, she replied "this dish doesn't originally come with bread". Thus, I was lucky that they delivered the dish with just ONE piece. Overall, interesting customer service approach!!!!! I'm asking for 2-3 slices of bread, not for a free filet mignon or something like that. I give them  two stars this time because of the above, hope the bread issue gets resolved soon.Going back on Thursday to see if they read reviews!!!!!
2	If I were able to eat gluten then it might get more stars.  If it were fall and they had their pumpkin soup on the menu they might get one more too....but here's the thing.  We had about five different people wait on us, and we still aren't sure who our official waiter was.  The five that came did so sporadically and would forget and ask the same questions twice and then when the drinks came, they were adequate.  It was happy hour so that's good but the wait was quite long to receive them and then when asked if I was ready for another and I said yes, he came back again another fifteen minutes later and asked the same question.  Um, yes!Rather than have a salad, or pay over $20 for an entree, I opted for the black rice dish. Or "Forbidden Rice Bowl" with supposedly 7 veggies, ginger, garlic and sweet and spicy dressing. The veggies were very al dente.  Asparagus and tomatoes being the shining stars of the dish.........altogether it was ok but not memorable.For a drink I had the  Santa Rosa;  finlandia vodka, st. germain, pink grapefruit &basil.  It was good. Not the strongest drink I've had in Mid Town Happy Hour but it was good.My friend tried the Mezcal Mule; sombra mezcal, gosling's ginger beer, cucumber, agave &passion fruit........and sent it back as unbearable.  She opted instead for a glass of   Walnut Block Sauvignon Blanc, which she said was divine and a Market Vegetable Flatbread which she said was "okay."It took a while to get someone to take our money and overall just not that impressed.  My friend did say it is usually packed during happy hour with much noise due to the hard surfaces everywhere......but this Thursday night it was quite dead which did not help to explain the lack of customer service.There are just way too many better places to go than to spend $20 on a broiled chicken dinner or bowl of rice.  Sorry.
5	I recently went on a date with my husband here. The service and good was awesome. Our waiter, Taylor was on point with all his recommendations. From wine to dessert. The atmosphere was very cool. I'm headed back this weekend. I very much recommend this place.
4	There is only one thing I keep not likening about one of my favorite local bar/restaurant. The fact that tables are so close to one another, especially outside. I understand that restaurant wants to make money, but they are pushing a line with putting people seat so close to each other. Every time I go there, I can feel guests next to me breathing on me. Little privacy would not hurt so much...Especially when business is always booming and that extra table will not make a huge difference if it is not there.For everything else, I give this place 5 stars...Service, food, drinks, etc....
4	Popped in here looking for a place to eat after checking it out on Yelp.  I had the cheese flatbread, which I found to be so-so.  I also had to try the fingerling potatoes.YUM YUM.  The outside was nice and crispy.  Two of us split the small order, which was plenty for us.  She had the eggplant parmesan.  Definitely a different take than the standard Italian where it is soggy and swimming in sauce.  This eggplant was very tasty and had some body to it.  Small dinner salad was also a nice addition.  The service was EXCEPTIONAL.  We came at an off time, so could see that this place could get packed quickly.  Quirky table set-ups inside and out...
4	This was an unexpected surprise.  Having been to many similar restaurants I had reserve expectations but after everybody started to dig in we quickly began to offer tastes of our dishes to share the amazing food.
3	Cute place. Very adorable for date night or out with friends. The food is good.... I tried their chicken salad. Really good. Not a huge fan of their pork sandwich. To me the bread is incredibly tough.
3	Generally, good restaurant.  However, went in the other day and ordered a vegetable sandwich.  i wanted a little protein to go with the sandwich, however, and my server flat our refused.  He would not even agree to bring out a separate, side of bacon for me to put on the sandwich myself.  This was just plain weird.
5	A favorite of ours. I always end up getting the salmon, which is consistently delicious. Our waiter was attentive & fun to chat with as the dinner crowd started to thin. My husband had the scallops & said that was delicious as well.We didn't mind the close tables - it was an opportunity to meet others. If you're looking for something more intimate, this may not be your number one choice. I'm sure we will continue to return & enjoy.
3	I really liked St. Francis but going on a sort of holiday (Father's Day), probably made it a little less than a stellar experience for me.The wait wasn't too painful..maybe 15 minutes for brunch. We were seated upstairs with our daughter-which kind of stunk. The tables are crammed very close together.They were out of high chairs, so we ended up using a booster seat; not terrible, but not ideal for a short 2 year old. One very cute thing for kids is the toy box at the entrance. It certainly helped distract our kiddo while we waited for a table-so much so that she wanted to keep going back to it.Food was really great-I had the baked tomato egg dish, and my husband had the iron skillet pancake. He liked it, but felt it would be just too rich to get again.One of those "I gotta try it just once" sort of dishes.It took a very long time to place our order, the waiter never came back to check on us, and our drinks were never refreshed.This place has a really great patio, and a really cool vibe all around.Complimentary valet was also a nice touch since the lot is tiny.I'll definitely give it another try.
4	Came here for brunch with a friend. I didn't have a negative experience at all, just thought the frittata and egg sandwich were ok. Nothing to get excited about. The bacon date scone was delicious. The coffee wasn't hot enough but other than that no complaints. Loved the live jazz and the service was good too. I would definitely go back. I would love to see them do bottomless mimosas and Bloody's but they don't. That would be my one suggestion :)
4	I really liked this place. They have fresh baguette and I had the Forbidden Rice which was great! The menus tell you what's gluten free or dairy free. The servers seem a bit rushed but it's good other than that.
4	St. Francis wins best french fries in all of Phoenix, hands down.  Their sister restaurant at the Downtown Public Market seems to have the recipe, but can't quite match up.  St. Francis remains a favorite brunch spot (great live music starts at 10:30am Sundays), and performs just as well for dinner.  The service is always on par and the food is consistently delicious.  Go for their breakfast sandwich, sans mayo-sauce (come on, quit being fancy - no matter what you call it, may doesn't belong on a breakfast sandwich).  Their flat bread pizzas and burgers are always a good call at dinner time.  Did I mention happy hour?  The bar scene here is small, but if you can grab one of the outdoor stools, you'll be happy for quite some time.
2	Went for Sunday brunch today. Seated within 10 minutes was nice. Gave us a table directly in front of the jazz band and I couldn't hear myself think, it was extremely loud. Moved us upstairs. I had the fried egg sandwich, which I ordered with a hard yolk and it came with a soft yolk (yuck). The server, Daniel, said he'd "do something for us." Hubby's crispy onion burger was greasy and underseasoned. Check came and Daniel did not do amything for us. So it's highly unlikely that we will return to this restaurant.
4	Had a great lunch. My son and I had the Pork Chili Verde with egg, up. It was as much pork gumbo as chili, and it was fantastic. Our server was great. Attentive with ought being annoying. You need to give it a go!
4	St. Francis is a truly great gathering spot.  I've come here a few times with friends and family and I always enjoy the atmosphere, the outside seating is nice even when it might seem to hot to go out.  They have a wonderful happy hour and who doesn't appreciate locally sourced ingredients.  They are always happy to accommodate and one night they let my girlfriends and I stay even after they had closed up shop and were about to finish cleaning the place.  That's what I call great customer service!The desserts at St. Francis are my favorite.  I've devoured the sticky toffee pudding and the Apple Crumb Tart,  you should enjoy them at some point too.  I feel that this picture of the Apple Crumb Tart speaks for itself, you would be a fool to skip dessert here.My favorite dish at St. Francis, other than dessert, is the Pig Dip.  The pork loin is cooked perfectly, I'm a sucker for prosciutto and bacon and the fennel marmalade, Dijon and Gruyere make my taste buds scream for joy.  I have to state for the record that I have not had brunch here yet and it always looks fantastic when I see people posting pictures.
4	Like many other folk when I travel I like to eat at places I've seen featured on tv shows.  This one was on D,D, and D.  We ordered a variety of things and most of it was very good. The fingerling potatoes, the flatbread, and the chili were all very tasty.  The signature pig dip sandwich however was disappointing, and most expensive at $16.  And I did not care for the Moroccan meatballs, but others at the table did.  All in all and good experience but, like most things, didn't quite live up to expectations.
5	Love this place, free valet parking, great  menu choices, price are not outrages. Modern,vintage and a touch of rustic. Weekend at pack, but they make you feel connected while waiting. Great place for a very good weekend dinner.
5	Today my husband and I went to brunch at St Francis for the first time.  The food was fabulous, the service fantastic with Greg and Kaitlyn and of course the wonderful jazz music.  Can't wait to return!!!
3	Really good food. Nice happy hour. Kinda pricey but good quality food.The good: burgers, chile stew, rice dish, atmosphereThe bad: Moroccan meatballs were gross and everyone agreed. The server was not the best, we had a fruity little guy named Andrew. Never filled our drinks once and was kind enough to include himself a 20% tip on our tab.
2	I think the poor service would have been slightly forgiven if they had not added gratuity after "serving" our brunch.  Where to start:Tucker, our waiter, has reached his peak in the service industry.  Don't accept a 6 top if you can't handle a 6  top.  I go to brunch with 5 other girlfriends and due to a sore throat I was unable to speak my order above a whisper.  When my friend orders for me, he says; "She can't talk, but can she at least speak English?"  In addition to avoiding large groups, perhaps he's best avoiding minorities, as I am a Latina and have no tolerance for the assumption that I can't speak English.Our mediocre server then suggests the eggs benedict, drops off our food and does not return to assess whether we needed anything else.  The eggs were not poached and after bringing the plate to a random waiter, I was then brought eggs that STILL were not poached on cold english muffins.  Tucker never returned to make sure my second order was made properly.  He was no where to be found when we needed water, coffee, and/or drinks refilled.  We would have stayed, as everyone else enjoyed their mimosas and breakfast.  However, how can we stay any longer when our waiter doesn't reassess if his table needs anything?The live jazz was wonderful,  the hostess was kind.  Even the random waiter I brought my plate too was more than empathetic.  Hopefully you'll have a great experience and hopefully Tucker treats his future customers with a little more respect and a little less racism.
4	I recommend the chopped chicken salad.  Very good.  I really enjoyed the different flavors and that it was light on the dressing.  We were very pleased with our waiter, Andrew.  He made the evening out very pleasant.  I am very picky about my wine and he was so accommodating in trying to help me get the type of wine I liked.  I give 5 stars to Andrew.The take away is that it is difficult to enjoy your meal and your companion when you can hear the neighbor's conversation more than your companion's.  The people were very nice, but the tables are very close and make it difficult to have any conversation with anyone else at your table.The food is excellent.  I would recommend it and I will go back.
5	St. Francis is trendy, hip, and popular. It's on Camelback Rd. in Central Phoenix, a road filled with other unique and trendy restaurants. There is usually a pretty long wait on weekends. They do take reservations (for larger parties I think). St. Francis usually uses local, in season produce, so the menu sometimes changes. They have different seating options:- Inside and outside (depending on weather) bar- Upstairs dining- Outside patio with neat lighting- Downstairs dining room with open brick walls- I like the table right by the entrance that has glass walls. Although it's too warm in the summer.Menu recommendation:The flatbreads are basically a personal pizza. And they're amazing. I really like the prosciutto (and fig?) flatbread. Nice blend of sweet and salty. The crust is pretty crisp; love it.
5	Wow what a great place. We had the most amazing experience. Great food, great drinks and the service was unbelievable!  We will be going back!!
5	Best Salmon I have ever had. Great seasonal menu. Healthy. Fast service. Very pleased. Andrew was a great server! Never had a moment to wait for anything!
5	Fresh produce and baked breads! I enjoy the happy hour menu here. Drinks are refreshing. The vegetable forbidden rice bowl was delicious!
4	One of my favorite places in Phoenix! Great place to meet up with a friend for cocktails or have lunch with your mom or go for a dinner date.. The food is seasonal and the menu changes accordingly.. They always have a few staples, thank goodness the forbidden rice bowl never goes away, it's amazing!! They have great cocktails too..
5	Great beer and great flat breed pizzas. Try the vegetarian pizza and the goat cheese dip you won't be disappointed also go at happy hour
5	Wow what a decadent place. If you want to go to where all of Arizona's biggest and brightest converge, then this is where you want to be. I felt very underdressed even for a simple brunch out. The food wasn't exorbitantly expensive and was extremely good. The wait was ridiculous but I guess it's to be expected with this places popularity. Oh yeah and free valet! Can't beat that with a stick! I do believe I'll be back soon.
5	Trendy restaurant! The food is up to par and so is the service! It's a little pricey but perfect for a Friday night dinner out!
4	Went here for lunch.  Had the Summer Risotto. It was good and definitely had a refreshing flavor.
5	Just found this place and LOVE! The Santa Rosa cocktail was perfection! We also had the Moroccan meatballs and the verde pork...again divine. You can tell that there is love in the food. Our server was fantastic as well...shared his knowledge but not pushy. New favorite.
3	The food was good. Had the pot roast which was not special . The food took 1 hour to arrive at our table... Drinks were watered down.
3	A staple in Phoenix. Usually very good. This time was a little different. It was very busy which I always like.  Our reservation was for 830 and we arrived a little early for a a drink. They were very skimpy on their pours. Very weak drinks. We were sat exactly at 830 and our server was very courteous. Service was SLOW. We waited about 30 minutes before we received our appetizer. It was the hummus appetizer and was very tasty. Served with flat bread. For entree I had the roasted chicken. I thought the flavor was great but skin could have been crispier.  My partner had the pot roast and his comment was it was nothing special.  This is the issue with established restaurants, they sometimes become complacent. I'll be back because I have a gift axed I need to use up.
3	Service-average. Long wait time from order to serve. Food- fair (we tried salmon entree & a flatbread) Drinks- worst part...NOT GOOD AT ALL. After waiting over 30 min for my drink, the "special" tasted like hand soap (mint & lemon)...I don't return food/drinks almost ever but just could not even choke down the drink...the replacement I got (basic margarita) was watered down tasted like it had been sitting in a pitcher for awhile.Overall prices aren't ridiculous but for the product, you're better off elsewhere.Definitely will not go back & would not recommend.
4	The salmon flatbread is super yummy! Try the baked goods, specially the bacon sconce with creme fraise. Definitely a great brunch spot! I don't like the sort of forced valet situation,  I prefer to park my own car. But otherwise a great experience.
4	Excellent service, drinks, and atmosphere. Would recommend the santa rosa cocktail and french onion burger. The pork chile verde was good.  Not a huge fan of the goat cheese appetizer. Overall, not a bad place. I would go here again.
4	Had  the chili cheeseburger.  The food was very good and we were there on a Sunday brunch day.  Music was unbearably loud.  Service was brutal,   However, let me repeat ,The food was really good.If you don't like improvisational jazz or yelling at your guest so they can hear you, don't go here on Sunday during the brunch hours.  Seem like a great wine bar and a very cool atmosphere.
4	Had the flat bread meat...was delicious.  So was the meatballs. A little on the pricier side..you may dress up and not feel overdressed.
3	I got the special which was some sort of salmon risotto dish.  It was decent but nothing special.  My friend and some others got the Pig Dip sandwich, which they raved about and the fries that came with it were good!  I also got the Cucumber Cooler which was light and refreshing!  I really like the ambience and the feel of the place and I'd definitely go back and try some of the other dishes!
3	The food was good. The service was good. We would definitely come back to try other items on the menu. We weren't super impressed with the selection of food. Cool vibe, though.
2	Good foodValet onlyFar too loud inside. Had to yell and repeat myself constantly to a person just 3ft away.And had to cup my ear to hear others.One of the bench tables has no back - so you get to either bump into the people in back of you or lean far forward into your table.Bar is very small.Won't be back.Too bad. The food is pretty good.
4	I have been here a couple of times and always like what I get. The salmon is really nice.
5	Great food! I really like the French onion burger! It was amazing! This place is a must! I come here often and am never disappointed. Great place for a business lunch or date night.
4	I am the foodie of the family and my Dad is the one who introduced me to this restaurant.  It was a great addition to the Central & Camelback area that was overrun with chains.It is a little bit new, a little old, and cool all at the same time.  I keep trying to get there for happy hour because I know that the bar how that feature where they can open the door to the outside which I love.  I've had the omelette for breakfast which was fabulous and I recently went there for lunch and they also had a breakfast sandwich on the menu.  Not your ordinary sandwich for sure and it was so good. Let me preface by saying that they are part of the slow cooking food movement which means that your food is fresh.  I never liked food from other places being prepped so much that is was rushed out before you even finished your salad or appetizers.  Take your time, have a drink and enjoy the atmosphere.
5	Had an awesome happy hour early dinner.  Great deals on the menu.   Had an ice cold Hefe beer... and split a french onion burger and salad.  Super yummy all around.Waitress and staff were all over the service and our water cups were full at all times.  Service doesn't get any better than this.Great ambience and people watching to boot.
4	This place is all I thought it would be, DELICIOUS. The ambiance is cool laid back and fresh. They have an Urban contemporary feel, but somehow rustic in nature. Wife had the baked tomatoes and I had the pancake. I recommend sharing whatever you get as the pancake is really RICH, you need to cut it with something savory. Also be sure to add a side of meat if you select these two options. Sundays live Jazz brunc from 10:30am - 1:30pm, well worth it! I recommend the upstairs balcony seating overlooking the bar area (#greatpeoplewatching) For the guys going, there is a tv in the bar but most seats don't face it. Overall I give them 4 stars for my Sunday Brunch experience. We will visit again for dinner to see the night time Swag!
5	Cool style, great service, and delicious food. I had a cold when I went and the waitress went out of her way to bring me hot tea and honey. Try the fingerling potatoes and the iron skillet pancakes.
4	First visit with friends who had been here before. Even knowing the address it was a challenge to find as we drove into a setting sun. Once in the parking lot the complimentary valet parking took over and did a good job welcoming us. It happened to be restaurant week and we chose the three course menu. My wife had to have the pumpkin soup and loved it. I started with Brussels sprouts and chorizo risotto and it was good. The pork my wife had was good and the scallops I had were great. The panacotta was good and the sticky pudding was good too. The albarino wine went well with my dinner. Service was excellent. Somehow it still took 1.75 hours for dinner. Price for dinner for two on the three course restaurant week dinner with wine for one including tax and tip was $115 which is reasonable, I suppose but not "bargain city".
3	I've only been for breakfast and they try to get fancy with it. Nothing wrong with that but it just didn't taste right.I'll review them again once I try their dinner.Also, it's super hard to get a seat of you don't have a dinner reservation and it's valet parking only.
5	We went here specifically because of Diners, Drive-ins and Dives from Food TV.  We even got the Pig Dip that they featured on the show.  It was everything they claimed and more. Cooked perfectly. Amazing pork.  I'm not a fan of mustard, but it was perfect on this sandwich. We also had an appetizer of baked goat cheese. Wow. Delicious. Nice crowd, a little loud and would go back again in a minute. Highly recommend!
5	Delicious food & lovely ambience. The Moroccan meatballs are out of this world! Delish...
5	I was telling a friend about this place, and realized I never reviewed it. I couldn't get rwifi eception on my phone when I was dining there. The food was fabulous and the portions great! I had the burger which was so incredibly delicious and mouth watering. I also tried the flatbread with the smoked salmon and that was amazing :-) I went there during happy hours, because I hate to pay retail and love a good deal. lol!  must be the Jew gene!
5	I came to dinner here with a friend and sat at the bar. The Bartender was very welcoming and made excellent drinks!!We came for happy hour and after agreeing on 3 food items, the bartender had the order in before we even told him!! Great ears!! Couldn't have asked for better service was excellent and the food was just as good!We will definitely be back!!
5	Excellent food and a beautiful restaurant. Nice upscale but casual atmosphere with  creative menu items. Very professional and polite staff. Nice open air  patio/bar area that is great for a drink and conversation with friends.
5	Tried this place for the first time after seeing on Diners, Drive ins,and Dives . Love the breakfast and the service was superb. Highly recommend! Only wish they had all the breakfasts during the weekdays. First time I went they were not serving the breakfast I had come to try.
4	Pretty good lunch place, haven't tried it for any other meals.  The service was prompt and friendly, and the food was good.  There are some unique offerings on the menu.  It's a small place, so when the windows are closed it can be a little loud.
5	This place is awesome. I'm still sitting here finishing a perfect Old Fashioned and a veggie flatbread with super fresh, fragrant veggies and herbs with amazingly creamy goat cheese. Bartender is lovely, ambience is chill and classy. This place is great all around.
5	Romaine hearts w a delicious buttermilk dressing goes perfect with the Bacon and corn.Moroccan spiced meatballs are a true treat.Even a local (yes, Arizona) red wine that's not only surprisingly good but better than a lot of California's.Do I look forward to a return? In the words of Bart scott, "can't wait!"
5	Best Cheeseburger I ever ate. Ever and I've eaten a lot...
5	I don't write many reviews, but St. Francis is one of the best foodie joints I've been too. Knowledgeable staff and great use of ingredients. Had the Pig Dip and am thinking about coming back for dinner. Definitely will come back next trip to Phoenix.
4	Oh, St. Francis, how can you get is so right, but so wrong all at the same time?!?!?I particularly love their HH menu with delicious meal choices stolen right from their regular menu for under $10 and $5 cocktails before 6pm every day, even on weekends. To have a great HH in Cenpho, you've got to have good food options and good drink options, not just one or the other. I've ordered close to half of the items on their menu and hands down, my favorite is the chicken salad sandwich. I usually order it sans toast, and without the bread. The dressing on the chicken salad is delicious, but slightly over powering, so I also suggest asking for half of the dressing. I also enjoy the Meatball appetizer, but I would suggest sharing this one with a couple of people. It's basically two or three big meatballs, while delicious, I've usually had enough after one and am ready for my chicken salad.I always enjoy their vegetables; they're oh so delicious, perhaps even up in the amazing category. This has been hit or miss for me, but I usually try to get them to serve whatever their vegetable is that day. I enjoy St Francis for their fresh and delicious flavors, they can do some great things with veggies here, the trouble is they don't ever seem to want me ordering them. I'm at about 50 / 50 when it comes to them subbing out veggies for the fries, so when they don't seem to want to accommodate, I generally get the side salad instead. They usually give me some response like, the kitchen can't make you a side of vegetables, that dish comes with either fries or a side salad, and I ultimately give in on the salad. Honestly, why do you need to be so b*tchy about subbing out fries for vegetables, as if there is no kitchen back there. I'm not asking for free food, charge me for the change and call it a day. Is it impossible for you to imagine someone might NOT want to eat fries!?!?! On one occasion, I was here with a large party of 15 or so for a birthday meal. We made reservations and requested that separate checks be accommodated; well, it appears there was a breakdown between the person who made the reservation and the wait staff who apparently don't like doing separate checks. They refused to accommodate this request, and it started to get awkward. I was not looking to make a big deal out of it, I took care of the bill myself, and went on about our evening without upsetting the nights festivities, but that could have been handled better, much, much better than me paying for everything myself.A few notes to St. Francis operations.Why is it so difficult for your staff to accommodate something other than fries with a chicken salad sandwich? You're a restaurant, you make food, I want food, please make me the food, so I can eat the food and leave happy.Why take a reservation with the stipulation of accommodating separate checks and then have your wait staff groan about how they can't do separate checks?Staff should be accommodating where they can, I don't feel I'm being unreasonable here to expect to be able to order what I want to order, and pay how I want to pay.I guess the moral of this story is, if you want to come with a large group, they will probably make a big deal out of it, so be prepared. If you want to change up your meal with something as *crazy* as vegetables, good luck. With all that in mind, I still think St. Francis is one of my favorite spots. I'll be back by myself for sure, I might even bring my friends, but only if I'm planning on covering the check.Happy Yelping Phoenix!
3	Nice, little trendy restaurant with complimentary valet service.  I almost couldn't believe that it was complimentary and my mother kept trying to give the guy some money for parking our car.Upon entering, we were immediately attacked by some wood or bark that fell off a top shelf and almost nailed my mom.  I helped pick up the mess before we were shown to our table.We were seated in the middle of the restaurant, but they let us move to a better table near the back.Water came out a few minutes later, which is a good sign.We ordered a few drinks from the HH menu: an almond margarita and some type of lemonade, cucumber concoction.  I didn't care for the cucumber drink, so I stole the margarita from my mom.I specifically wanted to try their Pig Dip sandwich, because I had seen it on Triple D and Guy raved about it.The Pig Dip is not on the HH menu, but their kitchen approved my request.  We also decided to try their Moroccan meatballs.Okay, the plates are huge and make it difficult to navigate due to the small size of their tables.  I'm not referring to the portions. I'm talking about the strange wood plates they use when serving hot dishes straight out of their wood-fired oven.Now, the food really leaves a lot to be desired.  At this point, I had been enjoying myself, but the food detracted from the overall experience.The meatballs have a decent flavor, but they are INCREDIBLY salty.  I probably wouldn't order them again.The Pig Dip sandwich is served with an au jus-like sauce and French fries.  The fries were absolutely delicious, but the au jus had too much vinegar or something.  It made the sandwich taste terrible and I couldn't figure out what it was until I stopped dipping my sandwich in that awful stuff.The Pig Dip by itself isn't too bad, but it certainly isn't one of the best sandwiches I have ever had.  It isn't even in my top 5.  This was slightly depressing, because Guy made it seem like something special.  It clearly wasn't.It also cost $16, which makes it one of the most overpriced sandwiches I have ever had.Listen, St. Francis, I have eaten far better sandwiches than your Pig Dip for almost half the price.  I realize that you make most of the ingredients in-house, but that is just a ridiculous price for an average sandwich.In sum, St. Francis offers an interesting combination of products, a great HH menu, and utilizes attractive decorations to make their customers feel comfortable.I would probably go back.
5	A hidden gem! Everything great! Food, service, atmosphere, MARTINI'S..... WOW.  The fingerling potato appetizer is huge,, enough for 5-6 I think.  The toffee dessert was the best, even if you think you are full,, GET IT!
2	I've been here a handful of times and always had a pleasant experience. Until I went to the brunch. We had 6 people and reservations, so we were seated immediately. I thought we waited slightly longer then we should have to place our orders, but everyone is talking & having fun so I wouldn't mark that against them. I didn't see any $5 cocktails as mentioned in another review. That is something I usually enjoy in most central Phx brunch spots. So we order and no joke it took 1 hour to get our food. The server never once apologized or even commented about the wait until we asked. He told us since we were a large party the kitchen gets backed up. 6? Is a large enough party to throw off the entire kitchen? When we did finally get our food, 4 of us were served and the other 2 waited for 5 more min.... Even though they were the same dishes as the next person. The food was good, never had a problem with that part. This is when we probably bothered the server by asking him to split charges on 4 different cards. 2 were a couple & 1 had cash. Gratuity was included so we told him exact amount to charge on every card. Equally divided, doubled for the couple. He took the time to identify who's card belonged to who, but when he rang it up, realized it didn't add up (cuz of missing cash) instead of walking the 10 feet to table to double check, he decided to divide it evenly among cards. Ugh we already had this figured out. He came back and everyone was upset about it. He then got snippy and said well I have to refund everyone and redo it. Yes you do. A simple walk over when amounts didn't match up would have saved a lot of time. I allowed myself 1hr & 45 min to have brunch and get to my next engagement. 2hrs and 15 min later we were still getting the check mess figured out. This was not due to lingering & drinking. This was how long it took to get us food and get us out the door. I really should have spoke to the manager, but I just didn't want to be the a second longer. I was over an hour late to next event :(
5	We love to come here, their menu is great..very cute urban place. Great location as well.
5	Roasted chicken is amazing. Nice crispy outside and juicy inside. Was in a hurry to catch a flight and the server made the effort to get me in and out as quickly as reasonably possible (about a 45 min meal)Will have to go back to try other dishes
5	This was my first visit. I was there for lunch on a Saturday. Let me break it down.Service: The host was pleasant and accommodating when, right after he seated us, we asked to move outside. It was such a nice day. He had us sit by the outdoor fireplace while they cleaned a table for us. Our waiter was friendly, and a random waitress asked if she could turn our table around so my husband and I could sit together, rather than across from each other. AND the manager (?) gave us free baked goodies from brunch!Food: I had the pork chili verde. It was tasty and the cornbread- moist and sweet. The highlights were my husband's Moroccan meatballs and his cherry, almond soda. I don't even like soda, but I drank all of his. SO good! We asked if there were cinnamon rolls left from brunch for dessert. The server was told there weren't but said he would check anyway. He came back with a cinnamon roll the size of my head smothered in caramel. It was melt-in-your-mouth heaven.Atmosphere: Great music and intimate- inside and out. I'm excited to go back for dinner, because I bet its beautiful on their patio at night.
5	Met a group of people here for Happy Hour and it was so worth it! Servers are friendly and efficient, food is excellent (try the pumpkin soup!!!!) and their HH prices can't be beat!  Even thought the place was 3/4's filled (it was Halloween night), the place isn't noisy at all and you can carry on a conversation. Highly recommend!
4	We love this place for Sunday Brunch. However, they ran out of coffee mugs. A place of this caliber this should never happen. I know this is a small thing, but It's the small things that can make the difference. The food however is still awesome. Staff are great. I hope this isn't the beginning of the decline of one of my favorite restaurants. But for now I still highly recommend St. Francis.
1	We don't know if we are somehow jinxed, but while we have had a favorable opinion of the food, the restaurant cannot seem to connect the dots with service.  Tonight was a prime example - a relatively quiet Sunday evening around 7:30.  We sat at the bar and placed our order for dinner.  The soup and bread came out uneventfully, but it went downhill after that.  The waitress / bartender brought out my entree, the Risotto, and instead of what my partner had ordered - their pork chop - she brought out the pot roast for him  Then she proceeded to tell us that she had punched in the order wrong, and added that they were out of the port chops - this after I had my meal in front of me.  We were ready to walk out of the restaurant at that point, and then a chef came out and suddenly advised us that they were not out of pork chops.  Knowing that the chop is cooked on the entire rack from prior visits (hence "the limited availability") we then knew that either the waitress and/or the kitchen had initially lied to us to foist an unwanted entree item on us.  15 minutes later, after I had stalled in eating my meal so I would not be finished before the other entree arrived we finally had the second meal.  All in all, the night was a very stressful and unpleasant ordeal.  Several visits earlier, our entire dinner order was "lost" - this after we waited for 40 minutes after finishing the soup.While the food has generally been pretty good, the service level will take this restaurant off of our list, which is a shame since we live only a half mile away, and like to support all of the neighborhood establishments.
4	Great food and atmosphere.  Staff is great, prices are reasonable.  Very nice addition to the neighborhood!
4	Packed for Happy Hour.  Breakfast on the weekend rocks!!  Try the Cinnamon Rolls - bunch of goodness!Some severs have attitudes but there are some Awesome ones too.  Service does need to be worked on.  There is a lot of people during peak times. just jump right in. Food well worth the visit bit a bit pricey.Fun people watching!
2	My third visit here, not sure if I'll make a fourth.  After a lot of attempts we finally made it here for their brunch menu.   My mother had been wanting to try their skillet pancake after seeing it on Food Network.  I was looking forward to having their Eggs Benedict with salmon again.   Our service with Ryan was good.  We had a couple issues with our dishes though.   A side order of bacon that we'd requested as "crispy" was not, and the skillet pancakes apparently are not made fresh upon ordering? There was some ore made in the kitchen visable from entering the restaraunt and when served they failed to come with the cooked apples and whipped cream on top.  We had to ask for them and server then noticed they were bare .  After all the anticipation it was less than stellar.  My eggs Benedict : eggs were cold and although poached, they were very undercooked still.  The inside whites were visably raw and watery.
5	One of the best restaurants I've been to in Phoenix. The food was spectacular. The service was world class. Although I only had a few items on the menu, I would be willing to bet every single item is off the charts tasty. Great ambiance and don't forget to watch DDD before going!
5	I love this place. The space is eclectic and the staff is exceptional at customer service. I enjoyed an afternoon hanging out at the bar taste testing new cocktails and chatting with Angel. The owner is personable and continuously works the room chatting with customers and pitching in with food and drink service. He leads by example and his team reacts well to his laid back style.I had a Mexican style meatball dish from the Thursday night Happy Hour menu and delish heats of romaine salad on my second visit. It is worth the venture out of the downtown core!
5	Great atmosphere, great food, kids eat free, excellent friendly wait staff, what else can you ask for?
3	Went for breakfast with a couple of foodies, when I arrived they had a delicious cinnamon bun waiting for me, great for sharing and very tasty. I ordered a frittata and a Bellini, everyone else got green chili skillets which were amazing. My "frittata" consisted of a paper thin piece of overcooked egg and raw veggies on top. It was inedible. When the server came by, she was oblivious to the situation, never asked if we needed for drinks or how our food was. When the bus boy came by he grabbed the untouched plate and there was no mention of this foe frittata ever again. I was very disappointed in my food and the service, but luckily I have friends who share well. Not writing it off completely, but definitely avoiding the "frittata".
5	I loved this place! Ambiance is great and the food is really consistent across the menu. I'd recommend the roasted cauliflower and the pork green Chile (cornbread was terrific). The meatballs were good but there's a ton of cumin in them. Also really liked the side salad.
5	This restaurant has a creative, tasty menu and very pleasant atmosphere.  We had a group of four that sat outside and feasted.  We started with the goat cheese appetizer, and it was amazing, probably my favorite dish of the day.  We also had the roasted cauliflower that my companions raved about.  For entree's, I had the Moroccan meatballs, an excellent choice.  My companions had the pulled pig sandwich, which was good, the risotto, and the definite winner of the the day, the pork chile verde with two eggs on top.  That dish was simply amazing.  Also, we tried the caramel toffee pudding, half of us loved it and half of us left it; it is very sweet.  One caveat, this is not a business luncheon place:  service is very, very slow.  We were at leisure, so it was fine with us, but this was a two-hour lunch from the time we sat down until we paid out.  But if you have time, go for the goat cheese appetizer and the pork chile verde, I will!
3	I had the eggs Benedict w/avocado, daughter had the kids pizza, & my husband had the American breakfast. The food was okay - I would say that the breakfast items aren't spectacular. The potatoes are different, but good. I had to add more salt & some pepper because I felt that my dish was a bit bland. The hollandaise sauce didn't give it much flavor. The service from the servers was a bit slow but they were friendly! Our bill came out to be $30 so for us it wasn't worth coming back for brunch. However, we're willing to try it for dinner especially since our toddler can eat for free. That's what earned them the third star.
5	My friends and I came here for lunch last week.  I was in town for a short time,  catching up with old friends. They had complimentary valet parking and the staff was very friendly.  We had the first table when you walk in the front door.  It was nicely designed restaurant and very homey and inviting.  This restaurant is very kid friendly, they have a box of toys, and Kids under 10 eat for free.  My two favorite dishes was the Roasted Salmon Superfood and the Pork Chile Verde.  The salmon was cooked perfectly and seasoned to perfection.  The veggies and the quinoa in the Superfoods were delicious and paired well with the Salmon. The Pork Chile Verde was so delicious.  My friend ordered this first and let me try a sample and then after my Salmon dish i ordered the Prok Chile Verde.  I don't normally like Chili but this dish flavors was so on point and it was delicious.  I ordered two dishes for lunch, both were amazing and made super happy!  I will definitely will come back if i ever visit Phoenix again.  I would definitely go if I had kids under age 10, they get to eat for free! That is amazing!  Thanks for the good food and awesome service.
5	What a wonderful restaurant!  The food is amazing: bold but balanced flavors in original, interesting and absolutely ecstatic combinations. The environment is comfortable and friendly, if a tiny bit hipster-ish, but ultimately a lovely place for dinner. 6 stars if I could give 'em!
5	Great alternative to eating at a resort while we were in town.  Has a cool urban vibe to it (even though it's on main road) and the food (all locally sourced apparently) was delicious.  Best part was the prices - great value (though we're from Boston so anything is cheap to us)!
5	Woww So Great this Food is at St Francis Restaurant. Yum...just writing this is making me want to go back right now. Hertz Car Sales Phoenixs' friend Brian O'Malley let us know how awesome the food is and he was absolutely right. Thanks so much Brian.Your restaurant is crazy comfy with such good food....I'm heading over now. Happy Camper, John Fliss and the guys over at Hertz Car Sales Phoenix.
3	A nice trendy place to eat the sources everything local and fresh. If your looking for intimacy this is not the place as your conversation will be heard with the table next to you. It was very cramped with small portions for the money, but worth a try if you want something different.
5	Friend said he seen this place on t.v. and the reviews are great, so we drove out to Phoenix to try it out. The bar tenders are very friendly and the outdoor seating is very nice.Ordered:French Onion Burger - OMG the best burger I ever had, the taste, size, texture,  everything was amazing about it. #1 burger in my books. Pig Dip - It has a unique taste, like how you dip it in the broth to soften up the bread, but I wasnt wow about it. Must come to spot for the burger.
4	Great... The food is great. I ordered the scallops and it cooked perfectly. I normally afraid to order scallops b'c it is difficult to prepare and cook well. However, it was done well. I would recommend this place to others who love great food, warm atmosphere, good service.
4	I love the food here and the ambience. My only complaint is that there is no parking and only valet. They claim it's free but you have to carry cash if you want to tip them. And I rarely carry cash....
4	Great food and service. I had their Chorizo Scramble and it was very good. Just the right amount of heat with great flavor. Next time I'm trying the Eggs Benedict, it looked really good. I would definitely recommend this restaurant.
4	Great... The food is great. I ordered the scallops and it cooked perfectly. I normally afraid to order scallops b'c it is difficult to prepare and cook well. However, it was done well. I would recommend this place to others who love great food, warm atmosphere, good service. They even have Charlie Chaplin film playing outside seating area. Lovely place. Oh, don't miss Apple Crumb Tart for dessert.
4	LOVED the food here, the service, the atmosphere.  And I'm picky.  We got to sit outside under the grapevines.  The cocktails are creative and refreshing.  The food is healthy and delicious. Our server was excellent.  I will go back the next time I'm in Phoenix.
4	LOVED the food here, the service, the atmosphere.  And I'm picky.  We got to sit outside under the grapevines.  The cocktails are creative and refreshing.  The food is healthy and delicious. Our server was excellent.  I will go back the next time I'm in Phoenix.
3	Great restaurant, with fine cocktails and good ambiance.  I give it three stars because of their terrible parking situation, which is "complimentary" valet.  First of all, it's totally inconvenient because it adds an extra 5-10 mins to your visit as you have to hand off your keys when you get there and then wait around for them to fetch your car when you're ready to leave.  And valets are never truly complimentary, as tipping the valet is standard.  Get it together St. Francis!  This is Phoenix, not DC, NYC or Chicago.
4	Three of us had excellent meals at St. Francis. The goat cheese appetizer was a tasty starter. My pot roast was quite flavorful though a bit fatty. The salmon was a big hit and the Moroccan meatballs were good as well though you have to be prepared for Moroccan seasonings like cinnamon. The sticky toffee dessert was a good choice to share for the table.
4	Good food, friendly wait staff, causal atmosphere and great place to meet friends for lunch or dinner for a relaxing meal. If you are looking for an adventure into the best of wine from Arizona, you can get it there.
3	I was so excited to come here. Always made plans that never materialized. So me and two foodie buds descended upon the much talked about St Francis, ready to be wowed. Well, not quite what happened. We ordered beer...big surprise. I smelled the musty odor of my "not clean, or maybe dried with a disgusting towel" beer glass. We all know the smell. I tried to not breathe in as I drank until one of my comrades was like "WTH?" as he sipped his. We then watched as the bartenders refilled empty juice containers without rinsing them, and wiped more glasses with towels that were getting a lot of use. The bar was also really dirty. "They need to hire a chick", was one suggestion. That might work, depending on the chick. This so detracted from the experience that though the food was stellar, and it so was, I cannot say I enjoyed it as I may have if I wasn't smelling mildew glass the whole time. "Why didn't you ask them to clean your glass?", you ask? Because they were cleaning EVERYTHING with these same gross towels and I was afraid to. Big wins-Mongolian Meatballs and Cheese Flatbread. Skip the bar, sit at a table and drink from the bottle...
4	Really nice setting really nice waitress and waiter staff. Valet parking that was very nice addition. We are to be Moroccan meatballs they are very rich so maybe ask for another piece of bread to help break it down. Who was pretty good and reasonably priced portions are big enough that you could share. It's kind of tucked away in a corner so you need to slow down as you're approaching it or you could drive right by it. Overall I would recommend coming here.
4	Made a reservation for 3 for last night via OpenTable. Got to the restaurant and there was complimentary valet service, I parked in the Bank of America lot next door because I don't need someone to valet my car when I only have to walk 7 feet to the restaurant.The restaurant is really nice inside, everything seemed clean. We were seated upstairs, I hate long booths with tables right next to each other, reminded me of why I hated most NYC restaurants.We got the goat cheese appetizer which was the highlight of the meal for everyone. I got a burger with onion rings on it, I would give the a 3 out of 5 stars, if I returned I would probably get something else. I'm surprised they don't have a burger with an egg on the top, seems like the perfect place for that. I saw someone else on here say the onion burger was the best burger they've had, the bun was good, everything else seemed average to above average. This is coming from a guy who went on a burger tour when I used to live in NYC. I would return but there are other places I plan on going first before I do.
5	Sunday brunch has great breakfast selections. Today's daily special was a filet mignon with salsa, over easy eggs and delicious crispy fingerling potatoes. The tomato baked eggs were moderately good. The eggs need a little more time to cook Nd set in the hot skillet. Finally, you must save room for the iron skillet pancake which is a super thick cakey chocolate chip filled pancake topped with Apple, whipped cream and olive oil drizzle resting in a pool of maple syrup. A big winner.
5	Nailed it!  The atmosphere is great!  The service is great!  The Italian Sandwich is the BEST Italian Sandwich I have ever eaten.  This will be a regular stop!
