4	So last night, I took the family including the god-daughter to Shane's for a little break and get some grub.  We've been there several times and for quick and cheap BBQ, it's rather good.This is the first time I've written about my god-daughter, so a little background on her, she weighs maybe 120 soaking wet wearing cement shoes, but can put it away more than anyone I know.So I get the pulled pork sandwich with a side of macaroni and cheese, my wife gets a dirt pulled pork sandwich (Cole slaw on top) and my god-daughter gets the buffalo wings with french fries.  We had more than enough food.  My sandwich with the original BBQ was great and we like the Macaroni and Cheese there.  This was my wife's first try at a dirty sandwich and didn't notice much in taste, but did acknowledge that the sandwich was more crunch.  My god-daughter thought the buffalo wings were good with the BBQ that gave the little spice a nice tang flavor.  The side of fries was huge, could have easily feed quite a few people with them.The portions overall are good in size and the service, for ordering at the counter and they bring it to you has always been pleasant, the staff seems to enjoy working there and we have some fun with them on our visits, enough that will keep bringing us back.
3	At work, we received a huge stack of coupons for a discount sandwich at the Happy Valley Rd & I-17.  Boy were we glad to get those coupons.  For a period of time, I had been eating here 3 times / week.  And that was a great run.So now, eating there dozens of times, I can say the food each time is totally delicious - like criminally delicious.   When I am in the mood, I will willingly take the setback the "Big Dad" pulled pork sandwich will cause me in my nutritional dietary efforts.  And like it.  The food tastes so good likely because its very true to Southern BBQ cuisine is juiced with lots of that saturated fat stuff.  Whats also great are the chicken tenders.  You can get 4 or 6 and tell them you want different flavors on all of them.  Wow, thats heaven on earth to eat those.  I know that running extra miles on the canal will soon be necessary.So now that the coupons are expired, I do not frequent Shane's as I consider this not a good value for lunch fare.  The portions are not adequate unless you order a side.  And since I dont drink soda, this is one of the places I can leave hungry.
4	I like Shanes. The food is good, the staff is nice, the price is just right. Don't get me wrong, it is still fast food BBQ. It does not replace the real stuff. If you want a good tasting, good sized, bbq plate then check em out.
4	Had the pleasure of enjoying their Family Style Meal this week.  Oh Lord was it GOOD !  Dang, it made me homesick.  The Pork BBQ sandwich was strangely addicting, kinda like I imagine crack would be if I had ever tried it.  lol  I found myself craving those toasted slightly sweet buns piled high with pork bbq goodness all weekend.  Luckily there is not one near my house and I am on a strict mission to fit into a dress come November.  I do predict Shane's will be a monthly treat, one well worth waiting for.
2	The first trip there i stood and waited at the register for several minutes and no one came to the front. I decided to give them another shot.  Ok I admit I am spoiled when it comes to BBQ....ahhhh Rudy's BBQ I miss ya.  While this is MUCH better than the other "BBQ" or "Steak/Roadhouses"  in the area.  The collard greens were too strangely sweet.  The cobbler tasted like they used bacon grease for the paste they call a crust. I may go again for the meat but I will pass on the sides.
5	Well, we were sure astonished to find a great rib joint in a mall! The sampler was more than enough for two people -- everything was good, but especially the chicken.I like most BBQ, but Shane's reminded us that the stuff we have up our way (Seattle) is pretty lame. Shane's does a classic Southern style BBQ, which is complex and spicy. Like another of the reviewers, I thought the greens were a little on the sweet side.The staff does a great job of getting the orders out quickly, and keeping the place clean and appealing. If we lived in the Phoenix area, we'd be regulars.
5	Make the BEST ribs I've ever had. Order a full rack with mashed potatoes. You'll be in heaven. This place and Bobby Q's are pretty close in my book with good BBQ. Those are actually the only two places I consider even remotely "good" for BBQ. It's harder to find than it should be. Anyway, this is not really a restaurant. It's a order at the counter, they bring your food, and that's it kind of place. Their sweet tea is THE BEST! Their ribs are always fall off the bone tender, meaty, and just the right amount of sauce. Their mashed potatoes are amazing, I don't know how they make them, but Yum! The West Gate location is not good at all. If you want good Shane's you gotta go to this one.
5	Shane's Rib Shack is my go to place for Lunch. You will spend between $7 - $10 dollars unless you go for the ribs. I have had just about everything on the menu. My favorite is the Beef Brisket Sandwich with the beans and a large drink. These sandwiches are huge and sometimes I can't finish them. Their ribs and chicken fingers along with the Big Dad Pork Sandwich are great as well. They have all kinds of different barbeque sauces and the staff is friendly and very helpful. They have an outdoor area and just a relaxing place to have a meal.
4	Hell yeah. I've eaten at Shane's every Tuesday since I've been working in the area (since September 09). TENDER TUESDAY FTW. Tenders, a side, and a drink for $7.. just recently raised from $6.50. Seriously just awesome chicken tenders.. nearly on par with Rock N Roll fingers in Tempe. I used to get mine tossed in Teriyaki sauce but now I just get them plain. They also offer grilled tenders which I may switch to in the near future. The side of fries is obscene. I have trouble with self control when it comes to eating and would always attempt to finish all of the fries and tenders which nearly always resulted in hurt. I have switched to the green beans which are both delicious and healthy.
4	Fast food at an outdoor mall is not supposed to be good, so we weren't expecting much.  We got the tenders with a few different sauces on the side.  I don't even know why we bothered with the teriyaki and buffalo sauces--the original bbq sauce is the best!  We were loving Shane's and were bummed we weren't hungrier for more.  Considering all the different chain restaurants we bypassed on our way from Phoenix to Sedona, I'm so glad we took a risk and stopped at Shanes!
3	What is more discussable that regional BBQ? I've never met BBQ I didn't like. I tried the "Shack Sampler" with ribs, pulled pork and chicken tenders. I never considered deep fried chicken tender as BBQ before. Ribs were tender, but the BBQ sauce was way too sweet for my taste.  Pork was good but a little dry. Tenders were very good. Slaw was very good and the beans were ok. Staff was friendly and fast.Will I go back? Probably. Should you try it? Absolutely, if you like a sweet BBQ sauce.
4	Great place, relaxed atomsphere, well stocked with wet naps. The service can be a little better, overall excellent. The pulled pork and baked beans were the best part of the meal. The ribs themselves don't fall behind too far behind. The only complaint, other then service, the beef brisket was sadly lacking.
4	Decent BBQ food but nothing to scream about... but be prepared to have a TON of food to eat.
4	Pretty good.I like their sauce that they have at each table, especially the spicy version.I get pork bbq and fries.Gets a little messy but thats cool.Fast. Look for the value lunches. I like it because it includes a drink (you refill yourself)
3	The lunch group from work eats at Shane's at least every other week.  They really fill you up and we like the many different side dish options.  My family likes to eat at Shane's because the kids can get macaroni and cheese.  The only gripe I have is that the quality of the food is not always consistent.  Sometimes the beef and pork are too fatty or too dry.  The chicken is almost always too dry and chewy.
1	From the outside I thought it was a sit down restaurant, when actually it was a fast food type joint.I've tried the pulled pork and the chicken sandwhich. Quite subpar: very chewy and not fresh at all. When I recieved my pulled pork sandwhich I noticed that the meat was scooped on the bread, cafeteria style...YUCK.There are better BBQ places out there.
4	Our place to go once a month or so.  very good.
3	If your in the Norterra area looking for BBQ, this is an A-OK place to go.  It's quick and cheap as far as BBQ goes.  Their service is very good and they offer a different special each day.You can't go wrong with their pulled pork sandwich with cole slaw on top.  They BBQ pork the way it should be, slow and low and with out the sauce until your ready to eat it.  It's probably the best thing on their menu! They have good fries and the other sides are average at best.  My son loves their mac~cheese but it's too dried out and over cooked if your eating dinner, so come to eat their mac~cheese for lunch! I found their beef brisket and ribs to be over cooked if you can imagine that... (how can you over cook ribs?) I've ordered them a couple of different times and found them to be a little dry and chewy.  My son also loves their chicken fingers, but what kid doesn't?   They have different types of BBQ sauce for you to choose from based on your pallet's desire of sweetness, tang-y-ness or ready for some heat.Next time your near Norterra and looking for BBQ that's quick and cheap, this is a good place to go.  Have a pulled pork sandwich with cole slaw on top, use their hot BBQ sauce, side of fries and a sweet iced tea!
4	To be quite honest, I've never heard of this place until I wandered by it one lazy Saturday. A friend and I went in expecting to see "ribs" as the primary dish to get. Man, were we wrong! They have amazing pork BBQ sandwiches. Not the BEST, but pretty close (the top 3 in my book of Phoenix BBQ).The size of the sandwich is definitely filling. My favorite part is when the sandwich has the coleslaw inside it. I saw that they can also cater events, which is totally awesome! I would love to have the next work event catered by Shane's. It looks like they give you tons of BBQ pork to make sandwiches.
4	I really really avoided going to this place altho I heard a ton of good things.  I don't know why... because it was pretty darn good pork. One thing tho... it has almost been ruined by being franchised... starting to get a slight pre-made taste/feel to it.I don't know exactly what a "pre-made" taste/feel really tastes or feels like, so don't ask me to define it, but when I go in, I feel like I'm walking into Panda Express or some other chain.Food and service is still good tho.
3	It's not the worst place, it's not the best.  The meats are good.  The bread is often a little soggy from too much butter.  The sides are all sub-par.I'd probably get the meat to-go and make the rest of the meal myself with sides I picked up at the grocery store.
4	One of the better barbecue places around. The sauce here isn't as Texas-y as I usually like, but it's still very good, and goes well with the meat.I've been here a couple times, and I'll stick with the brisket sandwich. The buttery Texas toast was a pleasant surprise - most places stick with a boring cheap hamburger bun, so it was nice to see something different. The meat was tender and flavorful, and the side of mac and cheese was decent as well.A little out of the way, but definitely worth going back to.
4	The food is real good and close to home.I prefer real smokey meats but give them 4 stars for their quick and friendly service and food that is always hot.  Large side portion of french fries and the beans and Brunswick stew are real good.(portions need to be a tad bigger) Cole slaw is OK. Pulled pork always great and several sauces to choose from.
5	Best Chicken Fingers/Tenders on the planet!! I've been there at least twenty times and had the chicken tenders nineteen times. The ribs are pretty good also. I'm surprised that they don't serve Hush-puppies but that is the only jab I could take. Just awesome.
4	I've switched to Shane's as my local BBQ place after eating there couple times.  Their Smothered Pork sandwich is a definite must have.  It is slow-smoked, hand-chopped pork with Shane's secret sauce, piled high on a bun and topped off with their creamy coleslaw.  I always go to BBQ places thinking I will need a lot of extra BBQ sauce, but with this sandwich you really don't.  Very flavorful and very huge.  I recently went in with a coupon for a buy one sandwich get one free (with a purchase of a drink too) and I got two of the Smothered Pork sandwiches.  Had one for dinner, put the other one in a ziplock bag in the fridge.  It was perfect the next day for lunch and I didn't have to even reheat it.  Great deal, great food, I'll be back.
4	This is our family's favorite BBQ place. Their prices are really reasonable. The portions are huge. The sample platter is big enough for two people to share but the food is so good you won't want to share! Make sure to try their fried okra - it's wonnnderful!
4	Overall, I recommend. The pulled chicken and it was a little dry so I use extra BBQ sauce to bring freshness to it. BBQ food tends to be greasy so keep that in mind.
4	Yummy BBQ. I love the pulled pork sandwich. The ribs are insane. Even their salads are incredible, which is rare for a bbq joint.Hint: If you only want water, their water cups are the largest I have ever seen and they are free. I appreciate that. I also love that they leave out thickly sliced lemons for my water.
4	I love the wings here. Especially the wing special on wednesday. You buy 10 wings and get 10 free. Usually have to split with someone. Wings are larger than normal. The BBQ sauce is good. Personally i like spicy. i think it's hotter than the HOT BBQ sauce. The BIG DAD sandwich is good too. Also the BBQ chicken sandwich. The regular cheese burger is good as well.  I haven't had anything else on the menu besides what i mentioned. I like shane's Rib shack !
2	We were in the mood to try something new and BBQ was on our minds. Shane's Rib Shack was close and we had never tried it so hey why not, right?The two stars is for the service. The girls were great and we didn't have any problem with ordering or receiving our food.However, my husband ordered wings and I ordered ribs and we were so sick by the time we got home (we live 10 minutes away) that I was really glad my house has multiple bathrooms. Having said that my son and our roommate were fine. Not sure what the problem was but I will not be eating here again sadly. I was hoping it was going to be good.
3	The place was attractive enough, the smell was good. The place is nice and clean. Doesn't serve alcohol though, oddly, despite the beer signage all over the interior. The service was quite good though, and the staff was very friendly, so I am torn. The food tasted good but made me a little sick. Price was a little high as well. If not for the Wednesday special I probably would not have eaten here.Wing special on Wednesdays, and the wings are great. Wish they came with carrot sticks though.-1 for the slightly-higher-than-they-should-be prices-1 for making me illOtherwise, it was pretty good
4	Been here a few times. Enjoyed their pulled pork first time. Second time I got their wings and fell in love! Very delicious. Wing Wednesday is buy 10 get 10 wings.
5	Love this place! Always nice staff. Awesome chicken tenders and wings, the sauce is addicting!
2	Yuck. I've been dragged here a few times, food is always terrible. Why is everything always sticky here? I've tried the big dad and the chicken tenders, both really gross. Chicken is really chewy and the meat for the big dad sandwich is like, I don't even know. It seems like it has been stewing in a crock pot all day and then slopped onto your sandwich. Really gross meat. The sauces can't help the horrible texture. Unfortunately this is one of the only places that sell fried okra. The service seems to have dropped off the map too. Every time I order a side of ranch, I never get it and always have to ask for it. Every time. I'm shocked at how many good reviews this place has, must be friends of the owner? If you want some real BBQ, try pork on a fork just down the road. Blows this place (and pretty much every other place for that matter) away.
2	My first experience here I saw a sign that read something along the lines of "always fresh", so with that in mine I ordered some chicken tenders that were not breaded. They were clearly frozen, not fresh, and completely dry/disgusting. My friends were really excited about the pork sandwiches they ordered.
4	This place is hit or miss! When it hits, it's the 4th best BBQ in Phoenix, but honestly that's saying quite a bit. 1 - Bryan's 2 - Bobby Q 3- Famous Dave's 4 - Shane's Last - Dickies, Joes Real BBQ, and McD's McRib.
2	BBQ is done a few different ways and I know lots of people that really like this place but I am not one of them and would not go back.  It reminds me of the pit style BBQ they have in Alabama.  Nothing was really wrong I just don't like this style of BBQ.
3	The pulled pork was good and they have great brownies. Service is usually good.
4	Very good BBQ especially for fast food. Love the fried okra and the variety of sauces. Better BBQ than you'd expect from a chain.  Always consistent with very clean interior and fantastic sweet tea!
2	The food is okay. Not something I crave for let alone want to go to with so many other choices around. It's food is average at best.
2	"How much did you spend?""Twenty-something.""We should have went to Chipotle."If that exchange does not give any indication of our view, I will just type it out.  They are good, but they are a bit overpriced, and their food lacked that punch.  It does not help there are better restaurants in the vicinity.  The stew tasted like baked beans, the smothered BBQ chicken sandwich was bland, the Shaniac was okay, but it was very messy, and the sweeten tea was almost like straight sugar. So, that requires unsweetened to dilute it.  The better options in the area will not allow me to make a repeat visit.  I am not heart broken by it.~David
4	A Shaniac with a maniac!A friend invited me for lunch since I was in town and he raved about the "Shaniac" It 's a cheeseburger topped with BBQ pork and coleslaw on a bun! Wow three of my favorites, supposedly for a limited time only..., its awesome.Now to get one shipped up to my home in Colorado. Wish they delivered, not much room for dinner after that lunch :-).Just do it.
4	Very good for a chain, I mean the Shaniac is magical.. when it comes to pulled pork though, my preference would be Pork on a Fork..
2	Overpriced. Dry pork. Specials don't save much. Tea is good.You want some great BBQ, ribs, etc? Go to Hap's BBQ on Washington st. and 52nd st. Next to samurai Sam's.
4	Good stuff! Look for the daily special. Wife and son  love this place..It is also close to a ton of options in case someone wants something diffrent.
1	Not the greatest place. The barbecue sauces taste bland and the meat tastes like it's package meats.
2	I was pretty disappointed and so were my buddy's. They ordered ribs that were super duper fatty. I didn't try them but the didn't look appetizing. I ordered the brisket that was......... cooked meat. No taste, no smoke flavor, nothing. It was cooked meat, periodThe fries were good and the mac and cheese were ok but I was not a fan of their entrees.The staff was very friendly and the establishment was very clean but that doesn't make up for the food. :(
5	The food was INCREDABLE! Amazing in quality AND quantity! Definitely worth the money and time! We most certainly will be ordering from them again!!!
4	Shane's has very good southern style BBQ.  They're from Georgia but I always attribute this type of BBQ to the Carolinas.  I prefer southern BBQ over Texas BBQ.We had the "Big Dad" which is a pulled pork sandwich with toasted bread rather than a bun.  We also had the "Smothered Pork" which is basically the same as the "Big Dad" but it's served on a bun and is topped off with cole slaw.  A lot of food for the money. Great service.We'll be back.  FYI - grab extra napkins.
2	Convenient but bland.  They didn't skimp on the meat, but they did skimp on the flavor.  Seemed like they boiled the ribs rather than smoke them.  A McRib has more taste than the ribs I had today.
3	So this review is written by a Kansan jaded in Phoenix by a lack of Barbecue.  I was on the hunt for a flavorful smoke explosion in my mouth and found myself here.Firstly the staff:  This one is always a biggie for me.  I opened the door.  The girl at the front counter was very nice, and I asked her what was the best thing on the menu.  Of course, being a place with ribs on it's name, she suggested the ribs.  I did warn her I was a barbecue snob from Kansas.Definite points for the kindness and helpfulness of the staff.Secondly the decor: Typical Barbecue, the place was decorated in all the raw wood and other goods one might expect of a place like this.  The place was very clean, and coming from an ex food service person, I take cleanliness very importantly.  The decor brought it to a homy perspective.So thirdly, and arguably the most important:  The food.  So let be be plain, when I order barbecue I expect it to shine above the sides.  It should have a rich smoky flavor, that is complimented by whatever seasonings and injections they put in the meat.I ordered their ribs, and as it comes with two sides, ordered the fried okra and cole slaw as well.  It was suggested that the ribs were delicious.I took it to go, and on getting home, the food was still hot and the okra still crisp.  (The okra was delicious, the breading really did it wonders!)I cut off a couple ribs and bit into them.  Instantly I felt like I was biting into a bit of pork medallion which had been baked in an oven, then slathered with a bit of sauce.  The lack of smoke ring and flavor made it evident how these ribs were made.  I would be shocked if these ribs ever saw the inside of a smoker.  The meat was not bad, despite being a bit bland, but it definitely was not aces.And thus this barbecue warrior will continue to search.  It may be convenient, but for my dollar, I expect more of a barbecue joint.
3	The Shaniac burger is advertised heavily when you walk in.  I thought this would be a signature item.  It is a cheeseburger topped with chopped BBQ pork and Cole Slaw.  Three things I like together.  The cole slaw was great, the pork average (a bit dry), and the burger was dry and hard.  The BBQ sauce is great. The service was good.  This is a BBQ joint.  If the pork is dry I am not very likely to return or recommend.
4	Great ribs...very unique smokey and sweet flavor! Fresh coleslaw...great wings. Average BBQ pulled chicken.Cute little place in a Happy Valley strip mall.This was a surprising and delightful find and we'll crave these ribs and be back.
2	Just brought take out home and half of it went straight into the garbage.  Sides of cole slaw and potato salad were the only redeemers here.  2 full slabs of ribs slightly tasty but way too fatty.  No effort to trim any top fat from the ribs.  They leave the membrane on as well for those who like that removed. Peach cobbler was an undercooked mess.  I understand ribs are not the healthiest of choices, but these ribs were just plain fatty.  Far better leaner BBQ options in the Valley Off to the gym.
5	We love this place. Always friendly service, and we like the food better than the bigger BBQ chains. My son loves the ribs and the brisket is outstanding!(FYI. The food at this location is far better than the Westgate location)
3	My husband, (ironically) Shane, and I thought it might be fun to visit this place. It's a chain so our expectations weren't high. He and I ordered the chopped chicken plate with potato salad and the mac and cheese. The potato salad was the high point of the meal. I really enjoyed WHATEVER they put it it, I wanted to order another side of it. The mac and cheese was a bit bland, I had to add a LOT of salt to make it acceptable. The chicken was nothing spectacular. In additional to regular BBQ sauce, they also have "Spicy" "Hot" and "Mustard BBQ" ... not sure what the difference between spicy and hot are?? The Mustard BBQ sauce was seriously awful. I nearly spit it out. Overall it wasn't the WORST lunch we've had, but I don't think we are going to seek this place out again.
2	I was looking forward to Shane's tonight. This location is training a new chef, however, and the chicken is overcooked and tough...that's the only reason for my less than great review this time.  Hopefully the next visit will be better!
4	Interesting old design! The workers are very friendly, seems like a family owned joint which is so much better! It's clean and the food is very BBQY and good! Just sucks because it's such small portions so if you decide to just get a sandwich I would get another one to really full you up. TVs are old and disgusting it's 2015! Get some new ones for god sakes!!
