5	Dr. Katy Barin and her staff are phenomenal. Hands down the best dentist in Vegas. She'll suggest services you might need but will not force you to accept those services as other dentist. Office is clean and very contemporary. All female staff and influent in a couple languages. I've been coming to her for the last 3 years and they have accepted all my insurance changes. Oh and they offer video games, tv or skin parafins while you are getting your grill cleaned.http://neadentistry.com/
5	Was referred here by a co-worker and so glad I was! Dr. Barin and her staff are an awesome team that succeeds at providing top quality care. I felt very comfortable and at ease while in their care and they answered all of my annoying questions graciously (I'm vigilant about dental care and borderline obsessed with keeping my teeth white). The lobby is clean and modern and small perks like a Keurig coffeemaker and snacks adds a nice touch to what is often a stressful experience for people. So glad my insurance is covered here and will happily be returning every six months!
5	Back for my bi-annual cleaning recently and continue to be pleased with Dr.Barin and her friendly staff! This past visit involved some deep cleaning that was pretty uncomfortable, but my hygienist Grace did her best to make it a not so uncomfortable experience. I've never had the high powered water gun (I'm sure there's a fancy technical name for it), used to deep clean my teeth and I think she thought I knew what it was before preceding. I stopped her halfway through to ask her why she wasn't using the scraper thing (again, fancy technical name of which I'm ignorant), and she explained to me why in a non-condescending way. This didn't make the process any less painful, but put my mind at ease that my gums weren't getting blasted in vain.Dr. Barin and her staff are so genuinely friendly, it almost makes you wish you had a dentist appointment every month! Of course insurance would never cover that, so every six months it is-and I look forward to it!
5	Kudos again to Dr. Barin's team for always making my visit easy and comfortable. I just learned that they now do facials! Say what? Could this place make your experience any more unique? Hmm maybe I'll request a car washer and BAM it'll be there next time! Definitely trust her with my grill and you should too!
5	Dr. Barin is conservative yet thorough. She is great with patients with some dental fear!Her office team is very friendly and helpful. The environment is ultra modern and comfortable. So glad I found Dr. Barin and  hygienist Nicole. Thank you!
5	NEA Dentistry is the best in town!!  I have been going there for the past 4 years and I would never go anywhere else.  Melinda and Summer, the office staff, always greet me by name and are very personable.  There have been times when I have not had a baby sitter and they have helped watch my little one.  Grace does my cleanings every 6 months. (I get reminders in the mail to remind me.  It is super helpful!!)  She is so thorough yet makes it as comfortable as she possible can.  TVs in every room really help to keep your mind off any unpleasant work you may be getting done.  Dr. Barin is the best dentist I have ever seen.  With the help of her assistant Heather they get work done quick and as painless as possible.  They also help you feel at ease during your time in the chair.  When I started coming to Dr Barin I had not been to the dentist in years.  My mouth was in bad shape.  She has nursed my teeth back to health over the past 4 years.  It is truly amazing!!  She has even offered great opportunities like invisalign!!  I couldn't ask for a better dentist office.  My experience every time is wonderful.  I have referred many of my friends and family to her.  I have even received gifts in return for the referrals.  What other office does that??  If you are looking for a dentist NEA Dentistry is the place to go!!
5	I am so glad I found NEA Dentistry.  I was referred to Dr. Barin by a friend because I  have always been terrified to get my dental work done.  Upon meeting with Dr. Barin, that has changed.  Her calming and gentle demeanor made me feel very at ease with each procedure she perfomed.  The entire staff was extremely friendly which helped as well and wait time was VERY minimal giving me less time to worry.  Many contributing factors make each visit a great experience, hot coffee on a cold day, flexability in their scheduling, plasma TV's in every room and a very clean environment.  Thank you Dr. Barin and staff.
5	Dr. Barin and the oral hygienist (I regrettably forgot her name) were two of the most outstanding individuals I have ever met in my entire life. They were extremely informative, very happy and knowledgeable in their line of work, caring, kind, considerate, and any other positive adjective I am missing. The girls who handle the paperwork in the front of the office were also phenomenal people. They were thorough and diligent with appointment reminder calls, follow-up information, and really sweet. All of the things mentioned previously are icing on the cake when you walk in to the very professional and clean environment and are attended with the highest quality of machinery and cameras that today's world can even offer. In short, I have a crush on everyone in that office and I am excited to go back to get my teeth cleaned. I didn't have much time to do my homework to figure out which place would be my "primary care dentist" but I am happy to know and feel that I am in the best place I could have picked in town!~Lucas Barcelo
