3	Went in expecting too much. This place is like Pizza Hut. You can order from the menu or you can pay for pizza buffet. There isn't much of a choice of pizzas out but you can always request for a pizza and they will serve you the first slice when they finish making it, then they set it out for the rest of the customers to try.
2	I went on a Saturday for lunch several weeks after they opened.  The parking lot was full which I took as a good sign, but popularity is not a sign of quality.  When you arrive you don't actually get to see the buffet before you order as it is around the corner.  I thought that it would be like a better Cicis pizza but it wasn't even that good.  They only have 6 small pizzas on the buffet for a dining room that seats hundreds of people, but they are actually doing you a favor.  The pizza itself is not very good, it tasted like food service pizza you might have gotten from a high school cafeteria.  They add exotic toppings to make it a little more palatable but the crust cheese and sauce are so poor that it is a failed effort. The other aspects of the salad bar don't fare much better.  The pictures of the salad bar show a hearty looking spring mix, but the reality was that the salad was shredded iceburg like you might put on a taco.   This is not an exaggeration, that was the actual lettuce that was present.  Even though the name of the place is pizza ranch there were a lot more non pizza items present like fried chicken etc.  This place must bank of one time visits, because I can't see anyone going more than once.
2	I like this place solely because I'm a fat guy and when I compare myself to their average clientele, I feel better about myself.  It's all you care to eat.  That's nice.  You can eat your fill.  You won't feel cheated.  That being said, you're eating cardboard pizza that's no better than Little Caesar's.  The fried chicken is okay, but it's paired with that nuclear green gravy and instant potatoes, so that takes it down a notch.You go here when you feel like gorging until you have to buy a new a belt, not because it's good or anything.That is its only gift to you.
2	Arrived at 7:30pm on a Friday night.  Parking lot was pretty fulll, no line at the counter and the cashier was very friendly.  That's where most of the "goodness" ended.  There was multiple dirty tables and the only open tables seemed to be for large parties.  We sat at a table for 10, just the two of us.  Pizza was nothing great, I agree with the other reviewers on that.  They did have a BBQ chicken pizza that was pretty good.  Their fried chicken was really good....I would get that again, but I'd probably get a drive thru order.  The dirty tables remained dirty until a customer looking for a seat asked if the space could be cleaned.  That was disheartening...there were 6 tables in plain sight that were clearly vacated and ready to be cleaned, which were not touched in the 40 minutes we were there.  If you are looking for good pizza and clean seating, this is not the place I'm afraid.
3	This place is ok.  I like the chicken better than KFC
3	I went there for the first time this afternoon with my family. Most of the reviews were correct. Pizza was just ok, chicken was pretty good, salad bar was good but like the other guy said the only lettuce they had was the kind you'd put on tacos (shredded) .. I still enjoyed it tho. Loved the breadsticks and marinara sauce. The ice cream and dessert pizza was good too. Kids loved it. Boyfriend said he'd give it 2 1/2 stars.. He liked it but didn't like the price and I agree it's a little expensive for such a small selection of food.
5	I LOOOOOVE this place!! I am southerna and their chicken is the best chicken! The staff are always friendly and the food is GREAT! I have been many many times and have come away satisfied EVERY TIME!
1	Yuck! When your main business is pizza and the chicken is better than the pizza...you have issues.
1	Blech!! Poor-quality fare. Really no reason to go here. Went once with the kids - that's enough. Since you're using Yelp to find a quality place to eat, continue your search. Definitely quantity over quality here.
3	pizza is ok the kids liked it more then the adults chicken was good had fried or bbq liked the mashed pototes snd gravy would much prefer regular not shreaded lettuce on salad soup was average liked the dessert pizza had good variety of flavors could use more then just vanilla ice cream overall an ok meal nothing special but not horible either under 40 bucks for 2 adults and 3 kids
2	Sooo it's a trough, just trying to be honest.  If you want to stuff your self and don't care about taste go for it. The pizzas were just ok, they supposedly have delivery and take out, I don't know why anyone would ever do this option because the only up side is that you can stuff your self till you burst ala Mr Creosote (just remember don't eat the mint) .     The dessert pizzas and are OK but horribly sweet but I guess their playing to their crowd . My children love it so I will probably be dragged back their again.
3	The pizza is pretty decent overall. Plenty of different choices on the menu. However, I've been there on days where they keep the pizza fresh and a variety available on the buffet, and I have been there on days where they are so slow and keep bringing it the same pizzas, leaving little variety. The rest of the buffet choices are what you would expect from a buffet. Fried chicken, fries, corn on the cob, mashed potatoes ect. Fried Chicken is good but the rest leaves little to be desired. They also offer a cold area with your standard salad choices and fixings. Don't bother with the soups. Desert buffet is good, have to admit the Cactus bread is amazingly gluttonous. The soft serve on the dessert buffet is made with real milk and isn't that weird cheap ice milk crap. And goes great with the fruit pizza and Cactus bread. Service is ok. Staff is always around to clear dishes. But occasionally it seems as though the staff are being in the kitchen. Great deal on Tuesday if you have kids under 11.
3	One of my daughter's single requests for our weekend away was to eat at Pizza Ranch.I think the food is decent. And the garlic cheese pizza is our favorite. It wasn't out on this visit, so we had to request it. And it did take quite awhile.... but it was a busy Friday night.
1	I went for lunch here with my husband. I had weight loss surgery several months ago and my eating is very restricted. I showed them the card from my doctor and told them I could only eat a small amount. Could I please have the children's meal price. They out and out refused. So I was made to pay the full price...for a buffet and a drink I can't drink! $10 for two chicken wings and 1/4 cup mashed potatoes.  NOT a very Christian place when they can't accommodate someone and need to be greedy by charging what they did. I don't mind paying full price when I can take home the leftovers and have another 4 meals out of it!  I've never had this done to me at any other restaurant since I had my surgery!! Done with Pizza Ranch!!!!!
2	Want to stuff your fat face? This is the place. Want good pizza in Sun Prairie? Easy since there are so many great pizza places. Just yelp it
4	I LOVE the Pizza Ranch in the Dells. It's my favorite place to after going to water parks. I went to this one after going there. I was hoping it was equally good. Unfortunately it's not. They use a different crust which is my biggest disappointment. They still have two of my other big loves though. The cheese sticks are probably my favorite from any pizza place and the cactus dessert bread thing is stupidly good. The pizza is pretty good. The staff usually gets out your requests pretty quickly. Sometimes they're slow on weekday lunches.  The weird part? How Jesus-y it is. I didn't notice in the Dells or even the first few times here. My boyfriend and I went to lunch one day and he noticed a few things. Then all of a sudden we noticed it everywhere. From the weird Jesus country music to the wall plaques. It makes me a little uncomfortable. Not enough to deter me, but enough to make me want to weirdly talk about liberal things which I don't normally do at restaurants.
5	Great place for pizza or chicken. The restaurant is clean and the buffet is always well stocked. It's a family favorite!
