5	This is one of my favourite branches...nae my favourite coffee shops full stop! Big statement, eh! Let me explain...This particular street is much less hustly and bustly from the rest of the area because it's pedestrianized (well, most of it is). There are no cars so it's quieter, safer and all round more enjoyable.The shop itself is really nice, your bog-standard Costa but with a little more attention to detail in the layout. The quality of the coffee and food goes without saying, I think this branch serves some of the better coffee compared to other high street branches. In the summer this place is always packed oot! They have a lovely outdoor seating area. Whenever I go shopping, I start at the far end of Princes Street at Frasers and make my way across, and this Costa is in prime position for my 11am coffee.
2	If you're after a few minutes of peace and quiet, this Costa is ideal. Tucked away on Hanover Street, it has comfy arm chairs, clean tables and out of the tourist season, is usually calm enough to settle down with a good book undisturbed.If you're after a damn good cup of coffee however, I suggest you go to Artisan Roast or Wellington Coffee instead. The Americano usually tastes burnt and watery and the Latte is like a sea of milk with a faint taste of roasted bean. I've had better coffee in sleepy diners in the U.S. and for half the price.
4	I headed into this Costa when I had one of my frequent cake cravings! Although it's a chain, every Costa I've been to has something a little different about it. At this one on Hanover Street, you've got to head up a fairly dangerous flight of stairs (I say this because both my friend and I ended up tripping on them before we left).The atmosphere is pretty chill, and it's easy to forget one is just a few steps away from the hectic Princes Street. However, it is still a Costa, and the options of coffee, tea, pastries and cakes, sandwiches and paninis are there.
4	I was recently at this Costa when I was working in town last week. I was amazed by the size and the view when I finally reached the top of the stairs.I ordered a skinny vanilla latte to go. It was quick and delicious. The barista who prepared my warm beverage was friendly. In fact there appeared to be a customer behind me who already had his usual prepared. The cakes looked absolutely delicious. I believe it was a tiramisu triple layer cake that caught my attention. I'm definitely going to have to go back and try it! Tip: try and get a seat over looking Princes Street!
