5	Doughboys is the BEST spot in town for quick fantastic pizza for an amazing price!  You can't beat the $5 Grab and Go's, plus the specialtiy pizzas are extremely tasty too!  Don't forget to order a Cinnapie for dessert!!  I am a fan and go there at least once a week!
5	Doughboy's is the Best Pizza and the BEST value around!  The staff is friendly and the pizza is so tasty!  I also love the wings!  My family and I don't go anywhere else for pizza anymore!  They are truly the best pizza place in Glendale!
5	Fast, delicious, and affordable!!  I wouldn't go anywhere else after tasting this pizza!  The dough is fresh made, not frozen, and the wings are tasty too!  The staff is always nice and helpful PLUS the place is soooo clean!  My family LOVES Doughboys!!
5	We just got 3 grab and go pizzas, $5 each, they were very YUMMY.  The service is top notch, very nice on the phone.  I will be going there again and again!
2	Grab & go? Paid for then stood around ten minutes waiting for a dark brown, crunchy crusted pie that was about 30 seconds from being burned. Good quantity of ingredients though. I'll probably give them another shot.
3	As far as pizza goes they are well worth it!  A real good quality pie, at reasonable prices!  What more can one ask for???  Well for me, eatable wings!!!  Their wings were baked, but seemed almost microwaved!  I've never had in my 32 years on this earth worse wings then the ones from Doughboy's.  I will certainly keep going back for their pizza, but wish their baked wings would never see the light of day again!!!
4	Very good. 15 minutes on time like they said. The cheese wheel is good and it's also very big not small like something you would get at pizza hut. The cinna pie is very good as well. The menu is  affordable. The food was nice and hot when we got it and everything tasted very good. The service was also friendly. I would definitely come back.
4	Great pizza.  Ready in 15 minutes.  Crisp crust, awesome flavor on the meat lovers.  And the cinna pie was good too.
5	Always fresh tasting, flavorful and hot pizza. For $5 you can't beat this deal with a stick, it IS that good! Their customer service is top-notch and make you feel welcome in their little storefront. Great food, great people and definitely 5 stars.
5	Love this place! $5.00 one topping pizzas ready in about 15 mins. Blows Little Caesars crap right out of the water! This is my go to pizza spot for sure. I recently suggested that my office coworkers pitch in for a few pizzas and give it a try, they are addicted as well!!!
5	Simply delicious pizza. House made Dough for the pizza is chewy and crispy, and the sauce is flavorful, not over powering.. Alway hot out of the oven. Fast and friendly people at the counter and on the phone.  We will be revisiting often.
5	This place is very interesting. My initial thought on location was, "They are right in front of a Streets of NY ...and they sell Pizza?? How does that work?"Let me tell you I was blown away! Their sauce is really what did it for me. It was some of the best sauce I have ever had! The crust was a good texture, and they put a layer of cheese OVER the toppings. This in my opinion is WIN.The prices are super reasonable, and the pizza is great! I can see why they have no issue staying in business where they are. I would consider making the drive here just to eat. The only thing I wish is they had more dinning room space. As nice as it is outside right now, it doesn't stay nice for long in AZ. That's the only down side.A+ Guys...you know how to make a pizza!
5	Best pizza around this area! Cheap too.
5	Fast, friendly and delicious.My favorite? Large supreme with extra jalepenos.
5	This place has some great tasting pizza, at a very reasonable price...The best thing is, they make it just the way we like it....light sauce and well done. GREAT JOB DOUGHBOYS...we will continue to patronize your establishment.
4	The pizza here is pretty amazing actually. We went out of our way to try this place due to the great things we'd heard and we were definitely impressed. Their prices were pretty decent and the pie was amazing. Definitely in my top ten ever. (maybe I should start a list...)I really wish they had more space for tables. I was disappointed that the only plausible place to sit was outside, but I understand t hat this place specializes in takeout and delivery...it's just that I live over 20 miles away so delivery is not an option for me. But yeah, $5 medium one toppings that aren't Little Caesars? That demands some consideration.Try them!
5	omg!! best pizza in the area!! and cheap!! everyone was super nice!!
4	$5 medium pizzas? Yes please!! Their pizza was very delicious for the price! It had lots of oregano on it which was awesome! I loved it! They also have a lunch special that consists of 2 slices and a soda for $3! Crazy!
5	This is probably the best pizza in the west valley that I've found so far.  Very flavorful, great sauce, fresh tasting ingredients, and I really enjoyed the garlic butter on the crust.  Their thin crust pizza is actually thin and their regular crust pizza isn't overwhelming with bread, dough, and crust.  Even a pizza I thought I wouldn't enjoy (pesto chicken and cheese) was really good.  I'm definitely a big fan and will be going back.
5	The cinnapies are sooo yum!  And their $5 pizzas are great for last minute potlucks.  Every time I've ordered from them my pizza was always fresh and generous with toppings.  If I had to mention a downside it's that they don't take Discover and I like when business take all forms of payment.  But that still isn't enough to mark them down.
4	Its so good!  We got the supreme equivalent and the veggies lost a lot of water and made the center very soggy.  Despite this, we enjoyed the pizza very much - the crust is crisp and chewy, there's just the right amount of sauce that doesn't taste weird, and there is plenty of cheese and topping.  This would definitely be our go to pizza place if it was near our house.  Next time we'll probably go with just dryer veggies like mushroom or olive.  Other than that, its non-fou-fou, non organic, straight up old school pizza for movie night.
5	Good crust. Overall an upgraded little ceaser or howies. Mostly take out setup. Hugh delivery area.
4	Doughboy's makes a very good pizza. Not a great pizza but very good. When you add their prices into the pizza equation it brings them to the top of the list. The first time we ordered, we went for take out. Not a clue what their pricing was like. After placing the order and hearing the total I figured we in for a really crappy pizza night. Got the pizza home and dug in and were pleasantly surprised. Good flavor, good crust, toppings were tasty, since then we've been back probably a half dozen times and have never been disappointed. A little tip, they have a pretty good lunch special. 2 slices of cheese or pepperoni and can of soda for $3.50. Can't beat that...
1	We tried Doughboy's looking for a new pizza joint and....we regret every penny we spent here the wings were soggy and the crust of the pizza was so buttery my husband literally said the only good thing they had was ranch. We should have ordered papa johns honestly that would have been better then what we got  will not returnwill never recommend
4	Got a stack of pies for my HS students. They're tough critics, and they loved em. We'll be back
5	Wednesday night I had a HUGE craving for pizza and was extremely tired of getting Pizza Hut , I wanted something more like Real pizza would taste like. After spending hours on yelp & google maps looking for a close enough pizza place I finally decided on Doughboys and I enjoyed everything of it . Customer service was average , but the pizza and the price can't be beat . I got the Special with and XL 1 topping pizza with 20 wings ( I got the buffalo ) for around $25 with tax , done within about 15 mins from ordering over the phone , sitting in the car I just couldn't wait , I had a wing & I was in heaven , so meaty , and far from dry and skinny like most other pizza places . As for the pizza I did wait to get home to eat , definitely saved the best for last , pepperoni and cheese pizza heaven
2	I would have to say that I'm disappointed. After reading the reviews on this site I was expecting it to be awesome. Unfortunately that's not really the case. Its super greasy and the sauce taste cheap. It honestly taste like a slightly upgraded version of Little Caesars or pizza patron. It's a great price at $5 per a medium pizza, but even that's not enough to make me go back sorry guys, no good :-(
1	Good pizza but I saw the same thing where the guy making pizza did not wash his hands after handling money and the phone. No more. too bad too.
2	We had seen the storefront, then checked them out on here.  Wow, they had 4 1/2 stars!  So, we decided to order for our football watching pleasure.The pizza was not good.  It is sooo heavy!!  I can still feel the one slice I ate sitting in my stomach...almost 10 hours ago.  The crust/dough had no flavor, the cheese was incredibly greasy (not in a good way) and each small slice felt like it weighed 5 lbs.  Not enjoyable at all.  Let me put it this way, there is almost an entire pizza still sitting in our fridge (probably going to be thrown away), and if you knew my hubby, that never happens.  There's usually barely a slice for me to enjoy the next day.The only reason I'm giving 2 stars...the BBQ wings were very good and the ranch was good.Very disappointed, because we were really expecting a lot better.
1	My younger brother was craving pizza and I agreed to pick one up for him before I went to work. We went, got the pizza and everything was fine. Put the pizza on the counter and opened the box. Two flies flew out of the box. I had to head to work otherwise I was going to be late so we just ordered chinese. He was really put off about the whole thing and called the manager who said he could make us another one. That was nice of him, but I couldn't go back to get him another one. We went back a few months later to try again and the pizza was really plain and we only ate a slice each before tossing it out. Really, not worth it. There is a Streets of New York pizza right behind this place. Go there, it is much better.
