5	We have been bringing our dogs to Scottsdale Hills since we moved to the Valley about 4 years ago.  Dr. Besemer and Dr. Kieran are absolutely wonderful, as are all the vet techs here.  We have one dog who is extremely anxious with strangers, and they are always so gentle and patient with her.  We really appreciate the bedside manner everyone has with our dogs - it gives us peace of mind that our dogs feel comfortable with the scary vet!  We especially love Dr. Besemer - we can go 6-9 months between visits and he still remembers all the little things about our dogs including their quirks, favorite things, and their more memorable medical situations.The facilities are very clean and their pricing is fantastic - you really get "Scottsdale" service for not-Scottsdale prices.  We have paid much much more for standard exams and vaccinations before when we lived elsewhere.  They are very forthcoming about their pricing; anything above and beyond a regular charge (i.e. office visit, vaccination costs) they will quote to you.  One of our dogs recently had surgery and we were floored by how inexpensive it was.  Lastly, and one of the most important things, is appointment times.  Their hours are great, and we can easily work vet appointments around our busy work schedules.  But even more, when there is an emergency, they will make sure and fit us in during hours and they have a great after-hours emergency service that they recommend (and Dr. Besemer's wife works there, which reassures you that you will get the best care possible in an emergency situation).We recommend Scottsdale Hills to anyone we can!
5	I love Dr. Besemer, and it is very obvious that he loves the animals that he's treating. He listens to everything you have to say and gives you heartfelt, realistic advice. His prices are completely reasonable and his staff is excellent. We recently had to put a cat down under somewhat bizarre circumstances by an overnight emergency vet, and when we brought a different cat to Dr. Besemer I asked him to explain some things to me. We talked for almost 10 minutes and not once did I feel rushed or like I was bothering him, and he was genuinely concerned about what I was saying. I will never take one of our pets anywhere else as long as Dr. Besemer is in business!
5	Drs. Bessemer and Kieran are excellent and really care about your pet.  They listen to your concerns and you leave with all of your questions answered.  I am very happy with the service my 6 cats and 1 dog receive and highly recommend this practice.  The customer service is excellent and the doctor actually calls you personally following a procedure to see how your cat or dog is doing.  Four paws up!
5	Dr. Besemer,  Dr. Kieran, and their entire staff are truly amazing, compassionate animal caregivers. When my two-year-old kitty became extremely ill during this past weekend, we were able to get him examined by Dr. Besemer on Sunday. At that point, we had no idea what the issue was, and all of the blood work and tests came back in the normal range (the doctor took the time to work him in between surgeries and sit down with us for an extremely thorough review of our kitty's test results and examination findings). We took the kitty home for the night with meds to ease his tummy issues, but the next morning it was quite apparent that the little guy was getting worse. We took him back in (after calling the staff, who was very willing to get him in ASAP), and he got another thorough exam, this time by Dr. Kieran, as Dr. Besemer was booked in surgeries. All of the kitty's history had been communicated to Dr. Kieran, and she recommended x-rays. (It should be noted at this point that at every step we were given a complete write-up of treatment recommendations and their costs, the pros and cons of each, and given full control over what we thought was the correct thing to do based on all of the facts.) We chose to get the x-rays done, and about 10 minutes later, Dr. Kieran went over the entire picture with us and explaining what we were seeing. There was a suspicious-looking, but not blatantly apparent spot around the kitty's intestinal area. We were given the choice of getting an ultrasound or going in that afternoon for exploratory surgery. Again, both procedures, their associated risks, and costs (very reasonable financing terms are available) were immediately and thoroughly communicated to us. We chose surgery, and Dr. Kieran took him right in. We went home to wait for an update on our beloved kitty's condition. We were told how long to expect the surgery to last, and were told that we could call at any time for a status update. (Never once were we treated like a bother.)Right around the time they had estimated, we were called by Dr. Kieran, who told us the surgery went well and they had removed an obstruction from our kitty's intestine. We were given a choice whether to pick him up and keep him overnight ourselves or keep him at the clinic for IV fluids and monitoring. (The clinic does not have 24-hour staff, but recommended 24 hour care nearby or what we could do to care for him ourselves throughout the night.) We chose to take him home and bring him back in early the next morning for an all-day stay to make sure he was well-hydrated and get him started eating again. They wrapped up the little catheter on his front paw so they did not have to stick him with another needle the next morning. They gave him all the medications he'd need in the evening before we left and in the morning after we brought him back, except for pain meds to keep him comfortable during the night. We were even able to see the object that was causing the obstruction, which ended up being a large hairball that had dried and hardened in the middle and lodged in there. That night was rough sleep wise for me, but it was worth it to see my kitty making a speedy recovery. In the morning I dropped him off, and when I picked him up in the evening, the transformation was amazing. We were given after-care instructions, food, medication, and happily brought him home last night.  Dr. Kieran called this morning to see how the kitty was doing and answer any questions I had. He is making quite a speedy recovery, which is an incredible sight after how sick the little guy was.I have been a cat owner all my life, and have rarely experienced the level of compassion and knowledge that the doctors and staff at Scottsdale Hills Animal Hospital provided. As long as I live in or around Phoenix, this is where I will be taking my pets from now on. They are true animal lovers, and it shows!
5	I have been to many vets over the years and I must say that Dr. Bessemer and Dr.Kieran are the BEST!  They both are so compassionate and truly care about your animal. They spend time with you and your animal without you feeling rushed!  The staff is great too, very friendly and helpful! An added plus is that they are open on the weekends!
5	I'm so lucky to have found this clinic years ago. Dr. Besemer and Dr. Kieran have done a wonderful job nursing my parvo puppy back to health. The staff has been wonderful and accommodating, as I had to visit twice a day.The treatment options are always reviewed, medicines explained and received before leaving and they always do their best.My fur family will always come here when they need to feel better.
5	The staff and doctor at Scottsdale Hills Animal Hospital are OUTSTANDING...they took amazing care of our American bulldog, Callie. We would HIGHLY recommend them to any pet owner..they genuinely CARE(not the usual get into your pocket Scottsdale vet)FIVE stars!!
2	Myself and members of my family had been going to Scottsdale Hills for many years.  While I haven't quite experienced what i would consider poor patient care i have recently experienced poor service from staff. My west highland white terrier was a patient at Scottsdale hills for a few years and during that time had some tests, xrays, etc. performed.  Recently when pet became ill i contacted Scottsdale hills to obtain any records that they had because i was seeing a couple specialists (cardiologists and internal medicine) who wanted to see all history dating back as far as possible.  Having had X-Rays and other tests completed at Scottsdale hills a few years ago i figured this would be a good place to start collecting data but they had none.  In fact they had no record of me what so ever and blamed this due to a newly updated system.  The service representative i spoke to initially could not find any records using my last name, pets name, or phone number as points of reference.  I then mentioned family members which share the same last name had been there within the last few months and had fairly consistent visits prior to that.  The service representative searched for every last name starting with the first two letters of my name with no results then asked if perhaps i had another last name?  Then asked if i had contacted the right establishment. After becoming rather frustrated i was told that someone would look into the matter at once and call me back.  A couple weeks (or more) later i receive another call from same service representative asking me to remind them if they ever found my pets records.  I said no, she searches again and no record of anyone with my last name.  At this point its too late anyway because i've already seen specialists so i politely say that its okay but mention that i will be reviewing them.  Around 10 minutes later i receive another call mentioning that they have managed to find info on one pet belonging to a family member but nothing on mine.If you're looking to a long term vet i suggest looking past this establishment because their inability to store, archive or properly maintain medical information that you are paying them to accrue may be lost and you just might find yourself in my situation.  I understand the need for businesses to modernize technology but find it surprising that there was no method to search data stored in a previous system or that my request was not prioritized until i mentioned the word "review".
5	We have used Scottsdale Hills for over 5 years and we can't say enough about how wonderful and caring Dr. Bessemer and the entire staff are. They treat our dog like family and are always attentive in promptly returning calls and appointments are easy to get, given that they are open 7 days a week. They do not push expensive or unnecessary tests and my dog never gets anxious when he goes to the office... In fact, he enjoys going because everyone makes such a fuss over him. I refer anyone looking for a great Vet to Scottsdale Hills! They really do care!!!
5	Absolutely the best staff ever. I've never been to a vet and felt so welcomed. They took excellent care of our beloved Buddy and worked with us. Unfortunately enough we had to say goodbye to our sweet baby boy. We were so heartbroken and nervous for that day and plus we've never had done this before. They all made it so comfortable and quiet for us. I highly highly recommend this Vet and their staff!!! Thank you!!!
5	I have been using Scottsdale Hills for years.  Dr. Bessemer provides the best care to our animals and his staff are professional, courteous and a pleasure to work with.  They charge very reasonable fees and every time I have had an urgent need, they made time for me.  They have extended hours and have saved me many trips to an emergency vet on the weekend.  You won't find better care for your animals.
5	We couldn't be happier with Dr. Mike Besemer and his wonderful staff. They make us feel so special and take the very best care of our two dogs. If human doctors could be half as good as this veterinarian the world would be a happier and healthier place.
5	Dr. Bessemer has been our vet ever since we moved here 7 years ago.  He has taken care of our Welsh Pembroke Corgis.  Our 4 corgis all have needed surgery, 2 were quite serious, and they all recovered fully.  Our 2 senior corgis had to be euthanized and Dr. Bessemer and staff were so caring and helped us through it.Not only do we think he is wonderful, but our dogs love him.  He gets on the floor with them, at their level (they have short legs) and plays with them.  He loves animals and it shows.  He is a great diagnostician and always explains everything totally.  He always has time for us.  I would never go anywhere else. We have had dogs for 50 years and he's the best.The technicians are also excellent and love the animals.  It's always play time there and the dogs are happy to be there.
5	Awesome staff, they are all really kind and super knowledgeable. Dr. Bessemer was not judgmental or pushy, but still gave me information on what I should take into consideration based on their age and breed, which I really appreciated. Plus... he acted like my dog was the cutest one he's ever seen which all pet owners love to hear!! :D
5	Dr Bessmer is a wonderful vet. I've been taking my dogs here for years. He's very personable and knowledgable and I never feel rushed.
5	Dr. Tanya Lopez has been caring for my fur babies for over 10 years. When she recently made the move to Scottsdale Hills, I had to follow her there. Lacy, my Dalmatian was severely abused as a pup and suffers from PTSD. Dr. Lopez has spent so much time with her, that Lacy is perfectly comfortable with her now. Lacy is currently not feeling well and I cannot even begin to tell you how much care Dr. Lopez has shown both Lacy and I. She has called me at home many times when I know the clinic is closed and is always patient to listen to my concerns and to answer my questions. I highly recommend Dr. Lopez to anyone who has a fur baby, she will take very good care of them (and you).
