4	Is there space for another coffee and sandwich shop in the bulging Edinburgh market? Cafe Milk appears to squeeze in quite nicely! we went here for a coffee and sandwich on a cold Sunday last weekend and were pleasantly surprised. The decor is very minimal, white glazed wall tiles and tables and benches give the place an austere post-war school feel, but it works well. The food was very nice - crisp, fresh wraps and hearty soups.I would have happily rated Milk a 5 star effort but for the smallish latte size and amount of space at the table.  On a busy day you're going to feel a little cramped. The guy who served us was cheerful without being OTT. All in all well worth a visit.
4	After hearing several disparate people say "I've heard Milk's quite good..." I thought, well, there's only one way to see if that's true!There are two things that Milk do outstandingly well - the first is the "50s updated" feel...the laminate tables and bench seats, the recycled golden syrup tins with silver cutlery, the cooked-from-scratch-out-the-back food and rectangular wall tiles.   The second was that the vegetarian options were incorporated into the menu - not added like some "if we must" section at the end, in a designated list of bland quasi-dishes.  Actually integrated into the offerings, as if it's perfectly normal to want some vegetable content.  Wonderful!Mind you, the carnivorous options were pretty good, too....I was severely tempted by the Moroccon stew....in fact, I'm having a little lunch-time fantasy about that right now...On the occassion I visited Milk, though, I had ducked in to avoid any further drenching and found the staff a little distracted, sorting various logistical things that must have been important, but overall, were pleasant and helpful.I ordered the butternut squash soup, which came with bread so light and airy it was like eating a cloud.  The soup was thick and definitely home-made, a good comfort meal even if I wasn't 100% sold on the combination of roasted garlic garnish - it was just a little too sweet/startling to the tastebuds in a not-so-smooth way to be perfect.  But, having said that, it was still tasty enough that I managed to get my spoon to scrape noisily on the bottom of the bowl!After half an hour or so of pleasant working, I also ordered a latte and carrot cake.  The latte?  Frikkin perfect.  The cake?  Substantial and light at the same time, and filled with nuts and fruit and wonderful things that one wouldn't necessarily expect in carrot cake.  Delicious although, again, the lemon and vanilla icing will surprise tastebuds indoctrinated to expect cream cheese icing!  (But in a good way!)All in all, an excellent first experience.  I will definitely be making regular appearances at Milk, in order to try the Mull Cheddar with Pear and Ginger chutney, Harissa chicken and other delights.
5	Decor is superb - great take on 1950s milk bar with a few twists and a couple of nice tables outside.  Faces south with open outlook so would be good for an al fresco coffee. Not my favourite street in Edinburgh but good to have a great cafe like this on it.Flat white coffee served in a glass was superb and the chocolate brownie with whole hazelnuts was beyond perfection!Hot food menu is intersting and is pretty cheap - portions seem big enough for lunch without being huge.Service was very efficient which is the main thing, but quite distant.One point - would have been good to have the door open, or a bit of ventilation as was quite airless.28/3/12 - went back again yesterday to recover after returning from an early start work trip to Glasgow (VERY handy for Haymarket and probably one of the few place in the area to get a decent italian style coffee ie not a bucket sized latte!) ... and sat outside in the sun looking with a view of a grey wheelie bin and Morrison Streets shabby environs - but still great to be back! As I think this place is so great I am upping the four stars from my initial review to 5.
4	This is only a partial review as I haven't tried the coffee there. Yet. Stopped by for breakfast on way to the station but was already full of coffee so did not really want any more.Ordered the breakfast sandwich, which is absolutely lovely, with spinach and cheese.  Will certainly go back again, to try their coffee this time!
4	Great eggs! We ordered them poached, and they came in perfect little circles about 1.5 inches. Golden yolks, and fresh ground pepper with sea salt. They were served on to of hearty artisan bread. Perfect start of the day. The arugula salad on the side was perfectly dressed. Yum!Had the coffee as well. Very meticulously made and delicious!A lot of customers were walking through the door at 0830, so it wasn't super fast, but overall, I was very happy
4	Love this place. This little place has great coffee and also good breakfast. I love the bread that they serve, which makes something as simple as a bacon sandwich really good. The service isn't fast or anything, but not slow. But if you're in a great hurry, it might not be the place for you.
4	Super delicious food and cute simple decor. A great place for brunch and conversation - definitely try the mushroom breakfast burrito!
4	Excellent coffee. Cute little hole in the wall style cafe. Good service. Food menu fairly average and food is as expected - nothing to rave about.
5	Beautiful breakfast this morning! Everything is so fresh and tempting. In the end, I went for the Bircher muesli and was not disappointed. The coffee is of a good standard as well...something I find hard to come by, having lived away from Melbourne for a year now.I am planning to go back for lunch at some stage during my Edinburgh visit. The sandwiches looked amazing!
4	Small, but a large window overlooks the busy street, and it doesn't feel claustrophobic like other places would.  The mushroom and rosemary burrito is absolutely delicious.  What flavor!  My only quip is that it was mostly bread and not much filling.  But what you do taste inside is so flavorful ... mushrooms, tomatoes, eggs, cheese... amazing!  Worth trying.
