5	One of the best wine stores in Phoenix.  While the store lacks in size the staff makes up in knowledge and friendliness...  they will make very cool custom wine and cheese baskets for that last minute party that you did not get anything for or they can reccomned great value wines.  they also have a nice selection of scotch and tequila.  They even have a little bar that has some sort of food that i have never tried and they have tastings often.  I think this is a great place and the people could not be nicer...
5	Went here while I was in Phoenix for a Girl's Weekend - they have the best salad!  But the thing that is still on my mind a week later...(mmmm...) is the CHOCOLATE PORT.   Get your butt down there and try it -
5	I actually found Lychee liquor there!  Need I say more?You would think with a place that looked like that, prices would be a little much....but they were reasonable if not on the lower end for some.Rare and intriguing wine and spirits, knowledgeable staff.  I didn't try any of their foods, but I wouldn't mind going again.  One of the staff recommended a nice moscato.  I took it home and enjoyed a glass immediately.  How did he know?Wow.
4	This is actually one place, I will agree with other reviewers. Sportsman's is a great place to get your wine, tequila, scotch, etc. The one knock was that they didn't have Mango Three olives vodka, which is my favorite vodka of the moment. But, the guys working at Sportsman's were real nice, helpful, attentive, and really went out of their way to help me find a good wine for a certain occasion.They even have a cool happy hour with food and wine. You can buy the wine, they will uncork for free, and you get to hang out and enjoy it.
3	We had lunch here in addition to shopping in the store so I'll split this review into two.Part One- The StoreMmm...great selection?  I guess....the white wine selection is lacking.Mmm...great prices?  Hardly.  You can get Roederer cheaper at TJ's.  The price they charge for Veuve Clicquot is standard with grocery store prices ($44) and I have definitely found it other places for $35.Mmm...Organization?  Not quite.  There is very little reason to the layout of the wine section.As far as a liquor/wine store goes there was absolutely nothing that set Sportsmans apart for me.  They did carry Cuarenta y Tres which is my husband's favorite liqueur but it's not as if it's that hard to find.Part Two- The CafeIt's very much an addition to the wine store so any ideas of the atmosphere and ambiance of a wine cafe are lost.  You are eating in a wine store, not a cafe or restaurant.  The wine selection they have is pretty good and while they do not offer any wine flights they do let you do "tasting" sized glasses (half glasses) at half price.We were starving when we arrived so we ordered an appetizer of bruschetta, because, as we know, an appetizer is what you eat before you eat to make you more hungry.  Much to my surprise our sandwiches arrived first.  In fact, the bruschetta never came at all!  So that wasn't very cool.As far as the food goes...well it was just ok.  I ordered a turkey and brie sandwich and the turkey was basically generic sliced turkey, and a tad slimy.  Couldn't they have sprung for Boar's Head?  My hands were a bit sticky after eating it and I hate sticky hands.  The sandwich looked much better on the menu than it tasted on my plate.  (I have had better paninis from a grab and go at Harvard)   I did leave feeling hungry and I can't help to think that the bruschetta appetizer would have avoided that.  My husband got the Meritage sandwich and was satisfied.  The best part of the meal was that we weren't charged for our second round of wine.  There are far better delis and cafes to get lunch in.
3	Ahem. This place turned me off. From the parking lot having valet (and almost no open spot for me to park) to the cold shoulder I got when I walked in, I felt very unwelcome. Instincts took me right to where I needed to go, but I got a little overwhelmed when I started to read the labels. Gin. Vodka. Brandy. It's all categorized here, which is muy helpful. But, I couldn't find the Aquavit. That's when I walked to the counter and asked. "It's in the back," I was told. For half a second, I thought he wasn't even going to show me. But, he did. He pointed, "We have 3 kinds." Then he walked off. Uhm, ok. I guess I now had a 33 and 1/3 chance of getting this right. I didn't like those odds. Nobody wants to drink shabby Aquavit. I phoned a friend. No answer. That's when I thought to myself, "You can do this. Go with your instincts." So, I did. At the register, I asked, "Out of the 3, is this the best to get?" The man who had shown me to the back wall nodded. He was busy on the phone. The guy checking me out said, "He's our resident Aquavit expert." Uhm, ok. "So, this really is the best?" I tried to joke. "I gotta get this right," I said. He had little to say, so he rang me up. I signed my receipt. He handed me the slip of paper and my new purchase and asked, "Is there anything else I can help you with today?"Uhm, isn't that question suppose to come before you're rung up and given your receipt? Yeah, I thought so, too.
4	The location is pretty central to Phoenix, and it's a good resource when looking for that odd bottle of wine you won't find in Safeway's or Fry's Food Store!  I give it four stars because it is a bit pricy, but then...if you are trying to get that one bottle to impress!---Well, it hits the spot!  They have a terrific selection, a pleasant but small atmosphere to hide away for a time --- next to a glass of something and a good conversation with that special someone!They sell wines by the glass, and a small selection of food menu items to pare with the wine.The staff is very knowledgeable and can steer you right for just about any question on wines.See you there!
5	Ok, I'll admit this isn't the place I'll stock the wine cabinet at because their prices aren't competitive for the most part...  The customer service that I received there was well worth the price though.  I visited somewhat randomly and ended up talking with an employee... Ended up with all the ingredients for red sangria and a recipe that the employee wrote out for me on paper...  If you're indecisive or wanting to try something new, come here and ask the staff for ideas.. They're great!!
5	When they see my car...oh jeez...here she is again...how much vodka do her friends drink in a week???? This is the only place I can find Jewel of Russia Ultra...it is about $80 a bottle..seriously ..the best $80 you could ever..ever spend! The bottles are all hand painted in porcelain(?)..It makes a stunning gift! But they also sell the regular Jewel of Russia ..which I buy for every day..it's about $40 a bottle..AJ's carries this as well...the only problem is Tarbell's is the only place I know of where you can get a drink with it.  Belevdere is my 3rd option...Oh can you tell I only drink Vodka..darling..
1	I had ordered gift baskets for my family in Phoenix several times from this store. My last order ensured that I will never do it again. The wine and cheese basket I sent for my sister's birthday never arrived. When I finally got a hold of someone who could explain, he told me that someone spaced it. I also received a couple half-assed apologies. Awful customer service.
4	One of the best local places to get your booze!BevMo has nothing on the charm, history, and liquor selection of a place like this! I am not into most beers or wines (of which they have plenty), rather I like to sample the odd/exotic Vodkas, Rums, and Tequillas.Sportmans is a good value, but certainly not discount -it is so worth the better exprience tho- This is a store to browse, ask questions and take your time exploring.Give Sportsmans a shot - and you'll say "No Mo BevMo!"
3	I stopped in to Sportsman's at an odd hour yesterday but was not alone in my pre-5PM drinking. I have to say that I wasn't expecting much from a "sportsman" bar, but thankfully was proved wrong. My coworker and I sat at the bar and perused the really excellent looking menu and decided to snack on a cheese plate (parmigiano, mahon and d'affinois black pepper) and a small basket of handmade pretzels. We ordered glasses of wine and relaxed while waiting for our food. The layout of Sportsman's is nice and it's very clean and upscale but the bar staff is chill and friendly and quick with suggestions.  Also attentive, except for the 8 minute span where our food sat in the kitchen window and no one spanned the 10 foot distance to hand it to us. That was painful, because it looked so good! The cheeses were great, but I'm a cheese lover so anything you put in front of my will be inhaled unless there is something visibly wrong with it. I think pretzels are a wonder of human ingenuity and I nearly clapped when they were presented. I learned how to make them in 7th grade home-ec but I never ceased to be impressed when someone makes one for me. Annie's they're not and thank god for it. Chewy and soft, with a perfect quantity of chunky salt across the board, a little buttery but not at all greasy. The small order carries 3 pretzels and 2 dipping mustards, dijon and honey. In a moment of over-exuberance I over-dunked my pretzel piece in the dijon and my skull nearly popped off. But that's why I love mustard. Sportman's is just the place to come for afternoon drinking and snacking, the whole experience was delightful.
4	If only I still worked at 24th and Camelback!  Sportsman was a required stop on the way home on so many nights.  David the bartender (with the tattoos) was phenomenal - He would ask "Red or White" and without fail I always ended up with a stellar glass of vino.  Same goes for cheese - "hard, soft, sharp, mild" - always ended up with an awesome cheese plate!(The could use better parking.....)
5	When I'm in town, my mom and I always stop for some apps and a glass of wine here.  It's such a sweet place to go.  It's casual and eligant at the same time.  Their salads and bruschetta are TO DIE FOR!  Fresh is a priority with them.  Everything seems freshly made to order.  If you're looking for a quick wine break in between shopping, this is your place.
4	Totally a fan of the happy hour, cheese platter & wine tastings!
5	Love the experienced staff and the beer selection is great.  This is where I buy my beer and I like the idea of supporting our local grocer, Basha's (Sportman's is owned by Basha's).  Five stars.  Keep up the good work!
4	Overall it is fantastic.  Two knocks. 1- When asked for a wine recommendation I was immediately pointed to the most expensive bottle on the list.  Tacky.  2- I ordered the adventurous cheese plate and got very tame cheeses.  I wanted adventure dammit.
5	Again, 5 stars if this could thrive anywhere. Erin, a prior reviewer, said she didn't go to a place called "Sportsmans" - the image of a sports bar kept me out of here for 7 years after I moved into the area - until I was searching for a good place for Spatlese the 1st Thanksgiving I was cooking for my new family. I almost didn't go here then except, well, for the great Yelp reviews. They have the excellent sense to use Tarbell's mozzarella for their Caprese. They have the choicest and least expensive wine-friendly cheese selection I've seen in the valley. Their sommeliers and bottle hunters are felicitously courteous passionate experts - I know, I've challenged them for pairing ideas and then "blind" taste-tested them against other recommendations at my dinner parties - their selections always draw the raves, others' the mumbles. I just wish I'd been "sportsman" enough to venture in 7 years earlier!
4	My husband loves Sportsmans. Its probably the best little specialty beer and wine shop in Phoenix. The staff couldn't be more friendly - it absolutely adds to the experience. The bar is perfect for an easy post-work drink with co-workers or friends. Great selection of wine and beer (obviously) at reasonable prices. They also have some quick and easy food for snacking on. I think I liked it better pre-remodel. They could dim the lights a bit and add a better musical soundtrack during happy hour but overall a great neighborhood spot.
5	If you like trying new wine, this is the place to go! The wine bar- They rotate around 50 wines by the glass every 3-4 months. They always have unique wines that you don't see everywhere and it's a great way to try new things. The employees all know the wines well and give great suggestions. You can also do tastings, so I often end up trying 3 tastings or so, which is a fantastic way to go. As for the food, I admittedly am not a "foodie", so I just look for simple food I like. They have cheese platters, roasted onion bulbs and hummus for appetizers, all of which I enjoy. When I get a meal there, I always love the Isreali Couscous salad. The bar itself is typically quiet, mellow, and a great place for the evenings, or weekend afternoons. The wine store- They have an eclectic selection of wine, and once again, the staff knows the wines well. They are great with giving suggestions based upon what you like, and will give them at all different price points. The prices aren't always the cheapest around, but with such a friendly, helpful, enthusiastic and knowledgable staff, I'm happy to pay a little more for the service.
4	Get this: So I walk in looking for a bottle of an artichoke liqueur I remembered drinking in Italy 15 years before. I ask the older, somewhat dour, cardigan-wearing guy behind the front counter. He squints, wrinkles his nose, and says "Oh that? Yes, that's TERRIBLE stuff! It's right over there on that shelf. It probably has dust on it." That was just perfect. It's why I go to a place like Sportsman's instead of some mass-market warehouse dealio. I LIKE dour old guys in cardigans who know everything about their subject and share candidly. So yes, would recommend. Will go back. Will cry whenever they close after that corner center is turned into yet another shiny granite office building.
4	I really adore this place.  The staff is knowledgable and friendly even to wine novices like me.  The prices are good and there are always bottles chilled and ready to purchase and consume.  If you feel like eating, there are plates of cheese and hummus or light salads and sandwiches.  Great places for a relaxing glass of wine with friends, but it can get busy and there aren't all that many tables.
5	A wine lover`s heaven or ultimate dream!! I went in here to pick out a gift and ended up emerging 2 hours later with not only my wine gift but with more knowledge on wine and feeling pretty good after indulging in a tasting as well!! They have an incredible inventory of wines from all regions, and plenty of spirits and specialty beers. I like this place way more than Total Wines, more intimate and the staff is so helpful! That`s how I ended up staying for the tasting and getting a worthy intro on four different wines, with a cheese plate, delish!! They also serve light salads and sandwiches. I`m coming back here definitely! Need any suggestions for wine, come here!
5	I don't drink but my friends do however I really dig this place. I went last night for the second time and enjoyed my visit. I sat outside with some friends as they drank wine from a very large menu to choose from. There is a variety of food to choose from to compliment the wine or for those who feel like eat a good meal. Our table started off with some cheeses and salmon. Along with some fresh burchetta that is by far the best I have tasted in a long time. This is a great place to hang out for hours and chat with friends while drinking a glass of wine.
5	I love going here to drink wine - lots of options by the glass that are extremely well priced (many $5/glass options that are healthy pours) as well as cheap bottle prices (small markup over retail).Definitely a great "chill" place to go with friends, sip on some wine, order some nibbles (lots of great cheese!) and shoot the shit for a few hours.Also an amazing selection of wines - a great place to experiment and try new things. My suggestion is to belly up to the bar and get recommendations from the bartender on what to try - they'll ask you what you like and then give you something creative that will fit that general palette.Big ups to Sportmans!
4	Ahh the selections are second to none!  It is a holiday tradition to give my father-in-law a bottle of vodka for the holidays. And I am proud that each year, I am able to gift him a bottle that he hasn't yet tried.  And wine - well they have it all!
2	We visited with a coupon and sat outside. The wine and beer selection is great, the food, ie. one dish, was enough to push the rating down to 2. Beware the "Beef Stroganoff". Either the cook didn't finish the dish or the server didn't know jack about either the dish or the general expectation for the dish, but the product came to the table without any sour cream/sauce. Just saute'd beef, with some onion and mushrooms with snap peas over pasta. When I commented on the apparent missing ingredient i was informed that not all "Beef Stroganoff" came with sour cream.  The tastes were ok for saute'd beef 'n onions, but certainly not "Beef Stroganoff" as generally defined. A general fail on the food for this reason alone.
4	I'm always surprised at their great inventory of wines & spirits considering the store is fairly small compared to some of those "big box "wine places. Friendly service - Even though they didn't have the Grappa I was looking for, they suggested a good substitution and said they could order the one I wanted. When I'm in the neighborhood I'll definitely stop in again & again.
5	Sportsman's is on top of the game when it comes to wine! The staff is more knowledgeable and helpful than any other place that I have bought wine at before. I didn't feel like I was being judged for trying to find a cheaper bottle and there was no pretentiousness in the air. While I was inquiring about dry resling, one of the vino gurus offered to get me a taste of one from their bar - and came back with TWO samples for me to try! Sportsman's also has a very intriguing liquor section - I enjoy wandering around and looking at all the fabulous bottles I have never seen nor heard of. Several times a month, they offer complimentary wine tastings and special discounts on most of the bottles being sampled.  They also have a full service restaurant/bar off to the side where they have a huge "by the glass" list - you are also welcome to pick out any bottle from their store, they cork it free of charge, and you can enjoy your retail priced bottle with dinner!  The portabello sliders that I had for dinner were amazing and I am still having dreams about them! My one complaint is petty: their website.  Its overrun with text and finding important information is difficult, it also needs to be better updated with their amazing tasting events!
4	We just moved down the street from 32nd and Camelback so we were excited to try all the restaurants in the plaza. We started with the Sportsman after friends talked it up and it seemed like the most casual place in that spot. It is essentially a nice liquor store with a small bistro in the front. Might now sound nice but it's got a great neighborhood feel. It's small so the staff get to know you and you get to know them. Very friendly and great service. For people who love wine or who have a strong interest in craft beer like I do, you essentially have an amazing liquor store at your fingertips. There are fridges and fridges of craft beer for me to choose from. Grab a bottle and they'll get you a glass. Oh my. I might start a movement to try every beer they have. It could probably take me years. I has ceviche tacos and my bf had the spicy chicken wrap. They were simple yet tasty and we enjoyed them while our server told us about his travels around the world. Just his stories and friendly attitude will bring me back. The warm chocolate cake helps too. I hope to become a regular here.
5	My boyfriend & I went on Saturday, Aug. 4th at around 4:30pm. We were greeted as we walked in & told to take a seat where ever we felt comfortable. Most of the seating is high top tables or at the (high) counter, but there was one table in the corner we found that was perfect (I'm short & not comfortable sitting up high). Our waiter, Andy, came over right away, a very charming and personable young man. I'm not much of a wine drinker (or a drinker at all!), but was in the mood to give a sweet (inexpensive) wine a try. He recommended a delicious Riesling, a bargain at $12. The food was excellent, fresh & full of flavor. You could taste the quality of ingredients they used. We will definitely be coming back here.
5	I was very surprised the first time I walked into Sportsman's; it was not at all what I had expected... but did end up far exceeding that! We walked in to find ourselves in a rather large retail area with an impressive selection of wine. Our waiter, Zach greeted us right away and got us set up at a tall bar table in a small cafe style setting. We weren't too familiar with a lot of the wines they offered so we told him what we preferred and asked him to make a few recommendations. I ended up with a KILLER big bodied cabernet! Very impressed with his ability to select wine for my wife and I, we proceeded to order a selection of meat and cheeses, which we also let him pick out for us! He didn't disappoint!While waiting for our food, I wandered back to the retail area to check out the beer and scotch selections (my beverages of choice). I found several bottles that I've only ever been able to find at Total Wine so far, and around the same price point to boot!Great food, great wine, but most importantly the impressive above and beyond service from Zach, and his expansive knowledge are what earns Sportsman's 5 stars, and will keep us coming back! Cheers!
5	My husband and I went in for the first time two weeks ago to find liqueur that we had been looking for all over the valley.Brian was knowledgeable, helpful, and friendly. He really knew his stuff. He explained why we weren't able to find this particular liqueur in the valley as they have been trying to obtain some themselves. We got to talking about some drinks that we were trying to perfect at home and he made some excellent recommendations. We felt as if we really hit the jackpot on this trip. Total Wine is great and all, but sometimes I feel like the employees there don't REALLY know what they're talking about. Brian, will you be our real life friend? Goodness, I hope his name was Brian or else this review just got really embarrassing.
5	My friends and I came here for their restaurant week menu - and what a way to kick of restaurant week.  The food was really great, the staff friendly and knowledgeable, and the beer and wine selection extensive.
5	Came here for restaurant week.... and went to a few other places following this place.This place was THE BEST!!Had the foie gras, followed by the oyster po boy, then the red velvet cake.... everything was TO DIE FOR!!Will definitely come back here :)
5	I loved this place at first sight for its incredible selection of craft beer and booze. But now that I've eaten here, I'm doubly impressed. I made a visit here with co-workers for a late lunch, and since we are all beer afficionados, we spent some quality time browsing the selection proudly displayed in the shop's extensive glass-door coolers.I had some wonderful pork sliders, whereas my cohorts opted for the hot Italian sandwiches. The folks working here are super friendly and helpful and will even tolerate long rants about beer and whatnot from our little group of random bastards.This is a great place to shop for that otherwise elusive brand of liquor or wine. Of note, they carry Junipero Gin (distilled by the founder of Anchor Steam Brewing, Fritz Maytag) and Pim's No. 1 (for those who like an occasional refreshing Pim's Cup). Pip, pip! Cheerio!
5	I can't believe it took me this long to visit Sportsman's but now that I have, I know I'll be making my way back soon enough! Sportman's is a combination wine bar and retail store for spirits, wine, champagne and beer galore. Plus it's locally owned by the Basha's family! I like Sportsman's because it's a friendly and warm atmosphere and they have a great variety of discounts for their different levels of alcohol. The walls are lined from the floor to the ceiling with every type of alcohol. The prices range from $10 - thousands of dollars! It's pretty easy to find any type of brand here. Since it's the holiday season, they are currently offering sales on several of their high-end brands which makes it easy to visit for the purchase of a gift! I also like the fact that guests can visit the intimate bar area and sip on some beverages to take a break from shopping. They also make customized gift baskets!
5	Seriously one of my favorites places in Phoenix!  We enjoyed a great Saturday lunch of ham and brie sandwiches with the best spicy honey mustard I have ever tasted (ending up buying a jar to take home), a glass of champagne for $6 and we bought a bottle of wine at the shop with no corkage fee to enjoy with our lunch.  Plus, Restaurant.com is offering $25 certificates for their food for just a few dollars - what a great deal!I can't wait to come back again next month!  By the way, the service is incredible too - very friendly and good with suggestions!
5	Sportsman's Fine Wines saved the day! Kimber was fantastic, professional and more than accommodating when delivering our beverages for our event. Count on Sportsman's!
4	Great selection of wines combined with fun cheese plates and small plates. Staff definitely knows wine and beer. Love the location.
5	good food.great wine.fantastic staff, period.
1	I have been stopping in at Sportsman's Fine Wine & Spirits for a couple of years now. The price range of wine was extreme, they had wine that ranged from @ $10.00 a bottle to bottles that cost in my opinion an insane amount not to say they are not worth the insane price it is just the price was insane. But sadly the reason I have given just one star is the store is closed down  yep that is right no longer in business.
5	Amazing little place where you're surrounded by wine. You can try out cheeses, and wines, and all kinds of stuff!Food details:Seared scallop salad, avocado, cherry tomato, vinegretteCheese plate and have gluten free crackers!Amazing winesVery cute place for a date.
