4	This might be the best spot in Tempe to watch the sunset.  The view from the outdoor patio is amazing.  I wish I could say that the outdoor patio was smoke free though.  I actually had to walk inside to get a breath of fresh air!  That aside, the interior is spacious and they have a chic black and white theme with the decor.  The couches in the private lounge areas aren't all that comfy but then again you don't want people to fall asleep on the furniture either.    The mix drinks seemed strong and the servers were good about coming around and checking on you.  It's always nice when you don't have to stand in line at the bar to get a drink.The crowd is a bit younger since you are in Tempe but if you don't mind rubbing elbows with some undergrads then you might want to check this place out. If for nothing else you need to at least see the view of downtown Tempe.
4	Three flights up from The Big Bang basement bar, The Library street level bar, and on the roof of Hooters is the icing on the college bar cake stack. Once you step inside and begin to catch your breath (assuming you're a sad old fuck like me and get at all winded from scaling three flights of stairs), you'll feel instantly at home (if home to you feels like a moderately nightclubby rooftop college bar on Mill Ave.). The inside is all black, but they spared us from the excessive black lights that illuminate your fabric softener making you feel like everyone can see your body is covered in dandruff. There's a big open dance floor that spans the length of the room along the bar leading to an outside patio. The walls are lined with a college version of swanky white comfy seating with curtains to make you feel like a VIP. We were allowed to sit in a velvet roped off VIP area, but told that we would only have to move if someone "bought it." We were soon to find out how unlikely that would be...The Dj arrived and started blasting hip hop (a personal un-favorite), and I asked him to turn it down in just the speaker that was aimed at us so we could hear each other. It took us awhile to realize that nobody was inside even though we had a clear view of the patio, but we finally did and we headed out. The patio was quieter and it overlooked Mill Ave in all its glory. We could see from the treetops to the pedestrians across the street. The patio quickly filled up while the inside remained more or less empty. They were gracious enough to include an outside bar so we didn't have to endure hip hop music on 11. There were also beds outside and some decent bar-height seating near the balcony which made it pretty casual and relaxing and social. My biggest problem with the outside was that everyone was smoking (as young people all apparently do) and it felt just as smoky as the insides of smoky bars used to be before the smoking ban. I also kinda felt kinda cheated by having to pay 2 bucks for a diet soda refill (no refills, son). The staff was pretty nice and the waitresses seemed to be very attentive and efficient (and cute). It's not really my kind of place because of the music and the crowd and the fact that those days are behind me, but I imagine that it has to be the best thing on that corner. If you're in your 20s, it seems like a great place to go.
3	Suite 301 would do themselves good by turning it down a notch.  What they are sitting on here, is a magnificent space in an urban enthusiast's wet dream, 3 stories above the foot-traffic-heavy streetscapes of downtown Tempe.  Windows line the facade and compliment this view gorgeously from inside the bar, while the three step up and out onto the sunbathed rooftop deck seals the deal as the best place to drink-with-a-view outside of the Clarendon Hotel.  I cannot even fathom the investment needed in order to secure this spot for your bar-owning dreams, which is why its is a bit disappointing, albeit, understandable, that they use this space as a den for hopeful men willing to overpay for mid-level booze and sit on white furniture, hoping to pay their way into some breezy's Valentino dress.  Sadly, any semblance of LA chic is kicked right off the balcony, as the first HIGHLY NOTICEABLE detail of the bar is their penchant for IKEA furniture.  I wonder if the owner was that dude who camped out for weeks prior to the stores Grand Opening and won all that free furniture.  I mean, its apparent  and obvious so much so that the whole place screams 'Cheap!" or better yet, "We're trying to fool you" ... leather chaise lounges, that one round mattress bed, the mirrors, stools, even their potters.  I'm sure if they actually gave wine glasses to their outdoor patrons, we'd actually seen the stemware labeled "Svalka".Yet, there ARE plenty of redeeming qualities.  As mentioned, the space is warehouse elegant, with exposed brick and multi-layers of foundation.  The views are perfect, and the open air feels great at sunset.  Also, the service is helpful and quick and generally delightful.  The pours are strong and the prices reasonable -- at least during Happy Hour.  Overall, drinks from 5:30 - 7 is recommended strongly.  There is a pleasant clientele and the vibe is festive before the thousandaires get crunk later on at night.
2	Suite 301, you're still that crappy bar that resided there before you (aka Owls Nest). So much to offer with no effort, yet they cant accomplish this perfect canvas. This place would be super dope if they would have done it right. *Sidebar: Keep the beefy chicks off the brass poles. Thanks.
3	What a pretentious scene!! But drinks are decently priced at $6 or $7 for a mixed drink. One bar inside and one bar outside.They have round beds on their patio that no one seems to sit/lay on...I wonder why. There is a semi-good view of downtown Tempe and the patio is awesome on a warm Arizona night.
4	Went here last Friday, Saturday, and uh... every other time I've been in Tempe.  Saturday was the Redbull WakeLab after party, which kicked ass!  Thanks Dragon!!!$3 wells on a Saturday "friend's bday" night = story time...Many a Jack n' Coke later, I watched the drunk-ass bday boy piss on the bar while he and people next to him ordered drinks.  Nobody could see since the bar is up to your chest... I was very impressed!Later he tried sleeping on the sidewalk, then pissed while lying sideways on the hotel room floor.  Once again, I was impressed.Thanks 301 for making my friend so drunk he entertained us all night.Oh, and this place is so nice (actually they didn't have a say in the matter), they let one of the riders steal a bottle of Jack from behind the bar and carry it around for an hour until it got finished.  That's pretty Suiiiiiiiiiiite!
4	Suite 301 might be my favorite bar in Tempe.  301 is a couch type lounge with a great outdoor patio located on Mill Ave above Hooters.  The lighting, music and decor give it an chill atmosphere and ambiance all its own, especially for Downtown Tempe.  Friday and Saturday nights start off slow, but kick it into high gear fast about 11:30 or so.     One major plus...this place is loaded with hot bartenders.  What?  I'm just sayin. Another plus is that drinks are reasonably priced.  The wait staff are usually attentive if you are lucky enough to get a couch.  There is a negative of getting up there.  The elevator shuts off at a certain time and the back stairs get to be like a subway ride during rush hour in Japan.  And let's not beat around the bush...some nights it can be DB central.  But, I recommend it if you are on Mill and want to chill in a lounge.
4	I love this place! They have a few poles strategically placed around the club...some for public viewing and others that are a little more shielded from public view if you want to dance in a more "private" setting in the VIP tent area. The drinks are reasonably priced, the DJ played some great music, and overall this place is good for a night out.
4	It takes a lot for a bar on Mill Ave. to impress me, because there is a lot of FAIL in the vicinity, but 301 is without question one of the best options for a night out. I feel that the $5 cover charge is particularly lame and unnecessary, there's never any amazing talent as far as dj's, bands, or performers, but I usually just deal with it because I'd much rather be here than some cramped, overhyped clusterf*ck like Zuma. I'm going to agree wholeheartedly that the female bartender's here are SMOKIN', usually hotter than most of the girls in the crowd on an average night. No complaints on that...I love the outdoor patio here, definitely one of the best selling points of the venue itself. Overall the whole place is pretty spacious, the only major flaw is the dj booth with it's akward placement and the sound system is a bit weak. I'll add that it wouldn't hurt to update the place and make it a little more visually appealling overall, but whatever, certainly not a deal-breaker. Drinks are generally proper, and priced average. Bouncers and door staff have never been rude, and don't strike me as the typical roid-monkey variety, which is a plus.  As a whole, a nice change of pace if you're sick of the usual Mill b.s., but c'mon guys, let's cut the silly cover charge out of the equation.
3	I'm not gonna lie here, but I have had some really good times at this bar.  It's a mill staple in my book, and a place that I always seem to head if I am out in Tempe, but I am not sure that I actually like it.The drinks are cheap for the most part, and they have a great selection of beers on tap inside.  I don't expect much out of the bartenders, but they certainly know how to sling a few cocktails.  The bathrooms are always extremely dirty, and the bathroom attendant seems to have disappeared.  The flow of the bar is terrible with many bottlenecks and areas where people are supposed to walk but cant.The best part of this bar is definitely the patio.  Yea, you can't bring a glass out.  Big deal, its not like the $2 Coors Light or $3 red bull vodka you are drinking on Mill is that much worse without a chilled glass.  Plus all of you idiots out there are more apt to throw your bottle or glass off the side of the building "just to see what happens".  The patio is on the third floor of the building so you are able to look over the city lights.  It's pretty cool.  I stay outside because the bottlenecks that I mentioned inside aren't there.  The bar is almost fully stocked, minus all of the beers that they have on tap inside.
4	We came here on a Wednesday night where the crowd was small yet very eclectic. It was the $1 drinks that lured us in and kept us there. Besides the $5 cover charge, I really enjoyed this place. It's a rooftop bar so the atmosphere resembles a city penthouse suite.
1	Scale of 1-10 (single visit):n/a Food2 *DRINKS*8 Service7 Atmosphere6 ValueMaybe I'm just old.  Or maybe I just have a love affair with the prospect of not having to say "WHAT?" to everyone when I'm 60.  But either way, I thought this place was too loud.  Hell, all dance clubs would probably get this from me.  I'm just not a fan of permanently damaging my hearing.  It's odd really.Then add to that the fact that the fire alarm was going off (false alarm they said).  The flashing lights actually kind of fit the ambiance, but the piercing alarm was unpleasant to say the least (which went on for at least 30 minutes if not longer - it was still going off when we left).  Unplug the damn thing.  It's not like it's going to alert you to a fire in that state anyways...The outdoor patio area was nice, I'll concede that.  And the $3 drink specials even on a Friday night was a win.  But my non-beer drinks were crap.  My Captain&Coke tasted funny.  I get this drink everywhere and keep a handle at home for frequent imbibing, so I know what it should taste like to a T, and this was seriously effed up.  I couldn't identify what was wrong, but something was very wrong.  And other basic mixed drinks I tried tasted like they had only meager sprigs of alcohol - for $8 a pop.  Fail.FYI: we didn't have a cover, which seems different than some other reviews on here.
4	While in Phoenix for White Sox Spring Training, I hit up ASU's Mill Avenue to check out the bar scene.  It's comparable to downtown San Diego: clean, lit up, lots of people, brick sidewalks, and lots of young women.I found this place and went for the rooftop view.  It's pretty nice but only 3 floors up (don't expect a view even close to SD's Altitude or SD's Manchester Grand Hyatt).  I was expecting a more dressed up scene but when the music started and the crowd hit the dance floor, it was a bunch of casually dressed college girls grinding on each other.  I didn't expect a college bar from such a nicely presented place.I'd check it out for a drink before you head off to another bar.
3	Being a "clubbing" type of girl, I love the fancy decor, good music and snazzy things when it comes to going out to a good club to dance and have some fun.  When I first came in here, I was like, okay the elevator entrance is nice, music is pretty good, and dang, this place is huge!  I'd definitely say that this is more of a high end bar compared to other bars at Mill, definitely would want to dress up a little more.  I liked the big patio area you can go to if you wanted fresh air or wanted to distance yourself from the music indoors.  Lots of seating area, always a plus!!!Really can't say much since I was already a little tipsy (usually not as observant when in that condition) BUT I do remember the floor being a little too wet.  Yes, I know people spill their drinks on accident, but their floor was ridiculously wet I had to write a yelp review on it.........
2	Not a big club, but the location is great, its on the 3rd floor, seating outside, nice view, outdoor and indoor bar, and good music. I prefer Scottsdale, this is not my kind of crowd.
4	Suite 301 is always my first pick when going out on Mill Ave. The drinks are cheap, the crowd is friendly, and I LOVE the rooftop patio. I always have a great time here and it's nice to know that if I work up the liquid courage to dance there is a decent dance floor to show off my sweet dance moves.
4	How have a not written this review yet?! SHAME on me!I love Suite 301.  I have a good time every time i end up here. There is just something about this place that is different from the other typical clubs in the area and Scottsdale as well. The vibe here is just laid back. You have a little bit of everyone on the crowd. People dressed up and people dressed down and the ones who fall somewhere in the middle. There really is no judgment at this place and that's hard to find. its nice to be able to dance and drink around a bunch of people and not feel out of place, judged etc. Of course the people make the atmosphere, so i guess just cool people end up here :)my fav part of 301 you ask? Why the rooftop of course!  Drink, dance, sit, smoke, look around. I love that roof.Thursdays are two for one. And Fridays are always good here as well! drink prices are pretty good also. they usually have a special up until 11 or something also.
3	If I was 21, I'd love this place but I'm not and I didn't.  I didn't want to give it 1 star because I'm an old crab but I rated it on how I would feel if I was still in my going out every night phase.Early in the night they have 2 for 1 drinks, you have to get them at the same time.  This would have been amazing 8 years ago.  The outdoor patio is nice but could use more seating.It was dead when we got there but was banging when we left, just before 1 am.
4	One of the best places to go on Mill to dance! It has a great vibe and the music is actually better than most places. And an extra bonus is that it's clean and doesn't have a particular funk when you first walk in. I will warn you if you never been before there are a few stairs to say the least and the last of the stairs get steep. So be prepared if you're wearing heels. The drinks are overpriced for what you get . All in all a guaranteed good time!
4	Just about the only place left on Mill that you can go to dance. Good drinks, and actually pretty laid back for a club.
4	Love this place. Its a little dead on Thursday nights, but I like that about the place. There is an outside patio and they often have great deals.
4	My greatest regret about Suite 301 is not checking it out on my first dozen benders through Mill Ave. Make sure you obey their silly dress code, or you're at least charming enough to be overlooked, and make your way up the staircase. Take note of the intervals between steps.You'll probably have trouble walking back down. My pals had no trouble dancing the night away. I'm more of a let's-get-drunk-and-observe-people kind of nerd, so naturally I went to the bar first. $5 pints are a steal when it's Saturday night and you can drink New Belgium Somersault like water. I didn't get mixed drinks, because fuck the mixed drinks when you've got this tap selection at this price in this cool of a club. Several pints deep, I wandered away to the patio. Not bad at all--you get another bar, groovy furniture, and an amazing view. Hell, you can light one up if you fancy a smoke. Suite 301 combines my desire for nice crowds, good drinks, atmosphere, and friendly staff. I like.
3	This place is closed? Its now called Rooftop.
2	The night after the boyfriend and I landed at Phoenix to pay a visit, his buddy took us to Mills (the street full of bars to hop) to just have a great time and boy were we disturbed by what we saw2.5 stars for being a rooftop lounge and for having a beautiful view of the deserted city at night time. Other than that...it's only OKAY.Bouncers were almost everywhere... I swear they were in each corner or something. Apparently they have poles for pole dancing? Um... *shakes my head* There are a few tables and not many were booked for bottle service. There is a patio outside for smokers. In and out there's a full bar. Seats are available outside, but first come, first serve. Oh right...back to the disturbance of the night...after having a few drinks in through the night, we see a lady in heels and preggo dancing/grinding pretty much killed our buzz :( I'm sorry, but that was just weird and wrong. I hope she was not drinking that night... I hope the next time I come here for the view to not see another pregnant lady grinding it.
