5	If you're visiting in Las Vegas and is looking for a dry cleaner, Sparkle Cleaners & Laundry is a good one to go to. First, for it's location and second, for it's reputation.  I know a number of people, both men and women, who would only trust their expensive clothes to Sparkle.  An example is my dear SO who would ask me to bring his Ascot Chang shirts and collection of expensive business suits only to Sparkle Cleaners & Laundry because he says "there's really a difference and it's better" than the regular and cheaper dry cleaner I bring the rest of his and my clothes to.  A 2-piece suit costs $12.00.  A shirt, laundered, no starch, $3.50.  A little more than other dry cleaners but a lot of people attest that the Sparkle's work is worth the price.  Sparkle's location is accessible, even for tourists.  For tourists staying on any hotel along south Las Vegas Blvd.(The Strip), going to Sparkle will be a chance to cruise along The Strip and enjoy all the sights(nevermind the traffic) until you get to Sahara Ave. where you have to make a left.  About .5 mile from the corner of Sahara and Las Vegas Blvd., you will find a strip mall on the right.  Sparkle is just a few doors down Golden Steer Steak House(a big local favorite).  I want to give Sparkle's 4 stars because of the high price they charge compared to my other dry cleaner but I figured 4 stars is unfair since I've gone back to them countless times indicating I believe I get my money's worth anyway.  Forget my price complaint.
1	It is with great disappointment that I am writing to report my dissatisfaction with "Soon", the proprietor of SPARKLE CLEANERS. For over 5 years, I have been taking the extra driving risk required to visit this location and take the quickest shortcut around the backstreets behind this block to head east on Sahara (otherwise one has to go over the 15 freeway before being able to U-turn from west to east.) This is NOT a convenient location from a driving risk standpoint.It was on the advice of a friend when I first tried the cleaners and was well pleased when 75% of the time spots were successfully removed without a trace. This was magic and I kept coming back and referring  friends despite the additional cost. Okay, in 5 years I have only lost one item which may not be enough to be complaining about. But I think I need to tell the whole story so here goes:Patiently, I returned week after week to pick up my favorite white blouse (valued at $400 from Anne Fontaine at the Forum). She shook her head and said that it was not ready and that I should come back in another week. This went on for FOUR weeks. Finally, I received the blouse with her complaining about how much work it was to iron the sash. Well, that is what I thought I was paying for! Nothing but smiles from me; someone else had done the ironing while I did the driving and driving and driving...Biggest complaint:  when you drop off a valued item and expect that it will be rightfully returned, you do NOT want it to be implied that YOU are in error. This is the SECOND time that I met with great resistance when informing Soon of a mistake. The first time, it was with my other favorite white blouse valued at $200 from Saks. Soon tried to give me someone else's cheap white shirt instead. She insisted that it was mine. Politely, I pleaded with her that mine was different. She did not want to believe that it was a mistake, but I refused to take someone else's garment instead of my own. Weeks later, she called and apologized she had found mine. This was a relief. I honestly thought I had lost the garment. I continued to trust Soon.This last and final time is the biggest disappointment because it resulted in the loss of a family heirloom. I took 12 blankets and quilts in for cleaning. I was very anxious over the fact that she was too busy to write a proper ticket for the items and instead she quickly took them from me and stuffed them all into plastic bags. I requested that she write a ticket, but she gestured for me to leave and that she had it under control. Against my better judgment, I allowed her too-busy demeaner to intimidate me. I left with a bad feeling. There was no indication of cleaning costs either. You can guess what happened. I am given back only 11 of the items and charged a bill of $200 for cleaning these quilts, afghans, and wool blankets! Granted, this was an unusual cleaning order. I really should have been told what to expect. Worst yet, when I got home I realized that the most valuable wool heirloom blanket was MISSING. So I called immediately to let Soon know. She repeatedly insisted that I was mistaken (just as she did with the white blouse she later found) and that there were no other blankets in for cleaning but mine and that I had received them all. Now, I feel like a fool for continuing to allow myself to be treated this way. Even if there is a risk of property loss, I should not have to be treated without respect as a long-time loyal customer. Would you?
5	This is an excellent dry cleaners in the central Las Vegas area. Not cheap, but the attention to detail is superb.  I was picking up some items and the kind and soft spoken Chinese man (co-owner?) was very apologetic that he had not yet finished detailing a white shirt of mine.  I looked it over and it looked perfect to me, but his wife explained that he wanted to re-press the button placket to get out some very minor and hardly noticeable creases at the bottom.  I assured him I was very happy with it as it was, but he felt terrible that he couldn't fine tune it to his own satisfaction.  WOW!   Again,  it is not necessarily the best choice for those on a budget, but you really get your $$$ worth at Sparkle Cleaners!
5	What a sweet lady!  I needed a suit and a shirt cleaned and pressed for a wedding the next day.  I came in at the very end of the day on Friday, explained my situation and told her I needed it by 1PM the next day.  She told me that she would be happy to help me out and that I could come in earlier if it would be more convenient for me.  True to her word everything was ready at noon like it was brand new.  I would recommend this place to anyone.
5	Was in Las Vegas for a week and needed somewhere to drop off my laundry.  Found this place on yelp so I figure I would give it a try since it was close to my hotel.  The woman who works there is super nice.  There was a couple of customers in front of me and it seemed like she knew everyone by name.  I dropped off my clothes around noon and was able to pick up everything by 4pm.  Super fast turn around at a good price.  She only charged me $2/lb for wash and foil service.  I will definitely use this place again whenever I'm in town.
1	I came to this cleaners for a bridesmaid dress to be altered and I was extremely happy with it.  Since I live close by I figured I would try the Dry Cleaning side of.  I will NEVER EVER come back to this place again.  I feel like I was totally ripped off.  I dropped my clothes off on a Thursday and she said to pick them up on Tuesday.  (Open all weekend so why so long).  I came in today Tuesday at 4pm.  She told me they JUST STARTED working on my items and she would call me when they would be ready.  1 hour later she said they were ready.  I picked them up, took them home and this is when I get heated.  My Herve Leger dress I dropped off was the only thing that looked cleaned.  I had black shoe polish stains on it from an event I had attended and lucky for me they came out and the dress looked brand new.  I made such a stink about this dress to the older Asian lady at the front of the store, she knew I was going to make sure this dress was spotless when I came back.  All my other shirts still had water stains on them and they looked dirty still.  It looked like all my other items were just pressed so they looked like they were treated.  I think they ran out of time and got lazy and so they cleaned the Herve Leger dress and just pressed the other items to save time and to rip me off! I called as soon as I got home and noticed all of this and the same lady played dumb with me.  She said I could come back the next day and they would fix it but as I told her before, I was going out of the country and needed these items.  She then said to bring them in when I get back and they will correct the issue but to be honest, after reading others reviews on this place, I do not trust Sparkle Cleaners.  I'll take a loss on this and go back to my other dry cleaners across town.   Save yourself the trouble people!!
1	Took in a First thing I noticed was that there are no signs indicating cost of services. Second thing...a proper ticket wasn't written up. Third thing...I took it in on a Thursday. Items weren't ready until Tuesday even though Monday was agreed upon. Last thing...the cost was pricey. You can find better for less all around Las Vegas.
5	The people that work here are the most accommodating people I have ever encountered! I took a formal dress here the day of my boyfriends marine ball and they had it steamed in 15 minutes for me. Every other place in the area had me waiting all day or even an entire day. Such great people low prices and great work. Highly recommended
1	I have never been so utterly dissatisfied with a place of business. Everything started off fine when I dropped off my light colored queen sized comforter to be cleaned. Got my ticket and told it would be ready on Thursday (I dropped it off on Monday). I show up on Thursday simply to be told that it wasn't ready come back tomorrow. Come back tomorrow and the Asian woman behind the counter begins laughing at me. She brings my comforter, I pay, get it home and on the bed to find out it has bleach stains on it!!! Seriously I went back FUMING with comforter in hand. How unprofessional of a business owner to not call a customer when it becomes known that by cleaning the product that it may come out stained and ruined. Shouldn't that be the customers choice to proceed with the service. ESPECIALLY since she had my telephone number on the ticket. So not only I am out the $20 I payed for the service but now I am having to buy a brand new comforter that doesn't have any permanent stains all because "you a dirty dirty man. It yo fault for being so dirty. You ruin comforter". So thank you Sparkle Cleaners for the best experience possible. Do your selves a favor and never bring your clothing or anything here to be cleaned!!
5	I have been going here for 3 years. The owner is  extremely nice and always takes good care of me. I am a big user of dry cleaning as almost all my shirts require either dc or to be pressed. I don't own and iron and she does a great job. Every now and again a shirt has a stain that come out or even maybe something goes missing. This is normal w dry cleaners. I read the reviews on here and simply didn't like those negative reviews at all. I have used dozens of different dry cleaners and hey do a great job compared to all others. If something went missing then it's your fault if you didn't get a receipt or count your items on pickup. I have lost things here and there and I never count anything. I don't want to take the time so that is my decision. The people complaining about stains and things showing up, my guess is most of the time it is your fault. If I spill something on a shirt and she can't get it out it's my fault. So as far as cleaners go she is impeccable with honesty and finished product. I trust her with my things and I think anyone could. I have left money and chips in products dropped off there and there it is in a small bag on pickup. Once I left a stack of $100 chips in a pair of pants and found in on my next pickup. Nothing but great things to say. Highly recommend.
5	Fast 5 hour turnaround and less than half of what the hotel wanted for 36hour turnaround. She also fixed a button. Awesome job. Make sure you tip well and pay cash--it is Vegas
