3	I visited the establishment yesterday and tried out the three meat and 2 sides. I had the brisket, ribs, pulled pork, pork & beans, and Mac & cheese. I enjoyed both the ribs and brisket, but the pulled pork was dry and tasteless. I would pass on that item on the menu. BBQ bake beans were awesome, but the Mac & Cheese weren't up to par. They didn't have enough cheese and the pasta used make it chewy. Maybe the pasta was undercooked..... Free refill on drinks, but if there is a long line at the counter don't even bother trying to get a refill. Big side note about seating!! Space is limited inside and there are seats outside. We were originally gonna sit outside but then I noticed above your head is where people are walking and there are holes on the flooring above. If you mind dirt and other god awful things on people's shoes DO NOT SIT ON THE PATIO. Overall it was decent.
3	My new favorite BBQ place in Las Vegas container park! This is the rockiness' place in vegas for quick affordable food in downtow Las Vegas, nv..BUT! the sides are not as flavorful as the rest. Note to self: Order meat and bring seasoning for sides
2	Where do I even start -__-I mean, I wanna laugh just thinking about writing this review.The BF and I weren't hungry but, decided to just try it since we were already at Container Park. Once we entered the place, the girl at the counter told us that they were out of all the meats, except the sausage links...which is funny because that's the one meat I didn't wanna try lolRegardless, we went with it - sausage links sandwich and baked beans (for me) and mac and cheese (for him). The girl was nice enough to give us the extra side for free!We got the sandwich first and once we opened our plate lunch, we had cut up sausage links and bread. Literally! No sandwich in sight.I looked at my BF, then the menu, and was like: "I thought this was a sandwich?????!"Let it be known that the sausage links were tasty.Then we get our side of baked beans and mac and cheese in cups. CUPS! The kinda cups that they prolly use for their complimentary waters. The baked beans were so hot that my cup started to melt at the bottom and completely disfigured. I couldn't stop laughing about it!Baked beans weren't anything to rave about...nothing sweet or caramelized. Tasted like it was from a can, to be honest. The mac and cheese was penne pasta with soupy sauce.Overall, disappointing experience. Only saving grace and only reason I didn't give it 1 star was the great service and personalities of those behind the counter.****** This place just opened so I'm sure they have ALOT of glitches to figure out. Most def has a lot of potential. Local small businesses are what Container Park is all about, after all.
3	great environment and friendly staff. The reason I give it 3 stars is because the food is mediocre and the portions are small. I ordered a 2 meat combo for about $13 and that was barely enough (no drink included). Container park is pretty cool though and foot traffic will probably overcome the shortcomings of the menu/food
5	Great staff and service.  I really like the BBQ.  The combo platters let you try up to 3 different items.  I also really love the coleslaw!  I can't wait to go back.
3	I dub Big Ern's the first place I've grubbed at in the Container Park. Pricing is a little steep but considering the tastiness of the food, I'll accept it. The place is extremely small, perhaps fitting around 10 or less people in the seating area.  There are seats out on the patio, but it was about 40 degrees outside when I went.The girl who rang me up kept on looking at me like she was annoyed with what I was ordering. I was glad I was wearing sunglasses because we could've had a terrible stare-down competition. Besides the service being weird or rude--or whatever you would categorize it as--I had a lovely BBQ chicken sandwich. The chicken was a little on the dry-side, but I looooved the bbq sauce that came on it. I am usually a hater of bbq sauces because they usually over power my taste buds. But this sauce actually complimented the chicken well.  The only critique of the sandwich was that the bun was cold and it would have been TOTALLY awesome if it was warm and toasted. But hey, what can I do?My dude got the two meat combo with sausage and brisket. He said he liked it. So I snuck a piece of his brisket and it was indeed tasty but a little dry. Overall the experience was underwhelming. I won't NOT come back, because I think the sauce they use is fantastic. However, I don't see myself as a frequenter.
2	Had a plate with:- Ribs- Brisket- Macaroni & Cheese- ColeslawFood========Brisket was the best item of the plate.Ribs didn't fall off the rib and were a little to dry for my taste. As sides go, I picked what should be the best indicators of a bbq joint, both of which were incredibly disappointing. They were both bland and lacked that kick that should be saying, "Welcome to big Ern's, you've just been branded for life by our signature sides!" Hoping they'll tweak them a little bit.Service========Note: It was the first official day of the container park, so take this part of the review with a grain of salt and I wouldn't consider it indicative of a typical visit. **Service has no bearing on my star rating.**Ordering took a while. It could've been the spike in customers and first time for the cashiers to be using Square, but it took a really long time for an individual to place an order (somewhere around 2 minutes, which is significant considering how fast the process should be at a place where they take your order at a counter).Service line was fast, but they forgot one of my sides.Overall, everyone working there was really nice and I think they probably have some kinks to work out, but the main things I'd look for next time I go back are more enjoyable/memorable sides and ribs that make your mouth water whenever you hear someone mention Big Ern's.
5	Great BBQ! Staff is awesome, whenever I would come to downtown I looked forward to eating at Big Ern's(before container park) now I work downtown and he's in a cool place too! Love it
1	First off, this place doesn't serve potatoes as a side.  That's a complete "f#ck you" to BBQ connoisseurs.  What kind of BBQ joint doesn't have a choice of french fries, baked potato, mashed potatoes or even just plain potato chips?  Potato SALAD?  Yeah, I'll have that with a side of diarrhea, please.  Disgusting.Okay, well, first of all, don't believe the reviews.  I came here because it was recommended to me by Yelp!  Never again.  This place was an annoyance to get to, if you're familiar with downtown Las Vegas; it's right off Fremont Street at the aptly named Container Park.  What that means is that you'll be parking blocks away, feeding a meter, and then walking to your destination, rain or shine.So I finally convinced myself to go.  I was feeling suicidal, which only leaves you two options: kill yourself, or get something good to eat.  I chose the latter this time.  I expected this to perk up my spirits, just a day before Lonely Christmas, but read on, fellow Yelpers...After going out of my way to stalk this place, and in less than bitter spirits, I chose the three-meat combo in order to get it all out of the way; that's right, pulled pork, beef brisket and "ribs."  Just "ribs."  I had no idea what I was in for.Paid the $15 (oh, did I mention I'm unemployed?) for the combo, in addition to the $1 in the meter (which I include in the bill, for the inconvenience).  Food came quickly; the line wasn't too bad.  Here's a round-up of the eats:1) Pulled pork - the best part of the plate.  Stringy.  Cold.  But edible.  Pour a bunch of extra BBQ sauce on it because it is DRY.2) Beef brisket - Hard.  Chewy.  You're forced to chew it for 5 minutes, then eventually swallow when you're tired of chewing.  This stuff was TERRIBLE.  Not recommended at all.3) "Ribs" - NOT MEANT FOR HUMAN CONSUMPTION.  I don't even know what part of the pig this was.  The tendons?  It was not even remotely chewable.  I attempted to eat half of one, then asked for a to-go box for the remainder of the brisket and ribs.  I've never done that before.  Usually I finish it all in one go.  And that's not a compliment regarding the portions.The combo also came with a "roll."  I.E. Half a hamburger bun.  Yes, you read that right.  Half a f#cking hamburger bun.  Merry f#cking Christmas.My dog will eat well tonight.
2	When I'm thinking damn I should have just got Subway, then there's a problem. I am really trying to support some of the local eateries downtown but it's really hard when some of the food is not very good. Let me start of by saying the service was good, the cashier was funny and friendly, the cook looked like he was happy to be there, and the place looked to be a nice place to stop into after a couple drinks at one of the bars in Container Park. But that's about where it ends.We ordered the ribs, hot links, pulled pork sandwich, macaroni and cheese, and potato salad. Let me sum it up quick because you don't need to read a novel: The pulled pork sandwich was actually pretty good with the bbq sauce. The hot link had a decent kick to it but was a little full of gristle and was alright. The mac and cheese was greasy but dry and flavored with salt and water (weird).The potato salad wasn't bad but I have a feeling it's probably going to look about the same on the way out.The ribs were an epic fail. How are these chewy, gristly, tough stubs ribs? What animal did you take these from? I'm not even sure McDonald's would use that rib meat for their McRib. I like to give places the benefit of the doubt so maybe some day I'll give it another shot...and probably after a couple shots. But I hope they pull it together because a "good" bbq spot on Fremont would be clutch.
1	They weren't friendly and almost everything I tried to order had some rule that prevented me from getting the quantity I preferred. Every meat seemed to be styled from a different city (Kansas City brisket, Memphis pulled pork, St.louis ribs, etc.) so the place really didn't have it's own identity. The sides looked good but really lacked flavor. For example, the potato salad looked fabulous but really didn't taste like anything; the macaroni and cheese tasted like butter I guess. The biggest problem was the way they presented the meat. I ordered a three meat plate and they poured sauce on everything (NOT a good sign) and basically scrunched all three meats into a bowl. The brisket was thin and chewy, basically no smoked flavor. It also had cracks in it, so I guess they don't cut to order (either that are they are really doing something wrong). The ribs looked promising, but again they were chewy and no smoked flavor. The pork had slightly more flavor and the texture seemed right but the sauce was inappropriate (pulled pork typically has a thin vinegar sauce on the side, not BBQ sauce on top). Honestly, I didn't finish it and as much as I hate to waste food I threw at least half of it away.
5	I love this place! The food is flavor-able without being too salty. The sides are homemade which makes them tasty, not like store-bought or out of a can and heated. The meats are smoked daily.It's interesting how many people do not understand the difference between wet and dry bbq. Barbecue preference is largely dictated by whether you like saucy or seasoned meat  Dry barbecue is smoked, while the wet variety is usually cooked in a fire pit. As they say, the secret is in the sauce. Or the rub. And Big Ern uses both which are also homemade. Rubs are typically worked into the meat the night before it's cooked so that the salt can penetrate the cut and tenderize it. But rubs do more than flavor and soften the meat; they also enhance its texture by caramelizing and forming a crispy crust when cooked. Because of the rub's ability to penetrate the meat, fatty cuts like brisket respond well to this type of seasoning. Memphis BBQ is typically a dry barbecue with sauce on the side; in Kansas City and North Carolina, people like their barbecue wet with even more sauce on the side. The service is great, and I have been lucky to sit inside on all my visits, because of the temperatures, but, I am sure that the heaters would be turned on, if needed.The price to some may be steep, however, go to any fast food restaurant and up-size that meal, and see what you'll pay for heart-attack in a box.I only have one negative remark and it's to Lonely D who reviewed on 12/23, I understand that the holidays may be lonely for some, but one who is unemployed, was a 3 meat combo really necessary, if you couldn't really afford it?Ok, another remark to Lonely D. Sorry. French fries, really? i just googled Southern BBQ side dishes and the most common sides are available at Big Ern's. Only one out of 10 sites even listed "oven-fried" fries, as a side dish. So I guess, the next time you want to take a "suicidal" trip, try McDonald's, i hear they have a form of "rib" sandwich (now this is not meant for human consumption).Big Ern's BBQ is small (meaning a one store location), but a HUGE success!!
2	Run of the mill BBQ joint in the Container Park. Staff is friendly, yet attention to detail is lacking. Prices are on the high side.
1	All I can say is disgusting. Spent the evening trying out the different food joints and the wine bar. First off the other food joints have a decent product. And the wine bar some pretty nice wines.So the reason I am writing this review, Big Erns, disgusting. First off, during my travels through the park I saw one of the cooks getting drunk at the wine bar and then at the taco shop. When I saw him at big erns never saw him wash his hands. To me that's just disgusting. So to say the least I didn't order any food, just beware when you eat there.
1	Possibly the worst BBQ I've ever had. Don't waste your time. Food is expensive, bland, and dry.
4	Well, it's in the CONTAINER park. So, like every store there, it's on the smaller side of things. I can see seating being a problem during the evenings and colder months, but anytime it's 60+ outside, the outdoor seating is more than adequate. I imagine the size also keeps the menu items at a minimum. Walking in you're hit with that signature smoked bbq scent, which should be sold as a candle scent bc I want to be around it at all times. 'Pork' by Calvin Klein. 'Burnt Ends' by Yankee Candle. Sign me up! The menu isn't large, but covers most of the bases. Pulled pork, chicken, brisket, ribs n hot links with a number of sides. Seeing as they were pulling meat from a freshly smoked pork shoulder as I walked in, I opted for the pulled pork sandwich with a side of slaw and a Fat Tire. Total came to $15. The meal ended up being great! The pulled pork was moist and had a hint of that smokey goodness. The accompanying bbq sawse was good and gets you through any of the larger, drier portions of the meat. I wish there was a spicy version though. There were two bottles sauce to choose from , so maybe there is, but they weren't labeled, so maybe there isn't. Who knows?! The slaw was solid too. Large chunks of cabbage and more of a vinegar base than a mayo drowning, which is always appreciated. While I'm going to eat my way around the park before I head back to try more of the menu, I will be back 100%. Any bbq fan that understands the limits of a restaurant in a container park is sure to be satisfied from the offerings of Big Ern.
1	Trying to do our part to support the local businesses in the Container Park, which today, a saturday, more resembled a chuck e cheese with more strollers than I have ever seen in Vegas. I can't think of a reason to go back there and especially to Big Erns.Just got back from this place, what can i say? Just wow...it was AWFUL.  First off, the service.Good thing you have to tip before you get your food, as the people behind the counter could not put a simple plate together in under 15 minutes. I hoped that it would be worth the painfully long wait but my hopes were quickly dashed.We got two sandwiches and three sides, all of which were less than meh. Chicken sandwich=cold, dry, and undersauced on a cold bun= D-Pulled Pork Sandwich=cold, dry, with a huge chunk of fat= FMacncheese= Cold and cheesy with no flavor whatsoever= D-Beans= Best on the menu and the only thing we came close to finishing=BColeslaw=Fresh and crisp but flavorless=CAll in all, we will never return, and I will seek out better BBQ at Mall Food Courts, and Airports.
3	Finally got a chance to try this Friday after work. By the time I got there (10:30) they were out of all the meats except the pulled pork and hot links, but I like both so I went with the 2-meat combo. The hot links were great, and the pulled pork was tasty. The only bummer was the sides: the baked beans with pulled pork had big chucks of raw onion in them (maybe I'm in the minority here, but I hate raw onion), and the mac n cheese was no bueno. I will say this: the service was excellent, and the sauce is very good. I'm probably going to post a follow-up review once I can try the other meats.
4	It's been forever since I've had excellent BBQ!! On my first experience at Container Park we ate at Big Ern's.They have a very full menu offering all the classic meat and sides. They have brisket, chicken, ribs, pulled pork, and hot links. My husband and I decided to split the 2 meat and 2 side combo and chose brisket and hot links for our meat and the mac & cheese and potato salad for our sides. Let me tell you, I wanted to shove him out of the way and totally not share. It was that good! The brisket was perfectly cooked and so tender. The hot links had just the right amount of kick to them. The spice was flavorful and not overpowering.They also had a perfect blend to their BBQ sauce; not to spicy, not to sweet. Loved it! The sides were ok, but I would try their BBQ beans and maybe the coleslaw next time. The potato salad looked more like mashed potatoes and lacked flavor and the mac & cheese was good just not that great. Don't get me wrong, it wasn't awful by any means, just not fantastic. There is limited seating out front and inside, but if you are willing to walk upstairs there are loads of seating and excellent people watching. I would like to go back to Big Ern's and purchase some of their meat by the pound and bring home some messy, messy ribs! If you're in Container Park make sure you hit up this place!
3	This place is in the Container Park not far from Freemont Street. They have a little bit of seating inside but it was a sunny and warm day so we sat outside. As for the  food, I'm from the South originally so I'll admit I'm picky about BBQ  The brisket was excellent and had a smoky flavor, a little bit of char, and was so tender I was able to cut it with just a fork. While the meat was excellent, the sides are very much hit or miss. They didn't have fried okra which was a bit disappointing. The BBQ beans were excellent with a strong garlic/onion flavor that is unique and enjoyable. The mac and cheese was just okay and while tasty it was VERY oily. Overall, I enjoyed my meal here and would return but remember the meat is the star here and the sides are just okay for the most part.
5	Everything I want in a BBQ joint!  Laid back, casual and the best BBQ I have had in years!  Not sure what all the previous bad reviews are about besides maybe just a new restaurant working the kinks out.  We went tonight, a Sunday night, and the line was out the door.... the smell lured us to the line and kept us in line.  The girl at the counter was friendly and we received our order in less then 10 minutes, hot and freakin DELICIOUS! We did two 2 meat combo plates and one kids plate, came to $32.... the mac-n-cheese and beans for the sides blew us all away....  homemade taste and amazing.  The ribs, SHUT THE FRONT DOOR they were to die for....  juicy falling off the bone lip smackin' good.  I had the pulled pork too and went into some sort of trance of pure foodgasm bliss.Big portions, tasty and most definitely will be back for more! My compliments to the chef!
4	First visit to the Container Park and I was surprised. I didn't even feel like I was downtown (except when I was walking in or leaving) but once inside it was really fantastic. The BBQ was tender and not dry. The sauce was pretty good. The potato salad was a bit bland but all in all a nice BBQ lunch in a pretty cool setting. Think I'll bring the family down one day to try it all again.
1	Food was cold when I got it. Both my husband and I found bone and hard chunks of fat in the hot link, my husband almost broke his tooth. We are true BBQ fans and tried every side and every meat... Mediocre at best. After eating at some of the best BBQ places in the south such as Franklin BBQ and salt lick etc. it ranks 2 stars below famous Dave's which I consider decent but still only mediocre BBQ. Would not return. Will try another restaurant in container park next time.
1	After walking the container park for awhile my wife and I decided the smell and line at Big Erns must be because it was so good.we were wrong! I have to believe the good reviews must be from people that have not been exposed to GOOD BBQ. I ordered the three meat special and my wife ordered the meat salad. The three meat plate was good in size with two sides, Mac and cheese and Cole slaw . My three meats were three pork ribs, pulled pork and brisket, a good sampling of what they had to offer. To start the meat was cold, the brisket was cut with the grain and each piece was very dry. I like to use the sauce to accent the bbq but here I needed it to just swallow. Needless to say this made all the meat very tough. Only positive was there was a good smoke ring in each meat. The sides were awful, the cole slaw lacked any flavor and spice, my wife commented it was like eating cabbage and water. The Mac and cheese was very grainy and lacking any really cheesy goodness, I took a picture to explain the comment. My wife's salad was fair with low quality ingredients, canned black olives, bad lettuce and some shaved carrots and dry meat. Considering the mid to high cost this was a very poor food experience.
1	I literally would not even feed this to a dog if I had one.How does this place have so many positive reviews? Oh, probably because you're all caught up in the Tony-Hseih-has-a-golden-dick bubble and think that, because he endorsed this place, and it's in this stupid-looking outdoor mall, that it is of any reputable quality.Meat is dry as hell, the sauces have no flavor (how is this possible, you ask? don't waste your money finding out), and the prices were way higher than they should be for something I'd rather throw out than give to the meth addicts waiting outside the park. I am very happy to say that a date took me here, so I didn't have to contribute anything to this establishment. I will say, however, that this date didn't know any better, and it wasn't his fault.We also went during the grand opening, when you would think food would be the best. Uhhh... that's really, really sad.
4	The reviews for Big Ern's seem to run (literally) hot and cold. I noted this on my handy dandy Yelp app, but also saw that the reviews for their previous pop-up location nearby were much better so I decided to give them a try. I'm glad I did - this was some pretty darn good BBQ.I went for a three meat combo - I picked brisket, pulled pork, and hot links - which served with 2 sides. I went with Mac-n-Cheese and baked beans for the sides. I saw a lot of complaints about the price, but the $14.99 price tag on this platter is on par with the BBQ places I am familiar with in the DC-area, and the portion size was ample. (See photo)Here's how I would breakdown the meal:Outstanding: The brisket and the hot links. The beef brisket is among the best I have ever had. It was very juicy with the right level of smoke flavor. Not too smoky, not too bland. And the hot links were equally yummy ... a nice hint of heat, but not overpowering, and a great texture and flavor to the link.Good: The sauce, the roll, and the beans. They only have one kind of sauce, and it's a sauce on the sweeter side, but not overly sweet like a KC style sauce. It has a nice balance of sweet and tangy. And the roll was very nice. (Both were much needed for the pulled pork.) The baked beans were good ... they may be canned beans as noted by another review, but they were cooked nicely with a nice blend of green pepper and onion with it. Nothing special, but they were tasty.Meh: The pulled pork and mac-n-cheese. The pulled pork was surprisingly bland. There just wasn't much flavor with it at all. On a positive note, when placed on the bun with their house BBQ sauce, it went down nicely. But good pulled pork should stand alone, and this didn't. The mac-n-cheese reminded me of what my mom used to make. That's not a good thing, because my brother and I disliked it so much that we begged mom for Kraft instead. It's homemade, but it's basically taking block cheese and melting it with macaroni ... the oil from the cheese separates and makes it a bit of a mess.And don't worry, you can get your beer on here too. None of the local craft brews that the other places in Container Park offer, but they stick to the hipster theme of their location, offering Fat Tire and PBR. (Yes, PBR has become THE hipster "common" brew) I hadn't had a PBR in a while, and enjoyed it with my BBQ. With more hits than misses, I'll give Big Ern's a solid 4 stars ... I'd definitely come back again for the brisket and the hot links.
1	I've eaten a lot of bbq to separate the good and the worst and Big Erns is definitely in the bottom of the list. Before i do the cons I'll tell you the pros on my visit. I just enjoyed the Brisket.. Cons...First and foremost, let's review the ribs... they were not moist and very chewy. There was only 4 pcs and I gave up on the 3rd one. A BBQ joint should always have good ribs.Second the pulled pork. That pork was so dry and chewy also; even L&L hawaiian bbq does a better job at it even at late hours!. The sauce is not evenly spread out. A BBQ joint should have a good sauce and yes the sauce was good considering they only had one flavor that's comparable to the ones I buy at albertsons. Next I had the pork and beans...i don't know why the people next to me was saying it's good when it clearly taste like the ones I use to buy at walmart. No special taste there. To be honest I use to buy it as dog food. Also did the Potato salad....that was horrible even my kid pointed out it was bad. I also had him try the cup of water telling him it's refreshing. He's reaction?? x[ like that. lol and last the dinner roll. Smh.. For the price I'd recommend going to Famous Daves. They have a variety of sauces and the quality is always consistent.  I don't know if I went to Big Erns late but 5 pm there was still lots of people so there shouldn't be an excuse to serve it like that. Also people should not always believe on over hyped places. Don't believe it till you try it cause most often it mind f***s u and u start to believe it's good. Believe in your taste buds ;)
2	We researched family friendly places to dine prior to visiting Container Park for the first time. On the container park website, regarding Big Ern's, it says "kids get their own menus and a trip to our grab bag". this sounds great- exactly what my 6 year old digs since she is reading quite well and insists on reading the menu plus, what kid doesn't like toys? Mistakenly, i read this to my 6 year old who became very excited only to find out neither of these things exist at Big Ern's leaving a very disappointed child and a guilty parent I had basically told her something I couldn't deliver.  You may think its not a big deal, but think about why crap places like McDonad's are so popular. If you don't have these things, fine, but Do Not Advertise That you do! The food was pretty good and on the posted board menu did have three kids choices- pork slider, chicken slider, and something else- but the false advertising left a bad taste in my mouth and I'm not sure I will return to Ern's. Boo.
3	Well this place has a lot of potential but sadly doesn't come very close to it. The food looks delicious, the BBQ is tasty, but the bun was kind of soggy, the Mac & Cheese, Baked Beans & Potato salad looked great, but had really no taste, pretty much just bland. With a little effort it could be a lot better! The pulled pork from the sandwich, the beef brisket and the shredded chicken were great with just the BBQ sauce. They have some decent outdoor seating across from the kids play area. BTW: great place for kids!! but don't come after a 5k cause its crazy busy!!
5	I'm not sure why this place is getting so many mixed reviews.  Service was quick, friendly staff, prices are reasonable and the food was all really good.  Big Ern's BBQ fits perfectly in with the whole Container Park atmosphere.  Today was the third time that I've eaten there.  Never had a problem.
3	An update: I emailed the business with my comments. Ernie, the owner emailed me back directly, apologized for the discrepancy and disappointment and said he would have container park's website amended. He explained that it was something they did for their opening and that the website hadn't been revised since that time but he was taking care of it. The fact that the owner took time to address my concern was awesome! That kind of customer service is rare in Vegas and it is very much appreciated.
3	It was time for date night and we both settled on this place.  I've known the owner for years and wanted to support his business.  My date wanted to eat BBQ so it was a win win situation.  Located in the Container Park, this place recently opened and was part of the grand opening in this new outdoor center.  Just like other businesses, this place is located in a reused shipping container.  Inside is super quaint, they use the space well!  The kitchen is stainless steel, colors of red and white trimmings seem to work well!  The menu is displayed on the front wall with wooden panels stacked on a red background.  You literally order your food, grad your utensils and condiments on the other side and have a seat.  There's inside and outside seating.  Inside, you have wooden tables, as well as red, white and blue chairs.  Outside seating makes you feel like your sitting on an outdoor porch.  Literally, you are! LOL.  For dinner, I got the 2 meat comb platter for $11.95.  I chose the Brisket and Chopped Chicken with two sides of cole slaw and BBQ baked beans.  The cole slaw wasn't the best in my opinion.  What seemed like a vinegar based slaw, was actually a watery mayonnaise based slaw.  Too soupy.  The baked beans was the star of the meal!  Super flavorful, sweet, salty with the pork.  It was awesome!  For the meats, the chicken was good.  It didn't have that smoky flavor I was hoping for, but seemed to do well with the BBQ sauce.  The brisket unfortunately was too dry.  You needed the BBQ sauce for it.  I was hoping for more of a marbleized flavor but didn't.  The roll served with my meal almost tasted like cardboard. It was so dry.  I wish they took the time to at least warm it up or toast it.  I'm definitely going to be back.  I support all of our downtown business and certainly wish the best for Ernie and his business. I hope my next trip will change my mind on my overall ratings.  For now, it was just ok.  Good luck to them in their future endeavors!
2	Overall it was 'ok'. I love bbq and this place has a lot of potential.  The meat is a little dry, but has decent flavor and their sauce is quite good.  Portions are pretty large as well.  We tried the Mac & Cheese, Potato Salad, & BBQ Beans, all of which were fairly bland.  Also, their bread for the sandwiches and rolls is very dry.  Being that the restaurant is at the Container Park and you can sit outside with your beer & bbq on a nice day, I really enjoyed the ambiance. If they would improve their food, this place could really be great.  They have the basics, now they just need to spice it up!
1	We will not go back !!  The ribs looked big and meaty but were tough. The Mac n cheese was dry and no flavor  potato salad was the same. The pulled pork sandwich was dry and tasteless. Bun also dry. Fast service but what good is that when it is bad food. Sorry but I tell it like it is and I am not a real picky eater. Going to try the other restaurant there the next time......
2	Tasteless and dry. That goes for the meat and sides. The worst bbq I have had in vegas. The two stars were for the portion size and fast and friendly service
3	Average BBQ - smelled great walking up but the taste was minimal on smokiness. Brisket was cut with the grain and both plates were fatty. Ribs & chicken were good. Tried all the sides... Coleslaw was the best. Beans were bland, and the Mac and cheese needed BBQ sauce for flavor. Hot link was good, and the bun served with meal was pointless filler.... The park had a great feel and transcended even being in Vegas... Pork & beans will get my business next time I'm over there.
4	I just tried this place for the first time and was very pleased. As you walk in you can see everything being freshly prepared. I can only assume the man taking our order was the owner. He was incredibly friendly. The rest of the staff was as well. I ordered the two meat combo with brisket, ribs, mac&cheese, and potato salad that also came with a biscuit. Everything was delicious. The meat was moist and tender. Their barbecue sauce was very flavorful. The sides all tasted like fresh, homemade food. Not like boxed mac&cheese or anything like that. I will definitely be stopping by here next time I want some good barbecue.
1	Stay away from the Brisket sandwich, unless you like chopped fat.  Sandwich was 80% fat. Yuck!
4	I'm kinda surprised by the lower reviews, looking for BBQ? This place is legit. Good food and an even good-er location! The sandwiches are affordable for lunch, and taste great. I haven't had any problem with soggy bread, always seems nice and fresh. Seating is great, not much for indoor seating, but outdoor seating everywhere. Definitely another recommendation for eating great food downtown.
2	Tried 1/2lb brisket asked for fatty and i got lean was dry and more like roast beef, sauce was good and put on the side. Didnt try any sides just the brisket which was disappointing. Claimed to be best bbq in vegas. There is limited seating inside and the patio is small. The location is downtown not best location but inside new container park w security out front. They use a southern pride smoker gas just fyi
3	The staff was friendly, recommending the pulled pork.  The prices are a little on the high side for what you receive but not unreasonable given the area of town and the image of the container park.   The mac and cheese was bland and the potato salad, although mostly potato the way I like it, was also flavorless.  The pulled pork was good and I enjoyed the fact that it was not oversauced and there was extra sauce available but the sauce was tasty but had no wow factor to separate it from other sauces.  The pork itself was very tender.  The star of the plate was the links.  A little kick of spice set them apart from the rest of the food and I wish that was the item I had chosen as my only item.  Will have to try the ribs next time..
3	I had the brisket and hot links. Brisket was a little dry but the seasoning and smokiness was good. Coleslaw wasn't traditional, but it was fresh and probably the best part of the meal. However, the "mac n cheese" is the WORST I've ever had. It's dried up, uncheesy, and flavorless. I can't believe they serve it.
1	While i was checking out the container park the aroma of barbecue immediately caught my attention.  The restaurant has a banner in the front stating ,"2014 Best BBQ in Las Vegas" but that must've been self-proclaimed.The menu is a bit confusing and the choices seem really limited which work for some places but definitely not here.Food:  I got the ribs because lets face it, bbq = ribs.  Plus if you're going to endorse your restaurant as the best bbq in las vegas you better have some great sauce and tender juicy meat to go along with it.... NOPE!  The meat was dried throughout the rib and I was chewing on it like a piece of beef jerky.  The potato salad tasted like the ones you buy from Albertsons but spoiled.  The pork and beans weren't too bad but really that's not going to bring me back here.Overall: This place has the dryest, most flavorless ribs i've ever had... I love barbecue and have had my share of barbecue all around and this is the absolute worst.  Don't let the aroma fool you, do not eat here!
3	I believe all their food is homemade. The Mac & Cheese is delicious! Has 3 different types of cheese in it. Their BBQ beans are yummy too! I got the pulled chicken & unfortunately found it very dried out. At least they have extra sauce to help moisten it up. A dinner roll is served with their meal with 2 sides. Wish they had bigger soda cup options. Lots of seating outside but not inside. It's worth trying them out @ least for their sides!
3	An honest 3 1/2 stars.I really wanted to like Big Ern's BBQ more.  It's good, but only comes out to average for me when compared to other BBQ.  And we all are biased when it comes to BBQ because we all have different tastes.  Some love smoke, some love spice, some love sauce, some love tomato-based, some love mustard-based, and some love vinegar-based.  Hell, some folks even love BOILED ribs!  Just as a note people, boiled meats are NOT BBQ.This was our meal when we visited Downtown Container Park.  It looked interesting because when we where there, this place had the longest line.  Figure the food must be the best around, right?  Well, yes and no.  It is arguably one of the best places to eat within the park.  But for BBQ it's not my favorite.  But still good for what it is.We had the two item combo platter of pulled pork and hot link.  The platter came with a roll, and two sides.  Most popular items leaving the kitchen that day were the mac & cheese, and the baked beans.  We ended up trying those.  We also picked up an extra hot link sandwich to try.Verdict?  As I said before, good but not great.  The pulled pork was a bit on the dry side and was light on flavor, but good on smoke.  The sides were OK - the mac & cheese was yummy but needed a bit more cheese.  The baked beans were decent, not overly sweet and I think there may have been bits of pork in it.The star of the show was the hot link.  These I liked very much!  Spicy, good flavor, and good texture.  They had a great chew when you bit in to one, nice snap.  Delicious on the hot link sandwich.  Their BBQ sauce isn't bad either, tomato-based, it appeals to those who like a sweeter sauce.  Slather this all over your hot link sandwich and it was good eats.Reason why it's down a 1/2 star is the darn pricing.  Whoa, I get it, everything in Downtown Container Park is pricey!  I mean for $12 on a two item combo platter I was expecting a bit more food.  It's good for one person, a bit difficult for two to share.  The sandwiches are $7 each but don't come with a side.  It will cost you $2 more to add that on.  Adding on a soft drink will tack on another $2.  Don't go to Big Ern's BBQ expecting a cheap meal!  But then again don't go to Downtown Container Park and expect anything on the cheap.
1	I would say this place was not worth the wait. Meats were fatty, Mac n cheese was dry and overcooked. Not impressed. The sauce was good. They should make cornbread. Love container park but next time will try something else to eat.
5	Amazing BBQ! The price was excellent for how much food you get. The staff and owner were very nice and helpful. The environment in and around Big Ern's was great for adults and kids. We ate here twice while we were in town.The meat was tender and moist, the beans had great flavor, potato salad was great, and yummy mac'n'cheese.
3	BBQ in a container!Another cool restaurant located in the downtown Las Vegas Container Park. When walking into the Park it is a short stroll off to the right hand side on the main level.I've been here a few times while visiting the container park with family and friends. The ribs, Mac n cheese are my usual but I've been told the brisket isn't so bad. The BBQ here overall is not  to bad, it isn't the best in town, but not bad for the location and general access to hearty meal. They also offer a few beers on tap which is a nice touch to wash down your BBQ. Like all the container park restaurants they use the biodegradable silverware and plates which is a nice touch.Usually I have found a lot of the times coming here, it can be a painfully long line and once you have your meal, the seating area is quite limited in the actual container. Outside seating is is also offered but usually takin up by someone watching the main jungle gym.Overall Service: 3-5Cleanliness: 4-5Food: 3-5Back again: Yup, but because of the container park
1	So unfortunate! Today was my 1st visit to the container park. My husband, 3 boys and I visited in the early afternoon. We chose to eat at Big Ern's BBQ. If it weren't for the HORRIBLE attitude of some of the staff, I wouldn't even be commenting. My husband saw an employee behind the food line DOUBLE DIP HER EATING SPOON IN THE PUBLIC MAC AND CHEESE. After my husband said something they removed the macaroni in question.  The employee that was taking my order even suggested that the trash be checked for  another spoon. That sounded reasonable. There could've been a chance that she was not double dipping into public food.  No second spoon was produced!  We didn't expect to eat for free or anything of that sort. We just wanted to feel like our patronage was important and that this issue would be dealt with swiftly and properly. Their treatment of us that followed is what affected my rating of them. A few employees stood behind the food line stealing glances at our family and shaking their heads. My husband doesnt like confrontation so for him to say something, the incident had to be really bad. A Big Ern BBQ employee that hadn't been present for the incident asked if everything was ok. My husband walked over and told him exactly what happened; That he watched an employee dip a plastic spoon into the macaroni and cheese that was being served to the public, ate off of that spoon and instead of throwing that spoon away and getting another plastic spoon she dug the SAME spoon that was just IN HER MOUTH, into the macaroni and cheese and took another bite. The lady that was running the cash register walked over to my husband and started yelling at him that the situation was over. That they took the food off of the line and that was that. The employee that did the double dipping said my husband was lying. Never have we felt so disrespected and unappreciated! It really is a shame. The  macaroni and cheese was delicious. It rivaled my mom's homemade macaroni. To bad all of that was overshadowed by the  blatant disregard for proper customer service and disgusting food service standards.
4	Located Downtown inside the Container Park. I've been here twice now and both times were fairly pleasant. The first time I visited Big Ern's was on Valentine's Day. A group of my friends and I hit the downtown scene that day and Big Ern's was our pre-game stop and our dinner for the night. We got there at around 7-8pm and it was pretty busy. We were a group of 6 and sat outside along the playground. I ordered a combo platter: Brisket, mac n cheese, and potato salad with a PBR. The prices are very reasonable. The service was fast and the staff members were humble. The brisket was tender, sides were tasty too. If you're going downtown this is one of the restaurants I would suggest you to eat at.
5	Love the bbq here. The brisket is my favorite. The Mac n cheese is homemade not from a box. I've tried various, meats here and all the meat is soft and tender. So yummy. You can sit inside or outside. The staff is friendly. The only thing I would change is to level out the wobbly tables. But that doesn't really have anything to do with the awesome food, it would just make the experience better.
4	Was my partner's and I's first time at the Container Park and found this BBQ spot.  We were very pleased with the food.  Had the Brisket and BBQ ribs dinners, BBQ sauce is wonderful, beans were great, tho the mac & cheese and potato salad were a bit dry, but tasty.  We definitely will be back and tell people about it.
4	I had the chicken sandwich and Mac and cheese. My mom and daughter had the beef brisket and said it was good. I don't eat beef or pork so when I get taken to BBQ places I tend to eat a lot of dry chicken. Ern's chicken sandwich was tasty and moist. The sweet tea was refreshing and not too sweet but sweet enough. The staff was friendly and helpful.
4	So completely wonderful! , the smells drew us in... the taste will being us back!! I love  good pig and being able to add my own amount of sauce was a  wonderful idea! Just wish you had more beer choices. That's why four stars. Other than that a five star experience. Thank you so much!
4	I never realized that I couldn't get a BBQ pull pork sandwich in the downtown area until I did. After leaving a music festival in the area I came across a giant praying mantis shooting out flames. It was the container park, so we took a stroll inside. The park it's self is kind of cool. They do all types of events. Feeling a little hungry came across a few eateries inside the park.   For some reason BBQ sounded good so in I went to Big Ern's. Kept it simple and got a pull pork sandwich & potato salad. Nothing wrong with the food, or service. People were cool and the food was good. Enjoyed the BBQ sauce. Nothing super special at the same time it was flavorful, with a hint of smokey flavor. Potato salad is a simple homemade style. Enjoyed it all, it was a good refuel to continue the night in downtown Vegas. Definitely a place to check out.
5	wow! this place rocks! i went there with a friend after a motorcycle ride, so it was a bit late. 10:00pm or so. we both got hotlinks, and i got a side of brisket as well. this is the best BBQ i have had in vegas hands down. i will be back!
4	It seems as though this is the most popular spot to eat at Container Park. There is usually a line of at least 3 to 4 people and can go long enough to be out the door. I ordered brisket with slaw and beans. The menu is very minimal, but that's fine with me because more is less right? My sides were okay, but unfortunately not good enough for me to order the same sides again the next time I come. My brisket was good, but a little dry and needed more flavor. So I definitely added more sauce to it. I think the food deserves 3 stars but the ambiance and service constitutes the overall 4 star rating. Although the inside seating area is rather small, I still like the country vibe of the place.  The price is also pretty reasonable and eating a meal at Container Park seems like the thing to do when you're there. I will definitely give them another shot, since the other meat options on the menu sound/look good.
5	OMG! BATMAN! This place rocks! The ribs are outrageously amazing! I don't care for the sides, but crazy thing is who eats BBQ for the side dishes? It's about the meat people!Place is tiny, hello it's in a container.. It was super clean, the staff is friendly and knowledgeable. This is a great place to bring friends and hang out and people watch. The beer was yummy as well. So get in here what are you waiting for?
3	The ribs at Big Ern's got it 3 stars. The roll that comes with it, the sides, the chicken and pulled pork took away 2. to sum it up= those are some good ribs.
4	Brisket, ribs, and pulled pork are 5 star.  Pork and Beans and Mac n cheese are 3.5 star.  The girls taking orders are 5 stars (recommended what to order based on our kids relative to the amount of food and selection.  They are also very friendly and welcoming.
1	The tall blonde is rude and is very unprofessional. The help is unorganized many people were complaining. The sweet tea tastes like dishwater. Won't be back... don't waste your money.
3	I tried this because it was voted 'Best BBQ in Las Vegas'. I think the voters must have been paid. This was not the best bbq... I would say Famous Daves and Memphis (heck even Dickeys) would get my vote over this place. The servings were small, the food was dry, the flavor was not of high quality, and the gentleman who I am guessing is the owner just sat at a booth counting his money (literally) and ordered his employees around. He was very nice and gave my son a little toy but that doesn't change my views of the food.
3	Let me say this first I only got to try 1/2 lb of brisket at Big Ern's today but I am looking foward to my next stop in here. I would have ordered more but this was my second BBQ stop in an hour and was not expecting to cross paths with the place. I ordered 1/2 lb of brisket I did ask for it to be .25 moist and .25 lean. I didn't get that but what I did get was the best brisket I have had in Vegas. I seemed to only get the brisket from the moist cut. No lean was to be found on my plate. As well the 1st plate came out with sauce. Yikes such a no no. They replaced it and we go from there. The 1st taste was really good. I have had better else where but not in Vegas. I will say am not sure they are trimming the briskets correctly though. Even though the taste is there and the smoke ring. It was lacking a great bark and it had a lot of fat the should have been trimmed. With my knowlegde of brisket I am pretty sure this was not trimmed down enough. Either that or the smoker they are using is not rendering down the fat enough. I will be back and look foward to trying more things at Big Ern's. Maybe even bump this up to a 4 on a rereview.Didn't want to do complete update. It is staying a 3 lack of bark and to much fat. Best brisket in Vegas but that is not hard to do. For the ribs they are really good prob the best I have had in Vegas as well. The side, well just stay away from them. The mac is dry and lacks everything and the bbq beans well just wasn't a fan. Just make sure to order without sauce or they will cover it.
4	Not the best BBQ I've ever had but coming from the south, this was still pretty good. Small space and short staffed but good food and good prices. Fun outdoor seating for people watching. Split a three meat combo with family and it was a lot of food. Good texture, nice sauces. I'll be back for ribs next time!
4	Bring your appetite!  They have good size portions and a good selection.  Nothing to fancy but that's what you need at a BBQ joint.  Their pulled pork and beans are great!
1	Ate there last night and found a hair cooked into my bland pulled pork sandwich. When I told the staff, they said the owner would have to talk to me before I could get a refund. Also, they told us they were out of Mac n' cheese and they proceeded to serve it to people right behind us. Not sure why homeboy wouldn't just give me Mac n' cheese...
4	You can always trust a place that has PBR on tap and Big Ern's is no exception to the rule & at 2.95 for a 16 oz cup (i think) it's yet again a pleasure to see. I enjoy all of the sandwiches they have to offer. I like the pulled pork the most with the chicken and brisket tying for second. I really like the spicy BBQ sauce they offer on the side. The mac & cheese was not that home style 4 cheese slow baked I was hoping for. Instead it tasted like your run of the mill mac-n-cheese, which made my stomach sad.Don't forget the free refills on lemonade, cha ching! That's a plus, especially if you plan on hanging at Container Park for a bit. If yiu plan on playing the light game where you run around like maniacs then be sure to grab yourself one of these. Don't waste your time asking about free refills on the PBR, it's apparently not up for negotiation lolThe kids menu is also a good bang for your buck weighing in at $5.95 for a decent sized slider w/ a side.
1	What on earth happened to this place? I loved it on my first 2 visits.3rd visit: pulled pork was awful. The manager wanted to give me something else, and I said no thanks.4th visit: pulled pork was awful, and about 1/3 of it was skin and fat. The rest was mushy. Mac & Cheese was old, dry and overcooked. Brisket was boring; this is usually my favorite besides the ribs. Ribs were dry.There won't be a 5th visit. Very disappointing for a restaurant that's been voted Best BBQ in Vegas.
3	Where's the BEEF??? At Big ern's thats where! I had the brisket sandwich with side of mac and cheese for about $11 bucks. The pricing was a bit more than I like to pay for, but I understand... its how it is downtown for a reason. But enough about the cost.Mac and cheese- I heard was good, but the one I had was not that tasty. Brisket- flavorful and a good portion by the wayWhen I tried the brisket with some of there sauce it gave it that extra kick that I like when eating bbq. I feel though that I could have had a better side. I left feeling like I missed out on a good side, but at least im willing to say this place may get a second visit from me.
3	Let's be fair a BBQ in Vegas in a mall. All things considered it was good. I had the 2 meet dinner chicken and brisket. The chicken was okay but the brisket was very good.  They put some sauce on which I would prefer they not do. I like to add my own.  One last thing they stay open but at 9pm kids have to leave
4	What a find.  My buddy and I literally stumbled upon this place after checking out Freemont Street.  The Container Park caught our attention and we noticed Big Ern's when we checked out what was inside the Container Park.  I'm here to tell you this is some very good barbecue.  The pulled pork and beef brisket I had were both excellent, and the portions were generous for the price.  For sides, I got the barbecue beans the cole slaw, which were both excellent.  We were eating late (10:00 p.m.) on a Sunday night, which made eating out the tables very pleasant.  It even rained briefly, which cooled things down a bit even more.  I love a light rain in the desert in the summer.  I found the prices to be very reasonable given he quality of the food and portion sizes. My only gripe is they locked the doors at 10:45 (15 minutes before closing), which meant I could not get a second beer, and my buddy could not get some more barbecue sauce.  We saw a small group of would be customers get turned away, also. If you say you close at 11:00, stay open till 11:00.  Bottom line.  I've had good barbecue in Memphis.  This place is legit.  If you were to add collard greens and white bread and perhaps some fried pickles to the mix. . . .
2	We ordered pulled chicken, brisket, baked beans, coleslaw, and mac & cheese.  All of food was pretty bland and the brisket was dry.
4	Excellent food at a reasonable price. The hot links had a nice kick. Friendly staff would come back next time in town.
2	portions are good-food very very bland-be sure to get lots of extra bbq sauce and you will be in heaven-as for the coleslaw and potatoe salad...needs lots of something more-the beans are delicious once some bbq or hot sauce is added - everything is just missing something
3	I don't like to give places negative reviews, but we were really dissatisfied with the ribs, brisket and pulled pork. My son is a major carnivore and I was surprised to see him stop eating and call it "bland". The staff is very nice -- but the food really isn't even average. I had high expectations because of their location, but the food just didn't measure up. It's sad to say, but the hot dog place just around the corner was much better when we ate there the day before. They clearly aren't phoning it in, that's why I was so surprised when the food wasn't any better than Arby's. How is that possible?
4	Very good.  Unlike most BBQs around town, big Erns was very good and moist.  Met Big Ern and his wife. Great people and great hospitality. Will go again.  Thanks man!
4	I have a favorite BBQ place in town, so Big Ern's can't have my whole heart. However, they are right around the corner from me and it's cozy inside, the staff was so friendly they won me over immediately. I can be a shy solo diner so I really appreciate friendliness. My hot links were really tasty and I liked the brisket... have to remember to ask for no sauce, next time... I'm not much of a saucy girl. I really liked the coleslaw, too, it had a celery salt thing going on that I very much appreciated. But an extra star just for making me very comfortable. Great job guys, I'll be back plenty.
2	Came here on Sunday around 8pm, ordered a pulled pork sandwich, my sandwich came out less than a few mins, so that made me think this could be a bad sandwich. And I was right. I didn't like their buns were cold and the meat was too dry, not enough sauce, I had to add some myself after a few bites. Later the worker told me that they don't have a toaster to warm the buns but if I want the buns warm next time, I could ask them to put them on the warmer for me. I probably won't try their pulled pork again, maybe their brisket next time.
5	The briskets in the place was absolutely perfect! It was my first time in Big Erm's BBQ and boy id say I die and went to heaven. Briskets were moist and delicious with a hit of BBQ sauce. The big potato was very good along as a side. I'll definitely come back a few more times.
5	Was on the project downtown tour - heard the story - and passing out from heat - ate pulled pork and yummy in the tummy!!! Great friendly team too :)
3	After our Zappos tour, we headed over to the Downtown Container Park as it's part of Zappos CEO, Tony Hsieh's new $350M downtown Las Vegas initiative.  Big Ern was one of Zappos' employees who decided to follow his dream and have his own BBQ place.  I do agree with fellow Yelpers that the menu is not that order friendly initially but what I ordered was pretty good.  Obviously, I stayed away from the pulled pork after reading all the not-so-wonderful reviews on that item. I ordered the brisket salad and it was very flavorful and tasty.  The workers were nice and courteous as well.  I guess I just felt that the overall value and experience was not as good as the ones I had experienced in Texas. If you do visit the Downtown Container Park and crave BBQ, I would go with the brisket as it's quite tender and tasty. I also ordered the rib tips and they were ok, but not something I would order again. Wish I could give this place higher ratings, but I must stay true to my reviews.
4	First time in the Container Park and we stumbled across this place, great little find. The Brisket sandwich is easily the best thing on the menu.
4	YUM! My coworkers and I go here for lunch often and it never disappoints. I always get the meat salad with chicken. The salad is super fresh and delicious. The only thing missing on the menu is french fries!
5	The Brisket sandwich was really good. Located at Container Park, a casual setting, a nice find.
4	Amazing pulled pork sandwich with spicy BBQ sauce. Yummers! Enjoying every bite. Container park on the weekend is for sure still a good time!
4	I work downtown and look for places where I can get a decent quick meal at under ten bucks.  There are many options in the area and in the Container Park.   I have tried them all and I know I can always depend on Big Erns.  I saw some bad reviews and just wanted to add a few things.I am from Texas, so this is not the best BBQ I have ever had, but it is darn good and consistent for the price.  I like the pulled pork and have never had issue with the buns in the ten or so times I have eaten the pulled pork sandwich.   I like that they give me the choice of putting on as much or as little of either mild or spicy barbecue sauce.  I like that the drink prices are low and you don't see that "concession stand" attitude to pricing that some downtown establishments have.The service has much improved and I like that Big Ern is often right there talking and meeting customers.   I am a regular here and will continue to be.  Good barbecue at a good price.  To be balanced, I like the beans but do find the potato salad bland, though it looks fantastic.   Still room for some improvement,  but a solid place that can be counted on!
2	I have been here the last 2 times I've been to Vegas and I went back this last time because the BBQ was good the first time j visited but this time something happened in the 5 months from the first visit. The roll that comes with the combo was sooooo dry that it was not edible. My husband literally spit it out. The ribs were tough nothing about falling off the bone here it's more like hold on to the meat with your teeth and pull hard just to get it off. The only good thing is the hot links because the brisket is chewy too. In other words if you want good BBQ don't come here.
4	Brisket and pulled pork was good. Great customer service. Cute BBQ spot. We will be back.
4	Went early on a saturday morning. Staff was nice, Owner was a very nice laid back guy. Food was good and flavorful. Plus it doesn't hurt having PBR on tap.
5	Not sure why anybody would give this place less than five star. The food is fabulous service is outstanding and it's a unique spot.
3	This place was pretty good. I'm not a huge bbq fan, but we had guests in town and decided to try it. Everyone really liked it , and their sweet tea was really good! My kids even ate their food. We love the container park, and it's nice that they have good places to eat there!
5	I had friends in from town and I took them to the Container Park as part of the downtown experience.  We purchases a rack of ribs from Big Erns and they were awesome!  The service was friendly and quick and Marian M. was very accommodating with all of her suggestions.  I recommend Big Erns to the world.  The full rack was $25.00 and it fed four people nicely, we were just a little hungry and they were perfect.  The tables outside the joint were nice and clean as well.  Thanks Big Erns!
5	I come here once a week for the brisket sandwich and coleslaw.The best BBQ I've been able to find in town. Everyone is super nice and answers all my questions.. And trust me, I ask ALOT! I've also tried the ribs, pulled pork sandwich and hot links. Everything is always so juicy and flavorful. I always leave happy and full. Recently I tried the banana pudding. I definitely was happy with that choice lol! I don't understand how this place could have anything but 5 stars, some people just aren't fortunate enough to know good BBQ!
2	Smells great around this Container Park eatery, but the food is a much different story. Since neither a baked potato or mashed potatoes were included with their combos,  I chose the pork ribs combo platter with coleslaw and a green salad, while my love chose brisket with BBQ pork & beans and a green salad. Not normally a brisket lover, this brisket converted me; which made much more sense after trying to eat one of the pork ribs, because it tasted like beef jerky on a stick. The ribs were so undercooked that the grizzle was perfectly intact and not only looked, but chewed like gum. I realized that the reason their brisket tasted so delicious, was actually because it hadn't been cooked as long as normal, not even quite sure they know of this accidental perfection. I just wished they accidentally left their ribs on the barbie instead. The best part about the place was the option to pour my own BBQ sauce on the side. Trying to overlook the ribs I moved onto the coleslaw. It was seasoned lightly, served in a soupy consistency, but not half bad. I think they may have forgot to salt the cabbage, because the water kept coming, no matter how many times I drained it. I couldn't say much for the green salad, because it was more like a dead, wilted, slimey salad. They tried to hide limp black lettuce, along with rusted romain ends, under fresh green pieces; very shady if you ask me. I should have taken the counter girls bad customer service as a big hint to run to the next place fast, but it smelled so good I gave them the benefit of the doubt. I would buy a few sides of the BBQ baked beans to go from Big Ern's, because they were out of this world, loaded with shredded meat and could have easily been my meal; but never ever would I order the ribs or green salad from this place again. With so many awesome eateries and choices in Las Vegas, I say try another one. The place is small, and on any given day 2 of the 5 inside tables are taken by management.
1	I don't understand how you come across town to eat at a BBQ restaurant and they have a sign up that they are out of predominately all their meat. FAIL!
3	They almost deserve 4 stars. I wish I could do a 3.75 stars on here. I had them for the 1st time tonight. I ordered a 2 meat combo w/links and brisket to share with my woman. We both wanted beans since they didn't have mac & cheese. The brisket was very good!! Good crust. Tender. Smoked well. Could taste the smoke thru the BBQ sauce. The links were good too. Good snap on the skin. A nice lil spice to um. The baked beans were awesome!! Loved the pulled pork in the beans. And they weren't too sweet.But I expected more food. I would've gave um at least 4 stars, but I expected a little more food for $12. The cashier seen me & my chic were going to share a combo and she didn't even try to upsell us to a 3 meat combo. And I still wish I had more meat as I'm posting this review.Overall, Big Ern's is a little more meat away from being my 2nd favorite BBQ spot in Vegas. But the food was exceptionally good!
4	Combo plate. Hot links and bbq beans fantastic .. brisket just a little dry but it was later in the evening.  I'm coming back for lunch and giving this place another go;)
2	I could've made the chicken nothing BBQ about it except some sauce. Brisket was dry and borderline old. Coleslaw was OK. Beans are Ok. Don't ever need to eat here again. I love the stores in container park but what about some real good eats??
3	Smells better than it tastes! Not bad, sauce is good not great! Cole slaw not so good! Very bland! Beans...husband likes, me not so much! Would I come back....MAYBE!
1	If you want to know how big of a check it takes to win a Best of Las Vegas award, ask Big Ern. This BBQ is bad- what a disappointment. Rib tips are globs of fat, hot links are basic grocery store meat microwaved, brisket was bland, rolls were stale. Beer was the only thing good, stick with that. Staff was unfriendly.
1	Well what an experience this was.... Try attending the WINTER WONDERLAND to let my daughter experience something joy full to do for the holidays and it was closed(see review on that). Walked in my partner and child(4 years old) ordered a pulled pork sandwich with a 2 item (bris & ribs) VERY DRY CHUCKS & Ribs were all fat.My pork sandwich was very dry went to add more bbq sauce to only LMAO that it wasn't even and homemade recipe( FYI meal was 23 bucks) should be able to get something more from the heart. The 2 meat combo that my partner order came with 2 sides got bbq beans and salad( NOT MUCH CHOICES FOR SIDES) in the meantime we both look at each other saying why did we send 20 on a fast food bbq that was so horrible. So my child took a bite of the salad then decide she didn't want it....So I started to eat the salad to bite into a twisty tie (like the ones that come on bread bags). I almost lost it. Stayed calm because my 1st thought was what if my 4 year old got it so I immediately stop eating we excuse are selves and my partner goes to the cashier and demands the money back. She did and offered my partner a beer but I will never never ever eat there again. Last statement I noticed there was a award FOR BEST LAS VEGAS BBQ something for this year. Wow judges not sure what you do to let these business win because they do not deserve an award...
4	Just cuz i love bbq pork so much. I would definitely recommend this place to eat late night with the friends. I would love to try some other items from the menu
3	Meh. Got a brisket sandwich that was dry, had a stale bun and very little flavor. Sauce is available to put on yourself, but why not just ask the customer and do it for them? It wasn't horrible, just nothing special. There are plenty of other bbq joints that are spectacular in Las Vegas, just none downtown that I know of.
3	It was ok for tourist-quality BBQ. Staff was friendly and service was quick. I was here on a Sunday night, so maybe not as much attention was put into cooking as during other times. Got the three meat combo - brisket, ribs and hot links. Nothing particularly stood out about the flavors but it was a lot of food.
5	Great food,  Ern greeted us at the door and made recommendations.  All smiles and nice employees the beans were sick good too.
5	Big Ern greeted us in person and gave us a tour of the menu. We ordered 3 kids meals and a 2 meat plate. Kids finished their food which is hard to do for our kids because they are super picky. I got the chicken and links with a side of BBQ beans and green salad. Meat was tasty and the BBQ beans were super good. We ate inside and when all finished Big Ern pulled out a bucket of toys and gave all the kids a toy. We love supporting MA an PA shops since we own one as well. Keep up the great work Ern!
3	Average BBQ spot located inside Downtown Container Park. Been here twice.Brisket is flavorful and not loaded up with salt or sauces like some of the other spots around town.The hot links were a little dried up but the chicken and pulled pork was pretty good.No complaints on the beans or coleslaw, but the only "potatular" items available were bagged chips. Be prepared to spend a little more money as this place is not cheap.Overall service was excellent.
2	Went here today for the first time with friends. The lady taking our order was EXTREMELY rude to us! She should not be working in the front! We were all so shocked by the way we were treated, it was hard to enjoy our lunch. Pulled pork sandwich was good, but will not be going back because of the horrible attitude this lady had.
