4	I've met the weirdest and coolest people at DJs on Southern.  I go there for their humidor and the great selection of cigars.  I also bought a kick-butt lighter at DJs (a Xicar) and they always have my standard Honduran cigar in stock.DJs has good prices (except on wine and beer) and I'll let my 27 year old introduce me to the land of hookahs now that medical marijuana has arrived in Arizona.Anyway, go grab a good Honduran cigar at DJs.  The staff is great and the shop is funky.
1	Terrible customer service, they close 10 mins early as customers are getting out and turn them away, spend your money anywhere else.
2	They have a pretty good selection of cigars, but they are pricey.  There are better prices at almost any other smoke shop in the area.
3	This place is a smoke shop and also has a very decent beer/wine section as well. I did not really check out the selection of pipes and all of that on this trip but they do have a lot of cases to browse through. Good place to stop to grab a few of your not so typical brews found at the grocery store and when you don't want to travel all the way to Bevmo or other big beverage stores
2	wow the customer service is super lacking over here.  I went in last night with a friend of mine to pick up some beer and cigarettes, assuming this is a smoke shop i would buy my cigarettes at a discounted price, but no they were actually more expensive then the near by gas station, oh and the beer? thats why they got two stars instead of one, their selection of cider beer was pretty good...but i also payed 10 bucks for a six pack when i could have bought it for 6 or 7 at another liquor store, now i understand this is a smoke shop and not a liquor store, but stilllllll! NOW on to the lovely service i received...haha NOT! Now if you think being a red lipstick wearing scenester is cool, then thats one thing, but if you think it cool to have the attitude to go along with it, while working in customer service is another.  Not only where they super rude to me, i felt like i was being started and and judged the whole time, knowing when i left that my friend and i would be the topic of their gossip for 5 minutes, i will never ever go back to this DJ'S and i will let all my friend know to go elsewhere for all the alcohol and tobacco needs...
