4	Have been going here for over five years. Even when I moved across town I still went to this place. They have helped me with countless hems, removal of wine and/or food stains from necessary coats and pants, taken in a few dresses (omg yay), and have reinforced a few of my most beloved heels and boots. There are always more than 3 attendants present (husband and wife plus other family member) to inspect the garments and jot down what needs to be done. The turnaround time is always within reason (the longest I've ever waited is 6 days and that's only because the wife was sick). The prices are comparable to most cleaners in the area. I'm not giving this place 5 stars because their location is kind of meh to me - next to an always ridiculously busy BoA that has multiple security personnel on any given day and the parking lot has more than a few seriously deep potholes. Also, there's a barber shop 2 stores down that likes to blast their music - so much so that sometimes the bass can be felt at my quiet little dry cleaners.
5	Fast, Friendly, Fantastic Quality! (These F's mean good things! ha)Swan is under new management/ownership as the previous owners retired. Has anything changed? I actually think they are even better than before!They not only do dry cleaning, but shoe repair. And I've found quite a few deals out front from folks who neglected their dry cleaning (they DO stick to the 30 day rule-so don't forget your stuff or someone like me will snatch it up!).Love them, wouldn't use anyone else!They also do PHENOMENAL shoe repair. Ladies-don't click clack your heels into the trash-get them re-heeled, reinforced, and polished for under $15!!
5	They also do PHENOMENAL shoe repair. Ladies-don't click clack your heels into the trash-get them re-heeled, reinforced, and polished for under $15!!
5	This dry cleaner is convenient to my workplace and has a very friendly staff.  I never have issues with any of my dry cleaning here which is rare among cleaners these days.  With nice clothing the last thing I want is missing buttons that are hard to find matches for!
5	Swan cleaners goes above and beyond.  I had dropped off my husbands suit and got the pick up time wrong, since I needed it ASAP they got right on it and had me out of there in no time at all.  Excellent friendly staff.
