5	Go go go!! Awesome. Easily the best I've been to! Never thought I'd be reviewing a nail salon however they are outstanding! :) went with my girlfriend and her grandma and all the customers where talking about how wonderful it is here!!!
5	This place is AWESOME!!! My first time I ever had a peddi. They made me feel right at home and treated me lik a king. The service was top notch. She painted a perfect Texas Longhorn on my big toe too. I have no idea why I haven't done this sooner.
2	Ehhh... Gel nails chipped so much so fast. What a waste of money.  Everyone speaks good english so that i like alot. Service isnt bad just the chipping.. Its redicilious even with  2 coats it still chipped so i sadly wont be back
5	I'm visiting from California and found this awesome nail salon here in surprise and decided to check it out . I've always have had a bad experience with any nail salon I've been to .. She took her time to give me an experience of a lifetime . She had great customer service skills and all the staff was nice . Check this place out you won't be disappointed !
5	My mom and I went here for pedicures to celebrate her birthday. We were warmly welcomed when we walked in the door and we were glad to have made appointments due to the nine pedi chairs being full.  Our technicians were friendly and handked our feet with great care! The tubs had liners and the polish application was perfect! We will definitely go back!
4	This is by far the best nail salon I've been to since being in AZ. The staff is nice and friendly and the best part is that they all speak English very well. This is the only nail place where I haven't felt like the tech was talking s**t about my nails to another tech. The prices are very reasonable! Just make sure you make an appointment, there is one guy there that always seems like he's in a rush and doesn't do nails that well. He did my toes, messed one up by cutting too deep and then didn't even ask if I wanted a design.
5	This is by far the best nail salon in surprise. Everyone speaks English. They make you feel at home. Everyone is really good and giving you the design you want on your nails. I would recommend this salon to everyone!
5	By far one of the best I have been to in the area. I'm still pretty new to the Phoenix area and I am really picky about my nails. So I decided to go to a nail place close to my house and with the highest reviews and I see why. This place is AMAZING!! The staff is extremely nice, the place is very clean, and the prices are reasonable. I will definitely be back here again to get my nails done.
5	I visited Surprise nails for the first time.  The salon is very clean and the staff is very friendly.  I wanted to get a full set of acrylic nails. I've never had them before and had a lot of questions! The ladies were very patient with me and explained everything to me. Denise did my full set with precision and great skill!  She did them exactly the way I wanted and they look awesome!  I will definitely be back.
