4	This place is a winner in the Chelsea Premium Outlets in Downtown Vegas.  My girl got a Stella McCartney top for $18, that is like a 90% markdown...and it isn't ugly!  They are practically giving the shit away here.  I got some soccer stuff that were samples on the real cheap, you can't beat that.  My rule of thumb, shop in the hood for hood prices!
5	I adore Adidas.  Not quite sure why, but it's alwayz been one of my favorite athletic stores.  I found $36 running shoes here!  Although I did spend over $100 overall, I was so really happy with all my purchases.  And an employee Jasmine who helped me was incredibly nice and so helpful!  She made my shopping experience 5 starred!
4	Got some caps that saved our faces in Utah, but go here for good show and local advice! Very friendly crew. Wished we would have done that sooner...
4	Came here to shop for a pair of shoes for my son.  We didn't find anything that he liked but the customer service here was excellent.  When we walked into the store, we were welcomed by a cashier who had a huge line of people.  Then while we were browsing the aisles there were several salespersons who approached us and asked us if we needed assistance.Overall, it was a nice shopping experience.Will I return?  Absolutely....maybe next time we'll find something we like.
4	It's my favorite workout brand- period. I actually got the majority (90%) of my Adidas workout clothes from here- t-shirts, capri workout pants, shorts, jackets, and shoes in so many different colors (it's what makes going to the gym fun, right?) plus gifts for my husband here (yup, his favorite too), over the years. In fact, I got my most comfortable shoes here; my go-to/all-day trip (to Disneyland) shoes (similar to Nike Shox) in green, grey, and white. Lately we haven't shopped here much but it's still nice to browse. 'Cause you never know when a good sale pops us. Usually has a BOGO sale- 2nd item for 50% off. Also, participates in extra passport savings (AAA members get this free booklet at the customer service desk). Good store overall for the Adidas fan.
1	This is not an outlet store. I mean yeah, they do have a few pairs of cheap shoes but for an outlet store, the prices are not cheap. We went to find an old school addidas jacket for my BF.  The jacket was marked for 39.99. Then we were told that the price was marked incorrectly and the actual price was $75. The original addias price tag was still on the jacket and was marked $59.99. I mean excuse me if I'm wrong but aren't outlets supposed to mark down prices not up? We were told we would be given a deal and they could discount it to $65. Screw that! So not an outlet....and the shoes are ugly
1	I found a pair of predator soccer shoes on te sale wall for 29.99 that had no ticket and and was labeled with a sale tag. The wall advertisement said to take an additional 50% off the lowest price. As I go to pay the cashier tells me that the shoes are actually 64.99.  Now I work retail and would understand if the prices were similar in range I would have said ok fine I'll take it. But to have the store staff make such a blatant labeling mistake and let the consumer take responsibility for it by being misled?! That's a clear sign of poor management. Needless to say, we went to the Nike store. The service is always decent and I have yet to worry about mislabeled merchandise. The bottom line? Don't shop here. You're better off going to another addidas or nike.
1	Store puts labels incorrectly and do not stand by the label price.
2	I shop here because I am slightly masochistic by nature.Everything -- or nearly everything -- is mispriced. (How is that even possible?) And, it will always be to the benefit of Adidas, naturally. I think more than half the shit I have purchased here has been "mispriced," although I have my doubts that it is actual, sincerely honest, price-label mistakes.  Everything -- or nearly everything -- is strewn everywhere, as if a category four hurricane hit the interior of this structure on the morning of one's patronage. Everything -- or nearly everything -- points to masochism as the primary reason to visit this location at the Premium Outlets North.Don't. You're welcome.Postscript. But if you do, the golf shorts are pretty comfortable, and durable. Good luck on the price roulette though: 24.99$? 29.95$? 29.99$? 39.99$? Who knows.
