5	I've had Schwartz's (tasty burnt ends, but overhyped) and Dunn's (good overall) on my previous visits to Montreal, and on this visit I planned to try The Main's offering, but while I was out walking/exploring the Petite Italie / Petite Patrie neighborhoods, a friendly local and I struck up a conversation and he strongly recommended the nearby Le Roi du Smoked Meat, so with lunchtime at hand I decided to give it a try. No line-up to get in (in contrast to Schwartz's), a full menu of good-looking food in addition to the signature meat, and it did not disappoint. I ordered it Medium as I tend to do upon first sampling of any Montreal smoked meat, and while it didn't have as many of those yummy "burnt ends" that Schwartz's usually provides, I found it overall to be a superior product. Sliced thick and properly, it was tasty and flavorful, and of course plentiful. My new local friend also strongly recommended their Smoked Meat Pizza...and for sure on my next visit I will have to return and try that.Take a trip off the beaten tourist path to this interesting neighborhood (Beaubien station on the Orange line) and discover this hidden gem, and then walk off your meal along Rue St. Hubert, a shopping strip where it extends for blocks and blocks and blocks covered by glass awnings. And/or: Visit Marche Jean-Talon, the huge outdoor/covered market, which is nearby.
5	Most people will have you believe that the only smoked meat worth having in Montreal is from Schwartz's Deli, however in my neighborhood most people will gladly tell you that Le Roi Du Smoked Meat is as good if not better than Schwartz's. There is no line out the door, the service staff is not hurried and pressured because of a hungry mob outside smacking their chops and elbowing their way in and best of all the food is excellent. Although I always take our order to go, I rather like the classic 50's diner setting of the restaurant. I took my mother here and she offered to babysit two nights later solely in exchange for another Le Roi Du Smoked Meat sandwich. As she put it, she couldn't stop thinking about her first fabulous Le Roi Du Smoked Meat sandwich.
3	Short review:  Smoked meat good.  Poutine bad.Longer:   Service was swift and as expected in a diner.   The smoked meat sandwich was rich and juicy and wonderful.  The poutine was boring.   Bland gravy and fries that obviously came from the freezer.Stop in for a sandwich.  Get your poutine somewhere else.
3	i had the Poutine with smoked meat on top - was ok... I was cold and hungry so it filled the spot at the time, but definitely have had better poutine!  I kind of expected the meat to be dispersed through the gravy sauce - but it ended up to be the poutine/gravy/cheese on the bottom with a whole lot of chopped meat on top. Tasty, but could've done with better presentation. I think all up was around $10... Canadian food always seems more expensive! They're more famous for their smoked meat sandwiches- but I ran out of time to go back and try! Friendly service - there was no line and maybe an avenue from the Jean Talon station - so worth trying if you can't be bothered going to Schwartz's. But maybe not as much of an "atmosphere".
3	As long as you lower expectations, things should be fine.Old school diner with a varied menu, generous portions and pretty good prices.They used to stay open very late, but now it's until 2AM (I think)Hits: Chicken Souvlaki, pizza (thick toppings and lots of cheese), smoked meat (best in area, but not overall in mtlMisses: Lamb chops, T-Bone SteakThe service is pretty good and they have a takeout special for smoked meat, there's a small park behind the resto with picnic tables for a nice way to enjoy the summer.
2	the place is not bad. they are open quite late so if you are in the neighborhood and have a smoked meat craving and can't wait, the place will do. no lineup or anything as the place is always empty
5	Tried the smoked meat and the poutine via delivery.The smoked meat was great and was in my opinion superior to Schwartz due to less fat (personal preference), though it was not as well seasoned which would possibly have made Schwartz' better had I ordered lean when I tried from them. Got the super i.e. double meatThe poutine was the first one I have ever liked in my life. I never really understood why people were so in love with soggy fries with gravy and lumps of cheese until I ordered from here. The cheese was layered on top instead of dropped in in chunks and actually amazed me that I liked it since the other versions I have tried were not overly impressive. I now understand the hype!Delivery was painfully slow but saved me from having to drive so I will take the trade off.A must try for those who dont want to drive to Schwartz or endure the reported long lines.
4	Mellow Yellow Time Travel!So, Donovan's hit (Mellow Yellow) is playing in the background as my gaze turns from the red, vinyl booths to a killer king-sized smoked meat sandwich that came with pickle, cole slaw, and fries and ... WHOA! I time travel to the 70s! Flashback!!! The servers rock too!They don't get a five-star rating only because the fries were a bit on the limp side, as was the rye.  Shame! The Roi Special with smoked meat (smoked-meat spaghetti at the next table ... or did I hallucinate that?) looked unbelievably good too!I'm looking forward to getting the Super Special on take-away very very soon!
