3	This location is my preferred Walmart in the area, though the one up on Fort Apache isn't bad. They have the auto service center, pharmacy, market, and everything else you'd expect from a Walmart, though they would benefit if their staff were a bit friendlier.Their greeters are good, and though I'd not day they're unhelpful or really unfriendly, they likely won't say a word to you unless you seek them out with a question specifically.I had one experience during the night shift where I base the self-check attendant to have a good night as I departed, and she didn't even look at me, much less return the pleasantry. Everyone else at least replied when I talked, and the price and stock are good. So they could be a *good* Walmart instead of average, if they were friendlier.
1	Came here out of convenience...Pharmacy had me wait 30 minutes told me my prescription was 80 went to pick it up and it was magically $130 Misinforming patients and showed no concern for their lack of knowledge, stick to the real pharmacies not a company trying to maximize income
4	Perfect for one stop shopping.  I always get my oil changed here and get extras I need at home while I wait.  Place has everything so you end up getting more than you need.  Cashiers are always nice and smiling
4	This is typically the Walmart location I end up at based on convenience. The service is typically good and the lines can be busy on weekends during peak times, but for the most part, the store keeps their lines to a minimum by opening more registers when they are busiest. This is especially helpful during he holidays. I recently noticed the signs at the registers saying they will open a new register any time there are more than three people in the line waiting.They keep a good amount of stock on the shelves and they are clean and organized as well.
3	It's Walmart... I'm sure you have been to one. This place is the usual crazy. It has a huge supermarket side, large garden center and household section. It is pretty unorganized. Lots of stuff thrown around everywhere. The baby section, shoe section and toy section in the back of the store look like a tornado hit. You can also expect to get your foot ran over by dummies with their large carts. This location has McDonald's inside, an eye center and restrooms in the front. Be careful in the parking lot for pedestrians crossing without looking
5	I know this store's ins & outs. Managers know us well from time to time talking with them over problems in the past. As much as I hate walmart I always find what I need here... One stop shop, even my gluten free products.Shop online using Ebates you'll get cash back, I've already earned $13, check will be in the mail February.I don't recommend the pharmacy here. Instead I use the 24 pharmacy on Tropicana & Rainbow.
4	I love the new receipt catcher that walmart offers, it compares the prices that you paid at walmart to the neighboring prices and if they have it less walmart gives you back the difference on and e-card.  I have so far gotten back 13.00 dollars in savings, yah.  Give it a try ,xoxox happy yelping
1	This store is the best of the worst, and this company has to be one of the most frustrating on earth to deal with, mainly due to them combing the darkest cracks of the earth for the stupidest window lickers possible to employ. Every time I have to go to one of their locations, I have an experience with an employee that makes me question how these people can even breath on their own. After I stood in line for 20 minutes waiting for the employee at the automotive checkout counter to find out how much something was (after telling him the exact price, what it was, and what department it was from), to be told I had to go roam the store and figure it out on my own. Unbeatable....stupidity, not prices. I only wish that there weren't certain things I had to go here for sometimes, so I could avoid this place completely.
