1	DO NOT MOVE HERE! Have had nothing but problems since I moved here in January. I had to find a place online because I was coming from another state so I was recommended to live in a certain apartment from one of the employees. Turns out this employee never told me that my apartment was right next to the parking lot and my bedroom window and patio both looked over the parking lot. I could hear cars all day and night and people outside my window all the time. I could hear my neighbor snoring every single night so don't count on having thick walls. After a few months of getting no sleep I finally begged management to let me move somewhere else but the only option I was given was to move to another apartment in the same complex for a $200 transfer fee. Now I live in an apartment that smells like pee. My clothes smell and I have tried to febreez my carpet but that does not work either. Management has been horrible through out this entire experience especially Christina, Ana, and Bridget is the ultimate worst. Bridget claims she is the assistant manager but I have never been treated with such disrespect before. The pools are never clean either so do not trust the pictures you see. I have already had 3 notices on my door as well as police officers knocking on my door due to burglaries and one child kidnapping so this is definitely not a safe place to live. This apartment complex is the worst I have ever lived in and I am stuck here for another year. Take my word for it and find somewhere else to live.
1	I would never recommend living in this apartment place. I've lived in several wonderful apartments throughout downtown Phoenix and Tempe, but never have I experienced such a terrible living situation as I have at Mill Pointe Aparments. Here are the reasons why:1. constant crime area: gunshots, homeless walk freely through the property grounds, strangers/possible harmful individuals knocking on your door pretending to be servicemen, police constantly driving through but never actually doing anything, etc. when coming home at night time, ive noticed plenty of clearly ODD people sneaking around the parking lot, looking through cars. in one instance i saw a man that lived in an apartment at mill pointe chasing after a man with a mask, claiming he was looking through the windows of his home watching his family.2. mgmt company: every time i have called them for a work order, or alterations to my lease, or any kind of question, the manager of the complex is ALWAYS "out in a meeting" and/or unavailable. no matter when i call, morning noon or evening. after becoming upset about this recurring problem, i called and once again they told me jennifer the manager was in a meeting, so i walked down to the offices, and there was jennifer in her office, alone with the door shut. (i could see since her since her office has a window) I have also called on many occasions during business hours for work orders and no one ever answered the phone for a few hours.3. the apartments: had a bug issue upon moving in. flies and gnats everywhere. my neighbor had told me upon her moving in, her refrigerator was infested with dead cockroaches. the apartment was not cleaned (mold ring in the toilet) and numerous inconsistencies within the infrastructure, such as holes to nowhere under the sink and in certain areas of the floor boards when they connect to a wall or cabinet.4. work orders or issues with living conditions: water was shut off for multiple days without warning or notice. i, nor did most of my connecting neighbors, have hot water for over 48 hours, MULTIPLE TIMES.I called one sunday because my front door would no longer lock (the door was splitting in half) the serviceman complained about having to leave his home on a sunday to fix my broken front door. he didnt fix anything but tighten the screws of the deadlock. i explained to him ive done this numerous times but the door continues to loose grip of the lock since it is splitting down the middle, he refused it was an issue with the door and refused my request to replace the door altogether, rendering the safety of my apartment completely unimportant.All other complaints I have about this apartment complex is minuscule compared to the ones listed above. STAY AWAY.
1	If you are looking for a place to live- this is NOT it! I have never been treated so horribly by a management company in all of my years of renting. The front office is full of rude and incompetent employees. Customer service is not a word in any of their vocabulary. Nothing EVER gets fixed and the office NEVER returns any calls.(toilet has been broken since I moved in and the dishwasher for going on a month now) Hot water is non-existant during the cold months here. I have a dog and they refuse to accommodate  around my work schedule so they can enter my apt with me there.  I have missed 3 days of work in the last two months for some inspection or another. The real icing on the cake was when they never issued my new lease after requesting it for 2 months. They then raised my rent by $300 a month (some month to month trumped up rate) and served me an eviction notice AFTER I finally signed the new lease and had paid the rent that was due upon renewal.  I was stuck here for another year! DO yourself a favor and look elsewhere. There are plenty of nicer and more affordable apartments in Tempe. MEB is the head management company so be on the lookout and avoid any of their properties.
2	This place is the epitome of, "You get what you pay for." It's a decent apartment for someone on their own for the first time, but I would not want to live here for a long period of time so get out as fast as you can. When you visit the property, don't be fooled by the model apartment. Take a close look at the actual apartment you'll be renting and you can learn a lot about the quality of these apartments.My biggest complaint about living here would be the management. The leasing office lacks two important things: accountability/follow through, and communication. If you ever need something taken care of, your best bet is to go into the office in person. Don't bother calling especially if it's almost closing time. I've been in there and have seen the staff ignore calls when helping other residents. (Yes they even said, "Oh it's nobody important" and hit the ignore button when I asked if they needed to pick up the phone. At least asking the resident to be put on hold would be better...) Then, once you have put your issue on the staff's radar, you better follow up yourself frequently to make sure it's taken care of because half the time they don't do what they say they will.Here's my list of other pros and cons:Pros:* Close to a lot of businesses on Mill and Southern, also close to the 60 freeway (but not close enough to hear any freeway traffic although you will hear sirens now and then)* If you're going to ASU, there's a bus stop right across the street (line 65/66 I believe) that will take you there directly* Plenty of parking spots available, easy to have guests over too because they don't have to worry about finding a spot* Cheap rent, short-term leases available, pretty big space for what you're paying for* Pet-friendly* Community events put on in conjunction with one of the complexes next door* It's pretty quiet during the daytime... during the night though you get loud people walking through going to their apartments* Emergency maintenance available if you have a flooded toilet etc.Cons:* Parking lot has speed bumps every 20-30 feet which is annoying and unnecessary... it doesn't matter how slowly you go over them, you'll need to get your car checked eventually* Cheap quality apartment. Prime example: no real wood anywhere but instead you have faux hardwood floors and the cabinets are painted to look like wood. The countertops and bathtub have "surfaces" (so it's not a real porcelain tub).* They don't seem to put much care into fixing up the apartments... when I moved in, I would not say this was a "move-in ready" apartment because I had a burnt light bulb among other very small things that would have been easy to take care of. A lot of the trim was badly chipped and they didn't repaint it. When they did repaint things like the cabinets, they clearly didn't care about taping off the adjacent wall so the paint extended past the cabinet, and some even went on the carpet. (This was all done before I moved in.)* Really thin ceilings and walls. Get used to hearing stomping sounds and doors slamming.* The way the utilities are split up: everyone in a building pays the same for water and water heating, even if you're only 1 person vs. 2 people in the same size apartment. Maybe this is normal procedure but I was being overcharged for water considering I didn't use that much at all.* Sometimes they post notices on your door that have your full name written on it. Personally I would not want my neighbors to know that much info!If you're looking for a cheap place to live, it's fine but like I said, I wouldn't want to live here for more than a few months. Looking forward to when my lease ends.
2	I lived in brown-carpeted one-bedroom. Pros:*Not expensive.*Close to the freeway and bus line.*Maintenance guy came 1 out of 3 times the same day. 2 times my claim was forgotten for 3 days until I reminded the office.Cons:*No washer and dryer. You have to get a laundry card to use laundry.*No lighting in bedroom and living room areas.*There is the whole ONE ceiling fan in my apartment which is located in dining area.*Their "state of the art fitness center" is located in 201 West property, so it is a long walk. Also, you have to pay $25 for the key deposit. Gym has few machines, but lacks free weights.*Resident lounge, billiards room, heated spa and sand volleyball court are also located in 201 West property, not at the Mill Pointe. Also, you have to make a reservation for resident lounge to get in and it is open only at Mill Pointe operating hours.*Drilling A/C and water noises from neighbors. Also, you can hear how old A/C system is when you turn on yours! (Mill Pointe has been in business since 1980!)*Noises from outside were very loud.*No storage: there is only teeny walk-in closet, no storage rooms.*Very little kitchens: it was hard for me to accommodate all my kitchen gadgets and dishware; some had to live their lives in the boxes.*Tiny refrigerator: since I cook, my food wouldn't fit in this smaller than regular refrigerator.  *Police cars are very frequent at the apartment complex which tells about the safety in the area.I wouldn't recommend living here.
2	Mill Pointe Apartments has merged with the 201 West property next door and they are now known as Huntington Apartment Homes. There is also new management under Allison-Shelton. This change took place in April 2014 so I understand that there are still some issues to work out with management and organization (and some residents are not happy about this change), but I am still glad that I took a chance and decided to move when my lease ended this summer.After apartment searching again in Tempe, I wanted to update this review after seeing what else is out there. For this price range, I would say that this is a good deal because of the amount of space and location. The quality of the apartment is comparable to what you would find in other complexes at this price range (no real wooden floors, surfaces for countertops, somewhat rough carpet), although Mill Pointe seems to be older and it shows in the quality of the flooring, bathroom, etc. One great thing that I did not mention before was that I did not have any insect issues at all, and that the complex overall is very quiet.Management still has a lot of room for improvement and I hope this will get better as it has been a few months since the transition/merger. It is still difficult to reach the office by phone. None of the staff have an individual email address; rather there is one single address for the whole property that you use, and they will direct it to the appropriate person (rather inconvenient when you already know who you want to contact), and even then you may not receive a reply. Often the staff in the leasing office don't seem to know what's going on either. Work orders, even important ones, may require a few follow-ups (although my last request was completed within 24 hours which was the fastest response I had ever seen!).Overall, I was mostly satisfied with my living experience here as a first apartment on my own. However If you can afford to increase your own price range by even just $50/month for rent, I would recommend looking elsewhere. You can settle for the quality of the apartment, but it is really the management that will frustrate you when living here.
1	If you're looking for some good reviews you'll have to keep looking. I have been here for a year and a half. Since selling this place and becoming The Huntington Apartments this community's level of quality has significantly dropped. The office employees are rude, unorganized, and far from helpful. There is a bug problem that they cannot get fixed in multiple apartments. Their organization is so bad that they can't even keep up with the pest control company's schedule. We have had missed appointments, and not been ready due to miscommunication on their side. I would not recommend this place to anybody period. We do have community dumpster divers that make their rounds every morning at 6 AM however. There are police here non stop because of the amount of crime and disorderly conduct from some of the life forms that live here. Its a complete disaster. No matter how much painting they do around here there is no covering up poor quality living or customer service. If you are apartment hunting, keep hunting and good luck, there are good apartments out there, this just isn't one anymore.
1	What they say is true, you do get what you pay for. Crazy that there really can be a price tag on poor living conditions and customer service, but there is. I have been here for a while now and have been having serious issues with pests, and the office has been the furthest thing from helpful throughout the process. In case you're wondering about the pests, their Bed Bugs and now Roaches! Both of these wonderful creatures are not limited to our apartment which means that  this place is a melting pot for creepy crawlies. You would think that treatment would be pretty standard, but in the past 42 days we have had 0 resolution. We follow the guidelines to a T and have even gone above and beyond double layering our mattress and box springs. One of the biggest problems is that everyone in the office has their head in sand. They are rude, busy because this place is a mess, and unorganized! We have missed appointments and been prepped when there was no appointment on different "treatment" cycles. I think they only use alcohol when they do treat, and thats IF they treat.... Past that we have police visits to the complex on nearly a daily basis for all of the various crimes and domestic disputes that happen here. We've had cars broken into and a window in our apartment shot with a bb gun. I filed a police report nearly two weeks ago and still have a broken window. The only way you can make yourself heard around here apparently is to make a lot of noise, but even then that wont help out too much, just ask my neighbors. If you hate living a comfortable life, come on in! If your like me however and like to work with caring and organized customer service along with clean and relatively crime free housing then stay away! There are other places in the area that cost about the same and give you WAY MORE!
1	As indicated by the comment below, this apartment is now named The Huntington Apartment as of now. The facts:1. The apartment itself is actually not too bad. The layout and floorplan is well-designed for a 1 bedroom apartment. There are plenty of storage space in this apartment. However, it is an old building, so it doesn't have upgraded kitchen or materials. 2. However, the apartment management only cleans what you see on the outside. Before you move in, they walk you through the apartment you're going to move into. It looks fine until you move in and really see the places you didn't look the first time. The toilet bowl has stains that doesn't go away even when I bought Lysol cleaner and cleaned it, the air filter wasn't replaced before we moved in, so there were dust everywhere, the screen door to our patio was detached until the day of our move-in, even when the office manager told the maintenance people to fix it, they obviously didn't. And our kitchen sink disposal was clogged and our sink started flooding, because they didn't clean that out either. What a disaster. 3. Like I said, the management is horrible. The office staffs are irresponsible, unorganized, and unprofessional. They aren't like evil or mean, but they really don't know what they're doing. The girl who helped me when I first went in did not have good presentation skills, where she said "uhm" probably at least 5 times in a sentence, and didn't have correct information where she had to check multiple of times. Maybe she's new, but she really needs to be trained before they put her out there with customers. She also left out couple papers for me to sign, so I had to go back two separate times after I moved in, to sign more papers because she forgot to give it to me all at once. That's inconvenient and a waste of my time. Also, did I mention that they are not consistent with mails or deliveries? Their policy is that they're supposed to send us a note to our door if they received our package at the office. I've had three packages delivered to me, and I received only 1 note. The first time, I went in myself to get it because I got a confirmation email telling me that my package is arrived. It's been hours, and they haven't sent any note to my door. I had to walk there and told them and they simply said "oh, sometimes the note gets lost." Really? She's basically telling me she's irresponsible with her own mouth. The third package also arrived before noon and someone from the office signed it, but still no note on my door at 12am (on the same day). I only found out when it was delivered through the delivery company tracking system. They really need to be more responsible and organized.So overall, I would give it a one star just because of the storage space and layout, but the apartment management sucks. So looking forward to moving out as soon as my contract ends!!P.S. THE PRICE ISN'T EVEN THAT CHEAP FOR WHAT THE APARTMENT IS. IT LOOKS CHEAP AT FIRST COMPARED TO OTHER APARTMENTS NEAR HERE, BUT IT REALLY ISN'T THAT CHEAP FOR WHAT THIS CRAPPY APARTMENT IS WORTH.
