5	Family friendly, great location, affordable, and most importantly very knowledgeable instructors!!!
5	The staff and instructors are super patient with all the children and create a very positive environment.  It is great to see my son continuously improve not only in martial arts but also gain confidence and respect.
5	Our kids LOVE it here! Mr. Pino, Mrs. Pino, and Mr. & Mrs. Bonner are fantastic with all of the kids and they get excited for their classes! Family friendly and a welcoming atmosphere! We enjoy watching all of the kids learn new kicks, punches, and techniques... all while having a super fun time. We are so thankful to have tried it out and we will continue coming back for more! ATA STRONG!
5	Pretty freaking awesome my son has been coming here going on a year and a half and he loves it when he started he was very closes off and shy after a few classes he's made many new friends and is way more out going before. The instructors are great they sure do have a way with kids.
5	Great place for Tae Kwon Do. They treat everyone like family and the workout is great. They have classes for kids and adults throughout the week so it's easy to find classes that for your schedule.
5	Quest ATA has become part of our family.  The Pinos and Bonners show compassion and take pride in everything they do. My kids have learned way more than just kicks and punches. Quest has developed their leadership skills, honor and discipline,  respect and have made it fun for all along the way
5	The Pino and Bonner family are super AWESOME instructors. They are very patient and are great with children. My 2 boys (6&4) joined sometimes this year and they love Tae Kwon Do. They never want to miss class. I give 5 stars because they establish rapport from the time you enter the gym until you walk out. Also, their principles and disciplined teachings is like no other gym. Excellent place to enroll your children for TKD.
5	All I can say is amazing! The Pino and Bonner family are super AWESOME instructor. I have 2 boys 12 and 9. they are white belts but love the class.  I have even started to take classes I loss over 30 pounds. The price is very good $125. for 2 people 3 classes a week. My combat fitness class is only $59.  for a year and I get  6 am classes and 3 pm classes, in all I can go to 9 classes in a week for only 59. ! I am having a blast. This school has no down falls everyone is super sweet and uplifting they care about each person that walks in the door. :)
5	Good instructions very nice kids big mat area , clean . Safe training for kids . Big parking outside.  Trainers are very professional and nice to kids .
