3	The draw and appeal of this restaurant is probably the name :) . While that is enough to put people through the doors, you are hoping to have decent food.  At times, the service was spotty and disorganized, where one server would show up right after another dealt with your table.  The manager who checked up on us was quite cordial though.The restaurant is mainly opened for breakfast and lunch, which is clear when you take a look at the menu.  The thing that's clear is that there's more focus on the brunch aspect of the menu.  The burger ordered means well, but there was one technical flaw that hampered enjoyment.  While some enjoy having their burgers cut in half, it ultimately led to ingredients falling out.While the structural issues of the burger got in the way, I'd still recommend people to try Smile as the taste was still pretty good.
2	Yeah, I'm gonna go with Meh. It's an option if you're working across the street at Ubisoft, but it's not the only or best option in the 'hood. The burger was fine except that if the menu had warned me that the cheese would be plastic packet Americana I would have said Noooo Thank You, Please. Also the salad was of the boxed wilty variety. The orange booths are nice and the decor overall is quite harmless and clean, the signage is emoticon cute for the lol set I guess. But fact is, this resto is right smackdab next to the radiant art chaotica of Cagibi with all its vegetarian goodness and palpable soul. In this Mile End context Smile needs to try a little harder, IMHO ;)
5	The photo should do the talking. Look at it! Just great! Ande great price too! The cod fish bolinhos (empanados) and the shrimp risolis are awesome! Also the portuguese style chicken is great! I recommend.
5	The good people at Cafe smile do one very simple thing: they take all the love that goes into portuguese family cuisine and share it with their clients. When a restaurant greets you, chit chats and engages with you and your experience, you quickly go from a client to a friend ... and in the end, on top of mouth watering bitoque and bifana, feeling welcomed is what counts.
