3	I came here today for a new battery while I went shopping at Lake Pleasant Town Center.  This is the only auto repair shop in the area and the advantage is that I can go shopping in the area without my truck so I am not stuck at the mechanic while they get to me since they are ALWAYS busy because they are the only ones in the area.  I have been here before to do an oil change and the customer service is satisfactory, I think they could do better with the communication.  I should have planned my day a little better though since when a mechanic tells you an hour and a half it really means two hours.  Of coarse they didn't even move my truck till I got back an hour and fifteen minutes later.  Like I said, I expect this a little bit from a mechanic shop and the fact is I could have shopped around longer.  I will most definitely go back because of the proximity to my home but I might have to open my own shop in the area since these guys are so busy anyway.
2	We dropped our vehicle off Saturday to have them check why it sputters upon acceleration. They never called us back (after 3 calls to them) to let us know it was ready.  Monday afternoon they called and said  they "jiggled some wires" test drove it and they claimed it was fine, but if the check engine light comes on, bring it back. Not even 24 hours later it came on, we dropped it off Monday night and now it's Tuesday afternoon and not a single call from them.  Their communication clearly needs work, and after 2 whole days of having our car and not being able to find out what's wrong with it is unacceptable.  Even if they find out what's wrong with it before they close today, they will have to keep it another day or so to potentially fix what's wrong with it.  This would not have been such a rotten experience had they just kept us informed once, or even twice, even if to just say "hey, we are still working on it and will call you".  At this point, we are getting the vehicle and taking it elsewhere.  If you decide to go with Fletcher's, be prepared to have little to no communication about what's going on with your vehicle.
1	I came in for an oil change this morning. When I checked in, the guy really seemed like he hated being there, with a nonchalant attitude. It took an hour and 10 mins to do a simple oil change. Then, they had a few "suggestions" that I could also get done like an oil filter change and intake cleaning. I said that I was in a hurry and was not interested in getting it done at this time, and he looked at me with surprise, and asked sarcastically "Is this something you should ask your husband about? It only takes a few extra minutes!" I said that I still did not want to get it done. I then proceeded to the counter again if I could pay right now just so that I could just drive away when the car was done. The guy at the counter looked at me and shrugged his shoulders and raised his eyebrows, "well I can't really do that now can I? I don't have the paper work." I just looked sad and said, "Ok," and watched the mechanics finish the oil change. After a few minutes, the guy at the counter asked me, "What was your name again?" and he proceeded to say "Okay, the bill is for $31.00."  I don't know how he suddenly got the paper work when he didn't even move and no one came in to give it to him. Maybe he realized he was sort of mean about it and tried to make up for it. I know my feelings are now biased due to this experience. Although my oil change was done as promised, my final say is: If customer service and friendliness are things you value, then I suggest not going to this Fletcher's location.
5	I like this place. Few minutes from my home. Good staffs. I changed oil few times and Some repairs. Although it is always busy there, you go early and drop off and pick up later everything will be good.
1	Be sure that they actually do the work you pay for!!  Fletcher's had a groupon for an  3 oil changes and a tire rotations. I recently had a low tire and took it to the tire place that I purchased them from. The gentleman  looked at my tires and stated that they hadn't been rotated for a very long time about 20,000 miles. I told them that I was getting them rotated with my oil changes about every 5000 miles at Fletchers. They told me that they were not rotating my tires like I thought that they were. I keep all my service records and it says that they rotated my tires. Since I don't wait for my car I have no idea if they did or not. I have to believe that they were not since I had to get 2 new tires today.
3	This location is substantially better than the one on 67th and Happy Valley. The customer service here is hit or miss depending on who you get but at least you have a fighting chance. The one on Happy Valley, I think they are batting 1000 when it comes to hiring individuals who lack courtesy, compassion, customer service and social skills.There's really nothing spectacular about Fletcher's. Just a place to get your car serviced and repaired. I don't ever feel like anyone at any of the locations go above and beyond to make you feel like a valued customer.If you live in the NW Valley, and are considering a Fletcher's, I would say this one definitely over the one on Happy Valley Road.
1	I am not one to write a review but I am so sick to my stomach about this right now. I purchased 4 new tires with 90K warranty/lifetime on them. In July someone slit my tire in front of my home and I had to take my car to this location from Buckeye to get a new tire bc this was where I purchased the tire originally. I had to bring it back 2x before they actually got the tire in. IT was a big ordeal to get my tire, which if you are a tire place and you sold me that tire, shouldnt you have stock??? My car has been vibrating since March (which is before July) and when I just took my car in to get this problem fixed, I was notified that I need to purchase all new tires... now wouldnt Fletchers have seen the tires in July and said something was not right and needed to be corrected. Now  5 months later I have to pay for 2 new tires because Fletchers did not look at my tires, which is odd because they balanced and rotated after they put on the new tires. After these warranties expire, I will never again purchase tires from Fletchers. I am so upset and irritated on the poor service.
5	Yeah.. .I read a few of the reviews and while I certainly am in no position to validate them, some seem pretty far fetched....As for me... I am VERY happy with this place. Shawn the GM always takes great care of me. I am able to get things done quickly and efficiantly. They have sold me tires and warranted them when needed. They have done oil changes and tire rotations etc etc on all my cars and I have 4 of them. Never an issue. Thanks Guys!
1	I came to this place for an alignment on my BMW.  I did make sure that they can do it over the phone before I bring my car to the shop.  After a week, I brought the car back for them to re-do it because it shifted to the right.  I was shock when they told me their machine could not align on BMW.  Why don't they told me upfront?  What's a waste of time and money.
5	Had a flat tire on our trailer while on vacation. AAA recommended a place 20 miles away that we had to drive to on the flat. Yea right. I yelped for a tire shop and this place came up as 3.5 miles away. Hubby called and they had 4 of the correct tires in stock. They got us in immediately and charged us a cheaper price than AAA quoted.
5	I've stopped buy multiple times for windshield wiper blades, tires, etc. Point I'm trying to make. They are awesome. Never once have they let me down. Some of these other reviews don't make sense to me.. I've been going here for the last 3 years. Great guys, great service!
2	A simple oil change should take 15 min. Since I arrived early and there was only one car already being worked on in front of mine, I was expecting a wait time no longer than 30 min. So I told them I'd wait for my car inside their building. TWO HOURS LATER.....my car was just sitting there, hood open, wrench on the engine, and absolutely no one in the garage at all. Lesson learned, I'll just go to good ol' reliable Jiffy Lube next time.
5	We were given great customer service and a short wait time. We dropped in without an appointment and were taken care of. We will be back.
