4	Anna's Linens is a great local shop located on Eastern Ave. off of Silverado Ranch.  The staff is friendly and the store carries several different vanities and bedroom supplies. I love the local discounts and specials they normally run.
4	Anna's Linens is a great place to shop for house decor. Grandma, Lil Sis, and I went there to look and buy some complete bed sets that includes the comforter, sheets, pillow cases, and bed shirt (6 to 8 pieces) that normally run like $39.99 and $49.99, were on sale for $29.99. Grandma and I went to this location like two weeks ago and saw that sale... we were short on cash and said that we would be back. Wish we had the money then. When we walked into this location today, most of the sets were gone.. That had very little to choose from. We looked all around, but did not see any that we liked. Bummed.... I still love this place because that have everything like all the bathroom accessories that you need and/or want to decorate your bathroom. They have kitchen stuff, and many more things. They always have good deals and so far, I have not been disappointed with them. We will just try the other Anna's Linens and hope to get the bed sets that we want.
3	There are deals to be had here, but you have to act quick on them. The place is tucked in a corner of the Target Shopping center and it is very easy to miss if you are not looking for it. The people are usually friendly and attentive... what can I say? I go there for a deal not an experience.
4	Anna's Linens is the first place I go when I need bedding, etc... because their prices are fabulous. I went there to do some shopping for a gift and bought a sheet set and a comforter. Well, I was distracted and left without the comforter. Two days later I noticed it when I went to my trunk to wrap the gift. I went back to the store and explained my dilemma. The store was fabulous about the whole thing. They went into the back and checked the cameras and saw that I did leave the comforter at the cashier. They gave me a replacement with no hassles and the whole process only took about 15 minutes, including the store checking the cameras. I feel that this was definitely above and beyond and really excellent customer service. Thank you Anna's Linens!
4	I don't frequent Anna's Linens because I typically think of their inventory as rather expensive for what you're getting. This particular location had a lot of inventory and I was pleasantly surprised by the deals I found. The quality is still on the cheap side, but I honestly don't mind when the prices reflect that. As long as I get what I pay for, I'm happy,Service was friendly and attentive, which I appreciate. I was asked if needed anything about four time in a ten minute span, but they weren't pushy or rushing me, which was good. Overall, a good location for what it is.
4	I really like Anna's but as soon as we walked in this cashier, was just rambling!  Ok, say welcome to Anna's!  But she was going on about the sales, and where the bed in a bag was in the front and along the back wall!  And she was just going on and on and on!  OMG SHUT UP ALREADY!Ok, so now I find the comforter that I want!  I need a cal king.  I ask for help, because I see some way on top, but I can't see the size.  So I get someones attention.  She's looking where I'm looking, and instead of getting a ladder to see if one of those just might be a cal king.  She's looking at some chart she got out of her pocket and tells me that, although it's a king size, the dimensions will fit a cal king!  No......I want one that says Cal King!  Ok if that's the case, are you telling me a twin comforter set will fit a king bed!  It might cover the top but not the sides!  I just gave her the look!  And this is why I hate talking to sales people!  I'm that one that will put my earpiece in my ear and totally ignore you, because most of the time sales people in retail can't really help you anyway!  I was so irritated!
4	Usually I really don't like Anna's due to the lack if customer service. But this location has a lady that works there named Ana that's so nice n helpful
