4	This place is a little hard to find. It is on the south east corner of Alma School and Ray.  Its really worth it.  They make a variety of hand pies from scratch.  Very delicious.  I had the green chillie and pork, my wife had one of the breakfast pies and my daughter had the pecan pie pie.  All very good.  Very nice and welcoming owners.
5	I discovered a food crafters through grubhub. The delivery was faster than expected and the food was incredible. I am not a vegetarian but i decided to branch out and order the Spinach Cranberry Walnut Farro Salad and the Lemon Creme Delights Hand Pie. Both were amazing! I reccomend ordering from this place and these two dishes! I will definitally be ordering from this place again!
5	What a pleasant surprise. Had the Cubano pie and it was delicious! The owners were there and I had mentioned that I wanted to try their lemon cream pie and when my sandwich arrived it was on the plate. It was also delicious. I will definetly be back!
5	AZ Food Crafters has one major problem but it's definitely not their food - it's their name! It sounds like a catering company. By their name alone you would never guess what they offer. Their name should be Awesome Hand Pies because that better reflects what they are all about! Not that anyone knows what the heck a hand pie is either but still. Anyway....the boyfriend and I discovered AZ Food Crafters at the Ahwatukee Farmers Market. We were looking for a bite to eat, and they were offering breakfast hand pies so they got our attention. A hand pie is like an empanada or a hot pocket if you will. It's a flaky pastry shell stuffed with whatever they like - eggs and bacon, green chili pork, or apples and cinnamon just to name a few of their options. We gobbled up their eggs and ham pies with no problem!So last Saturday we were craving some hand pies and went online to see which market they might be at. And we discovered they now have a shop - yay! Breakfast plans complete. Their store-front is small but cute and clean. It's all open so you can see their whole set-up. But they have a few tables set up in front so you can eat there. You can also just get their pies frozen if you prefer. We chatted with the owner while we munched on our breakfast. He's super nice and laid back. We enjoyed talking with him and our breakfast was yummy, of course. These guys are making great food, even growing a lot of the ingredients themselves- bonus points! And if you check in on Yelp they'll give you a free dessert pie - awesome!
4	I ordered a selection (4) pies (or are they empanadas?).Cubano -- GoodChicken Tika -- Real goodChicken pot pie -- GoodPork green chili -- GoodFor me pie (or empanadas) are not unlike pizza...it's the crust that counts.  That being said, the crust was probably the best thing out of all.  That's not to say that the other ingredients were bad...it's just that the crust was that much better.You kind of have to look for the place because its in the corner of a small strip mall at Alma School and Ray (SE corner), but well worth checking out.Not sure it's a 5, probably closer to 4.5 but that wasn't a choice so 4 it is.
5	Yes 5 Stars! It is as good as it gets and I am not just saying that to be bias because I love locally owned mom and pop type shops the most.  I do love the service a million times more than chained restaurant businesses. I especially love when the locally owned businesses are severely welcoming and happy to see customers coming through the doors.  Lets get on with the review shall we:Chicken pot pie- A-Blueberry- A+ (esp when you go home to heat it up and put some ice cream over it!)I cannot wait to try some of my boyfriends green hatch chili pork and his lemon cream hand pie.  When I was younger I was in love with the little hostess or safeway pies that are glazed with chocolate pudding or apple fillings so I cannot wait to try the rest of the hand pies from this establishment in a few days. So Good! It can be tricky to find if you aren't around the area but if you know where house of egg roll is, it is tucked away in the corner in the back. The service here obviously gets a A++++ :)So go ahead run down there and grab a bite its totally worth your time and money!
5	Simply divine!!! These guys are genii (genius plural?). Insightful combinations of fresh ingredients; perfected pastry techniques; bargain prices... what more could you ask for. The owners are also super friendly and interesting to talk to. Cheers AZ Food Crafters!
5	Picked up two pumpkin and one apple hand pie at the Chandler Farmers Market on Thursday.  Oh my goodness are they good.  The pumpkin was good, not too sweet and filled with fresh pumpkin, not canned.  The apple was amazing and I'm a picky person when it comes to fresh apple desserts.  Yummy.  Definitely my new favorite.
5	Wow, I saw them on 3TV and was in the neighborhood. I bought a few pies. Yummm!I wasn't crazy about the dessert pies, but loved the other pies. I don't like nutmeg, that's why i didn't like the fruit. Otherwse I had the ham, cheese and egg, the spinach quich, the pork chili, all delcious. Next timeI will buy more to try. The crust was flaky and light but did not fall apart. I am defintely putting my order in for more. It is convenient that you can put in an order and pick it up at one of the farmers markets around the valley.
4	My husband first tried AZ Food Crafters at one of the Chandler festivals (can't remember if it was the beer or BBQ fest...), he has been raving about them ever since.It took us awhile to try them because their hours are pretty limited and the location isn't the best. The owner told me they weren't really focused on having a restaurant, but they mostly do farmers markets and orders for pick up. The location is clean and open with a few tables in the front for seating.The owners are very friendly and hospitable. We had a nice chat about their business and the different hand pies they offer. They make everything from scratch and use fresh ingredients.We ordered a few of the green chili pork and the chicken marinara pie, as well as the brown butter spiced apple pie. They were all very good. The spiced apple was very heavy on spice, but I like it that way. I think the price is a little high for what you get ($4 a pie), and they are fairly small, but they are really tasty and fresh. They do offer a 3 for $10 deal so you can save a few bucks there.Overall, the pies are really good as well as the customer service. I'm a fan!
5	We are not worthy! So today, I finally convinced my boyfriend to try to this place. He is not a fan of enclosed food items. But we were sold here! Clean placeFriendly staff!I get the fact that he primarily does catering and markets. It's his business and it's awesome, I am just thankful it's down the road and if I need one I can get one now.The goods! I had the Combo2 Mini Sweet Pies-Lemon Cream( uh lemon is my favorite... so this was obviously delicious)-Spiced Apple( this one convinced the boyfriend to buy some to take home)1 Salad-Celery Root/Apple/ FarroI had no clue what farro was, but I will eat it again!The PIEGreen Chile. BOMB. SO GOOD. I loved the cliantro white sauce that came with it. REALLY REALLY GOOD.The boo ended up having a green chile pork and a bleu and buffalo. He liked the green chile but was all about the buffalo. Overall great place. Good Owners, Tasty food.
5	The best grub hub delivery I've gotten in Tempe. This place has the best ham, egg, and cheese hand pie. Taste was awesome, fresh, and something new.
4	This is a review of the restaurant experience.The environment and service are both good, so I'll get right to the food. I had the $6 green pork chili hand pie/chocolate creme brulee combo. The prices are low on the absolute scale, but the portion size reflects this. It will satisfy the average hunger and is about the same size as some fast food places, but there are other restaurants at similar price points that offer quite a bit more food. You do get a side salad with the hand pie, so that helps some. Next time, I would order it with no dressing because the salad dressing tasted a bit weird.The hand pie and creme brulee were both tasty and made with care. The creme brulee topping was on the thicker side, but the flavor was there.I liked my meal and dining experience, and I would like to return.
5	So Love this place... The only complaint I have is that Green Chili Menu isn't available all year hahaha
5	Hands down one of my new fav places in chandler. The food has such a unique taste that I love. Hidden gem for sure. Staff was grea
5	There are few times in life where something exceeds your expectations. Sadly, losing my virginity wasn't one of those times. But, I digress. My wife has been driving by this spot for quite some time and finally decided to look it up on Yelp. She liked the reviews and told me about it. Fast forward to today when, while running errands, I spotted this place and said hey let's give it a try. First of all the smell when we walked in was AHHHHMAZING!!!! It was their "bake day" as the gentleman at the counter called it. Anyways we ended up ordering 5 pies and then a box of mini sweet pies. We tried one of the minis on the way back to the office, and needless to say 1 turned into 6 before we got back to work, that's how good those were. Then the savory main pies. HOLY SH!T. Flaky, delicious crust enveloping the most incredible flavors. To quote the Simpsons "It's like there's a party in my mouth and everyone is invited." The El Cubano was my fav. but the Chicken Parm was amazing goodness. My wife LOVED her Green Chile Pork and also her Chicken Pot Pie. Our co-worker really enjoyed her Spinach and Cheese. And due to some begging we shared a few bites with some other co-workers and they enjoyed it so much a work lunch trip has been planned for his week! GET. YOUR. A$$. to this place now. That is all.
