5	Bree was cool!
5	Lacey was super nice and knows her stuff. Customers seem to like the staff and come in regularly. Very clean.
5	Daniel was great. Best cut I have had in a long time.
5	This review is about Maria. Before I begin my review, I would like to state that I myself, am a stylist so I know how everything should be done. I know what the behind the scenes of a salon looks like and I have an insider view of the business as a whole. I am very picky about whom I allow to cut my hair.  I have looked long and hard for someone who knew how I wanted my hair cut. I have tried out numerous salons and many stylists that seemed to no longer care about quality control in their haircuts. Then I found Maria. Maria is always kind, efficient and welcoming to everyone who enters into the salon. She always looks wonderful and presents herself as a true professional.   The salon is always clean, organized and a very inviting, drama free staff, as many salons have a lot of behind the scenes drama that can be felt by customers.  I had a very bad haircut at another salon chain, that shall remain nameless.  At the other salon, the stylist nodded her head in agreement with everything I said and proceeded to slaughter my haircut. Maria was on my way home and i went in and she fixed my haircut the best that she could. She made a plan with me about how, as my haircut grew out, she would trim this and that section until it was even all over. My hair is much shorter than I want now, as the other stylist chopped at my layers like Edward Scissorhands and it has taken over a year for my shortest layer to be evenly trimmed with the rest of my haircut. Maria is a god send and if you are in the Henderson area and looking for a low priced but wonderful haircut and salon experience, I suggest you run right over to the Supercuts on Windmill and Pecos and allow Maria to take control of your hair destiny. If nothing makes you feel worse than having a bad haircut by someone who does not care, nothing makes you feel better than being taken care of by a stylist that is technically knowledgeable, sympathetic to your needs and keeps a beautifully clean salon.  Maria is a stylist Oasis in a desert of hair professionals that do not care about the outcome of their haircuts, on the customer's peace of mind.
5	Daniel is an asset to super cuts . I will request him for all future appointments.
5	Went here the other day, after moving from SoCal, got Lacey to cut my hair, and it was the best haircut I have ever had! Go there, they are total professionals, highly recommended!!!
