2	I'm surprised there is not a review already about this Street of New York in Anthem.  But then again, most people won't complain about there experiences and just not go back. Hense ~ the purpose of this review. The good~ after all there is always some "good" in just about everything.  This is an awesome location in Anthem.  They are located in the Frys center.  They are reasonably priced compared to other places with similar food.  They never have a wait to be seated.  Te food is not great but it's not too bad either. The bad~ the service in this place is soooooo slow.  Whether you're dinning solo, with two or as a family the wait is the same ~ slow-ville X2. The staff is not very accommodating and heaven forbid if someone comes in they know while they are serving you.  They will make more time for their friends than you.  So why give them 2 stars and not 1 star?  Because the dinning options in Anthem are pathetic and I am not a pessimist but rather a critical optimist in hopes they will get their act together some day...
3	Service okay, not great. The server never returned to check how our food was. Cheesesteak and Tuna were outstanding. Server was slow to recognize when we were done. Had to ask for check and box for our food. Coleslaw very good.
5	Great service friendly! Good food!
1	They should be sued for defaming New York!! If these people are from New York tor Italian, they should go out back and shoot themselves!! If not, then any good New Yorker or Italian should do it for them!I ordered the Baked Ziti, My Sister in Law ordered Penne, and My Wife Ordered Macaroni and Cheese, First, we all were given Mosticcolli for every order. I would consider this false advertising as it is not what is stated in their menu. The Sauce was the same for the Penne and Ziti Dish, Bland, No flavor, just mushed tomatoes.After looking at the menus, who the hell puts ham in a lasagne?? food doesn't just suck, it swallows!!
5	We grabbed dinner at the Streets of New York this evening, what a great meal.  I had the cheese ravioli with pesto sauce and my husband had the spaghetti and meatballs.  Fabulous!  We started with artichoke and spinach dip with flatbread appetizer and the bread sticks and marinera sauce, num.   Our server was so sweet and helpful--what a nice way to end a good day.
3	Food was solid. Service was poor, at least the one waitress that helped us. She struggled even understanding her own menu.
2	Had dinner there the other night.  Great waitress- sweet, offered us suggestions, let us know of new things on the menu.  Caitlin was exceptional.  Manager on the other hand needs some training on how to interact with employee's and how to treat people with respect.  I think she is better served putting lids on cans in an assembly line where she doesn't have to talk to people.  She is rude, treats her employee's with disrespect.  I would replace her and you would probably keep more of your staff longer.
