3	If you want your workout to feel like a party then this is the place for you. I've only been here once and it was for their "happy hour" special on Friday for only $4. That's the drop in rate; there is no commitment or anything but they do make you sign a waiver. The are located in dingy and run down shopping center but once you get inside it is a very upbeat and friendly atmosphere. From the schedule on their website it looks like they offer a variety of different Zumba classes but the one I went to was mostly hip hop. They are trying to make it fun and so during the class they crank the music up really loud and there are all kinds of flashing lights like in a nightclub. This was a little too much for me and by the time I left I had a headache. I've taken zumba classes other places without all the hoopla and I really enjoy it. Studio Z was a good workout so I might try it again sometime. I probably would only do the monthly option if they added other cardio group fitness classes besides zumba. But if you just want a good zumba class to augment your fitness regimen, you can't beat their prices on the drop in rates.
5	Erika's class was amazing! Absolutely impressed with my first class. The energy and atmosphere can't be match!! I'm signing up ASAP and bringing some friends!
5	Great, friendly place to work out. The Staff is great. I like that it is affordable for any budget.
5	This place has changed my life! Started Zumba because I had heard it was an excellent work out but didn't feel like a workout because it was dance! I was needing to shed a few pounds for an upcoming wedding. I was skeptical at first because I am not the workout type. Sandy and Jessica were warm and welcoming on my first day. I was a newbie and knew nothing. They made me feel comfortable and like I was part of the Z family. This was in June.... Since then, I have become addicted! It's a wonderful stress reliever and the people are what keep me going back! Oh... And it does work... The pounds drop off!
