4	Ok, follow my lead in this order:Carefully park your car (or your bike) in the Sequoya Commons lot. Be a good citizen and return your library books at the Madison Public Library Sequoya branch. Have a quick cup o' joe at EVP and find something fun to read. Finish it all off with a late morning dessert at the Chocolate Shoppe!You know what they've got here, and you know it's good. All of it. I highly recommend a chocolate-covered waffle cup with one scoop of something "healthy" like strawberry sorbet, and one scoop of the goods--anything chocolate. Best enjoyed with two spoons and a handsome companion!
5	Two words: yippee skippee. Love it.
5	The best ice cream around! This place is the reason that I haven't been able to lose those last 5lbs but it's more than a fair trade.  It's great, it's unhealthy and everyone I know loves it. They change the flavors around quite a bit and the sherbet  and yogurt varieties are great as well. The store itself is new, clean and comes equipped with bathrooms. Since it's located near a library, coffee shop, Whoops, a pet shop and, ironically, a 24-fitness gym so you're pretty much set. Westmoreland Park is about two-blocks east of the plaza if you want a nice outdoorsy place to enjoy the goodies!
5	The best ice cream I have ever had. Must be because of the super.. SUPER rich ingredients used, but holy hell this place kicked my ass. I came here drunk a couple of times on my Madison vacation and it was very yummy. I had the ultimate oreo 2x, the peanut butter cookie dough was delicious, and the Zoreo was overwhelming but I think everything is.. Love their "not low-fat" slogan. Yay Wisconsin!
4	Fat Elvis with Hot Fudge. Love it tender. Then go home and sleep it off. Thank you. Thank you very much.
3	Two stars for the ice cream - I wasn't super impressed by the selection or how sticky and melted the ice cream looked. Some of the tubs looked like they had been allowed to melt halfway and then refrozen before they were opened to be served.One star for the dual top cones - probably the most amusing thing I saw all day.
4	Good ice cream!  Hope you don't get Justin as a server... That is if he comes out from behind the counter from his hiding spot, service is not his concern!
3	The ice cream is delicious by far, and they have a huge selection of nondairy ice creams. I'm giving it 3 starsBecause they are understaffed. A huge line with only one person working on a Monday night in the summer. Bad idea.
5	The best in Wisconsin, and being the dairy state, that's saying a lot. The ice cream is a great consistency and there are so many creative flavors like cake batter fudge, zanziberry shortcake, and sh*t just got serious. Staff tends to be local kids which gives a nice friendly tone to the shop. They also sell fudge, candy, and other treats.  This is a must stop in Madison for some good ice cream!
2	Great ice cream but it's a Thursday night during the summer and there are 17 people waiting to be served. There is only 1 guy working! Poor guy! The owners are CHEAP for not having the proper staffing!!!! CHEAP CHEAP! CHEAP! And the ice cream is expensiveeeeeeeeeee!
2	The ice cream here is nothing special though they go to great lengths to convince your otherwise. After all, if your convinced your eating excellent ice cream then nothing your tastes buds are experiencing will tell you otherwise. This place is just normal ice cream. No standout flavors from the two separate locations I've been to.Instead, skip on down to the Michoacana on Odana rd (there may be other locations). That is a Mexican ice cream shop with tons of flavors you will have never sampled before along with a huge array of popsicles (also of a wide variety). Or just go to cold stone (or better yet go to the store and buy a whole container of ice cream for what is would cost for a couple scoops!)
