5	Awesome lady and great artist.  I love my twinkle toes!
5	Not only will you get the best pedicure twinkle toes here, you will laugh it up with Lisa. She is so entertaining, you leave feeling like you just made a new buddy.
4	This is the cutest salon!  Can't wait to get my pedicure, my daughter is begging me to take her, too!
4	Smudges is great! I went to Lisa for Twinkle Toes and I cannot say enough about how impressed I am with the way they turned out. She literally dumps glitter on your toes and then seals it in with gel that hardens under the UV light (just like gel nails or shellac).She told me it would last a few months and for the price I paid that is an absolute steal! I can't wait to go back and try more colors.
5	I'm hooked on Smudges! I have been going to Lisa to get sparkled up for almost 4 years now and will continue to do so. Her pedicures are the best and no one can twinkle your toes quite like she can! She offers awesome deals and recently added new services. Check it out-- You won't be disappointed!
5	I found Smudges through a Juice in the City deal and fell in love immediately. Lisa is such a character. The atmosphere is intimate and comfortable and decorated like a woman's version of a man-cave. As for the quality of her work, all I can say is that it is superb. She isn't kidding when she says those twinkle toes will stay on. I've had mine on since the end of September and the only reason why they've budged is because I've picked at them. She has what seems like a bazillion colors to choose from. I especially love the pineapple oil that she puts on at the end. For those who don't know, the twinkle toes is just the application of the gel/glitter, it does not include the foot soak/scrub/massage, which is decadent in itself. It's a must try and would recommend her services to everyone. Keep calm and glitter on Lisa :)
5	I had my nails done by Lisa for the first time today and I was not disappointed.  I am a pretty extreme nail biter and it was the first time someone didnt just try to glue tips to my nails that were bitten down halfway down the nail bed.  Instead she built a nail up with acrylic and they will grow out to look natural like my real nails.  Im very excited about how they look.  Lisa's place is so cute too!  Its a fun happy atmosphere.  Never going back to the cheapy nail salons.  You really do get what you pay for and to be honest, my nails werent that much more than Id pay for a full set at other places.
