5	I would go as often as possible! The staff is friendly, the food is delicious and reasonably priced, mango lassi excellent, and the atmosphere is great. Every time I've been there's been enjoyable Indian music in the background and just the right amount of crowd to say this place is worth spending some time with friends. There have been occasional mix ups with the order but everyone is human afterall.Oh! If you want separate bills- ask when you order. It's much smoother that way.
3	Decent lunch buffet.  Large selection, good price, but the food is a little on the bland side.  I remember thinking that the tandoori chicken was the only flavorful food I tried.  It's been about two years since my sister and I tried dining here, so I'll have to come back and give the food another try.I do love the furniture here... lots of dark engraved furniture and beautifully-colored fabric (at least, that's what I recall).  Made me think of the beautiful mahogany furniture I remember as a child living in the Philippines.
5	I was really sad when the Loop Grill closed, but now that I've tried Bombay Cuisine in it's place, I am happy!  The buffet food is fresh with many meat and vegetarian options, at least two kinds of rice, two soups and some kid friendly dishes with Indian spices.  I loved the food and some of the dishes were pretty spicy yet delicious.  There are also some 'Indian tapas' choices which I may try next time, but the buffet is inexpensive and worth every penny and more!
4	This location is on the Southeast corner of Park Road and Woodlawn next to the Starbucks.  There are three Bombay Cuisine's in town now, even though it doesn't currently say so on their website.You can order an entree but why do that in these hard economic times when they have an amazing buffet that includes a soda fountain drink!  There are four sections to the buffet which by far is the greatest value.  The chicken is nicely cut and the ground lamb and pea curry is rich and flavorful.  The Tandoori chicken which is bright red, isn't spicy at all but the curries all have varying degrees of hotness.  If you've never had Indian food before, this is probably the best place in Charlotte to try it.  You can sample 8 or 10 curries and they also have a little salad and some dessert items.  I can't even pronounce half the items on the menu but they taste fantastic.My only complaint is that sometimes the bread (naan) is fried, not baked, which makes for a much heavier meal.  When it's baked it's fantastic.  When it's fried it's just ok.  And sometimes the rice is a little undercooked (crunchy).  But overall a great, affordable addition to Charlotte restaurants.
3	Not a really great Indian restaurant by any means... Yeah... It's okay for kind of a no options and feeling hungry situation...
4	The location that was at Park and Woodlawn is closed already.  The WT Harris location is still going strong.
3	How do you write a review for a restaurant that has great food but had a cockroach looking bug on the wall right next to my head....??? So I am just going to put it out there: bugs... The food is amazing though. I had some burrito looking appetizer with chicken in it and the Butter Chicken as my entree. The garlic Na-an was some of the best I have ever had. They bake it in a wood fire stove so it has this pizza crust texture but is way softer and super garlicky. The service was ho-hum...I really don't think I will ever be back due to the little critter issue...I hope they figure that out, because the service is forgettable with the food being so good.
4	I prefer to go at lunch since it is a buffet and I can have a little of everything (plus fresh fruit for dessert). I went once for dinner but it was more expensive and took a long time. Good Indian food and a great value for lunch.
1	Restaurant is closed.
