3	It was good.  Pretty classic mexican family restaurant.
3	The service is not very good. They are nice, but very slow. Guacamole and the cheese dip were very good and huge. But we went on a Sunday for the $3.50 Sangria special and were told they were out. I tried to bargain to see if they could replace the sangria special with a margarita special and they said "No, we don't do that". I almost gave them 2 stars because of that, but the food is good.
4	This Mex restaurant is tucked away in a corner of a dark parking lot. The inside is nicely decorated with clay tiled comfortable booths I had the arroz and pollo and it was delicious. See my picture. I added a $4.25 margarita. It was a nice size with a good mix of alcohol and flavor. The staff was friendly and good.  I'd stop here again if in the area.
4	Quaint little spot tucked away in an unlikely shopping center behind a gas station. Very nicely decorated, clean and great service. The staff is very friendly and attentive. I highly recommend the shrimp burrito, and sopa de pollo!
5	Wow!  Go here. Really. Fajita plate is biggest I have ever seen. Very good food, and a great value for the price. Much better food, and more of it, than you get at a chain. Better atmosphere, too!  Great service. No complaints. We'll be back!
5	This place is our jam!  Recommended- fajitas!  We get the "For 2" option and always have leftovers!  It's also very reasonably priced- chicken for 2 for $18!The chips and salsa are yummy...if you like spicy they have 2 hot ones, but you have to ask for them.  :)Margaritas are weak but they always have a beer special!  Dos Equis....yum!
5	No complaints with the food or service here. The pile of veggies I got with the veg fajitas borderlined ridiculous, but they were so fresh and tasty I somehow managed to eat the entire skillet.Husband's tilapia/scallops/shrimp dish wasn't as healthy as he hoped. The bacon and butter sauce wasn't listed in the description. Regardless of the calories, the flavor and preparation were great. The scallops were tiny, but there was a lot of seafood on the plate for $12. The service was significantly above average. We never went without drinks and special requests were accommodated quickly.
5	Stopped here on a trip to Great Wolf Lodge with our two girls. Had the Mexican Buffett it was great. All food was fresh and they paid close attention to keeping the Buffett refilled w fresh authentic food. Great stop with great good and friendly efficient service.  Will def stop here again.  Great prices too!!
3	It's Mexican.  It's American.  I'm not doing a Fandango on the table, but I'm not complaining either.  The food and service is what you've come to expect from a Mexican restaurant in the Carolinas.I tried a few different dishes.  They're on par with the dishes at restaurants of the like.  It's worth a try.
5	This was a step up from the typical American Mexican food.  I had the shrimp and scallop fajitas.  Very good (not overcooked). Service was great as well.
5	Always fresh, always exceptional food. Wait staff is friendly and fun.  Value is terrific. We have been eating here for years and we never walk away with a complaint. Their sauces and spicing is spot in for North Americanized Mexican foods. We love the way they work with your order and the portion sizes are massive. Chips and salsa are super fresh. Drinks are made big and to order and because they are so busy always, everything is always amazingly fresh.
5	Great carnitas! Very tender, crispy char on the outside but juicy inside. I asked for their salsa verde to go with it and my nose was running and mouth was burning! What a great meal. Dos Equis on draft helped cool it down.
5	While staying in Concord to visit the Speedway, we stopped in for dinner. As we were staying at a hotel just down the street, it was convenient for us, because we didn't know our way around and it was simple to find, even though it is located in a shopping center. I love mole poblano, and not every "American" Mexican restaurant serves it. In fact, few do. Cinco de Mayo does serve it, and the mole sauce is excellent. It is one of the best moles I have ever eaten. Chips were hot and fresh, salsa was mild but very flavorful. Mom loved her chimi, too.Service was attentive and efficient, not at all "hover-ish". We were there on a Saturday night and although the place was busy, everyone seemed to be well-fed and enjoying themselves. Nobody looked as if they were waiting overly long for food or drink refills. We sure weren't.An excellent meal at a very reasonable price. If we're ever in the neighborhood again, we'll definitely stop by!
5	Great selection. Food flavor is amazing. The Fajita Texicana is awesome. Chicken soup is one of the best I've had at a Mexican restaurant. Service is friendly and fast.
5	By far my favorite Mexican restaurant in the Charlotte area! Service is great and food is phenomenal!
3	Pretty decent Mexican joint tucked back in a little strip mall.   Good drink specials and TV's playing football.  No complaints.  We want to try the lunch buffet some time....
2	Been to this place over 20x and this place has really gone down hill in most areas. It was once a 4-5 star restaurant and the food was great but I have noticed the pattern...
5	Best. Fish. Tacos. Ever!! Ask them for some of their homemade hot sauce, it's very hot and truly amazing! We stop here every time we're passing through Concord.
4	Food was delicious and reasonably priced. I had tacos and the Texas dip, I would definitely go back. The only reason I gave it 4 stars because the server could have been a little nicer.
5	Wow this place is delicious.  From southwest US and didn't expect this type of real Mexican food in the east!!!
