4	Friendly staff and I can shop with my pet. Doggie pet sitting lounge and fairly close to home
5	what can i say,i'm just so in love with this place,i was on vacation and needing a place that i can trust.i mean i trust other place too but just not enough for me to leave my dog the whole night with them.i live in los angeles but just cant wait to go back and go there again.Amazing pet Hotel,staffs were very helpful so i felt ok to leave.the groomer( Gaby) is the most amazing person,enthusiasm,sweet,lovely.i met her accidentally.she's willing to come to work for my dog on the day that she's not suppose to..how nice she is!!..and she left an amazing comment on the report about my dog too. i wasn't there but i felt like i was there at all time with my dog ,cuz they wrote the report about your dog when u were away..amazing idea.!!  i can see when i went to pick up my dog.he dint look depressed.he looks tired cuz he got to play all day with other dogs but u have to pay for doggie day camp,who wont?the hotel has 2 prices $25 for smaller room$35 for suite ( i dont really know what's a difference tho mayb the size of the room) but who cares.i feel bad enough to leave my dog all by himself without me so i'd rather pay a bit more expensive to give him a little more space.Plus $14 for doggie day camp.but i got there like in the afternoon so i got charge only $12...I saw my dog playing with others...i feel so happy and ready for the Strip ,u know! LOL Oh btw,doggie day camp starting at 9am-5pm i guess.if u wanna pick up your dog in the late afternoon u should pay another day for day camp cuz my dog dint get potty time cuz i pay just for the day i dropped him not for the next day.cuz i can see after checked out he cant wait to release it. plus grooming $40(cheaper than prices in L.A)..everything came out perfect timing.i spent the night in Strip,having fun,checking out,picking up my dog!! everybody was HAPPY! yeah great trip!P.s they have some kind of like hospital in there too.so no worries when u were away...it's such a full service place! LOVED IT LOVED IT!!
5	We are here in Las Vegas on business for 2 days.  Because we're traveling with our dog, we stayed at the Loews Lake Las Vegas (Loews Loves Pets).  Anyhow, we were wondering, what are we supposed to do with our dog for 7 hours, while we're at our appointments.  Loews offered to take her for a walk for the "reasonable fee" of $25/hour with a 4 hour minimum.  Now, I love my dog.  I take her everywhere.  She travels in style, and stays in the nicest hotels, but that is ridiculous!  So, we looked on Yelp, and found the Petsmart PetsHotel a few miles from where we are staying  We called at 7:30 pm the night before, to find out all we had to do was show her medical records, and fill out a few papers.For $18 she played all day long. Because she's medium sized, they put her with both the small dogs and the big dogs.  She's not prejudiced.  She loves all size dogs. I know she had the best time, because she came home exhausted. We paid an extra $11 for a bath, so in addition to played out, she came home sparkling clean!!
2	One of my dogs has allergies, which we combat by feeding her specific (grain and yeast free) food. I normally get this at another pet store, but this PetSmart is closer to my house and I was already in the area to run another errand, so I decided to see if PetSmart carries the food. I had walked the entire dog food part of the store, which is in the far back, and did not see the food sold. Not a single employee offered me assistance. So I left and went to the competitor that I usually shop at.Gave you a shot PetSmart, and both your selection and service let me down.
2	I come here looking to buy specific things, half the time I walk out empty handed. If I need help finding something I get to play a game of hide and go seek to find an employee. Or if I do find someone I get told more often than not: we don't carry that! (That should be their unofficial corporate motto!)But no review of PetSmart would be complete without mentioning their BanField clinic in the back. Avoid the clinic unless you like a SEVERE NASTY ATTITUDE coupled with absolutely CLUELESS help. Having grown up on a dairy farm in SW Missouri I'm no veterinarian but I do know a few things about animal health and products that work. So the last thing I need is some punk telling me yeah we carry that but you can't use it for what  you're trying to do. Yeah, shut your mouth, point me to what I want to buy, and just accept that I was being nice by telling you what I was going to do with the stuff. If I wanted you to "preach to me" about anything I'll meet you in church and you better have a bible in your hands. Again my experience seems to turn into something best described as SERIOUSLY FRUSTRATING almost every time I go back there to pick up something and have to ask because it's not intelligently put out on the shelves.... I've also had issues with the quality of their dog toys. Anything that says "Kong" on the label can be demolished by my mother in law's Tea Cup Yorkie in about 3 1/2 minutes. And I do mean ANYTHING. $70 worth of toys tried, all of them got trashed. And we won't even touch on other product quality issues found here, and to top it all off they are pricey. Sometimes you're in a hurry so speed / convenience trumps price, and when it does I get suckered into coming back to this store. And as I said I usually kick myself going out the door for being stupid and not driving somewhere else. The only reason they get the 2nd Star is once in a while they have stuff I need, and my 2 year old likes looking at the fish, the birds, and the kitty cats.
5	I am really shocked at the reviews I read!  Maybe it was because they were some time ago!? I've never had a problem with this location or the Banfield inside.  They carry the food I like and when there was a voluntary recall they had no problem with my bringing all the food back to exchange for another brand.  Shauna has been our puppy trainer for 3 classes so far and will be for our last class.  She is friendly, works with all the pups equally, and will help give you tips if you need them.  My puppy walks in and is so comfortable with the staff and store she could be their official greeter!  :o)
4	Love this place! Close and convenient! Staff is always nice!
5	I come here for numerous services. Anything I need for my dog, I get here. We get him groomed here on a regular basis and our dog is notorious with all the groomers. He HATES having his nails cut, which we learned when he was a puppy. They do a great job with him and somehow get his nails trimmed and grinded.Our dog has also stayed at the boarding pet hotel a couple times. They have always taken care of him!
4	I don't own a pet.Not even a fish.A friend of mine and I were running some errands today, and while we were in Target, she asked if we could pop over into PetSmart for gauze that she needed for her dog.First of all, I didn't even know that they made doggy gauze, purple paw print pattern and all. When you walk in, there is that over whelming smell of pet food/products. Something that I probably couldn't handle if I had just eaten lunch.They have some nifty things, little animal clothes designed by Brett Michaels. Burt's Bees products for your furry friend, and of course, furry friends.They had a chinchilla, guinea pigs, hamsters, rats, mice, a tortoise, some snakes, and lizards. My daughter was very impressed with the piggies. We didn't go back and look at the fish.There was an "adoption by" sign out front, but I guess we must have missed them...We think we might have seen them drive off when we pulled up.The groomers were busy with dogs, and there was also a doggy hotel that looked pretty fly. There was a member inside of their "doggie day camp" playing with about 7 or 8 dogs. All in all, if I had a pet, I'd probably come back.
5	Overnight stay for our dog - PetSmart on Lake Mead Pkwy in Henderson came through. Nice staff, $28 for the night, when I walked in to pay as I was being rung up the other associate brought him out on the leash - teamwork. Complete with a report card showing how much he ate, and two personal comments on his behavior - a nice touch.
2	We've used this location for the last time...When we picked up both our four legged babies, a cat and dog, both of them were a wreck!Let's start with my dog. He's a miniature eski. He's super friendly by nature... He's NEVER had a kennel issue in his 8 years. Yet, when we saw him, his nose was bloody on the top snout. We paid for the doggie suite and play time. He doesn't do that. He's never done this at any other kennel. My cat is a calico. I've raised her since a kitten, she's 14 years old. Her gums were worn raw and she has some kind of orange-red stain on her chin fur.I've heard of pets self hurting themselves if left completely alone for extended periods of time, but we were assured they'd get full attention. Bull.The checkin was great, but the two guys at checkout were less than enthused about our concerns.Done.
5	Love this place the employees always greet me when I.come in and ask if I.need help I mostly.go there for pethotel I leave my yorkshire terrier Lillie there when I go to work from 1130-830 and at first I was nervous but when I noticed she seemed ok and happy when I pick her up I felt good about leaving her. At first when she enters the doggy play area all the dog hover and smell her but after a while they let her be and she becomes part of the pack. the front staff is friendly and get to know her as well the hours are convenient for my schedule also they do play time and around 5 they crate them for rest and feed them as well if u Leave food. The price is 15 for. Or 18 for the day and the cutest thoughtful part is when u pick ur dog up they give u a report card on how she did thru the day and who she played with
1	My in-laws live in Henderson.  We visit them a couple of times a year.  Before we leave back to Los Angeles, we like to have our dogs washed so the kids don't get all sneezy on the ride home.  We usually go to this PetSmart before we leave possibly once or twice a year.This Thanksgiving, 2014, we called to get the dogs washed, but they had no record of us.  What?  They suggested we had been to a different PetSmart.  No, we were sure.  I looked up the last receipt on Quicken.  So, they looked up the dogs via the Simi Valley Zip Code in Southern California.  But wait, they claimed our vaccinations at that store were out of date.  Really?  Simi Valley PetSmart didn't complain last time we visited them.  Curious.Eventually, it become obvious this PetSmart didn't want our business.  I almost felt like they were waiting for me to beg to get the dogs washed.  So I simply explained my disappointment, said thank you, and hung up.  I immediately called 4 other groomers locally in Henderson (all closer than PetSmart to my in-laws).  ALL were more than happy to take the dogs for a wash, no other questions.My complaint, I was a customer of this and other PetSmart.  Why road block me?  I own a Lhasa Apso and Maltese.
