4	I have been going to this nail salon since 1999.  I have tried other nail salons but none of them compare to the quality of service you will receive at Paradise.  The detail and effort they put into your nails/feet/eyebrows, etc. is just fabulous.Everyone in the place is always nice and make you feel comfortable.  I have never waited over 10 minutes for any kind of service.  If you make an appointment, you get seen at the right time, not 20 minutes later.
4	What can make a long and frustrating day better (other than a lot of liquor)?  Treating yourself to a mani/pedi!  Not knowing where to go, I simply selected the first place I saw on my route home that looked open.  Lucky me - I ended up at Paradise Nails!  I knew I was in the right place when I came in the door - they use quality Opi products and the salon is very clean.  The pedicure was one of the best I have ever had, complete with a nice long relaxing foot/leg massage.  I walked in tired and cranky, and walked out feeling like a million bucks (for only $31 + tip)!  I will definitely be back!!
4	The first time I walked into Paradise Nails, I was looking for a quick mani/pedi close to my house and when I first walked in, I was impressed by how spacious and clean the place looked.  The price for a mani/pedi is reasonable- $31 + tip- before I started, I mentioned a coupon that I had but forgot to bring for a mani/pedi for $26 and the owner happened to be working that day and he honored that price even though I didn't have the coupon in hand- I thought that was very cool.The staff that works there really know how to take care of you- I walked out of there an hour later feeling de-stressed and relaxed.  And I am not sure what kind of top coat they use but my Opi nail polish stayed on my finger nails and toe nails for over 3 weeks.  No chips!I've been back there for a second visit and got the same great service again.  Right now as I am typing, I am one happy camper since my finger nails and toe nails look great and I know that the mani/pedi will last for awhile!Definitely a place worth checking out if you live in the neighborhood!
3	Pedicures are one of my favorite indulgences, and Paradise Nails is usually a great spot for one.  They have a great paint color selection, super comfy chairs and a killer massage that lasts much longer than many other places.  Extra points for not pressuring me to use cash - I never seem to have any!  Unfortunately, this last time, I realized that a long black hair has been mixed into my big toenail polish! Gross!  I think that is definitely something that my technician should have noticed while finishing up.  Things like that really bother me, and I can't get it out unless I removed the polish. Ugh!  Next time, I'll take the time to check the paint job before walking out the door.
4	I have been jumping from nail salon to nail salon and I have yet to find one I truly like.  My friend refered me here and I have to say, I really like it.  I never have to wait, they do a great job on my pedicure and they have the Shelac nail polish that stays on for two weeks without chipping.  Not only do they have it though, they know how to apply it so that it really does stay put.  The staff is friendly, the shop is clean and the prices are very reasonable.  I have definitely found a new nail place.
5	Before nursing school, I used to have pampered nails. Now I bite them before tests, break them opening pill bottles, and hold the polish as a means of infection control.The minute my semester was over, I went for a mani/pedi. I feel ASLEEP in the massage chair. (Thankfully it was later in the day and not that many people were there to witness this)So, I've been coming to see Mei here at Paradise Nails off and on for around 5 years. She just went ahead and let me sleep, she figured I needed it. I figure they need 5 stars.Oh, and you'd never know I'm in nursing by looking at my hands now. Bam!
5	I love this place.I just went this (late afternoon)- on a Sunday, thought they closed a 6, but they closed at 5pm. No matter, they took me anyway.  At 4:50, I felt kinda guilty, but they were very nice about it.A relaxed, luxurious pedicure was followed with a Shellac manicure.  They do an excellent job with both- and I appreciated not getting rushed because they were there far after normal closing (there were several clients there).  Friendly employees, clean environment, two really nice LCD TVs on walls.  Their massage chairs are in good repair and have a million features. Very thorough, careful work.  Nail trimming and shaping excellent, the whole experience was great.  Excellent callous removal work on the feet. Nice massage on legs, feet, hands, and arms.If you haven't done Shellac, it's a must-do for your hands.  That stuff stays on forever, and keeps your nails from breaking, if you are prone.  Looks good for weeks.If you need a nail place in North Phoenix, I highly recommend Paradise Nails.
3	Meh. Nothing really special or different about Paradise Nails. I came with hubs and we both got pedicures, which made for a pretty entertaining afternoon. :). The massage chairs here are GREAT! They have tons of settings and seem to be a newer model. The water for the pedicure almost burned my feet off! YEOW! The Pedicure was "fine". I could have done a better job at home. It was pretty basic and my heels were still rough right upon leaving. The polish chipped within 3 days. The products seemed low quality and they didn't even offer any extra types of add ons to improve the overall Pedicure.Oh well. We won't be back, but it was fun to go together and at least enjoy the massage chairs. There are better places in the area quality-wise, so I would try those out instead.
4	I had a great experience here and will definitely be back. I have had some lackluster experiences lately and decided to try something new. The atmosphere is nothing special, the only reason they got 4 stars instead of 5- it is your run of the mill nail salon, but my nail tools were taken out of an autoclave in plain view- big points for that. The service was friendly and the prices are very fair- I was excited to try shellac on my nails for the first time and was very pleased with both the polish job on my toesies and the shellac on my fingers. Twan did an incredible job- I can't remember a time in the past when my mani/pedi was treated like anything other than a rush job to get me out the door and the next person in my chair. Twan took the time to do a quality job and it shows. I definitely recommend Paradise and will be back soon.
4	Nail salons are a dime a dozen. This one happens to be the closest to my home and is among the best nearby. I am sticking with them. They do a consistently great job at a low price. I request John or Twan for my nails when I have time to make an appointment. They could work a little on their cleanliness. I agree with another reviewer that they appear to be using their waxing room as a napping area / breakroom for employees.
1	This is long, the moral of the story is skip this place for sure, and go somewhere-anywhere-else. My sister goes to this place every once in a while for a polish change, so when I was thinking about getting a manicure for myself I decided to come here. I never get my nails done because I can rarely afford it, so this was supposed to be a nice treat. I walked in and was greeted and I was told they could take me immediately. So I quickly chose my polish colors (I was in a bit of a hurry) and waited for them to seat me. It took about 10 minutes for someone to take me to a station. I told my nail technician that I only had about a half hour for the manicure, and she said that would be no problem. An hour later they told me that my nails were dry and I was ready to go. Since it took twice as long as they originally said, I had to rush home and change for an event. After changing, I got in my car and glanced down at my nails, only to see that each one was smudged, some nails had the polished completely wiped off. Frustrated, the next day I went in to have the polish re-done. One of the women who works there, an older lady, glanced at my nails and said that she didn't see anything wrong with them. Then when I pointed out all of the smudges, I was told that they were "too busy" and to come back in an hour. Well, they closed in less than an hour. I went to run one errand and came back about a half an hour and the same woman (the older lady) was rude again to me. I asked to speak with the owner, who I stepped outside with and explained my situation. She apologetically took me back in the store and set me up with my nail technician from the day before. This time she did a shellack manicure since it dries faster. When it came time for the top coat, the owner came over to do it her self. She snidely remarked that I was too impatient the day before and left before it was dry, which is not true. The fact that she had the nerve to say anything to me after the way I was treated the first two times was shocking. After my shellack dried, I left. The shellack manicure lasted 3 days, even with good upkeep (I put a clear coat on it and I am never very hard on my nails). Moral of the story, this is a horrible place to have your nails done. Skip this place and go somewhere with better service!!
5	I've been coming to Paradise Nails since it has opened. I get my eyebrows done here regularly and what a fantastic job. I've never had an issue. Sometimes the wait is a little long, and their prices have gone up a bit for other services, but I will continue to come here for my eyebrows.
1	Just don't buy any gift certificates at this place.  I went there for about 7 years.  Each year my husband would buy 12 gift certificates.  Sometimes I would not get there every month and that was fine with the previous owner if I went over the expiration date.  Not so with new owner.  Older lady that works there came running out after me and I have never been back!!  Even wrote the owner a letter which was never acknowledged.  They lost me as a customer plus my daughter and granddaughter. Too many other great places who want me to keep coming back.
1	Won't go back. Horrible customer service. Made an appointment with friends. They took a walk-in after we had checked in for our appointment. Two of the three of us got pedicures, while one waited.  Rude.
3	My fave place to get a quick mani-pedi. Can  get busy and the wait gets a little long, but they are great about making and keeping appts.
4	I've been here several times and they always do a good job.  It's really close to where I live and I like that.  Definitely recommend this place.  I've only had the guy that sits at the front do my nails so I don't know about the rest of the staff but he's great.
4	I have been coming here on and off for a few years.  I will only have May do my eyebrows - she's great!  They always look good even when I go too long without a wax!  I recently let her do my nails.  I never have them done because I leave them very short for typing.  But she did a great job and I think I will keep them!
4	Great service
5	First time here & May was wonderful! I showed her a picture that I found on Pinterest and walked out with exactly that. She took her time and I will definitely be back!!
5	Still a regular. There are many nail places in the valley but this is the one for me.  I can always expect superior service and attention to detail from friendly folks.  My mother lives 9 miles away and this is her nail place too.  That is saying a lot!
4	I just started to go here and they are great! They are very detailed and I can always get an appointment! Pedi's are my favorite! Definitely worth keep coming back.
5	This is my favorite nail salon in Phoenix.  I can't say enough good things about them.  They are great at customer service, all of their techs do a great job, and they are less expensive than any other place I've been to in 10 years.  If they aren't busy, one tech will do your mani while another does your pedi and you are in and out of there in no time.  The owner is really nice, too.  I was even in a pinch once and they let my two year old daughter run around while a got a quick manicure.  I'm a regular.
