5	Anything shiny grabs my attention immediately. I easily get distracted in Jared's. I went in to repair a bracelet I purchased over a year ago and I found myself lusting over case after case of jewelry.Jared's offers great customer service. I purchased a couple items from one of their stores in Arizona and the location here was more than willing to help repair without charge. In both locations I've encountered very nice sales staff.You cannot go wrong with buying me something at this store!
4	Popped in for a shiny bauble for Mrs. K. who deserves it for putting up with me and all of my nonsense. I take pictures of my food. I have to check-in at restaurants on my phone instead of talking with her. I mean, I'm a serious amount of work, you know!The girl who helped me pick out what I wanted gave great service. I simply gave her an idea of how much I wanted to spend and what I wanted. She knew exactly which counter to head to. And yes, not everything here is a million dollars. There are inexpensive items.Note: When you specify a price range, you'll want to add some windage for the service plan. It's not cheap.
5	I've been in this store around 5 times in the past few months to pick out, personalize, and buy and engagement ring. The staff there are so friendly - and not in a fake, I just want your money friendly, but actually seemed to care about me as a customer. By the time the process was finished I was thrilled with my ring choice, and felt great about buying from this store. I would highly recommend going there for any jewelry purchases.
4	Review #1500!I had to wait a while to write this review because this is where I ended up buying my fiancee's engagement ring.I was in town for some training and staying at a hotel down the street so I thought I would check out what the US jewelry stores had to offer. After a couple minutes of browsing I was greeted and asked what I was looking for. She gave me a rundown of the basics about the store and their offerings of engagement rings. Then we got right into it. My fiancee had been pinning designs that she liked so I pulled up that list to help narrow things down. Once we had gone through all of the display cases I narrowed it down to four rings. We skipped past the pitch about diamonds as I had already heard it many times at other jewelry stores. Finally I grabbed all of the information on the four rings to be pleasantly surprised that the one I liked the best and the one I thought my fiancee would like was significantly discounted because it had been discontinued. I went back to my hotel to upload the options to the fiancee's Pinterest board and to do some research. After poking around on different websites and asking some sneaky questions to my fiancee I decided to go back and purchase the Neil Lane ring that had been discontinued. It turns out that there was almost the exact same ring still in production which was full price so I knew I'd be kicking myself later if I didn't snag this deal.Upon returning to the store a few hours later, the staff member I was dealing with earlier was busy so I had a look around to see if I could find something to bring back for my lady as a gift that would throw her off the trail of me looking at rings.During the purchase process I was informed that I would be getting a bunch of their reward points. This was perfect as I wanted to get something else for her, but the catch was that the points could only be used on certain designer brands. After looking at these, there was nothing that was in the price range that I wanted to spend on after the amount I spent on the ring. Later on in my trip I went to a different mall and bought her a Coach purse.Overall I had a great experience here. The sales staff were very helpful and informative and went above and beyond to help me out in finding the right ring.
2	Quickly losing stars. Nickle and dime you. Not a fan.Hubs went shopping for some sparkle and shine for me. He did very well! He mentioned that once he picked out the earrings he was told that there is an extra charge for the earring posts. What?! How do the posts not come with the earrings (especially when you throw down a lot of Benjamins to begin with)? That is just crazy. Next, the necklace he gave me as a gift was a tad too long. So I went in and had the receipt and asked to exchange the chain for a shorter one. The employee then proceeded to tell me that I would have to drop it off, they would have it the following day, and there would be a charge to shorten it. What?! Paying for a gift given to you is nuts. That's most of a jeweler's business...sweethearts buying for their sweetheart as a surprise and they won't always get the size right.In any case, thankfully the two employees that my husband worked with when he was in and the other that helped me when I was there worked with us to comp the earring posts and got my chain corrected that same moment at no charge. The employees and jewelry itself saved this review from being a 1 star.Needless to say, after these recent experiences I'm even more inclined to take my business to the local mom & pops jewelers. I don't appreciate the extra fees and hassle that seems to be part of the process with this company. Jared's has gotten too big and too corporate and lost its focus on building relationships and loyalty with customers. I don't remember Jared's being like this in the past, but I heard they purchased Zales and a lot has changed. Too bad, Jared's. Your jewelry is gorgeous and employees are kind, but the shopping experience you create for the buyer has lost its charm and is now tainted in my book.
