4	Great inexpensive Mexican food in the Sun City AZ area.  You have to try the Green Chili Burro Enchilada style.
4	Wow, for the price and quality, I am hooked.  In town visiting my mom-in-law and was out running some errands.  So I treated her for lunch.  We both had tostada a la carte.  I had the beef and bean and she had the bean.  It came loaded with lettuce and tomato...My lunch was really flavorful.  The beef is nicely marinated.  I also had the chicken taco and it was just perfect.  Both were served and it was nice and hot when it came out to us.  I love that!  My pet peeve is hot food coming out warm or room temp!  Thank you Nino's!   Have told my husband, so...we will stop by one more time before heading back to the OC.
4	Cheap prices. Fast service.
1	Store-bought corn chips, weak salsa, soggy beef and bean tostada, a very non-crispy crispy chicken taco, and an okay tasting margarita on the rocks that was 3/4 crushed ice...am I in Arizona?
5	Have eaten here since I was in high school. I have visited Phoenix with the primary purpose of eating here and I always stop by when I'm in town (which is hard because they are not open on Sunday and close early because they are in Sun City where  a late dinner is 5:30). The locations is not even close (40+ min) to where I usually stay. Worth it.I love their chips (when warmed) and SALSA. Definitely one my favorite restaurant salsas (and I've tried a ton all over Phoenix, San Diego, and LA trying to find something as good. Very rare). I could drink that stuff.I usually get the crispy chicken tacos, bean tostada, and bean and cheese burrito. I don't know what they do to their tortillas, but it makes the burrito so good. The crispy tortillas of the tacos and tostada are also excellent. I love the chicken they have in the tacos. Not to greasy or saucy, white meat, very good. Eat the tacos/tostadas right away! They tend to get soggy if you wait long. If they do, I would request another, because the servers are wonderfully nice and wouldn't want you to have a bad experience anyway. Plus, the tacos are amazing if still crispy.
5	I have been eating here for a long time there food is always good. Everyone treats you like family. Prices are good the only real down falls are the close early and are not open on Sundays. But there nothing wrong with being closed on Sunday also they do NOT take credit or debit cards only cash and checks.
5	I moved from Tucson 4 years ago, and was extremely homesick for authentic Mexican food when my best friend suggested we go to Nino's--that was 2 years ago.  Ever since then, we have been going about once a week.  They are the most affordable family restaurant around. The staff treats us like family, and the know our order the moment we walk in. I am grateful to have a place I can go to where I feel like family!  We love Ninos!
5	As always, I love Nino's.  Last night my friends and I went to celebrate my 24th birthday.  The girls there gave me extra guacamole and a cheese quesadilla just because.  Then brought me a rose and bought a cake for us to share and sang us happy birthday.  I literally couldn't have felt more loved.  They treat us like family every time we are there and their food is beyond amazing.  Thank you and love you guys!!!
3	Good neighborhood spot.  Service is fast and friendly.  They serve a mild and a not-so-mild salsa which is tasty.  I ordered a soft shell chickent taco which was more of an enchilada but pretty tasty.  Also enjoyed a glass of chardonnay which was very reasonably priced.  The decor is bright and cheerful.Good place to stop in for a quick lunch or dinner.  It is tiny and it does fill up.
5	Great service here at Nino's.
3	Great green chilli burro enchilada style...like traditional Mexican food here 50 years ago--and you can get it in a mini version, which is a normal portion. Very disappointed in the ground beef taco--meat blah, and a preformed taco shell that tasted like the boxed ones from the grocery store. A plus is a cold glass that was served alongside the cold bottle of beer. Mini cheese crisp was great ans shareable for 2.
3	A nice place to have a lunch and get away.The staff and atmosphere at Nino's is friendly and inviting. This is a calm place to have lunch, not a noisy place, mostly due to the customers and location (Sun City).I have eaten here a few times and its worth the stop off, but it's not worth going out of your way for. Another reviewer said it best  - this is old people mexican food. The salsa lacks kick, but still has good taste. All of the food I have tried is nothing special at all and the Mexican Pizza was depressingly bland and greasy. The one shining star here is their cheese enchilada. There is just something about the quality and flavor put into the filling that surpasses more well known places.Give them a shot if you are in the area and want to try something new. It's nowhere near 5 star quality or even 4. Unfortunately service alone can not make a restaurant for me. Food quality needs to be original and superb and this just averages out.This is a place I will go back to, just to explore the menu and hopefully find another hidden gem in the menu.
5	Being a valley native I have had my share of Mexican food. Sonoran is my fav and this little place does it up right. Great service and excellent red chili
4	Consistently good, fast friendly service.  Great daily specials.  Love to support the little guy.  Heads up...they only except cash or check, no cards...
5	Love Ninos!! We visit family every Thanksgiving and we visit Ninos at least twice while we are here. Probably our favorite Mexican restaurant including the ones at home in CA!!!
1	Food was not good. Wife said the chicken tacos tasted horrible. Cheese enchilada tasted like dirt. The bean burrito was ok but I had them add sour cream and guacamole.  The prices were way too high for this low quality of food. I should have known better than to eat here when i saw they don't accept credit cards.  When an owner is too cheap to pay visa/MasterCard 2% of a transaction, you know they are going to be cheap with the food quality too.
5	Warning - the food and salsa MAY seem bland to you, unless you customize your order.  But if you have a special diet they will take care of you.   And the portions are Huge!They add very little (if any?) spices / salt but have them handy for you.  Ask for it hot/spicy or ask for hot sauce or HOT salsa if you want to customize. Don't feel guilty about adding salt even to the hot salsa.  Normally salsa at a Mexican restaurant is WAY too salty for me but I add salt here.  Only place i know that doesn't make me feel like a goof for asking for my chicken chimi with no beans.  Yum!
3	Passing through the area on a road trip and chose this place due to the number of stars on yelp. I quickly learned this restaurant and area is home to older folks, but the food was overall alright. Only choices of meat was ground beef, shredded beef, or shredded chicken. The chicken burrito enchilada style only had chicken in it. Basically the same thing as the chicken enchilada; the only difference being one used a flour tortilla and the other used corn tortillas. The service was good, the food was edible, and the environment is very nice and quiet. 4 stars? Maybe for this area, but not compared to all the other restaurants I've been to.
5	I love Ninos......I feel it's authentic Mexican and I am hooked on their Chili Relanos.  I stop for lunch every chance I get.
1	We decided to try this place because of the amount of good stars and reviews......BIG MISTAKE! When we arrived, it was 45 min until their closing time. There were only 2 other couples besides us in the place. Like someone else mentioned, the salsa was very bland. When we got our food, we had to constantly blow on it because it was piping HOT! It was almost as if they took the whole plate and put it in the oven to cook. My tongue had a burning sensation for a whole week. I had the chicken tacos and they were ok (nothing to brag about). I also didn't like that you had to use cash instead of paying with any method of payment you wanted. The staff was pretty nice, but I won't ever return to this place.
4	This place is Good Mexican food!  Love the Taco Salad. My husband had the Chili Relleno, Enchilada, rice and beans. It was REALLY good too!!!  Yummy  Yummy Yummy
2	Bottom line: Nino's is nothing special.  We have been here twice, trying various dishes and have yet to find anything exciting.  The salsa is served in old fashion carafes, and just doesn't have any kick.  I expect more from a neighborhood taco shop.  Lastly, the service is slow and not nearly friendly enough.  I would go so far as to say that the server was annoyed that they were busy, an odd attitude for a restaurant!
5	I have been going to Ninos for about 12yrs off and on. Surprised it took this long to write a review. I've learned when it comes to Mexican food, different things matter more to some people than others. I've seen people judge a restaurant based off their rice and beans (really!?!)Ninos is a wonderful and small family owned business. They are busy most days and for good reason, the food and service is great. Their family knows mine now and are always so friendly when we come. They will take care of whatever you need, I have never had anything I didn't love off their menu from simple tacos to chimis. I think their ground beef is exceptionally flavored and tastes great. I love their chips and salsa. The salsa is a puree style, not the chunky like some people prefer. They do make a delicious guacamole too, just straight fresh avocados. That's why it is so good though, not processed or premade stuff. The building/suite it is in may be a little old as well as much of the clientele, but it is a very comfortable and affordable family meal. WARNING though, last I paid attention they only accepted cash or checks.
