4	Tucked away in Downtown Chandler, this new restaurant (open just two weeks as of the time I visited) is just getting started, but is already showing some fantastic promise.  I got the Red Curry (with beef), which was as tasty as I've found at any local Thai place.  My wife had the Orange Chicken which she really enjoyed as well.  (Our 2-year-old had macaroni and french fries; not much to comment on there, but I'm glad they had kid-friendly options!)The interior itself is really great. Exposed brick, bold colors, antique decor, and carefully-chosen ornaments give it an Asian flavor while honoring the building's history.  I was glad to see that it wasn't the usual cheesy Asian decor found in a lot of restaurants.We really enjoyed our time there, and I hope this restaurant gets a lot more attention as word gets around. Definitely worth checking it out.
5	Great atmosphere.  Hilarious menu text.  This place has real character and fantastic food to match.  The back patio is fabulous.
2	Ate here, nice joint, low key place to just chill and hang out....but the food wasnt very good. Most of the dishes we ordered were not very tasty.Spice level was high--but other flavors were lacking.
2	Not impressed at all. This place was empty on a Friday evening and there is a reason. The decor is cool, but everything else is lacking. I ordered the "Dumps" dumplings, that were deep fried and store bought) and I felt sick the rest of the night. Next...
1	I originally thought this place would be a great weekend hangout. Went once and it was pretty good, went again and we sat for 15 minutes being ignored by multiple staff while they meandered around straightening table cloths and chatting. We tried to get their attention to no avail. We gave up and went somewhere else.
4	I gave it an extra star for being that funky in downtown Chandler.We just had #evfn here last night. The on-staff crew gets a gold star for making accommodations for our big group. The original plan was for us to be on the back patio -- which looks friggin awesome -- but the Phoenix Winter Storm '10 forced them to wedge us inside. It all worked out quite well at the end.I wasn't super hungry, so I had the Pho. Tasty. And with all the trimmings. Sheila enjoyed the sushi, both rolls that she said were good and sashimi which isn't her normal fare. And I assume her dirty, dirty, dirty martinis were good simply on the sheer volume she consumed. Good thing I stuck to club soda and drove her home.This seems a perfect date and small group place. Plenty of nooks and crannies to lose yourself in. And the wait-staff gets high marks. We had a single server who did a great job with our crowd of about 30. Looking around the joint, plenty of other servers were hustling from table to table, and I didn't see anyone waiting long for checks and food beyond what you might expect for our group.Well done, Siracha. We'll have to try another #evfn there in the spring and enjoy your patio.
1	The decor was nice... that's all.My friends went here a couple weeks ago and gave praises to the food, atmosphere, and reverse happy-hour on Saturday. They wanted to go again this last Friday and I came along.The atmosphere is really nice. I could imagine this being our new place to hang out for dinner and drinks. The menu was also very cleverly worded and reasonably priced. Unfortunately, I never got a chance to try anything.We were the only table seated. There were a few people at the bar, in the karaoke room, and on the couches near the front. The dining area was basically empty. Our group of 4 was seated and we received our menus very quickly, but were then ignored for the next 15 minutes as the wait staff meandered around moving tables and repeatedly wiping them off. We're a patient bunch, but not with an empty dining room.We all agreed to just get up and leave. I doubt we will be coming back.
4	Stumbled upon this place when we went to fabulous downtown chandler on a whim. Had some cool chill mood music playing that we heard from the sidewalk. Very cool place. We sat on the back patio, which was great. It kind of had a California vibe to it, with the ambience of "Tao" in Las Vegas. We like the exposed brick look outside.  Our server Matt, was very helpful. A great place to hang out at although the night we went, it was slow. The cucumber Margarita was awesome. Went safe on the menu with the pepper steak. It was straight forward with simple flavors and just enough heat.  They also had a private karaoke room. Will definitely will be going back with "the gang".
4	This is a secret little place in downtown Chandler! It's Saturday night and has a great crowd, great music not so loud that you can't hear your friends! Perfect! The bartenders are friendly and provide generous pours! Don't miss out on this great little place!!! Check it out!
4	Very Sad to say, that it seems Siracha has closed for the time being. The windows are papered up & a note on the door says closed for two months. SAD.
4	This place is back open after a run in with the liquor board. I gave 4 stars on the condition that you go on Saturday night for happy hour.. 10pm-12am. Most appetizers (a small portion) are $1 and most drinks are half price.. Get the chilly willy.. trust me. YUM! The only app not included in happy hour are the Monkey Balls, which are listed as a salmon, cream cheese, coconut puff.. 6 big, two bite pieces for $8. Get them anyway.. We had five drinks, four $1 apps and the full price monkey balls and our total bill was $32. The thing that bumps it up to four stars is the decor.. Sooo cool.. We got there a bit early and were able to snag one of the leather loungy chair areas..I hear there's a cool patio, but we dont smoke so we've never been there.
5	I'm hangin' around downtown Chandler more for some reason and this place always brings me back.  I dig it!  Food is pretty good and so are their sushi.  They have an entertaining menu and their drinks specials during happy hour is awesome.  I LOVE their decor...!  Asian art and old city loft feel.  They have a nice patio out back with an open bar and fire pit.  Every now and then they have a live band or DJ.  Karaoke much?  Well this place has their own private room which you can reserve and it's not over priced like most places I've been to around the valley.  Staff here are always friendly and nice.  This place gets my thumbs way up! :)
4	Loved the atmosphere of this restaurant, very sleek, elegant, young. They serve some mean sushi, extremely tasty, as well as the martinis we ordered. We came with the http://phoenixfridaynight.com group.Waitress was friendly and helpful, however, felt slightly lead astray by her because she knew it was our first time dining there and she allowed us to order 2x as much food as we needed because we didn't understand how many sushi rolls were with each order. However, we had lots of leftovers!The restaurant is great, I have already had 10 Facebook friends ask about it and I am very positive, especially because it's downtown Chandler
3	Love the downtown Chandler location, love the funky atmosphere... but the food is just "a-ok" and the service has been less than awesome 2 of the 3 times I have been here. As far as the food goes, I've had the california rolls, orange chicken, and chicken fried rice. The california rolls were rolled very poorly - they were falling apart and the two end pieces had the seaweed sticking out with very little of the "meat" of the roll. The orange chicken was okay- nothing to write home about. And the chicken fried rice had huge chunks of bland chicken and very little rice (I had to ask for an extra bowl of white rice, which I dowsed with soy sauce to get the chicken down). As far as the service goes, one of the blond servers was fantastic- very attentive, my water glass was always full (which is a huge plus in a Phoenix summer). But, the other two girls who were both brunettes, seemed to hide in the back. We'd often look around for her when we were ready to order, ready for refills, needed extra silverware, etc and they'd be nowhere to be found. Maybe the back of Siracha is super fun too! :-PI'm sure I'll keep going back, mostly because of the location, but I'd love to see them get some new staff and maybe a couple new menu items.
3	The happy hour prices are EXCELLENT and the food is great! I really enjoyed my experience here and I will definitely return.
3	Overall this place has above average food. Orange Chicken is excellent and definitely the best dish we had. I do want to go back to try the ceviche ... they had several styles that all sounded good.They need to update their web site with a phone # and operating hours and a current menu...and put the phone # and hours on the front door too!Service: 1/5 HORRIBLE. It was not so much the server, though she was slow, brought out 1 dish 15 minutes before the others were ready (table of 4 people) but the cooking is so slow I thought they were flying to Thailand to actually get each dish and bring it back by rickshaw!Decor: The decor is modern and night club / bar like. It is alright but nothing specialFood Quality: 3.5/5  above averageFood Flavor: varied from 3 (average) to 5 (Orange chicken)
4	Hmmm.Okay - dusting off some of the cobwebs in my head to remember the experiences I've had at Siracha.  I have been there on 3 or 4 occasions - so let me say up front that its definitely worth checking out.I am a fan of the old town Chandler district that this place is located in. Tons of new bars, hang outs and restaurants.  Back to Siracha...The happy hour is pretty sweet. You can get a wide variety of sushi, which is pretty darn good (better than Sushi Eye up the block). The strange thing is...everytime I go there, I get this weird awkward feeling when you walk in the door. Its like you feel like you might have to cook the food yourself and even pour your own brew/martini.HOWEVER, once sat, every waitress we have had (my wife and I, friends and I) has been good. The FOOD here is pretty inexpensive and with that - pretty decent quality.  The menu is somewhat limited, probably to keep costs down as they build clientele. They have a HUGE outdoor patio that could use a bit of design, to help make it "the spot to be" at the restaurant. Come winter time, I'm sure there will be more people seated out there.At one time, they had an issue with their liquor license and were closed. Evidently, they got the issue corrected and bounced back to reopen.I'm a fan of this place and love their new Korean tacos. Dayum - thems is good.HH or a nice dinner are always a good choice here.
2	Siracha was a disappointment. The happy hour $1 specials (edamame, spring rolls, gyoza dumplings) were probably the best part of the meal. The sushi looked drab and clearly had been prepared well in advance. The biggest disappointment, though, was the red curry. My wife is from Thailand and we make this often, and trust me, it's pretty hard to mess up. The flavors of SE Asian cuisine should be a balance of hot, sour, salty, and sweet. In this case, we got a hint of heat, but not much else. It tasted as if they'd taken a bit of red curry paste, added coconut milk, threw in some chicken, and called it a day. It had none of the fresh vibrant flavors that wake up a great Thai curry.Just to echo previous comments, the service is slow and inattentive (despite having only two tables occupied; the other table became irate and were offered free drinks). So this place is okay for happy hour, but don't expect anything special. And be in a patient state of mind when you arrive, perhaps recite the mantra of compassion while you wait for your drinks.
4	Awesome ceviche... Gave it a 4 because the service needs help. Otherwise I'll be back!,,,
5	Great time here. Went hoppin' along all the places on that Chandler corridor: Sushi Eye, Murphy's, San Tan and Siracha. Bellied up to the sushi bar and was greeted by a smiling chef VJ. Really nice guy and later we discovered was the owner. Great conversation and great food. We had a few happy hour items. We had a couple orders of dumplings that were accompanied by an incredibly tasting sauce. Edamama is edamame but it was served pipping hot and steamed just right - I don't like over cooked beans. We also had a double order of spicy tuna rolls that were out of this world. I'll go back just for that! Kirin Light saki bombs rounded off a great experience. Thanks VJ! Great place. Look forward to checking out the patio seat too.
1	On Monday I tried to stop here for a late lunch/ early dinner (about 3:45pm) and they were closed. The hours on the door clearly indicated that they should be open during this time, but no... the doors were locked with no explanation. This is a bit odd and makes me wonder about the management and service. I have been here once before in early 2010, I wasn't all that impressed but figured I'd give it another try.  Oh well. Also, why do they not have a phone number or business hours listed on the website?Go figure.
