1	I would highly recommend not living here.  The staff is terribly with contact and ignores its residents.  The complex is brand new as of 2011 and the maintenance staff is letting is go quickly--from not keeping freon in the a/c units to ignoring repair requests for leaks to simply marking maintenance requests as completed.  The management does not seem to be concerned with training the staff whatsoever.  Natalie was especially difficult to work with and very forgetful.  If you're looking for a nice place to live, cross this one off your list before you end up with all these headaches.
1	DO NOT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES MOVE IN HERE!I'm a US Air Force member stationed at Nellis AFB and made the mistake to move into a Broadstone Ravello apartment.  It is easy to be impressed by the granite in the kitchen and bathrooms and the attached garage.  The buildings also have attractive architecture and everything is new.  The problem is SECURITY or the lack thereof.  This apartment complex is located on the east side of Craig Rd and that area is known for its high crime rate.  The complex is fenced in but the wall is very low on the opposite side of the gate and anyone can gain access.  I saw police arrest and haul away people weekly during my short stay there.  On occasion, a hired security guard walks the property but not nearly enough.  I have to go on trips with my job and my girlfriend did not dear to stay in the apartment by herself.  There are often shady characters with hoods up walking around the complex late at night.  I lived there for about a month when a window next to my front door was smashed in and my apartment was broken into.  I was not home at the time and was called the following morning by the property management.  I moved out the following weekend.  For you military members that are considering this complex or the one next door also owned by Broadstone; I'm working with the housing office at Nellis AFB to get them blacklisted for uniformed members.  The crime rate is sky high and base officials is getting the statistics from the Las Vegas Police Department to justify the blacklisting.  Please do yourself a favor and do not even consider this complex.
4	Can't complain to much. It's quiet all the time and they have increased the security. Attached garages are nice. We live in a bottom unit and it's nice. People above us don't make much noise and most of the time I don't think anyone lives above us. We haven't had one issue here. The only thing I would want changed is the a/c units outside make a lot of noise especially if you live on a bottom unit. The workout room is nice but needs to be cleaned from time to time. But besides that they keep everything clean.
5	I have lived here since May '13 and I absolutely love it. You absolutely forget that you're in NLV and in an apartment complex. The complex is quiet day and night. The only time you here noise is when the landscapers are improving the grounds by trimming shrubs or running their leaf blowers. I go outside in the middle of the day just to walk around the complex because everything is so well kept. I put in a work order it gets done within 48hrs. I was working on something real late one night, stepped outside and who do I see? Security, patrolling the grounds. Everyone at the leasing office is so nice and helpful, even the maintenance workers. I love the way this apt complex is designed, I don't hear my neighbhors, I'm not a people person anyways, loving it! I would definitely reccommend this apt complex to anyone, I'm former military with a son. I love the attached garage. This place is absolutely gorgeous inside and out. If this wasn't a great place to live I wouldn't have wasted my time writing this long review using my phone,lol.
1	If I could not give them any stars I would they don't even deserve one.  I would not recommend anyone to move here not even my worse enemy. The staff is horrible they don't know anything.  We have been having problems with them since we moved in. When we first came to look at the apartment we wanted, they told us we couldn't cause people were living in it so trusting them we signed the lease to the apartment, we should of never signed anything until we saw the apartment. The day of move in we get here and go to the apartment and turns out they gave us the handicapped apartment there is nothing wrong with that but when you have 2 small children there is. The closet racks are up to my chest and I'm 5'0ft tall so my kids hang from them. The toilet has no seat cover and the sinks have open space so my kids can get to everything. We told them that we didn't sign for the handicapped apartment and you know what they told us oh sorry I forgot that apartment was handicapped!  What kind of BS is that out of 2 freaking handicapped apartments they couldn't remember the one they were leasing us was handicapped!  They also were like if you want you could move to another apartment in that is the same plan in  a month but you have to give down another deposit and it's going to be more expensive! I was like how if it's the same apartment!   When I looked in the washer the first day there was roaches in it! A month later our washer goes out. 6 months in and now our garage is giving us problems it's not closing and it's happening frequently. I can't wait til our lease is over I'm done wih this freaking place!
1	This used to be a great place to live until they switched up management. Natalie and Paki were always ON IT! They responded quickly and essentially catered to the needs of their residents. Ever since they have been replaced with Stephanie, things have gone down hill to put it nicely. A LOT has changed. They rarely answer the telephone and open and close whenever they please. I have gone to the office several times in the middle of the day during the week and they have been closed for whatever reason with NO notice. Not to mention the fact that they load your front door with useless letters several times per month. A friend of mine lives with his family within in the complex as well and they have had multiple requests to get things squared away in their apartment but at this point have lost hope and refuse to continue to ask. Needless to say that I feel like a total jerk for recommending this place. I would NOT recommend moving yourself or your family into this complex. It may look nice on the outside but ultimately it's trash, the Property Manager couldn't care less and I will be jumping for joy once my lease finally ends. I would love to move somewhere where my business is appreciated. And as of late, they no longer accept credit cards. Rent must be paid through cashier's check. (Another bit of information we found out through letters on the door) If you're looking to move into this complex, do yourself and the Property Manager a favor and don't even bother :( She'll be way too busy to meet your needs anyway.
