4	Amazing selection of used blue jeans and other great items.  Got a vintage army jacket, and though it seemed a little pricey to me, it really was a great jacket in excellent condition.  Can't wait to go back and scope more of their deals!
5	A day geocaching and I found the ultimate geocache at Blue Jean Buyers.  I was in awe when I walked in because I didn't expect the enlightenment that occurred while in this particular store.  I wanted purchase everything from head toe with accessories.  I am a voracious vintage scavenger hunter and I found one of the gold mines at Blue Jean Buyer in Tempe.  Along with the clothes the customer service was divine!  People that actually have a conversation with you as if you were part of the family.  I know I could be selfish and not tell anyone about this store so I can keep everything to myself to buy.  But, its too good to keep to myself and I want the world of Scottsdale to know that vintage clothing here is from top to bottom the best vintage store in Scottsdale.  I just want to thank them for letting me a part of their journey.  Thanks Blue Jean Buyers.  I can't wait to see what you have in store next time!
5	This place reminds me of Vintage Thrifts back home in the NW, the syles are very retro hip and there is an abundance of really great jackets, boots, and old blue jeans hence the eponymous title of this fine habadashery. The location is also great due to nearby haunts like the Rogue, Green, and Food City. As some one mentioned previously the clerks here are top notch, my first experience at the store i'd ridden my bike across the bridge from Tempe and had just ingested a belly full of green, on my way back i noticed the BJB and stopped in to peruse their wares. I was immediatly greeted by a radiant angel behind the counter with the best musical sensibilities. I shopped around mostly pretending to be occupied with the cool (slightly expensive) clothes and trying not to overtly stare at her. We discussed music she played some radiohead on vinyl and we shared a cigarette; the real high point came when she pulled out a pair of really swell minnetonka leather fringe moccassins that she was going to sell herself assumably. I commented on how much i fancied them and she promptly sold them to me! at a very good price i might add. and while they were a little snug; three days of encasing my feet in the leather on the sunny sweltering grasses of coachella broke them in. All in all i love the BJB cause its a little nook of true vintage in a city whose population, for the most part,wouldnt dream of wearing something second hand! kudos BJB for your awesome stuff, friendly employees and funky soul!
5	Gotta love this gem of an institution in Scottsdale. It was started over 20 years ago and has kept its charm over the years. I can always find something interesting, and the interior vibe is great. If you're looking for a Scottsdale / Tempe classic, put the Blue Jean Buyer on your list to visit.
5	I go up and down Rural/Scottsdale Rd to and from work everyday, and when I saw this place, I had to go in.I felt at home! This place is completely my style! I wanted everything in the store!! Vintage Levi's, some destroyed and some still classic. The owner even custom designs some of his vintage finds. Just tell him what you want, or pick a pair already spruced up. It's a little pricey for those on a budget, but totally worth it. Everything I've bought in here I wear almost everyday, because I love the pieces so much. Customer service is awesome. I made new friends the minute I walked in. The decor is very trendy and hip, I love it. They have a new loyal return customer right here.
4	Great Vintage spot. Mens, Womens, jeans, dresses, jewlery. The owner knows how to shop and select for his store. I'm going to come by here every time I visit phoenix!
5	This place is amazing! The owner has curated the clothing perfectly, if you're looking for vintage biker, western wear, denim and rock & roll clothing this place has got it. It's not an overpriced ripoff like some vintage joints in NYC or LA. I only wish it was larger and had more inventory .
5	Super cool shop with eclectic, vintage stuff.  The owner is an expert in vintage/jeans and is a very cool guy.  I could spend hours there.
5	Steve! The amazing Steve. He is the owner and he knows what he is doing. If you want high wasted jean shorts or different/edgy stuff, then go here. He takes original 501's and cuts them up into shorts. He also sells to Urban Outfitters pretty often and they just double the price and rip you off prettyyyy good. So just go to Steve instead. He appreciates everyone who walks in his door and is sure to shake your hand and thank you for your business himself.
5	Like all the previous reviews mention, this place is pretty cool!!!! It's definitely hidden and I would have never found it without Yelp. I could only imagine how much business this guy would get if the location was different. Walked in and the owner immediately found me three pairs of high waisted shorts to try on. He knew what my size would be just by looking at me. I ended up with a vintage pair of Levi shorts. Fit great and super cute, great find and way better/easier process than going to a department store. A little expensive if you buy them distressed, he sells them at around $50. He hadn't distressed the pair I bought so they were only $25 which is a pretty great price if you ask me.Check it out- you won't regret going in! Girls and guys clothing!!!!
