3	VERY small farmers market. About ten or so vendors. A few sell produce, a handful sell handmade goods, a honey guy, a shaved ice(hawaiian style) truck, and some other random vendors.. can't really remember. I usually go there to buy my fruit, I like supporting local businesses. I've been spoiled by really great Farmers Markets being that I've lived in Portland, Oregon where the PSU Farmers Market is OFF THE HOOK!!! And I also, live in Vancouver, BC where they have the Granville Market.. Miss that place! So you can see I have very high standards when it comes to a farmers market. But... I'll give any farmers market a look and check it out.Would I recommend this particular one, maybe not this location. I prefer when they are at the Eastern Ave location, the parking lot where BJ's restaurant is. They have more vendors there.
5	Fresh52 always has the kindest vendors with the best products!!!!  Town Square is pretty small, only a few booths, but still worth the trip to get some fresh veggies and fruit along with the extremely delicious food from Vegout!  Every Friday, Saturday and Sunday Fresh52 puts on a great farmers market.  So lucky to have them in town to share the healthy products they provide.
3	its small. I was a bit disappointed. first booth Veggies. (from California)hummus and pita chips at another.jerky at one.home made soy candlesSTRAWBERRIES (fresh picked morning of) **TASTY**A man singing and playing a guitar. and a few others. Located just outside of Whole Foods.    I thought the veggies were a bit over priced. but its Vegas right, we can't grow produce here easily.Friendly and some pushy sellers.Lots of parking with the chosen venue of town square. goes from 3p -7p I believe
4	I grew up in Hawaii in a small town of Hilo and one of my fondest memories as a child was our weekly trip to the outdoor farmers market. I like the location of this farmers market because my kids and I frequent Town square often and it is a pretty central location to many of the places we need to be throughout the day. It is not a big market but I love support to small businesses. The first time I tried a fresh persimmon was from the fruit lady, my kids loved the blood oranges and apples,  I pick up the yummy Mediterranean quinoa salad from one vendor, a cup of cafe latte with almond milk from the coffee lady who is so sweet, a bottle of fresh pomegranate juice from the nice man at the end, and last but not least, my kids and I LOVE the tacos from the Garden Grill! Awesome Customer Service and delicious VEGAN flavorful Food. I really hope to see this farmers market grow, there is so much potential here.
