3	I can't make any arguments for atmosphere, nor would I compare this to a J Alexanders or other higher-level chain, but I got a decent lunch here for $7. I try not to eat salads in public because it is a frightening site; i basically fill a bucket with salad ingredients and stick my face in. Only my closest friends and relatives have seen me eat a real salad. god help them. Anyway, I tried not to be a complete disaster at Souper Salad, but it was hard. The salad bar is pretty extensive with vegetarian friendly garbanzo beans and just about every vegetable i've ever seen. (ooh they didn't have jicama, and they should.) After I piled up a plate of leafy and non leafy greens I headed to the soup area where Souper Salad very responsibly lists all the ingredients in their soups, especially noting the vegetarian friendly options. I went for the lentil soup and was not disappointed. some lentil soups are no more than lentils floating in warm water, but this was flavorful. There are also hot baked potatoes, macaroni and cheese and other homey food offerings for Souper Salad diners. I made off with a tiny cheese roll. There are also some dessert options like soft serve ice cream or chocolate pudding and fresh fruit. Nothing wrong with that!
4	Back in January I had a 4-Star experience at Souper Salad on Camelback, so when I was in the neighborhood of this one at lunchtime today I dropped in.  It's modern & nice inside, & was surprisingly inexpensive for a Sunday.  Like the other one, you pay & then begin selecting from the excellent salad line.  You can start with one plate here, because they make it easy to come back for more, unlike Sweet Tomatoes.  I selected a booth, & then a friendly server greeted me right away & brought my drink in seconds.  After that, she was very attentive throughout my visit.An Oriental spaghetti dish at the salad bar was fantastic!  The noodles & cheese dish was extra tasty, also.  At the soup table was a Seafood Bisque that was different & delicious, & I also had some of the vegetable beef soup, which was hearty & flavorful.  The fish tacos & macaroni & cheese were both tasty after adding a dab of salt, & I had some great strawberry shortcake for dessert.  Yum!The Sunday price was only $6.79/$6.11 Sr.
3	After a trip to Target, we were hungry so my daughter and I stopped in for some dinner here.  She loves salad bars since she can pick out what she likes and just eat that.  It was about 8pm on a week night so they were not busy.  We were greeted warmly and paid then went to the salad bar.  Things had not been restocked but that's ok, there was still plenty and it was good.  They had some different salad....an oriental noodle one that I liked, and of course soup and bread.  For dessert they had the soft serve ice cream that is so yummy and lots of toppings to go with it.  The place was clean and the staff was nice.  It's nothing outstanding but it was good and we were full.  And it was fairly inexpensive too.
3	If you like buffets with ONLY Salad or Soup, some little entrees such as pizza or tacos, then for the price you can't go wrong with Souper Salad. On a Sunday night we paid $5.99 per plate, $2 for a drink. A decent variety, again if salad is your thing. I was expecting a bit more of a selection when it came to the pasta plates tho. I believe years ago it did have more casseroles and potato salads. Other than the ice cream machine being down, this is a decent place to stop and fill-up for a reasonable price.
4	All I gotta say is....To-go Salad a la carte 4 buck and some change...get a container that's seriously big enough for enough salad to last me lunch and dinner. Good salad toppings and what not. I stick to the breadsticks...the rest of the breads a little dry.
1	What are you in the mood for?  I truly suggest this place if you're looking for grade D salad and such AND if you want to leave in a clinically depressed state of mind.Pros:  All you can eatCons:  Why in the world would you want more than a bite?????Every different lettuce bowl contained gross amounts of browning greens.  While the spinach looked and tasted fresh, the romaine was not, the parmesan was the kind that resembles anthrax or cocaine, the dressing was uber-salty and quite disgusting, the bacon bits contained no trace of pig, and there was no protein other than cubed ham to be found.  While I can see how the entire soup/salad/pasta/fruit/pizza/ice cream/tacos? package might be worth $7 and change, this was a horrible buy for a person looking for a salad with some ample protein.  When your name contains the word "salad," don't you think you should offer some good greens?
3	I love going here for lunch. The choices are great and the price is so reasonable! I especially love their breadsticks! They have the BEST soup options too everyday.
4	Ladies and gentlemen, we are not talking about a souper elegant fine dining experience. This is a salad buffet at a very reasonable price. For the price of a burger meal, you can load up your plate with whichever veggies you like, a choice of soups, and a few other "things".  The veggies are generally very crisp and fresh, good variety, and decent dressing. I enjoy it very much.  I like a good salad, and I guess I build them pretty well.  Good choices, clean, decent all around.  I can eat healthy and enjoy it... I'm sold.
3	Generally speaking, I'm a fan of Souper Salad.  This location is basically just like all the other locations; the food is consistent, the restaurant is clean, the staff is relatively efficient.  However, It still lacks something.  Everyone here seemed so dispassionate, they were never rude; It just felt like none of the staff wanted to be there.
3	I think I have now eaten at & reviewed all the open Souper Salads in the Valley, & I'm lowering this one by one Star only because it's one where I like the layout a little less than my favorites.  With that said, I think the "worst" Souper Salad holds its own against most other Valley restaurants with their uniformly delicious food, good service, & very low prices!  You really can't go too far wrong here.     :-))
5	Souper F-ing good!! This place was simply a surprise! We've been to buffets but this one was really good! huge salad on my side and then there is pizza and soups and tacos and pasta and baked potatoes! I usually eat my weight there. I suggest you go there and try.
4	I came to Souper Salad right after getting rejected by a closeby Quiznos that didn't accept my online coupon (a story I will write next).  I asked them if they had any specials, and they offered a coupon for free drinks with no questions asked.  I have been to Soupplantation/Sweet Tomatoes several times, so I was expecting something similar.  I first came to the salad bar, and I noticed that there were a lot of variety of vegetables and even meats.  At Sweet Tomatoes, you usually have to pay a little extra for chicken.  The sides were pretty tasty too with 3 different kind of soups, pizza, pasta, and nachos.So far 3 good points to the meal, and then comes the extras.  They had a cinnamon roll bread to die for.  It tasted especially good with a little ice cream on top.I will pleasantly happy after a bad experience from Quiznos.
2	This salad bar restaurant is okay. I can't even stress to people enough though that this is on the polar opposite end of Sweet Tomatoes both in quality of food and selection and they are about the same price. The selection here is a lot smaller and you can tell that the quality of produce isn't as high. Also, the bread selection looks like something that they just pulled out of the freezer. I will eat here on occasion with colleagues if we really want a salad bar lunch.
4	Agreeing with the last review,no this is not sweet tomatoes. However, it is also less expensive than S.T. Plus i had a coupon for here. It is still very good in their own way. They have a lot of salad options and you can make yourself a lovely salad. They do have soup and Tacos,along with potatoes and all sorts of bread.   The food is good and there is plenty of  desserts.  My issue is with the cleanliness of it all. When i came in 3:04pm There were only a few people in the restaurant.  However, many of the tables were dirty and full of dishes. When i did find an empty booth with no dishes i noticed it was still dirty. I wiped it off myself. That was i bit under standards. However, it was cheap and you usually get what you pay for.
2	Cheap and low-qualityA decent selection at a fair price, but the quality is far less than Sweet Tomatoes.  The salad bar wasn't kept fresh (wilted lettuce, low containers), the pizza was like a frozen type (crappy crust and sauce), greasy/oil atop of the meat for the tacos.  I won't go on.On that note, it serves the purpose for a buffet - mass quantities for the masses.I will not go back.  I would prefer to spend $3-4 extra dollars to go to Sweet Tomatoes any day.
4	I'm happy to report that the food here was fresh, abundant and varied. Often times with buffets  you never know what you're going to walk in to. But I was pleasantly surprised and happy with the offerings.For about $16, my dad and I enjoyed the buffet and two drinks. We chowed down on salad, soup, pizza, tacos and dessert. Well not ALL of that, but those are the options available. What really makes this location special is Barbie. She walks around clearing plates and offering refills on soda and coffee. She is truly a sweet heart. Extemely friendly and outgoing. I would drive all the way to this location just to experience her kindness. She works on Tuesdays, FYI!
4	Yes, this can be accurately described as a less refined Sweet Tomatoes; but the food, in my opinion, is quite delicious nonetheless.The salad bar is well stocked with a good variety of fresh veggies, toppings, and some tasty prepared offerings.I tried a few of their soups and they were all flavorful and had substance.  My favorites were the pasta fagioli and vegetable soups.They also offer a selection of breads, nacho/taco fixings, baked potatoes, and some pasta but I didn't try any.The shortcake paired with strawberry topping was a fabulous dessert.  The shortcake was moist and had a pretty light texture.Another plus...Fresca is a soda fountain option!Service was great.  There were two servers who were taking care of the entire restaurant and they were way on top of clearing our dishes and both were super nice.The one downside is that the restaurant is kind of rundown looking inside and could use a little revamping.
1	I should have read all the reviews before sitting down to eat.  Well it was 5:30pm on a Sat night so you would assume that everything would be fresh.    Shame on me for assuming things.   The soups were horrible and looked they had being sitting there all week.  The pizza wasn't even pizza but crust with sauce on it.   The iceberg lettuce was a mixture of lettuce with chunks not even cut up yet.  I love Souplantation/ Sweet Tomatoes and I have high standards for anyone else tryiing to be a Salad Buffet.      I would have given this place a half a star but the manager was nice enough to refund my money so it gets one star.
4	I'm either having major dejavu or I have already written a review for this SouperSalad. I live nearby and frequently shop at the Target, Fry's, or Ross in the same shopping center.  Forget about your silly "my food can't touch" OCD and plop it all on the same plate. The salad bar is plentiful and the soup is warm and tasty. You can get pizza, bread, tacos, fried chicken, fruit and soft ice cream, to name just a few of the options. All you can eat plus a drink for under $10. Brian will take care of you. I'll be back!
3	Not sure how to describe this place other than average in certain areas and below par in other areas. The salad section has all the usual ingredients and they were fresh and well-stocked right after the lunch rush. I could clearly make a great salad and they had fat-free dressings which is good for my health kick of late. Once you get beyond the salads, your kind of on your own with more misses than hits. The soups were unimpressive that day, sans for a semi-decent beef vegetable soup, but the rice in the chicken rice soup was way overcooked and mushy. Then you had all the salads that were loaded down with mayo - about five of them, none of which looked appetizing. Baked Potatoes, mac n chese, tacos, cracker pizza , all of these should be eaten at your own risk. Most of the bread didn't cut the mustard either, except for an average garlic breadstick. Desert was the usual stuff like jello and pudding and frozen ice cream? from the ole machine. At $6 with a coupon, there is nothing wrong with going here for a good salad, but beyond that, it seems like a crapshoot.
2	Not a Sweet Tomatoes that's for sure. The selections are scarce and when you are use to all they have to offer at the Sweet Tomatoes, you are definitely disappointed when you see what they have to offer at this Souper Salad. In a pinch it would work, but you can definitely find something else better.
5	This establishment is everything you need! Ideal pricing for plentiful, well prepared food. Something in management must be right as it is always busy when I arrive. Sign of a good deal.I recommend the pizza, if that suits you. The options should meet anyone's wants and desires. Plenty of healthy food options are available as well as some short order items (tacos, potato bar) and soft serve ice cream.Smiling faces always greet you upon arrival, excellent service all around. Stop by their place!
1	Best of the Souper Salads in the valley. Gotta get dat taco bar, son! There's plenty of buffet places but they're all so expensive I couldn't eat my moneys worth if I tried. You understand what I'm saying? I love soup. There's salad. Stay black NBC. Right, Gina Marooney?
4	I grew up going to a similar establishment in California called Souplantation, and Souper Salad is just as great. It's a bit rough around the edges but it does the job.  I try to stay away from buffets these days but I have no guilt about stopping in here and pigging out on salads and soup. There's not much they can do wrong given the fact that they provide everything you need to make salads your way. They provide different greens, dressings and toppings for your salad. They have some pastas and pizzas for a little carb if you want. I'm not gonna lie, there are some opportunities for some unhealthy options too. They have a baked potato bar where you can put mounts of cheese, butter, bacon, sour cream, and more in a huge potato/sweet potato. I have also seen them have the make your own taco bar where I have been guilty of putting mas amounts of ground beef into a taco shell with limited amounts of lettuce and tomatoes aka just cheese and beef. I'm so glad that they are so cheap because it gives people a healthier alternative to fast food. With the nation's epidemic of being overweight and obese (especially in the low income population) it is necessary to have healthy options that are affordable to everyone. Souper salad costs just as much as fast food, maybe even less in some cases! Just as others have said, this a great place to eat after a hike or workout, because then you don't feel like you've made your workout worthless with an unhealthy meal.
3	Great place to eat. I enjoy going here. Cheap and always decent food. The only thing it needs is to change up the selection once in a while.
2	Food - ok. If you are looking to just build your own salad. One premixed option. Watery mac n cheese. Cheep tacobell tacos. The flavor is ok. The soup is not hot, like it should be.Ambient- the place would be nice, if they would clean up more frequently. Casual. Modern.Service- nonexistent. They take your money and off you go. They will occasionally come buy to pick up your plates. Asked one of the waiters there if they could reheat my soup because it eas cold. She said "I'm sorry, but we have no where to do that. We only have stoves."Price- 6.99 adult... + drink. I don't feel I got what I paid for.
1	Two of the the soups look like they've been sitting there all day your server never even greets you or gets anything for you so why tip?
5	The other day at gymnastics, the teacher asked all the kids about their favorite restaurants. Every kid said McDonalds - until mine.  They both answered Souper Salad.  It is a less fancy sweet tomatoes, and their soups are not nearly as good, but the price is unbeatable.  They have regular coupons and on Wednesdays, kids eat for $2.The salad bar is pretty good and even has options that Sweet Tomatoes does not (like cottage cheese).  The salad bar is always clean and stocked. The staff is always polite, friendly and remove our dishes promptly.The pizza runs out often but lately it has been replaced very timely (my daughter loves  their pizza). They also sometimes have steamed broccoli with cheese, which is great for getting kids to eat vegetables. For dessert, they offer pound cake and strawberries for strawberry shortcake topped with soft serve ice cream.  For $6 (the average coupon price), you walk out of there very full, content and with happy kids.
4	This is one of my go to favs- always good and always a great deal. I really enjoy the soups, breads, and little extras this place has. Great lunch location on the cheap!
2	This place is alright. The staff is friendly. It's nothing special, but then again it's a buffet. The food just wasn't that good. The salad bar toppings were fresh, but the lettuce / spring mix was very wilted. The pizza, mac n cheese, and tacos were horrible. It just tasted really cheap. Not that I expect the world from a buffet, but anything you could've made out of box at home would taste significantly better. The ice cream (or frozen yogurt) machine was out of service. That happens anywhere from time to time, so not really discounting the rating for that. On a bright note the strawberry short-cake was awesome, and the staff was very fast to clear the tables. All in all, I am sure I won't come back here for a long time. It's a great deal, but the compromise on the food wasn't at all worth it.
