3	The decor is great. There are little jukeboxes at every table. The service is good. But the menu is a little too Denny's-like for my taste. There is a good selection of burgers and breakfast items, but nothing terribly unique or too reminisent of a 50's style diner. A bit pricey too. Overall I was pretty disappointed.
5	5 stars just for the shakes! They have really great chocolate shakes, so good we went back a second time just for them.The breakfast was also good. Classic diner style, with big portions. Only disappointment was the biscuits - tasted a little rubbery and right out of the microwave, otherwise a solid place for a meal.
3	Nothing special here.  This time I just went for dessert and ordered an Oreo shake.  It's kind of hard to mess that up so I can't complain.  It is a large shake though I'll say that.  Service was fine, and it definitely has the 50s diner atmosphere.  They even have mini juke boxes at each table and you can pick a song for a quarter I think.Tip: If you are looking for a late eat besides the 24-hour Mexican joint, this may work.  Open until 10 Sun-Thu, and until 11:30 Fri-Sat.  Or, the one on 16th St in Phoenix is open 24 hrs.
1	I have been to other 5 & DIner restaurants and enjoyed my meal, especially the one at the Scottsdale Pavillions. However, I have now had two disappointing meals at the diner at the Arizona MIlls in Tempe. Today's lunch was a terrible affair.We arrived at about 12:30PM and there was maybe only two or three tables occupied. What we'd hoped would mean quick service was anything but. It took forever to get a waitress to take our order, and then a very long time for our meal.I ordered a bacon cheeseburger (was not asked about how done I wanted it, what kind of cheese or anything -- just boom, bacon cheeseburger, NEXT) and my fiancee ordered the chicken finger appetizer.My burger was beyond well done, and dry, but greasy from the cheese and sauces. Furthermore the burger was cold -- and not just from the lettuce. I was hungry and waited too long to bother sending it back. I choked it down with the aid of some decent fries.M'lady's chicken fingers were mistakenly upgraded to a dinner plate, which included fries, corn on the cob, a biscuit, and gravy! So we basically paid double for an order for too much food because the waitress -- or cook -- didn't get the order right.Overall I'm extremely disappointed by this location. I now understand why there were so few people eating there as well.
3	My boyfriend and I stopped in to 5 & Diner after he picked me up at the airport and I was starving for some breakfast. They had all your diner favorites and it looked like they served the entire menu, even at 10 AM. I forgot the exact name of my dish, but it was bacon and eggs with biscuits and gravy. MMMM all of my favorite foods on a plate. The bf had the same, but with a chocolate milkshake! I hate boys and their fast metabolisms. The biscuits were nice and fluffy, but the bacon could have been a bit crispier.It's a nice Denny's/IHOP alternative. Good, quick service, but it was fairly empty at 10 AM on a Wednesday.
5	I've been here a LOT. I live down the road. To start...the food here is pretty much all good. The only thing I would suggest avoiding is the nachos. They load them up but so much the chips turn soggy real quick. However they have odd things like deep fried pickles which are delicious and their breakfast foods are super delicious.The staff is wonderful and we are never left for wanting to say the least. Some of them actually recognize us by face which is nice. The restaurant itself is really nice, some of the seats are a bit beat up but otherwise it's always really clean and they have mini juke boxes at each table and you get 2 songs for a quarter so bring your change! Unless you hate 50s music that is. It's also all 50 decor inside so if you're looking for a nostalgic place, this is the place to go.As for the shakes, everyone is right in saying they are awesome and they're HUGE. I can almost never finish them. Over all, I'd highly suggest this place and also you can ask for the discount cards so if you get 7 meals, you get 1 free. It's not very pricey either which is a plus.
2	We love the feel and the food of a genuine 50's diner. My wife and I went to this one last night. It was just okay. Not even quite okay but just BLAH. I ordered the sliders. Here's my opinion folks for what it is worth: Whenever I have ordered sliders ANYWHERE in the country the sliders have always come THREE to an order. This one was only two small burgers with a mountain of fries to compensate. The fries were good don't get me wrong. The sliders were okay. There was only meat and cheese on them. The onions and tomato were on the side and they were raw instead of cooked onions. Traditional sliders come with chopped grilled onions on them. Also my wife ordered a chocolate malt. It wasn't malty. It tasted more like a chocolate sunday instead of a malt. Service was just okay. We had to wait an inordinate amount of time to be served and also for our check to get out of there. Biggest complaint: It was WAY HOT in there and we had to ask to have them turn on the A/C. They turned on the ceiling fans without the A/C and we were still uncomfortable but it was somewhat bearable. I would strongly recommend that if you want the look and feel of a genuine 50's diner with food and service to match that you go elsewhere.
5	Breakfast. Go for Breakfast! -choose one of the innocuous seeming egg and potatoes breakfasts, w/ biscuits and a side order of gravy.  It's $6.75, and you may think it will all fit on one plate. However, you'll quickly note that there's twice as many hash-browns as anywhere else, and the food is incredibly fresh. Everything home-style. There's no way you'll finish it or find a place that tops....service and coffee is great too.
2	Salads are very iceberg-heavy.  Not bad, just old-fashioned.  Nothing remarkable.  My daughter commented that the lettuce tasted almost frozen.Chicken Pot Pie ( "NEW" ) is not much more in quantity than the $3.50 frozen Swanson version you can cook at home.  Nothing remarkable here either.French fries were hot and crunchy and good.  Best part of the meal.Worst part:  The AWFUL chicken strips.  You know those mass-market wholesale version strips that are 90% thick, heavy breading and leave you about a 10% chicken portion?  Yep, they use those.  There is a layer of impossibly hard and tasteless breading on the outside, then a little thin moist layer of unfried breading under that, and then in the small remaining center a smidgen of real chicken.  NEGATIVE 500 STARS on the gross chicken strips.I only went there because I had a BOGO entree' coupon.  Not worth it at all.P.S.  I have eaten here several times (mostly because of coupons) and they all fell below 3 stars.
4	Came here this morning  because I had a meeting in the area so I stopped in for some breakfast.  I have not been to a 5 & Diner since my single days of stopping in at 1am....back when bars closed at 1am.  Anyway, I order the breakfast special for $4.99 which is basically bacon and eggs and it was great, the hash browns were brown and crispy, eggs cooked perfect, bacon crispy, and the toast was like what I used to eat when i was a kid...the small bread.  Yep, i was pleased and the service was fantastic.  The atmosphere and decor is very casual and its 50's style with the music and all.  I am not a fan of Mill's mall but this place worked out nice this morning.
4	Incredibly polite and efficient service.  Plus, no wait on a Sunday afternoon, which is the exact opposite of, say, IHOP.  We came for breakfast and were bowled away by how great the service was - the waiter had every possible configuration of questions on how we'd like out food, and even offered salsa as soon as the entrees came out.  I wasn't planning on salsa for my Chicken Fried Steak and Eggs but sure, what the hell.  Well, the salsa was delicious with the perfect amount of kick - I ended up dousing my buttery hashbrowns in it and going to town.  Eggs and chicken fried steak were both tasty and the toast was thick cut and good to sop up the extra gravy.  My husband had an omlette which he seemed to enjoy, though the portion looked just a tad small.  Truly a yummy 3-star meal, though the great service just bumped things up even more.  They were just SO nice and so insistent that we come back, I'm wondering if the location (in the Arizona Mills parking lot) is making the business struggle a bit.  I hope not, because I definitely will return.
2	This place is open earlier than other breakfast spots in the area. The food is standard, nothing amazing. The atmosphere is fun and the music gets you going. The service is S L O W! It was like pulling teeth to have our server talk to us. We asked for the bill after we ordered to expedite the process, but that never happened. I couldn't believe how this guy drug his feet. He payed a lot of attention to the people ordering off the senior menu, I guess he thought the old folks would tip better?? Anywho...it's a good standby but definitely not a destination...
2	My wife and I needed a place to grab some lunchtime breakfast food over the weekend, and seeing as how we couldn't find anything better, we stopped by 5 and Diner. I've never been overly impressed with 5 and Diner in the past, and I have to say, they met my mediocre expectations this round as well. My wife ordered the pancake sandwich with two eggs and I ordered a side of biscuits and gravy with raisin toast. None of which was better than what you can make at home, but it wasn't disappointing either.Overall, the service wasn't too slow considering how busy it was and I didn't have any trouble getting refills. However, here's where the problem comes in. When my wife ordered the pancake sandwich the server asked my wife "do you like bacon or sausage", to which she replied "bacon". Normal question when ordering breakfast right? Well, when the bill came, little did we know that the pancake sandwich didn't actually come with bacon and the server put a dollar charge on the tab for adding bacon. When I confronted her about the dollar charge she said "the pancake sandwich doesn't come with bacon, that's extra". Well, we weren't informed that answering a question as to preference would result in an extra charge. We weren't informed that she was in fact adding things to our tab to inflate the price without telling us. I put up enough of a fuss that she removed the charge, and  I could tell that she knew she had added the charge in a duplicitous manner and she was just hoping we wouldn't catch on. The food was decent, but I have a big problem with dishonest servers and that's what knocks this place down from being a decent breakfast joint to just another bump on the road of mediocre cuisine.
4	This place was awesome - Val our waitress was super nice and very helpful.  Place is a cool looking diner with a MASSIVE menu, was all most too hard to decide what to eat.  I had a reuben and the kids both had pancakes (mickey mouse shaped - so cute) - the best though was my husband's a double burger - I can't remember when we had anything so good, yes - I had to eat some of it!!
1	Smells like a public restroom in the diner. Avoid at all costs!!!
2	I was not overly impressed.  Service was INCREDIBLY slow.  We were using a Groupon.  I would have been terribly upset without it.  Food was ok, but I think that was mostly because we were starving.  No apologies for lack of service.  No smile.  No return once food was served.  Won't be eating here again.  They automatically added 18% tip for party of 6, definitely not earned.  I normally tip minimum 20%, not here.  Not this day anyway.
5	My boyfriend and I are super broke right now, so we're taking advantage of our Groupon credits.  We were hungry, and 5 & Diner was one of the Groupon Now! options.  I was originally thinking fries and a patty melt when we decided on going there, but when we looked at the menu the breakfast food looked extra delicious, so I went for the waffle with strawberries, and my boyfriend got the country fried steak and eggs and a vanilla coke.  As I'm writing this, he asked me to specifically mention that the vanilla coke was super yummy, so I'm doing that now before I forget.  (I had a sip, and I can verify that he speaks the truth.)  My waffle hit the spot, it was a nice texture and the yummy sweet strawberry topping was just what I wanted.  My boyfriend cleared his plate, as well.  Our server was super attentive and friendly, and even gave my boyfriend his last refill to go so we could take it on the road with us.  All in all, a very positive experience, especially considering this type of diner usually has mediocre food.  We'll definitely be returning soon.  As a side note, I had been here once before a long, long time ago, and had the patty melt and that was awesome as well.  As a side side note, I don't know what the person who said the dining room smells like a bathroom is talking about.
1	I went there yesterday after buying a "Now" deal via Groupon. I got $20 groupon for $10. I went with three kids and found that the groupon is not worth buying UNLESS its just two people going. For example, the groupon is not valid for their "kids eat for 99 cents with each paying adult". Not to mention the food is over priced for the quality as well! Also, the have All-you-can-eat fish Fridays for roughly $10 but we couldn't get this because we had a groupon. The waitresses there are VERY rude. I told her I was waiting for the groupon to load and it would only be a second be cause we were not expecting to come and her response was "so do you want a seat or what?" the place was not that busy for her to be so rude...anyhow, I never complained and eventually after being sitted the waiters kept walking by like we didn't exist until the supervisor (I believed him to be) came over and took our order and he was nice. The environment and the way they treat their customers is rude over all and I've been there 3 times over the last 2 years. The fried pickles were barely battered this time so my kids didn't enjoy them as much.....Oh and don't ask the wrong person for help because they will tell you that they are not in charge of your table and will walk away.
2	Visited today with two grandchildren, ages 2 and 7. Fries that came with children's menu mac 'n cheese were overdone, too brown & crunchy. Mac 'n cheese was too hot for the baby to eat at first, but he wolfed it down eventually. My scrambled eggs were overdone and lukewarm. This place does not know how to do scrambled eggs. Waitress asked if I wanted my bacon crispy and I said yes - it came out almost burnt and cold. The toast was so smeared with butter substitute that it was soggy and cold by the time I got to it. Husband's order was wrong - eggs over easy turned into scrambled eggs, and his eggs were overdone too. He enjoyed his sausage and pancakes though, and I thoroughly enjoyed my hashbrowns. They were delicious. Granddaughter liked her kids' menu French toast and ate most of it. My coffee was good, but I had to bring my own flavored creamer - all they have is plain cream and sugar.Our waitress asked when we first were seated if we'd been there before, and we said yes. She breezed by 15 minutes later and asked the same question again. We said yes again. She seemed very rushed, distracted, and not terribly friendly. The place was busy, so maybe she was overworked, but we ended up feeling rushed too. Our waitress brought two loyalty cards with our bill, both with one stamp on them - she didn't ask if we already had a loyalty  card. Did she miss the part where we said yes, we'd been there before? When I presented my loyalty card to her and asked her to put the two new stamps on my card, she said (with attitude), "We don't combine cards!" I had to explain that she didn't even ask if I had one, and that I simply wanted her to stamp my card instead of giving us two new ones. She gave me one stamp on top of a spot that was already stamped, and when I pointed it out, she just gave me a new card with one additional stamp. We never did get that second extra stamp, but by that time, we were done with her. We left a minimal tip.Today's experience is pretty typical in terms of food quality. We go only if we have coupons. Unless I have a really great deal, like a Groupon or a two-for-one, I'll never visit 5 and Diner again. It simply doesn't impress me with its service or its food.
1	Garbage! This place was not "Classic 50's style" at all! The burgers were so dry and flavorless, I'm amazed people still would even go here, you might as well go to Carl's Jr, Wendy's, or Jack in the Box instead of this place! Don't waste your time or your money. If you want good classic 50's style restaurant go to Chase's Diner in Chandler waaay better!
5	This is one of my favorite breakfast and lunch spots in the Valley, and I am surprised by many of the negative reviews it has received. They serve great breakfast burritos and pancakes, and a wide variety of omelets. Their coffee is good enough. For lunch, they offer a wide variety of excellent sandwiches. Here's a useful bit of information for my fellow Chicagoans: 5 & Diner serves Vienna pure beef hot dogs. My personal lunch favorite, my main reason for giving them five stars, is their veggie burger, which I order with green chile, no cheese, and a side of french fries. Be sure to ask for the Cholula hot sauce. This is a great casual dining spot with a classic diner motif and golden oldies playing regularly to accompany your meal. This location, set outside of Tempe's Arizona Mills, is my favorite location.
4	Great food and wonderful service. Here during breakfast hour. I will be back.
4	Whenever I am there, I always feel welcomed by the staff and I have never had a problem with service.  The food good and the atmosphere is fun.
4	My husband and I recently went to 5 and Diner on a Sunday morning and we were impressed.  Not only is the decor cute and retro, we had fantastic service and our breakfasts were wonderful!  It was really a nice surprise.  We plan to go back again soon.
4	Woohoo! This particular Five and Diner is as good as it gets for a Five and diner!!! The owner, Val, is wonderful. Boy, she works hard and cares about her customers and her staff. Much of her staff has been at this location forever, and Val has owned this restaurant for 13 years. Sometimes she has an awesome magician there.. and I usually hate when those magicians come by our table when I'm trying to enjoy my dinner. So.. I love the people who work there, and I love the fun, festive atmosphere most of the time (depending on my mood). I love the music - though sometimes it's too loud. Again, this is probably due to whether I'm tired or my daughter is bugging me too much or I happen to have a headache, etc. I'm sure Val would turn down the music if you asked her to do so. She REALLY aims to please. The food - sometimes very good and sometimes ho-hum, depending on what you order. It's what I would expect for a Five and Diner, which is why I give it four-star rating over all. What can I say?  I'm very picky about my food and my staff and my atmosphere. The fries are great when you order them extra-crispy (which is how I always order my fries if I happen to get them). The club sandwich is great and HUGE - an excellent value. My husband ALWAYS orders the club sandwich, which he loves.  I order a variety of items whenever we go there, and I've found the breakfast items for dinner usually suit me the best. Tip: get the biscuits and skip the toast or tortilla, or hash browns, etc.. My daughter loves their macaroni and cheese and all their other kid items. I believe kid menu items are 99 cents when an adult purchases an entree on M-F. If not M-F, I know for sure kids are 99 cents on Fridays.
3	Food was decent, they were extremely busy though, on a Saturday afternoon and didn't seem to have enough staff. Portions seemed pretty hearty, but I think I'd probably enjoy more during non-peak hours-the place was kind of a zoo, and all the staff seemed a little confused.
1	OK: what happened?Several of us stopped by this 5 & Diner location (Arizona Mills) around 7 PM today (11-10-2012) and they are CLOSED!There was a handwritten sign on the front door stating in essence 'we're closed and thanks for the memories'. I'm guessing Val threw in the towel. :(I'd give this store 4 stars since I've eaten here in the past but the sudden and unannounced closure earned it a single one.
4	Val and Bill are the bomb! Great friendly service and fresh delicious food! Chorizo made on site!
