2	Not quite sure what is"fantastic" about this place.  No online check-in; no appointments; and can't even call-in. I tried to call-in on my way there, and the receptionist said the only way to get my name on the list is to show up and sit in their waiting room for 35 minutes! Haircut was OK. As usual the stylist tried to sell me a $5 bottle of gel for $15 (I'd rather buy it on Amazon.com). This place is on par with Great Clips and Supercuts, but the price tag Fantastic Sam's is higher.
1	This is perhaps the worst salon with the worst customer service I have ever had the displeasure of visiting.  We've been getting haircuts there for over 3 years, my son gets a cut each month.  I tip rather well (more than 20%) and do my part.  There have been a number of embarassingly bad haircuts but the one two weeks ago was the worst.  I couldn't get back in due to a work trip out of town the weekend following and tonight, when I went in to complain, the manager couldn't wait to explain how she couldn't verify anything that was 3 weeks old (might have wanted to do the math on paper rather than in her head).  I explained that I had tried to fix it up but it was a mess and the bottom line was that I needed it fixed.  When she kept arguing with me, I realized that she was only concerned about getting paid for this haircut, not about listening to me or doing the right thing here.  I explained that it wasn't about the money at this point - the hair cut was bad and it needed to be fixed.  She just kept telling me what wasn't their fault.  Ridiculous.  The woman was incompetent at her job as manager - never realizing that she wasn't getting an argument out of me - I just needed my son to have his hair right but that the $9 she would get today would be the last $9 that salon will ever see from us.   It's ok, it's just one cut per month, I get her logic but hopefully this review will express to more than one person per month that these people either don't know or don't care about getting the haircut right - they just care about getting your money.  There are plenty of cheap haircuts around. . . go somewhere else.  Anywhere else.
4	Not sure why this place has such negative reviews. They cut my hair and my children's hair. I tell them how to cut it, and they always do it well. And the best part, at least for guys, you get a free hair wash with every haircut!  As soon as we walk in, we are always greeted with a smile and, so far, the most we ever had to wait is only a couple minutes. We could be just lucky or maybe they are over staffed...it doesn't matter as long as we are in and out of there quickly.  For the children's hair, we used to go to those "kids only" hair places. Do yourself a favor and save your $18 for a 2 minute haircut and come here--way cheaper. Especially if you bring their coupons they send out in the Valpak.  I would say the only downside of this place is the pushing of hair products. After every haircut they bring you over to the small shelving area to show you which hair procuct they used. It's all pretty expensive, but for a cheaper haircut I'm willing to listen and kindly say "no thanks."  I can't speak from a woman's perspective since my wife has never been here, but for kids and guys, it's a quick and cheap place to get a haircut.
5	Alright, I realized this is probably the most overdue review in history....buuut it's better late than never! First off, I absolutely LOVE this place! Second, if you're not sitting in Hannah's chair then you're doing it all wrong and I suggest you give up and go home...Hannah puts the FANTASTIC in Fantastic Sam's (Actually, every stylist there does..Hannah is just my absolute fav!) She's been on a winning streak with me since I started going to this location. Each and EVERY time I visit her, I show her pictures of what I want done. She even throws in some of her own ideas to help me. Not only does she exceed my extremely high expectations but she fills me in on what it would take as far as maintenance and what is out of reach for me instead of just slapping on color and hoping it turns out okay. I really can't thank her enough because - like most girls - I've struggled with finding someone I could genuinely trust with my precious hair and its the biggest relief that I found Hannah! Check out my picture! She did that Ombre and cut beautifully!
5	Hannah was my stylist...love her!  I walked in knowing I wanted something different but wasn't sure what.  My hair was in need for some TLC in the color department... Hannah told me her recommendations and worked very well with other staff members who agreed her suggestion would be complimentary for me.  Bottom line...I went with her creativity and it turned out wonderful!  Love the color...cut... and service I received.  The staff was very nice, personable and you can't beat their prices.
