5	I count myself as lucky to have found this pharmacy! All staff are always so friendly and welcoming. They go out of their way to make sure you get what you need. Every time I enter, they greet me by name, which makes me feel like I'm at home :) I really can't say enough about how wonderful everyone is and how well they will take care of you. Also, a plus since they have moved buildings, they now have a drive-thru!
5	We love this pharmacy!  We first transferred over all our prescriptions when we had an emergency and needed a pharmacy that delivers.  Not only were they the only ones we could find (presumably they do this for genuine emergencies only), but they did not even charge us for the delivery!  And we were not right next door!  Incredible.  Today, the day after the 2014 blizzard, they even tried to deliver when the roads were too icy for us to venture out.  They couldn't make it either, but I am blown away that they even tried.  Then, they called to apologize that they had not been able to come due to abandoned cars blocking the way.  Wow and wow.Elder folks, you want this pharmacy!My elderly mom needs lots of medicine each month on an ongoing basis.  We have asked Family Care Pharmacy to anticipate our needs and to have things (like insulin) packaged up and ready to go as soon as mom is eligible to get them.  That way, I just drop by whenever I am in the neighborhood and pick up whatever mom is eligible for so far.  Saves me the gas from making a special trip, and I do not even have to think ahead and order the prescriptions.  Sometimes there are new things, in which case they are very speedy in filling the prescription.  They have shown special care and consideration in countless ways that went above and beyond what I have ever seen any other pharmacy do.  They are constantly suggesting ways they can help.  In one case, we learned that there was a vastly cheaper, equally-good substitute for a certain prescription that insurance would cover 100% -- unlike the pricey stuff prescribed, which insurance would not cover at all.  The staff there contacted the doctor and got the prescription changed so we could save all that money.  Obviously, it would have been in their interest to keep their mouths shut and pocket the profits from the more expensive medicine.  But no; they put us first!  Who does this other than these folks?  Nobody.The pharmacist and staff know us well enough by now that they address us by name before we can say anything.  The pharmacist has personally spoken with us many times and inquires after mom's health.  Even our most stupid questions he has patiently and fully answered until we understood and were satisfied.  Expired prescription?  No problem.  They will fax the doctor in a jiffy and take care of everything.  I feel so cared for!  Oh, I get it.  Family CARE Pharmacy.  Good folks.
