5	I was surprised by the poor reviews for this place, until I looked closer and realized none of the reviewers had tried the food. Big mistake! This place is really, really good. We started with the Syrian salad, which had fresh lettuce, pine nuts, nicely boiled eggs (kinda molten in the center), and perfectly cooked green beans (which, I've learned the hard way, is surprisingly difficult to do!). It was tossed in a slightly spicy sauce, and came with a generous basket of fresh whole wheat bread.  My friend and I also split the smoked trout sandwich, which had what I believe was goat cheese, slightly spicy seasoning, thinly sliced cucumbers and fresh lettuce, and was served with caper berries (when was the last time you tried a caper berry?!). For dessert, we tried the triple chocolate molten cakes. They were still warm in the center (and it was noon, so this bodes well for the standard lunch crowd), not too sweet, really decadent.Despite the food being awesome, what really made this lunch special was the service---I'd give it 6 stars, if I could (and I'm not a hyperbolic person, they just went above and beyond the standard call of duty): the counter server thoughtfully helped us reason our way through the menu choices, then brought us out little glasses of water with lemon, explaining that she'd be there to refill them whenever we needed (and she was! They were ridiculously small glasses, I felt badly for her!). I asked if I could get a to-go box for the rest of my sandwich, and a different server took care of this for me. I didn't learn until later this afternoon that she had wrapped the minimal remains of my sandwich carefully in wax paper (it looked like one of those expertly-wrapped xmas presents!) before placing it in a larger bag. All of their food clearly contained this type of thoughtfulness and careful preparation.I'll be back again soon, and hope to try their amazing looking coffee cake next time!
4	Food is fresh and wonderful. All of it. Soups. Salads. Sandwiches. Desserts. Just delicious. You'll love it. Prices are totally reasonable. Coffee, however, needs some attention. No tables. Just relatively narrow bar seating gets cramped and rather full at lunch time. As much as I love mid-century vintage design, the space occupying the rather unremarkable shop in the back could be put to much, much better use.Rating Scale:1 Star: Avoid the town in which this place is located just to be safe.  2 Star: With so many great places to choose from, why risk this one?3 Star: I'll try it again or consume here in a pinch.4 Star: I go here regularly if financially and/or calorically feasible.5 Star: I look forward to taking my wife or friends here.
5	After stopping by Brooklyn Cafe for lunch today, I felt compelled to write again. I ordered the smoked trout sandwich to go. The place was packed, but the servers were calm and friendly. I watched as one of the prep chefs made my sandwich---I don't think I've ever seen such care go into a sandwich (sorry, Mom!): first came a layer of what tasted like goat cheese (though I think it had a fancier name on the menu), then she sprinkled it with three different types of spices. Next came the smoked trout, followed by a layer of fresh cucumber slices, some carefully-lain caperberries, followed by a mountain of greens, mint, more spices and olive oil, and capped with great bread. She was making two of these sandwiches simultaneously, and put so much time and attention into each one. I couldn't imagine her doing this over and over all day with the same care, but I was towards the end of the lunch rush, so clearly she does. They wrap it for you in wax paper, old-school style. It felt like a gift. This place is highly underrated, and consistently so (my last review here was from over a year ago).
3	Thanks to the Coffee Passport, I tried out Brooklyn Cafe.  I probably wouldn't have otherwise, it's tucked into the section of St-Viateur that I rarely pass through, and open only during daytime (working) hours.  The coffee I had was fine.  Nothing particularly amazing but not bad either, just unremarkable.  The setup was interesting, Brooklyn is part cafe, part furniture shop, but I felt like I wasn't sure where I was supposed to be allowed to sit or roam with my coffee.  The staff were very friendly, but it unfortunately friendly staff alone cannot make for an awesome experience.  I dunno, the whole thing just didn't do it for me, though I really wanted it to.Reading all these reviews, I think I may have to pass by again and try out the food, because that really seems to be where it's at.  Might be tough, considering the opening hours and the fact I work 9-5 downtown, but perhaps a nice treat on a future day off.
