5	Clementines is another of Bruntsfield's little gems that makes me wish I was a whole lot richer. Another pretty little shop filled with beautiful treats for your home. I would love to decorate my flat using this shop as inspiration as everything is just so darn nice.They have gorgeous cushions, quilts, teapots, candles, hanging things and ornamental bits and bobs. There is a real rustic, country feel to this shop. Everything seems to come straight from someones summer house in the Hamptons or at the beach. If you like pretty and nice, then you will love Clementines.
4	Clementine is an absolute darling of a store, selling wholesome but classy delights for your home.I am giggling at Amy's spot-on description that this place would be your first port of call for decorating a summer house in the Hamptons. When I had a look at their brimming shelves, I was also transported ten years into the future, to a house by the beach that I was rich enough to not only own, but to grace with stock from this store. The stripey, pastel coloured cushions would look great on a chair on my fictional patio! Come to think of it, most of this stock would look fantastic in an airy room with a sea view on a breezy summer's day. With whimsical toys, lovely plush cushions and some country kitchen inspired gifts, most of the stock is innocent and stylish. A winner with me, I am now inspired to start saving for my dream home, which will include a lot of the stock in here!
5	I love, love, love this wee shop located in the heart of Bruntsfield.It sells lots of unusual gifts for the home candles, cushions, ornatate boxes, alot of vintage style ornamental gifts and also a small selection of baby - young children clothes and gifts. I agree with previous reviews the style of the products probably wouldn't suit the younger market but i don't think they are aiming it to that market. What i really like about this shop is that their products are so different, alot of their stock is only supplied to them so when you buy a gift from Clementine you know that it is something rather special. I also love the staff they are so friendly and welcoming as is the owner.Also if you are looking for some rather different and special Christmas decorations this is the shop for you.
5	This is now one of my absolute favourite shops. I fell head over heels in love with it when I popped in with a friend in December and saw their amazing array of beautiful Christmas decorations. All beautifully made and very reasonably priced.I have visited a couple of times since, recently for a gift for my sister's birthday. She is notoriously difficult to buy for but I still managed to find something thoughtful here. The staff are lovely and friendly and they wrap whatever you buy in pretty tissue paper. If you need a gift for someone I would definitely recommend trying here, Halibut & Herring which is over the road in Bruntsfield, Eden on Cockburn Street or JOE on George IV Bridge.
4	Clementine is *very* cute. It's the kind of place where many of us could just buy and buy, but not only would we break the bank, we would be left with lots of cute but (mostly) useless nicknacks. There is not much else to say beyond the other reviews  - it's a really great place to buy gifts and household accents. One thing that bums me out though is the fact that sometimes I buy things from here that I *love* and when I come back they no longer carry that brand. Ultimately this is just a fact of a small business, but man I loved my diffuser scent and want more!
