5	Excellent service. Ask for Becca, she will take great care to ensure an excellent stay.
1	I only gave it a one star because I have to choose at least one star. They don't deserve even one star. We stayed at Vdara condo hotel this week , the property itself is nice, but the hotel service level, if they can even  be called service, totally sucks. There is always long line at the front desk, even if you just need to ask for a simple question, you will have to wait in the long line. The Assistant Hotel Manager on the day of Dec. 28th, she is full of BS and completely arrogant. Never had I had such bad experiences at any 4-5 star hotels. Will Never stay at their property again! they can carry on their arrogant attitudes until they turn away all their customers.and by the way, do NOT book through jet luxury, you will be treated like second class compared to people booking directly through the hotel. Better yet, just stay away from this place, it's not worthy of its self claimed 4-5 star level.
2	I heard about Jet Luxury through a travelzoo deal and for the first time, I have to say they dun me wrong!Jet Luxury is not at all "luxurious." I should have seen all the warning signs before I booked with them. First, it's really hard to get in touch with both their reservation staff line and their other line meant for guests. I actually was hung up on and when I finally was able to talk to a representative, their service was lackluster. In fact, the cashier at my local McDonald's probably is more eloquent. True, booking through them would have saved me about $20/day, but I have to safely say, "you get what you pay for."Second, read that fine print. At the Vdara, they will only clean OnCe during your entire stay. That's fine if you are only staying two nights, but I was planning on staying close to a week and that I found gross and totally unacceptable!The there's the fact that technically, since they rent Vdara condos that are privately owned, it's in no way linked to the hotel.  It's fine if they have folks on staff to help you, but apparently, they are only there for a few hours a day, so tough. Yolanda, the representative who helped me cancel my reservation was the one who saved them from a one star rating.  They never charged me, since I didn't stay, but if I were you, you can find a comparable deal through smartervegas.
2	It is a bit difficult to walk to the strip. They tried to charge us $45 for cleaning for the next guests...
1	DON'T FALL FOR THIS SCAM! Customer service is non existent. When I did reach someone, I was hung up on twice because the guy couldn't handle a frank critique of the terrible service. Only help they offer is to charge you for extra services. My room wasn't ready until after 4pm and the hotel couldn't do anything about it because it was booked through Jet. They room was filthy and once again the hotel wouldn't do anything about it. THEY DO NOT PROVIDE HOUSECLEANING!! Try to find where it says that when booking. You may get a cheaper price, but you get ZERO service or help from the hotel because they have nothing to do with Jet. Jet will give you zero service or help unless you want to pay for extras.
1	DO NOT EVER Book ANYTHING with Jet Luxury Resorts.  WORST customer service ever!  I haven't even checked into my hotel and its been a complete disaster!  Vdara needs to drop Jet Luxury IMMEDIATELY!  So awful!
1	Jet luxury is a horrible company to deal with. The buy up the worst rooms in hotels and then remarket them. By booking through them you get second tier status and the reason that you stay in nice hotel is flushed. I have been waiting for 4 hours to get into my room and no end in sight. Avoid jet luxury resorts!
