4	This place is awesome. I went for the first time today and had a blast just looking/trying on things. I eventually walked out with an item that was discounted (75% off!) and plan to go back for more. The owner is great, too. Definitely try this place out!
3	This was a really cute store. While I didn't find anything I liked, I would definitely stop here for a themed party. I saw several prom-ish dresses and 80's clothes. There were men/women's clothes, shoes, purses, and jewelry. I came across a really cute cream beaded top that sparkled just right. I just don't when I would wear it though. I didn't find the prices to be very expensive. I noticed a 25% off one item Yelp check-in offer which is a pretty hefty discount. I didn't spend more than maybe 10 minutes in here today, but I liked the store and thought the employee was friendly. I think this is a nice addition to the Melrose district.
5	I've been going to LollyPOP for a while now and have purchased several items from a few dresses to some super cute tops and also a few handbags/purses.  For quality pieces, I find the prices to be fair.  I'm not quite sure how "cheap" folks expect the prices to be... You get what you pay for, right?  My boyfriend seems to have even MORE success when hunting for a few awesome button down long and short sleeve shirts.  Was in recently for the one year anniversary party and had a blast... stopped by to support our local businesses on nutcase Friday and got a cute new flower for my hair... again, bf walked out with two more shirts.  Oh yeah... also enjoyed some tasty special hot cocoa. Love this store... great addition to the Melrose.  Hopefully this place sticks around for a while.
4	LollyPOP vintage is pretty sweet! They always have something I like and the service is impeccable. I dont think its too over priced, I mean this Phx not SF or NYC!! of course u will over pay a bit. duh. U should def check it out ;)
5	What a cute little vintage shop! I can't believe I haven't stopped in sooner. The owner was a nice gal and she had a lot of great stuff packed in the space, such as: mens clothing and accessories (cuff links, tie claps, and the like), womens clothing, jewelry, hats, purses, glasses, and broaches to name a few. I will definitely be back for my vintage fill in the future!
5	Heather has an amazing taste. Everything in the store is elegant and extremely stylish.  The time periods range from the 40's to 80's.  She has a great lingerie collection as well, that you can ask her about.  She has wonderful hats, gloves, unique jewelry, and the clothing is just wonderful.  I like that she focuses on unique and stylish men's clothing as well as women's and, the prices are reasonable.  Not cheap, not expensive, but well worth it.  I love her style, and the clothes she shows, she has a quirky and creative soul and it's always nice to visit.  If your thrifting in town I'd recommend visiting.
