2	So B of A was the first bank where I ever opened a checking account or had a debit card. Maybe it was the aggressive advertising aimed at students that didn't know any better that sucked me in, but it was a great deal for them.I think their dream client is a jackass teenager who forgets to check his account balance before he writes rent checks and pays phone bills so that he'll dip a few dollars too far into his funds. That way they can tack on an extra 25 or thirty bucks the next time he pays a dollar and 88 cents for a slurpee at seven eleven, and so on and so forth. Yeah, that happened to me. I don't bank with them anymore.Though, I should say, there is the occasional good hearted teller who may cut you some slack around the holidays. They represent the second star.
1	Bank of Wasting My Time is what their name should be changed to. I recently opened an account online with Bank of America. After nearly completing the application, my computer timed out. I didn't want to resubmit the application and have my credit pulled again, so I called their online technical support to see if they could verify that my account application had been received. But due to their crappy system restrictions, I was told that I would need to wait three hours before they could tell me if the application had been completed or not. The following day, I received an email stating that my account application had been approved, and documentation would be sent to me that I would need to return. I don't live at the physical address provided (in the process of moving), and they wouldn't accept a PO BOX, so I wasn't able to pick up the paperwork until about a week later. Going through all of the mail items (5 separate pieces of mail!), I found the signature card letter, debit card, debit card instructions, debit card pin number, and then a letter stating that the entire account had been closed. I called customer service to find out why the account had been closed, and the girl on the phone (who sounded like she had marbles in her mouth and was incapable of properly reading the script that was no-doubt right in front of her) told me that the account was in the process of being closed and nothing could be done. I asked why the account was being closed, and she told me that it was due to suspicious activity. I asked her to tell me what the suspicious activity was, considering I hadn't even signed the paperwork for the account yet, and there wasn't any money in the account. She told me that it was suspicious I hadn't returned the paperwork right away. It had only been a week since the application had been submitted online, and somehow that was suspicious??? I asked to speak with a manager, and have currently been holding for 50 minutes. Unless you have buckets of time to waste with this financial disaster, DO NOT open an account with Bank of America.
1	I wish I could do negative stars. They are crooks! And liars! They will rape you any chance they can get and their customer service is a complete joke. Their website has incorrect information posted and everything I have ever tried to do with BofA has been a night mare. I wouldn't wish this bank on my worst enemy!
3	The tellers are really nice and helpful and there's rarely that long of a wait.  The thing that I have noticed specifically about this one is that when I want to make a cash deposit at their ATM's, it is not able to go forward with the transaction.  Now this has happened at least 3 different times.  I have large amounts of cash that I would like to deposit, but it won't let me and it's not like I leave home just to run to the bank and come back.  I make my first stop at the bank and then continue the rest of my errands, which I don't feel comfortable carrying a lot of cash on me.  Sometimes, I'm on my way to the gym and I have to leave the cash in the car (it's hidden and there's an alarm, but it's still nothing I feel comfortable doing).
5	I love this location. Very small bank that does not have a large amount of traffic. It is one of the friendliest neighborhood banks in the valley.  Today I went in to open a small business account and was serviced by Phillip who has worked for BofA for over 10 years. He was very knowledgeable about the products which helped me and my business partner make the best decisions. His level of professionalism was top 10. I now know more about the services BofA has to offer and a new friend. Thank you BofA for hiring such wonderful people to represent your organization.
1	Worst Bank of America! Came here today to get something notarized. I was the only other customer besides two who were already with a teller. There were two other employees on the side having a side conversation. When the first customer left, I went up to the window and the lady told me her computer just went down. All I wanted to was ask a question, but she told me to get back in line and wait until the next teller was done. Well, after waiting for another 5 minutes, the next teller (a man) was done, and I said I wanted to get a document notarized. His response, "I'm sorry, but you'll have to ask the two over there." The "two" (a lady and a man) he meant were the other two employees who were having a side conversation. Well, I went up to the lady and she told me Philip was the only one certified to notarized and apparently NOW he is with a customer. Of course, after spending 20 minutes there I'm not going to wait. I rather drive to another B of A branch tomorrow to get speedier and better service.
3	Typical BofA but at least there is never a huge crowd here.
