4	Finally, the legendary Dunkin Donuts has arrived in South Las Vegas!I finally get what the hoopla is all about.  The staff at 5:30am was friendly, but not overly perky, the coffee was perfectly prepared (they add the cream and sugar for you), and the donuts were fresh and delightful.  Quite a change from what has been available in the Silverado Ranch neighborhood up until now!The news is though that the donuts aren't made on-site at the shop - there's a DD factory near the airport, and fresh-made donuts are trucked in several times a day.  (I guess this makes sense, especially with the huge expansion planned for the Las Vegas market.)  That said, the donuts I had at 5:30am on a Thursday morning were light, fresh, and very tasty.  I don't get what all the fuss is about the coffee though, I much prefer the stuff I make at home.All in all though, I think something other than Krispy Kreme is a good thing - since donut shops are scarce in my neighborhood.
4	Yes...the return of Dunkin Donuts coffee to Henderson.  The fuss about the coffee is even when you buy their beans and make it at home...it doesnt taste quite the same.   I use to get DD coffee beans at New York Deli News in Henderson before it closed and make my coffee.  However,  it never matched the great coffee at a DD store?  I have to say the powdered chocolate creme filled donut I had today at 2:15pm was close to being stale.  If they are making their donuts off site they will need to monitor distribution closely.  This is the same problem Krispy Kreme had/has! They distribute donuts all over the place and by the time the donuts are purchased they are two or three days old. Of course, that is not their original concept of getting hot donuts off the conveyor.  The DD's stores that I went to back in Illinois made their donuts on site? Regardless, I will be going to the new DD store for coffee and maybe I will try some munchkins on my next visit.  Go to the Silverado Ranch and Bermuda location soon or wait to visit the second store opening in a few weeks at Gibson and American Pacific.
5	omygoshwhydontwehaveoneofthesehereinsfalready? OMG RACHAEL RAY is on the dunkin donuts website advertising for them. WHAT THE heck????? This particular DD, freestanding with a drive in at the back, is the kind of place that should replace many of those awful dirty fast food joints that take up valuable real estate space in sF downtown (ahemcough CarlsJr/BK etc.) At 99cent/donut, 5.79 for six, 8.99 for a dozen, we're looking at some deep donut prices, but who can resist a breakfast of 2 donuts and a coffee for $2.99??? I, forone, could not. And neither could my host, HWMLV (Host With the Mostest in Las vegas). Forewarning: the staff here may be unprepared for the sheer enthusiasm that One May Express During a Visit to Said Location. The donuterista asked for us as we were interested in tshirts (no go, they told us to check online.) So, I understand this is a franchise. At 99cents/donut, what a wise choice for a franchise this is.If someone can give me a definitive explanation on the difference between Bavarian and Boston Kreme, I promise to inundate you with compliments.UPDATE: Wilhelm Y.says:  14 minutes agoAccording to wikipedia the creams have one main difference.  The pastry creams used in Boston cream products use flour or corn starch as the thickening agent while with Bavarian creams gelatin is the main thickener.Thank you!~~~~
4	Donuts are donuts, so what if they're Dunkin?When Las Vegas' first stand-alone Dunkin Donuts opened up last year, you would have thought Jesus had returned to earth and bought a home in Silverado Ranch based on the media coverage.  I like a tasty chocolate donut or maple bar myself, but I can't distinguish what makes Dunkin' Donuts better than any neighborhood donut shop.  That said, donuts are good, this place if fresh clean and new, has an extensive menu beyond donuts and is in a convenient location.  That all adds up to four stars.Now that the intense lines have diminished, going to Dunkin' Donuts is pleasant.  It's busy for sure, but still accessible.  Not only are there plenty of donuts and the delicious munchkins, but you can also grab some other breakfast items, like bagels, hot egg sandwiches and plenty of beverages.  People also rave about the coffee, but I've not tried it.The staff is friendly.  There's a drive-through.  It's a toss-up between Krispy Kreme and Dunkin' Donuts.  You can't go wrong by stopping here.
2	Words cannot adequately describe how excited I was to visit a Dunkin Donuts for the first time. As a non-well-traveled Californian (born and raised), I had only heard - never experienced - the Dunkin Donuts stories of grandeur. Indeed, their coffee had been talked up to epic proportions -- rivaling and even besting Starbucks, Coffee Bean, and others in taste tests and newspaper features.I was woefully disappointed, and I didn't even get to try the coffee. Why? Apparently it's still 1993 and Dunkin Donuts doesn't carry soymilk. Or have ever even HEARD of this mythical drink / coffee condiment.I spent my first few minutes jovially telling the DD man how excited I was to finally try their stuff and he graciously answered my iced latte vs iced coffee questions. I was all set to order when it occurred to me I never saw the word "soy" anywhere on the menu. So I asked "you guys do have soymilk, right?" . . .DD Man looks at me as if I've asked him if he suuuurely speaks Farsi. He sputters "We have skim!" I politely reiterate "No, soy. As in, non-dairy." As he hesitates to answer me (possibly stopping to try and figure out what in the hell "soymilk" is), my BF leans over and whispers "that means 'no,' Kris." So DD Man turns around and hollers to the back "hey, do we have "soy-milk" ?" I listen. "Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...." is all that can be heard. "Thanks anyway," I say, and head out.Am I in Kentucky? Kansas?? On Brokeback Mountain?! I mean soy is ubiquitous in coffeehouses! And not just in LA -- even the Starbucks drive-thru in BAKER, pop 914 has soy!!...Which is exactly where we stopped on the way back home.
3	As I pulled into their parking lot, there was a line of several cars in the drive-thru so I figured if I'm going to indulge in 700 calories of donut bliss, I might as well walk in and place my order.  To my luck, there was no one in line, I ordered two sprinkled donuts and a large iced latte.  It was my first time ordering inside so I wasn't sure if they'd give me the donuts before or after they made my drink.  It was until I noticed three other customers behind me, order and leave out the door.  There were only three people in the store including myself and six workers behind the counter and I still didn't receive my order.  I approached the shift leader and she was even surprised that I was donut-less.  She ended up making my drink and told me that the employee that started my drink left to use the restroom.  He must have really needed to go to not even finish my order.  That was a bit of too much information!  Four stars for the donuts but I have to dock one star for the crappy customer service.
5	I wish they had these in CA.  I had one of the best chocolate chip cookies I've ever had from here!The boston cream donuts are also VERY good, and fresh.This is real cheap too.  It's better than I expected!!!
1	The morning of July 4, 2009 is my first and last time at this store. My wife and I were served two bavarian cream donuts that had the consistency and texture of two-day old donuts. The worst part was the two breakfast sandwiches we also ordered was not made until 20 minutes after we placed the order and after having to follow-up on the order twice. Other customers were coming in and out of the stores with their orders being completed quickly including people who have come in long after us. Not until informing one of the cashiers that we couldn't wait any longer and that we would rather just get a refund did things move quickly. The breakfast croissant and breakfast wrap we ordered were eventually handed to us with an apology. I just didn't see any excuse for the screw up.It was a major disappointment specially since we have seen the type of service they provide at a Dunkin Donuts in New Jersey. They are very efficient and professional over there - nothing like this Vegas crew.
4	Closest D&D to my house and a neighborhood favorite of mine for some time now.  Being born on the east coast you have a strong Dunkin Donuts following throughout my family so a couple of yeas after these popped up again in Vegas we were all excited.Their Boston Cream and Blueberry Cake donuts are some of the best in town.  Also their coffee is so much better than starbucks for half the price.  They also offer breakfast sandwiches that I've yet to try.
1	I have such high hopes for DD... because it is just my favorite donut shop of all time when I was growing up in the tropics so when I saw the sign on my way to my hotel from a friend's house I could not help but screech to a stop!  It was 9PM (I know,  who buys doughnuts at 9PM right?) and when I pulled up to the drive through I was greeted with a "boring "  - "high welcome to dunkin donuts" -  that alone should have warned me of things to come but I kept my hopes up,  I ordered my usual Boston Creme Donut and a regular DD coffee.. answer? "sorry we're out of that we only have powdered sugar dipped donut"... I moved on without buying anything.  I figured it was late anyway.  So I tried again in the morning as soon as I got up, I headed straight for the same DD drive thru... alas, they have coffee, croissant and.. NO DONUTS YET, they have not had their delivery for the morning (and it's 10AM already..c'mon did LVPD buy all of them?), seriously?   They directed me to another location just a few blocks up and of course, they don't have their morning delivery yet.  I seriously thought that they were making donuts in their shop until this experience.   So I didn't quit and tried again for the 3rd time, this time it's around 5PM (on my way home to LA), I got the donuts alright and my first bite was even more disappointing!   STALE DONUT??? it wasn't delivered til after 10AM and within 7 hours the donuts were already dry and stale?  DD.. you DDissaponted a big fan!  Oh well, I'll give you another chance on my next trip to LV.
5	Cheaper than Starbucks and great service. It's on my way to work and easy to get in and out of quickly in the morning.
4	Oh how I miss Dunkin Donuts!!! Please, California get with it!!!I used to live near this particular DD, which I'm told was the very first one in Vegas. Hands down the best coffee. Yes, better than Starbucks. And this is coming from a self-proclaimed coffee snob. No Maxwell House in this house!!! I usually came in before work and got a waffle sandwich with a large iced coffee (three Splendas, plenty of vanilla cream). The prices are reasonable and almost downright economical. The only downside was that for a while, there was one barista that just couldn't get it right. Not sure if she wasn't trained well or she had a hard time dealing with early mornings. But nonetheless my order always got screwed up with her. But normally things went well. I just had to learn her voice over the drive through intercom so I knew to ask for the extras when I pulled up.I do run on Dunkin and wish they'd put one in my neighborhood here in California!!!Four Stars based on:Good foodQuick ServiceGREAT coffee!!!
4	Dunkin Donuts is your quin essential chain donut store and it has finally arrived in Las Vegas! For many years our precious valley was a vast wasteland of Krispy Kreeme's and a few solid mom and pop's donut shops (see my review of Al's Donuts) but alas, Dunkin Donuts is here again (well they came like three years ago) and we can all rejoice in their great coffee, donuts and breakfast sandwiches. One great thing about this location is their staff are very attentive and just all around nice. I have never been greeted by a more friendly drive-thru person then the girl who worked the morning shift a few days ago. Good times to that Dunkin!
4	I am now addicted to the pumpkin spice latte they make here..so I have been here getting them more than I should admit. They are so great. I even tried one iced and it was still the bomb. But I prefer them hot. I usually zip through the drive in and am back on the road super fast. I love that is on the corner of my street as well. Every couple of weeks I get some of the donut holes for the mommy group and they always go well with the latte....
1	My girlfriend and I woke up this morning hungry for something different.  She recommended Dunkin Donuts, citing that she had been there several times in the past and loved it.  She told me that they not only sell donuts, but they have other breakfast items as well. This piqued my interest. So, off we went.  Upon entering, we felt like unwelcomed guests. The cashier seemed to be hurrying us, even though there was no one in there besides us...at least no one waiting to order. The cashier, who's nametag read "Miss Deidre" was helpful in ways (recommending the everything bagel to me) and very rude in others (when I told her this would be a to go order, she got all huffy and puffy and all but rolled her eyes at me).  I ordered the bacon, egg, and cheese bagel sandwich with a decaf coffee and hashbrowns and my girlfriend ordered the ham and cheese flatbread with an iced coffee(which she threw out the moment we left).  The coffee, which I had always heard such great things about, was watery and tasted stale and old.  Two or three minutes after ordering, the guy making our food informed us that they were out of the ham and cheese flat bread.  He asked if she wanted the ham and cheese on something else. She said 'no' and then he said 'Well, I can make you the ham and cheese on the flat bread, but we're out of the pre-made ones'...huh? So ., they have the ham, the cheese and the bread, but not the sandwich?? Weird. When we got home, and started on the food, it did not take long to realize that it was abysmal.  The hashbrowns were old and burnt tasting...as if the fryer oil hadn't been changed in a month. My girlfriend's sandwich was...well....flat(forgive the pun).  The bagel sandwich tasted like something one would expect on a delta flight in 1986.  The only thing good about it was that the everything bagel that I got it on didn't have carway seeds, which I hate. I will never go back there.
3	Service was okay at this location. One good thing, they had the chocolate creme filled donuts that the other Henderson Dunkins didn't have. It was about 4pm when I went. The chocolate creme are my fave! So I was happy to see those when I couldn't find them at the Gibson location.
3	I went here to try there new sausage breakfast sandwich (hilshire)  It was good.  But for a combo about $8.00 I could have gone to Denny's or I hop and had a much better breakfast.  Over priced for a combo.  I will make my own frm now on.
4	After seeing all the ads of this place all over the media, I finally get to visit one during my trip to Vegas. It's a bit expensive but u save a little bit if u get their combo specials. I love pumpkin so I decided to try their pumpkin donut. It was light but flavorful. I also got some of their donut holes. All are fresh. They have lots of different kinds, even mint, which I have yet seen in other donut places. The iced coffee was good too but I can bite into the sugar as I drink it so I dunno wat kind of sugar they put in it. I think the coffee for my drink is affiliated w/ baskin robbins bc the coffee cup had both names on it. The guy that took my order was nice and overall, I like the place. I haven't tried their other breakfast goods yet, but may do so next time! =)
2	I have gone to this location consistently this entire week. Sleep hasn't been on my side.The staff is extremely friendly, but the goods are not the best.The coffee is almost always burnt??? I guess. It's usually bitter whether you're ordering a espresso based drink or coffee based. I can almost say with great certainty that the donuts are baked the day before. You definitely won't get the Krispy Kreme experience here. I also have tried a pumpkin muffin, which was under baked. It was impossible to eat without a utensil. The wake up wraps are pretty good. They're a bit small, but you good when you're trying to be healthy.After today with the bad muffin and burnt $4 drink, I have vowed to take the 215 to work to assure that I avoid this location.
4	Most people have their must-do's, must-visits when in Vegas. For me, this is one of them. You see, I run on dunkin donuts. Especially when I need the caffeine and carbo boost to start my morning weaving through and networking when attending a semi-weeklong event at the convention center. I didn't even mind when our morning runs made us late and when we walked in with cups in hand. It puts all the other generic coffee stands to shame. Now the million dollar question, how can we get a store in Cali?
4	Staff here is the best out of any DD I have gone too. Go there all the time on Friday morning o get the kids a Donut. They are friendly and fast.
3	We used to always make sure to stop here on our way back to California from Las Vegas.  It used to taste so good!!!  The last few trips this year though have not been the case.  The donuts and other baked goods taste okay, but they used to taste so much better.  Also, the donuts seem to be shrinking in size.  Dunkin donuts must be saving money cause there is not much glaze or frosting on their donuts now as compared to all other donut shops.  Maybe one of these days, Dunkin Donuts will be as good as they used to be.  I'll keep checking back from time to time to find out.  Their Boston Creme donut used to be my favorite donut of all-time, and maybe sometime in the future it will be again.
5	This is the original DD that got me hooked to their coffee like crack.  I really fail to understand how THIS location has lower stars than the location on Las Vegas Blvd, unless it's just a mix of people reviewing DD in general.  I mean, COME ON!  This location has got to be 10 million times better than the LV Blvd. location.  They are always friendly and always repeat my order back to me in the drive through.  I don't have to repeat myself 5 times for them to understand what I ordered.  And most importantly, they NEVER eff up my order.  Oh, SECOND most importantly, they don't hit on me like the slimy sleaze buckets at the LV Blvd. location.  Love this DD.
4	Yum! Donuts!  Love the devil's food chocolate one and the glaze is to die for!  Love them for a quick, guilty breakfast pleasure!
1	Um, no Dunkin Donuts, just no!  I went here a few weeks back because I was driving by and need caffeine.  The guy at the window seemed as though he had better things to do and was short, and not friendly at all.  Then, I got my coffee and waited to drink it until I got home.  Usually it is perfect, maybe a tad hot.  This time, my coffee was cool!  And since microwaved coffee for me is a no-no, I tossed it.  Shame on you, DD for serving luke warm coffee!
2	This was the first Dunkin Donuts I've ever visited.  I was sort of excited to try their coffee and food because their commercials make them look amazing.  Been here only a couple times for breakfast, hoping each time would be better than the last - nope.  The breakfast buns were very dry, and the flat, multicolored egg was tasteless... and multicolored.  I've tried both the hot and iced coffee, each seemed very watered down.  The only thing I've had from here with the most flavor was the salty bacon.  But I like bacon, so there's no complaining there.The speed and quality of the customer service was on point for both the inside and drive-thru.  The wait isn't too long and the staff was very friendly.  I'll probably only return to try the donuts - those commercials are still convincing.
5	Love here coffee and there customer service!
1	Well I had a coupon on my phone for a 1.99 any breakfast item and the Kathy did not know how to scan the coupon so 1 manger came over and just said u scan an left so the guy that was working came over to help her and then he said u have to pay with ur dunkin donuts app and I said well it doesn't say on the mobile coupon at all and so he told the other manger to come back over and they said I can't honor the coupon because you have to pay with your mobile app and I said well I come and use different coupons on my phone at this location a lot and never had a problem and then the the manger just left and so I ended up still getting my breakfast sandwich and my vanilla bean coolata and after I paid I got my drink quick but the breakfast sandwich took way 2 long. They forgot I ordered a breakfast sandwich and the one guy ask if I was waiting for anything else and I said yes im waiting for my bacon, egg, cheese on a bagel. Finally at 6:22 I got my sandwich. I walked into the store at 6:05 and didn't even leave the restaurant till 6:25am. Here's what my receipt says:Cashier: Kathy, C.1 Bcn FRD AM BAGEL    $3.99           Plain bagel1 Cool LG VanBean         $3.49Sub. Total                         $7.48Tax.                                  $0.61Total:                                $8.09Discount total: Customer Tired to use coupon from mobile app.Change:                           $0.00Visa:                                 $8.09Kathy even told me she was new and that she was confuse on what todo. I understand I told her and that if I was your manger I would train you much better than the 2 mangers did.
1	Every time I come to this Dunkin Donuts they always get my order wrong. They have some nice people working there but no lie 9 out of 10 times they get my order wrong. It's really not that hard but some how they manage to mess it up. I miss the Dunkin's on the East Coast, they know what they are doing out there. But I guess shame on me for coming to this Dunkin Dounts so much knowing they are probably going to get my order wrong, haha.
1	Blond manager has run this place into the ground. They screw up every single time I place an order.
2	My friends really enjoy a good cup of Joe from Dunkin Donuts. Being from Seattle and loving Starbucks, I'd never tried their coffee before. We were headed to Vegas from San Diego and wanted to stop before getting to the Strip. This location is about 5 miles away from the Strip next to South Point Hotel & Casino. They have a drive through for your convenience and I got the Vanilla Bean Coolata after asking the employee's opinion of what I should get if I like Frappuccino's from Starbucks. Everyone got their coffee and we drove off as we were in a hurry to get to town. The drink was good, if you want no coffee in it. Because I enjoy the taste of vanilla they are getting 2 stars but I kinda wanted some coffee added. Needless to say, the 4 of us seemed overall satisfied with our drinks. On the way out of town we decided to stop there again to avoid the lines of the Strip. This time I made sure to get coffee in my drink and try the Frozen Caramel Coffee Coolata. Gotta pay attention... must have "coffee" in the title or you'll get no fix. This time we went in to use the restrooms as well instead of using the drive through. The bathrooms were old and dirty but good enough. The overall wait to get our drinks was at least 10 minutes. It appeared they had a rookie staff working on a Sunday around 4 but fortunately we were their only guests. I couldn't imagine how long it would've taken had there been a line. The 3 employees I saw all seemed flustered and moving frantically to do nothing. Finally we got our drinks and ran for the car to not waste any more time. My girlfriend and I both got the same drink and we both felt like we were drinking straight caramel. Waaaaaaaaaaaaaay too much syrup. Shame on us for not tasting our drinks before driving away. Lesson learned. I'm sure if they had a trained staff the drinks would have been better and quicker, but if you're banking on getting a good drink at a good price in a hurry, there's a 7-11 in the same parking lot.
2	This place is stinking up the Las Vegas area (figuratively of coarse).  I have been there twice.  And I won't be back.  The first time I went in there, I asked for a dozen donuts and some coffee.  They hide the donuts far from the front counter.  I am old school when it comes to donuts.  I expect them front and center and let me choose every single one.  The second time I went through the drive through.  Since I can not choose my dozen I figured I would make it easy on myself.  My only request was that I get a couple of old fashioned ones with different glazes.  I got ZERO old fashioned donuts.  Instead I got FIVE plain donuts.  PLAIN donuts!  Who likes plain donuts?  I was hopping mad.  But I was 4 miles away before I realized it.  Plus old school donut shops give you a bakers dozen.  That means like 13-15 donuts.  Dunkin is all about a strict dozen.  Period.  And for more money.  I was not happy with Dunkin.  I wish there was an old school donut shop in this area.
5	Good coffee Nice people! Great manager
1	I consistently get my orders wrong here but I kept going because I love the .99 lattes in the afternoon. After today, I won't even go for the cheap lattes. I placed my order in the drive through. I say, I would like an iced soy latte. The employee heard, coolata. I told her no, an iced latte with soy milk. She says ok, gives me my total which is more than i was expecting. I drive up to the window and sure enough, there is a coolata waiting for me. I tell the lady, I did NOT order a coolata, she misheard me, I ordered an iced latte with soy milk. The employee then proceeds to tell another worker that I ordered the coolata but was now changing my order at the window. I was infuriated because she was basically calling me a liar! She said this with her window open and I could hear everything she said! She moved away so I yelled to her, NO, I did not order that, I just told you that. Without looking at me, she closed the window and walked away. I am tired of the horrible service and honestly, there is no excuse for that. I work in customer service so I know customers can be assholes but don't talk about them in from of their faces.
1	ZERO star!!POOR Customer service!!fuckin RUDE!!!doesnt even know how to greet customers and they dont even know how to say thank you.and to that white girl,you're a bitch!!!coming from california customer!!!!!!
2	I fell in love with Dunkin' Donuts for the first time while in Boston a few years back. Flatbreads, coffee, donuts oh my! We found this location on our way back into California. The young lady who took our order didn't pay attention the first two times so we had to repeat our order a total of three times. It was really simple four donuts, two of each. They managed to screw that up. We also ordered two breakfast flatbreads that were really good, but the iced coffee was awful. I'm not sure how they brew their coffee, but it just tasted like sugar water.  The cashiers were nice, but I could tell that they didn't really care about anything other than looking cute. Unlike the other yelpers, our donuts were fresh. I'll skip this location the next time I'm in Vegas, perhaps I'll look for another location because I still need my Dunkin' Donuts fix.
4	Everyone very helpful  and this Friday there giving a free donut with every coffee sold
2	This Dunkin Donuts is next to my business and I used to be a regular customer at this location. But lately, the employees there have been horrible in terms of getting my orders incorrect, or having no clue as to how to use the Dunkin Donuts redeem coupons off of my iphone. This morning I ordered a large Iced Rasberry tea. The female employee asked me "Sweetened or Unsweetened"? I told her, "Unsweetened please." I then asked for a chocolate donut with pink icing and chocolate sprinkles, this was a freebee from my DD perks. Instead of giving me the donut I wanted, she bags me a chocolate Rainbow Sprinkle. Whoops! Well, when my order was ready, I get my ice tea, take a sip, and strike two! It's sweetened! The employee knew I was on to her and upset, so rather than address me, she sends another young employee to help me out. When the young employee asked her, "What's wrong?" She tells him "I don't know what that guy wants?" Great customer service. She knew she was in the wrong and decides to hide in the back and throw her mistake on another poor employee. The manager didn't even ask me if I needed help as I was standing there obviously concerned. She just walked into the back and disapeared. If you're in the area, skip this location as I've been to other DD's that are much friendlier and have staff that know what they're doing!
3	Coffee is okay, the donuts are just okay also. I will not return to this store. I had a coupon for a free coffee and the employee did not know what to do.
1	Good thing this DD is not my first experience because if this was I wouldn't go back. The donuts were cold and stale. The French crueler had a layer of fat on it. This location uses crystal sugar in their ice coffee and there was a layer of sugar on the bottom, other locations I've been to use liquid sugar. The only positive thing was that the staff was nice. I usually love DD, but this location is awful.
3	Breakfast sandwich has been great, and the donuts are pretty good. Employees could use some work. I wouldn't say they were rude, but they definitely weren't very welcoming. But since there's no DD by me, I don't mind stopping here when I come to Vegas
5	Customer service was +A  . The manager even helped me find a better value when looking for coffee kcups.  Place was clean well stocked and they had Munchkins!!!  Here from Orange County and everyone in LV is out but this joint had everything I needed.  Needless to say did I just spend 60$ plus at DD? It was worth it and the bbq chicken sandwich all I have to say is Wendy's watch out playa! Great experience will be back .
5	DD was a big deal when I was a kid. Their donuts were a treat, and as I grew up their coffee became an even bigger treat. (I still like it better than Charbucks, and I love that they still make it for you with cream and sugar.)Anyway I hadn't had DD in a long time and now that I'm too old to just walk in and order 3 donuts, I ordered off their breakfast menu. The lady at the counter could see I was confused, and was helpful. She even offered additional bagel options for my sandwich. I hate it when the counter person expects you know the menu, and offers no guidance, or worse acts annoyed because your not a savvy guest. Brittany was upbeat and helpful. I did have a donut before I ate my sandwich and it was as good as I remember. The service was good, the music was upbeat, the coffee was a little sweet like I drank it when I was a kid. Thanks DD for a nostalgic morning.
