5	We've officially found our new Sports Bar. Going there was pure coincidence.  We were in the area, hungry, I'd seen it several times before and the girlfriend wanted to watch the Ohio State game.  Not until we walked in the door and saw nothing but Ohio state fans, and signs/banners/etc for the Buckeyes and the Browns did we realize that we'd just walked into an Ohio bar.  I was there with 2 Ohio people. They were in heaven.  But then, the person helping is, named Kristin so of course she was great, was really friendly.  And then we ordered food and it was really, really good.  We got Philly's (chicken & beef) and pizza, though their menu also included lots of pasta, fish & chips, burgers, and more.  Our Philly's were so big each of us could only eat half.  The 7inch pizza was scarfed quickly - and she said it was the best pizza she'd had yet in Arizona.  (Ok, we need to take her some more places - but still - point made...).  Prices were really good, and they had some good drink specials.  Three kinds of beer, including Fat Tire were $2.50/bottle.  They also have a location in Ahwatukee and I'm sure it's just as Ohio friendly since the owner is the Ohio fan.  The inside of this location was divided into 3 sections, dining, bar, and games in the back.  There is also an outdoor porch for smoking.  The inside has tons of wood,  with glass on the top so you can see through to the other areas - including any of the 20 TVs around the place.  Even if you're playing pool, pinball or Golden Tee in the back.  Great neighborhood spot.  Very friendly.  Great food value.  5 star thumbs up.
4	We've been to Hail Mary's quite a few times this fall because it is an Ohio bar...Saturdays, they show the Buckeye games and then on Sunday, it's time for the Browns. In fact, it's one of the meeting places for the Browns Backers club out here. My husband is a huge Browns fan, so you'll find us almost every Sunday at Hail Mary's.The food is pretty much typical bar food, but they serve Cincinnati chili which is another reason my husband likes this place. The chicken nachos is one of our favorite things to order, and with some beer, it makes the perfect lunch during a Sunday game.  Pitchers of beer are a bit pricey at $10, but they also have 32 oz beers for $5.  The owners are incredibly friendly and they socialize with the customers frequently.  Nice wait staff, although because of the crowds and small staff, the wait for service can be a bit long at times.  The restaurant, bar and patio have tons of TVs, so watching the games isn't a problem.  In the bar area, they will typically show one or two other games besides the Browns. The staff is very accommodating about turning on the game you want, which is nice.
2	I've been to Hail Mary's on Priest for lunch several ties, and I've been there for Happy Hour more times than I can count, since I used to wok nearby at University of Phoenix.  The food is not bad, and it's worth the low prices on the menu, no question.  I did not care for the spinach dip I ordered, as it was very watery.  Other than that, no complaints on the food.  The drinks though are watered down and neither refreshing nor tasty - that goes for the soft drinks and the booze.   I try to keep an open mind; I keep going back when my Iowa friends invite me, since they say the place is "Iowa friendly."  I'm not from Iowa, but I love those guys, so I show my support and tag along.  Granted, I only paid $10 for thee vodka tonics, but they were really yucky vodka tonics that somehow tasted sweet.  It's not unbearable, but I'd advise ordering beer here and not cocktails.
3	I like to come here every so often for the fake Skyline.  It's not quite as good as the real stuff (the cheese in particular isn't quite the same...), but it's about as close as AZ is going to get. If you don't know what I'm talking about: Skyline is a restaurant in Ohio that serves the BEST chili in the world.  Coincidentally, i went to High School with the granddaughter of the secret recipe inventor. Random, but true.Though I prefer to stay closer to home when I go out for NFL Sundays, I wish I could come here more often as it seems to be the official home away from home for all displaced Browns fans in the greater Phoenix area, so that's a big plus.All in all, three stars for the Ohio-centric effort.  It's never blown me away, but I'm glad it's there.
4	Want to do something midweek and not sure where to go?  If you like a sports bar atmosphere and like to play trivia then this is a great place to go on a Wednesday night.  I'm scoring the place based on the staff and the new happy hour menu.   Recently, a group of friends ,my husband and I went there for some Wednesday night trivia.  We always have a great time and the happy hour menu did not disappoint us.  If the place is really crowded you may have to wait a little bit for your food and drinks, but it's worth it.   For those that like ice tea I recommend theirs.  I haven't been disappointed yet.Between 6:30 and 7pm trivia starts and is a lot of fun and you can win gift certificates towards your next meal/visit.   The place isn't as noisy as it is at other places and it is nice to be able to conspire with your friends when playing trivia.
1	Sports bar wanna be. Food was cold and so so flavor. Had the Hail Mary burrito which was nothing special, just ground taco meat and the usual veggies wrapped up in a flour shell.  Waiter didn't seem to interested.  Not a happenin' place.
4	I ate here twice last week while in Tempe on vacation. The Cinncinati chili 5 way was AMAZING. The service was pretty good as well.  Highly recommend this place for great food, and a relaxing enviornment
4	So I have been in search of a place to watch Football and Basketball...As I am a Fanatic! I am honestly tired of the same old Native and chain sports bars. So my friend and I were planning on watching the Suns game last Monday, and I went to yelp in search of a place to try. I read the reviews on Hail Mary's, and wasn't completely convinced..but I decided to try it.Now, I am sold! First off, it is extremely comfortable, you walk in and get to decided where you want to sit. The bar area is nice, kind of small, but very nice! The main room had many booths (my personal favorite) and tables. TV's were everywhere, it would be hard to find a bad view. They are great about changing your tv to what you want to watch!  As well as most of the booths have a tv at the head of the table.They have amazing happy hour specials, Monday-Friday 4-7pm, many different items are only $.99! The pork tacos are amazing, Cajun Fries (yum, spicy too) and Rippers (do you know that those are? SO Tasty!) You just can't beat $.99!I have now been 3 times, I did mention I was a sports Fanatic, right? And it hasn't been crazy busy, but there are people. Service is always good! I highly recommend this place! Especially during happy hour!
2	Damn you Hail Marys, I wanted to like you, I really really did!! You're so close to my office, you have TVs in each of your comfy leather booths, you have cheaptiy cheap cheap drafts and a 99 cent Happy Hour menu!! Why I ask? Why was your food so terrible??I went there with a coworker today all excited after reading about how good their chili was right here on Yelp, and then something awful happened. They brought me my "chili" (if you can even call it that) on a plate of spaghetti, mounds and mounds of spaghetti. It was the strangest thing I've ever seen, not to mention tasted. There wasn't much "chili" on top of my spaghetti, and it was pretty darn flavorless. My chili somehow morphed into some really gnarly spaghetti with sweet meat sauce on top...definitely not what I imagined.My colleague ordered the buffalo chicken wrap which came with a side of hand cut fries. The fries were limp but flavorful. The wrap however was not a winner. After he removed all the tomatoes (which he forgot to mention he didn't want,) there was hardly any chicken in the wrap. He said there may have been 1 chicken finger cut up in the entire sandwich. Kind of a bummer for $8 or $9.We were both obviously disappointed in our meal and our server knew it. He did not however care, which was kind of a bummer on top of everything else. I would've come back here and given the food another shot if the service was better, but now this will remain solely a drinking establishment for me in the future.One day I will find a sports bar in the greater PHX area with dozens of HD TVs and buffalo chicken wraps that come with chicken in them, and chili that does not come on a plate of spaghetti, however sadly, today is not that day...
3	Went here for dinner on a weeknight.Pros:Order sodas and they'll bring you a pitcher.  Chicken wings were meaty and delicious.Decent amount of TV screens there.Cons:Cincy Chili was warm to luke-warm.  Certainly not hot.  Also, not as flavorful as I had hoped.Tomato bisque soup is large in portion, although a tad salty.  Watch out.Service was spotty, but the servers themselves are extremely nice.Saw the Happy Hour details and they seem like a deal.  Bud Light is the special and the apps are like 99 cents.  Might come back for that. All in all, not a bad place.  Certainly worth the price.
1	This place is HORRIBLE!!!!!!  I work about a hundred yards away and have eaten there twice now.  The first time the place was empy and it took 30 minutes to get our food.  The second time there were people there but still not full and it took an HOUR and FIFTEEN MINUTES for them to bring out burgers, fries, a pork sandwich,and wings!!!!  Nobody came back to apologize or see how we were doing, and then when we did talk to a manager she was a complete BITCH and offered us coupons for a free fountain drink.  This place is a joke unless you have 2 hours to kill for lunch and enjoy mediocre bar food and bitchy bar managers.  They will never see another one of my hard earned dollars and I hope they do not see of any of yours!!!!
4	I tried  to go to Hail Mary's yesterday after work.  It was closed!  There was a notice on the door that read "Arizona Department of Liquor Licenses and Control NOTICE The Liquor License at this establishment is SUSPENDED for violations of the State Liquor Laws for a period of 7 days.  1st day of July 2010 to the 8th day of July 2010.  Does anyone know what happened and if it will reopen?
4	Let me just say I moved out of the Tempe Area a little over a year ago and now live in Prescott !!  Yea !!!  But before I moved up here I lived, worked, played and Ate in Tempe and Hail Mary's was the spot for me. I would say that over a 3-4 year period I ate there every day Monday through Friday for dinner and was very rarely ever disappointed.There steak sandwiches were to die for and best french fries and ranch dressing in the valley.I lived on their salads and kinda made up the now famous every-where buffalo chicken salad.The bartenders rock and are very personable as are the owners. Although their other staff can be sketchy at best and depending on who's cooking they can be a little inconsistent. To the lady who complained about their chili and all the spaghetti, I would tell her to READ the menu a little better next time and understand what she ordered was the Cincinnati Chili goofy, I don;t like it either, so next time order just the darn Chili and I am sure you will like it.The current owners (No names mentioned) took over this restaurant from an excellent CHEF and his wife.  They made the menu and cooked the food and all was perfect.  So perfect it worked them to death and after having their baby, they sold the place so they could enjoy more time as a family.  When the NEW owners took over the place they used the same menu for quite some time and then decided to add some of their own items (Mistake) if you ask me, and then didn't pay as much attention to what made the place famous, their steak sandwich and other lunch menu items.  Not only did they change the menu, but they changed the name of the place and directed most of the traffic to the BAR.Hey, it's their place and they can do what they want, and they are making money and keeping a nice little local place alive !!!I pop into Tempe every once in a while and stop in to say hi, and am always remembered and greeted with a smile and a hug.So, stick to the Drinks and the steak sandwiches and salads and of course their fried ravioli and you can't go wrong.
4	Update...I found out that they were closed because they got caught serving alcohol to minors and decided to take their punishment during a time when people were likely not working and out of town....1 July to 8 July.
1	Went a week ago Sun to watch football and have drinks and food.  Ordered a personal pizza and it took at least a half-hour whereas it should have been not more than 15 minutes. There weren't more than a dozen people in there and none to my knowledge were ordering food.  Blech.  The front was burnt and it was flavorless.  Didn't care to ask for a re-cook.  Bartender/server had a business face, not overly friendly if you arent a regular (read Cleveland fan).  Staffers were also sitting around in public area eating and drinking, and probably didn't want be bothered by strange people.  That reflected in tip (small).  Also had an off-track betting room but money for that was saved for later.  Left well before halftime of the late games and went elsewhere.  Menu had description of "Hail Mary" football play, but this pass was dropped in the end zone.
3	It's a dive bar / sports bar between ASU and a business district, what did you expect? Decent food, large portions, cold beer, and slow service. I go back to chill on the patio with friends because it is convenient and reminds me of the TKE house the day after a party.
1	Bad.  So bad.  We came in for lunch, sat down at 11:15.  Ordered at 11:30.  Got part of our food (only after asking) at 11:45, the rest came out at 12:05.  50 minutes to get 3 child sized orders of chicken tenders.  And no offer at all for freshened drinks.  Not good.
3	Great happy hour food, good atmosphere and if you get the bug to play the ponies, just mosey on over.  I was disappointed that since my last visit they got rid of two of my favorite beers
1	The staff was too busy hanging out with each other to help much.And when I asked about a certain beer, what kind it was, they couldn't answer / did not care.They did offer Cincy-style chili but the place was so lackluster I didn't dare try.Not much more to tell you. Not worth the visit.Not going back.
3	This place is close to my work so a co-worker and I popped in for lunch one day.  It's a nice little bar and grill type place.  I can't speak to what types of beers they have on tap or what kind of bar they have because I did not drink while I was there.  The menu has the usual wings, nachos, and skins.  The one item that caught my eye was Cininnati Chili!  They had 3, 4, and 5 way chili and if you've never tried it, you should.  It was delish!  Cincinnatie chili is basically chili over spaghetti.  3 way is just chili, spaghetti, and shredded cheese on top. 4 way is  chili, spaghetti, shredded chesse and diced onions. 5 way is chili, spaghett, shredded cheese, onions, and beans.  The chili is made with cloves, cinnamon, and allspice to give it a bit of a different flavor but it is delicious.  I have been in Arizona almost two years now and this was the first place I had seen Cincinnati chili.  If you are a fan, try it here. I thought they did a fine job.  Service was fast and friendly too but we did go after 1pm so the lunch rush was over.
3	Growing up in the greater Cincinnati area, everyone has there favorite chili parlour.  Mine is Dixie Chili on Monmouth in Newport, KY.  After moving away to St Louis in 2006 and Tuscaloosa, AL in 2007 I looked for the dish but none had any equivalent to the Cincinnati style chili.  When I moved to Tempe for graduate school, I thought that I was doomed to a life without the delicious chili.  But then I got curious and googled "cincinnati chili phoenix" and Hail Mary's was the first thing to show up.  I had never heard of the place but it is right here in Tempe on Priest and 14th.  The atmosphere is awful as it is an Ohio State bar... shudder... but I will brave anything for good chili.  So I decided to check it out this afternoon.  I ordered up my favorite chili dish, a 4 Way with heavy onion.  It came out quick, and was served in a circular soup bowl style dish with a knife.  If you have ever been to a Cincy Chili Parlour then you know it is served on oval dishes and a knife is not part of the equation. You cut that stuff with a fork, no noodle twisting... However, I didn't let that get me down, the cheese is definitely not the same, but it did the trick. The onions were cut a little too big, but the taste was there.  Now on to the chili, I will say, it is all there, I was not disappointed.  It could have been a little less meaty, but it was all there.  One grippe, Tabasco is not a thick enough hot sauce to serve with the chili, they need to get Frank's Red Hot or the Kroger brand hot sauce.The off track betting was a little annoying but if you are into that kind of stuff then check it out...It isn't Skyline, Gold Star, PRC, or Dixie, but in the Valley of the Sun where nobody is a native, it will do...
4	Alright, so this place may have a bit of an unfair advantage in my book. Why? Well first of all, I'm a fan of dive bars. Second, I love karaoke. Add to that their monthly "costume" days (They've done trailer trash night, "Sunday Best" on Easter, Halloween costume contest, etc) and I'm going to be a fan.Now granted, the menu is rather schizophrenic. It doesn't know what it's trying to be. But the food that is available on there is actually pretty tasty and well priced. It's a dive bar, though. You can't go there expecting spectacular gourmet. Or at least, I wouldn't. I go there expecting cold beer, friendly faces and bar food.Plus the aforementioned karaoke is a blast. Thursday nights. 8pm. Be there. So much fun! :-D
