5	This is best the Thai restaurant I've been to in Edinburgh and has quite a unique take on a few classic dishes that works out really well in my opinion. Their Pad Thai is the best I've ever had. Being a basement restaurant it has a nice dark, cosy atmosphere.
5	Great food. Great service. Will be returning. Coconut rice and red curry with pineapple are to die for.
5	thai food is one of those simple pleasures in life that makes me so happy.  and this restaurant down a short flight of stairs and cosied up in a stockbridge basement just does it right and i always leave with a smile.sunday night and a quick dinner needed by me and the boyfriend.  i immediately knew i want some sort of asian food, leaning toward wagamama, but suddenly my brain and my stomach shouted THAI!  and off we went.  we were greeted very warmly upon entering the restaurant and shown to a table right next to their very pretty christmas tree.  one of the things that i just love about ruan thai is that the tables in the front room go into these little alcoves, clearly indicating that this used to be the basement of a grand house.  but i think the alcoves just make the place look cosy and intimate.i couldn't resist my favourite thai dish and order the pad thai with king prawns.  we also shared the crispy chicken spring rolls with some green tea to drink.  the spring rolls arrived quickly and were very crispy, piping hot on the inside, and very delicious to eat!  i was sad that the portion was a wee bit small, only three to spilt between us but it would have been a good size for someone that wasn't sharing.after another short wait in which a very nice waitress wiped down our table and refilled our tea pot with hot water for more green tea (free of charge!) our mains arrived.  the boyfriends spicy chicken curry looked yummy, but i have to say my pad thai was the star!  lots of noodles, five huge king prawns perfectly cooked, bean sprouts and springs onions all wrapped up in a perfectly cooked omelette with a side of peanuts and hot chillis.  i'm a wimp so gently pushed the dried chillis away from my delicious noodles but scattered the peanuts across the top, squeezed a bit of lemon over it all and dug in.  oh my, pad thai you make my heart and my tummy happy.  i think i said about three times that this was the best pad thai in edinburgh.  this restaurant just seems to get it perfect everytime!  the sauce is super flavour with just a touch of spice, the noodles are well cooked, and the prawns...oh the prawns!  huge butterflied king prawns that were fresh and delectable and just simply glorious.  i'm reliving this meal typing the review and it's just magic really.also something needs to be said of the service here.  the waitresses are so nice and so helpful and seem to just appear right when you need them.  they bring food quickly but don't make you feel rushed and are so warm and welcoming that you could probably stay all night if you wanted.  i seriously love this place!  it may be a bit expensive, but thai food generally is.  and the quality you get is so worth the price.  i just wish i could justify ordering that delicious pad thai for my dinner again tonight!
5	My barefeet gently caressed the warm sand, in the distance the ocean waves could be heard rolling on the shore, there was faint, friendly Thai chatter and beeps from motorbikes whizzing past in the background with the occasional whiff of the ocean or a sewer (if you have been to Thailand, you will know what I mean). The sun's rays were kissing my neck as it was setting and I lifted my fresh coconut to take a sip but was rudely awakened when I missed my mouth with a forkful of food and stabbed my cheek instead. For a moment I was dreaming I was back in Thailand and this feeling stayed with my while I dined in Ruan Thai.Thai food is my favourite and I was pleasantly surprised to discover this wee gem tucked away in a basement on Howe Street. For some reason I often overlook restaurants at basement level - preferring to opt for somewhere I can see into the window but never again will I do this and perhaps this aided my daydreaming - not being able to look out onto the street. The dilema I experienced here was choosing what to eat as I wanted it all and amazingly they do a dish, combining two different curries on one plate which complimented each other so well - winner! To start with I chose parcels of chicken marinated with honey, Thai whisky and Thai herbs, wrapped in pandan leaves, deep-fried and served with sesame soy sauce. After a mouthful of leaves I discovered they are not in fact for eating but for presentation only so I looked like a panda which had been caught with a guilty pleasure of something that was not bamboo. My main dish consisted of sea bass topped with sweet and sour sauce of pineapple, tomato and spring onion on one half of the plate and I think soya bean sauce, Chinese mushrooms, ginger, celery, coriander and cashew nuts on the other half. To finish, my favourite Thai pudding - sticky mango rice which I could eat all day every day. This was the best Thai meal I have ever had outside of Thailand. What also contributed to my daydream was that the food was truly authentic as sometimes I have felt when eating in other Thai restaurants, it is Westerners imitating Thai or making do with the ingredients available in the UK, which just doesn't give the same experience. I even loved that the vegetables were so chunky - typical of how they were presented in a dish in the East.I also like that in addition to using real Thai ingredients from Thailand, Ruan Thai hand pick vegetables from local markets and source other meats and fish from suppliers in Edinburgh so I feel that what they serve up comes with extra love. Thai people are the friendliest people I have met so far and even on a miserable day, the staff here are always lovely. I really like the cosy, charming feel of the place and appreciate the Thai artifacts and furnishings decorating the interior. Personally I missed the sound of Thai music playing in the background - it was of a jazz sound but it was pleasant.I can't wait to look up their restaurant in Thailand the next time I go back!
4	Really great food at a reasonable price, but slow service.
5	Truly excellent Thai food.  We walked passed 2 other Thai restaurants en route to this one based on the reviews promising delicious authentic dishes.  I'm glad we did - the ladies working there are so sweet, the atmosphere is funky and welcoming, and we cleaned our plates.  May head back here for Round 2 before we leave town tomorrow.
4	This is a solid choice for Thai takeaway in the neighborhood (you can place your order online and go pick it up at a specified time). Pad thai is our go-to. And the soups, the soups! Get the soup.Good weekday lunch deals to be had.
4	The Lazy Gal's Bible.Entry #50:I go to great lengths to avoid cooking on a regular basis, so I feel like i've become a bit of an expert when it comes to take out/delivery options. Of the thai i've tried, (all two of them) this place currently ranks in my top spot.It's a tiny little place, tucked under the stairs as you make your way into Stockbridge. All of five or six tables, I was pleasantly surprised when I popped my head in the door last week - it's cozy and cute. Would make an excellent little date spot, if you aren't like me and a lazy sod who prefers pad thai to be accompanied by pajamas.My first go round, I wasn't overly impressed. I got the vegetarian spring rolls and a stir fried option with crispy chicken (the name escapes me and I can't seem to find it on their online, so just keep "crispy chicken" top of mind when you peruse) and I would pass on both in the future. The spring rolls were half decent, but definitely nothing special and the stir fry was kind of like the microwave stir fry options you get at the shop (and remember: expert on this stuff). It was decently tasty but entirely unmemorable and definitely not enough to coax me back.Except, as stated time and time again: i'm lazy.Which means, on a Thursday night when i'm craving thai food and this is the closest/offers online ordering/delivery spot in the neighbourhood? I'm going to give them a second chance.Gosh, I'm glad i'm lazy sometimes! My second take out experience from this place was miles better than the first. For my second go round, I kept it safe with chicken satay, vegetarian pad thai and sticky rice. Let's break it down:Chicken satay: this may be the best satay i've ever had. It comes with a peanut sauce and a cucumber sauce and just go ahead and dump that all over your meat on sticks. It's delicious and well balanced - but extremely messy. Hence why this would make a perfect take out (anyone who sees you dribble sauce, already likes you enough to watch you eat in your pajamas) but a pass for date night munchies (dribble privileges come later).Vegetarian pad thai - i'm one of those obnoxious people that roll their eyes when people order pad thai because it's so "unadventurous" but consider me smacked upside the head. This dish is incredibly tasty and the ground chillis adds an unexpected kick. It's also nice to see they're making it with proper tamarind sauce.Sticky rice - ok, this is going to sound loopy, but this was my favourite. It's surprisingly easy to mess up sticky rice and this was both a good portion and an excellent midnight snack. Throw some left over peanut sauce on that bad boy and you have snacking excellence. I will definitely swing by for more of this in my lazy future.So consider me turned - I am definitely a fan of this little spot and am quite happy that I gave it a second chance. It's a solid choice for lazy guys/gals everywhere (within 5 miles...)
