5	Scheduled the appointment online, which showed current availability. Beatriz arrived and got straight to business, she gave me a few first-time forms to fill out and escorted my pup into the air-conditioned grooming trailer. A short time later, she rang the bell and I got a clean, happy dog. She fixed his nails to be more rounded (less sharp!) and tied a bandana around his neck (too cute!). Same price as pet-smart, but in my front-yard!
2	Online appointments are a breeze and convenience of mobile groom is great....  But, $70 is way out of line for a tiny 5 pound dog. I would be fine with the price if my little guy looked great but the groomer obviously has NO IDEA what a basic puppy cut is. I have a little white Pomeranian and this LION cut is so short he'll burn in the sun and his head isn't shaped well. The kicker...they don't accept credit cards. What?  If I wanted to dash out to the ATM, I would have just dropped him off at a grooming salon. No thanks.
4	With 2 Maltese/Poodle mixes, someone always needs groomed.  I was a customer when Beatriz still owned the business but chose to give the new owners a chance.  My oldest adored Beatriz and we were sad to hear she had left.  Now both little ones adore Paul. I am glad we stuck with the new ownership. The good:  Mobile service to your door.  No trauma or drama. No 4 -5 hour waiting and no crating/kenneling.  I am very particular about this.  I do not like my littles crated for hours on end.  The convenience alone is priceless. Plus I appreciate that it is so much less stressful for my dogs. Competent and professional. I've always been pretty specific about the cuts/needs and Paul or JoAnna provide feedback and take care of business. No bad or botched cuts. They even advised me to not cut my youngest too short as he has pink skin and too short of a cut would be too much sun exposure. They arrive on time or call ahead if something unexpected occurs (rare). They are always respectful of my time.  I also get a confirmation/reminder call and email a day ahead of the booking. My boys don't smell like cookies. I hate that overly sweet scent most places use. My little ones just smell clean. The bad: Cash/check only.  I wish they took more forms of payment but understand that can be an extra cost to the business. Very pleased overall and have recommended to others.
5	Of course I love these groomers. All the groomers with Pampered Pets on Wheels are highly trained and have a passion for what they do. You can tell by how comfortable the dogs are with them and how well they do on the grooms.  Also they are quick. Puppies dont have to be locked in cages for hours on end at a salon. Paul is wonderful and Joanna and Christy are sweet. Two groomers are better than one!!! I definately recommmend Pampered Pets on Wheels!!!!!
5	Christie just left our house. What a great cut. The dogs loved her. We found our new groomer
5	Still extremely satisfied with Pampered Pets on Wheels (see my previous review).  Paul and Christy helped me identify a hard to pin down health issue because they really pay attention and know my oldest little guy so well.  That's peace of mind that you can't put a price on; you're not just a name or a number!  These groomers really do love the pets entrusted to their care.
5	The groomers did an awesome job. They arrived on time, were extremely friendly and took great care of my dog.  My dog has an odd temperament and they worked so well with him. They are my new groomers now!
5	Just tried out mobile grooming for the first time and used Pampered Pets on Wheels. The whole experience was fantastic and you can tell customer service is their specialty. In addition to working with the fantastic team that really knows what they are doing, their prices are totally reasonable. Pampered Pets on Wheels will be our regular groomers from now on- super happy with their service!!
5	My dog looks great!  Here are my comments:-I learned that when you schedule, you should allow up to 1 hour for drive time. I scheduled for 11AM and Paul arrived at 1130AM.-Paul did a great job with my dog. I was able to watch the entire time. He does a dry cut, bath, then a touch up cut. -Paul informed me that the groomers affiliated with Pampered Pets on Wheels all went to grooming school back when licensing was required in Nevada. Now that there is no grooming school left in Nevada, anyone (including myself) can be a "groomer". This explains why my dog's previous haircut was uneven.-$60 for a full groom: cut, wash, cleaned ears, anal glands expressed (which I declined because she just had it done) and nail clipping, all done right outside my apartment. Cash only.-Easy online appointments. If you're a new customer, email them your address.-Be sure to have 4-5 car parking spaces or a sizeable curb-space available for the truck and trailer!  The trailer was clean and impressive...especially after learning that Paul put it together!Overall, very impressed.  Paul was detailed, kind to my pup, and quick.  The whole appointment took an hour and a half and I was able to watch the whole time. My dog never had an issue with other big chain groomers, but I gave this a shot because of other dog owner's bad experiences. In comparison, I really enjoyed this grooming experience much more.  I think my puppy did too!Thanks!!!
5	I like. I'm not organized, wifee might say "impulsive" when she's being polite and just roll her eyes when feeling less sensitive. So when I see an impressive looking dog grooming rig driving through my neighborhood, I simply have to dash out into the road and flag them down.Once the occupants had calmed down and realized I was not a "dog grooming truck/trailer jacker" we had a nice conversation and they explained they came to my 'hood frequently and could accommodate my mutts spa needs.We schedule for 11-00 am today, they arrive at 10-59, plug a cable into the power outside my house and take Ozzy & Murphy into the trailer. I peeked inside to check it wasn't a dog organ harvesting operation and even though I don't know what that might look like I leave the babies and retreat back to the house for some very important work on my iPad. About 3 hours later, the mutts are brought back to the front door. Smelling delightful, looking pretty, bandanas, clipped nails and HAPPY. $105 for both.Just awesome!
5	Exceptional service and a true professional, we have 2 large dogs or one big lab and a mini horse malamute mix  as is closer to the case. The malamute is a rescue and not the best bather as he believes it's all just a big game and play time. My groomer could be a starting linebacker for any pro team after tackling this task!! Excellent service, amazing staff, the puppies were happy thank you and hope to have you back again
5	It's the 3rd time I used their service, this time for my chihuahua mix and our new baby Yorkie! The tech was on time, friendly and helpful, she even gave me tips on what to do in between grooming visits. My babies look and smell so good! I am very pleased!
5	Excellent! In the 2 years I've lived in the Vegas region, I've been trying to find a competent, reliable mobile pet groomer & these folks are the real deal. I've had them out twice now & they've been punctual, easy to communicate with and plan with, and friendly. They're the only groomer I've experienced who can handle my 2 squirmy rescue cats and not leave them traumatized. I'm so relieved to have found Pampered Pets! Can't thank them enough. Worth every dime.
1	Wow, not at all what I expected from the reviews. First, they did a terrible job. That's the least I can expect. My Baby's hair cut was choppy and spots missed. On top of that they razor burned his bottom and privates. I have had this happen before so I asked them to be careful. Glad I said something?? Secondly, the price... I don't mind spending a little extra for good service, but $90 for a basic cut and tooth brushing is just stupid. I was under the impression that teeth cleaning and nails are part of a full groom, you know, since it is everywhere else. It isn't with this groomer and I was told this after they arrived for the appointment. So not only did they use my electricity, burned my dog, did a bad job on his teeth and cut, but then they overcharged me. Looks like I am still on the hunt for a decent groomer in Vegas.
5	I have used Pampered Pets multiple times for my little Pomeranian.  Paul is very nice and helpful with my shy somewhat protective Yogi Bear.  He took the time to let Yogi get to know him before taking him to the trailer which is good. Always a good job on the trimming and the shampoo smells so good. He also gave us tips on how to keep his cut looking fresh. Having the groomer come to the house is a huge convenience, and knowing my dogs are okay and not locking in a kennel waiting their turn makes me happy. I would and am going to continue using their services.
5	Marissa was great with my cat who hates to be groomed. She was patient and very loving to him. She was great with my dog also. I will use them again.
