4	I've gone to Scott at the Spot a couple times and love the cuts he gives me. I don't like sleek, modern cuts, so finding a stylist I like is difficult because that's usually all they can/want to give me. But really, I like to look like I got in a fight inside a windtunnel, and Scott obliges. The Spot is a super hip but super comfy house converted into a salon. The stations are centered around a big fish tank. It's nice to have something to watch other than yourself! (at least, I think it's nice, I'm actually totally blind while getting my hair cut because I have to take my glasses off...but still, I can imagine the fishies are wonderful)That being said...I had a friend-of-a-friend who had a bad experience with getting her hair colored here, so I don't think I'll be getting color done at The Spot.
5	My girlfriend and I get our hair cut by Topher. We are very happy EVERY SINGLE TIME. Which is a lot to say. I am extremely picky about my hair and I hate when stylists try to make me look like a soccer mom. The massaging chairs are the best.
5	AJ does my hair. She's good. Highly recommended.
5	I had my first haircut at The Spot a few weeks ago, and I was very happy. I have curly hair which is hard to cut and reliably I am dissatisfied with the cut. However, the stylist (whose name I can't remember, it was like Alise) did an awesome job and I was thoroughly satisfied. The ambiance is really relaxing, and I loved that I called on a Wednesday and got in to be seen that day. Hope my next cut is just as great!
1	To me this is unethical behavior - to you it may not be. Make up your own mind.Topher used to cut my hair at The Spot. This was before I decided I had lost enough hair such that It was time to break out the clippers and go bald. Bald is the new black, so not so bad.Then some time later, I got a phone call from someone at the spot saying, we know you haven't been in for a while, want to make an appt? I said, well, I shave my head now, but tell Topher I said hi. They told me he left. That set off alarm bells. They are calling all his old customers! That just seems kind of weird and low since he was previously involved with but left the business. I'm not going back anyway, because I'm really happy with a shaved head. But even if I had hair, I wouldn't go back. Just my .02! Take this review for what it's worth. I don't know if this is considered bad etiquette in the hair world, but I always felt like I was Topher's client - not The Spot's.
5	My mom decided to cut my son's hair just days before school pictures and ended up giving him a mullet/bowl haircut... Yah, I dont know how she managed it either. So, I took my son to The Spot on 16th St because it's close to our house.  AJ cut my son's hair and did an excellent job. It is hard to please a 1st grader and their parent both but she did! I highly recommend AJ. She was so friendly and she listen to what my son and I wanted for his haircut. My son had a hard time sitting still in the chair, but she was fast and accurate with the cut. If you are looking for a salon that is kid friendly, AJ at The Spot is the stylist you are looking for. They also have a fishtank that totally entertains the kids. Now everyone is happy except his mullet loving grandma... lol
4	I was contacted by the owner who explained that their policy was not to contact Topher's old customers. I will take her at her word, and assume that this was an honest mistake. The new rating reflects the talent of the people who work there, the cool massage chairs, and the overall vibe of the place.
5	The Spot is awesome.  AJ is the best.  She provides cuts (and color) for me, my wife and my two daughters and manages to please us all.  All our thumbs are up.
5	Please be advised that AJ, formerly of The Spot, now has her own salon, The Roose Parlour & Spa, just a few blocks from the spot.
