4	I am definitely a fan of Schlotzsky's - the odd, round shaped sourdough bread with a slight toasty crunch, with ham, salami, Genoa and a blend of 3 melted cheeses with onions, lettuce and tomato - it's the classic number 1 "original" - my favorite. I have been known to try the chipotle chicken, the Rueben and the BBQ Chicken pizza as well - you can't go wrong with a sammy or pizza from this place. Get the free VIP card and save 10%. The service at this location is typically good and they bring the food to the table quickly. Always crowded at lunch. If you have a hankerin' for something sweet, they offer Cinnabon products as well. YUM!
2	I was not impressed with the sandwich I got from here. The drive-thru lady was snippy when I asked questions about the sandwiches. When I ordered what I thought was a hot Turkey sandwich with guac, swiss, and lettuce...no, that would be too easy. My sandwich had onions, tomatoes, and bacon on it. After taking off the offending extras (I had since driven off and on the freeway), the sandwich was disappointing. Soggy, falling apart and flavorless. I have definitely experienced better.
3	After visiting three places for breakfast on a Sunday morning---Matt's Big Breakfast, Coffee Conspiracy, and IHOP near ASU Tempe---and finding ourselves looking at serpentine queues at two places, and finding Coffee C. closed, we finally came to Schlotzsky's...for no particular reason, other than that it was open, and looked empty! The interior is big...with both high chairs and regular tables. I got the Texas Schlotzsky's on sourdough bread. It had ham and melted cheddar cheese with mayonnaise, sliced jalapenos, lettuce and tomato. Partner got the ribeye sandwich. We made both the orders combo deals, with a side of chips and a drink. I liked partner's sandwich more than mine...it just had more taste and character than mine. My sandwich was just a regular lettuce, tomato ham sandwich that you could have bought for slightly less at a Subway, or even tossed up at home. But I'll definitely be back to try the Reuben....I hear that's the thing to order here.One thing: on a bright beautiful morning like today, we would have liked to sit outside in the sun, but we couldn't, because the patio wasn't open. What a waste!
4	Went to Schlozskys for lunch because it was a free sandwich for my birthday!! So with that said IT WAS THE BEST SANDWICH EVER!!! Haha I had the Chipotle Chicken on jalapeno bread, it was very delish!! I have never had a bad experience with Schlotzkys! I am a fan!
1	I went to Schlotzsky's in Texas...and in Vegas.  And it was amazing.  What happened?!  The bread was gross, the sandwich barely had any meat in it and was totally overpriced.  I'm totally confused--what happened to the amazing bread and the piled high sandwich I had?Not to mention--once a year I get a Cinnabon cinnamon bun.  They sell them here.  Great, right?  NO!  It was lukewarm and DRY!  I feel guilty putting those calories into my body--if you're going to eat something sooooo sooooo bad, at least you should be able to enjoy it.The girl at the counter had like zero personality...but I would've given the food a 1 star, anyways.  I'd rather take the hit-or-miss Gandalfo's!
2	I went here only for a cinnabon.  It's $3.45 for one cinnabon so I expected it to be awesome.  It was my first time there and my pregnancy craving was going nuts for a cinnabon. I ordered, the no smile, no welcoming feeling of the server (completely zombified) boxed up my cinnabon and I went on home.  I was so bummed, I opened the box and it is all dry and was a depressed, pathetic little cinnabon.  It was so fun eating it, I almsot had to force it down my throat it was so dry! Next time, I am going to go to Ikea to get a cinnamon roll where it is huge, only costs $1.. warm, ooey gooey with icing and loaded calories and is like Christmas morning in my mouth..
1	I was so grossed out eating here! The entire place was dirty... They're doing some remodeling, but no excuse! The drink area was gross, most of the tables were dirty, the cashier obviously hates her job... I very rarely write a bad review but I wanted someone else to be warned before they come to this restaurant!! They need someone from corporate to come evaluate it and clean it up! Even the bathroom was worse than a ghetto gas station. I will not be returning to this location.
1	Food does not taste good... has a plastic aftertaste, overpriced.
4	Had a craving for Schlotzsky's today so went.  Jentyl was the cashier and was super friendly and was able to offer suggestions which I ended up getting for the hubby, I always get get the original on sourdough.  They got new the new drink machine that makes an exorbitant amount of combinations.The cinnabon looked okay and I was going to get one but they didn't look $3.49 appetizing. And the  one thing I absolutely hate about this place...the smell when you walk in.  It always smells like the sewer backed up when you first enter, have never been in the bathroom.
5	I haven't been to a Schlotzsky's in a long time. I went because I was watching old episodes of Undercover Boss and caught the episode on Cinnabon. Since I saw there was a Cinnabon in this Schlotzsky's, and it was close to my home, I felt a hankering for a cinnamon roll and maybe a sandwich.The girl today at the register was very pleasant. I ordered and went to restroom while my food was being made. When I came back, I was expecting to find a seat and then come up to the counter to get my food. (It was slow at the time I came to eat.) Instead, I saw the girl at the register had set my food at a table near the window, ready to eat. Since I hadn't ordered a drink, she gave me a cup for water. I didn't even ask for one, but realized it was needed when it came to the cinnamon roll because of the sweetness.I thought the whole experience was a nice gesture of hospitality. I don't think that I have seen many restaurants similar to this one that went the extra mile like this. I should have got the girl's name, she was wonderful.
1	Absolute baffoonery! The competence of the staff makes me want to reverse my stance in support of a better wage for fast food workers. It took about 15 minutes to get my to go order. Then, it was wrong, so it took another 10 of waiting to get the correct order. Basically that was the case for the people before and after me. I feel super lame for taking the time to write a bad review for a fast-food joint, when a lot of people are starving to death and much bigger issues face humanity, but holy shit - if I was starving, I would probably rather eat my own baby than go back to this Schlotsky's again. (*fyi, I would never seriously eat my own baby. In fact, I wouldn't eat anyone's baby.)P.S. The food wasn't terrible. But I'll probably need a few months of therapy to restore my faith in humanity's ability to follow simple instruction.
1	Had more the 25 minutes left before they close, and right off the top was told to take out instead of sitting, I am posting this, so the owners know what there employees r doing
4	I came here for the Cinnabon because it would appear I can get some of my favorite rolls outside of the mall finally. Being a previous Cinnabon employee, I know what a REAL cinnamon roll from Cinnabon tastes like and what to expect in the perfect roll. Sadly, the rolls here were just par-rated. I guess I expect too much from Cinnabon now, but I really wish Schlotzsky's would hire employees solely for the Cinnabon side of them so I know for certain they are made with as much love as necessary.
5	Came here about 20 minutes from closing. The guy who took our order couldn't have been nicer. You'd think we were the first customers in the day; friendly, made a great sandwich (love the French Bread they use) The restaurant was spotless, btw. Keep up the good work!
5	I have loved Schlotsky's since first discovering them in Bloomington, Illinois. This particular location in Tempe being connected to a Cinnabon is like a wonderful mix of greatness. A little sweet with your sourdough. :) For a chain restaurant, they are unique and my top choice when really craving a deli sandwich. (Which currently being pregnant, I have craved quite regularly!!!) Subway, Jimmy John's and Quizno's all take a backseat to Schlotsky's, in my humble opinion. I just wish there were more of them. Haven't found any where I live now in Washington, so it was a must to hit up this Schlotsky's while in Tempe on business. Today was my second visit in a week and likely not my last as I'm still here another week. Original and Smoked Turkey Breast, both on sourdough, are my go-to's and never disappointed. Also, both visits in Tempe were made through drive thru - service was very fast, friendly, and my order was exactly as I expected.
1	Can't follow instructions. No cheese means just that!!!  It doesn't mean ignore me and fix it the way you want. This place is clearly not interested in any further business from me.
5	Impressed that management follows up!  Following my previous review, the management went out of their way to understand what the issue with the customer service, and to take corrective action.Clearly a company that takes its customers seriously.
3	Went here with a coupon the other day. BOGO pizza. The pizza was good. Not too many choices, but can't go wrong with Pepperoni and cheese. The service was good - welcomed with a smile, said thanks for coming when we left. They do have a coke machine and they offer cinnabuns which is cool. I've heard there sandwiches aren't good, but can't confirm (i didn't take my chances). The bread choices seemed odd.Biggest downfall was price. I would not go back and pay $6.99 for a small, thin crust pizza with one topping. I will also not go back and pay $4 for a small cinnamon roll (although it is tempting). Without a coupon I can think of a dozen other places I'd rather go where I'd get even more for my $.
2	I would not recommend this location.  We ordered our food ahead of time and gave them a specific time of when it needed to deliver it by.  It took over an hour to get it.  First, they got our address wrong when we told them no more than 5 times.  Second, it was very difficult to get a hold of them.  It took about 5 tries for them to finally answer their phones.  They claimed that the driver wouldn't answer their phone.  They brought up someone else's order.  My manager had to drive down there and see what the issue was and our food was still at the restaurant waiting to be picked up and he made sure that they threw it away and had them make it again.  I was on the phone with an employee while my manager was on the way and she asked me to give the driver another 10 minutes  and all I could tell her was that we've been waiting for almost an hour, why?  If any of you want to go to a Schlotzsky's, don't go to the Southern location.  You will get bad service, you won't be able to get through 5 calls later and they'll put you on hold and forget you are there
