5	Best sushi restaurant of all time! Great service and friendly staff. Always fresh sushi and great options!
5	I thought their scottsdale location was pretty good but this place is unbelievable!!! The restaurant is gorgeous,  new, great outdoor area and bar, and the location is so easy to access now not far from highways and the whole southeast valley. The Food Is fresh, Tasty And affordable. The drinks have the typical selection you would expect at this type of place. The sushi is perfectly balanced and the tapas and hot items are flavorful with great texture. I think this place is going to really get popular so get in now while people still figure it out...no wait and the service was spot on. You can tell it's locally and family owned as they care about every detail.
5	Best sushi in town!  It is so nice to see that although the location has changed, this family owned restaurant has maintained all the wonderful qualities of the former Scottsdale location.   Our usual favorites Albacore Tuna shashimi and Keita roll are still extremely fresh and tasty.  The crispy calamari is delicious now made with a lighter rice flour batter.  The ambiance of the new Tempe location is fun and trendy and accessible from everywhere.  Robert and Risa are always the perfects hosts and go out of their way to make everyone feel welcome.  We arrived early for happy hour specials and the place was filling up quickly by the time we left.  Highly recommend!!
4	They are new so service needs to improve. We waited for food longer than I expected.
2	I wanted so much to love this place! We are in desperate need of a great Japanese Izakaya restaurant.Maybe it was a Monday but that shouldn't really matter.  We ordered two rolls, I didn't even taste the spicy tuna roll..the spicy salmon we had was not fresh.  The salmon sashimi wasn't fresh.  The uni was ok....I've had better at the cheap rotating sushi places.  The tuna poke was pretty fresh and very flavorfulI also had butter fish, dressing on the salad that accompanied this dish was amazing.  Fish was ok, not great.Ramen broth was very tasty (spicy miso) however the noodles weren't very good.  A little too on the mushy side for my taste.All in all I was expecting a lot more, especially for a restaurant that is having a grand opening.I'll be back to give it another shot, but I think I'll wait awhile as my stomach isn't too happy with me right now.The waitress was really nice and noticed we didn't eat any of our sushi, so she took off one of the rolls.  She really should have taken both rolls and the sushi off if our bill as we didn't even touch them they were so fishyI hope they freshen up their fish for our next visit
5	We were really pleased when we came in on a Monday night. The sushi chef/owner was very nice explaining things about the menu and the type of restaurant. This isn't your typical sushi joint. It is a style of eating that Japanese go to for happy hour. This is to say it is casual. We ate delicious 3 sushi rolls, Taiwanese sausage, and a grilled rice bowl. Fish, veggies and fruit was fresh and tasty. This is such a fun experience because it is a little different. The style is clean and sleak and we look forwrd to sitting outside when the weather is more favorable.
5	Had a great experience here with my wife tonight.  We got some miso soup, a few basic rolls, a bento box, some sake and mochi ice cream. The bento teriyaki salmon was cooked to perfection and the rolls were very tasty and fresh.  The staff is super helpful and friendly and the decor and ambiance is nice as well.   They also offer(only one in az) what the owner explained to us is Japanese tapas.   We tried the chicken thigh which was really good and well be sure to try more next time we go. Definitely will be making a return trip soon!
4	Service was outstanding, I enjoyed the grilled dishes from the Izakaya menu. Tuna Poki was good, pork belly was tasty, but the sushi rice in the two rolls we got was a little off. Good sake selection and some nice beers, everyone was friendly. It was a Tuesday night so not busy, all we had to do was glance at someone working in the dining room and they were right there to get us whatever we needed. I will be back.
4	Came for dinner with my family.  Ordered about 8 items from Izakaya menu and some sushi.  Also ordered a Tonkatsu ramen.Each grilled meat dish was cooked perfectly with a tasty sauce.  Grilled seafood was very tendor and not over cooked at all.  Sushi was fresh and prepared well.  Ramen was the best I had in the Phoenix area.  My 2nd and 3rd favorite Tonkatsu ramen would be from Sushi Ken in Ahwatukeee and Univeristy Ramen in Tempe.Some interesting beer/drink choice as well to go with Izakaya.Will definitely return to try out other stuff.
5	We had a terrific experience at Dozo. We weren't particularly starving, so we ordered four  small dishes to share.  The pork, chicken thigh, sausage, and the salmon fried rice. They were all delicious! My husband particularly enjoyed the sausage, while I loved the salmon fried rice. We also ended up ordering some ramen to sample. We ordered the spicy chicken ramen. It was great! Not too spicy! The staff was very friendly. They kept our drinks full and always had a smile. Overall, it was a delightful experience! We will definitely be back to try other menu options!
4	Nice decor and atmosphere, family owned, reasonably priced, great friendly service. During the cooler months when the patio opens up, this place is gonna rock. This one goes on the "regular" list. Second time we showed up, a bunch of our friends were already there!
4	We stopped in for lunch on Saturday and were happy with the experience overall.  They are still working out the kinks here and there, and the restaurant is a bit on the small side.  However the food choices offered are good.  We focused on the lunch menu which provided a good variety of sushi and cooked food.  I tried the sushi combo which I found to be a decent lunch portaion.  Overall I would return, though I could see the place filling up fast during a weekday lunch given the small size.
4	This review us only for the Tonkotsu ramen. After seeing reviews for Dozo Izakaya I decided to check em out. I saw they had ramen and udon (never really seen that at an Izakaya) but thought what the heck can't be worse than Republic Ramen (nastiest ramen ever). I walked in and the lady who greeted me was very nice, I ordered my tonkotsu ramen and waited to see what it was all about. I am really picky when it comes to ramen (I go to Kurume Japan about once a year and all over Kyushu to eat ramen). In comparison to the ramen in Arizona I must say it is the best here. In California I don't know if I would order it...  The broth was ok but felt like something was missing, the noodles were cooked well but not the right kind of noodles... It was over all ok and I might order it if I'm not going to California or Japan anytime soon. For me they will be a place i can eat ramen without being utterly disappointed. I'm sure many people will like it! As for me it's ok, cuz I'm picky as hell. I want to try other stuff here and I'm sure I will. This is the first place where I am actually willing to return to in Arizona. The service helped a lot and gave them the extra star.  I want to try some other stuff they have and I will update as I try their other items. Give em a try
5	Everything we had was delicious. We ordered the steamed gyoza, DOZO Roll, Negi Yellowtail Roll, and the Tonkotsu Cha-Shu Ramen. The fish was so unbelievably fresh and the rolls were the perfect size to eat in one bite and they held together really nice.  All was excellent. The serving staff was attentive and super sweet. I can't wait to go back.
5	Just left from dinner on a Thursday night and have to say that this was one of the best dining experiences that I've had in quite a while. To start, we got there a little early ...4:55 (our daughter has volleyball around the corner from 5-6:30). The owner/chef saw us walking up and invited us in telling us to come in early, out of the heat. Every member of the staff greeted us exuberantly and made us feel welcome, but in a "come in and have a great time" kind of way. Since we were early, we had our choice of seats. The was exceptionally clean and had a nice look and feel to it. Both the waitress and chef/ owner engaged us in conservation and after finding out that this was or first time, took the time to explain the menu offerings and, most importantly, the happy hour specials, which are fantastic! Because we (my wife and I) were with with my parents, we ordered a variety of items both off the happy hour menu as well as the IZAKAYA menu. All were outstanding. My parents ordered some standards, Philly roll and california roll, which were really good, but not what I was in the mood for. I was looking for some more excitement, so from the IZAKAYA menu, I ordered the beef, onion, and rice bowl (melt in your mouth great), the sausage (which you MUST eat with the fresh garlic or really not understand how good it is), the chicken skin (best I've ever had), and the baby octopus (which were perfectly grilled and just the right amount of heat). My mother, who is of Polish descent, was  excited to find chicken hearts and gizzards on the same menu. Both were exceptional. My wife, who is vegetarian and usually not too excited about sushi places, was thrilled to see such a variety of options. Along with spring rolls, she ordered the yam and avocado roll which I also tried and loved.But best of all, in my opinion was the service. Impeccable is the best word to describe it. Not over bearing, but always right there before you think you need it. Plus, the owner, chef was a great conversationalist and happy to offer suggestions and really went or of his way to make us feel welcome. To sum up, there is only one thing to say...this is my new favorite restaurant!
3	This review is for the ramen as I did not try any other items on the menu. Came here with a co-worker on a Friday for lunch. Saw the grand opening sign outside and when we got to the door, we could hear Japanese metal blasting out the speakers. Interesting... I opened the door and was greeted immediately with Irashaimasu! Wait. WTF? It's supposed to be Irashaimase! Felt a little awkward and uneasy for a moment. The waitress sat us at a counter facing the parking lot. After a quick look at the menu, I decided to try the Tonkotsu Char-Siu ramen. Co-worker got the spicy miso chicken ramen. Waitress seemed disappointed we weren't ordering any rolls or Izakaya items and kept asking "that's all? that's all?" Another awkward moment. We're here for a quick lunch within our lunch hour - not a 3 martini lunch while splurging on the corporate card FFS! While we waited for the ramen I noticed that the music from the speakers was a curious mix of J-Pop and Japanese hard rock and heavy metal - bands like Thee Michelle Gun Elephant - which I don't remember ever hearing at a Japanese restaurant anywhere in the United States nevermind Arizona. It did give the atmosphere of stepping into another country for a moment. I also noticed that the staff were speaking what sounded like Chinese amongst themselves. That explained the earlier awkwardness. When I finally got my ramen, I grabbed my spoon and sipped the tonkotsu broth. It had the tonkotsu flavor alright - a little weak though. Noodles were alright. Char Siu was very flavorful and perfect and so was the menma (bamboo) in the ramen. My only other benchmark for ramen of any kind in the Phoenix metro area is unfortunately Republic Ramen on University - which of course, gets stomped to the curb by this place. Doesn't say much though because most 25 cent ramen packages at the grocery store can do that to Republic Ramen's ramen as well. Let's just say that for now, if I'm craving a bowl of ramen and don't want to cross state lines, this will have to do.
5	Wow!  Had dinner last night and what an excellent experience.  Sampled many of the special small plates...the octopus balls (not the testicles BTW) and chicken skin was great.  Sampled the sashimi of which all was fresh and tasty.  Service was great .  I cant wait to come back and try more.
4	I went here on Labor Day around 6:45. We were a total of 4 and they did not have a seat for us (very small place). No problem, we just waited on the patio. The owner or manager was very friendly and brought the menu and some water out while we waited. It wasn't too long before we had seats open, and since we've been looking over the menu we had a good idea of what we wanted. Unfortunately, we had to wait almost 30 minutes before the waitress took our order. We tried to get her attention several times but she was too overwhelmed with the work. I think they would benefit from hiring another server, at least for the dinner rush. The food, however, was DELICIOUS! The Cha-shu ramen I ordered was very thick and flavorful, not at all salty like at most other establishments. I also had the yam and avocado roll, and that too was tasty. Their prices are also very reasonable. I would've given 5 stars if not for the snail service.I will definitely come back, just not around popular meal times.
3	Really nice interior.  Infact despite it being a small space (by American standards) it does its best to replicate a Japanese style Izakaya.  Modern and clean.The folks that run this place seem nice.  I think they are Chinese (based on some of the interesting menu items that are not Japanese).  It was funny but awkard that some Japanese businessmen came and sat at the table next to us, but they seemed disappointed that the staff were not Japanese -I digress.I ordered the Miso Ramen.  It's no Cherry Blossom quality, a bit bland regarding the broth, but not bad.  We shared some Gyoza, good.  My dinner companion ordered the Teriyaki bento box, seemed a bit small on the portion of chicken itself, but it had good flavor.  Not too sweet.I will add this into the rotation but I would prefer Shimagamo or Cherry Blossom before this if I prefer Japanese flair.  I will try their sushi and Izakaya style skewers next time.
3	I tried their ramen shrimp noodle soup as my first dish. It was good and the flavor was decent. Nothing too crazy that sets it apart from other Japanese restaurant in the valley. The chicken karage could use more flavouring, it tasted a little bland to me. The ambient was decorated nicely despite the fact that it's a smaller space than what we are used to.It's a little pricey. Look to spend about $15-$20 for lunch..yes that includes the lunch special pricing.
3	In my opinion this place trying to replicate shin sen gumi from California.  All in all, the food is ok. The place is run by chinese people. Service is horrible. For example, there we waited 20 minutes for the waitress to take our drink order. And 15 minutes for her to bring the drink out. And then more  waiting for food. All this happened when they were not even busy ( 5 out 10 tableI) I can't not imagine how long is the wait is when they are busy. it seems like all the waiters and waitresses running around haphazardly. Like I said before food is ok, chef over cook the heart, and the tongue on skewer. Also, the ramen was better at republic of ramen. However, we did like the albacore tataki and the deep fried sweet shrimp. We would come back only if management hire more experience eating staff and better food.
5	Pretty good overall. Friendly staff and good atmosphere. With the exception of saying good evening in Japanese at 12:30 in the afternoon. Sushi rolls were delicious and needing to try the ramen next.
5	I took my 11 yr old daughter here to try authentic japanese ramen. We order negima (the chicken skewers) which were amazing. She ordered a california roll which was also delicious. Our orders can out at separate times which is odd here in the US but standard in Japan. My Udon was excellent, she loved her Miso Ramen with shrimp. Both orders were very filling we ended up taking some home to leave room for Mochi ice cream. The restaurant was small but nicely decorated. On a saturday evening the place was full. There was plenty of outdoor seating but summer in AZ is not the time for that. Next month in october it should be lovely. Our order took a long time but the staff was attentive and we were not in a hurry. My daughter suggest that we come every month as a bonding thing and order something new each time. I'm all for that idea,
4	An izakaya in the Phoenix area? Excellent! (For neophytes, an izakaya is a Japanese version of a pub, serving drinks and food- mainly small plates, that are typically shared). We came here on a Friday night, and due to the liliputian space inside (I think there are only 4 tables or so in the restaurant) we were limited to outside seating. Snagging the last outside table available, we browsed through the menu after the waitress came over to take our drink order.We ordered a vast quantity of food, enough to feed quite possibly a small army. We arrived just a few minutes before happy hour ended at 7 P.M., so we were lucky enough to partake in happy hour bites as well as regular dinner items. Our array of food included takoyaki, grilled meats, oyako don, spicy miso noodle soup with tofu, "The hot rock", sashimi, agedashi tofu, and a massive array of sushi rolls. Out of all the items, my favorites were the takoyaki and the spicy noodle soup. The takoyaki tasted freshly made, with a nice crispy outer shell and big chunks of octopus. The spicy noodle soup had perfectly cooked noodles, with a light broth. The sashimi was fresh, and while the rolls we had were cheap (Approximately 5-6 dollars per roll), you get what you pay for since they were plentiful numbers of them, but they tasted just OK, nothing special. The hot rock was an interesting creation, which I enjoyed. It had a shitake mushroom base, and was topped with cooked spicy tuna, crab, and eel sauce.Service was friendly, but due to the popularity of the restaurant (There were a lot people waiting inside, and a huge line of people waiting outside the restaurant as more time progressed during our meal), our waitress was a bit absent minded about getting items for us and checking up on us. The owner is Taiwanese, so the menu isn't strictly Japanese by authenticity standards. Just think of it as Japanese with some Chinese flair. :)I'll come back here if I'm wanting good takoyaki and other small bites, and if I'm planning on eating here at a less busier time. If you do come at a typically busy time, you've been warned about the wait and limited seating!Overall, 3.5 stars for me.
4	I was happy with my special sushi lunch - Soup, house salad, 4 pcs of Nigiri and crunchy California Roll for $10.50! Yes, I do love California Roll. :)I will be back to try their Ramen Noodles!
1	My experience? It was great to start but ended with big disappointment.When I found out about this place I was ecstatic because there's no izakaya in Phoenix area. Yes, there are sushi and fast-food type places but nothing like izakaya. So, just for that reason I gave it 5 stars. In our party we had 4 adults and a 19 month old baby. We sat at a table around 5:30pm and the service was soooooo slow it took about 4 hours to get all of our food. We left around 9:30pm. For that reason alone I deducted 2 points. Cooked food was pretty decent but sushi was not so fresh and tasteless. Sake was overpriced and beer was warm. So, i deducted another point. This place is also not kid friendly so minus another point. There was no crayons or anything to keep a child busy and there was no changing station in the bathroom either. Luckily the baby was well behaved and didn't get too agitated but other kids in the restaurant were screaming. We had to ask for our order numerous times and average service time took 20-30 min for each order. One of the dish we ordered was so salty we asked them to take it back. This places is very small with 3 waitresses and several cooks so you think they have this down but they seemed very confused and customer service was very poor. I understand this is a new establishment but hope they get their act straight so they don't disappoint more customers. So, where does that 1 star apply you say? Well, all else failed but the tonkotsu ramen was pretty darn good. LOL!
4	I am not a huge Japanese food connoisseur but I do know that in this area, we do not have much authentic Japanese going for us. My husband and I tried this place last week and were pleasantly surprised with how clean everything was and the various options on the menu (their sushi rolls all have a description, I don't know about you but that is a big plus for me lol) I had a bento box with spicy chicken teriyaki and my husband had the spicy miso ramen with pork. Both were great, everything seemed super fresh and the server was really nice and helpful.Is it super authentic? Maybe, probably not. Is it really tasty and fresh? Yes! We will return for sure.
4	For those of you who aren't familiar, izakayas are more drinking establishments than restaurants.  Usually you and your buds drink sake or beer and eat a bunch of small snacks to accompany it.  The best snacks to me are items off of the grilled menu (yakitori) - usually chicken skewers.  When paired with an Asahi superdry, something magical happens.  Does this place serve world class yakitori?  No.  But the fact that there is a place in the Valley to scratch this culinary itch is easily worth 4 stars in my book.   My rec:  GO!  With coworkers or friends.  Order a japanese beer (preferably Asahi Super Dry).  Order off of the Yakitori menu - try at least one unusual meat - Beef Tongue is incredible.  Say "Kanpai!" a lot.  Drink more beer.
5	Do you ever have a meal at a restaurant and spend the whole time thinking that you can't wait to come back? I had that feeling during this delicious lunch. I had the Bento box with spicy salmon teriyaki and tempura. It was so delicious I kept thinking about ways I can manage to get here for lunch more often. The service was super friendly and it seemed like a family establishment. I was very happy to enjoy lunch here and I can't wait to be back.
5	Good food and good service!!The manager was very attentive of our request since it was lunch time, he recommended us to change the order in order to get back to work on time. The item he recommended was great!!
2	Not what I was expecting. I was told that this was a great place and what I ordered was not worth the money. The service was ok. Will not be going back.
5	Something a little different from the usual Japanese food around the area. Try the skewers and ramen.
5	Very happy to have found a restaurant in this area that I'd go back to more than once, and have it become a regular stop for lunch or dinner in our neighborhood! In fact, i'm ecstatic as there are so few good restaurants in general in south Tempe. I really liked the tempura...light, fresh, not greasy and the miso soup and california roll was excellent. Looking forward to going back to try the ramen dishes and more of the sushi rolls.  Everyone working there was super friendly and attentive. They also have a good selection of beer, sake and wine. We will for sure be coming here again!  We had a huge lunch with a large Kirin and the bill was only $36. They also have a nice, large patio which is great because the indoor seating is small, but cozy.
5	Great food and great prices! Highly recommend for lunch the bento box. Great spicy tuna roll and spicy beef teriyaki!!
4	I saw this new place in my area and we went to try it out since we felt like Asian food. It's small and has a cute little patio. Modern Asian flair on the decor. We were greeted and seated by the waitress who recommend the pork bone broth ramen to me and my friend had the bento box. The bento box was beautiful and had quite a bit if food I really liked that. The ramen was very tasty and amazing it was actual pork vibe broth. It did take a few minutes but I can see that they take their time putting the plates together that's the reason why.
5	Highly recommended! I frequent a lot of Japanese restaurants and this is one of my favorites because they have friendly service and great food.
5	The grilled stuff is highly recommended. Tried grilled chicken gizzard, beef tongue, chicken skin and grilled fish, all pretty good!
4	I usually don't eat Japan cuisine but the food was exquisitely delicious the 4 stars would have been five if the guy that worked there kissed me but it didn't work .-.
5	I have tried Dozo over 20+ times. I love Japanese food and have been frustrated with the other local places until I found Dozo. Absolutely love everything I have had so far! However, we got addicted to curry chicken Katsu, miso ramen, tonkatsu ramen and tempura. We only dinned in 3-4 times and mostly take out. Over the 20+ times I ordered we just had a couple of issues, once my noodles weren't very well cooked and another time the lead on my  to go ramen broke off and made a mess. BUT I still enjoyed the food! Everything is very fresh and the chef is very nice and friendly. The place inside is very clean and the entire staff is friendly. I lived in Japan for 3 years and the chicken curry at Dozo is so much like what I remember from Japan. Also for news year Dozo accommodated my entire family there and they were very nice and understanding of my sons allergy/celiac disease. My son loved to have plain rice and grilled chicken. They are not super fast once you are there BUT I don't mind because the food is worth the wait! 5 stars for Dozo, always good, always friendly, great customer service, always clean, always great tasty food! Thanks Dozo!!!
5	Nice atmosphere, the tonkatsu ramen was very good. All their tapas dishes was good for the price. Most of the customers that went to eat there were Asian.  Thats a good sign that the food is authentic. We will definitely come back here again!
