4	This place has really bad reviews on hotels.com but I was surprised to not see anyone yelp about it! A yelp review would have been really helpful, so here I go..I was VERY happy with my stay here. I was really hesitant to book a room here because of all the bad reviews, but I didn't want to spend alot of money and I needed a place that was dog friendly. Upon arrival the man behind the counter was very friendly. I had about 10 million questions about where things were located and he was very helpful. Our room was nice and big and very clean. It kind of smelled like paint when we first came in, but it eventually went away. The AC was nice and cold, the beds were comfy, and the maids were very accommodating as well. Also, the pool was great, people seemed to only swim at night, but I was trying to take advantage of the Arizona sun for an awesome tan, so I always had the pool to myself! Overall, it was a great deal, a goodnight stay for 39.99! If you're on a budget, I highly recommend this place!
1	This was the absolute worst place I have ever stayed. Our "Non smoking" room reeked of cigarettes, the TV had one channel, the bed had NO blankets, and it was incredibly noisy with what I suspect are drug addicts coming and going all night long. The curtains in the room were 2 different lengths on the same window, and I wouldn't walk barefoot on the carpet. We paid $70 to stay at this dump. Never again will I stay at any Travelodge. Everything I brought into the room smelled and had to be washed. If I hadn't been so tired after driving for hours, I would have stayed elsewhere.
1	I would give it no stars if I could. They don't clean the rooms during your stay. They told us that they only clean them every 4 days. That is absolutely disgusting and should be a health violation. Needless to say, we ended up eating our costs and leaving early. STAY AWAY, FAR AWAY!!!
5	The staff is very friendly and very helpful. It is slightly out dated but you get everything you pay for and more. I would definitely stay here again.
1	Girl when I  checked in was nice I was about it The room is disgusting The carpet is disgusting to walk on with bare feet The TV only gets like 10 channels and most of those you could hear static The small refrigerator keeps making noise I had to unplug itThe pillows are very old and lumpy there is no blanket underneath the comforter just sheets so if you take the top comforter off because it's disgusting you just have a sheet to lay down with do not stay here I will never be back
1	Initially, the first room we were given smelled like cigarette smoke.  We got different room because of that.  But next our room didn't have hair drier.  We asked for another hair drier, but another customer had taken it, and there were no other available.  And this is in middle of winter time.
