3	Despite being called Burger Mania, try the Gyro. The burgers are nothing interesting and, in fact, are bordering on being worse than a place like McDonald's or Burger King. Even the onion rings, which are said to be homemade, were nothing special. However, the gyro is excellent. Burger Mania does the gyro right by using a vertical rotisserie cooking the meat instead of frying pre-sliced stuff on the grill or even, heaven forbid, microwaving it like some other places do. They also load the gyro up full without skimping. The place would be more accurately named Gyro Mania.
4	Oddly I do not get the burgers very often. I usually get the gyro. This is a great place for anyone who does not know what they want to eat. They have a huge menu and plenty of variety to choose from. They do have a burger with pastrami on it....GREAT Burger!The Italian Beef was good.The fish was good.The dogs are all good.The service is always nice, the place is clean, and they have MT DEW.
4	It took me a long time to try this place given that its exterior screamed "Yuk!".  I'm glad I did!  I heard they had a decent Italian beef sandwich.  Since I was trying to find a good one in the area I thought I would give it a shot.  Good thing I did.  They really load on the beef.  They also include free (by request) au jus AND a freshly made jalapeno/diced carrot/celery spicy topping that is a must.  The quality of the beef is very high.  All lean, no big chunks of fat anywhere (for the most part) and great flavor.  THE BREAD - At other places the bread falls apart before you even take a bite.  I don't know what kind of bread Burger Mania uses but it stays solid until the last bite!  It won't disintegrate in your hands.  I thought that was awesome.  TRY THE ITALIAN BEEF SANDWICH!  the end.
4	I went today for lunch and was happy I went.  I had the Double Ortega burger with green chili's, grilled onions, and thousand island.  The fries could have been a bit more well done to my liking but were ok.  I really wish I had some quarters cause they had some classic arcade games like the original Galaga and an old NFL Blitz.  Overall good place as long as you can get past the look of the building from the outside.
4	This is the exact same food from the exact same people who brought us the fine 7foot tall, tube sock and sneaker wearing, weiner squirting ketchup onto himself at Mr Gyros  http://www.yelp.com/biz/mr-gyros-glendale#hrid:vNtdB1l_gwBMZ4slKfrGBQThey're both solid 3.5 stars, serving Chicago style dogs, falafel and gyros, italian beef, and other assorted fast food.   Mr Gyros gets 3 and so BurgerMania gets a 4, maybe for nostalgia at eating at this building in its previous incarnation as a Wendy's all through high school.I've only had the gyros and fries, both really good, with HUGE portions.I trust DarenC though, who has tried it all, and liked it all but the burgers -- but with the Pastrami-Burger getting a special mention, I had to put it on my list for next time.   (Ironic, with the name, but these guys aren't really specializing in burgers, making the alternate name "GyroMania" suggested by the previous yelper a great idea)Friendly owner or his son will chat you up if you like;  I found the matriarch of the family who served me at Mr Gyros a bit more reserved, but still cordial.  They also run the Mr Gyros II up in Anthem.So nevermind the Bell Rd car-dealerships, Motel6, Waffle House, and other nearby neighbors (the lady with the short skirt doesn't really want to 'date' you) and pop into BurgerMania for a little of everything.
4	I still wish they had better burgers. Don't get me wrong but I like a fat thick hand pattied burger not a normal thin one. I usually get the gyro and have never been disappointed. They are good. They are stuffed with gyro meat! The staff has ALWAYS been great. The store is ALWAYS clean.
1	I have seen this place for years, then a coworker told me she loves it.I don't mind paying more for a burger if it is worth it. The patty was paper thin,overcooked and tasted like it was pre cooked and then reheated. DISGUSTING. McDonalds .99 cent burger is better than this stuff.On a good note, the sandwiches some patrons had looked alot better. Too bad I won't go back again to try those out.
4	Burger Mania, huh?? I had 2 people tell me, that this place is great, but by the looks of the location we just weren't sure. Looked kind of low end. But boy was I surprised!! The interior is arcade/restaurant/Chicago Sports fan mish mash. I am from IL originally (frequenting Chicago often) and I loved looking at all the Chicago-type decor on the walls. The guy at the counter (originally from Chicago), was a delight to chat with as we talked about the Bears. It was a fun, inviting environment. Now to the food. One word "DELISH". I really enjoyed the chicken gyro. It had nice lean cuts of chicken (seasoned very well I might add), dressed in euro-type sauce, lettuce, onions, all nestled in a tastey warm pita. The fries were great too! Good cuts of potatoes, not skimpy or anything you might find at other fast food joints. My husband had the regular gyro and he thought it was a good portion and tasted good as well (although he had a bite of my chicken gyro and he thought mine would be what he would get next time). Two thumbs up.As far as the burgers (didn't even try at 'Burger' Mania). But I'm sure we will return and try those out as well. Plus, there are so many other options here to choose from, I'm sure we will be back to try several. Good place to go if you are hungry, and love Chicago! :o)Only downside is that you have to do a u-turn if you are heading eastbound on Bell rd. because there's a medium in the road. But no big , its worth the quick  turn of the wheel.
3	Burger Mania huh? Well this place has a mean Chicago style hot dog. I've also tried their breakfast burritos and they are really good too. You can also choose from gyros, hot wings, seafood, burgers (duh), pancakes, the list goes on. The building is an old Wendy's conversion.  The place is filled with Chicago decor. Overall its a nice quick bite to eat.
3	I hadn't stopped here to eat in quite a long time. I remembered they had great burgers and the french fries were a very good grade of potato and had great taste. I went through the drive up to pick up my order and as usual they are very friendly and customer service oriented....... my complaint is they have now gone to a new french fry. They are like those mashed potato preformed fries, they used to have a good size think hamburger with great taste and now it's the small flattened out patty....... I was sure disappointed in my meal from the last time I ate here.. Not sure why eating places have a good thing going and they go and change up the food for lower grade food............ I don't think I will be back. The reason I went there in the past was because of their food now that reason is gone................Rick H.
2	Having read the reviews prior to going, I steered clear of any burgers....but decided on a Chicago hot dog....other than a poppy seed bun there is NOTHING Chicago about this hot dog...in fact...it tastes exactly the same as the $1.50 hot dog you get at Sams Club or Costco!....not bad...but definately nothing special...The fries arent aweful...but not my taste....The best part of the lunch was the brewed iced tea which was good.If you want a great burger....got to Five Guys Burgers...if you want a good Chicago dog go anywhere but here.I would have ordered the Italian Beef which had good reviews...but I prefer a "Cheesy beef"  If you are from Chicago you know what I mean...however they did not have mozzerella cheese...only swiss?  So I nixed the beef idea...Will I be back....Absolutely NO!!
5	This is the BEST place to get a Philly Cheese Steak in Arizona!!! The owner is awesome! Has been really nice and accommodating every time I have gone there! I bought my car across the street at Midway Nissan and visit Burger Mania every time I get it serviced. This last time, I finally got to take my boyfriend and son with me, instead of bringing the food home to them! My boyfriend stated, "Wow, it was good before, but definitely better hot!" (Just so happened that the time I took my son with me, he got to take a picture with Mickey Mouse!!! He was thrilled!) We travel to Bell Rd for them (and Midway Nissan) from Tempe! Well worth it!
4	A taste of back home, so many menu choices, and there's a drive thru!They have old school arcade games inside, too.Friendly staff.Gyros and fries are good,  philly cheese steak is really good especially since there's a lack of that in AZ, burgers are good (they are the thin patties though), chicken sandwiches are good, and they offer plenty of beverage selections.I also love the parking lot, because there are so many pot holes, you definitely think you're back in Chicago! ;)Above anything else, it's 189083 times better than the McDonald's down the street.
2	Burgers suck and small, gyros o.k., italian beef chewy, sandwich dry even if you get it wet, and nothing special about the dogs... Chicago dogs? C'mon .. I'm from the north suburbs and never had a dog with mustard prepared on top of the relish. UHG!!!
5	Holy crow their burger and fries are huge. I felt like I was eating fries for days. I eventually gave up and still had a bunch left over.  Very tasty and beats a chain fast food burger and fries.
5	I LOVE this place! Best Gyros, hot dogs and their home made zucchini are amazing! Not one speck of grease on anything! It looks scary on the outside but it is very clean and well taken care of!
4	This place is surrounded by car dealerships and the closest other "business" is a place where people who got in trouble by Johnny Law have to talk to counselors about why they got in trouble in order to appease the court and have their crime forgiven.  Anyway, that's just kind of setting the scene for this place and its surroundings.Burger Mania is just sort of depressing.  It has weird decorations, like this Uncanny Valley hot dog statue that is covering itself in mustard and ketchup and looking right into your eyes, begging to be eaten so that it can end its miserable life.  It wants the sweet, sweet release of death so badly.  For some reason, below the neon sign reading "Burger Mania" with burnt out letters, there's these weird, I don't know, mascots, one of which is a dinosaur.  All that said, the food is actually pretty good.  It was kind of amazing!  It's nothing extraordinary, no, not by any means... and if you're expecting that from a place called Burger Mania, god help you... but, grading on a curve, they deserve four stars.  Given all the places that look as depressing as this one, hardly any of them actually deliver on any sort of promise to actually have good food.  This one does.  And it's pretty inexpensive.
4	I loved the fries and the gyro wasn't as salty and greasy as other places I've had. I would definitely go during the day though. The place is kinda depressing....
1	Worker wasn't wearing gloves, the food was like McDonald's only an expensive version of it, patties are paper thin and the fries taste like the frozen ones you buy at Wal-Mart. If you want to over spend for the same burger you can get at McDonald's then come on over!Reviews are obviously written by people who know management, don't trust it!
5	I have been eating here for over 8 years and have never had mediocre food. It's always fresh and piping hot. This is one of the best kept secrets in N Phoenix!
5	First and foremost the food is pretty good. They have great gyros, I like their hot dogs, and their burgers are burgers. It's a decent place to grab lunch. Don't let the drive-thru fool you, this isn't a Mcdonalds where your food is ready in under a minute. You get cooked food for a reasonable price.  What I love about this place is how friendly they are. Today when I went in for my lunch break there were two kids maybe 6 or 7. They walked up to the cashier and asked about the quarter machines. The owner went to the back, grabbed a key, opened the machine, and gave the kids a the exact prizes they wanted. It was a simple kind gesture and I really dig it. I mean, quarter machines are designed to generate extra income by enticing children to pay more and more to get what they want. This dude straight up hooked it up and insisted they didn't have to pay. The parents were grateful and I was impressed and immediately respected the establishment. I work in the area and will always drop by when I can for a hot dog or hamburger. OH! THEY HAVE GOOD FRIES! Real good.
1	Food is ok for the price but they charge additional money for using the card meaning they do not want the patrons to use a card. The cost to use card is less than 1 percent of your total bill so I am a little baffled as to why they do not want people to use cards. Be sure you ask for a receipt with the food details and not just the card receipt.
4	I'm.glad to see that they got rid of the annoying video games, and expanded the seating. The counter people are  friendly. I always get the gyro special. Good gyro, not great, but tasty. Fries are fresh and hot. They also have a salsa/condiment bar. And for us hot sauce lovers, BM offer about ten different hot sauces. The only negative I give is for the iced tea, which had a funky smell. Clean the pot guys.These are the same people who owned Mr Gyros. I wish that they would have brought the giant wiener with them.
5	Everyone I take here is skeptical, so I have to elaborate on the wide variety of items that are all very good.  The burgers are fresh, and they LOOK LIKE the photos that fast food joints use as their ads but never look as good. These look and taste delicious.They have ala carte and combos. Some items include gyros, salads, burgers, breakfast (mornings), hot dogs, red hot dogs, fries, tacos and other Mexican food, pastrami and other sandwiches, and so on.They have a ton of sauces available, and a Mexican pepper/salsa bar.They have all you can drink self-serve soda.  I think he's the owner, but the cashier man with the mustache is very friendly.  The place is apparently very Chicago themed. There's a cool bench seat made out of a truck tailgate.  The seating is spaced well (not packed like sardines), and the air conditioning was working great today. Part of the place is green-house style with see through windows on top, so if you're cold, you can sit there to warm in the sun like a cat.The food was cooked quickly and didn't seem microwaved like most burger fast food.  The toppings were fresh (lettuce, tomatoes, onions, etc.).There used to be video games here, but now it's just a couple of claw games, one for trinkets and one for stuffed animals.  There are also those slot machine toy dispensers for a quarter or so.This place has been around for years. When it first opened, I gave it a year. But, I think the location is very good, around industrial work places, car repair shops, dealerships, etc. so they likely get a lot of food traffic there.Would recommend this place. Something for everyone, and all has been good to date.
5	Great little all around burger stop. Great hotdogs burgers and Italian beef. They are across the street from my office, but often make the drive on Saturday just for lunch.
3	This visit I used a debit card and was charged a..50 debit fee. This is a pretty steep fee compared to what processors charge restaurants. There was not a sign giving notification of.the fee. I have to remove a star.
2	I ordered a cheeseburger, a chicken sand which and a lg cheese fry. It came out to $16. When I go and pick it up and all ready pay the guy asks me what would I like to drink. Wtf! I ordered 2 sandwiches and a fry not 2 meals. I payed for more than I wanted, don't wanted drinks, so instead of refunding the money for the meals I did not ordered they just give me 2 large fry,s and one little thing of cheese that cost a dollar. I tried this place cuz it's closer than Wendy's. For now on I'm going to drive the extra mile to get Wendy's or something.
5	Delicious fries and an awesome burger. I love the thousand island on the burger. The bun had a little sweatness too. They made all of my food fresh to order too.
