5	Hands down best hair cuts I've ever had.  Robert offers a real barber shop experience, complete with good conversation, truly professional hair cut, straight shave, warm towel over the face afterwards, followed by a massage machine on the neck and shoulders!R&B is very reasonably priced at $16 for a haircut. I used to go to chain hair cut stores and pay about the same price for a hastily done job without attention to detail.  I've seen robert work on everything from children to business professionals to rock and roll hair styles. I recommend him to anyone looking for a hair cut with a great experience to go with it.
5	The location has changed, but not far. Same strip mall, but closer to the dunkin donuts.I have to agree with Scott R. By far THE best barber shop I've ever been to. Robert is the best... I've been coming to this shop for close to a year now. Good hygiene is always a good choice, but with Robert at the wheel, it's an aspect of my appearance I never have to wonder about. For $16.00 you get the works. Cut - any way you want. A shave around the hair line - both sides of the forehead, around the ears, and along the neckline. With warm shaving cream, a hot towel over the face - "Are you ready?" is his line - and it's relaxing. Quick massage with a massaging tool, and a quick spray of some cologne to get you on your way. He has CREW product all over the counter, and after my 3rd visit there he asked me if I would like some. I can style it my way after the cut.My mom never did cuts like this - and I recommend him to all my friends. (well the ones that are dudes that have their mom still cutting their hair.)Shop is 1 door west from the dunkin' donuts on Thomas and Heyden - and just says BARBER in red letters. I almost feel bad doing this review - why? Because it's always been my little secret place to get a decent cut. And I don't want that to change. It has always been my "I'm gonna let you in on a little secret." kinda place. Laid back - always sports, or discovery on the t.v. - dude mags everywhere if you have to wait - which isn't long at all He averages 20-30 mins for the whole shabang.He's been doing great for so long, he needs more attention, and I hope this will help him out.
5	Robert does a fantastic job.
5	Rob is a great barber and He's the only one I go to. Does a great job and a classy place to get a cut.
5	very good place to go get a exact haircut Robert is very good . Nice guy too
2	Robert is classy and professional and offered me water on my visit, which I thought was a very nice touch. Unfortunately, he did not cut my hair the way I asked him to and the final result was disaster. You can't take a mulligan when it comes to hair so there isn't much I can do but wait for it to grow out. Robert did everything he could on his part to make the situation right and offered me a full refund. For the type of cut that I wanted, it would have been better for me to go to a styling salon instead of a barber shop. If you are looking for a stylish scissor cut I do not recommend this place.
5	Robert is one of the best barbers in town, if not THE best.  I have been going to him for over a year and even when I change how I want my hair cut, it always comes out perfect.  He has gotten busier over the months I've been going there so once in a while you might have to wait for one or two people in front of you but he always keeps it moving quickly while paying close attention to each individual customer.  He is definitely worth the wait even though many times you won't have to wait at all.  Robert has some people working for him in the shop from time to time to help with his busy periods and each of them that I have had cut my hair has done just as good of a job.  He is right next to the Dunkin Donuts on the NW corner of Hayden and Thomas, easy to grab a coffee while he holds your place in line.  Try him out, you won't be disappointed.
5	GIVE THEM A SHOT!!!!!I was living in Tempe for a few months and needed to get my hair cut twice. I normally go to a place like Supercuts to get it done because.... lets face it, I think its stupid to spend 20+ for a simple haircut like mine (2 on the sides and about finger width on top lol). Anyway, I decided to go out on a limb and give R & B a shot. I couldn't be happier!!! After reading a few reviews on here it looked like it was mostly positive with a few bad experiences scattered in there. The first time I had my hair cut Sonya was the one I had the pleasure of talking with because Robert was with another customer already. Sonya did a great job and took her time on my haircut, she even guessed that my previous cut was at a chain store like Supercuts... that's not a good sign haha. I had the car packed and ready to drive back to CA, but I drove out of my way to get one last haircut from R & B before leaving (Yes I was THAT happy with my first experience). This time Robert was the one I got my haircut from. He was very pleasant and even remembered me from my first haircut, surprising because I'm not that memorable of a person haha. Again he did a fantastic job with my haircut and gave me exactly what I had wanted. This is an "old school" barber where they shave your neck with warm lotion and a straight razor, followed by a warm towel to wipe off your face and the hair that might have stuck to it, and even a quick vibration massage to your upper traps/neck for about 30 seconds. I believe the haircut was ~$15, but don't remember because I was happy to just pay $20 and leave the rest as a tip for them. I really wish that this place wasn't 5 hours away from me now... So, if you can afford to pay a tiny bit more than Supercuts and want an exceptional haircut try R & B Barber Shop, you won't be disappointed. PS. I didn't have an appointment either time and got in after about 10 minutes of watching ESPN on their TV. Not a bad wait at all!
5	Great haircut !!!  For years I have been going to salons to get my hair cut.  I have had two haircuts at R & B now.  Robert is very meticulous. It is the extra things : hot towel, straight razor, massage machine on shoulders, mirror inspection that really show his pride and concern for his craft that impressed me.  He will have my patronage from now on.
5	I wish I could give this 6 stars. This place is too legit. Jacob knows his stuff, and really took the time to do it right. Not many people know how to use a straight razor, but he sure does. Capped the session with a hot towel and massaged the back of my neck with this electric belt sander looking thing. If there was such a thing as a "haircut experience", this is it. When I finished, I stood up and asked how much, expecting upwards of $40 for the time and care he took with me. I nearly fell over when he told me $16. I will definitely be back!
5	I walked in about 25 minutes before they closed and they were happy to stick around and give me a hair cut. I was actually thanked for coming in. Hair cut was great and I think it was only $16 which is a good price compared to others in the area. I definitely will be returning. If you are looking for a great haircut, definitely check this place out!
5	Robert is hands down one of the best all-around barbers there is in the valley. Not only does he and his select few barbers do great cuts, but you can tell they do their work with precision, as if it were an art. The fact that I don't mind waiting a bit longer for the guy ahead of me to get his haircut is due to the reason that I know these guys will put just as much time into my cut as they are with anyone else's. When it comes to a good barber, I don't consider myself easy to please, but this level of service is a reason why I keep returning. If you haven't checked this place out and need a quality experience, then I recommend you try it. If you have, then continue to go to Rob instead of looking elsewhere to get the average haircut. Overall no one I have come across has even come close to competing with this place and I find it hard to believe someone will.
5	Robert hooks it up!!!!! Lived out here for a couple years, finally found a reliable spot.  He knows exactly what I want every time I come in.  Great customer service.
5	I took a chance on this place when I first moved here and I haven't gone to another barber since.  Over the past year Robert has ran the shop single handedly and remembers your name despite having a plethora of loyal customers.  He gives the best haircuts hands down.  I'll never go anywhere else
4	Good place to get a haircut looks very clean and classy. So far from my 2 experiences the cuts were great. Very friendly people. However, make sure to tell then exactly what you want or they will do what they think you want, which isn't always a good thing.I would recommend it to anyone
5	Just got my first cut since moving to Scottsdale.  No need to look any further.  Personable, just the right amount of conversation, and a great cut!
5	Absolutely the best haircut I've ever had. Omar is a Picasso with a straight razor. Everyone is awesome to talk to. I'll definitely be back in two weeks for a line up. Thanks for getting me looking fresh guys!
1	Came here to get my son's  hair done at 3:15pm. Online the hours say 4pm is when they close. We got there, the doors were locked, windows open so he obviously saw us and the barber waved us off and said no more. Rude. I'd give it less than 1 star if i could based on shitty customer service.
