3	Bub's is "ok."  The burgers are decently good, although not spectacular.  The patties are "homestyle" or in other words seem hand-formed.  They were quite moist, slightly pink in the middle (which I enjoyed), but lacked in flavor in their own right.  It was pretty much just average beef flavor.So I'd like to see a bit more savory taste in the burger itself, and less grease on the bun.  Please, please drain the patties before putting them on the bun!  My bun was partially translucent from oil, and I had to peel it off... On the other hand my companion's burger was not as oily...so perhaps consistency is an issue here.Toppings were fine: Mushrooms were good, lettuce/tomato/mayo/pickles all as expected.  Fried onions could have been a bit crisper and caramelized, but for under $4 not too bad.Fries:  Absolute FAIL.  These were probably the worst fries I've ever had.   Bub's: What are you doing?  The fries were overcooked, mealy, and grey in the middle!!  They tasted simultaneously burned and underflavored, with no salt added (salt packets are available), and I'm positive I could taste a vague sweet potato flavor (probably from mixing oil or the drip tray).  The only redeeming part of the fries experience was the Heinz ketchup.Bub's - I think you may be overlooking what is involved in making a tasty batch of fries.In sum: A nice, clean, inexpensive place that needs to iron out some new-business kinks in order to bring it up to 4 stars or better:  1) Make fries better.  2) MAKE FRIES BETTER.  3) Seasoning or better flavor for beef 4) Drain patties after cooking 5) Fried onions could be better.
3	Mediocre.  I had high hopes for the sweet potato fries, but they were not that great.  For what we paid, the burgers were kind of small and lacking in anything special.  It wasn't nasty or anything though.  I would not discourage anyone from trying it.
1	I have never written a review where I needed a zero star catagory, but this would make it the first time.  We recently visited Bub's and were appalled.  The ordering went fairly easy. But then we had to wait over 20 minutes for our order (2 burgers, 2 fries).I realize that it can be normal to wait that long for a meal, but this was counter food, on par with Culvers or Mcdonals which will have your food ready in minutes.  And with the small menu at Bub's, you would think the cook would have had hamburgers almost ready to go.Not so.  We watched as only one order at a time was brought out.  A table of 4 near us had 3 bags delivered, with the 4 guest sitting and waiting for his.When we finally got the food, the fries were cold and rubbery.  Our hamburgers were supposed to have ketchup and mustard on them, but the amount they put on was so miniscule that we both had to go up to the help yourself bar to add more.  We noticed other people having to do the same.Its possible we caught them on an off day, but we're not likely to give it another try.  I'm only sorry we lost an excellent restaurant like El Pescador for this place.
5	The Good:I really love the burgers (buns) and the fries.  They always play really good music.  It was really cheap for what it is.  My wife said the walnut burger is one of the best she's ever had, and she doesn't like burgers much at all.The Bad:The ordering process needs to be a little better.  They're adding more stuff to the menu.  When you fill a little checklist for ordering, the checklist doesn't have everything available.  We went with a big group (6 total people), and paid with 3 separate bills.  The food came out fairly slowly for an over-the-counter order.  It also came out by bill, instead of by "party", meaning our party of 6 got served 3 separate times.  I was able to eat 2/3 of my fries before the second group of our party got their food.Pro tip: A "regular" fry is really big.  My wife and I are pretty happy splitting a regular fry, and we both love fries.  The large fry is absurdly big IMO.Overall: They still need to work out a few kinks, because it's a new place.  But my wife and I already went back a week later after our first visit, and this is the first time she's ever suggested going to a burger joint.  The great food really outweighs the few problems the place has.  The burgers and buns just taste so much better than Red Robin or any other burger joint I've been to.  It's our new favorite burger joint, and inspired me to create a yelp account to say how great this place is.
3	Obviously the main attraction at Bub's is the burgers.  Verdict? Really good.  You can watch them form the patty in front of you, which is reassuring.  Taste-wise, they're very flavorful (thanks to the fact that they're cooked medium-well instead of "so-well-done-that-you're-eating-shoe-leather").  The ordering system is nice; you get to pick whatever toppings you want, but it's not like you can't do that at any other burger place.  The prices are really good as well; you would expect a "gourmet" burger restaurant to overcharge you since they could probably get away with it, but that's not the case with Bub's.The main problem is the fries.  They are delicious when hot, but after they cool down (about five minutes) they get really soggy, limp, and unappetizing.  This is probably due to their greasiness, and the fact that they aren't particularly crispy to begin with.  And since you get so many fries in even the smallest size, it's impossible to make a big dent in them before they go flaccid.Bub's would get 4 stars from me if not for the fries.  Usually I can overlook the poor execution of a menu item, but when it's the fries at a burger joint, I just can't ignore it.  I mean, what's a burger without fries?
4	Bub's has the polished look and feel usually associated with big chains, but don't let that fool you: Bub's is an independent, locally-owned business that sources its beef, beer and many other products from local Wisconsin farmers. The operation feels more polished than most indie shops not because of corporate backing, but because the owner has been a part of the Madison restaurant scene for over 20 years. ("Bub" is the name of the owner's son, if you were wondering.)Admittedly, the setup isn't entirely original. If you've been to Five Guys, Bub's will seem very familiar. It's a simple burger joint with a decent, basic variety of topping options, all of which are included in the price of the burger. You order at the counter, then after a short wait they bring your order out in a paper bag. Just like Five Guys, even a small order of fries overflows into the bag, providing plenty to share.We visited during the dinner hour on a Saturday and the place only had a handful of other customers, but that's probably because they're so new. The staff was very helpful and friendly, and brought our food out promptly. Both the burgers and Bub's one signature menu item, sweet potato fries, were fresh, reasonably tasty and less greasy than similar fare at other burger joints we've been to. Definitely worth trying if you find yourself in the area and in the mood for a burger.
2	Fries we're great, both Sweet Potato and Regular.  I was not impressed with the burger nor the buns.  Don't know if I hit it on a bad night or what but the bun wasn't fresh and the burger was dry.
1	I can say that everything bad that has been said about this place here and elsewhere came true on my single recent visit.  The positive reviews gotta be coming from paid-for bloggers.It was the middle of the afternoon with only a few customers and still, the wait time for my food was nearly eternal.  It's one thing to "cook-to-order."  It's quite another to "cook-one-order-at-a-time."  Perhaps even that would be acceptable if the food justified it; but it does not.  The burger was a notch below a McD's quarter pounder.  The fries were inedible - limp, greasy and cold.  A whole lot of them is a whole lot of  . . . Most grating though, was the counter service.  Two young women were there to take my order.  (Suggestion: substitute one cook for one counter girl.)  After taking my order, they proceeded to chat and giggle about the chaos going on with the orders, for example, "I totally forgot what this order is supposed to be."  I guess they thought that was funny.When I finally got my order, I got the droned "sorry for the wait."  I told the girls it would probably be best not to be funnin' up the incompetency in front of the customers.  One of the girls shot back "We know what we are doing," just the way, I am sure, that she sasses her parents and teachers.So, I got it all: Ridiculous wait; rude service; really bad fries; pedestrian burger.  It just goes to show, a good idea does not produce a good result without know-how and hard work.  Bub's shows neither.
5	I drive past this place all the time since I live pretty close to it and one day decided to drop in. It reminds me of Five Guys downtown but the set up and decor reminds me of a fancier place, it's set up really nice. The lady at the counter was nice. I ordered the Bona Fide Cheeseburger where you can pick your own toppings, it was very good and ordered a small thing of fries and they filled the bag half full, it really filled me up! I highly recommend this place and will be going back soon! :)
3	Burgers are great; juicy and flavorful - great rolls for the burgers. I totally agree with the posters on the fries. They need to go back to the drawing board on their fries BIG time. The dessert basket on the counter deserves mentioning.  MONSTER portions of Scotcheroos, rice krispie bars and brownies. Think Noodles & Company size bars. If you like peanut butter and chocolate, you should NOT pass up the scotcheroo. (Course they are simple to make at home too
3	If you've ever been to Five Guys, Bub's will seem slightly familiar. They pretty much do the same type of burgers and fries (with the same ridiculous portions). Some slight differences - Bub's offers way more sauces and sweet potato fries.Solid place for a better than fast food burger.
4	Great burgers and fries - competes with the Five Guys of the world quite nicely.  Six of us and everyone was happy.  The ambience is modern and casual, food is served in paper bags instead of plates, which is odd, especially since it shows how greasy the fries are.We showed up at 6:30 on Sunday and they close at 7.  They appeared to be cleaning up and the place was pretty dead, but the two employees were both very friendly.  The food came out in a reasonable time frameIf we lived in the area, I'd say we'd be fairly regular and probably pretty fat ;-).
3	I like eating local whenever possible.  Bub's is pretty decent.  It's not great.  It won't change your life.  It is tasty and edible, though.  I've had better burgers, but not many.  It certainly beats fast food.  The restaurant isn't the cleanest place I've ever been.   The decor could use an update.  The staff is decent.  I would go there again, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there.My biggest problem with Bub's is their prices.  For the quality of food they serve, I feel overcharged.
4	Brand new interior, and the selection of specialty burgers was good.  Lots of craft beer to choose from too.  The fries were very good.  I have no complaints and will definately go back and bring a friend with next time!
