4	I wandered in this shop while killing time waiting for someone.  It was a very happy accident. They have killer frames.  I always see the same old stuff at every place I look.  Not so with this place.  They take risks... Big risks.  The result is a shop with the hottest styles around and at very reasonable (not cheap) prices.The selection is hot.  Lots of places carry names like Maui Jim... they have a more interesting list along with a few expected choices.  Vendors include Harry Lary (Paris), Kyoto, Booth & Bruce England), Etnia (Barcelona), ProDesign (Denmark), Theo (Belgium) and others.  My faves this week are the frames by harry lary and by etnia.The employees were very helpful, considering that i didn't get anything.  I suspect that they were not employees, probably the owner. I will go back for a pair of glasses from them when i get my eye issues resolved (surgery).  Until then, I will just have to stop in once in a while to try on a few and add them to my wishlist.
5	When I was a kid I remember watching an episode of Jem (yeah you remember the cartoon about the hot glam chick rock band with super powers) where this kid starts going blind from sitting too close to the tv. Its ridiculous and I rather hope that I don't really remember this as much as I am making it up in my head. Anyhow this gave me a great Idea. I sat as close to the tv as humanly possible all through The Smurfs and The Snorks and Speed Racer and The Fraggles and whatever other weird cartoons I was into at the time. Why? you may ask. Because I have always thought glasses looked sharp. They look suave and cool and smart. So I wanted some.My prescription is light now and I can get away without them but I love them and this shop has so many frames; all of them hip...the prices may shock but we are talking designer here. The owners are knowledgeable and more helpful that you could possibly hope for. You will not run into someone wearing your glasses on a weekly basis like when shopping from the average mall chain. This place has glasses like hotrods...seriously its like going to a car show only instead of cars they have glasses. Bitchin'!-P.S. They don't do eye exams so don't forget to bring your prescription.  Also I wish the name were a little less girlie so that if I shop there I don't have to tell people that I got my glasses at Sassy Glasses.
5	Woohoo Sassy Glasses!!!  Fellow four-eyes, you must stop by to try on some new specs.  You will find the store stocked with a wide variety of fashion forward frames from all over the world.  I fell in love with some old school classic tortoise shell frames by Kio Yamato and modern black angular frames by prodesign denmark, so I got both!  I couldn't stop myself. My search for new glasses has a back-story.  About 5 months ago, my puppy ate my glasses.  I was upset, but not too upset because I wasn't in love with the frames.  So, I went to the fancy store at the Waterfront by the Fashion Square - Optika - to buy the glasses I had been dreaming of...  black Chanel rectangular frames with bicolor arms.  Those glasses were bucks, but I loved them.  I got compliments on a weekly basis, usually from guys.   Then one day, just months after I got them, the puppy managed to sneak them off the counter while I was talking on the phone.  I was horrified to find the mangled frames hanging out of his mouth when I heard a loud "crunch, crunch, crunch."  I cried.  Real tears.  I am not exaggerating.  After recovering from the trauma, I went back to Optika, but could not find the beloved Chanels.  They were "last season" and no longer in stock.  I tried on a variety of frames from all the big names...  but nothing spoke to me.  Then I remembered my friend Yelp.  I asked Yelp, where do I find "cool glasses."  Up popped Nathan S. and Sarabear B. , both touting the great selection of unique frames at Sassy Glasses.   I raced to the store to find a FANTASTIC selection of unique glasses in a modern boutique-style shop ran by a very cool husband and wife pair.  I had a great time trying on frames and fell in love with about 5 pairs.  The best part?  I walked away with 2 pairs of glasses that I love for about the same price I paid for the Chanels.  Thank you Yelp!
5	Sassy Glasses rocks- seriously! Stopped by about a week ago to check out their selection of frames and was totally blown away! They have a very large collection of frames and styles that you will not find elsewhere. I found an absolutely gorgeous pair of glasses and they were ready in about a week, which was sooner than expected! The staff is totally friendly and I have a feeling that this will be the only place where I purchase my eyewear from now on. I don't think that they take insurance but hey, if you want originality you're going to pay a little.
5	Remember those cool glasses you saw your colleague/friend/date/hot waiter wearing the other day that made you rethink your contact lenses?Chances are they got them at Sassy.  Sassy Glasses is THE place to go if you want unique and cool frames in any style, from 'button down business' to 'far-outfunky', at a variety of price points.  The owners are knowledgeable and attentive, and most importantly, patient, which is nice, because the offer so many styles to choose from.Even better Sassy is  a locally owned, independent business, so more of your hard earned money stays in town.  The only downside is that they don't take insurance (directly) and have no optometrist on site, or close by, although they will refer you to one)
4	Amazing!  Great selection, and without them I'd be very unhappy with the selection at Lens Crafters.  I would so go back.  Give them your very best, they give theirs.
5	um, this place is great! definitely for the person that does not want to compromise the aesthetics of a nice set of frames!!! family operated local business, I found them on Yelp and then went in to see what they were about.I am REALLLY picky when it comes to eyewear, I have very particular taste, and definitely know what I want in a pair of glasses. I found the style of glasses I had been searching everywhere for within 2 minutes of being in the store, and trust me-no small feat! They are funky, geeky, clear acetate heaven...so pomo...aanyways, just go here! It is great!
2	Sassy Glasses has one thing going for it; frame selection. If there is another place in Phoenix that has comparable frame selection I am unaware of it. Sassy Glasses falls short everywhere else however. The problem is Sassy Glasses is just a middle man. They do not make their own lenses, nor do they have their own doctors. And their optometry knowledge is, to say the least, limited. They are good at helping you find the right style, but the doctors they send you to are sub par and if there is a problem with your lenses you will not be able to deal directly with the lens makers. The bottom line is Sassy Glasses is good for people with minor vision issues who want to look "hip" in their glasses, but people who need serious optometry services should look elsewhere.
5	I have been going to Sassy Glasses since I moved out here, about 4 or 5 years.I originally went for their frame selection - which is FANTASTIC!I think of eyeglass frames as jewelry, and since I need them on my face 24/7, I always have a few pairs. (You wouldn't wear the same pair of earrings every day, would you? Well, ok, I wouldn't).They definitely have the coolest frames in town - not necessarily the trendy boring 'names'; these are mostly European & Japanese cutting-edge style, but with enough 'interesting' basics for your everyday pair.They are locally-owned, unlike most other shops in the Valley.And to the previous reviewer who said they do not make their own lenses - well, I have news for you, I don't think I've EVER been to a shop that DID - even when I lived in NYC and Boston - at least for my prescription, which is a VERY complicated one, prisms and astigmatism and progressives and diopters. No matter where I've lived, my lenses ALWAYS take a week to order and receive.Which brings me to - Ouida & Dan take the TIME to make sure they have my prescription and measurements CORRECT, unlike another nameless chain place I went to here in the Valley once (and will never return to).  They KNOW what they are doing. And they are really really nice, unlike some of the snobby shops so prevalent in the Valley. Have been in a few of those places to browse and I felt like I was being scoped out as to whether I could afford the frames or something! (and I try not to dress like a schlump). And I have no confidence that those places would get my lens correct, anyway.S.G. even made me a special pair of glasses to wear for when, as I normally do, sit with my laptop in my lap with the TV on, with the progressive line moved way up so I could see both.Sassy Glasses IS a bit pricey, but I've discovered (see above) that you get what you pay for, at least on the lenses.Which is why I am a long-term customer.
5	In my seven years in the Valley, Sassy Glasses has supplied 5 of my 6 pairs of glasses.  I tried one other place, wasn't thrilled and went back to my faithful source for funky frames and phenomenal service.  They're not the cheapest by any means and they're certainly not a full service eye care provider either --- nor do they portend to be.  What they do provide is an excellent selection of unique frames, attention to detail and quality service.If you are like me and need to wear glasses every single (GD) day of your life (severe astigmatism so contacts are out, and no way in Hades am I having my eyeball sliced open with a scalpel or laser while I watch), then you're pretty much set with wearing glasses.  I wear mine every day, so I feel justified in making 1) an investment in quality, custom-fitted frames, and 2) unique frames that augment my look.  Sassy is the source for both of my qualifying criteria.Quida & Dan (the owners) run a great little boutique.  They take the time to consult with you on getting the pair that fits your needs & wants and they'll order specific colors/finishes/models for you if they don't have them in stock.  My lenses are somewhat trying in that I require a weird prism in my right lens and they take the time to make sure 1) the frames support my lens needs and 2) that when the glasses arrive -- they are fitted to my face comfortably and professionally.I usually make an annual pilgrimage to SG when I get my tax return (I've never had/been offered good insurance for someone who needs something beyond Lenscrappers inferior capabilities), so I went in 10 days ago and ordered a frame (not in stock) that I knew I wanted. Picked them up tonite, Quida fitted me and I was off like a prom dress after midnight -- sporting my sassy new look.
5	I had been getting my glasses at another store with a Colorado sounding name. When I needed new lenses I called for a price and it was almost $700.00... just for the lenses. I did some poking around on the Internet and found Sassy carried my specialty frames as well. Dan helped me out with the new lenses, a bit of frame repair and saved me a bundle. Plus, he is a nice guy. I am a big fan and will be back.  Plus, if you want some very disctinctive eyewear, the have the best.
5	My husband needed to get his first pair of glasses and our quest for the right pair was NOT going well!  He bought a couple pairs at the optical shop connected to the ophthalmologist and when he sent me pictures I was quick to call and cancel the order.  We then went to Costco but they really didn't have much and in desperation to just get it done we had a disastrous trip to Lenscrafters.  He was intent on the most horrid old man glasses and wouldn't listen to anything I had to say much to the amusement of all the other customers, but I was in no way amused.  That is when I turned to my fellow yelpers  - THANK YOU.  When I typed in glasses Sassy Glasses came up and I was excited after visiting their website (you can get a $25 coupon by signing up for their mailing list).  It really wasn't located on our side of town, but we are no strangers to traveling for the things or food we want - Mesa resident hazard.  Anyway we hustled to get there before they closed on a weekday and made it in about 5:15pm.  They had the best selection of glasses I had ever seen and for someone who is completely committed to her contacts I was actually jealous of my husband as there were several pairs I wanted for myself!  Another day!  Anyway there really wasn't a pair there that I would have said no to and Jordan who helped us couldn't have been nicer.  She helped with suggestions, gave some good insights about frames, and was completely non-pressure.  When we had a question she wasn't a 100% about she called for Dan, the owner, and once again it was a helpful encounter.  My husband ended up getting not just a really cool pair of glasses that he likes because a. they don't have big logos on them, b. no one else has anything like them, and c. they are just really comfortable for him, but he also ordered some Maui Jim's prescription sun glasses which is a great concept.  He told me he has zero buyers remorse and has commented several times on what  great experience it was.  As people before have mentioned, expect to pay more there, but know you will have an incredible selection and great service!
5	Sassy Glasses has been my eyeglass retailer since 2004! Having needed glasses since I was a kid, but yet not finding a pair that fits my face (I've got a big noggin), I went without for a very long time because I couldn't stand the way I looked in frames.  Either that or I'd get glasses, and not wear them.  Contacts did not work for me either.  A very good friend of mine is friends with the owners, Dan and Quida, and suggested I check out their shop. I walked in and immediately thought - I think I can find something in here that I like and more importantly, looks awesome on me! I love my Booth and Bruce glasses and sunglass clips! Dan suggested the clips because I had lost 2 pairs of prescription sunglasses in the past. I have been wanting new frames for the wedding and know I'll be able to find something I love at Sassy Glasses! The boutique is a little bit on the pricey side, but IMO you get what you pay for!
5	If you're picky about how you look in your glasses and the run of the mill frames found at the 1hour places do not suit your style - Head on over to Sassy Glasses! I got my glasses a few weeks before the wedding so I could get used to the new prescription. I wore them EVERYWHERE, except around J. I had a few people ask me what was wrong with my old frames. Or better yet, why I was going to wear glasses on my wedding day. Why not get contact lenses. Seriously?! I know your wedding day is a special day, but why would I wear contacts that one day when I wear glasses on a daily basis. Dan and Quida understand this and helped me pick out the best frames that suited my face, would look fantastic on my wedding day (almost like another wedding accessory..an extension of my veil, jewelry, etc), and would look fantastic for everyday wear. I LOVE LOVE LOVE my Alain Mikli glasses and get tons of compliments on them/how I look in them! The first time my hubby saw my new glasses was when I was walking down the isle. After the ceremony, he laughed and said, "How long have you been hiding those?!" To which I replied, "Oh just a few weeks!" Thank you Dan and Quida!!!
5	A little back story, I've been on the hunt for the perfect glasses for the past year. No joke. I was having the hardest time parting with my previous glasses, that I had nearly five years. Their bright blue color garnered me many compliments over the years, and I just couldn't fathom retiring them. I actually got those frames at a local chain, which came as a surprise since most of the national boring chains rarely carry anything funky. I went back to said chain, to find more glasses, and found a suitable pair but realized soon after I purchased them, they weren't cute enough. So, given their 100% no questions asked return policy, I returned them. You would have thought I asked for a million bucks, because they were more than snobby and annoyed with my return. I vowed never to step foot in that place ever again. I tried shopping other chains, basically going into every single place with no luck. I quickly realized my search was going nowhere and gave up. Then around Christmas I went to a Christmas party where I saw a girl in virtually the same blue frames as myself. I immediately asked her the brand name which was Etnia, and I felt like I won the lottery. She indicated they were Italian frames and purchased at a boutique shop in L.A. I immediately knew I'd find what I wanted with that info. Googling "Etnia" in Phoenix gave me one result- Sassy Glasses. Off I went, immediately the same day, half way across the valley 35 miles to this little store. Right when I looked at their frame selection I was in heaven. It was like hitting a gold mine of glasses, I couldn't believe there could be so many stylish, colorful, unique glasses in one little store. The owner immediately asked if I needed help, brought me over frames he thought would look good on my face (he was right on), informed me of their sale drawers of closeout frames, and was just generally extremely friendly and knowledgeable. The frames are pricey. I found two frames I fell in love with. One was $390 and the other was $475. LOL! I always seem to pick the most expensive frames, so I continued looking. Sure enough, I lucked out and found a beautiful dark purple/blue frames for $200. Not only that, if I bought the lenses through them, they'd take off $100 from the frames making the frames only $100! I told the owners that I was looking to get my lenses at Costco to save money. They were nice enough to call Costco for me and see what their prices were. It turned out they were only nominally cheaper given the great discount I got on the frames if I purchased the full set with Sassy Glasses. Plus, they informed me that while Costco is great, they don't use the newest technology for making lenses. Needless to say, I bought the whole pair through Sassy Glasses. When it was all said and done, I paid $305 for both frames and lenses, which I may add was $50 cheaper than the chain store I went to the last time, and that was for practically no-name frames. SO HAPPY I WENT HERE! Yelp is awesome!!!
5	Love this place -- walked in and had a new pair of great looking sunglasses in less than 20 minutes. The gentleman working there (I apologize that I didn't catch his name) didn't waste time having me try on pair after pair of glasses - he asked what I was looking for and then listened to my response, found a couple of options, and I was on my way, very happy and looking good.This place is highly recommended for having a great staff, great selection of options and for feeling like a fun place to shop. This will be my first stop next time I need a pair of glasses.
5	Notice the cool eyeglasses that I'm sporting these days?  I got them at Sassy Glasses!  You see unfortunately there's this strange thing that happens when you get older than 40- you start to lose your eyesight!Seriously I was struggling with seeing.  It got so bad I didn't like to read anymore and I'd have to go to bed at 8:00 because my eyes were so tired I couldn't see anymore either.  Everything was blurry. So I went to the eye doctor and he gave me a prescription for guess what.... BIFOCALS!  If' you're over 40 and a woman you know what a serious blow this is to one's ego! In any case, I took my prescription to Sassy Glasses and they hooked me right up with a stunning pair of transitional bifocals that look pretty cool!  (Sounds like something Miley Cyrus would say!)They were great to work with, prices were reasonable for designer eye wear, not old lady eye wear, and they even sent me a thank you card afterwards.  So if you're like me and in denial about needing glasses, check out Sassy Glasses, they just might have a pair that will make you look great!
5	You wouldn't know it to look at me, but I'm a closet fashion junkie and got tired of compromising on my glasses.  Sassy Glasses has a rep for style, so I came in on a Saturday morning to look around.  The service was great - I was greeted immediately, then whisked away to try on frames at their suggestion that I probably would have not dared on my own.  All the frames seem of excellent quality, and I don't remember ever seeing any of them at any other store...certainly not my doctor's office.  Being the most indecisive person on earth, it was really helpful when he took my picture on their iPad so we could easily compare and see which frames actually fit my face and personality, which pared my options down to two really good ones, none of which were the most expensive.  At this point, he introduced me to all three other employees there who proceeded to give their expert opinions.  I chose a pair, we did the paperwork, and I was out of there in about an hour.  By far the easiest frame buying experience I've ever had, doubled with the best frames I've ever had to choose from.  The people were all very friendly, so helpful and exceedingly patient.  This review deserves an update after I pick up the frames/lenses, but at this point I am excited about what I am going to receive.
5	My girlfriend and I went in last week.. We both ended up getting new glasses, they are very nice and helpful, and have the coolest glasses around.  I highly recommend checking sassy glasses out.
5	Coolest glasses around.I had to cave and get glasses for nighttime driving. My friend tells me this is how it starts: first you just need them when you drive at night, then you start wearing them to watch TV, then to read, then all the time. I decided that if I was going to wear glasses all the time, they would need to be amazing. Not your run of the mill BS. Obviously, after getting my prescription at Walmart where it's cheap and the eye doc thought I was 21 (nope, it says 31 there, doc), I did a Yelp search and was intrigued by Sassy Glasses. Do not expect to find the same "designer" crap that every other store sells. This place is legit. Do expect to wait forever to get your glasses. They will send them back to the manufacturer if everything is not up to their standards, which happened to me.Do expect to pay minimum $500 for frame and lenses.   Even though it took forever, it was totally worth it. My glasses are the shit.
5	I had the pleasure to meet with Drew who works at this organization. He was very knowledgable and an absolute pleasure to deal with. I am looking forward to having my whole family use this business and I am looking forward to recommending them to my friends.
5	If I could award more than 5 stars for Sassy Glasses, I surely would.  In addition to having a funky selection of frames you won't find anywhere else, they have genuinely kind folks to help you out.  Try as many frames as you like until you find the ones you love, and they won't mind. They make every effort to get you into the right pair for YOU.  Conversely, even if you have fallen in loooove with a frame, they will tell you the hard truth if your prescription will look terrible in them.  Sad news indeed, but far better than taking delivery of a look that's not what you expected.  We had shopped around prior to our visit and placed an order without hesitation.  Admittedly the interesting styles are more expensive, but Sassy Glasses' prices are not out of line with other optical boutiques of the same caliber.  They also have a number of selections that are priced near the upper end of what the chain stores might offer, but are oh so much more appealing.Muwah!!
5	Great Service, Wonderful Staff, Unique Frames. What else can be said?
