4	At first blush, this seems like a rather mediocre Starbucks. Two (or is it three) tables in a very small seating area. Look around the side of the building to see some nice outdoor tables, complete with fresh water squirted to cool you down, and it seems a little less average. What really makes this my most frequentest place for a buzz near campus? The amazing staff. Despite working for yet another soulless corporation, they create community and warmth easily bikeable from my apartment and grad school.
4	I'm a total Starbucks... hell, coffee junkie! I like that this place is small and not too busy. The parking situation can be a bear sometimes since it shares spaces with Einstein Bagels and Blockbuster, but you can park a little across the way if it was really full so it's not extremely bad. Most of the time Starbucks is Starbucks, however I find that sometimes they don't make the drinks here consistently - at times they'll taste really sweet, sometimes too bitter. I guess it depends on how the barista was trained to make the drink. But as long as I get my coffee it's cool...
3	Starbucks is starbucks...it's on my way to work and if i have time i will swing thru hear. Negative is it takes forever because everyone else and their mama seems to go the same time i do. Staff at starbucks are usually always awesome, I would know I've worked at several of em ;)
5	If i have to choose between this location and the one on 43rd Ave. It has to be this one..  Why?  Because here, they get your drink out in literally 2min or less.  Im not dogging the other location because they do great on the drinks, but my God.. you can spend 20min in the drive-thru at times. If you want fast, friendly and awesome service, this place kicks all kinds of ass. :)
5	Attached o the bagel joint. They always seem to have a crowd. Great study spot. Have been to this location since it opened. Staff as changed over the years, but is still rad. Lots of food in the lot. patio is a little rough at times, evil ants in the summer do to the fact that ants are addicted to carmel frappacinos.
3	The parking is crowded and awkward, but if you are already coming to this location for the bagels at Einstein Bros. next door then I suppose this is a decent Starbucks.  It is small - less than a dozen small tables- and was extremely busy on a Sunday morning.  The staff was friendly and helpful and the drink was made well (which is why I drove an extra mile and a half from the 43rd Ave and Thunderbird location).  The wait in line was over 10 minutes, but my drink was made quickly after I ordered.I can't imagine sitting to study or work at this Starbucks, but I saw at least one person doing so.As a side note, I do not like this new heated pastry thing they are doing.  I kind of like my scones cold or room temp.
4	This Starbucks gets the "Congeniality" award :DWhy?*They share a hallway with Einstein Bagels! 2 of my favs connected :)Other things I like:*plenty of parking*never too large a crowd*friendly staff*police presence (there always seems to be 1 or 2 vehicles in the parking lot)Areas for improvement:*a bit slow with getting the drinks out. *although they ask you for your name, they don't call it out when your drinks ready, which causes a bit of confusion.
2	The place is pretty clean but had to wait over  30 min just for a cup of expresso when nobody else is in front of me? Ridiculous!
4	The big plus is that this Starbucks is attached to an Einstein's. The customer area is a bit smaller than other Starbucks, but it's got the Starbucks drinks you know and love.
5	I work here now, and that makes it awesome. However it was pretty awesome already. :)
1	First time I have ever been to a Starbucks where the service was not friendly. No one made eye contact or even said thank you. I grabbed a snack box that was already opened and realized as I was paying. I informed the cashier and she just grabbed it and threw it and stated "anything else?" Then the barista added syrup to my iced coffee after I stated please no sweetener. There was no line and it still took 10 minutes to get a plain grande iced coffee.
1	Worst service ever. I feel like everyone here has an attitude problem. They don't even greet or thank you. Ugh. I now drive out of my way to avoid this sbux.
2	The store is very clean, and the staff is friendly. But this is the slowest moving Starbucks I have ever been to. Elect to wait around for at least 10 minutes with little to no line.
