4	This place is GREAT.  It is not "authentic" by any stretch of the imagination, nor is it classy, tastefully appointed, large, or well-ventilated, but godDAMN if my orange chicken pellets weren't the perfect size, the perfect amount of deep fried, and the perfect amount of orange glazed.  The cleanliness was very high for a chinese lunch counter in a strip mall, and the line cooks were screaming at each other in chinese over the sound of szechuan beef steaming and sizzling on the wok just as they should be.I ordered take out from the counter, and in the future I think I will call ahead as I had to wait about 20 minutes.  It was CRAZY crowded in there at the dinner hour, people were coming in to pick up their take out every single minute.
4	Pretty decent for a typical Chinese food place. I love it just because it's so close to my house. It's definitely not authentic like Sarah said, but it's quick and filling and really clean.I swear though, I think all Chinese places use the same pictures for their menus. At least they're all appetizing :)
5	Best chicken w garlic sauce I've ever had. Barely spicy at all - just a strong, crisp flavor.Hit up the lunch special ($5.68 after tax 11a-3p) so you can enjoy their fried rice as well.
4	This place is my guilty pleasure.  I get the fried dumplings with szechuan sauce, chicken lo mein, and pork fried rice - and it lasts for three meals for like $12.  Can't beat that!  The lady at the counter always remembers my husband's name too :-)
4	We go here because the guy who owns it is named Eugene. And how do I know this? Because he told me, and then we had a great conversation about how much we both love New York, and then he made really good orange chicken for me, which is now the only thing I ever order here. The orange chicken at Green Jade reminds me of one of my other vices, the orange chicken from Panda Express. Only at Panda, Eugene isn't there.
4	Wah, I'm sad, my mongolian beef was like 75% onion 25% beef.  And it still cost $8!  I hope this was a fluke guys, cuz I love you!
5	Delicious dumplings/potstickers. (Pork, fried), Tasty Gen. Tso's chicken- very good sauce and chicken (I requested white meat). Love their  wonton soup. Veggies are always fresh and crisp, not mushy. The service is  exceptionally friendly and accommodating. Very clean. I wish they delivered! By far our favorite Chinese in Champaign. We moved and still drive 20 min from the far side of Urbana. Lunch specials are a great deal as well. My sister said the beef with broccoli was as good as the place she buys from in NYC, where she lived for four years.
5	Quintessential quick and good Chinese food. Go there and try it, it's bound to be better than your usual Chinese take out place.They are good people as well.... Never had a rude or bitchy person help me. :)My Vote... Beef Broccoli (boring i know, but the sauce is so good) and boiled dumplings.
4	This is a great Chinese restaurant depending on what you order. Some of their food can be a bit bland for my tastes, but they'll add more spice to anything if you request it and like a bit more heat. Their General Tso's Chicken and Orange Chicken are probably their two best dishes. I'd also recommend their pot stickers, though the sauce can have a strong garlic taste so be forewarned if that's not your thing. They have an incredibly friendly staff and keep a nice, clean kitchen (which you can see for yourself as you wait for your order) and are a great low-cost alternative for Chinese food in CU.
3	got takeout from here the other night with the boy and was pleasantly surprised. don't know if i'd sit down and eat in-house (quite small and with all the pickups it was really busy and cold) but definitely our place to go for takeout. i got the tofu with veggies and garlic sauce...tofu was done just right and the veggies were nice and crisp still, just the way i like it. the sauce wasn't overly-oily and had a great flavor, and the rice was perfectly cooked.the boy got general tso's chicken (extra spicy) and loved every bite of it.prices are totally fair (about $8 for each dish and we had leftovers for another meal the next day) and the service is awesome.  though this is for sure "americanized" chinese food, it definitely hit the spot and we will return.
5	Great food! Friendly service. Free hot tea in the dining area. The owner recognizes my voice and the details of my order, which I appreciate so I don't have to repeat all of the details every time: fried tofu in black bean sauce, no vegetables, add mushrooms, etc. It is quick and easy. Love it!
5	Our go-to for Chinese take-out!  I love that they are not afraid to make something more spicy (WAY more spicy) if you ask for  extra spicy!  (Some places just won't make it very hot, maybe they think you'll bring it back or something.)    My husband loves their lo-mein, while I am a huge fan of all of their spicy vegetarian dishes.  Always friendly and super-fast!
4	Green Jade is Boyfriend's Chinese place of choice, so I've been eating here fairly regularly for over a year. I had never been super impressed, but usually mostly satisfied with my food. This, fellow Yelpers, was entirely MY fault. I kept ordering things from the regular menu like sesame chicken and sweet and sour chicken and pork lo mein, expecting awesome. Don't get me wrong, those items are solid, even good. But not socks-off-knocking. The real beauty here is apparently in THE SPECIALS. ORDER THE SPECIALS.We've been to Green Jade twice in the past six weeks. The first visit, I tried the garlic eggplant special. Oh. Wow. I love eggplant, and this was eggplant done right. Well done!The second visit, I was disappointed that there was no eggplant special. Boo. However, they DID have a green bean and pork special. Oh. Wow. So, here's a tip - go to Green Jade. Order one of the specials! Also, if you like soup, they have the best egg drop soup in Champaign.
4	I discovered Green Jade not long ago. I ordered my favorite Chinese dish, House Special Angel Hair, and it was good and not greasy. The portion was also big. The place looks clean and the cashier is friendly. I think it's a good place for take-out!!!
5	This place is great. I love their orange chicken (of course) and their sesame chicken is incredible, too. It is ready within 30-40 minutes of me calling them, and is always piping hot when I get it out. Also, the containers they give you the food in are re-usable and even survive my dishwasher. I really love this place on a lazy Sunday when I don't want to do anything but eat a bunch of food and crash again.
2	No no no. What place are you people eating? The reviews looked good but the food was the same bland slop I could get at any stripmall place in the country. Panda Express is better than this. I am not criticizing the owners just the reviewers!
4	You know, I had a decent experience here. It was fast cooking and it was just an easy process of ordering. Prices are normal and portions are huge. I got the combination chow mein and I definitely split that for two meals.HUGE portions and I thought the taste was good too. Not amazing but really good (I'm sure there are better).I'd return...it's just a bit out of the ways.
