5	I've visit this chain multiple times on my visit to Montreal. This was the first stop when my boyfriend and I arrived and it'll stay in our heart. Cute little "fast food" chain even though there's nothing fast food about it. Serves a wide variety of burgers and poutine. Gosh, their fries are to die for. Absolutely best fries I have ever had, the best! We ordered the Le Rudolph Burger (reindeer burger indeed, unless you want to call it caribou) and the Toulouse Sausage which was made of garlic and white wine. The caribou burger was really good, the meat patty was cooked nicely and was really tender. Didn't take too much chewing for a burger. The sausage was on the bland side, tasted quite healthy which is the total opposite of what I had in mind when it comes to sausages. But the fries, whoaaa... the best thing on earth. Light and crispy, even after an hour of sitting there eating, the fries were still light and crispy... how does that work?! Service was alright, waiter was friendly and helped us with some things on the menu. The atmosphere was trendy and chic, definitely for the young crowd. Luh-uv this place.
4	Frite Alors offers quite good poutine at a reasonable price. Their poutines offer interesting combinations... I had the La Tunisienne with Merguez (Tunisian lamb/beef sausage) and onions which match perfectly with the delicious gravy and melty cheese curds! However, even the frites themselves are very good with the multiple combinations of sauces offered for a Belgian-style feast. A decent selection of bottled Belgian beers, however it could be better. I also like the graphic art reminiscent of Asterix on the walls-- gives the ambiance a lift.
2	Oy! Another burger another disappointment.  The old lady said it best... WHERE'S THE BEEF? Right sized burger but it was probably a 10/1 patty. The rest was all condiments and sauces. The bun was pretty good though, a would-be Ciabatta bread but not as dense or tough. Some spanky sauce, over-dilled dill pickles. And Emmental? Really? All the topings were so overpowering that I couldn't even taste the patty, it's like the main component of the burger was a mere afterthought. The poutine... I asked for a small poutine and yet it was a meal in itself.  It was ok but as a non-traditional poutine goes, they need to go to La Banquise and study up. Burger meat, onions, and shrooms. But a lot of Meh also. It was OK but not very impressive. Although my friend's pull-pork poutine was pretty tasty though. BONUS: Large selection of Steward's pop.
3	Upon arriving to Montreal, the first thing on our minds were poutine, so after quickly yelping, we found this place that specializes in the gravy fries goodness. After walking around St. Cat's and not being able to find this place, we just settled for Peel's Pub. It's okay though we were able to find this place the next day, hidden in the downstairs on St. Cat's. Even though we weren't too hungry at the time, we still managed to stomach a big plate of poutine. I ordered the poutine with beef, mushrooms, and onions. The food was okay, way toooo much ground beef more than the fries itself. The cheese was chunky, meat was salty, and the gravy was almost non-existent. After picking off my friend's plate, I came to the conclusion that poutine should be simpl, just gravy and cheese. If you're into all the extras with your poutine give it a shot, and if fries aren't your flavor, they also burgers and more.
4	I got to try this place because of its proximity to the hotel I was staying at. To my surprise, it happened to be the place that had the best poutine I've tried in Montreal. We got smoked meat and pulled bbq poutine. Both were impressive and the fries felt like they just came out from the frier, something I have not seen in the other times I've tried pouting in Montreal.If I go back I know I'll have to pay it a visit again.
5	Came here for my first taste of poutine and was not disappointed. The staff were very friendly and considerate. The food was perfect. I wish I lived in Montreal, I'd go here every week!
1	Crappy food and crappy service.  I got one of the burgers on my trip to Montreal.  I don't remember which one exactly because it wasn't exactly memorable.  The patty was so overcooked, it was dry and hard.  It's one of the worst burgers I've had in a while.  I also had the poutine, which was okay.  Not the best I had in town, but nothing spectacular either.As for the service, and thus the 1 star rating.  They were not packed at all when I ate there (Thursday night), but the servers were not attentive at all.  It took 15 minutes to flag one of the wait staff down to take our orders initially.  After that, they never returned to refill our water, or ask if we needed anything.  I had to hunt another wait staff down for a bottle of ketchup (cause the burger really needed it).  And when the meal was done, I ask to break some change for tips, and I guess she didn't want to do so cause she felt she deserved the entire bill instead, so she left me to sit there waiting.  I could've left nothing, but I felt bad, so I Ieft whatever change that was in my pocket.  Folks should move right pass this place and eat at one other places on this road.
3	Poutine is a French-Canadian dish of French fries and fresh cheese curds, covered with brown gravy or sauce.  Ugggh, I think I just gained 5 pounds writing that but OF COURSE, you can't come to Montreal and not have any!  So we ended up at Frite Alors.  This was my first Poutine experience so I'm going to go with three stars.  I ordered the traditional which was just cheese and gravy.  The cheese is not melted, it comes in a curd form (see pics).  It was good but obviously very filling.....great for sharing and great for after hours.  My favorite part is the GRAVY.....oh my lawd, so good.  The cheese, was just ok.  It didn't really do much for me in the curd form.
3	Great fries with lots of creative sauce options.  Good service and couple great local area  beers. Fun to hang out.
3	Poutine in several different flavors, funky sauces for French fries, burgers, wings, some seafood. Came here for my first Poutine experience and I am so glad I did! I had the Poutine with Pulled Pork and it was DEEEELICIOUS! We started off with some wings which were pretty good. Ordered the sundries tomato and basil fry sauce to go with them and it was really good. The service here is not so good. Our waitress started to take our order then ran off, she came back and seemed annoyed by our requests to translate some of the menu items into English for us. The food came out in good time, but we hardly saw her the rest of our time there. Had to grab other waitresses for water refills, when it was time for the check, etc. The Poutine was so good though that I would go back.
3	I came here while searching for a Poutine place in Downtown Montreal that would be open on the later side of a Wednesday night.  Convenient to my hotel (which meant a short walk through the snow), Frites Alors felt oversized, if anything.  With tens of tables free occupied by just a small scattering of young locals and visitors, it made my solo dining experience feel even more lonely.  But it didn't really matter: they have beer, poutine, and hockey on TV.I ordered the Montreal poutine, a standard poutine but topped with smoked meat.  It was good, not great.  The meat didn't really taste like anything or add any flavor to the dish, and the cheese curds stayed pretty solid the whole time.  Fries and gravy were solid though; but I've had better.The service was fine, no complaints, and for what it is, the price is about right (I probably should have just opted for traditional poutine in retrospect).  I guess this is convenient if you're looking for Poutine downtown and it's part of a chain, which could explain the quality and what not.  It's not good, but it's not bad.  It's totally fine for what it is.
1	Messy place located in a semi-basement establishment. Waited for 15 minutes BEFORE their closing time until someone came to us and told us that they're closing.I don't know, a simple closing sign or telling us a little earlier would've sufficed.
4	As far as chains go, your best bet for poutine and burgers. This place makes a solid trad poutine, and has a much more sober take on stunt poutine (the pulled pork poutine is quite good). Their burgers and house dressings are delicious as well. Friendly staff, good ambiance, though a bit on the pricey side.
4	Yummy poutine, fun college atmosphere, service a bit slow, but would definitely recommend if you're ever in downtown Montreal.
3	The service can be hit or miss depending on the day.  The poutine is pretty good and I'd definitely recommend getting the small one because it is more than enough for a meal.When it comes to choosing among the burgers and sandwiches it really depends on what you choose.  The grilled cheese was pretty lacklustre and it hadn't been grilled long enough for all the cheese to melt.  The Texan Burger is very good and it is worth getting as is the European Hot Dog.  I always get the aioli sauce to go with the fries as I'm a big fan of it.
4	Big portion, definitely for 2 people.Had the steak (minced meat) poutine, well I think it was good, can't compare since it was my first poutine !I think it cost around 8 or 9 ? Not sure. Service was good, place could be a bit cleaner but was okay. I'd definitely visit again
1	I recently (regrettably) visited this Frite Alors,  My partner and I thought it would be a good choice since the menu had a few vegetarian options and I'm vegetarian.  I ordered the Croque Vegetarian with fries; it seemed like a good choice - until the sandwich came and there was a chunk of ground beef in it.  Fine for meat-eaters; not fine for vegetarians.  We alerted our waitress to this fact; she told us it must have have been an accident, but offered no apology, no concern, or no new sandwich.  Further, she told us that the fries aren't even vegetarian because they're cooked in beef fat.  We then told her it would be a good idea to tell customers who order a vegetarian meal that the fries are not in fact vegetarian, since it's not mentioned anywhere on the menu.  She told us that she eats meat, but sometimes orders the vegetarian sandwich because she 'likes avocados', so there's no need to tell customers about the fries.  Additionally, she told us the restaurant specializes in Belgian style fries, suggesting everyone must already know the fries are cooked in beef fat.  Perhaps they know in Belgium - but we're in Quebec.  It's not uncommon to assume that fries are cooked in vegetable oil.Some things this restaurant should note: If you have vegetarian items on your menu, your servers probably should NOT assume the customer ordered it because he 'eats meat but likes vegetables'.  If you have vegetarian items on your menu, your servers probably SHOULD assume vegetarians will order it. If you have vegetarian options on your menu, you should consider indicating that the fries are not in fact vegetarian.  Not all vegetarians are vegetarian by choice.
5	I ate dinner here twice, consecutively.The "Frite Alors" burger with the "Mexicane" sauce will not fail you. I PROMISE.
4	Frites Alore is a local fast food chain.  Chains I tend to avoid, but this chain has some real simple things that are good going for it.First, the fries are quite tasty.  They are not overcooked or undercooked and they crackle and have a great fatty texture and savory flavor. Second, There are many sauces that come with them. Tartare is very original, and any of the mayo based ones will not fail either. Third, this place is also very inexpensive.  And fourth they of course have poutine which is large and plentiful, and while I've had my share of pountines in the past (such as the famous one at Au Pied), one here will be satisfactory enough as it is and they have several different kinds.It's a fast food joint, the service is a little indifferent, the floor was probably not that clean or swept recently before you walked in chances are, but it's a great simple place to get a cheap bite.
5	Poutine, Poutine, Poutine!  Super unhealthy, but you need a layer of fat when it's cold out, right?  This place reminds me of a college bar where I use to go. Everyone there was very nice.  I got to watch Hockey (in french), drink local beer, and have my yearly fix of poutine.  What more could you ask for?
3	Not sure if I went on a bad fries day, but the fries were too oily. Would only come back if its a group thing, they have ample space to accommodate big crowds. But, overall, not the kind of place you crave food from. 3 stars for service friendly, food came out relatively quick (but it was only us there, group of about 20), and big clean space.
1	Well folks, it was bound to happen.  You cannot eat your way through Montreal and not have to visit the toilette, and this turd needs to be flushed.  First off it took us 10 minutes to be seated... and not because the house was full.  The place was rather baron even with enough staff to handle much more. Second off the place it self is disgusting compared to the other Frites Alors in the city.  We came to this one for one thing only.  The lobster poutine we heard so much about.  Don't bother unless you want to finish cooking it yourself at home, as they seemed to have forgotten to complete the dish.The following morning I emptied the take out boxes into a skillet, sauteed in butter and minced garlic then after adding the leftovers added fresh lemon and lemon zest.  Finally it tasted like a lobster dish.  Too bad I had to be half of the cooking staff to get to this point.But back to service, because this is a serious problem here, how does a business pay so many employees to ignore customers? We had missing drinks, missing condiments... heck I asked for a slice of lemon for the lobster and after a "sure just a second" gave up entirely since it was obvious my lemon was with the live lobsters, and maybe Cthulu.  Ya know?  The monster from the fictitious stories?  I'm saying the lemon was fiction folks...Go to one of the other Frites Alors in the city for your poutine fix.  Leave this place to the basement it resides in, and maybe Montreal will get lucky and use this for what it could be.  A place to put some of the snow plowed off St. Caths.For a foodie to walk out of your restaurant and wish they'd never walked in you really have to try to screw up that hard.  Mission accomplished.
4	Great poutines - interesting to have it served on a metal bowl. It was piping hot and somewhat hard to eat but very delicious.  Great service from the waiter as well.  The gravy is however very salty than usual.  Recommended for late night snacks.
4	The poutine here is pretty good. I got the large poutine with sliced sausage on it. The large is huge it's really bigger than it looks. The service here is alright overall not a bad place to eat.
3	Cool place on Sainte-Catherine St that we tried for lunch. I got the traditional poutine which I heard good things about but I wasn't too impressed. The gravy was overpowering  and I wasn't about to really get the taste of the cheese and fries together. I had a great strawberry (fraise) milkshake though. Still seems like a good place to grab a quick meal while shopping Sainte-Catherine.3 stars.
3	A decent chain poutine place.At lunch time it was nuts...super packed and loud.  I sat at a little bar and service was very slow.  The lady was friendly but she was overwhelmed.  I had the Frites Alors poutine, which is green peppers, mushrooms, onions and bacon.  It was very tasty although at the bottom of the bowl it was all fries, no sauce.   The large was so big I had to get a box for the remainder I couldn't eat.For poutine on the go, this is a solid option but it doesn't elevate the genre of the food.
1	Possibly the worst poutine and cheeseburger. Fries were cardboard, cheese was rubber. Cheeseburger was okay, but will not be visiting again. Avoid!!!
4	I had a very lovely meal here. The place was packed for a Friday lunch. We got to our table and the service was very good! We kindly asked for some English menus and definitely went straight to the poutines. Since this is something very uncommon in the states, I just had to try it, I ordered the lobster poutine:http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=h4o8e_Xbca2kXQO_vzOqgg&select=O1ANCUUIoSMPigAujSO-4QHoly crap, the dish was delicious. I would never have thought to put lobster with fries and sauce...but it worked. The sauce that was laid over the dish was creamy and delicious. Loved every bit of it. I would suggest coming in early to beat the crowd and just enjoy your meal.
