5	Just tried this place with my boyfriend and it was absolutely one of a kind shakes! Absolutely delicious! The staff was friendly and I liked the new tech. They have a huge selection of ingredients. I recommend people to check this out! :). The dairy milk shake and the galaxy bar shake are so good!
2	The family was shopping in the Sunset Galleria this afternoon and we encountered this new location.  The owners and the representatives were very friendly and outgoing and doing the things entrepreneurs need to do to lure people in to try new things.  We saw the popsicle options but all four of us opted for shakes.  My son ordered the Kit Kat shake, my daughter the Reeses Peanut Butter, my wife opted for one of the UK specials and I ordered the Chunky Money variety.  My first qualm with this place is the lack of pricing available and with the ambiguity of the pricing of the specialty shakes.  We did not know that there was a size option until we ordered and were asked "what size."  I ordered "medium" for all of my shakes, but was charged for the "Mucho" size for all of them because apparently the specialty shakes are only available in the "Mucho" size.  This should have been made clear to us when ordering and the cashier should not have asked "what size."  The total for 4 shakes was $30!  I understand that this is a novelty, but this was a bit pricey for me to make this a regular stop for me and my family.  To add insult to injury, when asked to pay, the electronic tablet first asks what percentage "tip" to provide.  I am all about rewarding good service and for tipping where appropriate; however, given the exorbitant prices and the fact that the servers are simply combining chocolate milk and ice cream in a blenders, I don't think a tip is warranted.Now, let's talk about the finished product.  It took quite a while to get the four shakes out and there was no one in front of us after we ordered.  There were 3 people making our shakes so you would think they would be able to get this out faster.  Finally, we received our shakes.  The "mucho" size cup is very small and does not live up to the term.  The shakes were fine, but nothing special to write about.  Certainly not worth the price.  Nielsen's and Mr. D's Custard's products offer so much more quantity and are much better tasting.  Not to mention, both these options cost $10 less than what we paid at this place.
4	I wish 3.5 stars was an option. Not quite a four, but definitely better than average.It's ice cream shakes (many based on different candy flavors) and gelato or sorbet on sticks. What's not to like? We had a mini shake with Lucky Charms cereal blended in. It tasted good. It felt like a good value. I'll likely patronize them again.So if you're at the mall and have a hankering for a shake or a sorbet or gelato bar, Sticks and shakes will serve.I will say though, they could use some additional signage regarding the options and their costs. It needs to be easier for their customers to understand what choices they have and their costs. Handing out menus is good, but large easy to read signage would be better.
5	My husband and I went there for the first time today! Great experience the owners were actually there he was really friendly! The shakes were awesome! My new favorite spot! Prices are good!
5	Excellent variety of shakes and sticks. (gelato bars).  Prices for shakes start at $4.95.  The Snickers stick was $4.00. Staff is super friendly and eager to please.  I will definitely be coming back.
4	Something new to the area. Shakes with candy in them, gelato and sorbet on a stick.The Watermelon sorbet was delicious and they had other flavors like capuccino, pistachio, chocolate, banana, sour green apple and more. THe shakes looked great and my kids loved them but I am not a shake person normally and I dislike chunks of candy in my shakes because of the change in texture so I only had a small sample.  I will say this, the gummy bear shake tasted reminded me of a boba drink.  THe other three people in my party all had shakes and all finished theirs which says something as I cannot tell you how often I find half drank shakes in my car or house from the kids.  Prices are reasonable and for breakfast they have waffles on a stick.
4	So this new specialty shop features gelato and fruit sorbets on sticks and custom shakes.  Its a stand alone shop across from the food court. I like they make everything  right on the premises. The sorbet sticks: There was some fruit sorbet sticks made and ready to go on display. Mr. B chose the watermelon sorbet.  True to what they said, there were bits of the fruit in it, the flavors were strong and all natural, you know how I could tell? I didn't see any traces of food coloring on your face like you get when you have a Popsicle. The shakes: You can have it customized or order their specialty favorites. For the customized ones, you choose from candies and cookies and even red velvet cake,  which they blend up. I went for the Specialty Favorites...the UK Shakes!  They blend shakes from chocolate bars from England. Galaxy Bars,  My friend whose from England raves about it. The Vegas Rock Dog owner even named her dog Galaxy. So that's what I chose. The Galaxy milkshake! It was creamy and subtle chocolate taste to it. .I think UK fans will appreciate more than I did though. The gelato sticks: I didn't get to try. No samples offered...boo... It's not like the Art of Flavors Gelato place in Vegas that's for sure.. But this place serves it's purpose in the mall. I'ts nice you can find natural and fresh fruit treat here. The prices: Prices are typical of what you pay in the mall...a  tad higher. No complaints from me though.  There is a 15% off any stick offer though if you check in through your Yelp app first!Service was helpful,  Ordering wasnt that complicated to me. I thought the simple menu board was self explanatory. The wait to make my shake wasnt any longer than the other places in the nearby food court.  Staff was friendly as was the owner Mark. He really takes pride in his new shop. Mentioned that a second store will be opening also.I really like the different shops coming into the Galleria Mall lately. And this specialty treat place is a welcome addition. I'm definitely down next time for one of their fruit sorbet sticks!  Yay Im a Fan, so four stars!
5	We went to the Galleria specifically to check this place out. We very foolishly ate dinner 1st...I don't recommend doing this. Anyway, we went right before closing. The owner was there talking up passing people & handing out menus. This really impressed me because this obviously a new establishment and the owner is clearly very passionate in seeing it's success. He was super nice & very helpful.We planned on getting gelato pops (the sticks), but we both decided on shakes. I wanted to try the PB/ Marshmallow one, but they use actual marshmallows and for some reason that didn't appeal to me. I would have rathered marshmallow cream.I ended up getting the Dairy Milk & my husband built his own with 3 Muskateers, M&Ms, & White Chocolate Kit Kat. They were both very thick...and delicious. Most places scoop in their mix-ins from tubs or jars...not here...they opened a full size of each candy bar. My husband remarked that he wished he had known this before ordering because there was a lot of candy in his shake!They have a frequent shopper card that is free. You get a stamp for each visit and earn freebies.It was a little pricey. $8 for each shake and they weren't big.
3	Was doing some window shopping at the galleria and stumbled upon sticks and shakes,which is located on the second level near the food court but across hot topic. We were warmly greeted by a very enthusiastic employee and the owner, who has a very strong UK accent. My first impression was that it's kind of a rip off of millions of milkshakes in West Hollywood except for the gelato sticks which I wasn't too impressed with but they do have half sizes for kids. We tried the coconut, snickers, pistachio, and chocolate sticks all dipped in chocolate and rolled in hazelnuts. Like I said.. It was basic. I wouldn't make a special trip just for this place but if I'm ever at the mall again, id try one of the sugary shakes or waffle sticks.
2	Sadly,  I really don't know what to make of this.Decided to bookmark this place based off of some of my Yelpers on my friends list, because they posted some yummy pics of their sticks and shakes.HOWEVER.....my experience was anything BUT satisfying. My special someone and I decided to get dessert after our dinner date. We both opted for the gelato sticks. $4.95 each. If you want to add toppings (chocolate dip + topping) it can range from 0.50 cents to $1.00 whether if you want half dip or full dip. Make sure you check in so you can get 15% off per stick, per person. Even with that discount, our total came out to around $12 including tax. We got:***1 coconut gelato stick with half milk chocolate dipping + rainbow sprinkles.***1 cappuccino gelato stick with full white chocolate dipping + pistachio topping. Maybe we're spoiled with Yogurtland or anything similar to froyo....but this was kind of pricey for a small dessert. Plus it wasn't great either. Just tasted like a normal popsicle stick with toppings. Too sweet for my liking. Only reason why I'll ever be back is to try the shakes. And that's a BIG MAYBE.
1	I have been here multiple times and on saturday night August 30th i was severed by a young lady with short hair. Very rude and i will not come back. I only visit places if i feel welcomed and i felt far from welcomed. That last two times i visited i ordered a big baller which was the first day you open and i was very impressed by everyone in the staff was nice and wonderful. The second time i came i ordered a red carpet which was amazing and the staff was wonderful. But how can great costumer service drop like that? You could clearly tell that she had no desire to work at this upbeat place. The prices are reasonable because you do get what you pay for. (full bars of candy in a shake) It takes a lot for me to write a bad review because its not the right thing to do, but i felt very uncomfortable and i do not want someone else to experience this. To be treated like this at a business is horrible feeling and i will make sure my colleagues avoid this place at all cost because of HORRIBLE costumer service.
3	I would love to have tried more than one item here before writing the review, but I'm just not in the Galleria Mall very often despite how close it is to my place of residence.I did go once though. Made a pass to grab a to-go menu and read up on it without feeling pressured, I kinda skimmed through the shakes, which look pricey ($4.75-$7.25+, depending on size and add-ons), and I wasn't feeling up to a waffle ($3.50) or a waffle on a stick ($4.95). When I got to the page with the sorbet sticks ($3.75) and gelato sticks ($3.95), I was interested to see the special dietary considerations highlighted for each option (vegan, dairty free, gluten free, or sugar free).Come to think of it, I wonder why only 4 of the 24 flavors are listed as gluten free. I don't care about that stuff really, but I'm just curious to learn what they use that contains gluten.Anyway, I spotted hazelnut on the gelato stick list, so I went back to purchase it. I saw that they have a bunch of their ice cream / sorbet on a stick options lined up in their glass display, ready to entice regular customers who don't grab a to-go menu and run away. I also noted that they use a Clover-based cash register with a unique swiveling screen that I hadn't seen before. Not sure why, but it felt more difficult to sign my name on this screen than the screen of the Square machines that I've been seeing more and more of. Overall, I think that it's worth the novelty not to use cash.I took my gelato stick, presented in a paper tray that some might describe as cute, and I found a table so that I could slowly enjoy my treat. I thought that the texture would have been more thoroughly creamy, but it was noticeably icy at times. This is disappointing because even a Haagen-Dazs ice cream bar from the freezer aisle is thoroughly creamy.The gelato stick's flavor did have some decent hazelnuttiness though, so props for that. However, it seemed a little syrup-y at times, as if they'd added enough sugar to change the texture of both the ice and the liquid "melt" that appeared over time. I can't help but compare this to when I've previously enjoyed hazelnut flavors, whether it was in gelato or in chocolate, and it doesn't quite measure up.I'll probably try them again next time I somehow find myself at the mall to see if their other flavors are interesting, and/or if the texture wasn't a bit of a fluke. Or I might actually go the distance and get it dipped in chocolate and covered in something nice, like hazelnuts, instead of cheaping out like I tend to do. But even if I had gotten the "full dip & top" today, I probably still wouldn't have been impressed.Overall, I can't recommend them over the aforementioned frozen aisle ice cream, the true gelato just a manageable drive away at Art of Flavors, or even over an alternative nearby frozen treat place like Yogurtland. Sticks and Shakes is not worth going out of your way at all.
4	These are pretty tasty shakes they have here. I had the red carpet shake and ah let me say that's the best red velvet shake I've ever had. It be nice if they had more franchises elsewhere like town square or outlets. I'm giving it 4 starts because the prices are outrages with the amount of qty of product. I don't think a ice cream should be 4$ and plus if you are dipping it into toppings. .50cents for half dip and a dollar extra if you want to dip the whole thing. ( it's not even a big Ice cream stick ) Seriously is that necessary? I mean your are already charging too much for a simple ice cream. The dipping and toppings should come included in the 4$ anyways 7$ are  NOT ok due to the size of the cup :) oh well people will spend including me. I would only purchase the red velvet shake since there's nothing I've had that comes close.
5	My kids and I always have "Ice cream Sunday"  and we try to make it different each week.  We were all very happy with our choices.  I highly recommend the cheesecake on a stick. What a great idea.
4	We have tried a few different tasty treats. We are very satisfied with the service and their shakes, cheesecakes on a stick which accompany toppings. There shakes are a little pricey but, it depends on what you add in. We will be going back.
3	Stopped by here on Black Friday after shopping. Saw a Nutella shake under the favorites category and was excited to try it. The lady at the counter was very sweet when taking my order but once my card was swiped and processed she told me it would be a 10 minute wait. In my opinion, I feel that if there's going to be a wait then it should be told to the customer prior to locking them into their purchase. After almost 20 minutes I told her I wanted a refund. She said, "yours is next." After that interaction it was another 5 minutes. I understand that they were busy and understaffed but 20+ minutes for a milkshake? Insane. The milkshake tasted phenomenal and I very much enjoyed it but the long wait time will make me think twice about enjoying it again.
