4	I'll be honest at first I was a skeptic of IF, in part because I showed up late to class felt rushed and it took a couple classes to break me into the instruction routine. I bought a groupon for 10 classes here, their main squeeze is Crossfit but I wanted kettbell cardio and I got it. Ok I know the Cross fit folks can be a little intimidating if you are not a gym dweller. All ripped muscles and grunts and glistening biceps, all that raw power wrapped into one body........ Ok I am getting off track here they can be intimidating or really nice to look at or both. This is a small gym when you enter you will see some Crossfit folk, I get the feeling the kettlebell folk are the underdogs if you will, but sometimes you will end up with a crossfitter in your class. The classes honestly didn't teach me any new kettlebell moves, if you workout at home and have done them before. You likely won't learn any new moves you cannot find on youtube, but I liked that they mixed it up with rowing, and other strength training moves. I wish some of the instructors would throw in a few more kettlebell exercises per rotation, but overall it was decent. Some of the instructors really take time to break down proper form and movement to you, others just throw you in to learn and correct you as you go. Also some classes are 45 min others 1 hour. I would suggest starting with  one  45min class, unless you've been hitting the weights and cardio you will be tired! However just as a personal preference I liked the instructor who teaches the sat am class the best, He also used tabatas which I am a fan of. There are varying levels of weights you can use to build yourself up if you have not lifted in a while, the instructors will show you how to make certain moves more doable so that you do not hurt yourself which helps. I Iike that these guys are local and doing their thing, it beats taking classes at a corporate gym where I have to pay an exorbitant montly membership. But it is not cheap either I think it runs around 125$ for 10 classes kettlebell and cross fit may be priced differently. You can check on their website http://if-fit.com. Good way to deal with the winter blues, and add creativity to your workouts.
4	From their website it does not look like they offer cardio kettlebell classes anymore, mostly just Crossfit, lifting, and another form of kettle bell, just an information update.
5	What I liked most about my first experience in their gym was how welcoming of an atmosphere they created. A lot of people are scared off by CrossFit and think that it's only top athletes training in the facilities. I've been to some other CrossFit gyms like that and it was very discouraging when you are holding up the entire class.Integrated Fitness had friendly coaches teaching me what to do and set me up in a routine that did not hold anyone else back. Even though everyone else finished before me, they all gathered around and cheered me on until I also finished.I've sent a lot of people to their gyms and will continue to do so!
5	I was in town for work and dropped in for a WOD.  Their schedule is great in the morning as they had classes every half hour.  The facility was clean and put together well and all barbells were in great shape.  The coaches and class were very welcoming to me, freely introducing themselves.  Bring a credit card because they do not like to take cash!  This is the new box I will always drop in when I visit Pittsburgh.
