4	This is the Wells Fargo branch I usually visit.  It's conveniently located across the street from Costco so I can get gas a cash in a one, two swipe.The only problem I sometimes have here is the wait in line if I have to do more than ATM transactions.  It can be slow.Good service and knowledgeable staff if you need to see one of the bank representatives in the offices there.
4	I've never had a bad experience at a Wells Fargo branch.  This location is no exception.  The cashier I was dealing with was fast, efficient, and friendly.  She even suggested a few of their financial products that I might be interested in......I passed, but it was the thought that counts.Although I'm in the area often, I didn't notice this location until recently.  Since I'm in the area 4-5x a week, I'm sure this will be a regular spot for me.Overall, a solid visit to the bank.  Return Factor - 80%.
5	Because I recently moved to Vegas from Hawaii, I was looking for a bank that I can do business with here locally. I found that Wells Fargo Bank seemed to be best for me and my needs. The person there at this location, whom I was referred to, was very helpful and patient with the many questions that I had. His name is Joseph Giustino. It seems as if now a days banks are in love with charging their customers FEES, FEES, FEES! With the account that I had opened, there are NO monthly maintenance fees. This is very refreshing, being that the FCU that I have back in Honolulu has none, as well. On the other hand, another bank that I had visited here in Vegas, wanted to charge a monthly fee of $12! What in the world?!Thank you, Wells Fargo!
4	For both personal and business banking, this is a great and fast branch.  Easy and plenty of of parking, fast and efficent drive-up banking (with 4 lanes), and for business - several pleasant and knowledgable business bankers (shout out to Marylou Guinoo).In addition, they have a couple of Notaries who do not charge any fees to Wells Fargo customers...what?  That's pretty terrific!
1	Wells Fargo is truly an evil bank!  They bought Wachovia that was a great bank and ruined it.  They have been charging me $10 per month fees for a savings account I told them to close many months ago while paying zero interest!  Wells Fargo is a bunch of criminals and should be put in jail for theft!  They have the worst customer service!  JP Morgan Chase is 100X superior and I highly recommend you avoid Wells Fargo at all costs!Wayne Gorsek
1	What a completely negative company!! I think robots run this banking system. (Not the specific branches, but the bank as a whole...).I opened a new business account (I recently moved to Las Vegas) and was told that problems might arise in the first 3 months but I was not to worry about fees, ect., because these are to be expected.First of all, I had a check get lost in the mail so I cancelled it. 3 weeks later it shows up to the branch and it gets bounced back... as it should have. Then I deposited a check at the branch and the next week cancelled that bank account (this was my fault... I jumped the gun - not even realizing the check was still out there...I went to use my Wells Fargo card and it got declined. I called customer service (misinformation and no real help) and then I went into the branch and was told that they had cancelled all of my cards and closed my accounts."Loss Prevention" said that I could not get my money out of my account for 2 weeks. When I called Loss Prevention I was greeted with a robot voiced woman that answered with "Nope" and "Yep"... I asked if there was anything I could do to straighten this out and her answer was "nope". I asked if I could speak to a supervisor and she said I could but it wouldn't make any difference... I asked if I could get access to the $20K in my account and she said "Nope. Not for 10 business days". (Keep in mind I never overdrew my account).Human Error on my part (and the USPS) - Yes.... Human interaction from Wells Fargo - No!
4	The customer service is wonderful at this bank! The person who signed me up ( Kevin?) was so friendly and accommodating, and not in that forced way, genuinely nice! The tellers I've dealt with have all been so helpful. This is the best bank I've ever worked with.
1	Wells Fargo never owns there errors. Called Twice to order debit card. Not once was it ordered. Horrible Customer Service at the call centers rushed off the phone and quickly hung up on after they said they would send it. 3 weeks later still no card. asked them to rush it due to me being inconvenienced by them they just told me to go to the branch. Spoke to supervisor Told me the same thing. so now its going to over 30 days with out a card. and i work during there business hours. WELLS FARGO YOU SUCK!   Sucks Im not rich. poor people never get the breaks.
3	This trip was deceptive.  The parking lot was packed and this particular branch can have quite a line... and I walked in and no one was in line and there was no waiting! I had to chuckle at myself for immediately feeling cranky because of a potential line only to walk in and find quite the opposite.
2	Was there to cash a check... only one in line.. the teller in front of me had finished helping a female customer but still continued the chit chat, even though the customer was behaving like she wanted to leave but didn't want to be rude. Finally, the teller "called me over" with a "chin sign". And here she was chewing gum with open mouth and talking to me at the same time. Are these people actually trained.... because chewing gum while talking to someone is gross and rude, especially in customer service.... where do they find those primitives?
1	RUN - don't walk to another Wells Fargo Branch. I've banked with them for at least 20 years - this is by far the worst in management, customer service, ease of service, etc. I prefer the one further up w. Charleston or Lake Mead - won't stick my head in here, Ack!
