5	I used to go to Peter B.s which I was very happy with as far as work and prices went but it is so busy you usually are looking at a 2 week wait for them to be able to look at your car. As a single car household we can't wait 2 weeks. So I tried Fairfield Automotive and have been there twice. The first time my new belts just needed to be adjusted and he charged me $20 (!!!). This last time was more complicated with an eroded exhaust pipe but a fair price and super friendly and knowledgeable service. I strongly recommend them.
4	When I lived in Urbana I used to take my Subaru here for repairs because my housemate recommended him.  Tom does great work and he knows his stuff.  He's honest, takes the time to explain your options, and he doesn't do work when you don't need it.  He also doesn't charge for minor stuff.  One time, I took my car in because I was hearing this loud rattling sound.  It turns out that squirrels had stored nuts in my tires! He didn't charge me at all. He's also stayed late a couple of times to hand me my keys when I couldn't get back to the shop before it closed.I went to him because I was having problems with my brakes so I don't know how he is with other work, but I was happy with his work. (Brakes, heating/air flow problem). Also, shop puppy!Edited to add: The Orange bus stops right outside(unless they've changed the routes) and the Urbana terminal is only 3 blocks away.
5	Brought my Saturn to Fairfield Automotive and I couldn't be happier. The fuel pump had a component that was cracked and they were able to repair it, rather than my purchasing the entire unit, which saved me the equivalent of my mortgage this month.I will definitely return and would recommend their service. Very personable and friendly staff, and an overall great experience.
5	Just an update. I'm still going there 4 years later and am just as happy. He tries to fix instead of replace and doesn't invent problems. He listens carefully and explains what he did without you having to have gone to automotive school to understand what he is talking about. Personable, competent and fair. The trifecta!
