4	This weekend, I was set out to hike Sloan Canyon from Anthem Hills Park to the north side of Black Mountain. When I met up with the Anthem Hills traihead, I set out on a different adventure: Anthem East Trail. Anthem East Trail is a seven mile half loop trail east of Anthem. It starts out as a paved, sinuous trail for approximately 3/4 mile in Anthem Hills Park. When the trail travels through Sloan Canyon National Conservation Area the trail's characteristics drastically change into a difficult to very difficult gravelly and rocky surface. The trail signs even state that it is very difficult. From my experience, it could be dangerous. One rocky stretch nearly took out my left leg and smart phone.   Anthem East trail is a great work out. I like to think I am in good shape. But the exhausting uphill climb between mile marker two and three gave me a beating. By the time I was recovering, the exhausting climb approaching mile marker 5 gave me another beating. I have never had a greater appreciation for water before in my life. So, I suggest bringing plenty of water. And hiking shoes. Exhausted, I stopped at mile marker five, and made my way back to Anthem Hills Park.  The beating that the uphill climbs gave my stamina was worth it. It was exercise- 11 miles round trip that burned 1,100 calories. The views of the Strip, Las Vegas Valley, and McCullough Mountain Range that I saw are magnificent. I was impressed by the nature that I saw. I saw lizards, squirrels, birds-including a couple that look like turkeys (need a Field Guide), and bunny rabbits. For most of the trail, I was the lone hiker.  I recommend the Anthem East Trail to hikers prepared for a difficult hike. Please bring the following: sufficient water, sun screen, a cap, good sneakers, and a fully charged phone. Happy and careful hiking.
3	I have used this trail twice as the gateway for hiking.  I have hiked to the peak of Black Mountain and today I used the trail as my gateway to hike to Park's Peak, a shorter and less rigorous hike than the Black Mountain one.The parking area could have been larger and I'm not sure if street parking is allowed.  I was second in the lot this morning, so parking was not an issue and I saw several cars parked on the street.  I looked for signs as I was leaving the area, but I saw none that were about parking.I probably would rate this trail with more than 3 stars if I used more of it than just the short distance until you get to the Sloan Canyon NCA.  Maybe I need to do more exploring in that area.
4	Super easy trails and a great way to work off some Mole Fries from Taco Y Taco. If you're thinking about hiking as an outdoors hobby or form of exercise, this is a great place to start. Anthem East Trails has very manageable inclines that you can bike, walk, or even use for horseback riding. Which I thought this was pretty unsual considering this hiking spot is in the suburbs.PRO TIP: Bring water and lookout for Rattle Snakes. I noticed multiple signs warning hikers of these scaly and deadly noise makers.
