3	Pretty authentic chicago style dogs and steak sandwitches.  Good stuff.
4	The Gyros are really good. You can get a lunch special for $7.99. This includes a gyro (they have plenty of meat,  Feta Cheese and a  container of Tzaziki sauce), fries, and a soft drink. I saw a pizza coming out of the oven, and it looked delicious, so I have decided to try this next time I'm in the area.
3	This place is a couple minutes from work, but I don't come here often. I do like their Gyro, fries, and drink combo. It's a good price and the gyro is definitely tasty. It's just not high on my lunch list for some reason.I'm having trouble thinking of what more to write about this place. If you like a good gyro, Bono's is definitely worth a try if you're in the area.
5	came here for lunch while in vegas to do work at a client's office. looked through yelp and found this place, which is just across the street. got the gyro special + chili cheese fries, which, by the way, they had no idea what they were. I actually had to explain what chili cheese fries were to a place that sells chili, and fries, but not together. it was weird. and the cashier/owner (?) gave me a wtf look (o.O). however, the gyro was great, and the tzatziki was probably the best i've ever had. the gyro meat wasn't gamey either. and despite the unfamiliarity with CCF, they did them well! cheese was sorta crunchy at parts (cause they use shredded, not velveeta! :D) and the chili and fries were both decent. lunch (which also included a soda came under 11 bucks. obviously not a destination eatery, but i think i'll come back if it's still around next year!
4	Needed somewhere near the office and happened to find Bonos via Google Maps. As soon as I saw the menu I knew I had to try it out. Called in an order for a Rueben and it was ready by the time I got there (maybe 10 minutes, if not less). It came untoasted (which was specified in the menu, toasting and extras have to be requested) but it was delicious. They also threw in some "Atomic" horseradish which was a little tamer than they had warned, but not for the faint of heart.I will *ABSOLUTELY* be coming back here. The first meal was great and the prices are amazing. $5 for a 10" pizza too? (At the time of this writing) and they've got some great specials if you ask/are inside.
4	Great pizza!  They have daily specials but not when you have a groupon. The gyro on fresh pita bread was very good, too.
5	So let's discuss Bono's. This is a small, family-owned pizzeria. It's got an average sized menu of all of the normal pizzeria fare, plus some greek options like gyros. They seem to have lots of options for cutting your bill down like daily specials, coupons, and Groupon-Now. They've got a TV on in the dining area, it's clean. Not a whole lot really stands this place out from the rest when you look at the basic facts, but one thing will bring me back in the future: their service. I purchased a Groupon-Now deal on my smart phone and drove to the location specified. I nearly passed it because it's tucked away behind a gas station. I walked in and was instantly greeted. I like that, by the way. There was a young gentleman and an older one behind the counter and both were extremely polite. I settled on a gyro and a vegetarian pizza. Prices were really reasonable, I'd be back for daily specials etc. in the future. After ordering I was asked if I wanted the gyro to come out at the same time as the pizza, or if I wanted to eat while the pizza was being cooked (they knew the pizza was mainly for my coworkers and the gyro was for me). How curteous! I agreed on eating the gyro while waiting for the pizza. It was brought out to me in a basket, a filling portion with yummy seasoned fries. The dressing for the gyro came on the side, which I thought was nice, and it was one of the better gyros I've had. He cautioned that everything was hot and asked if he could get me a water to go with my meal (I didn't order a drink). Again, how nice!It was a quiet atmosphere when I was eating - they were slow for a Sunday night so I didn't get to see them interact with anyone else. I watched TV and just as soon as I was finished I saw the younger gentleman box up my pizza. He was going to bring this out to me too, but I beat him too the punch. He smiled warmly and thanked me again for my business. You could really sense their eagerness to do anything to make me happy. How refreshing.I had such a pleasant dinner here between working, it made the rest of my night go smoother. The gyro was really good, and my coworkers all were enthusiastic about the taste of the pizza (I tried it later - after it'd cooled and it still had good flavor - much better crust than I'd thought possible!). All said and done I think I'll be coming back here - if only to have the same quality service.
5	New owner has brought back the great ingredients that are very much missed at other places that serve similar food. A great menu with great prices. Hot Dogs, Beef, Fries etc. are some of the best I've ever had!
5	Finally tried this place, after going to Chicago Tasty Dogs a few times, the one in Henderson by Target. Got tired of high prices and a dirty dining room, so thought I'd try Bono's on a friend's recommendation. Very good. The dogs are all Vienna. As an old guy told me, maybe the owner, everything on the dog was imported from Chicago, except the tomatoes, onions and mustard, which was French's. Prepared Chicago style: mustard, onions, relish, pickle spear, tomatoes, sport peppers and celery salt, all on a Vienna poppy seed bun. A dog and fries, just 3.99. I'll be back. ,
3	So I'm guessing this place is owned by some Chicago natives given the decor and menu.  I had high hopes but wasn't really impressed by the time it was all over.  There is an incomplete, unpriced menu board posted which really isn't helpful at all.  You have to wait till you get to the counter before you see the paper menu (grab one while you're waiting) and the combo specials.I went at lunch cause my phone directed me here when I was looking for Italian.  I guess technically it qualifies as Italian but its more of a hodge-podge.  You can get burgers, gyros, hot dogs etc.  The menu is diverse but I didn't really appreciate that - it usually means that nothing in particular is good; its all average, edible stuff.  And indeed, that seems to be the case.  I will say that the hot dogs/polish sausage that other people ordered looked good (and I don't care for dogs or anything of that nature).  I ended up ordering a burger which I really didn't want but since the menu wasn't as italian as I expected it to be this is what I was left with.The service was slow - the cashier was very nice but I'm guessing she was new because she took quite a while to get simple orders taken.  The 2 guys (I'm guessing father and son) were in no hurry to do anything even though it was noon and everyone in there was obviously on lunch from nearby office buildings.The dining room is very casual but big enough to seat quite a few different parties.I doubt I'll go back here but if you're a hot dog/sausage fan you might want to try this place.
3	Visited this establishment on a Monday night. Business was slow for dine in but a couple in their later 50s and a twenty something younger new hire male worked feverishly on take out orders. Restaurant was clean, I ordered the 8" Beef Sandwich. Meat was precooked and reheated and placed on a toasted french bread roll with green peppers and served with piping hot Au Jus sauce. Had it not been served with the au jus, meat would have been very dry and lacked flavor. Portion was huge but I was not so happy that the meat  and peppers had not been cooked fresh on a grill. Not sure if I will return...maybe for a Chicago dog or pizza if it gets good reviews.
2	Just moving here from Chicago 6 months ago I must say I was excited to here there was a Chicago style food place a few blocks away.Than I ate there.Not exactly authentic. The beef was just ok. The hot dogs are vienna, but they break a cardinal rule. They drench the bun with toppings....soggy and gross.The Pizza Puffs are just like home. The gyros we're frozen pieces that we're put on a flat top, not like home at all. Fries are ok. Never had the pizza.
2	Not what they used to be. A few years back they had a great Italian beef sandwich, been there recently and the beef tasted old. Maybe it was an off day for them, but I don't thin I will be going back.
4	Had a decent Gyro and fries there. Fast and friendly service.  Good flavored Gyro and seasoned fries.
3	This business has been closed and out of business since October
1	Sadly, Bono's has ceased operations at this location.  I miss them.
1	Came in with the Kurt.  We were craving delicious Italian Beef Sandwiches.  What we got was a disappointment.  I would highly recommend avoiding this spot.  $30 for microwaved everything.  GROSS!! How are you going to charge me that kind of cash and then proceed to microwave everything right in front of me.  What a waste.
