4	I went here and my review will be simple because my visit was simple.I went in, signed in, signed out other forms, paid, waited 5 minutes in the lobby, was seen by the nurse to get my vitals, 5 minutes later I was in another room and waited 3 minutes for doctor, doctor saw me and in 5 minutes I was walking out of there with a diagnosis with a prescription.My diagnosis was easy. Sinus infection. Even I knew this. But, the trip was enjoyable and easy.I went on a Wednesday at around 3:30pm.
1	Receptionist was fine...Nurse was fine...Doctor was a joke.  All we were looking for was advice and she dismissively treated us like narcotic pain medication seekers.  Rude and uninformative!
5	Best Urgent Care around.  I am always in and out quickly with great service.  I don't let my family go anywhere else!  The staff is amazing, perfect combo of kind and efficient.  CVS is next door as well if you need to pick up a prescription as well.
1	I will never go back. First and only patient there on a Sunday morning for a sore throat with ear pain. Saw PA or NP, who kept looking at the marks on my head from my sunglasses and saying she did not doubt my pain. No offer of any step tests, and at end of visit asked if my throat hurt too. Thanks for listening and or reading all the notes the MA took!
1	Wow, the staff here is incredibly rude, we arrived and the receptionist was very unfriendly, then the girl that took us back started asking my daughter questions without introducing herself, I had to ask her if she was the doctor.  My daugter was then seen and her father was meeting us there (he was at work, but coming late), but  they would not allow him in the room "because the Dr. was uncomfortable" having more than one person back there...REALLY???  Then they changed their story saying that we were almost done and so they would not let him come back to the room.  He should have been allowed back so that he could hear the doctor's final commments.  AVOID THIS PLACE at all costs.  I would have rather sat in an ER for 2 hours.  At least they are nice and allow fathers to hear their children's diagnosis.
5	I went and checked in a couple weeks ago at Desert valley, they were wonderful!!! Everyone in the office is so friendly and caring. I could tell that they really cared about getting me better and went above and beyond to make sure that happened. I got some lab work sent out and they called me right away to let me know the results. I will continue to use them whenever needed!! thanks so much!
1	***I WILL NEVER TAKE MY CHILD HERE AGAIN***I just left this office and had the worst experience with Dr. Paula J Silides, the owner.  Without consent she forcefully held down my child for a strep culture and it took me asking twice and a few continuing attempts to get her to stop.  She was very aggressive, visibly angry and attempted to berate my child and us about her inability to do her job.  I will be keeping my child away from her and this place.
1	Really brief we have used this urgent care twice because it is convenient to our house but we will not go back.  My 35 year old husband went here for prolonged fever over 102 degreesfor six days he was sent home with ATB for sinus infection.  He developed severe abdominal pain after day one and by day 7 was still very sick.  Since we could not get in to see PCP for another week we had to go back there today.  My husband went alone until I could drop off our son and catch up with him before/while he met with the provider.  When I arrived I was told by the front office staff he was meeting with the "Dr." (who was actually a PA) and they would not interrupt him.  I explained that I drove there just to be in on the office visit -- I was told someone would come and get me shortly.  About 7 minutes after arriving my husband walked out and said he was told to "let it run its course."  I called the office to speak to the office manager regarding the lack of integrating family (myself) into the office visit and was told she would call me back.  I called again 4 hours later and spoke with the office staff explaining I wanted to complain about my experience of being excluded from being a part of my husbands office visit and she said "she is very busy I don't know if she can call you back."  I am writing this review because most people will not patronize a business when they know the business philosophy reflects disdain for the customers experience.  This urgent care is privately owned by two physicians (per the office staff) -- apparently they don't value the experience of their patients and their families.
5	After reading the other reviews I felt I needed and I wanted to give my experiences here.  I've been using this urgent care for a few years now.  I've been completely satisfied with the care they have given and the time it takes to get seen, diagnosed and then treated. Typically I will go in when I get sick with strep throat, asthma or a simple cold.  Today I took my 3 year old daughter in who split her chin.  Dr Paula was so kind and gentle with my daughter in cleaning the wound and then glueing her split chin back together.  My daughter was so comfortable with Dr Paula that there was no issue or crying and we were able to get things done and go on with our day.  As we left my wife and I were discussing how much we appreciated Dr Paula and the care she gave our daughter and that we both enjoyed her care in the past.  I have used this urgent care many times in the past and will continue to use it moving forward as my 1st choice in urgent care!
5	I agree with Dan.  I have been using this urgent care for years.  The staff is friendly, its location is convenient and its quick. I usually don't wait for more than 10-15 minutes from check in to seeing the doctor.  I was just there Tuesday September 23 and my daughter also had a split chin.  It was a very positive experience for my 5 year old and wasn't traumatic at all.  We were in and out and everything was back to normal in about 30 minutes. I highly recommend this urgent care and would disregard some of the comments and ratings below.
