3	Bilboquet is quite a trek from downtown Montreal at 9pm on a Sunday night and you're taking public transport... nestled along a tree-lined street in a very residential neighborhood, it came highly recommended by co-diner at Le Petit Moulinsart.It is one of those utterly charming stores--painted in a vibrant but soothing colours of white and aqua, high-ceilinged, decorated with all sorts of charming tsotskes and illustrations, full of that wonderful smell of sweet and cooking waffle.Unfortunately, their ice cream is not great -- the pistachio I chose tasted a bit too artificial; the boy's chocolate and coffee only somewhat better.San Francisco's Bi-Rite & Humphry Slocombe have ruined us.
5	There is no sorbet like Bilboquet. After trying the many gelatos, froyos and ice-cream parlors around Long Island and NYC, coming to this quaint neighborhood (Outremont) glacier in Montreal was a wonderful experience. The queue was long, but not stressed. Just happy families on a relaxing Sunday afternoon.We had the Trichamp (3-berries) and Passion fruit sorbets which were both incomparable!
4	What can i say... it's just sorbet right?not quite.Bilboquet is just different compared to all the other sorbet's i've tried.The flavors are quite refined and the texture is soft and silky, I'd even say creamy, for a lack of a better word.The lychee flavor does taste a bit icy, but all the other flavors are silky. My favorite is pear, sweet, fragrant, just a hint of tang. It's like eating the perfect pear everytime.Coconut is the creamiest of the flavors, it's very nice although it could get quite rich if you eat more than one scoop. But it is very intense coconut flavor it's a nice hit if you like coconut.Mango is also a nice flavor, sweet with a mild touch of tanginess, and again smooth and silky.Mango, pear and coconut are my favorites, haven't gotten around to trying the other flavors... yet.It's one of my favorite things to do in mtl, on a summer night, it's around 11:30PM and you want to go out for a stroll... just line up and get a scoop it just hits the spot... you know what I'm talking about...
4	Great little shop in a cute neighborhood north of downtown- long list of sorbet flavors, some of which I did not recognize (What's "lulo"?  Apparently, it's a South American fruit, like a kiwi in flavor).  I had the pear sorbet- smooth, sweet and fragrant!  You go in, line up, pay for the size you would like (and if you want a cone or dish), and move on down the line to choose your flavor.  If there wasn't such a long line, I would have asked for more tasting samples, but I wasn't willing to risk the glare of those waiting for their sorbets.  So far, this is my second sorbet shop visit in 2 days...Montreal- you do sorbet well :)
3	Your basic ice cream parlor, nothing extraordinary, and we even went out of the way to go here. We had the mint chocolate chip and chocolate ice cream.  We've had better...
2	The atmosphere and location are great, but the ice cream itself is really nothing special. I've had better... from the gorcery store...
5	I agree witih Emeline V. who reviewed before me.  I am also surprised this place isn't rated higher.  My sister feels the same way.  She's a Montreal native in that my sister first moved there from Vancouver in 1995.  My sister has also LOVED ice cream since she was about 5.  It only makes sense then that she LOVES Bilobquet.Me and ice cream - it's complicated.  I'm very, very particular.  Well, I'm particular in general.  I don't really like ice cream but I will enjoy certain flavours from certain places.  For Bilboquet I make exceptions. Their maple ice cream is heavenly. The flavours change at the chef's direction and are made with rich, sweet, fresh and seasonal ingredients. Should they have the maple, get it. Get yours while it's still hot outside...
5	Who doesn't love ice cream? Their sorbets are my favourite, namely framboise (raspberry)! All of their flavours are succulent, rich, mouth-watering, satisfying, and homemade. The service is great, friendly, and welcoming. When you walk in, you get an old school feel of Montreal, it doesn't come off generic at all. I went on an especially warm-almost-summer day after venturing along Bernard street, and it hit the spot. PS. They even have sorbet/ice cream macarons and cakes, HOW COOL IS THAT!!
5	Bilboquet one of the top 5 things about summer here in Montreal. Their sorbets are out of this world, their sugar cones are total yum and their service is top notch. I never eat at the very few tables they have, as I prefer to walk to one of the local parks and sit under a big leafy tree while I inhale my ice cream (vanille framboise, YAY!) Everything is creamy, tasty and the shop itself is oh so cute.
4	Best sorbet and ice cream in town!!!
5	Best ice cream in all of Canada! I always get the mini cause it is small but just perfect. Love the vanilla-rasberry cake and ice cream! So good!
5	Definitely a Montreal destination but the line moves fast so don't worry if you see it stretching out the door! The ice cream is absolutely luscious. There are no crazy flavours, just honest simplicity and down home deliciousness. A summer tradition for me!
4	Seulement 4 etoiles a cause du prix! Si non c'est succulent, les cremes glaces comme les sorbets! Meilleur sorbet a la framboise au monde et choco-orange est tres reussis. Dans le style plus caramel le brouhaha est imbatable. L'ete il y a souvent une file d'attente mais ca passe tres vite, pas lieu de s'inquieter.
4	this place confused the hell out of me despite having very good ice cream and sorbet. why the confusion? you have to pay first and then, choose whatever flavor you want. how is one supposed to know that?!?anyway, very good offering and some of the tastiest flavors. i personally enjoyed their lemonade float. yes, a lemonade float! probably the best deal out there as you can have 2 different scoops (or is it 3?) in your lemonade. litchi is pretty good as well as their vanilla raspberry one. combined together with the lemonade and you're in for an awesome treat.price wise, they are the priciest in town, minus the italian places.they only take cash but there's an atm machine inside. plenty of seating as well as a terrace to relax and enjoy.
5	My very pregnant best friend, whom I'm visiting here in Montreal, is having a bit of an ice-cream phase. She asked that we pay a visit to her favorite ice-cream place, and I can see why she loves it. The staff are super friendly and helpful. But most importantly, their ice cream and sorbets taste amazing - especially the mango sorbet, and the red velvet ice cream (ice cream meets cream cheese frosting with just a hint of lemon, and chunks of red velvet cake). Outstanding!
