1	The worst service ever. Ron is dishonest, rude and condescending. Did not honor his 1 year guarantee after the used pump he sold me leaked only after several weeks of running it. There are many honest and hard-working contractors to choose from. RON IS NOT ONE OF THEM! DO NOT USE!
5	Great Service!Ron and Wade did my pool in 2002 and it's still running strong. Any time I have maintenance issues, I call them and they're quick to respond. They're extremely honest telling me when parts are under warranty and giving me the contact information. as opposed to getting the part and charging me to install it.In 2010 I had them do a pool check-up on everything. There were some minor things that were needed to keep my pool at 100% which I thought was great.I appreciate their honesty and hard work.Thanks Guys!
5	Great company. Very professional. Wonderful designs and pool plans.Was very helpful with the special needs we had to accommodate my husbands special needs. Came up with a design and plan which looks great with landscaping and makes our whole backyard a serene place to spend time with our family. They paid attention to all the small details that make the final product a pleasure to use. You will appreciate the quality of the workmanship. After hearing some nightmare stories from our neighbors dealings with their contractors we wee thrilled we had none of their issues with Artisitc Pools.        Prices are very competitive. Ask all the questions you want Ron and Wade will have the answers.Maureen S.
5	I started off with eleven pool contractors but quickly narrowed it down to two.  We decided on Artistic Pools .  Wade kept in contact with us through every step of the construction. We received a fair price, quality equipment and good customer service and it was completed when he said it would be.  Training and follow-up was important because we had not owned a pool before.  A couple of small changes were made along the way so Wade had formal change orders so at the end their would no misunderstandings. Plus he's a nice guy.
5	Wade and Ron are true professionals. My pool was built on time and exactly how we planned. Great family run business!!
