4	This company has their own line of Cigars.  Picked a few stick up on my way in for big smoke.   Cigars were nice.  The guy helping us not so much.  He was clueless about their youtube video and had no clue what a Boveda was?  For real?  You want out of town business, the fill in employees need more traning.
4	Leaving Sunset Park we noticed a cigar company and figured what the hell and went in. I was surprised to find it wasn't a tobacco shop, but a handmade cigar line of cigars. I know, I know the name implies it, but I've seen some general shops go by "company" even when they don't make anything. We were greeted by the owner of the store who explained who they are and what they do. They do not carry any other cigars, just theirs. He apparently used to be on the strip, but has since scaled down and has been in this location for a long time. With over 25 years of business this is a cool support-your-locals stop, a solid Vegas institution of unique smokes. You can smoke there, there are various seats and billiards even. They have their standard medium bodied, a full bodied maduro, something labeled cubadom, their premium Don Bernardo line and flavor laced cigars. Each category had various sizes. We went with their medium bodied in a Montefino size. You can check out on their website what they sell and can order online as well. Reasonably priced, it was about $11 for both our cigars. He was very friendly and personable the whole time so the service was good. My only irk is man when people assume I don't smoke and when I say I do usually point me to a flavor because I'm a lady. I get it, I'm not the typical client, but there is a 60 year old refined man inside me that smokes cigars and drinks scotch in a 24 year old lady body. While we can smoke there, I decided to take it home where it can be enjoyed with scotch in my panties out on my porch at 3am (until nightbees made me run the hell inside). The cigar was a bit spicy for my personal taste, but very nice roll on these as the draw was easy and wonderful. While skinny ones tend to be easier to draw, some still don't hit to this easy level. It was quality indeed. If you're looking for a unique Vegas gift for a smoker or want something different for your everyday smoke, look no further.
5	Great place!  They have their own line of cigars that are made in the Dominican Republic, several blends and multiple sizes, they have some flavored and sweetened cigars as well. The people there are always friendly as easy going.  They have a pool table and shuffleboard in addition to several seats to sit down and enjoy your cigars.
5	This place is the greatest. So old-school without TRYING to be any particular way. The regulars work on their laptops or play poker or billiards while smoking some delicious cigars. In fact, about those cigars -- they are all made from a proprietary blend and process developed by the owner and they taste AMAZING. Phil gave me a tour and sold me a cigar for SIX BUCKS that beat the heck out of cigars costing twice as much for a smooth draw and great mild taste.I HIGHLY recommend Las Vegas Cigar Company to anyone wanting a cool cigar experience with a complete lack of hipster fakeness.
