5	We were AMAZED what a hidden gem this place is! We decided to go horseback riding for our 1 year anniversary and had no experience riding so googled a few spots! Looking for a deal we found it listed on deal chicken and decided to take our chances. It was WONDERFUL from the staff, to the horses to the trail! We went on  Tuesday evening and we were delighted we had a guide, Gary, all to ourselves! We took a 2 hour ride up the mountain to the most beautiful scenery! He explained a lot of the history of the ranch, the state and told jokes along the way! When we got to the top he took photos of us with our camera with the beautiful mountain and sunset in the background! If you have visitors from out of town or just feel like a fun day getaway I strongly suggest checking out this place! Affordable and worth the drive! :)
5	This place is a little piece of heaven! I went on a two hour guided horseback ride with Gary and it was delightful. I have some experience riding so I was comfortable on good ole Mouse, my horse, but my friend was a beginner and was quite nervous. Gary took the time to talk us through everything and eased my friends nerves via some great jokes and sass. The scenery was simply breathtaking in itself. I highly recommend this place!
1	I'll precede this review by first saying that my experiences with D-Spur Ranch are 2 telephone calls. Great first impression (2+ yrs ago) ~ definite very bad rotten egg lasting impression today.So a couple years ago we were looking for a place to go for a nice trail ride with family who would be in town over the holidays. I was thrilled to find D-Spur Ranch because it's in an area we truly love to go to ~ it's nearby for a drive, hiking, a picnic or the like. Unfortunately they don't schedule any rides during the holidays (last week of November / last week of December til after New Years). It was a disappointment, but didn't deter me from wanting to go one day for a trail ride. Along comes the Amazon Local deal for their 2 hour ride. I was excited and eager to go! What was so luring about D-Spur Ranch? The variety of rides available for any level of experience, or non-experienced rider... but what truly lured me in was the Memorial for Don Donnelly. How could D-Spur Ranch and the people running it, continuing his legacy, be anything other than as warm and friendly as this genuine, gentle-man, gentleman cowboy? So today I made the call to find out about scheduling our ride ~ feeling very excited to soon be "back in the saddle again" ~ my excitement however, was quickly and immediately replaced with shock and disbelief (to the point of extreme remorse for having purchased these vouchers to begin with). Several rings passed with no answer. I was about to hang up thinking ok, maybe no one is available to answer the phone in the middle of the afternoon, but not even a voice mail available? As I was about to hang up, it was answered by a woman who sounded totally "put out" because she had to answer the phone. I started to make my inquiries about scheduling / times / days of availability when I was unable to find anything on the website other than call for more info. "That's 'cuz it changes for daylight times so you have to call." Uh-huh... Umm... okay, so are there any set times or how does this work? (I should have just said thanks and hung up there.)Her tone was rude and irritated; her responses snapped out, sharp and short. Then there was the comment "...what did you get this from the Amazon deal?" ~ "Well, yes I did." I barely got to finish my reply when she continued on with  "All the information and days when we're closed is on your receipt." By this time I'm in somewhat of a state of shock by her attitude and deeply regretting not only purchasing these now USELESS vouchers, but also picking up the phone to even call about scheduling the ride. Not to mention that I was looking directly at my voucher which has no specific information for closed dates other than the last weeks of November and December and a telephone number to call for more information. So I closed the call stating in a calm, clear, and matter-of-fact manner that she sounded quite put out by my call and questions, thanked her and hung up. She was responding while I was talking (again, very rude!) though I have no idea what she said nor at this point do I want to know.I sit now debating whether I should request a refund from Amazon Local for the vouchers I've purchased or just let them waste away and not even bother.
5	Beautiful ride if you take the two hour ride. We do this at least twice a year and always calm, peaceful ride!  Today the rear guide loved to talk too much and yelled at the horses the entire ride. Annoying but still a beautiful ride.
