4	I think in a search for good pizza in this city, an wood oven is a definite plus.  I liked the pizza here -- it isn't for people who love a thick crust or lots and lots of cheese, instead, it relies more on quality of a few ingredients, something I really like.  The tiramisu was great, and the service was friendly.  I would definitely go back here again.
4	This one of the best place for real Napolitana pizza in Montreal. This is thin crust pizza with fresh ingredients and a tasty tomato sauce. Service is friendly.If you can't go to Italy for a taste of the real thing this is really close.
4	Stopped over here as walked past from the famous smoked meats place just up the road. The pizza tastes wonderful - thin crisp base and fresh tasty toppings. The stone baked oven adds to the flavour as well and we were pleasantly surprised. Accepts credit cards a plus for us foreigners as well. Quite a nice little place - you can sit by the window to view the passers by on the street or opt for the inside with posters of films on the walls.
3	I had a really strange experience when I went to this restaurant. I'll start off by saying that the pizza was very good. I won't complain about the food, or the service, or the decor. I had the horrible luck of going on recycling night and sitting at the window. surrounding restaurants and businesses put out many large bags of recycling in front of Prato. I couldn't help but watch 3 people scavenge through bags for an hour. It was ridiculously mesmerizing and it totally ruined my night. If you go, don't sit by the window.
3	Great thin crust pizza in an area that's lacking.  I was a bit nervous going for pizza on St. Laurent, but this place did it right.  Nice, crispy, slightly charred crust with good toppings.  I had the neapolitana, which had sundried black olives, giant capers, anchovies and mozzarella.  Very nice.  Also, not too loud -- good for conversation.Docked it two stars. One because it's a bit overpriced, and the other because they lost/forgot our reservation.  We were still seated right away -- at 8 on a saturday, though.  Will definitely be going again.
4	Nothing says Montreal like Montreal brick-oven cooked pizzas, right?Okay, well maybe not, but this place was still great!It was a complete fluke...some may venture so far as to call it fate...we walked in here off the street, looking for some dinner and decided to give it a go. Perhaps it was angels??We ordered two pizzas and split them. One pizza = a good size meal for a person, so we were stuffed and happy at the end.Service was good and pizzas came out fast and fresh from the oven. Nice, crispy crusts and gooey centres. Yummy!The waiter accidentally dropped a fork on me when he was taking away our plates and apologized profusely. No biggie....particularly because he was so apologetic. (Let's face it, if someone makes a small mistake, but acts like "it ain't no thang" we get a little turned off). Problems: Well, it's a bit pricey and the tables were set really closely together. It did feel like we were eating dinner with some strangers a bit. But neither of those things would dissuade me from going back here in the future. Bellissimo....as they say in Montreal.
4	decisons decisionsu can't imagine how many times people ask me "what is the best pizza in Mtl"they are so many different types of dough, methods of cooking, then the place itself, the diversity of pizzas, etc  then there's Prato, i will NOT say it's the best pizza in Mtl, but for the price it's sure damn close!! (for higher end pizza go to Bottega or Vinizza, i did not try Magpie yet...)very family atmosphere, no fancy/pancy, just good ol' brick oven pizza with some eclectic choices! i love their white bacon and onions pizzai go there with the family and just have a good timehidden gem? go check it out
4	One of the best things about this place is that unlike that famous place in Little Italy, you don't have to wait in line outside to get great pizza. The pizza is ultra thin, the crust is perfectly crispy, the toppings taste like they were just picked from the garden, and the pizza comes to you within minutes from ordering it. What more could you ask for?The service is good, prices are reasonable and the pizza is fantastic. I've had the margherita and vegi pizzas but the others all looked great. I will definitely be back!
5	Wow, not only did we have fantastic pizza, and service, the pizza prices, I found were super reasonable! Prior to coming, I was told for years now that this is the only pizza place in Montreal that did pizza just like Naples. Now I've never been to Naples yet, but I can tell you it was indeed very good pizza, (I really enjoyed the pizza sauce) and I usually go with a Margherita pizza because I usually find that if a place can make a simple dish amazing then it's gotta be great. Coming with friends however also allowed me to try other variants.We had a really large group with us and they managed to get our food out efficiently and we also sat very comfortably. I definitely recommend giving this place a try, I'm sure you won't be disappointed!
5	Great Italian food, pizza is a wood fired oven and amazing pizza dough.  And dont forget the canoli!
4	Came here for dinner with some friends. We had 6 people and the waitress was very accommodating.Very, very tasty pizza. I had the Montreal, which was their pepperoni, mushroom, and pepper pizza. Not sure why it's called that, but it was awesome. Recommended.
3	Thin crust which I prefer, but it was very soggy from the sauce and the whole pizza overall was lacking flavor. The prices were also a bit much for the amount served. I got the margherita pizza. The ambiance is nice though! I also thought it was unique how they platter it on a cookie sheet!
