2	Do I really going to get an IPhone?? Or a Galaxy?? I really want to support a Canadian company as I love my old Blackberry... and I have quite a few BBM buddies...But I don't like the new phones that RIM has and the Apps that they support by their platform are always lacking and lame...I cannot access anything at all for over 24 hours... BBM down, Web Browsing down, Email down... I ended up calling my BBM buddy that I am going to be running late. In a way, maybe talking and having a conservation is more personal??
1	Cherylynn just reminded me that I needed to write this.I stuck with Crackberry for so long. Why? I don't know. I held on to BBM for the longest time because I was so fond of BBMing with my friends in London.I FINALLY FINALLY FINALLY got rid of my Crapberry during the last RIM outage. GOOD RIDDANCE.No more battery pulls.No more 15 minute restarts.I HAVE APPS I CAN ACTUALLY USE.I am tossing all old Blackberries onto the tracks of either Muni or BART, and I will film the entire scenario with my iPhone4s.
1	In November I bought a Blackberry Playbook  and was so happy that I could use it for work in conjunction with my blackberry! I used it for a couple weeks and was frustrated that I could not get it to bridge to my black berry. Then I was out of town and it was working fine and then in the middle of the day it just died. I figured I might have left it on and the battery died. Later when I got back to the hotel and tired to charge it, it would not charge. This went on for a few days, not understanding why I could not charge it. Frustrated that I spent weeks now moving all my data to the device and was out of town and kind of held hostage work wise, I then called the RIM customer service when I returned home. After explaining the issue, we determined the charger was faulty. The customer service rep instructed me to go to Future Shop/Best Buy and find a changer and see if the device takes the charge and if it does to call them back from the store and they would advise me what to do. I left my condo and did as requested. About and hour later I called them and they were puzzled as to why I was given such an instruction and apologized for the inconvenience, and advised me they would replace the charger and send it right away. They also advised me I could use my BlackBerry charger to at least change the device until the stronger charger arrives. That was 18 days ago and yesterday I finally received the replacement charger.  During this 18 days, I received 3 emails from RIM indicating that the charger is being shipped, then an email indicating the tracking number but provided no shipper info......the whole process was very unprofessional.Love the playbook, (which is now bridged to my blackberry), but do not feel the customer service for RIM is very responsive.
1	If I could give BlackBerry negative stars I would ! WHAT WERE YOU GUYS THINKING? When I first got my Pinkberry/crackberry I was elated. It worked so well especially because I'm a text-aholic but like any relationship all hell broke loose after the honeymoon phase. 1)Is it just me or do the updates make the phone worse? Not to mention when you update you can't use your phone.....wtf???2) Battery life...I have literally made deals with Jesus to not let my phone die after 3 hours because I have a conference call, e-mails to send OR (shocker) want to talk on my phone. 3) Apps....this is a joke. There are no apps for blackberry and if there are they work for an hour and then are never available again.4) Just a terrible phone....ughhhhhhhhhhhhh what was I thinking!I don't understand what happened...you guys were doing really well a few years ago. I can see why you don't want to share your source code...IT'S TERRIBLE. I would be embarrassed to trade it as well. Come this fall Blackberry we are over FOREVER! Oh an I have to run now because my battery died unexpectantly in the middle of the night. ARGHHHH!!!
5	The wait is over...  The new BB10 is here.  Hub keeps you in sync with all the latest messages in a single inbox whereever they may come from.  Flow allows you to move data from one application to another.  Peek allows you to look at another app while staying in the original app.  Balance allows you to keep your personal and enterprise information separate on your phone.  BlackBerry 10 is here now and I am so happy I got to play with the new phones, and hope to get one soon!
5	First off, RIM no longer exists. They are just Blackberry now(for who knows how long). Second, my Curve and Bold were older than my LG Droid, but were already better than that calculator masquerading as a phone. Now my Z10, a year old and still killing it, is a fucking weapon handed down from the gods. The excalibur of mobile technology. I'm writing this on it right now(love you phone, hugs). I initially liked the physical keyboard and sd card of the other two, though battery pulls were a minor inconvenience. But they were sweet. The Curve in particular was so small, but probably did more than my wife's I- Phoney(dubbed the Jobs Turd by my father in law, who also has one). I loved that phone. But then as that and my Bold neared death I had to choose between douche and shit sandwich(droid, jobs). Whatever will I do? Then like a burning bush appearing to Moses, the BlackBerry ad with the Tame Impala song thundered onto my telly. "Get the fuck out of here!" I shrieked. It was purchased for my birthday last summer. No more physical keys, but still easier to type on than Droid. The Imax of screens, and a handsome white casing that is slim and modern, unlike the refrigerator bulkiness of Crapple. Camera? Outstanding resolution. Music capabilities? Tops. Apps? None. But who gives a fuck? I'm not an apps guy. Those are for entertaining mongo's who have nothing going on in life. No Instabrag? Don't care. This thing has gotten me through more horrifying third shift nights and boring family visits than I can count. Btw, no battery pulls on this Canadian Jobs Slayer.Now the bad news. BlackBerry is pretty much dead. Do I try to hoard as many Z10's as I can for the future or (shudder) switch over to the other two market giants? I'm scurred, y'all. But for now, this thing is my prized possession. A psychedelic music blasting, yelp flaming, artistic dick pic-ing, alarm clock with balls the size of Manitoba. God save the Berry.
5	Got a blackberry Z10 now and its the best phone i have ever had.I have had an IPHONE i have had ANDROID and i have had a multitude of other products from the big brick phone 25 years ago to a slim Motorola Razer and a couple of other blackberries and i keep coming back because of the security and battery life.  Blackberry is the best and i have tried them all and come to the conclusion the sheep believe everything they are told and dont have the intelligence to rate a product for themselves.  Blackberry has proven that they are the best once again.  And FYI, I know a couple people who have had their IPHONES hacked or got a virus, and not one person will tell you that if they own a blackberry.  Also i believe in buying domestic product and supporting my fellow Canadians.  Business people chose a blackberry, the crapple Iphone is just a toy for kids who follow trends and spend money foolishly.  So Blackberry will always be my reliable phone and i hope they prosper in the future
