5	This facility is an urgent care, and looks like they do physical therapy as well. My review will be short as my hand is wrapped as i type!  After i cut my hand a good neighbor found this place that accepted my insurance coverage. She called, they said I could be in and out in an hour or so. Got there at about 4:45 pm, walked in, my mom started filling out paperwork and they took us back.The staff was exceptional - friendly, understanding, helpful and just plain ol' nice. can't beat that, especially in the urgent care setting (I have a pretty negative stereotype of "those places"). The doctor was great, the medical assistant was great and we were out of there about 6:15.  I think it took longer than it could have from the banter -- dr. had wonderful beside manners.Oh, and they weren't crazy about the copay either - and by crazy I mean making me fork over the payment as i'm trying to hold one hand with the other to prevent the gaping hole from bleeding (sorry queasy ppl). Actually, didn't even pay copay so I'm sure that will get taken care of with my insurance eob. My point is that they don't seem too worried about the money but more about taking care of patients. Yes, i felt like a patient!
3	I found the service here OK and the facilities good, but I had hoped for a much more personal approach. Perhaps in this area I was made to expect too much after reading the website. Still, even though the staff was pretty businesslike - typical of most medical establishments nowadays - they were polite and respectful. Considering that there were not very many clients during my visit, my wait after reception was a bit lengthy - a little over an hour; however, this is better than one would expect of most medical/clinical establishments, including urgent care facilities. The length of the wait may also be due to the reason for my visit not being a pressing one, as people who had come in after me were attended to first; so I presume that a triage system is in place.  After I was led into my examination room and the obligatory preparatory temp/blood pressure check was done, I waited for half an hour before the doctor came in to see me.  The consultation / checkup itself went well and was not rushed, and the doctor took time to listen and discuss with me.
1	It's $200 just to be seen. Anything else like tests, shots, treatments costs extra - and it's a several hour wait. If you have an actual urgent emergency, don't bother going to this place. I asked them how much a vaccine would be and I was told to pay $200 and I'd have to discuss prices with the doctor. If they can't tell me the price for their services then I'm not gonna pay their $200 fee upfront.
1	Was told to be here for a drug screening mandated by work at noon. I get here at noon and they tell me I'm looking at a 45 minute wait. Receptionist seems very unfamiliar with her position. Very very frustrating experience. *** finally seen after over an hour wait. Nurse was nice but I hope I never have to come here again.
2	I showed up here 2 days ago at 2pm and was turned away stating they were no longer taking walk-ins. They are open till 7pm. So I made an appointment fir Thursday at 10:15am at 11:30 I was still waiting in the lobby. Just ridiculous why bother having people make appointments for a time just say show up in the morning and we will get you out sometime before 7pm. I would never go here again, the only reason I am here cause my work sent me here and they are paying for Physical to be cleared to work.
2	The care I have received so far for a major second degree burn has been fantastic. However, the wait time is ridiculous. I had an 11:30 appointment, arrived at 11 and didn't get called back until 1. I had to reschedule due to the fact that I would be late to work. If they had informed patients of the wait time, I wouldn't be so upset. I mean, I set an appointment for a reason. Seriously reconsidering my Urgent Care choice
2	I've been here one time before to get a drug screen and physical for my job. Had a long wait then, but I didn't really care that day. Yesterday, I came here for a drug screen and check up after a car accident. The girl at the desk told me to "give her a minute" to get me in the system and they'd get me in. Hour and a half later, I ask if she knows how much longer, as I have to pee but have to hold it for the drug test, plus headache, nausea, and not to mention covered in blood. Kinda want outta here. I was told they have a high number of "urgent injuries" so it's taking longer. Uhhhhhhh ?? I mean, I don't know what their definition of urgent is, but I didn't see anyone else with blood. Finally get seen and they told me I need to go to ER immediately (hey thanks for the wait!) for a ct scan. And they forgot to give me a tetanus shot. I just hope I don't have to come back to this place. It's too long of a wait.
1	I'm just coming back for a re-check on a work related injury and I make my appointment for 11am and I'm waiting over 55 minutes in the waiting room and then another half hour waiting for a doctor to re-check me.  What's the point of a damn appointment if it's not even in time.  Hell,  these guys that didn't even have an appointment were seen before me and they came in at the same time as myself.  This place is a joke.
