5	This place is superior to all others! Jody in reception was warm, informative and personable. She made us feel welcomed and appreciated. The young assistant who came to take my daughter's vitals was gentle, considerate of a 1 yr. old's patience and kept her smile through out my interactions with her.  Lance, the PA who diagnosed my daughter's ear infection was also kind, knowledgeable and expedient in helping my daughter feel better faster. They even gave my daughter some pain relief knowing we weren't going home right away.  I can't say enough positive remarks about this Urgent Care. I was told there were no available appointments by my pediatrician and going to an Urgent csre was going to be a pricey alternative,  but this experience is one I would choose over and over again despite the deductible I have to pay. Thank you for realizing sick kids are miserable and helping to be part of the solution instead of a dreaded necessity to their health!
5	Fast, competent, thorough. One stop shop. Reasonably priced for the uninsured. I've been here 3 times now and our experience has been consistent. First, the waiting room is a winner...large so you're not catching what your neighbor has, and the chairs are thick and comfy. You wouldn't mind if you had a long wait because the chairs are great and there is a big screen tv there too. Never waited more than 15 minutes. Usual wait has been 5! I've been on weeknight, weekday and a Sunday night. The docs and P.A.'s treat you like you've got a brain. X-rays on site if you need them. Fast! Pharmacy too, and they give you the option to use them without pressuring you. There's a CVS right next door. We have never felt rushed during exam. When you leave, they give you the best follow up sheet I've ever seen which includes your diagnosis, what it means, what to do when to come back if necessary. It's thorough and easy to understand. This is an outstanding clinic all around. They've earned my trust and my recommendation. You won't regret working with this office.
5	I have been to this Urgent Care a few times since we moved to Gilbert and I really like it.The lobby is bright and clean and set up well with chairs and a television to keep my son entertained while I'm filling out paperwork.  The only concern that I have experienced is, the reception desk staff has never been warm or inviting.  It seems like all business for them and I almost feel like I'm bothering them.  It's not that they've ever been mean, they're just not friendly.Beyond that, I have always been taken back to the examination rooms quickly.  The rooms are good sized and well maintained.  The nurses and doctors have always been friendly and attentive.I have gone in once for myself and once for my 18 month old son and both experiences were great.  I will continue coming to the Urgent Care!
5	We have been here twice and were VERY impressed.
5	Super fast and efficient.  In/Out in less than 30 minutes, and reasonable pricing.
3	Ok visit. It's an urgent care. Best you can get at 6pm for something that's really not an emergency visit necessary. My other part of my review is in my tip I left on the check in offer not being offered.
5	I have been to this Urgent Care a few times and it is nice and new inside. The staff are very friendly and helpful.
1	Great place to take your kids if you want to wait for 4 hours. Slowest service ive ever experienced. The second room they put us in took 1 hour to see the doctor. I don't expect much but this place is horrible.
