5	This is one of my favorite pubs in Charlotte, especially in the summer time when you can sit outside on the big porch and swing while you drink your beers. They sometimes have great music, but I usually (honestly) end up missing is because I love the swing so much. Why don't more bars have a swing? It's an amazing idea. The whole bar is full of fun little things, like a set of Rock-em, Sock-em Robots, a ping-pong table, a pool table...there's really something for everyone, which is a nice way to spend an evening. The staff is friendly and kind of gives you the feeling of being old-school...like they've all been working there for a hundred million years, and they know and love their clients. This was one of the first bars I ever went to in Charlotte, and I always find my way back. It's a good time.
3	I'm sure I sound like a whiner, but I just can't stand cigarette smoke. And that's a difficult preference to have here in tobacco country. Smokey Joe's is, as the name suggests, pretty smokey. But I went here for a friend's birthday one night and we all had a good time drinking and playing pool. There was a $5 cover (I think because there was a band playing), and that was a bit shocking for a place like Smokey Joe's. I'm not one of those bad drunks who always forgets her credit card at the bars. But the one time I did do that, it happened to be at Smokey Joe's. Fortunately, when I went back in my morning, they had my card and were very nice about it.
4	I had to throw up a review for Smokey Joe's for one reason: They have a stone mason built waterfall in their ceiling. I repeat: They have a stone mason built waterfall in their ceiling! That should be all I need to say. But if you need more reasons this is a chill dive bar heavy on character and low on pretensions. You may want to meet some friends there because the crowd can be hit or miss but it's definitely worth checking out. Charlotte needs more places like Smokey Joe's.
5	This is a spectacular watering hole.  If you are visiting Charlotte, this is a must see.  The patio is one of the most unique and comfortable outdoor drinking areas I've ever enjoyed a beverage in.  I sat in an adarondack rocking chair while I chatted with my friends who were swinging on a porch swing. Also, the patio is dog friendly. There aren't a ton of TV's but just enough to catch anything important and they are all in great locations.Inside is dimly lit with old beer signs and you hear the relaxing sound of running water coming from above... What the...?  YES that is a waterfall in the rafters! I haven't got the story on this yet, but all I know is that it is rad.  I'm also a little jealous I didn't think of it first.  The staff here is ridiculously friendly and fun to talk to and the prices are right where they should be.  The only other dive bar as good as Smokey Joe's is The Thirsty Beaver.  A perfect evening or hot summer day for me would involve a visit to both.
5	LOVE this dive bar!!  Talk about a fun, eclectic atmosphere...this is it!!!
4	Driving past this place made me think of a little beachy dive. I decided one night to go there for a divey type a dinner and took my boyfriend and a friend. Parking was a bit crazy at first then I realized they had a place to park out back and it was fine. I walked to the front and saw people lounging around lazily on that big ol deck and I was tempted to take my flip flops off and run around in the sand that took me to my imaginary beach oasis, sans ocean. We opened the big wooden door and entered into a small dark area that was bustling excitedly with people. We looked around and made mental notes of the layout, and realized they had a pin ball machine among the many other cool bar type a things. My stomach is my boss however, so we didn't look long. I walked up to the bar and asked for a menu, and...sadly, they don't serve food!!! NOOOOOOOOOooooooooooOOOOOOOOoooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Ah well, you can't win em all I suppose. We hung out for a few and talked to some of the regulars who were very friendly and loved the place. We assured them we'd come back because who doesn't love a good dive bar?? Plus it's close to home so that's always good too. My first impression was a great one and I'm excited to head back for a fun night with my toes in the sand. Maybe I'll watch ocean youtube videos while I'm at it... ahhhhh.
5	Recently discovered this place & it's become my favorite bar in Charlotte. Live music from local bands might be hit or miss, but it beats listening to a jukebox playing Maroon 5 until you slip into an induced coma.Everyone here, staff & patrons, seems incredibly personable. One girl brought her french bulldog, who immediately became the mayor of the bar within minutes. Best line of the night: When my wife said to the barmaid, "i really like this place", she responded with, "this place really likes you". I'm sold!
4	I have always loved this place, it is truly a diamond in the rough. If this place was in the Midwood or Elizabeth area it would probably be one of the most popular bars in Charlotte. The bar has plenty of things to keep everyone entertained, including pool tables, foosball, video games, mega touch, and darts. The outdoor patio is pretty sweet. Beach ping pong table, fire pits, and plenty of covered seating. They always have some decent drink specials, tons of beer choices, and cheap drinks all year round.
5	I've been here a few times now and love it. Definitely a diamond in the rough. Such a great atmosphere! The bartenders were kind (and kept my phone safe when I left it!). I have returned here with friends and it is always an enjoyable place to be :D.
5	This place and the Double Door are Charlotte's best spots to hear blues and rock.  Unlike the trendier/newer venues in town though, this place has history.  A lot of amazing names have crossed that stage.  With ping pong and video games as well this place is a must visit as far as Charlotte goes.It ain't much to look at when you pull up.  You might have to pull around back of this shack.  When you walk in the front door you'll see an outdoor ping pong table to right and plenty of seating to the left.  Once inside you'll see that pretty much the entire right side of the place is the bar.  Some great beers on tap, plenty of bottles and cans, plus a full bar.  If you look up, there's a waterfall.  Yeah, really.  Anyhow, around the right corner is a pool table and a couple video games and to the left is the stage.  That's where you want to look, assuming there is a show on.  If not, check out the other decor.  All kinds of posters from shows past and plenty of booze signs.  And once you've had a few, go check out all the eye candy in the bathroom.This place ain't pretty but its a great place to see some booze and/or classic rock.  I highly recommend it.
5	The waterfall was built by Doug Delroy, a beloved customer of ours.  He has added lights to it, now!  It is very soothing!
4	I stumbled into this place over the holiday weekend and fell in love. This is a nice casual spot whit a "Cheers" type of feel to it. The bartenders are friendly and the patrons are regulars. They don't have food but sell snacks they also have live music on certain days. The decor of the bar will really grab your attention it has a very tropical feel to it. When you go there be sure to "roll the dice" for 0.50 cent you get to roll two times if you get 4 of the same dice you win a 6 pack! If you get 5 of the same you when the cash in the jar from people who paid to roll the dice but have previously lost! I rolled and didn't win but who knows maybe one day...
