5	Not many people in the world who can put ink in your body and make it feel like you're having pancakes. So yeah what I'm saying is that Joey Hamilton is awesome with a soft smooth touch to his craft. Not for nothing winner of INKMASTER and much more than a TV artist. A true artist in his own right and very chill #energia, which for me is very important. It's a vibe and of course a level of professionalism that's unheard of in a clean friendly and cultured environment. Leslie is at the front desk and greets you with a big smile and since it's a walk in and obviously suggested appointment place you will LOVE what Joey does. Well prepared and a great communicator. So yeah in a nutshell,... I'll be coming back and I've already been talking about him to everyone I know. Yeah Frank Trigg I see you too. Not just a celebrity spot but average joes are all part of one INK TRIBE.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE! !! Went to Bluenote to be tattooed by Joey Hamilton. The tattoo is phenomenal. I couldn't have asked for better. The two owners talked to my husband and I like we were old friends. They are the kind of people you're happy you got to meet. Pricing is reasonable if you know nothing and a steal if you understand what a great tattoo is. My piece was completed ahead of schedule and so they worked my husband in too. Even if you just go for the blues music....go.
5	Don't worry about price- this place is quality over quantity and worth every cent!!Relaxed, clean, friendly environment with the sweet undertones of jazz and blues music playing in the background as the sweet sound of tattoo guns hum through the shop.Amazing artists, celebrity guests, and Joey 'Hollywood' Hamilton! He is amazingly down to earth, friendly, and deserving of the title "Ink Master." The shop owner is equally as good of an artist, and his wife is outgoing and friendly.Whether it's the gift of a tattoo, like it was in my case for my fiancee, or looking to add another piece, this is the shop to end all shops. I don't care who your artist is- they can't hold water compared to this place.
5	When I was 18, my mom took me to Krystof for my very first tattoo. She taught me the importance of a clean quality tattoo. That's exactly what Krystof delivers every time. The shop is absolutely breath taking. It's a really calm cool environment I'd hang out in anytime. His work is amazing and he is an all around awesome guy to have work done by. He knows how to make anyone feel comfortable when going under the needle. When you go, make sure you say hi to Lesley behind the counter, she is awesome! I recommend him to everyone!
5	Awesome service, atmosphere, people and tattoos! Quality work! Great place for locals. What an amazing experience!!!
5	I recently received a tattoo from Krystof at Bluenote Tattoo, and I could not be happier with the results! I wanted to add another tattoo to my body to commemorate my recent marriage. Since the artist who did my first tattoo had left Las Vegas a couple years back, I needed to work with someone new.  Luckily for me, I did my homework and found the good folks at Bluenote Tattoo. I can't say enough good things about their shop - very clean, welcoming atmosphere which makes for a very kick-ass place to spend some time (6.5 hours in my case) getting your ink done. Krystof (and his fellow artists, each of Ink Master fame) do a really quality job. While I have seen reviews here mentioning the price was a bit higher than others, I didn't find that to be the case. That said, whatever your perspective, the quality of the work you will receive will be well worth any extra dollars you may spend... Trust me, you will be seeing the art for a long time, don't be cheap now and regret it later.I would (and do) recommend this shop to anyone looking for their first/next tattoo. Between the great artistry, welcoming atmosphere, and award winning talent... I can't imagine a better shop in Vegas.
5	I just received a tattoo from Joey Hamilton at Bluenote tattoo.  The shop is clean and the artists are all very down to earth and friendly.  There's great, laid back blues music playing and you really feel at home when you are there.  They strive very hard to make it a good experience for you.  I left there elated, both with my experience and with my tattoo.
