3	My husband and I visit Tempe each year during the Angels Spring Training sessions with our family. We usually try to find modest hotels since we like to splurge on great eating and a good time at the games. ( and more beer money- haha)This year we decided to Stay at the Holiday Inn & Suites. We chose this hotel for the close location to the field & also because it was close to dining and shopping ( Basically in the parking lot of the Arizona Mills Mall ). ** Keep in Mind this is not a four or Five Star Hotel **Location Pros:Great location. Very close to the freeways and there were plenty of places to eat within 5 to 10 mile radius. There was always parking in the hotel parking lot and no charge. Also, the Mall wasn't half bad for an outlet mall ( quite crowded on Sunday's).It's not far from the famous Mill Ave with lots of bars, if you are there to have a few beers...Location Cons:The only thing that worried me a bit was a bus stop located right next to the low rise wall where cars were parked. There were many people just hanging out on the wall and it made me a bit uneasy. Thankfully, all was well. ( Also, while the hotel is located in a nicer area, it is only a few miles away from the town of Guadalupe which I don't recommend going).Hotel Pros:The staff greeted us with friendly faces and were quite professional. The staff was extremely friendly and answered all of our questions when we called down to the front desk. The suite was generally spacious and although the full beds were a bit small, it still accommodated us nicely. It included a refrigerator , microwave and two complimentary waters each day. There was also Tea and Coffee included in the room at no additional charge. The hotel hospitality staff thoroughly cleaned our room ( and we had two kids with us ). They replaced our towels and toiletries each day. We we were there for 4 days and three nights.The " Continental" Breakfast they provide is beyond what you may expect. They offer so much including biscuits and gravy as well as healthy options. It actually exceeded my expectations for the Holiday Inn. Hotel Cons:Now before I get to the cons, keep in mind again, this is not a five star hotel so you can't expect too much.The bathroom:Very small, so small that the door will hit you if someone else opened it while you were in it. I would have much rather have the sink and shower in once place. The sink is located outside the bathroom in the actual room. Or, they could even take out the dining area to open up the bathroom. ( Just my opinion )Also, the plumbing is not the greatest either. We had to call for a plunger and use it several times. ( we also saw another guest with a plunger as well ). There was also a funny smell in the hotel, but I can't really cal this con because I am just sensitive to hotel smells. The Pool:It okay for us since it was not quite summer so it wasn't too crowded and we only had two kids with us. However, if you plan on staying here over the summer be prepared for the crowd since it is small. Also, they should not allow children in the Hot tub even with a parent. A few kids were splashing around in there making it hard for others to relax. Overall I give this place 3 stars, simply because it was pretty much how I expected it to be. Would I recommend it : yesWould we return: yes
3	This hotel is a-ok.  I consider this one of the better Holiday Inns.  The rooms are very spacious although a little dated.  The hotel is very clean which is always a plus.  They serve breakfast each morning which includes some hot selections like bacon and eggs and cold selections like yogurt and cereal.  The staff here are very friendly and helpful.  Each room is a suite style with a microwave and mini wet bar with a refrigerator.  The TV is a larger LCD type.  The beds could be a little more confortable and I think the pillows suck.  However, I really don't sleep very well at any hotel.
5	Great hotel,easy check-in fair prices and the room was clean. I could not have asked for any more close to shopping and food ..
4	Great location from everything. Right next to Arizona Mills, Joe's Crab Shack, The Claim Jumper, and only 10 miles from Chase Field Downtown. The bed in our king suite was very comfortable!  The Otis Spunkmeyer cookies in the evening are AMAZING- they don't leave them out, just ask the receptionist for some! The breakfast is blah. Nothing fancy about coffee, cinnamon rolls, fruit, yogurt and powdered eggs. But, at least it's free!  Other than finding half a pot of old coffee in our room, the place was great. The pool is nice and was very clean on our visit. very private from the nearby road.
5	Great location with decent restaurants nearby. We've stayed here three times when visiting relatives. The staff is so friendly even when you arrive late. The beds are comfortable and we enjoy the HD tv. The coffee was good and it's so convenient to have a quick breakfast before hitting the road. The rooms are big with a bar and fridge. Overall, very comfortable and convenient.
5	I give it five stars total! King size bed even a cute little refrigerator. This room was just what I needed after a long drive. The bed was extra soft and it right across from the mall & a waffle house.
5	Very clean rooms very spacious! Lovely hotel. They have a nice variety for breakfast in the morning. Rooms are quiet. Beds are comfortable. Shower pressure is pretty good too!
