5	This was another weird and must see restaurant that I found in the "Weird Las Vegas and Nevada" book, so I decided to check it out.As a local, it's pretty cool getting excited about something touristy or new or in this case, unknown.  The Mermaid Lounge is found in the Silverton Casino, just a little south of the main strip, and lives up to its name in a surprising way.There is a beautiful aquarium just outside the restaurant, with plenty of fish, manta rays, and... an actual swimming, smiling mermaid.While it's not a modern discovery of science, the fully underwater girl dressed as a mermaid swims up to you, poses for pictures (between the tank glass), and admittedly, it's a very novel and cool effect.  The girl's a good sport, making sure that camera hungry folk get a good shot or two before popping her breathing apparatus back in.The restaurant itself is quite pretty, with chairs named after famous fish folk (Ariel, Shamu, etc), and behind the bar is a tank of jellyfish that have neon lights flickering around them, making their translucent bodies change color.  Beautiful and creepy all at once.The first server girl we ran into was a little stand-offish, but our main server was very friendly and attentive.  Food and drinks here are reasonably cheap (less than $10 for most meals, and the same for drinks).  I tried the ahi tuna wrap, and it was quite tasty (and a little spicy).The Silverton is a little out of the way from the Strip, but this is a very cool bar, and worth the extra effort to get over there.  The aquarium is awesome, and there is a small alcove that when walking in, gives you a brief sensation that you are actually walking into the aquarium's water.  It's an interesting effect in itself.Seriously, though.  How often can you claim that you're able to mermaid watch while sipping drinks with friends?
5	Talk about timing--we arrived at the Silverton Casino just as they started the sting ray feeding in their giant aquarium.  Sure, it sounds mundane, but let me tell you that this was one of the coolest underwater things I've seen.  The scuba diver feeds chunks of meat to the sting rays and you can see them chewing it and swallowing it in their mouths. Did you know that sting rays' mouths are on their under sides? Crazy! They've got so many weird and exotic fishes in here, from leopard sharks to fishes with unicorn horns on their heads.  It was really neat to see the scuba diver interacting with the sharks and sting rays, and the kids around the giant cylindrical tank were going nuts.  I guess there's a mermaid that also poses in the tank, but we didn't get to see her.  This place is off the strip.  I wasn't expecting much because no one I talked to knew about this place (it's right by the Bass Pro shop at Outdoor World).  However, I'm glad I trekked off the strip to see this cool (FREE!) aquarium.  Call ahead to find out when feeding times are.  It's the best part :)*See pics*
4	Even though it is technically a lounge, the restaurant servicing the tables & bar area is able to produce hot food. Having visited this location on several occasions, I have always had courteous but sometimes slow service during lunch. The view of the giant floor to ceiling fish tank & smaller tanks with jelly fish adds to a chill decor. The lounge is located at the entrance to the connected sporting goods store. I would visit this location for lunch or dinner again and I would recommend it to friends.
5	After dinner at Twin Creeks, we made the short trek across the casino to check out the Mermaid lounge. I'm afraid we didn't consume any drinks or eat anything so this review is purely for the spectacle that is the mermaid tank ! It is places like this that make Vegas fabulous to me. The concept is so incredibly silly and over the top, what's not to love? A freaking huge salt water tank with thousands of fish and a freaking mermaid swimming around? Incredible I tell you. The mermaid was adorable (apparently some of these ladies come from the olympic gold syncronized swimming team!). She did flips, she waved all the kids. She played with the fish... it was a very surreal thing to watch. Again I can't recommend you hang out in this lounge, but if you're in the area by all means come see the most ridiculous "lounge entertainment" situation you've ever seen in your life. Apparently on Saturdays and Sundays during Christmastime Santa and his Elves hang out in there (like underwater!) from 10-1 PM. I really hope to make it back to see that - it sounds amazing.
4	This is a good place for lunch or snack.  Food is good, service is usually pretty good, and my favorite part is that it over looks either the aquarium or the jellyfish!  You can sit in the lounge and not order food, but if you're hungry... grab a snack.... it's affordable.
1	To the right of the Mermaid lounge and behind the aquarium you'll find one of the most god awful displays of art in the city. The art is so bad that it could set the art world back a generation. It's a wall filled with some of the ugliest mermaid paintings you'll ever see. I'm not sure if it's meant to be a joke or a serious display of art, but the result is a shockingly bad gallery that makes "dogs playing poker" seem fit for the National Gallery of Art.
5	Really cool bar, really amiable bartenderette in an amazing two piece blue sequined ensemble..nicely priced drinks, and above the bar are 2 big tanks full of hypnotic floating jellyfish.....if you can bear to tear your eyes away from that, just off to your right is a giant aquarium with aqualife and swimming mermaids (if you're there on the right day and time). Now, listen up. If you don't have a rental car, it's probably not worth the trip in a taxi unless you're like me and want to hunker down for a session of cheap blackjack or other games after your visit to the bar. We happened to have a car, so it's not a bad trip at all to get here, just a little ways past the "Welcome To.." sign going south on LVB. Loved hanging out at the Silverton Lodge. I had read previous reviews indicating the place may be smoky, stale, old, etc., and I really beg to differ. But thats another review. This review is for an awesome, kitschy bar with reasonably priced drinks and $5 blackjack tables right nearby....Approve whole heartedly.
3	I was here very late one night with my friends and decided I wanted a cold drink, I wasn't playing blackjack or slots so I couldn't get a free one. When I walked up to the bar at 1am I was told that he was closing up and the bar was closed. What?! It's 1am!!! and it's Vegas!!!! Totally baffled by the early close. I understand they are located inside of the Silverton, which is off the strip but still, if I was back in SF I would be able to go to any bar at 1am and get a drink. I look forward to visiting again, hopefully they will be open for business then. Very pretty though, the chairs were very comfy and the sea life was nice to look at.
4	Since when do mermaids wear goggles? Apparently, ever since they decided to migrate to the Silverton Aquarium is when. The themed lounge lives up to its name with servers dressed in turquoise mermaid outfits, a giant fish aquarium complete with mermaid sightings, a jellyfish tank above the bar in between several wall-mounted flat screens, a mermaid statue in between the jellyfish tank, aquamarine chandeliers and comfy chairs with the color and shininess of fish scales. I'd imagine this is how a lounge would look like if lounges existed underwater. The server was nice, but it took a while for our orders to come out. Besides that, the drink prices were reasonable. I also tried some of the food off the menu. The nachos were good with a lot of different toppings (chili, beans, sour cream, cheese, guacamole, jalapeno peppers, etc.), but extra chips would have been nice. The crunchy chicken strips were nicely-sized, and the barbecue sauce that accompanied this dish was good as well. Overall, a nice lounge, especially for those who like themed places. Be warned, however, that if you sit at the lounge, the mermaid's tricks are hard to see.
4	In a town that has everything this is a place that is very unique. Great big aquarium and mermaids inside? Yes mermaids, it is a little hard to explain so go see it!! This is inside the Silverton and a little off strip but , it was a Bourdain stop so I had to check out. The bar is a pretty basic but it has chairs that sit stadium style right in front of the tank so, that is cool. I did not have food but the beer prices were decent.
5	This is by far one of my favorite casino bars in Vegas. I have been here so many times & never Yelp'd about it til now.I came here for the Thursday night Pub Crawl and this is the 1st stop. From 7-8 on Thursday night they are serving up all drinks for just one buck! Yes thats correct. I was drinking Grey Goose & red bull for $1. And they were making them strong.The place was not even packed so we were able to score a spot on the huge chairs facing the aquarium. They had a waitress but it was just easier to go up to the bar for a round.I am looking forward to the next pub crawl..
2	I came here when my friend Mike B. brought me to see a mermaid show and get fried oreos. He had moved to Vegas from Seattle in June and I was down there on a little vacation!Turned out they didn't have a mermaid show - it was the Mermaid CASINO that had them. They didn't have the fried oreos either! Oh well, we ordered some food and drinks.My vodka cranberry tasted like pure cranberry juice. The Teriyaki was okay, but I've had better. The calamari was DELICIOUS!Overall, I probably wouldn't come back but it was a nice one time thing.Oh yeah, the waitresses wear mermaid outfits, which is a plus!
3	The decor is amusing, and watching the divers/mermaids/underwater stalkers interact was enjoyable.  Of course, it's a casino, so prices are mid-range.  The bar staff was friendly enough, and it's a good spot for people watching.  It's worth stopping by here if you're there with your out of town guests and want to sit and watch the oddities around you.
4	I have always really enjoyed this bar. The waitresses all wear funky ABBA-inspired outfits and there are great drink and food specials. I come from time to time with friends and enjoy the aquarium quite a bit (especially my favorite little fish who I've affectionately named Bob). The service is pretty good most days, but can get iffy from time to time. I especially frequent the place during the Thursday night pub crawls Silverton hosts, with $1 drinks. I highly recommend this cool little respite.
2	The fish tank and bar area are very cool and unique. The service here is less than stellar and they seem content to let it be that way. However once you get a drink served which you will have to go get it yourself they pour you a massive drink I think in an effort to keep you away. Its not because they are friendly. Usually plenty of seating and nice chairs, couches, and different setups for different size crowds. I like the bar area a lot I just wish they had service here.
3	Three hours + $10 All You Can Drink Ruination IPA x However many pours you can muster = Eminent demise. A simple mathematical equation that shows you were a night can quickly end up. I enjoy many aspects of the Mermaid Lounge; their drinks are inexpensive, the view of the fish tank is magnificent, and an abundance of seats. What I tend to not enjoy is the lack of staff to tend to the guest. Our server was preoccupied for most of the time we spent there. Instead of checking up on us, we got the initial approach and saw her a total of two more times after we flagged her down. The fact that they would only have one employee is ridiculous.The positive was our birthday boy got his money worth and went over the deep end. After his seventh, we cut him off to a belligerent tirade. Not only did we pay for drinks, we got a show. Good thing the Food Festival was right outside.
4	How very cool to walk into a casino and see a beautiful huge fish tank filled with a grip of sea creatures, fish... sharks, stinkrays.. and sometimes even a mermaid!This is the beauty of the Mermaid Lounge.FOOD: I don't remember, though I have had a bite to eat here.  DRINKS: strong!   Even if your just sitting at a slot machine or at the tables... the cups they serve the drinks in  are pretty munch 8oz of alcoholic beverage.  not going to complain.... PLUS: a beautiful place to hang out if ur  waiting on gamblers.  there are couch like chairs to relax on right in front of the tank.  something about staring at a fish tank is so serene.you can even watch feeding time!  It's a cool little lounge with a full bar and plenty of seating.  It's fun... and the big fish tank and huge jelly fish tank behind the bar definitely adds to the ambiance. Cool little place, typical drink prices... not a very busy party atmosphere, so it's definitely somewhere to just lounge and have a drink in peace!
4	Super impressive ambiance. Seemed really fancy to me, but so does anything without duct tape on it. They have great beers on tap, like several from ballast point brewery, As a bonus, they'll comp your drinks if you play the machines at the bar. The only thing that's kind of weird is that this casino obviously has a kind of mermaid and pretty fish are our friend's theme, but it also has a bass pro shop on site. This sort of obvious dichotomy makes as much sense as a vegan hunting lodge.
5	Located in the Silverton Lodge Casino. This is very cool bar/lounge. It is right next to the huge fish tank on the main casino floor. A very cool feature is a jelly fish tank above the bar, that changes colors every few seconds, they also have very scantily clad waitresses, (that's for those of you not into a jelly fish tank,that changes colors every few seconds). I should also mention great food deals. If you happen to find yourself in the Silverton stop by the Mermaid Bar and have a drink or three. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	The Mermaid Lounge in the Silverton Casino you get to see sexy mermaids what the hell else do you need to know? Ok, so I've never seen more than one server on staff here since it isn't the biggest area that wouldn't seem to bad but during peak hours you can be waiting for you order awhile. I've actually gotten into the habit of going and getting my orders from the bar myself just to give the poor girl a break. Its reasonably priced for a casino bar and the as long as the mermaids are healthy/on time the shows are entertaining. Watching the eyes and faces of the children who haven't seen the show before is worth the time spent waiting for the show to start as they then try to determine what they are seeing is for real or not. The scuba diver in the tank with the mermaid (for their safety and to hold the breathing tube) is kinda distracting and I wish they would have something in the tank for him to hide behind in order to make it even more magical for the children but all in all it's a free event that draws a crowd and shouldn't be missed if you are at the Silverton.
3	We've come here a few times. Nice little bar and they serve food and have lots of specials. That's the good part. They just could improve the place in lots of ways. They need better TV screens to watch games and more comfortable bar stools. We came here for Superbowl and there are just so many blind spots that make it very inconvenient to enjoy the games. Aside from that, the place is good to hand out with friends and enjoy the scenery. Just wish they'd add more viewable screens.
5	This review is for the mermaid experience only, as we didn't dine or drink here:My 6 year old daughter is a mermaid fanatic so, of course, this was a must see for her while we were vacationing in Vegas!She was not disappointed! The mermaid who was there was awesome! She stayed for about 30 minutes, she posed for pics with your kid where it looked like she was beside your child even though she was behind the glass. She did this awesome trick like she was blowing smoke rings but it was with water, I've never seen anything like it in my life! She did all sorts of tricks & flips & just really put on an awesome show! Very interactive with the kids!This was definitely worth the short drive away from the strip! Thank you for the very interesting free show! It was my daughters favorite part of Vegas!
3	Nice place to chat up some company and enjoy some five dollar pitchers. Also you have the great view of the giant fish tank and the smaller jelly fish tank above the bar which provides a really cool ambiance to the place. To some it up, not exactly the hippest place, but the staff is friendly and quite easy on the eyes and the drinks are cheap.
3	Tanked .Get it?
4	This review is for the Mermaid Lounge, NOT the mermaid show, the aquarium, or the art gallery.This is a wonderful, serene little lounge in the Silverton Casino next to the Aquarium near Bass Pro Shop.  THIS IS NOT A STRIP PARTY BAR, so if that's what you're looking for, skip it. And there's no music. There is a bar, of course, and several tables with barstools, and some conversational lounge areas, but the best part of this lounge is the long row of stuffed, high-back armchairs facing the aquarium.  It's a wonderful place to just sit and relax while planning your evening activities, waiting to meet friends, or unwinding after a show or a long night of gambling.  You can just sit comfortably and watch the fish swim by as you contemplate what you're going to pawn for your plane ticket home. Bonus: the food and drinks here are reasonably priced. Although it calls itself a restaurant as well as a lounge, it really only serves a limited selection of standard bar food.  What they do serve is very good, however; I can recommend the fried calamari and the parmesan fries. The drawbacks: the kitchen is open irregularly. Don't depend on being able to order food here; I've been left hungry on more than one occasion when the kitchen certainly should have been open. Also, service can be nearly non-existent; you may have to go up to the bar to get your drink if things are busy. But you won't mind, just relax and watch the fish swim lazily by.
2	The nachos were huge for what you pay for them.  That is about the only positive thing I can say.  Only saw 1 mermaid and she was not in the area of the lounge she was out front for other people to see.  Our waitress must have been new.  She got my order wrong.  Had to wait another 20 minutes just to get chips and salsa(which is what I originally ordered).  She spilled our drinks as she was setting them on the table.  My hubby had the fish and chips and he said the fish was good.  But the chips were just regular shoestring french fries.  Maybe in the late night or happy hour would be a better time to be there.  We were there around 1-2 pm.  So I guess it is just not the right time to be there for a great experience.
4	Splish! Splash! thousands of tropical fish in a 117,000 gallon saltwater magnificent aquarium. An underwater setting that's unbelievably dreamy with mermaids. Yes, mermaids! swimming to the delight of on-lookers daily during feeding shows every 3 hours starting at 1:30, 4:30, and 7:30 in the afternoon. A scuba diver occasionally can be seen with the mermaids as fish are being fed. Mermaids swim and dance around and stops occasionally for photographs by anyone viewing the aquarium. Eyes do see things, though...goggles, nose plugs and oxygen apparatus? For some times, the mermaids takes in air from the oxygen tank. The Mermaids don goggles and nose plugs, which comes to mind that they are just like one of us but with the costume of fish tails. Oh, they do look so mythically good in that Mermaids fantasy! At times, the mermaids would pause from swimming, wave, smile and then go back to swim to your delight with the many tropical exotic species of fish including manta rays, sharks, sting rays. It's an awesome underwater spectacle! Magical! This is Silverton Casino's main free attraction at the southernmost end of "The Strip". Children and adults delight in this Mermaid Magical Fantasy! And if starving and famished, the Mermaid Show is adjacent to the sea-themed Mermaid Lounge and Restaurant to wet your appetite. That is, whet your appetite. Dining menu of fish and chips, calamari, salads, ahi tuna wrap, steak sandwich, chicken, burger, nachos, teriyaki bowls, fish tacos, and pizza fare all to your sea-sick tummy-tum-tum. Prize ranging from $3 to $11. Dining hours from 4 p.m. to 10 p.m. on Mondays to Thursdays and  till 11 p.m. on Fridays, on Saturdays from 11 a.m. to 11 p.m. and on Sundays from 11 a.m. to 10 p.m. Bar hours are daily from 11 a.m. to 1 a.m., which offers alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages. Restaurant and lounge decor of a mermaid statue, glittering aqua colored chandelier in the form of an upside down jellyfish, fish scale or fishtail cushioned chairs and high-backed bar chairs, with the modern luxury of flat screens overlooking the bar, attentive food/cocktail servers in tropical wardrobe is a boost to the sea-faring in you. All these in a lounge bathed in serene, aqua blue and marine green colorful lighting effect giving the effect of  transporting you to the seas. Why not fantasize yourself by the sea? With exotic fish and mermaids, go mythical sea at least while in the desert.
4	What could possibly be better than lounging in this seemingly decorated underwater oasis, checkin' out the beautiful mermaid in this massive aquarium or being mesmerized by the jelly fish tank above the bar? Uhh...awesome Grey Goose vodka dirty martinis - "Gretzky" style (shaken so hard that there's a layer of floating ice) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mermaid-lounge-las-vegas?userid=U0vzuP_b7vwX8OnLkXaQFQ#NDselAzruS3o1U1VknDoow & having it served by beautiful "mermaid" servers with big......bright smiles.Ahhhh...now that's better!
2	We came here after I yelped "Unique Bar" in our area, but we knew there was a chance it wouldn't be the type of joint we wanted to hang out in.The Mermaid Lounge is an attractive looking bar inside the Silverton Casino and Lodge with a decent number of people hanging out, but you can do better in Vegas a little too easily.Honestly, everything other than the fish tank in this place is basically mediocre. As a note, they don't serve food except Thurs-Sunday, and their beers are a little more expensive than the average place in an off-strip bar.Our bartender was average, though he did nothing in particular wrong. Additionally, three of the TVs over the bar were on blank screens for whatever reason. Finally, no mermaids, but we didn't expect any on a Tuesday night.
3	I went here with a friend. We sat down. And the waitress didn't even acknowledge us. We had to get up and walk over to the bar. Plus we had to wait like 20 minutes for our chips and salsa. These girls need to step it up for a fast paced Las Vegas.
3	They did not have the salmon stir fry as listed on the menu. I'm sure they have salmon in the Silverton, so I don't get why they couldn't make it. I will probably not try to order food here again. The bar is a decent place to hang out, and the "nautical" decor is a winner in my book. Service was OK, though I've noticed that the Silverton overall does a poor job at having consistent (as in good) service.
3	I'm not one to hang out in lounges and bars but this little place is more like sitting in a giant aquarium. It's a decent place to grab a comfy seat and watch the fish swim back and forth. There's a cool-ish vibe to this lounge. It's dark and has a great view of the beautiful aquarium. The bar snacks here are good, I love when they have the deep fried Twinkies (yeah, I said it) on the menu. The bad things about Mermaid Lounge is that it is SUPER SMOKY (as with most places located right smack dab in the middle of the casino) and it can get very loud. Not really worth a special trip to go here but if you love fish and aquariums, you'll get a kick out of sipping your house wine at this bar.
1	Stopped in Friday (17 Jan) for a few beers with former co-workers. I've Been in LV 30+ years and am not a fan of casino bars/lounges etc. Our bar tender was a nice young lady...I think her name is Michell. . Anyway, were were all enjoying ourselves for an hour or two. Several rounds went by, money on the bar etc. Up to that point service was  just ok. Our bartender had taken a break or two, no bigee. As we were not facing the bar I noticed she was gone as well as the money that was on the bar. I myself had about $30+ on the bar and surveying the others it came out to about $70. She was on break again...came back. I was going to challange her but thought better of it because she cut herself short. When the bunch of us go out for 'beers' every few months we ususally leave the bartender b/t $125 - $150. This bartender is one reason I donot support Casino bars/lounges. We, as a group, usually hang out at local bars for nice specials and honest bartenders. For good honest service try 'Crown & Anchor' (E. Trop), 'RePete's' Warm springs just west of LV Blvd and another favorite is 'Bj's' on E. Trop and Koval. The boys wanted to try this Mermaid joint and found out that casino bars are for tourist.
4	This is not a review for the lounge's food and drinks, but rather for its attraction: MERMAIDS! I recommend calling ahead to check the schedule of when these lovely maidens make an appearance in the aquarium tank. This is a great place for families to visit - come on, the kids love mermaids! The aquatic maidens are able to breathe through the oxygen lines in the tank, and they can interact with the audience.A great place to stop by with those with kids or with people who want to see mermaids! :)
5	Under da sea!  Ok, free live mermaid swimming in an aquarium with real fish.  It's not cirque du soleil, but it's a very cool memory.  Great for the kids and adults like myself who are obsessed with mermaids.  We sat in the bar area and had some drinks to kill time till the next show.Mermaids rotate between their shows.  There is a scuba diver at the bottom to make sure everything goes on safely.  Kudos for that.  The children have a field day with this.  Make sure to call or email for the showtimes.
1	Horrible service. Waited hasn't come over since 5:15pm its 7:30pm. Totally ridiculous.  Party of 10 and have to go to the bar and no service. So sad!!! Won't be back here
1	Horrible service, menus never provided. Had to go to bar for drinks rather than server checking table.
