4	Ordered the pho. Soup is tasty, not too salty, noodles cooked very nicely. The meat was tender, not tough when its cooked by the soup. This place is still in the opening stages and doesn't have the credit card machine working yet so it's cash only. Prices are very reasonable. The only downside is that the been sprouts don't have the tips peeled off, but if you aren't picky, this place is decent and will fill up your stomach.
4	::Grumble:: No one will ever cook as well as my parents ::grumble:: OK, there is the obligatory complaint about how nothing will ever compare to the gods of the kitchen of ones home.  With that being said, DaKao Quan is rather tasty. Until 5/27/12, they are running a special for 30% off the whole bill. As I entered, I was greeted right away and asked if I wanted ice water or tea. For tea drinkers, this is a complimentary perk of dining in. I came in after getting my haircut and got a Che Ba Mau to start and a nice large bowl of their Pho Dac Biet. The ice dessert was not the usual green jelly with black, red, and mung beans. It was close enough though and just the right amount of coconut milk and simple syrup. Not even five minutes of me putting in the order and going to the bathroom and my soup was out on the table. A nice plate of mint, bean sprouts, limes, and jalapenos came on the side. Unlike other places the veggies were bright and vivid. As I dug into the piles of noodles, I was pleasantly surprised by the quantity of ingredients. There was plenty of meat and noodles. Halfway through my bowl, I was slowing down while still maintaining quite a bit left. As I fought on, I was getting full, but not willing to give up. I ended up slurping up all the soup too. The best part is that I am not left with dry mouth. The prices are very reasonable. In fact, a little cheaper than other places. Definitely worth it. After this endeavor, I walked back across the street to pick up six sandwiches from their other shop to take home.
2	This place just opened and they are not doing good.I've had a few ok experiences with this place until I went the other day and had order eggrolls for the first time. The eggrolls had gone bad! It tasted rotten and it was terrible. The food isn't amazing! but for the price, it was worth going back to try again. Because they had 30% off for the first 2 months of grand opening, it was worth going even though the food wasn't great. But if I had to pay full price for this joint, let me just say that I won't go back.The one thing I ordered that was actually pretty good was the rice. They use Jasmine rice for ther platters and you get a choice of pork, beef, or chicken, The egg that comes with the rice platter also known as "com" on the menu is really good! served with fish sauce. The drinks/dessert drinks there aren't great. Overall this place only scored 2 stars in my book. The service is terrible, but it depends on which server you get. There is 1 server who is really good and super attentive, but for the most part, every other time I've gone it's a different person and the service is terrible. Servers stand around and sitting down doing absolutely nothing, even when trying to get their attention.The owner is a sweetheart, and bless her heart. But in order to make things work, she needs to hire servers who can drive the local back to see them again.
