3	I generally avoid Arizona Mills at all cost, but I occasionally make an exception to stop by the Nine West and Nike Outlets.  I went to the Nine West store today and was pleasantly surprised to find that their entire store was buy one get one half off.  A dream come true!  I had settled on two pairs, before taking one last peek at their clearance rack.  Sure enough I found a great pair on clearance and decided I better be responsible and just get the one clearance pair.  When I got to the cash register the employee asked me if I wanted to get another pair since they were buy one get one half off.  I had assumed that the deal didn't apply to their clearance items, but apparently it did!  Wow!  I walked away with two pairs of shoes for $32!  The only downside to this store is that they don't carry any narrow shoes, so generally their cute strappy shoes don't fit my skinny foot.
3	The outlet is not going knock your socks off. The deals are average. On any given weekend, expect either a buy one get one at half of or 30% off everything the store. On the average, shoes run about $40.00. Not exactly giving Macys or Dillards a run for their money! The styles tend to be on the tired side. Your average heels with a few variations. Not alot of Nine West styles, anything recent doesn't seem to hit the outlet unless it is a little on the wacky side. Think stacked heels in bright pink or yellow. If you are shopping somewhere else in the mall, it is worth stopping in but don't make it a destination.
4	This is not your typical outlet location but there is always a sale. I'm a regular at this location and always seem to hit the buy one get one 50% of specials. The shoes are slightly marked down usually $10.00  off the regular price but you really save if you buy more then one pair. Be sure to check with the staff as some items are not included in the buy one get one half off. The back off the store has clearence items. Neatly stacked shelves with many shoe sizes to choose from. The store is clean and easy to move through. The store has purses and other accessoriesI have to praise the staff. Never met an employee who works at this location that never looked like they did not want to be there. Every time I walk through the door the sales staff always greets me with a smile. They are all helpful and extermley friendly. No high pressure sales just superior customer service. I feel like I'm walking through the streets of French Qaurter where the streets are filled with friendly people when I walk into this store.
