4	I love Del Taco. I don't know why, but they are just yummy to me. I only get their chicken soft tacos. Here is how Dottsy eats a chicken soft taco from Del Taco: Open the taco, pour a packet of INFERNO sauce on the taco, spread guacamole over it, and place 3 or 4 french fries inside the taco. Fold one end, the fold in half and take a BIG MESSY bite! Hey..never knock unless you've tried!I will say that Del Taco uses REAL chicken pieces and every time I eat there my food is hot a fresh, even the yummy crinkle cut fries. Yes, it's a guilty pleasure, but Del Taco is a step up from other fast food Mexican food. I wouldn't even really consider it Mexican food, it's more Calexican food, a mixture of California and Mexican.Hit Del Taco for a quick fast food fix, you might be surprised!
3	Went to DelTaco for the very first time this week and boy was I ever hungry. So, I ordered the "Macho" sized combo. Whoa, was that ever a mistake. My first clue should have been that it was a MACHO combo, which I am clearly not. :) The fries came in a large soft drink cup and the macho sized soda was as big as my head- took 2 hands to pick it up. My main advice, stick to the small!As for the food, I had the soft chicken tacos which were pretty good. I wouldn't say they compare to an actualy sit-down mexican restraunt, but were good considering I only paid a couple bucks and was eating within a few minutes of ordering. I'd go back again if I needed some tacos in a hurry.Side note: Don't use the stuffed animal grabber machine... it stole my money :)
1	Well shame on me, I thought my soft taco would look like the one on coupon ad. It showed this definitive picture of bulging cheese, eggs, salsa, and the taco dwarfed by the size of the food spilling out of the end. Hoo Ahh, I could cut off the first three inches of the taco and not touch the filling and then it was only a half inch high and two inches long. It was just a glop of egg, cheese, and the salsa was one spatter of red stuff. The "hash browns were just old greasy flavored tatter tots. How could anyone possibly serve this stuff with a straight face? I emailed the company and they sluffed it off on the store manager. She called me and I told her the story and her answer was; well everyone advertises this way, but admitted that it was a little deceptive. Duh yuh think? She said come on in and I will buy you a breakfast to get your business back. Do me a favor and hold your breath. . . . .Check out my picture above.
4	When I eat at Del Taco you would think I would order a taco but think again... I order two cheeseburgers but the key is to have them add jalapenos peppers to the burgers... It is one of my favorite fast food burgers a must try for burger fans.
5	Del Taco is way better than Taco Bell and the prices are way cheaper! The fried shrimp taco is unhealthy fried food heaven. The service is always fast and the employees are funny! Did I mention the prices are way cheap?
1	I was visiting a friend and craving Del Taco as I haven't had it in forever. We pulled up to the drive thru and no one said anything. We thought they were closed because the parking lot was rather empty. I told my friend just to say hello and see if anyone answered. She did, in no way rude  at all. Just a simple hello. Girl came on and responded with major attitude "yeah can you give me a minute?!" Friend replied "sorry but if you had said something so I knew you were even there I would have def given you a minute". Girl then said "ok then now you can give me three minutes". Wow! Talk about shitty service. I decided to take my business elsewhere. I live on the East Coast and love Del Taco so much but that girl made it so not worth it to me. I mean, I'm from Jersey and I have never experienced such ignorance. Really, just disgusting.
3	I was in the area shopping for a car and needed to grab a quick lunch.  I found this location via the Yelp app.  I ordered:Veggie Works Burrito, $3.39Bean Burrito w/Green Sauce, $1.09http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/del-taco-phoenix-7?select=QiaPK86sb19VraiDAiRakg#eXFZTPFn6BjNovOAoDxwtQThe food was good for a Del Taco, you don't expect it to be top notch.  It did take a little while to get prepared.  I don't know why either, they weren't busy when I was there.  I'll chalk it up to fresh food.Return Factor - 50%
4	My husband and I love Del Taco. The burritos and grilled chicken tacos are good. The ingredients are fresh (for a fast food spot) and it isn't expensive. Not too mention they're open 24 hours!
3	I love Del Taco...with all my heart...but this location seems so "ghetto" compared to other locations I've been to. People wearing sloppy t-shirts and not proper uniforms. Workers acting like total slackers when you order and when you get to the pick-up window. Talking like thugs to customers (yes, I heard one worker talking that way to a customer at the counter the first time I went there, while waiting at the pick-up window to receive my food)Asking for my food to be placed in a plastic bag with carry handles seems like such a hassle from the looks on their faces when I ask nicely. Then they've tried to give me cookies in small bags and NOT put in the bag with the rest of my food. What's up with that? Not acceptable, that's what's up!I really hope they improve their work ethics and customer skills because I really like Del Taco's food and want to keep returning. It's either that or I wish they would build/open one up closer to my place (I have to drive over to Chandler and I live in Tempe).
3	Cheap Taco's and food. The walls are polka dots. The food isn't half bad for what you pay Service isn't stellar normally I'm reminding them what comes with the meal and to make sure I get what I ordered.
4	This Del Taco is awesome! I usually go once a month to satisfy my craving and get the cheesy deal. For $4 and change its pretty good! The quesadillas are on the greasy side but not bad. I've always gotten good service sit-in (seeing their employees eat here during their break is a reassuring feeling) and through the drive-thru. Plus their churros are my fave, hands down.
1	Used to eat here frequently.Went in last night and my son pointed out a roach in the soda fountain.Last trip here. My wife about freaked.Health department verified the roaches living under the soda fountain, and in the employee room in back.They sprayed later that day supposedly.
1	After tonight, f--- del taco! First of all, the workers were acting sketchy right off the bat.. After buying my meal, i get half way through when i bite into a nice big piece of hair! So i call the location about 3-4 times, no voicemail available or anything, probably shaving someone's head for the next person who orders some food.. I will never go to this place again
1	Why zero stars is not a viable option is beyond me, because this Del Taco has earned exactly that. AVOID AT ALL COSTS.I used to eat at this restaurant frequently, loved the value, and for the price the food was pretty good. Service was typically a bit bad, but they lowered my expectations at this location long ago.However, even for me the end of the line was after seeing a group of small live ROACHES poking out from the drain at the soda fountain. YES LIVE ROACHES. Never seen this before in a restaurant, ever.  Left immediately and will not be back. A quick check of the Maricopa County health site revealed they have had 4 consecutive checks, all with LIVE GERMAN ROACHES all over the cooking side of this place and the soda fountain. So, unless a little unexpected crunch of insect protein is what you want in your fast food taco, I would not eat at this place. ZERO STARS.
5	The place seems good to me. I had no problems here. The food was good and cheap and the workers were friendly and polite.
4	Clean resteraunt chain that still puzzles me how they stay in business . But tryed there grilled chicken tacos for the first time and they were acually pretty good . What bothered me is they have signs out for taco Tuesday for .39 cent tacos but they said its only from 3-11 pm . Its TACO TUESDAY not taco 3-11pm ... But of you want cheap fast imitation mexican food its pretty good
