5	Although new on the scene in Fitchburg, EVP has established its self as the place to go for coffee in the area. They offer a great selection of freshly brewed coffee from around the world,which they roast in Madison at their East Washington location. These include such offerings as Colombian,Nicaraguan,Honduran,Costa Rican,Panamanian,Mexican,Peruvian,El Salvadorian,Brazilian,Ugandan,Ethiopian,Kenyan,Tanzanian AA, and Peaberry,East Timor,Sulawesi,New Guinea,Sumatran, Java, and a variety of decaf also. The Lattes here are always great, and it really seems like the barista/manager, Paul truly cares about giving you sa good drink for your hard earned cash. At $4.00 for a twenty oucne whole milk latte, its a great value. They use Girhadelli*(sp?) chocolate in their mochas, which are also awesome, and only $4.50 even for a twenty ounce. Thgey carry a full line of Rishi teas,greens,blacks,herbal,caf free, hot or iced,just specify. This is a really nice spot, and a great place to go relax in front of the fireplace in wintertime. Very quiet,very chill, very good quiet music, an overall 10. Good job Fitchburg for getting this place,lets hope you support it enough to keep it. :-) Also, it has free Wi-Fi,good pastries from La Brioche delevired daily, and homemade soups which are all vegetarian, and good. Soup is $4.00 and served with a big hunk of fesh sourdough bread. You can have it either there or to go. They also offer a bottomless cup of fresh brewed coffee for 2.75, and you can even leave and then come back later for another refill. If you bring your own mug/cup, you save $0.25 cents on any drink too,any day, all the time. Great deal for someone with some work to do on the laptop. Suck down the best coffee in Wisconsin for 6 hours, for only $2.75?!
5	Excellent coffee. EVP is my favorite in the Madison area! This new location has an expansive sitting area, a small children's play area with a chalkboard, free Wifi, and free parking. It is next door to the Little Gym and across the street from the new Fitchburg library, opening summer 2011.
5	The EVP in Fitchburg is hands down the best place in the region for coffee and conversation! And they have soups and sandwiches too, with fresh and honest ingredients. Love this place!
5	This is a wonderful coffee shop with a warm, open vibe and a great play area for children.  It is a great spot for lunch as they serve soup and sandwiches as well.  Check it out!
5	This is my favorite espresso cafe in the Fitchburg area.  High quality coffee, very nice chill atmosphere, and best of all, close to work.  Plus, they are locally owned and the owners are there regularly working, as well as supporting local artists.  Happy to support shops like this.
5	Excellent coffee.  Great lunch options.  High quality ingredients.  Fantastic service.  This local coffee shop is the type of place I like to support.
5	I need to stop in more.  I am usually in a rush and forget these folks are here, they're set back a little ways off Fish Hatchery road but, definitely worth the stop in.  Great coffee, convenient street parking right in front, and a really nice atmosphere.  Owners are quite friendly - support your local businesses!
5	Paul is great, knows a lot of his customers, great coffee selection.  Lunch was tasty, but I really only stop there in the morning.  Local yogurt in the case and pastries made in town...Bear Claw is outstanding.
5	This place is a well-kept secret. They have excellent coffees along with pastries and a wide sandwich selection. I have had the California BLT and really enjoyed it. Must be the avocado. I'll post a pic. The owners are very friendly and accommodating to whatever you would like. Visit sometime when you're not in a hurry. It's a quiet place with a homey atmosphere and free Wi-Fi. We always stop by when we are in Fitchburg.
5	This place is phemominal! First of all, it is a coffee shop that serves food over lunch hours. The coffee is decent but it's really the food and the service that make this place shine.All the sandwhiches on the menu are delicious and made with Boar Head's meat. The real gem are the Russian Dumplings called Pelmeni. These are meat and potato dumplings with melted butter, cilantro, curry powder, and spicy sauce, eaten with sour cream on the side. If you never had them, you are missing out! I probably go here at least once a week for the dumplings. Call ahead to see if they have them because they are so popular, sometimes they run out mid-week. All the ingredients are also local.The owners are great and I love supporting this local buisness! They also have free wifi and a children's play area. This place is worth the stop in.
5	I've been going here for awhile, since it's very close to work for me.  And I've loved it always.  They recently added sandwiches, soups and pelmeni around the lunch hour.  The sandwiches are clearly made with high-quality ingredients--I love the good, fresh bread.  The creamy tomato basil is incredible. Last time I was there, a woman actually bought a giant tub of it.  So I'm not the only one in love with that soup.  I tried the pelmeni dumplings for the first time on Friday, and devoured them.  In addition to wonderful coffee and food, the ambiance is really great and the staff are really kind and personable, especially the owner, Paul.  I love sitting out on their patio and sipping iced tea.
5	I have seen establishments come and go here in this neighborhood, but I know that EVP is here to stay!  Their coffee is great, their staff is friendly & fun, and their food is fabulous for a simple soup, sandwich, & dumpling offering.  They get busy over lunch, but the California BLT is worth the wait.  I could eat that sandwich every day!
5	Recently discovered this place.  Really great experience.Nice interior, interesting design.  Plenty of space.  Some nice big tables for a group of 6 and some cozy small spaces to sit back and browse the net or read a paper or good book.  Pleasant staff, patient, friendly.Very clean including the bathrooms.  Great coffee and great food.
5	EVP is an awesome coffee/lunch shop and unlike a lot of places, manages to get them both right. Their coffee is great, regardless of whether you're after a frou-frou drink or just a cup of fresh brewed, and I second the review that recommends their Pelmeni. Seriously- this is the best winter lunch ever. Soft, pillowy dough filled with potatoes or meat (or half of each), covered in butter, curry, hot sauce and/or sour cream. In warmer months, there's outdoor seating on their terrace, making it a great location for a weekday lunch and since it's generally shaded, you don't have to worry about going back to work sweaty.
5	Awesome.  Excellent.  Their Kenyan coffee is one of the best coffees I've ever had.  Plus they have cute little plants everywhere, so who doesn't like that?I was visiting someone in the area and discovered EVP.  Over a week I went here quite a few times and found the staff to be consistently really friendly and very helpful.  Their coffee is good and their food is good.  I've had espresso drinks, which were perfectly made, some of the food, and some of their medium roast coffees.The only negative thing I have to say is that some of their pastries aren't the greatest, but as far as I can tell those are ordered in from somewhere else.  Their stuff made in house is fabulous.  Also, don't go here and order regular coffee if you're in a hurry on a Saturday, or even a late morning.  A few times I went, they had run out of coffee and I had to wait for new batches to be brewed.  I didn't mind at all, but if you're in a rush, this could be a problem.  Overall, I don't think that these two negative aspects impact EVP's overall awesomeness.And for the love of god, order the pelmeni!  It's unique and really delicious.
4	Good consistent coffee.Better than Starbucks.  I love the Fitchburg location for space, ambiance, and service the best.Outdoor seating in the summer time.  The E. Wash EVP is a convenient location but I can think of some nicer places to hang out.
5	Went here on a Saturday morning after hearing about this place from the family that I am staying with this summer. Here are my thoughts:Parking- Street parking available right outsideDecor- Nice place, there are some comfy couches and ample tables and chairs available. There is also a large fireplace inside. Service: All of the folks at EVP coffee that I interacted with were caring and friendly!Coffee- I got the bottomless brew for $2.75. Unlimited coffee, and self serve. I tried 4 different kinds of coffee brews, a fruity organic ethiopian, a nicaraguan french roast, an italian dark roast, and one other which I forgot. All were pretty good!Food- I tried the Chipotel chicken sandwich, served with Stella's spicy jalapaneo cheese bread. It was pretty tasty!Overall, this is a nice place to get some work done and enjoy some good, local coffee.
1	The barista ignored me for 3 minutes, then finally turned to me and said, "ya". I ordered a 4 shot macchiato and explained how I wanted it and I ended up with a latte. Also ordered a chocolate chip scone and got a chocolate chip cookie, after I had to tell her 3 times.
5	I love this location. Coffee is always perfect. The owner and staff are wonderful and the food is so delicious. Awesome soups!
5	Fun atmosphere and excellent coffee. The cheese danish is not to be missed! I can pretty much guarantee a mediocre day if I don't stop here in the morning :)
5	One has to love the local cozy cafe lounge scene surrounded by tables where one can dine, lounge around on the laptop or read the newspaper. All the meals are locally prepared and that includes the special pelmeni on the menu that doesn't get much advertisement but is incredibly delicious. The patties look quite appetizing but I haven't had the hunger splurge to try them after lunch. Perhaps there's an early morning go at it someday.
5	This place might just have the best lunch sandwiches ever!  Friendly and accommodating to special dietary requests.  I also love that they use quality ingredients.  I will be back.
4	Good coffee, good food, good service! A very nice place with a pleasant patio, the staff is always friendly and they have a nice grab-a-cup/throw-money-in-the-box kind of deal in the mornings, genius!
2	Their version of a Cappuccino is a latte with some airy foam on top. Low selection of pastries.OK ambiance, but usually busy and difficult to find a place to sit.Wi-Fi available, but slow and unreliable...
