3	I've been a loyal Sephora shopper for years, and I still am. Usually I only buy online, but sometimes I actually like to go into a store when I'm looking for something untested. Unfortunately this is the only Sephora close by in central Pittsburgh.Unfortunately? Yes, you heard me right. Located on the narrow and notoriously pretentious Walnut Street this is Sephora is tiny and... pretentious. Maybe it comes with the location and the dress code, but every time I go to the Walnut St. Sephora I can't help but think that all their employees are judging me based on my clothes/age and are slyly watching to see if I'm going to steal something. They've been pretty inconsistent with their helpfulness, also.I'm not being super sensitive, but just as a warning if you're in your early 20's, not wearing a lot of make-up, and not dressed so nicely that day be prepared for some cold customer service from these ladies. Maybe they assume you don't have money? Maybe it's just me, but every time I go I forget to leave my motorcycle jacket at home.Bottom line: cold ladies, tiny store that carries the more popular stuff, but there is a larger and probably more friendly Sephora at Ross Park Mall. Professionals welcome.
3	Clean store and helpful employees. Great selection on fragrances,  cosmetics and skin care. A bit pricey but its for quality products so its worth the cost. 2 halloweens ago I went to a party as amy winehouse and they did my make up perfectly, I didn't even have an appointment, I just asked for tips on how to do it and they did it for me.
4	Pleasant staff & ample selection of even the exclusive lines and limited edition items. Tons of Tarina Tarantino and the most adorable Hello Kitty glam section. Where I live in Miami, FL., it is this type of stuff that flys off the shelf..it's nice to have a store with real inventory and options!
2	This has always been my least favorite Sephora store in Pittsburgh. Unfortunately, it is also the most convenient for me. I have never gotten the level of service here that I get at other Sephora stores, but the last time I was here, I had such a bad experience that I do not think I will be going back.This is the first time I have been in a Sephora and was not greeted or approached by one sales associate the entire time I was in the store, which is already pretty shameful. But to make matters worse, when I went to pull up an email coupon on my phone, an associate started arguing with me about its validity before I even showed it to her. When I explained the coupon, a perk from reaching V.I.B. status in their Beauty Insider program (you know, meaning, I spend way too much money at this store and should probably deserve a modicum of respect), her response was, "That doesn't exist. We don't accept email coupons, so you obviously read it wrong." I asked her to wait a minute while I found the email, and I would show it to her. She crossed her arms, rolled her eyes, and, her voice dripping with sarcasm, she said, "Okay, please do." I wanted to walk out of the store so bad at this point, but I needed some foundation ASAP! So, I showed her my email, and she said, "I don't know what this is. I'm going to need to call a manager." I get having a strict coupon policy, but she was just flat out rude throughout the entire interaction. Her manager, of course, told her that it worked on in-store purchases and all she had to do was scan the barcode. I have no idea why she was so incredulous of my coupon, but the incident and the lack of apology from the associate really turned me off from this store.I will give it two stars because it has a decent selection of brands, even for the small space, but I will go out of my way to avoid this particular store. The associates at Ross Park and South Hills Village are friendly, knowledgable, and helpful. Their Shadyside counterparts need a serious attitude check.Update: I had written to Sephora about the poor experience described in my last review and got a personal apology from the Shadyside Store Manager. She also sent me a $25 giftcard. This was EXTREMELY generous since I really didn't ask for anything and just wanted to let them know about the issue (as a retail manager myself, I would want someone to tell me if my associate was rude!). Sad to say, I still really don't want to shop here when there are other Sephoras in the area, but take my review for what it is--one person's experience.
4	This location is very small compared to other Sephoras but I have always had such great service whenever I do go. I'm usually in my workout clothes after coming back from the gym so really not presentable but that hasn't affected my experiences. The employees at this location are always so helpful in educating me on how to apply makeup, and choosing and recommending colors that work well for my skin tone. My latest trips have included picking out a shade of red lip stick and picking out a self tanner. The goodness of Sephora is that you can spend hours on end testing product however for someone like me I need guidance, like a lot. I have been to other locations where the employee will basically tell me that I am on my own and when I get service like that I make a beeline to the MAC counter at the department stores because they will help me but this hasn't been the case with all the times I've gone to the Shadyside location.
2	Not sure what is it about this location, but it's small, the people that work here are super unfriendly and the service here is horrible! I came here shopping with my bf's little sisters, and I wanted a volumizing mascara that would give me a fake-lash look. When I asked the woman at the counter, she looked at me as if I were crazy and had no idea what I was talking about... Then she brought me a "mascara expert," who also looked at me with confusion. The awkwardness continued as she told me about 3 favorite mascaras and when I said "great, thanks" she stood there a little too close to me, then asked "well uh... u don't need me to put it on for you right?" in a somewhat condescending, rude, and supremely awkward way. I'm like... what is going on here. Sephora twilight zone. When I finally have the opportunity to try the mascaras on myself, another employee was standing a few feet away, watching me like a hawk. I saw her just staring at me out of the corner of my eye. I guess it's fine to watch your customers, but perhaps she could have been a little more discrete. Finally, I settled on a mascara sampler kit, but the one I was given had a broken seal. When I went to pay for my item, I asked the sales associate if I could have a new/unopened kit. She also looked at me as if she didn't know what I was talking about. When I explained that the seal was broken and showed her that, she very rudely scoffed, "well sometimes the seals bend over." I kindly asked her if she would please look to see if there was another one that didn't have a broken seal. It's your job to help the customer. She looked so angry having to go and check, I almost wanted to just leave, and I really would have if the kit weren't such a great deal (that is where the 2 stars comes from). When she finally came back and I paid for the item, she refused to look at me... I paid and got out of there as quickly as I could. Please don't spend your money at the Shadyside Sephora!
4	This Sephora is definitely smaller than any Sephora I've been to, but given that it's in the city, I'm not surprised. I got great service here the other day. My lady was super friendly and took the time to answer all of my questions and make sure I didn't have any further concerns. Based on this kind of customer service, I'll definitely be back (had some unpleasant experiences at the Sephora in Ross Park Mall which left me almost in tears!). The only downside is that they close at 7pm on several nights. I'm guessing this is the trend for most places on Walnut Street though.
5	Everyone that works here are very helpful..
3	I have been a loyal and hardcore Sephora shopper for years now, and I am always pleased with the service I've received in stores around the country. My review is based on a few things, but primarily the lack of selection at this *very* small store. This shopping area is such a great spot for a huge Sephora, but instead it's pretty small and lacks a lot of the new goodies I wanted. I was able to find a Nylon OCC Lip Tar though, and those are hard to find lately! The reason I went into this Sephora today was to make a large return. My mom gifted me a bunch of skincare for my birthday, and it wrecked my skin. I didn't have a receipt of course, and the products were partially used. The lady who processed my return was curt but didn't give me any trouble. It was a pretty painless process, and I am relieved I was able to unload the products that caused me so much trouble! For this reason, this store gets 5 stars for customer service. THANK YOU to the Shadyside staff for being so accommodating. Unfortunately, my main location for Sephora purchases will be online or at the Ross Park location due to poor selection. Even the Sephora in JCPenney in Monroeville has better choices.
1	If you can drive out to the Ross Park location or shop online, I'd recommend it. There is not a lot of selection in this store and the salespeople are soooo pushy. I've gone in a couple times asking for recommendations and, instead of giving me a few options at various price points based on my specifications, they always pick one expensive product and try to badger me into it. The funny thing is I'm often happy to buy a more expensive product, particularly when it comes to skincare, if it has good, natural ingredients and is right for my skin type but the sales people don't really listen to that. I went in asking for a natural, sulfate-free cleanser recommendation and was immediately handed one of the most expensive cleansers in the store where one of the first two ingredients was sodium laureth sulfate. Either you don't know your product or your just trying to sell me the most expensive thing you can find. Anyway...this store leaves a bad taste in my mouth. If you have to shop there, make sure to do your research first. Do not rely at all on salesperson recs. One positive: I had a great experience with a particular sales associate, Kim, when she did my makeup for an event. I've found that Sephora tends to give you drag queen makeup even if you ask for a natural look and she did something really pretty instead.
4	I recommend Amanda from Shadyside Sephora if you are looking for a make over or suggestions to update your make up. I found Amanda to very attentive, she quickly rushed around the store to find the perfect products for me. She would do one half of my face and then I would put on the other half so I knew how to put on the make up. The only bummer is the make up desk is squeezed into a tiny corner of the store which can become quite congested with 4 or 5 people looking at themselves around a tiny make up desk.
2	Maybe I"ve been spoiled by the customer service at other Sephora stores but this has to be the first time I've walked into a Sephora without getting a Hello or Do you need any help. If anything I felt ignored by the sale associates that were just wandering around the store, talking with each other.
4	This is one of my favorite Sephora locations. It's close proximity to other stores I enjoy on Walnut Street makes it a frequent stop for me. The selection is always fantastic, and the staff is generally very helpful.The last time I was in, the sales associate encouraged me to try the Urban Decay tinted moisturizer because I was looking for light coverage, but something moisturizer to help my skin during winter. I couldn't be more pleased with the product! It's my new go-to moisturizer, and it will be perfect for summer as well. Highly recommend.If you're looking for suggestions for new products, or are in a funk with your makeup routine, definitely stop by this Sephora.
5	I heart sephora! This is a relative small store when compared to one in a mall but I enjoy shopping on walnut more than I do in the mall so I love this location. I've gotten a one on one session and left with a heavy bag full of things I knew looked good on me. If you join the beauty insider you get these appointments for free. The session that I scheduled was during a super sale- while others were waiting to talk to one the of sale associates I had someone helping me exclusively. I was in and out with everything I wanted and a makeover. I find the employees here very helpful and patient. Returns are a breeze and they will order for you if something is out of stock. Save your points for the 500 point gifts for really nice samples.
5	Mini-make over review:For my birthday this year, I received a $50 gift card for Sephora. A bonus when you spend $50 on one purchase is that you are eligible for a free mini-make over, which can be scheduled online in advance. My make-up artist was MIchelle - she was brilliant!  She managed to create the exact look I was after.  The colors she chose as well as the various base products worked well with my skin. There is no pressure to buy everything they use and if you are not happy with something or want a slightly different shade they are more than happy to accommodate your request.  She was all about making sure I was happy.  I came out with slightly more than $50 worth of delightful beauty treats but no complaints here!Prior to visiting Sephora, if you know you'll be spending $50 then I highly recommend  booking in for the mini-makover!  Who doesn't love a little bit of pampering just because?!
5	Wow, what a great experience. This was one of the few times I've been in a Sephora as I like make up, but never try new products, etc often! After buying cheap red lipstick bc I wanted to make sure I'd like the color, I decided I want to spend money on nice lipstick. Typically I'm a lip gloss low key lip girl. I went in and Jean was so incredibly helpful and fun with the shopping process. She gave me great tips on how to apply it, helped me pick out a great color which had all the 'color experts' saying how good I looked and went over all the different lipstick options with me. These ladies know how to make you feel good and sell the exact product you're looking for. I defiantly plan on going back when in need of another beauty adventure!
