4	we went a night or two after they opened.  the interior is very neat, it should have been since it cost almost 9m to make the space.  I love the bar staff very friendly and beautiful.  i ordered let the server order me a steak and it was perfect (the rib).  the rest of the party steaks were not cooked to their liking but still enjoyed them.  you must try the ice cream cake... AMAZING
2	I must say I was quite disappointed with the fact that the restaurant does NOT take reservations for dinner after 6pm on weekdays/weekends.So your reservations are only valid if you dine between 5-6pm.  So I took the chance to go without a reservation, and the end result was a 45 minute wait(Standing!)Keep in mind this was only for a table of two people. The hostess was not very helpful.Why this location is NOT open for lunch on weekdays, is quite surprising while the others such as The Keg downtown Montreal does provide lunch! I'm not impressed with restaurant that has this good of a reputation(In other locations!)My suggestion, if you don't mind the extra drive, you're better off going to the one situated in downtown Montreal.
3	Surprised they don't take reservations. Food was good but you must be a steak lover to fully enjoy the experience. I am not big on steak but figured I should still have that since it's what they are most famous for. It was quite nice my manhattan ny cut. Will not be going back as I am not a true beef fan and being that prices are on the higher end.:.
5	Honestly, I wasn't expecting much but I was surprised how perfectly my steak (rib eye) was cooked and how tender and not overly seasoned.  Place was packed and had to sit by the bar, but the chatty waitresses made up for any inconvenience. ..if any.Comparable to 40 ouest without the price tag and fake people.
2	Love the decor and ambience, and the scallops and bacon app was delicious, but the cocktails were watered down heavily with melted chipped ice and large ice cubes (even when I asked for very little ice in my manhattan). Next time, I'm ordering at the bar to watch them pour the two ounces. My wife's rye and ginger was served with flat ginger ale. C'mon guys, what's up with that?
5	Came for our 14th anniversary food was excellent service was great and the restaurant is beautiful and you dont even know that is attached to Fairview shopping center.
