5	Glad this place opened! So close to my office too. Their bread is amazing.... so are their muffins and scones. Basically everything thats bad for you to indulge in "carbwise"... but they are health conscious as well.  They get their whole wheat from family farms in Montana so that is a great selling point and statement about what they stand for.Their lunch sandwiches are pretty darn good.  There aren't any tables and chairs, so it's a dash in and out type set up... but there's a bar in the corner and four stools to take a load off while waiting for your order.  I ended up eating there.The staff is super friendly and know a lot about their products... it's a tough job since their recipes keep rotating on a seasonal basis.
5	Got a loaf of Cinnamon Chip bread from here which is great toasted. Saving the rest for the weekend and planning to make french toast with it. Can't wait to try their sandwiches!
3	One of my friends raved about this place so I had to try it out.  I got a loaf of American Rye.  Now, on the one hand, this place does supposedly keep its bread recipes simple without all sorts of additive junk, and they supposedly grind their own wheat right there.  So that's a plus.  The bread I bought tasted really fresh, and had a strong caraway flavor which I like in my rye.  But on the other hand, the crust was limp and soft like grocery store bread-in-a-bag.  It's not bread geek bread.  It doesn't have any chew to it other than what you'd get by toasting it.  I guess it depends what you want in a bread.  This bread rates way above the grocery store, but way below what you'd get at Sunflour or Nova's.
5	Like delicious fresh baked bread?  this is the place. Have a family member that is gluten sensitive?  they have gluten free breads as well (available on Tuesdays) . So far we have tried a honey wheat, multigrain, tuscan herb and the gluten free cinnamon. All have been delicious.  So spend the extra dollar or so compared to the grocery store, you'll be glad you did.
5	Locally owned baking place.... Made freshly everyday.... They sell what they bake today only... Good breakfast place..  They serve sandwichs, tea cake, muffins, different varities of bread... This is located next to trader joes....
5	I eat lunch here often and the food is AWESOME!  Amazing fresh baked bread for the sandwiches, yummy salads, soups...healthy fresh ingredients, beautiful baked goods that make a great gift. Prices are great!
4	We tend to drop by here whenever we make the trek to Trader Joes.  I've never tried any of the sandwiches but read good things in other reviews.  Our favorite bread is hands down the cinnamon chip.  It's like dessert for breakfast.  Very good slathered in butter (But then, what's not good slathered in butter!).  Don't come expecting artisanal breads but do come expecting much better than your local Harris Teeter bakery fare.On the whole cinnamon chip bread thing, it's good that Great Harvest isn't closer to home.  My waistline appreciates it...
4	Not too many of these businesses around. If you're a health nut, I urge you to try this place out. Absolutely one of the better places to get a healthy meal. Great menu, great homemade bread. Their Mediterranean sandwich is my favorite. The service is very decent and everyone that has rung up my order previously has been the utmost friendly.My only complaint, which is more a recommendation, is the venue. I know they are more a bakery, and I'm sure as they are just starting out the space is appealing financially, but they really need a little more space for dine-in.
5	The bakery is small but impressive, especially for bread shop like theirs.  My husband and I walked in not really knowing what to expect.  We got their late in the day so there wasn't much selection, but we got a loaf of their cinnamon chip bread.  The loaf was gone in two days.  Needless to say I went back and got 2 more for our family.  Clean location, well maintained, great staff & service, definitely get there early to get the best selection of products.Oh!  They also offer tastings as well.  :)
5	8/13/13Went for a walk intending to shop at Trader Joe's and to check out Curry 'n Cakes (previously Cakes 'N Flakes), when I noticed there was a Great Harvest Bread next door to TJ's!  (I've bought bread from a couple of franchises in AZ years ago.)  I dutifully checked in to Great Harvest and entered the store to see if there were any bread loaves and sweet treats I could buy after shopping at TJ's.  It was great to see smiles on both of the employees manning the front.  One of them asked if she could help me and readily obliged when I asked to see the book of ingredients so that I may know which non-allergenic varieties I could take home with me.  The space was small, but cheerful and inviting.  (There were even a few tables to accommodate dining patrons!)This store will be on my regular rotation whenever I visit The Queen City.
5	We've tried a couple of things here. Spinach feta bread is amazing and some kind of maple iced scone is also good. Loved everything I've tried here, will definitely be back to try a sandwich during lunch. Ladies working were quite friendly and they have samples up front to try before buying. I recommend stopping in.
5	I always thought it was silly to have a bread place next to Trader Joes, but I was hungry and stopped in before shopping. The counter woman was great? Friendly and offered a sample of their hummus bread, which was great; she also knew when to walk away and let me think about what I wanted. I ordered the chicken salad salad and it was great. White meat, celery and candied pecans with not too much mayo on a bed of lettuce with a side of spinach tomato bread, all for $8. The apricot bread and salted caramel bar were equally good.
1	I don't understand the hype surrounding Great Harvest. Their breads are dense,  undercooked, and have a doughy inside. I make better bread at home and for a fraction of the cost.  For $6 a loaf, I expect this bread to knock my socks off. It doesn't.
5	Perfect for lunch or just for a loaf of a bread. I ordered the Mediterranean sandwich and it was amazing. Everything taste very fresh. I also had the tomato bisque which was delicious. I ate every drop. I also tried the cinnamon bread which was pretty good. Makes great French toast for breakfast. The employees were very nice and patient while I ordered. They answered all my questions and were knowledgeable about the different choices. Great food if you're looking for a healthy lunch or loaf of fresh baked bread!
5	Good sandwiches! The only thing I feel is its a little expensive than what it's worth! The food is undoubtedly good.
