5	This is our "go to" butcher since the beef he sells is grass fed, hormone & antibiotic free, and locally raised.  He will get you any cut of meat you need with just a phone call or 24 hours notice if it's not already in the case.  The chicken breasts sold here are gigantic.  I bought a whole fryer for coque au vin and the pieces were so large, it barely fit into the dutch oven.  He even chopped up the fryer for me, since I figured I'd amputate a finger trying to do it myself at home.I need to amend my review... two Sundays ago, I needed a 4 lb chuck roast and it was 5:05PM... after closing at What's Your Beef... but I decided to tap on the window JUST IN CASE someone was still there.  The co-owner was still there.. he opened up, sold me the cut of beef I needed and let me know anytime the case is still lit up, he's open for business!
5	Excellent place - meet is fresh and the owner has the best fresh logs of mozarella cheese. I tried their beef, pork, and other cuts alll very good.
4	Great source for local meat, also very friendly with some very awesome prices.  Meat is all grass fed, so it won't have the same marbling that you might usually expect.  But he will go out of his way to get whatever cut you want.
5	If you are in the market for good quality meat, that has a great flavor... then this is the place for you!The guys here know their craft.  They are not the normal grocery store meat attendants, they actually really have a passion for good meat and it shows in the knowledge and their guidance.  Since I stumbled upon Whats Your Beef, I have had a hard time going ANYWHERE else for meat.  Need a special grind or cut? Call them the day before and request it, then all you have to do is walk in and pick up your product! Ive had orders of their chili grind from 2lbs to 14lbs and they have always come through with a smile on their face!You definitely won't be disappointed, in fact you might even enjoy your steak a little bit more!
5	We got some apple smoked chicken sausages - absolutely delicious !!!! Great flavor
5	The bottom line: If you are serious about meat and love your food, this is where you need to go.From hard-to-find cuts, to more exotic meat and with great service, I am really happy to have found "What's Your Beef".
5	If you're looking for fresh, local meat in the area, this is this place.  I had seen the place many times but did not realize all their meat comes from a Union County farm.  I stopped in and got a big steak for NYE dinner, and it was delicious.  The guy working (maybe the owner) said to put only salt and pepper on it and that was the right call.  The price was reasonable for the quality of steak.  They also have package deals available, similar to Omaha Steaks, but the meat is far superior here.
3	Hello friends,I guess I like this place somewhat since I've been here a few times over the last few weeks. In my search to find a place that doesn't sale the same ol run of the mill meats. I visit this place. Very clean place. They are very good and meats are as good as one may find. They work with locals that's on the organic tip. A few guys (from New York) work the place. Deli style set up to the right where you can see some Chicken Sausage, Cowboy Steaks, Boston Butts, Ground Meats, Franks, etc. To the left its about 3 or 4 look in freezers (a la grocery stores) located inside of those you will find Duck, Rabbit, maybe Bison, more Chicken etc. On the wall by that is a list of the different meats the have and/or can order for you. On the wall on the right up top are package deals. I was unable to find the different kind of meat I'm looking for here, but I know what they Do have and that's cool too. TTFN
5	We were in the area today and happened to go into What's Your Beef. We picked up a couple of steaks, and all I can say is they were absolutely outstanding. They were tender, juicy, and flavorful. It would appear to be costly but you get a real cut of meat and dollar for dollar compared to local grocery stores you really are not paying anymore for great quality. Not to mention the service was outstanding and we will be back for sure.
4	Show me the Beef!Heard about What's Your Beef from a friend and decided to head out to the area on the weekend.The location is near some other shops and restaurants, withing a plaza. The space itself was very clean. They had a good selection and if you couldn't find something in the case they have a wall with a list of different meats you can order from them.I grabbed some THICK cut bacon, both regular and maple flavored, and cooked that up. My apartment smelled like syrup, simply divine. Really meaty and full of flavor. I also picked up 6 cheddar-bacon-mushroom burgers for the grill, and let me tell you - -YUMMY!I will be back for more meat  in the future - maybe a fancy steak or the fresh sausages infused with herbs and pure goodness!.
4	I've always wanted to visit What's Your Beef - but I never got a chance to visit until now. The shop is very clean and inviting.  The different cuts of meat are nicely presented and the service is great. They offer a great freezer plan - I would've loved to take advantage of it but my little freezer is already packed full! But if you're looking for a specific cut of meat and they don't have it - they'll get it for you - you just need to give them a heads up. I really didn't know what I wanted but I ended up with the double cut pork chops and breakfast sausage patties.  My hubby and I ended up having the pork chops for dinner the next night and oh my, they were really good.  They were flavorful! I meant to fry up the sausage patties but I never got around to doing that so they are in the freezer waiting for me.  I now know where to get quality meats in South Charlotte! I think I might even try some of the game meats on my next visit. Their hours are Monday - Friday: 11 am - 7 pm; Saturday: 9 am - 6 pm; and Sunday: 11 am - 5 pm.
3	Nice little meat shop if you're in the area. The hours are a bit off, as they are not a traditional store in the normal sense, so you might need to have luck on your side to find them open, but if you get the chance, they are definitely worth a stop.The selection is not the same as, say, The Meat House, but that doesn't mean that the product within is inferior - just that the selection isn't as wide. Also make sure that you get there early, because with such a small place, they might not have what you want if you wait too long!
5	The best Veal chops! Rob & Vick are awesome, great customer service exceptional meat at a great price. After numerous research on the best humane free range grass fed meats I discovered "What's your beef" you've gained yourself another loyal customer.
5	The freshest, local meat and the customer service is on point! The prices are average compared to large markets, but the quality is above average and you can taste it!
5	This is a hidden gem. Best place in town. They also have unbelievable stacked sandwiches and boars head cold cuts cheaper than the grocery store.
5	Honestly hands down best meat.   Their bacon will ruin you.   Never frozen fresh whole chickens not stuffed with fillers is insane.   Best lunch meat prices for boars head in town.
4	My husband and I were grilling with our friends one weekend and wanted to do something we've never done before, which is get beef from a butcher. It's kind of strange that we've never been here seeing as we live down the road and frequently visit Five Guys, Tony's and Duckworth's. We walked in, with no idea what we wanted other than steak. I'm not sure if he was having a bad day, and I know it was not the owner who dealt with us, but the guy behind the counter just seemed to be annoyed by us. That we didn't know what we wanted. When we picked something out he said that they were out, and the owner was the one who actually spoke up from the back and said they had something else, that was not only less expensive but more tender. The meat was $7.99/lb so when we tried to order 2 lbs, the other guy said they only sell by the piece. That's fine, but when we told him that we were going to feed 5 people it was like pulling teeth to get him to tell us the average person eats 1/2 a lb. We decided on 2 pieces which made for around 4 lbs. We had plenty of meat, and it was delicious cooked! When we were walking out we found out that all of the meat is local, grass fed, no fillers or chemicals, just happy animals, too bad nobody told us while we were up to the counter. I just know they can do better, I've talked to others, and read the reviews, so I will chalk it up to a bad day from the one gentleman.
3	Still top notch food products, but something seems to have changed with this stores attitude.  Over the past few times I have purchased meat (of which they have the best meat in the area), their attitude towards wanting to provide a great experience over-all seemed to be lacking... A LOT. They have a great thing going for them, but I feel that they need to remember that the only reason they are in business is for the patrons, that come in and purchase their products, and treat them with a little more respect and a smile wouldnt be bad either.
5	Great place! Friendly staff, manager and owner was even there working. Love it. This is my regular meat place. You have to try the smoked pork chops. Prices are excellent as well. Fresh and local couldn't ask for more!
1	I can't comment on the quality of the meat because due to the poor attitude of the staff, we purchased nothing from here. When my husband tried to inquire on the price of a specific cut off meat, the guy at the counter was very curt with us, acting as if we were bothering him. He pointed to where the price was (difficult to see because of the people standing in front of it), and stalked off.  Obviously our business was not wanted. No problem. We won't set foot in there again.
5	I love this place.  I cook semi-professionally and anytime I need meat this is where I go.  They can ever order you something they don't normally carry with 24 hours notice (fresh off the farm - never frozen).  The owner is very helpful and always gives recommendations if I'm stuck on what to serve.  Plus they have a section in their freezer with stuff for your dogs, so my pup always gets a treat too!
3	I was bummed when Meat and Fish Co. left 7th Street Public market and was pleased to see the signs showing that a different butcher was coming in.  While they don't do seafood which I miss, the variety and quality of meats sold is good so, 4-5 stars in terms of product.I do have a beef..... hahahaha, get it....? Beef!  OK, I know that was lame but still.... My beef seems to be shared by some other reviewers and it's around the service side of the business.  Surly is the best word I can come up with and that's what I got when I tried to pay the dude a compliment related to the quality of the meat I had purchased a couple weeks before.  Heaven help me if had come with a complaint.  Maybe it's a hungover morning, not hungover morning kind of deal that drives what you get.  Who knows.All said though, if I'm visiting the market for some Pure Pizza or BAR Chocolate and want some protein to cook up for din din, I won't hesitate to buy from here again.
4	At last!  A real butcher shop.  The people are as authentic as is the operation and offerings.You can get anything that has two or four legs.  On the wall is a chart with all the things you can get by category.  Just ask for what you want and they will have it the next day.We gave a trial with their smoked bacon, the only bacon they have and it is thick cut, lightly smoked and clean tasting.  You don't pick up the salty chemical taste common in the super market bacons.And their Italian sausage is outstanding.  The hot WAS HOT!  We orders both the mild and hot for stuffed bell peppers prepared both and ended up mixing up both and still the hot came through.  Very flavorful.They were accommodating over 350 turkey orders for Thanksgiving customers, so it was clear that the word is out.  And if you doubt that, look at the wall behind the counter and take in the mosaic of orders posted there.Will be ordering a favorite of mine, ox tails, which will be fresh and not looking yucky in a vacuum sealed bag like at the super market.These guys are the real thing and althought prices are a bit higher than a market, you know it is fresh and you can get the cuts you want the way you want them cut.
5	Going to five stars!  I was excited to find a real butcher, but was not solidly sure just how real this butcher was until my last order:  ox tails.For those of you who know, ox tails are somewhat regularly available at super markets in small quantities.  In some horrid cases, they are vacuum packed and look totally awful. I never bought those, but did some celo packed tails.Well, I ordered 3 pounds.  Lots of bone, so wanted more so I could accommodate the fat and waste usually found with them.  I was stunned, absolutely blown away when I duped out my 3.23 pound order and found the ox tails absolutely clean, dressed and ready to be seared and cooked!  Not only were they uniformly cut to 1 - 1.5 inch segments, but the bone dust had been rinsed off by the butcher, and this is the difference between a meat cutter and a butcher, but he had run each segment around the band saw so as to cut off the fat!Amazing!  This brought back fond memories from growing up in the 1950s when we had neighborhood butchers who did everything custom and bakeries what cut and boxed your bread, tying the box with string.  Professional was the word over mass production.We have loved their hot Italian sausages and a variety of steaks, so have found our meat supplier going forward.You just have to try these guys.  The owners do the work and run the shop.  They can order whatever you want and have it in within a couple of days, or sometimes the next day.Treat yourself and enjoy quality for a change.
1	Well, I've thought long and hard about this and really feel that the ethical thing to do here is to report what I know about What's Your Beef and its owner, Vic. I was a vegetarian for a few years and started adding meat back into my diet when I learned about this shop. I was pleased with the idea that my meat was humanely raised, grass-fed with no added hormones. Also, as a person whose passion is food, I enjoyed working with the knowledgeable staff to get exactly the cuts I wanted for what I was making.HOWEVER, the week after Thanksgiving (2014) I found out that the meat is NOT what we have been told. Vic has been purchasing his meat from Restaurant Depot, Sam's Club, and Harris Teeter and then repackaging it. The ground bison he sells is actually sirloin. The meatloaf mix is not pork and beef, it's turkey and beef. The asiago chicken spinach sausages we fell in love with actually comes from Harris Teeter (By the hot dogs. Go look, purchase, cook and taste them.). The Road Island Red chicken I bought so often at $3.99/lb actually came from Sam's Club, where he paid $.98/lb and then repackaged. Did the meat taste great? Absolutely. But remember...food is my passion. So I used all my skills to carefully cook meat that I thought was precious...both in quality and price. I do admit I've never bought the bison from Vic. I buy Carolina Bison from HT when I want that. How did I find out about all of this? My son worked for Vic for a few months ending the week after Thanksgiving. He came to the shop each day after the meat had been brought into the store and unwrapped. He never knew until Vic confided in him that all this was going on. Vic was moving into a new house and needed my son to pick up the meat. He gave him a grocery list and sent him to Restaurant Depot, Sam's Club, and HT to get everything. My son enjoyed working at What's Your Beef, and learned a lot of good butchery skills. He was not pleased being paid in cash in an envelope, but he needed the job desperately after he separated from the Army during the summer. After a time he asked Vic about being put on the payroll, and Vic said, "No one is on the payroll. Everyone is paid in cash. If you don't like it, you can leave."I fully realize this review can sound like so many sour grapes. However, ask yourself this: Why doesn't the website or Vic advertise where he gets the meat from? If he really uses great purveyors for his meat, you'd think he'd have their names all over his store and website. Take a look at the Peach Stand in Fort Mill. If you talk to their butchers, they will tell you exactly how to trace your purchase back to the source. Their website also has a complete list of local sources for all their products. If I am completely wrong about this, I will do what I can to take this review down. But I challenge you, the consumer, and Vic, the owner of What's Your Beef, to put his money where his mouth is. Show us where you get these products. And if you are not selling what you say you, then shame on you.
1	My wife and I were religious patrons of Vic's. I have had a lot of good meat from here but it seems they have lost touch with why they have done well; customer service  and integrity. I went to get some ribeye today to make some Korean food and asked if they could slice it for me. They said they would need to freeze it before they could slice it. Understandable but the attitude I got was not deserved. I believe the comment was "you should have called me this morning". I didn't mind coming back so I was told two hours. I was cool with that. After I left my wife told me to just buy the meat and she would freeze it a cut it herself. When I went back to get the meat the two prices I selected somehow became three. After looking at the meat they switched out a prime cut I picked for two extremely fatty brown (closed to spoiled meat). Classic bait and switch. They should know that people have choices and social media is a tool that can hurt business. Think twice about trusting them and taking their word. It takes years to gain customer loyalty and seconds to lose it.
