3	Cool concept. Unfortunately nothing fit me. Also there was a 1/2 off sale the day I went which made prices reasonable. I don't think I would pay the tag price for anything I saw.
5	Revolve is an awesome place and one of very few Mens consignment shops on the east coast. They have amazing brands that are very hard to find. I recently bought a Canali suit and a pair of Rock & Republic jeans for an unbeatable price. Whether youre looking for dress shirts, t- shirts, jeans, suits or shoes, I would highly recommend Revolve to anyone!
4	OK, sometimes it's not all about the money. Sometimes you really want a clean, curated selection and you find that at Revolve Charlotte. It's an upscale men's consignment shop, but how many of us refashion menswear for a sexy and unique look? I know I do!
4	While I really love shopping for myself (I know, selfish)...I also enjoy shopping for others, especially my dear husband. In comes Revolve!With oodles of upscale, consigned shoes, shots, shirts, ties and accessories this place is a whole new kind of man cave. The owner, Amy, is extraordinarily sweet and welcoming and is always present to help you find what you're looking for!Obviously the brands change often but I saw everything from Zegna to Banana Republic, Etro, Taylor Bird and plenty of brands in between. Sales happen often, so there's always a good chance of taking home a solid score. Be sure to check out the array of shoes and accessories too...there's a sweet Michael Kors watch there just waiting for a manly wrist!
5	This is a cool store in a great house in Dilworth!  If stores could be Married this is the Husband of Monarch.  Revolve is the store of clothes for the guys. The prices may shock you (though still a fraction of what you could get these styles on sale racks) for recycled clothing though it is all in great condition and it is only the styles that they know will sell!The ladies working here are very friendly and helpful.  If they can handle me you'll be just fine here!
5	I recently took off 37 pounds and 17 inches and can finally fit into designer brands!   WHOOHOO! I was out shopping for new clothing and I passed this place and had to turn around.  She had a Zenga Suit out on a manequin!  My kind of place.I went in and looked around and was greeted by the owner and offered a beverage.  I was only expecting to do a recon of the place as I was planning on bringing a good friend back (my stylist) to help me pick out clothing when I spotted the briefcase that I had been looking for but couldn't seem to pull the trigger on as it was upwards of $350.  The price at REVOLVE was $39.99.  SOLD!I came back the next day with my stylist in tow and she found a 3 button bespoke quality suit with fabric made exclusively for Ermenegildo Zenga for less than $200. DONE!ddc
5	Great selection of awesome men's designers and excellent customer service every time!
5	Love this store.Always receive compliments on what I'm wearing and happy to tell people about Revolve.  Why pay full price???  Check it out!
4	Do I need recycled designer clothes for men? Nope. Is this place awesome? Uh, yeah.Such a cute little store conveniently located on East Blvd. Shirts, suits, jeans, shoes, accessories. Fellas, here's your place to find upscale fashion... without paying designer prices.Owner Amy is an absolute doll. She's so nice and will put a smile on anyone's face. Heck, I almost bought something because she's that captivating. But then I snapped out it and realized, oh yeah I don't need a man's pocket square. Stop in often to check out new arrivals and be on the look out for sales. Bonus: make sure to check in on Yelp for a discount.
