3	Stayed here for friend's bachelor party because of the reasonable weekend rate for a 2 bedroom suite ($199/nt, slept 6 comfortably).  It's location is excellent, right next door to Bellagio and across from Paris and Aladdin and not a bad walk to a bunch of other better spots.  No casino here, pool is very minimal, but still ok for an hour of sunning.  Mostly time-share types here.  Free internet in the lobby.  Toilet in the room didn't fit well in the bathroom so you had to hold the seat up to take a piss which was annoying.  Refrigerator didn't get quite cold enough.  In all, it was satisfactory, but I'd only stay here if it was a great deal.  However, I do think it is a better alternative to the Imperial Palace, the other ghetto lodging option on the strip, if the prices are the same to the two.
4	I know what your thinking ... " The Jockey what? and where?" I had the same questions, up until I discovered it for myself.This hotel is has a prime location, on the strip smack next door to the Belagio! Its a non-gaming hotel, with nothing extravagant to rave about. It has all the basics needed for some wild weekend fun.The suites include a full kitchen and (for most) a killer view of theBellagio water show.The prices are more than affordable, this makes it great for large groups. Some of the amenities provided are, free internet in the lobby, basic hairdryer, tv, full kitchen, etc.  If your looking to lounge around the pool and catch some rays, you just might be a bit disappointed. The pool is small and almost resembles that of an apartment house pool. If your looking for wild pool action, this pool is not for you. However, if your looking to hideaway in a "modest" pool, then look no further.I love this hotel. Great for groups and excellent locale.
4	Value, value, value.  For the price of a room at most other places on the strip, you get a full on suite at the Jockey Club.  That suite comes complete with kitchen, pull out couch, multiple toilets, and decor that must be at least 40 years old.  Is it musty and tired looking?  Yes.  Does the majority of the clientel fit that description as well?  Yes.  Is it still a getto fabulous place to crash in the dead smack middle of the strip?  Damn yes.Bonus points for not having any gambling.  Its kinda nice to walk to your room without having to deal with the incessant lights and sound of 5 am gamblers.   Not that I've ever been one of those losers.  Uh.  Yeah.  Lets move on.  Go Jockey Club!!!
4	My friend told me about this place a couple of months ago and now I will not stay any where else. Its not because its super cool/ nice like the Bellagio or the Wynn. Its all about the location and the price.The jockey club is located next to the Bellagio and directly across the street from Planet Hollywood (formally known as The Aladdin). I have not found a better deal on the entire strip than this place. Every room is a suite, with a small kitchen, and living area. I have had 12 people stay in one room with no problem, it ended up costing us $20 a person for 2 nights on the weekend.Its currently under construction so they only allow 1 valeted car per room. Everyone else had to park in the Planet Hollywood parking structure.
4	not bad for a friend's time share. we shared a two-bedroom among 6 people. nice pool.
5	Just got back from a trip with my friends and we HIGHLY recommend the Jockey Club.  We rented our unit through this site -http://www.lasvegasrental.org/ - and everything was perfect.  Despite the building being a bit underwhelming, our unit was awesome with brand new furniture, a huge TV, all totally remodeled by the owner recently.  Having your own place with a bit of extra room and a full kitchen with windows that opened and no casino smoke made a night and day difference for us.We ordered groceries (including alcohol) with Vons.com and they were delivered for us and waiting when we arrived.
3	I've stayed at the Jockey Club a couple times when visiting Vegas on my friend's timeshare.  If you're not going to spend much time in your actual hotel room and now you're probably going to be walking the strip or partying it up most of the time then Jockey Club is the perfect place to be.  It's conveniently located across the Aladdin on the strip.
4	My parents own a part of this timeshare program. This place used to be totally ghetto when we used to go 5-10 years ago. I just stayed here this past weekend and they've really cleaned things up a bit. This place IS a timeshare, so you can't expect the same fast service and ammentities as the other gaming hotel & casinoes.  There is a parking problem (I've had this problem in the past and it IS a pain) and there is a staffing problem (always a bit understaffed).  But along with that comes the value of staying in a larger unit, older appliances and furniture, but plenty good for your average traveler.  It's true that the layout is a bit weird.  You have to take two elevators and hike up a flight of stairs to get to your room.  But this ain't the Ritz Carlton.  Bellagio is right next door and you can take the monorail to any of the other casinoes from there.  If you know how to get around some of these obtacles, it's a great little place.
4	my friend was generous enough to allow us to stay at her timeshare as we did some canvassing work for the barack obama campaign in nevada. obama woot woot! this timeshare rivals many overpriced hotels in terms of their room quality and service. what a great place to rest our weary feet after a long day of walking and knocking on strangers' doors!the jockey club is located right next to the bellagio so it is in the hub of vegas activity. unfortunately, due to some renovations they were undergoing, parking was limited which meant a hit or miss with their valet parking. sometimes you got a spot and sometimes your ass needs to park at planet hollywood and then walk over. in vegas, that can mean 30 minutes to cross the strip depending on your starting point. this is the reason for the minus one star. no more walking dude. i'm tired!the room had two bedrooms, a couch with a pull out mattress, and two bathrooms. there was a fully equipped kitchen area and a large dining table which would have comfortably sat all 6 of us if we had decided to cook...we didn't. everything was just NICE and COMFORTABLE. do you need me to describe how firm the bed was or how clean the bathrooms were with water pressure in the shower that was just right? probably not right? just take my word for it cuz you know i wouldn't lead you astray. this timeshare is a deal and if you have a piece of it, definitely go and use it.  anyways, canvassing in nevada was awesome. listening to barack obama speak at a rally was phenomenal. coming back to the jockey club to rest my feet after a day of doing my little, wittle part to contribute to this campaign for change...PRICELESS.go out and vote peoples! polls close at 7pm. obama woot woot!
3	I would have given this property four stars, but the construction project next door woke us up at 7 a.m. and has made parking a bit difficult.  It's a huge construction project, so not sure when it will be done (we stayed in July 2008).The rooms are huge - we stayed in a one bedroom, two bath unit with a kitchen and living room.  The place is bigger than many of my friends' apartments.  The unit was recently remodeled and really smart - so many of the photos online are out-of-date.  Just an awesome room, that I would have loved had it not been for the aforementioned construction project.  The property is in the middle of it all, close to Planet Hollywood, Bellagio, and much more.Check-in was a little slow, but friendly.  There is no restaurant on-site, but there is a small convenience store.  It's a time share property that also rents as a hotel.  Nobody tried to sell us anything, which was appreciated.  The pool and gym are open 24 hours, which is a nice change from most hotels.I would stay here again if we could be away from the construction.
5	so its not your high class 5 star hotel BUT i give it 5 stars because it fit my needs perfectlyyyy. booked a 2 bedroom suite here through expedia and the total for 5 nights came out to be about $825, which is REALLLY not bad at all!! There were 2 queen beds in one bedroom, 1 queen bed in the other bedroom, and a queen sofa bed. Full kitchen, living room, 2 bathrooms, and a little dining area. Perfect!! It's like an apartment..we were able to fit 10 people in the room with no problems. during the day we were being pretty loud and we got a call from security. the security was helllla nice and i asked if someone complained and he said yea but that they didn't really care, just to keep it down a lil bit so people dont complain again. SUPER nice!!!!! haha. the valet people were hella nice, too. making sure we had a ride that would fit my whole group and that we weren't getting charged too much.the concierge desk has some hookups to different places, we got free passes prive but we ended up not having a chance to go there.pool is open 24 hours and is really cute, especially at night.housekeeping comes by everyday, you don't have to have your room cleaned but you can ask them for whatever supplies you need and they gladly give it to you (even though it says somewhere that you're supposed to return towels to get new ones, they didn't seem to care).downside is that its kinda hidden, theres tons of construction all around it, valet only, and no casino ... but it wasn't really a problem for us. we requested to be on the bellagio side away from the construction and the construction didn't bother us AT ALL. plus we could watch the bellagio water show from our window. GREAT view! whenever we wanted to gamble we would just cross the street to planet hollywood.i would TOTALLY come back here again. saves a lot of money, great location, great size room. perfectttttt!!! =D
5	I'm writing this review even though our stay isn't done yet.  I'll update if something goes horribly awry.I hadn't even heard of this place until my gf told me about a deal Orbitz had (half off price).  I was happy that it was on the strip and literally next to the Bellagio, but I wasn't expecting much.Pros:- I'm not sure whether it's cuz my room happened to be a penthouse suite, but this place is bigger than my 1-br apartment.  There's a full kitchen, walk-in closet, living room with sofa, a dining area, entertainment system...  The bedroom (TV included), bathroom, and closet are separated from everything else by double doors..- full kitchen:  fridge/freezer, microwave, oven, dishwasher, cooking range, silverware, Corelle dinnerware..- everything is very functional; maybe not the sexiest or flashiest stuff, but you can tell that they put thoughtful consideration into little things that guests might need, while maintaining sustainability.  Examples:  a container with coasters; corner "shelves" in the bathtub to hold soap (the shelves have drainage grooves so that the soap doesn't sit in a puddle of water); CFLs; a laundry basket to hold towels and linens that you want replaced..- free wireless everywhere- very comfy bed.  After a long day, I plopped down on the bed and was about to drift off into sleep, but I wanted to brush my teeth first, so I sat up and was about to get out of bed, but the next thing I knew I woke up the next morning after having totally peaced out for the whole night.- no casino- friendly and helpful staff..  check-in was smooth, valet people are friendly..Cons (mostly minor quibbles):- probably the biggest issue is no self-parking.  This is construction related, though; normally there is self-parking.  Valet service is adequate, but they advise that you call them about 7 minutes in advance so that they can get your car from the lower level..- carpet and upholstery are kinda dated..- hallways are kinda old..  elevators (at least the doors) are loud and clunky..- soft water.  I guess some people like soft water, but it's hard to tell whether I've fully rinsed off.  heh.- for being a penthouse suite, I just have a view of a wall.
4	OK, I said I would write an update if something went horribly awry..  and something did.Before checking out at 11am this morning, I called the valet so that they could get our car ready.  They said OK, it'll be about 20 minutes because they're really backed up.  I was like wow, OK.  I figured it would take about 15 mins to finalize getting ready and to get to the lobby and check out, so, not a big deal.There was a line for checking out, but it was smooth nonetheless.Then I bring my valet tag to the valet, and he says it'll be about 15 to 20 minutes.  This was the first indication, or maybe second, that something was wrong.Long story short, from the time I called the valet to the time we got in the car, about 70 minutes had passed.For having mandatory valet service, you'd think they'd really streamline THAT service, but they did not, at all, which didn't become apparent until they were tested, i.e., during a time where everyone is checking out.  I don't blame the actual valet people, since it looked like they were running about trying to help; but I think they were severely understaffed and perhaps not up to speed on how to handle such a hectic (yet I imagine a very common) situation.Sadly, this valet experience really soured our whole view of Jockey Club.  Averaging with my previous score of 5 stars, their new score would be 3 stars..  which sucks because I really liked it.  Since I want to give them the benefit of the doubt, I'll bump it to 4 stars.  JUST PARK AT BELLAGIO AND WALK.  As of today, 7/19/09, their valet service, when under pressure, is a joke.  Maybe that'll change, who knows.
4	My buds and I stayed here on my friend's parents' timeshare and it was a pretty sweet deal. The rooms are comfortable and have a kitchen, bathroom, a king size bed and a pull out bed. It made for a good resting spot during the overstimulating adventure of a city that is Sin City. They have a free internet lounge with three computers in the lobby (which I used to quickly Yelp up some places before setting out!) for all of those who are overly dependent on the www.
3	If you're headed to Vegas with a large group of people and actually want enough beds to accommodate at least 8 people w/o spending a ton of money, definitely consider the Jockey club. By no means would i consider this place luxurious, but it's extremely convenient, being that its on the strip and right next to the Bellagio!! You can even see the Bellagio water show from your window  and pretend you are staying there instead lol! The room we stayed in was more like an apartment. It had a living room/dining room/ kitchen/ two bed rooms, two bathrooms. 3 full beds and a sofa bed. Like i said, its not luxury, but clean and very very spacious. But really, who spends alot time in their hotel room when in Vegas anyway?  Overall, its a great place right on the strip for a large group and its for a great price. Our room for a night was about $114! not bad at all!!!
3	Not a bad place to stay in Vegas if you don't mind not having all the fun amenities that a regular hotel has..But it's clean, friendly, has valet service, is easily accessible to the rest of the strip and gets the job done..I prefer to stay at a regular hotel, but this sufficed for the group trip I just took to Vegas..
4	Rented a private condo from person here. We were in town for a small convention. 2 couples stayed in a 2 bedroom condo. It was perfect. Took a little figuring out but once we did that our 1400 sf 2bd 2ba condo could not have fit more perfectly for us and the $100 per night made it even better.Reminder, when you valet your car cal down about 10-15 minutes before you get to valet and your car will be waiting for you. Works great and they appreciate it also.
3	Stayed here for a friend's birthday a couple weekends ago.  Got a suite for Friday and Saturday for like $260 which fit 9 people in the 2 rooms in the suite alright.  The room had a bedroom with 2 Queen beds, a TV, a bathroom with a shower, and in the other room there was a kitchen with a microwave, fridge/freezer, silverware, a dining table, another TV, and a fold out couch to sleep on.Across the street from Planet Hollywood and next to Bellagio.  It might be a journey and a long walk where you might even have to carry all your luggage up the stairways to get to your room.  Ghetto small pool and no casino here.  This is seriously a no thrills cheap hotel on the strip.  Not quite as ghetto as Imperial Palace but cheap and on the strip and a lot of room in the rooms.
4	Ok so i dont remember checking in cuz i was gone before we even got to vegas. We had a 2 bed room suite which later on slept like 12 peolple. We made alot of noise and nobody bother us. Its right next to the ballagio, and paris. Very cheap $295 for 2 nights. In the middle of the Strip. Recomend it to anyone, no casino though, still good.
4	Who says that you have to stay at an actual hotel/casino when in Vegas?! The Jockey Club really was a find, so I had to give props to my friend for booking a room the week of our trip. Some of you who are like me and have never heard of The Jockey Club before, it's basically a building of private condos located right near the Bellagio and across from Paris (a great location on the strip!).For two nights, our private condo was around $200, so $100 a night. Our room came with a bedroom, living room (dining table included), a kitchen, and TWO bathrooms. The bedroom had two queen size beds and the living room had a pull-out which was perfect for our party of 6. The only complaint that I had was that our pull-out was not only extremely uncomfortable, but it was broken as well. Needless to say, my friends seemed very comfortable on the actual beds (yes, I got the pull-out). So here are the pros and cons of The Jockey Club:Pros:-Cheaper than most hotels-Private pool that is open 24 hours-Air conditioning (thankfully, since it's the middle of July)-Every room has its own kitchen with working refrigerator and freezer-Two toilets! (which is a must for parties of 6 or more)Cons:-No casino downstairs-No room service-Not as luxurious as a stay in let's say, the Venetian.You can weigh out the pros and cons for yourself, but if none of the cons are exactly deal breakers for you (they sure aren't for me), then I would definitely recommend Las Vegas go-ers to try this place.
1	Let me just say that I am a cheapskate to the core. Any way I can get a deal or save money, I am all for it. So when a friend of mine booked our stay here since he was in their condo program, I was just happy to be able to stay somewhere that was super cheap. That is the only thing positive I have to say about this place. So now for the negatives:1.)This hotel was the only one to NOT sell their property for the building of the City Center so what did they decide to do about that? Build AROUND it. You have no view of anything. All of our windows opened out to walls of the surrounding buildings that were sandwiched between the new buildings.2.)The pool gets no sun and due to the surrounding construction they have netting hanging above the pool in case any construction stuff falls. Yeah, no thanks.3.)The clientele at this place made me feel like I was at a retirement community, but at the same time felt like I could possibly be in inner city Detroit. The pool had ping pong tables, a water fountain, shuffleboard, and a 6ft tall fence along the edge of the pool. They even had the "daily activities" posted down in the lobby w/ activities like "Family movie night". Not to be mean, but there were seriously a lot of white trash there, lol.4.)The interior is very outdated. There were several things wrong with our room, from missing doorknobs, to lights burnt out, to all the channels being fuzzy, to the shower door handles falling off while I was in the shower.5.)The place has no entrance due to the construction so you have to go down this alleyway of construction zones to get to the entrance. Try walking down that at 3 a.m. with no lighting and it just feels scary.6.)My biggest complaint is that you have to leave the hotel to do ANYTHING!!! There is no casino, no restaurants, no nothing to do there other than sleep.I would never stay here again and I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. If you look hard enough, I'm sure anyone could find another room at a better hotel for the same price if not cheaper.
3	Pretty good price for a hotel room right next to the Las Vegas strip. Only paid $70 a night and stayed here for a week. Perfect for a family of six. Got the 2 bedroom one. Kitchen has everything we need. Spacious rooms, living room had a pull out bed under the couch, and downstairs you could get complimentary popcorn, dvd movies, books, and coffee maybe even more. THE FLAWS. We stayed at the hotel on Aug 6 and there was construction infront of it at the time. The valet takes forever and they were very rude! Never tip them. They actually changed the radio station in the car, completely moved things around, and didn't put things back. Could not be trusted. Right when we got there my fiance's window was rolled down and the valet lady actually put her hand through when we didn't even get out of the car yet and she just started messing with the headlights like what the hell was she doing so rude and I was like its automatic wtf?! Right when we got there they acted like they own my fiance's damn car. When we were leaving for dinner they took 1hr and 20minutes to get our car! Even though you call ahead they still take there wonderful sweet time. They said it was because the construction when I didn't see the valet Guy leave until 40minutes later and it wasn't even busy. They ruined my time there. We coudnt self park because of the construction so we had no choice but to valet. The valet workers also looked like a bunch of highschool drop outs. TAKE YOUR VALUABLE THINGS WITH U! So this place would've been a 5 star if it wasn't for that.
4	I've been to this hotel on so many occasions, I've lost count.  Let's start with the good things:   The rooms are the most spacious rooms you'll find on the strip for that price.  They're pretty cheap and I think every room has at least one separate bedroom from the living room and a small kitchenette.  They all come with walk-in closets too!  It's not as luxurious as the Venetian or such, but they're clean, comfortable enough and looks pretty well kept.  They have valet service which is good and bad because they don't have regular parking.  So if you forgot something in your car, just wait until the next time you take your car out.   They have free DVDs and game rentals downstairs, which also gives out free coffee, tea, and popcorn!  They're free for rental as long as you're a hotel guest.  They have free wi-fi in every room, which can get a little slow, but hey, it's free.The Bad:It's very hard to find because they sold the front half to the City Center, so you won't really see it.  You won't get a view unless you're lucky enough to be on the Bellagio side.  The pool isn't very sunny because it's blocked by the city center, but they do have a mini gym and jacuzzi!  There's no casino because it's strictly a resort suite.So overall, I'd give it a 3.5 but because they've never done me wrong on my multiple visits, I'll give them a 4 since I can't give half ratings.  It's definitely a good hotel if you need somewhere on the strip that's cheap and very spacious (like for partying in your hotel room and such [;)  If you're coming for a party of about 6-10, you might consider the 1.5 bathroom sized room, especially if you have lots of girls that need to crowd the mirrors.  It comes with 2 queen sized beds and a pullout bed from the sofa, and enough space to fit at least 10 more people on the floor.
4	I have been to a few timeshare condos and this place is spacious and accomodating.I went to Vegas to coach a basketball tournament in late July.  My family of 5 with my brother and his wife.  We were able to fit 7 people comfortably in the room.  We exchanged our other timeshare points for this place and the location is amazing.  It is right next to Bellagio and across the street from Planet Hollywood.  It is right on the strip.  All good casinos are within 2 blocks of this spot.  Once you get past that it is engulfed by the new Cosmopolitan and realize that this is a place to sleep and not to hang out, then you will have a good time.  Hopefully with the Cosmopolitan opening up at the end of the year it will make this place a much more desirable place to stay.
4	Stayed here for one night during a spur-of-the-moment vegas trip. My friend and I booked a room here on the drive up to vegas because it was the cheapest available room at the moment on the strip. We joked about how funny it would be if the room turned out nice. Then our jaws dropped when we opened the front door. The room was huge! It came with a bedroom attached to a separate living room and a kitchen fully equipped with an oven, stove, refrigerator/freezer and microwave. I'd say that this room was the same size if not larger than a suite at the Palazzo. The only downside about this hotel is that we never found the parking garage (if they even have one) and that the hotel is extremely tough to find. It's pretty much a tiny hotel surrounded by significantly larger and more appealing buildings. All in all, this hotel is now part of some of my craziest/funniest/most ridiculous memories to date and thus I have to give this hotel at least 4 stars.
1	We rented the three bedroom penthouse unit for a family Thanksgiving vacation. The unit must have been rented as a frat house before our stay... It was absolutly disgusting! The furniture was ripped, collapsed couches with broken legs. The bed box springs were shot. The shower grout was black from mold... kicked in doors, missing molding, on & on... everything from A to Z was horrific. We made a huge mistake of pre-paying in full ($3,600.00) before arriving. We were offered a $300 refund to rent elsewhere!  It seems the thing about the Jockey Club is many of the units are privately owned and maintained... You never know which you will end up with. If you are going here you must inspect the unit they plan on putting you in PRIOR to paying. Good luck...
3	Don't get caught up going to a time share seminar for 1.5hrs for the "FREE" show tickets and buffet. You can get all this by just picking up a coupon from one of the flyer guys on the street and just signing up for the players clubs at different hotels.  Don't wast your time! Place is inexpensive and clean, well worth the money.
5	Stayed here again for two nights and had a great stay.  While parking is a little odd, the mass construction project next door is over, so the property is peaceful and quiet once again.For those of you not in the know, The Jockey Club is a condo and time share property, but rooms are sometimes available as hotel use.  The rooms are the equivalent of apartments, so are really large and have full kitchens.  We used ours to make cookies.One of the great things about this place in the 24 hour pool, hot tub, and gym.  I wish more hotels did this.  The rooms also have DVD players, and DVDs can be borrowed for free from the hospitality center.
4	I've been to this hotel on so many occasions, I've lost count.  The Good:  The rooms are very spacious and and each has a fully outfitted kitchen.  It's not as luxurious as the mega hotels, but they're clean, comfortable enough and lare well kept.  I mean who stays in their room in Vegas anyway.   They have free DVDs and game rentals downstairs, which also gives out free coffee, tea, and popcorn!  They're free for rental as long as you're a hotel guest.  They have free wi-fi in every room, which can get a little slow, but hey, it's free.The Bad:It's very hard to find because they sold the front half to the City Center, so you won't really see it.  You won't get a view unless you're lucky enough to be on the Bellagio side.  The pool isn't very sunny because it's blocked by the city center, but they do have a mini gym and jacuzzi!  There's no casino because it's strictly a resort suite. The valet parking is problematic The Geo -Holiday tour is a very high pressure vacation points time share nightmare. They make it sound like they own the Jocket Club. They do not. The free things they offer are available without the tour.. Stay away from this at all cost,. The good again.Most of the problems are going away when the Cosmopolitan opens in December. The cosmopolitan pool will be available to Jockey Club guests, the rooms are schedules to undergo a major renovation. There will be self parking. So overall, I'd give it a 4 and will probably give it a 4.5 when the Cosmopolitan opens in December Its definitely a good hotel if you need somewhere on the strip that's cheap and very spacious (like for partying in your hotel room and such [;)
4	Stayed here for a couple nights for CES, and was actually incredibly surprised.  I had been worried since the price was so cheap (thanks, booking.com) and the appearance of a much older and perhaps less wealthy clientele.Shouldn't have worried - the one bedroom suite is basically the size of a one-bedroom apartment, with a walk-in closet, iron and ironing board, king sized bed, two TVs (not HD though), and complete with kitchen table, full kitchen along with utensils, bowls, plates, pots and pans, even a blender.  My room had a nice view of the Bellagio fountains the entirety of the Paris hotel - for $79 dollars a night during a period when the Trump for example was going for $750 a night, it was a steal.  No casinos or anything - they do have a cash-only quickie mart downstairs, but it's got a gym, pool, whirlpool, it's clean, and it does the job.  Being literally right next to the Bellagio and Cosmopolitan is also a huge bonus as well.
3	My husband and I were in Vegas for an entire week to celebrate my birthday and our wedding anniversary! My very generous in-laws booked The Jockey Club for our trip and we were curious to see what it was like, being advertised as "snuggled between City Center and Bellagio". Cozy and quaint, The Jockey Club certainly is.  We had two friends staying with us for half the trip and our one bedroom plus sofa bed gave us plenty of room. The front desk people were friendly and helpful, but avoid the puppet conning you across the hotel desk with "free tickets", night club passes and free buffets in exchange for 90 minutes of hard-pressure time share sales meetings. Not on my vacation time, buddy. The elevators were padded, clearly indicating construction in process. No big worry. Our room was spacious, clean and welcoming. The decor, umm...like Town and Country magazine's "Equestrian Love" edition, circa 1987. Yeah. The kitchen was modern-ish, but the stove is electric and takes 'till kingdom come to heat anything. The sheets and pillows were fresh and comfy. The walk-in closet was a plus. The bathroom was fine except for the hard water that stripped my hair and skin of any moisture my body could provide. My skin actually broke out from the water and a bottle of L'Occitaine Conditioner was my life saver. Overall, the Jockey Club is a great place to stay if you have kids in tow, have a group of people or are just looking for a place to crash at night on the strip.  Be aware if you come with the intention of making any meals in the condo: The grocery store downstairs can be passed. Thay have Wal-Mart store brand pasta and sauce on the shelf. That bad.  The closest possible thing to "DIY" foodstuffs is Walgreens, where you can dish out $4 for a dozen eggs. Better off eating out hella lot or getting a cab to Smith's or Whole Foods.
1	We were in Vegas as a gift for my boyfriend's birthday and had a truly great time EXCEPT as we were walking along the strip we were pulled in by a guy promoting free tickets to O at the Bellagio. The catch was a 1.5 hour long timeshare (for the GEO group) at the Jockey Club. Long story short, we did not buy it, and were given a voucher to return at a later date and were told that the tickets would be at the box office under our name. So we go to the box office and the show was not even playing that night. To say we were upset is an understatement!! We went back to the Jockey Club and were told that no one was there but to call a number the next day. We showed up instead. Now this was the third day to waste time with these people. After going in and as they tried to lure us in again, I mention in a clear voice and let's just say just a tad louder than speaking to someone face to face that we were scammed and expected our money back, they were quick to remedy and blame it all on the guy who lured us in to begin with. We got our money back (as O is the most expensive show, we had to pay $50 per ticket - yes another lie) and were promised to be taken care of the next time around. Needless to say, I would never set foot in that place again.To add to this, just yesterday I received a call from a so called supervisor at the Jockey Club/GEO who had no idea of our troubles but wanted to get me to go again for a "free' trip, practically all inclusive, discounts to whatever BUT I had to go through another 1.5 hour long timeshare seminar AND had to pay right then and there a $95 e to reserve our spot. When I mention to her that I had to discuss it with my boyfriend she because obnoxious and said that she could not understand why I would need to AND hung up on me! Unbelievable where they find these lowlife losers to work in customer service when the rest of America is struggling for jobs. Tell everyone you know NOT TO GO TO THE JOCKEY CLUB AND ESPECIALLY GEO TIMESHARE! What a nightmare!!!
1	If you're standards do not rise above that of a run down Holiday Inn this place would be fine. Unfortunately for the Jockey Club I have traveled extensively and stayed in some of the better hotels and resorts the world has to offer. For the record though, I have stayed in hotels in Europe/Italy that are held to an entirely different (lower) standard than the U.S. that I would happily stay in again before I spent another night at the Jockey Club.  My exact words to describe this hotel I could not post, lets just suffice it to say it's the first time I couldn't wait for my vacation to end. I am a timeshare owner and traded an ocean front unit at a five star gold crown resort in Cabo San Lucas for the week I had at the Jockey Club, I received a second floor room with a view of the concrete wall of the Cosmopolitan and sewer pipes (along with the smell) coming from the first floor of the Jockey Club. I immediately contacted the front desk upon entering the room but was told there was nothing they could do for me. I spent two days trying to contact Lori Elie the "resort manager" but was consistently told she was out of the office. I finally left a voicemail for her explaining my complaints, I left her my room number and cell number but my call was never returned. There is no doubt I could have paid rack rates for the room I had and spent less money than it cost to pay the maintenance fee for the week I traded. This place is a dump....the smell of the "mini market" took me back to a mom and pop corner store in Mexico (which I love mind you....IN MEXICO!!) Unfortunately the prices (A six pack of Budweiser was $13) were enough to shock me back to reality and realize I was just in a dump in Vegas. The "walkway to the strip" is about 100 yards of a dark smelly alleyway that is used for delivery trucks (its also the main entrance to the Jockey Club) and apparently time share salesmen that are are ready and willing to take advantage of unhappy people leaving the Jockey Club. We were approached in the alley by a guy that worked for another timeshare hotel, apparently the catch phrase is..."how do you like the jockey club" then when you begin to tell them they offer to put you up in their hotel for a mere "90 minute presentation" The concierge for the Jockey Club happened to walk out the door, noticed what was going on and a screaming and yelling match between the two ensued, apparently they are well aware of the inferiorities of the Jockey Club (JC) and threatened by the prospect of losing guests, we just walked away. We tried to go to the "spa" one day to try and maybe salvage something good from this place, we attempted to sit in the jacuzzi but the chlorine level was so high it immediately burned our eyes, we opened the door that encloses the jacuzzi to try to get some fresh air just so we could stay in the room but soon after getting in noticed our skin was either being bleached or chemically burned. (not sure which) We then went to the pool which was cold (mind you the JC is surrounded by tall buildings, or as they like to say "nestled" and barely see's the light of day. The liner of the pool was blue, but the bottom was brown, pretty sure it wasn't made that way, I have seen much nicer pools at a holiday inn. The "view" of the Bellagio they tout is only obtained from the upper floors on one side of course and I suspect the only ones remodeled and reserved only for those who are most likely to purchase a timeshare, otherwise you're view is of a wall or the "walkway to the strip"...a dark alley. I'm guessing I got the room I got because I am already a timeshare owner and I declined to attend the "owners meeting" for those of you not familiar, that's where they try to get you to buy another timeshare or upgrade the one you have. The JC should have taken the offer from The Cosmopolitan so they could have torn it down and made better use of the property. If you're going to Vegas on a budget stay downtown at the Golden Nugget, I have stayed there a few times and it looks and feels like the Ritz Carlton compared to this place....really.
5	Got a suite for my 21st. a master bedroom with its own bathroom. there was 1 more bedroom, a bathroom, living room, dining area, and kitchen. The sofa even pulled out into a bed! There was a flat screen tv and a microwave. i recommend this place because you just need a place to sleep. who the hell stays in their hotel the whole weekend? it was about $500 for the whole weekend.  we had 5 people but could have easily fit a LOT MORE. besides eating at the buffet, you can cook your own food! We made late night snacks after coming home from clubbing in the wee hours of the morning.
5	6 girls. 1and1/2 bathrooms. 3 queen beds. Cosmopolitan pool.  Center Strip.  Friday-Sunday night.  $300.  You shouldn't need to hear more, but if you need more convincing read on! The Jockey Club is a no-frills, convenient, and comfortable place to stay for your girls' weekend Vegas getaway.  Price was our most motivating factor, obviously, but for the price Jockey Club is way nicer and more convenient than, say, Imperial Palace or Circus Circus.Our suite had:-3 queen-sized beds: 2 queens in the master bedroom and a queen sofabed in the living room- 1.5 bathrooms: full master bathroom and half bathroom- Walk-in master closet: this closet was HUGE! There was a safe, iron, and full-size ironing board in the master closet.  There is a secondary closet outside the bedroom as well.- Full kitchen: with plates, glasses, bowls, pans, baking sheets, coffeemaker, toaster, microwave, utensils, and salt & pepperTip: You can order groceries online (vons.com) and they will deliver it right to the Jockey Club!  (THIS INCLUDES BOOZE!!!!!)The Jockey Club also has some sort of partnership with the Cosmopolitan (JC is literally behind the Cosmo) and visitors have FREE access to the Cosmo's 14th floor pool!  We took FULL advantage of this perk - just show the lifeguard at the Cosmo your room key and you'll be good to go!
4	This place was hard to locate.  As my friends and looked for the place, the sun went down.  My GPS led us to the back of some hotel, but we kept going to see if it was really in the back.  Then some idiot starts honking at us and yelling.  We just thought he was crazy and kept going.  We soon found out, it was security!!! He was such a mean jerk.  Like we'd know who that "lunatic" was.  Good thing he still gave us directions (kind of) to Jockey.  We ended up calling Jockey Club for directions.My friends and I got the condo with 2 rooms/3 beds, and a couch with a pullout bed.  The place came with a fridge and had 2 bathrooms, along with a huge closet.  There are panels of vertical mirrors in the living room area, which is convenient for girls to get ready to go out.Cons - Check out on Sundays cannot be extended.  Must by checked out by 11am.  I guess this can be a good thing.  It'll make you leave sooner allowing you to do more things during the day! It was a Pro for us lolValet - there was only one person working the valet.  The wait was super long, so long that we ended up cabbing to the places we were going to.  The doors are thin.  You can hear people in the hallways.Overall, my friends and I liked this place and would definitely rent them again.  This place was hard to locate, but it was definitely convenient.  It's located next to everything and is right next to Cosmo.
4	We really enjoyed our stay here and were pleasantly surprised by the size of the room for the price we paid. We especially liked the location on the Strip. The Jockey Club is in between the Cosmopolitan and the Bellagio. In fact, The Jockey Club shares a parking garage with the Cosmopolitan and an elevator straight to the casino level. We really enjoyed that.The room we stayed in was a king bed suite. There was a walk-in closet, smallish bathroom, and living room/kitchen/dining room that was divided by a door to the bedroom. The one disappointment was that our view was to a building wall. Didn't exactly get that great view of the Bellagio's fountains the website claimed. I'm thinking to request a Strip view the next time we stay.Just a word to the wise. This is a timeshare property, so be careful about the timeshare presentation.
4	It is not as luxurious and fancy as the other hotels on the strip.  However, the location, price, and size can't be beat!Coming with a group of 10+ people, the standard size fridge, two bathrooms, and spacious two bedrooms and living room with pull out couch was perfect.  In addition, we were able to use the Cosmopolitan's parking lot and pool.  Definitely would recommend especially for groups.
4	I booked a room at the Jockey Club last minute, primarily because of the low rate (stayed 08-May to 14-May-2011). I was attending a trade show at the Convention center, but all the hotels closer to the convention center were either already booked or way beyond my budget. I figured that since I'd have a car and would be driving, commuting to/from the Jockey Club and LVCC wouldn't be that bad. Besides, the central strip location would come in handy after work.The Jockey Club is nestled between two major hotels. With a flood of pedestrians right after the fountain show at Bellagio, I nearly missed the turn in to the hotel premises. There was some construction going on, but nothing that impacted my being able to park while I checked in. Everything went smoothly at the check-in. I got a room upgrade for a colleague (to a view of the Bellagio fountains), the room keys, a plethora of literature about the property (it's part of a timeshare) and then the parking directions.The parking. The Jockey Club shares a garage with The Cosmopolitan and so there's a limited amount of parking spaces reserved for Jockey Club guests. The parking itself wasn't an issue--it was getting back into the Jockey Club through the proper elevators. The signage was dismal compared to the signs directing you to the Cosmo elevators. And when you finally get through the doors of the elevator to the Jockey Club, you're greeted with additional signs and barricades that kinda funnel you back to the front entry. To be fair: the walkways were always clean and I felt safe enough to walk back to the car at multiple points during the night/early morning.The room was all very standard, except for the Oreck vacuum in the walk-in closet--not sure if that was left by housekeeping. The full kitchen was a treat and it was nice to sit down to eat with actual utensils instead of plastic (cause food in Vegas can cost an arm & a leg!). And the central location Mid-Strip was fantastic for sightseeing! And while I had a car at my disposal, if you don't the Jockey Club offers a shuttle service to nearby convenience stores if you need to pick up groceries and the like.Some comments: because I was in Vegas for business, I found it rather inconvenient that my wifi access was minimal (no wireless internet access) in the room. But the wifi improved when in common areas (lobby, entry) and there was also 2 computers available for use, not to mention the Timeshare Member's Area. I had a multipage document that I needed to print (12pgs) and when I mentioned this to the front desk, they said that it was okay. Not exactly the same 'business center' service that you'd get from other places, but still acceptable (and I procrastinated in the first place anyway).Also - since this hotel is part of a timeshare, if you give out your number, expect to solicitation calls trying to lure you back in for another visit. If you're looking for a room centrally located in Vegas at an affordable price, you can't go wrong with the Jockey Club.
4	My husband and I booked a room on Easter weekend. This was our first time in Vegas and couldn't be happier with the stay at the Jockey Club. We weren't sure what to expect from reviews we had seen on-line because most people complained about the time share side. We never once had a run in with anyone about time share. The women at the front desk was nice, I informed her that we had never been to Vegas and that we would love the opportunity to upgrade the room to a view of the Bellagio fountain and she said that all the rooms with that view are book, when we came back to get our key she said she gave us the best room she could find with the view of the fountain, we really appreciated that she took the time and effort to meet our request.The room was big with a full kitchen which we did not use. Bed was comfy bathroom was nice and the closet was huge with a safe.You can't beat the location, you are right next to the Bellagio, Cosmopolitan, and Paris. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the room is a bit outdated. I know they have rooms that have been upgraded it just depends on when you go if they are available.We had a good experience and we will book our next stay at the Jockey club.
3	Close to everything. Spacious room Weird layout. Getting in and out is a journey of a couple elevators and stairs. Sort of a maze. But it does keep the mobs out. Kids liked the place. Much quieter than most strip hotels.
4	We liked this hotel. It is, however, very different from the other hotels on the strip-- much less glamorous. In any case, it does give you access to the Cosmopolitan pools, and the parking is free. It wasn't exactly on the strip, but it was as close as you can get without being directly on the strip (it's right behind the Cosmopolitan, but the buildings are attached; and it shares parking with the Cosmopolitan). Pros:-Great kitchen (has dishes/pots/silverware, microwave, fridge/freezer, dishwasher, towels, dish soap, coffeepot, kettle, stove... plus the maid cleaned up after us)-View of the Bellagio fountains outside our window (we could hear the music too, just barely)-Decent price-Free fitness center (a few treadmills, 1 elliptical, several bikes, weight machines)-Free Wi-Fi-Proximity to the strip and the Cosmopolitan casinos/restaurants-Free access to Cosmopolitan + Jockey Club pools-Large suite with a big closet, 2 TVs, and radio sound systemCons:-Sleeper sofa was incredibly uncomfortable-Less glitzy than other Vegas hotels (they were undergoing renovation when we went there, and we had to walk through a garage with construction stuff to get from our car to the lobby/room)-No casino in the Jockey Club-Maid knocked on our door around 8 am both mornings. Who's awake at 8 am in Vegas, anyway?
4	size and location make the jockey club a very viable option for people who want to enjoy all that vegas has to offer... minus the pricetag!our particular set up had two (spacious) bedrooms and two bathrooms.  there was a nice sized living room (with pull out bed), kitchenette, and dining area.  parking was included, and we were able to utilize the cosmopolitan's pool, which turned out to be an awesome perk!everything was clean, and service was fine.  would definitely stay here again!
1	Awesome location and Johnny was a saint....... sadly the rest of the staff must have been in a horrible funk. DO NOT waste your hard earned money with these people. I sincerely hope my family reconsiders selling this property based on the attitude displayed during my business trip. UNBELIEVABLE!
3	It's nice, they have some great insitive that they offered us to join.  I just don't care for the montly maintenance fees after I'm done paying the money.  There are other ways to get fees out of people.  We ended up buying one somewhere else.  And although the rates are a little higher, we don't have the monthly fees for the rest of our lives.
5	Im a timeshare holder for this place, its not that fancy of a place but the location is well worth it, at the center of the strip, across the bellagio fountains. The people are friendly and the rooms are clean and nice, to add it has a living room so its more beneficial than a hotel room since you can sneek to the living room without waking up your significant other while they sleep. Grant it that you could get a room with a living room at a hotel but with a hefty sticker price, one Im not willing to fork over for the price jockey club offers.Since Im a timeshare holder, I have a week per timeshare I own which equals to two per year. I would love to go on vacation but with the economy in a downturn, I cant. So if you want to rent out my week for $350, email me at: growlie2233@yahoo.com (no new year stay available as this is very hard to come by); $713 at hoteldealsnow.com.
4	LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION....We stayed here for my 40th birthday weekend without kids!! This place has a "secret" elevator enterance to the Cosmopolitan. Our room was great, we  had a perfect view of the Bellagio fountain. We only paid 179.00 for the week and you can't beat that in January! I would stay here again. It doesn't really compare to the Polo Towers but I still liked it!
4	We stayed here for two nights on my brother in laws dime since he is a time share holder. I know when your hotel is next to Cosmo it is going to be tough to look spectacular. Jockey Club is older by appearance on the outside, but the inside will surprise you. Cool hallways on your way to your rooms. Lots of gold coloring throughout the hotel. We did not use the pool, but the pool appeared clean and had cool lighting above. The rooms were spacious and felt like a one bedroom apartment, much better than a constricted hotel room. Small kitchen, living room, bed room, and bathroom. Overall the stay was pleasant, we weren't bothered in regards to having to sit through one of their promotions or time share shindigs. The only downfall was no restaurants really near by. You have to walk through the Cosmo to find a restaurant or to gamble. Although it is only 5-7 minutes away tops, its a hassle in the Vegas sense. 24 hour restaurants are few and far between on the Cosmo side, but luckily you are pretty close to Planet Hollywood which is across the street.
4	cosmoWithout a doubt this is one of the best-value location in the entire strip.  Myself and two friends stayed for six days and five nights and being right in the middle of the strip served as an excellent starting point for all of our adventures.The hotel itself is simple, and while mostly a time-share facility the sales pitch was barely felt.  However, we did have enough fun that I might consider buying in since it was so awesome.The room was spacious, two full sized beds and a full sized pull-out.  We had a kitchenette, with stoves/over, dishwasher and full sized refrigerator.  Having one and a half bathrooms allowed for speedy getting-ready mornings, and the TVs were high quality flat-screens that allowed to watch TV comfortably in between walking all over the place and in the mornings getting ready to head out again.There's two towers, and depending on which you're located you might have a longer walk to your room since you go on the main elevator bank to the second floor then cut across to the second tower and then potentially catch another elevator.  While it seemed like a hassle at first, it did give us a sense of security and peace.  We didn't have to worry about hustle and bustle.Jockey Club is adjoined to the Cosmopolitan via a discrete set of elevators that also take you to the parking garage shared by with Cosmo with the Jockey.  While I wasn't a fan of the Cosmo casino, they did have Secret Pizza Place which is an awesome alternative for a quick & cheap (in Vegas terms) lunch or dinner.  Right outside the door, between Jockey/Cosmo and the Bellagio there's a bus stop that'll take you South on the strip.  I highly recommend getting the multiple day pass if you're going to the Outlets, Airport, or up to Freemont.Would I stay at the JC again?  Of course!  Unless I find a deal at a different venue that's just as good, I'd rather save the money and spend it in other fun items and stay at the JC where I know I'll be comfortable and in good hands.
1	If -5 star was an option this place would definitely deserve it. We went here to presentation sometime ago, since then we have been fighting them. The time that they sell is completely worthless. Even at 10,000 points w/ some incredible stroke of luck, you may get what you want. It seems for any use of the timeshare requires you pay $200. That may not seem like alot but when you already paid $6800, it is. PS You CAN'T use Cosmo unless your staying there. Liars!As an example for how worthless this place is: I went on a vacation to Hawaii, I got a better price paying out of pocket to a travel agent then to pay them additional few hundred $. I think I am going to give it back to them and write off my taxes as a investment lost, because it is a complete waste of $ and the government can go to them for the taxes.
5	Booked two rooms for 9 girls for a bachelorette weekend trip. We were amazed when we arrived to see the rooms so nice!! Getting to the Jockey club was a bit tricky, its best if you exit Flamingo and head toward the Cosmopolitan Hotel, passing Bellagio Rd, you will see the entrance to the Jockey Club (small sign, easy to miss). There we valet our car for only $5 a night and got bell service. The rooms were perfect. 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, a separate living room with a wrap around couch which had a queen bed, a kitchen fully equipped with everything you will need, and a dining area space in each of the rooms we booked, perfect for up to 12 people. We plugged in my ipad to the living room speakers and the party got started. We were able to get our rooms across from each other on the 5th floor. One of the rooms had an amazing view of the strip and the Bellagio water show. We loved that the hotel was connected to the Cosmopolitan Hotel by using their secret elevator. We also loved being able to use their Bamboo pool. We arrived at the pool around noon and were able to get 9 pool side chairs to lay on. The pool at the Jockey club sucked. It was covered in shade most of the time so definitely take advantage of going to the Bamboo pool. The Las Vegas strip was also easy to walk to from our hotel. We will definitely be staying here more often since we always go in big groups about 5 times a year.
3	The rooms are clean, lots of room and pretty cheap for what you get. It's a timeshare hotel so rooms come with full kitchen which is nice late at night when craving a pizza. Major downfall though the hotel is so confusing to get around, bring a map and a compass to get around!
4	My boyfriend's family has a timeshare here so I've stayed at the Jockey Club about four times over the last four years. Recently, they've made super renovations that elevates the ambience of this time share hotel. They have upgraded the rooms with better furnishings and new carpeting. It's connected to the uber-swank Cosmopolitan Hotel with it's own elevator entrance on the Casino level. All of the rooms have their own separate bedroom and full-kitchen, separate living room and dining area. It's like having your own apartment right on the strip. The rooms are perfect for groups. There is also a pool and gym downstairs, not that I've ever used it but it's nice to know it's there.Since there isn't a casino, the lobby doesn't smell like cigarette smoke which is a real plus for me. I love that there is a grocery store downstairs if you need anything. For the price and location, Jockey Club is an excellent place to stay for a getaway in the city of sin.
1	Horrible! DO...NOT...STAY...HERE. low ceilings, loud noises from trucks, machinery and maintenance crews starting at the crack of dawn. Ghetto accomadations and clientele. Hallways, alley way, elevators, and the rooms all have unpleasant industrial stench. Valet is slow and costs 5 bucks a day. Bad mojo from this place.
5	Had a great time at the Jockey Club...rooms very clean...service was great...pool not the best but as a guest you are allowed to use the Como's pool which is a BIG plus..
4	I thought it was awesome! I brought 4 other girls with me and we only did a 1 bdrm suite. There was plenty of room. 2 girls on the bed and 2 on the sofa bed pluse there was another couch that didnt pull out and one of the girls crashed there. The kitchen was so cute and fully equipped to cook anything. Even had a blender the dishwashr was so helpful too. The AC works good and windows open. We had a great view. Its quiet and small not super fancy either but man it is the perfect location. The. valet is really nice i was already drunk and caught a cab but left my shoes behind. The next day i called the desk and they brought them up to me boy was i lucky. Anyways its quiet and not full of a bunch of crazy wild ppl. I would recommend it a million times
3	This place has so many pros and cons, it's insane.I'll try and make this short and to the point.If you are looking for a cheap place that still has some comforts of home, such as a kitchen in a hotel that you don't plan on really spending any time in while you are in Las Vegas. You have found your place. It's location is quite amazing.If you're looking for a hotel that you want to spend time in and just have a lazy, relaxing, and rejuvenating stay, find somewhere else... anywhere else. Everything about the inside of the hotel and even the rooms to some extent are a mood killer.
5	Now if you're looking for a vegas hotel with all the bells n whistles, then this wouldnt be the place to stay at, but if you're wanting something very affordable, acommadating for large groups, and located on the center of the strip, then this is the place to be!  It's located on the strip in between cosmopolitan and bellagio and very, very affordable.  Two bedroom suites on the strip is so expensive, and luckily i remembered hearing about this place. I got a two bedroom, 2 bath, full kitchen, living room, 1100 sq feet for $313 for the whole weekend including taxes! And although there is no casino onsite, you take an elevator from jockey club that takes you directly to the cosmopolitan casino! There is a private elevator that takes you directly to the casino floor of Cosmopolitan so when my friends and I partied at Marquee dayclub and nightclub,  it was literally 5 minute tops to walk from our room to the hotel.  Also from what I've heard, guests at Jockey also have access to use the pools at Cosmoplitan. Only downfall is there are no onsite fastfood / restaurants in the hotel, but the suites come with a full kitchen so we stocked up on food, bottled water and drinks which saved us a lot of money.
5	I'm writing this review for the sole purpose of making sure one of your employees SINGLETON is recognized for his amazing service.Stayed here Aug 3-5 in one of the two bedrooms in the Derby Tower. One bedroom with a bed, another bedroom with two beds, living room with a pull out bed (& they brought up a cot, no charge), two full bathrooms, kitchen, dining room, and fridge that generates ice (yay!)ANYWAY, so I was walking towards Cosmo Friday night (actually in the wee hours of Sat morning), having a really hard time bc I had busted up my feet @ Marquee that night (damn stairs).  And Singleton sees me and asks if I want a bandaid for my feet! So sweet! So I go into the lobby area and he brings me bandaids to wrap around my blisters so I can walk without wanting to cry. I know it seems like "big deal, its bandaids", but what made me super happy is that in no way did he need to do anything like that for a guest, but he went out of his way to help out!The next night (Sat), one of our drunkass friends apparently got taken back to our hotel with two random girls & he escorted our friend up to the room bc he wouldn't allow the girls to come up as they were not staying with us.I just really like it when people go out of their way to accommodate their guests. So YAY, SINGLETON! Other than that, cheap rooms & near everything :)P.S. And when you stay here, you have access to Cosmo's pool.. Bamboo something..
4	I stayed at The Jockey Club for my birthday this month. I get this resort through my timeshare, and I'm soo lucky to have it! I got a whole week there, but only stayed 5days. Be sure you google map directions to the entrance, it is very very hard to find. They have a small sign now on Las Vegas Blvd. in order to see the entrance but look very closely, it's right where The Cosmopolitan entrance is. Although the hotel is literally hidden, it is the best location ever. No need to worry about crowds all through the resort, It's nestled between the Bellagio and the Cosmopolitan in the middle of all the action. Beautiful view, if you request one, you never miss a fountain show. It saves so much money to have a kitchen. Me and my boyfriend cooked breakfast every morning, with some lunches in between. They have a little makeshift grocery store in the resort in case you run out of groceries. And when I say fully equipped I mean fully equipped. There is a HD plasma TV in all the rooms, DVD player, and MP3 player. Walk in closet. Kitchen had every tool needed to make a meal and blended drinks. Full amenities are provided by the cosmopolitan. Access to the pool and casino with an private elevator that connects to it from the jockey club. We went to the cosmopolitan pool because they are currently fixing up their pool by making it bigger and more luxurious. They have a mediocre fitness center in the resort, but it was ok, they're remodeling that too. Hopefully it will be done soon. Be ware of the timeshare sharks in the building. They literally harass you. They do offer free stuff to listen to their presentation for 2hrs, but I was in a hurry to party, I wasn't interested in anything free in exchange for my time. Besides, I already had timeshare there, but they didn't care, they still called, and stopped me in the hallways, and asked me over and over again. Be prepared to say 'no' for as long as it takes. But It didn't bother me too much because I was out and about having fun. So I said no as long as they kept asking. I recommend this place for people that are on a budget for their trip. The downfall of having timeshare room is that you do have to upkeep the room, make the bed, clean the dishes, because they only clean the room once a day to replace towels and sheets and such. You can only request a full cleaning of the room after your third day there, after that, you're on your own unless you want to pay extra for a daily clean up. The cleaning tools (vaccum, broom, sponges, dish soap) are all provided. Still, I enjoyed my stay. Especially all the money I saved! The guest services are very pleasant, the room is fancy, the bed is like sleeping on a cloud. Even though it wasn't a 5star resort, it had all I needed to satisfy my trip. It's like a 2nd apartment almost. I won't be staying anywhere else but The Jockey Club
1	Stay away, this place is just a huge time share and they promise you the moon and after hours of what should be considered torture you feel emotionally drained. I wish I would have spit on the guy that stopped me in the street instead of give him the time of day
4	This place is on an awesome location on the strip. The hotel was very clean. We stayed on the 10th floor and had one of the worse views, and the access to the strip sucked... If those things were different then I would give the Jockey club 5 stars.The place had a luxury feel with the decor in our room but I must add that my sisters room wasn't as nice but she had a better view.Everything was clean and the hotel always had a fresh clean smell.The staff was very nice and attentive when needed.The pool is open 24 hrs which was so nice when we came back from walking the strip at midnight. I loved that it didn't have a casino because I can't stand the smell of smoke and for the first time in Vegas I didn't reek of smoke.I would absolutely stay here again! The two bedroom 2 bath was huge and would sleep 6-8 people comfortably.We took full advantage of the kitchen which saved us so much money on food.If your looking for a Bellagio, cosmopolitan, Venetian type experience then u will be disappointed.
4	Perfect spot on the strip!Just to reiterate what's already been said.....*YES, it's a timeshare; therefore don't expect daily room service (just call when you need a cleaning)*YES; there's no casino; BUT you're connected to the Cosmo and a 5min walk to BellagioBONUS it's like a mini apartment, you can save and re-heat your leftover food. Chill your drinks and all that other good stuff you do at home except smoke, there is absolutely NO SMOKING, they will charge you!
2	This place smells. Like literally smells. You can smell this awful stench wafting out of it before you even walk in the door. My guess is we were about 10 feet away from the front entrance and got this rank stench that infiltrated our nostrils.It made us gag and cough it's no bueno kids, no bueno.I have no idea what the rooms are like, but based on that smell I don't want to find out. EVER.  The location is amazing and the views are amazing, which is why I thought it might be ...you guessed it...amazing.  But it reminds me of a retirement home and smells like one to boot!pass
3	Location Location LocationPrime spot on the strip and is connected to one of the classiest hotels in Vegas, the Cosmopolitan. Used this resort as a Time Share and it was pretty nice. Full Kitchen, Queen Bed, and spacious living room. I stayed here for my birthday last weekend and this room served it's purpose for it. just to give me a place to stay, a location where i dont hafta walk half a mile to get to the vegas hot spots, and enough space for friends. You can see parts of the Bellagio fountains if your room is high enough. mine was on the 3rd floor but i still got to see parts of it (the grand finale). walls are a little thin because I would hear the cleaning people walk through the halls every day. The elevator that takes you to the Cosmo makes it all worth it. it's like a vortex that takes you from some old dim hotel to a modern high end world of luxury. okay, that was dramatic but that elevator is clutch. Pros: Elevator that takes you right to the casino floor of the Cosmo. You can use the Bamboo Pool at the Cosmo. Free Wi-fiFree popcorn and coffee every dayFree DVD rentalsnearby the crystals (high end shopping center) where they also have a tram to Bellagio, Aria, Vdara, and Monte Carlo. no Casino in Jockey Club so you wont be drowning in that smoke smell. Cons: Customer service was a little lackluster. asked for blankets one time and the man that brought it to us for not answering the door within 7 seconds. Pool is pretty smallReally Dated Hotel. they shut off our water for 3 hours one day. not really sure why, but never had that problem in vegas before. our dishwasher was a lil flooded when we got there. if you're cooking, some of the kitchenware is a lil cheap so beware of that. valet costs $5 a daythe one bathroom is pretty small. bottom line: if you're not trying to stay if in the hotel for too long then it's perfect. brings you right to the best part of the strip next to bellagio, cosmo, PH...
1	All of Jockey Club or Geo Holiday promotions are near empty promises so do not buy the timeshare or do the presentation!!Thank God I didn't actually get manipulated into making the 45 year timeshare commitment during that awful presentation... with a lot of fine print that you would pay $300 an hour for any Las Vegas lawyer to wade through.First they offer "show" tickets... ridiculous!  As a Vegas local I can tell you that they are COUPONS for the types of shows that can't fill their auditoriums...  worth little to nothing on 5th rate shows...Second they offer of "$100 worth of restaurant gift certificates"  This is an outrage!  Go to reviews of restaurant.com to find out more--not "gift certificates"... COUPONS!!  With a 1000 exceptions to use... Third, "round trip air fare to anywhere in the continental US."  SCAM!!  For more check out reviews from Holiday Travel of America in Carlsbad, CA.  Don't do the presentation!!!
4	My wife and I recently stayed at The Jockey Club for a 5 day trip to Las Vegas, and I have to say that our experience here was an unexpected surprise.  I have stayed at many of the major hotels on the Las Vegas strip, and I liked our room here better than any of the other places I have been (including Mandalay Bay, MGM, and a huge suite at New York, New York).  What separated the accommodations at The Jockey Club from everywhere else was that it was like staying in a full-sized apartment.  There was a full kitchen (with dish washer, stove/oven, microwave, and refrigerator), a large living room with a sofa couch, a couple of TVs, and a nice bed room.  We also requested a room with a view of the strip, and we got an awesome view of the fountains at the Bellagio.  Our room far exceeded my expectations, and I was really happy.  Additionally, The Jockey Club is located right in the middle of the strip, with easy access to the Cosmopolitan.     So why only 4 stars? ...well because of the high pressure sales pitch that they put on us to buy a time share when we checked in.  We were already using my father-in-law's timeshare that he never uses.  Why would we want another one??  The sales person was so pushy and manipulative, and I was completely disgusted by the tactics.  They promise all types of free meals and shows, but there was either some catch that makes them not really free or they give you things that anyone can get for free on the strip.  Even though the sales people are over the top pushy, I truly enjoyed the experience staying at The Jockey Club.  It is my understanding that it was recently renovated, and I was super impressed by the accommodations.  Some of the other amenities outside of the room were lacking, but I thought the room itself was excellent.  I am glad that my father-in-law has a time share here, because I would love to come back again.
1	If you stay here, make sure you stay away from the GeoHoliday people on the 2nd floor! They will try and scam you and get you to sign a 45yr agreement (think about how long 45 yrs is). You will lose thousands of $$$ on a horrible service that you will probably never be able to use. There sales people are liars and will say anything to get you to sign, but any promises they say mean nothing as their contracts say that any oral agreement or representation is not valid.
5	We were 2 couples staying for 4 nights, and it was great to have a real apartment instead of hotel rooms. Located right between the Bellagio and the Cosmopolitan, across street from Paris, Bally's, etc.  Full, well-equipped kitchen, everything we needed, good quality. Two queen-size beds, 1 bathroom ensuite, the other across the hall. Big closets. 3 TV'S, free wi-fi, nice living room and dining room. Location is smack in the middle of the strip with an elevator directly into the Cosmopolitan Hotel. Pool and Jacuzzi spa are open 24 hrs, unlike any other hotel on the strip. Our unit had no view due to the nearness of the Cosmopolitan, but price was right ($150/nt) and we didn't stay in the room that much anyway. We really didn't notice. No issues with Time Share people as we rented from private realtor Cherri Cagle-Park at Las Vegas Realty (vacationrentals.com). She was great!! Even drove us to a grocery store so we could shop! There is a small grocery on site for small stuff, but like all convenience stores, are a bit pricey. Would stay here again in a heartbeat. She manages 11 units in the bldg, so can probably set you up with whatever you need. Very quiet, staff was friendly and helpful. Comfy beds, nice linens.
5	I was surprised that the room was so big. Definitely exceeded my expectations. We booked a room where the mirrors were the walls. That comes in handy when you have a lot of girls with one bathroom. It was enough space to fit 6 girls. I was elated at the fact there was a kitchen. Because I am vegan, I brought perishable foods. Having a BIG refrigerator in a room is what is making me recommend this place. I am also happy about the location of this hotel. It is literally a 2 minute walk (including the time it took for the elevator) to get to the Cosmopolitan Casino. We just needed to walk through the parking structure and take the elevator up. I'm already planning on coming back around July and I recommended this place. There is only one downside (which is not to important to me). But the rooms are not as modern as the hotel rooms on the strip. But I did not mind.
3	What can I say? It was cheap? It was centrally located? It was cheap?You get the point... it was cheap. My girlfriend booked it for her bachelorette party and we were splitting it between 8 people. For 3 nights we paid around $130. Cheap, I know. But was the cheapness worth it? I guess I'm trying to figure that out...The rooms weren't bad by any means. It was clean. It was nice to have a kitchenette. Especially the full size fridge, which held a lot of... drinks cold. I wish there was an option to get two double beds instead of a king bed with sofa pull out, but the pull out, which I slept on, wasn't too uncomfortable. But the catch? It's "connected" to the Cosmo. But to get to the Cosmo you literally have to go to an elevator, across a hallway, to another elevator, across the hallway to another elevator, through the laundry room... okay, I'm lying about that last part, but you get it, right? It's confusing. And far. We basically gave up and went out the main entrance of the Jockey Club and walked around to the main entrance of the Cosmo.We were also under the impression that we had access to all three of Cosmo pools. You do not. You only have access to the pool on the 14th floor. That pool is also up an elevator, through a hallway, down a longer hallway and up another elevator. It's far. And the pool is small and overcrowded. There were absolutely no chairs available when we arrived at 10am (early for Vegas standards!). The pool food menu is also incredibly limited, with not even a nacho platter on it! I'll admit, the gauc and chips were okay, but just okay. There is a small pool at the Jockey Club, but let's be honest, it was boring. No music, no food and NO sunlight. What's the point??Would I stay here again? No. I'd pay a little more to be in a normal hotel. But to be clear, it was not dirty or uncomfortable. Just inconvenient. And I'm not a gambler, so the pool is really important to me. I was not into the pool choice. To me, the best pool in Vegas of the three places I've stayed, Planet Hollywood and Aria, Aria was the best by far. Oh yeah, I may have snuck into the Bellagio pool too, and that was nice, but very laid back (aka older crowd). Why go to Vegas and not break the rules a little, right?
4	Honestly surprised at how decent the place was - 2 night stay in May 2013.  The location can't be beat, nor can the price.  Eight of us paid $110 for two nights for two 2-bedroom apartments - that's insanely cheap given the room prices of the Cosmopolitan and Bellagio (both right next door).  The Cosmo allows you to use the Bamboo pool when staying at the JC.  The pool at the JC is average given that it's surrounded by tall buildings.  Overall, we were all satisfied as to the awesome strip location and affordability.
4	I don't need over the top extravagant rooms while I stay in Vegas. Jockey Club is just right and within the right location. It is in between the Bellagio and Cosmopolitan. The elevators will take you straight into the Cosmo, which is a huge plus. If you can't afford Cosmo but enjoy the hotel, the Jockey Club is right for you. Across the street is Planet Hollywood. Seriously, so very convenient. Two bedroom suite is priced reasonably. Fully equipped kitchen, dining area, living room with fold out bed, the rooms are spacious and so is closet space. The closet in the master room can even accommodate a queen sized bed! Staff is helpful and courteous except for maybe the front desk lady who checked me in. She was a little rude but called the same day to ask how we were. Don't know if she was checking up on us or genuinely curious? There is complimentary coffee and popcorn on the first floor. Lady in there is not the nicest. I guess when I speak of staff I'm referring to valet service. They are very helpful and caring. Lastly, i guess where the one star being knocked off is due to the  bathrooms because they are oooookay. Ive had problems with it clogging so quickly and the showers dont drain fast enough. I don't know if it was those particular rooms, but still, it can be a pain in the ass.I would definitely come back to stay over and over again
4	I was pretty skeptical when my friend booked this room.  I have never heard of Jockey Club, nor new of their location on the strip.  Upon staying 2 nights at a basic room, I am pretty sure I'll be coming back.  Although not top of the line, the hotel provides great rooms for their price.  I have to say the rooms were rather spacious and was impressed with the full amenities provided.  The kitchen was fully stock with silverware, plates, coffee dispenser, ice trays, working stove top.  The rooms were clean kept and so was the bathrooms.  Location is probably the biggest selling point, because it is literally in the heart of the strip.  You could access Cosmopolitan from the garage elevator and the walk to Bellagio  with ease.However, the pool is pretty darn small and when I was visiting, pretty dirty.
4	I was VERY skeptical of The Jockey Club.  I was flying into Las Vegas for the wedding during the same weekend as EDC.  I was prepared to spend $$$$.  Every hotel on the strip was charging $250+ per night but I came across a listing for The Jockey Club through VRBO for only $80/night.  I struck gold!The reservation process seems sketchy-- every unit is owned privately so your experience may vary.  This review is for room 694 through Suite Vacations Inc.  I had a few messages back and forth with the unit owner and had to paypal funds on a leap of faith.  Lucky for me they are completely legit.  The reservation was independently confirmed with the security manager at The Jockey Club so I had peace of mind.  This timeshare is CONNECTED to The Cosmopolitan with access to their Bamboo Pool.  They also have their own pool and their own gym (w/ a water cooler).  A free shuttle to supermarkets, vending machines, etc.  Very very convenient.  The common areas are a bit dingy but I found my unit to be extremely clean.  The unit is HUGE.  I'm talking a 1 bedroom with a walk in closet, a living room w/ a sofa bed, a full kitchen with a stove, fridge, sink, an island with stools and a dining table set.  Free wifi.  $80/night.  I kid you not.  I don't think I can ever justify staying anywhere else on the strip.  Every morning I wake up in Vegas,  I can use the money I saved and bet $170 on black.  or red.  or double zero.  It doesn't matter because a penny saved is a penny I can throw around however I like in Sin City.
4	First off this diamond in the rough is between the Cosmopolitan and the Bellagio Casinos. Dont trust your GPS it will get you lost!This amazing place is yes, hard to find but once you find it... you're in it to win it.Rooms are very comfortableIt has a kitchenettePool is coveredA/C was an 8 out of a 10From the hotel front door to the strip is a 2 minute walk at the most. Balls to the wall a great place to stay on the strip
4	Talk about a diamond in the rough.  This place is wedged between the Cosmo and the Bellagio, and definitely isn't as nice as either of them, but makes up for it in price, helpful staff, and roomy accommodations.We rented a one bedroom suite for EDC weekend for only 150 a night total, and it was perfect.  The kitchen was large and had everything we needed to cook breakfast and dinner (but really, who eats at EDC?)  The living room was huge, with enough space to pullout the queen bed and have an air mattress.  The TV was a nice flat screen and came with all the good channels. Our bedroom was large and comfortable, though the view was of the Cosmo wall.  I've heard on the other side you can see the Bellagio fountains.  Must be nice.  The bathroom was cozy, but completely normal.It's super easy to get to the Cosmo by heading up an elevator to the casino floor, and the Bellagio is a quick 5 minute walk around a parking lot.The staff was helpful, valet was cheap, and I never once got asked to attend any timeshare meetings.  There's a little movie rental room downstairs with free coffee that was great and has a pretty decent movie selection.  I never checked out the pool but it looked decent from afar. Overall, for 150 a night during the busiest weekend in Vegas, this place is the best deal on the strip!
5	We own a Welk timeshare and rented this place for the week via Interval International. Checking in was amazingly easy and fast. Walked up, told her my name, signed a paper, got 4 keys, and was on my marry way. Steven was the bell hop gentlemen that took out stuff to the room. He was super friendly and very helpful. The parking garage level for the Jockey club is SUPER hot but thats whatever. At first it is a pain to figure out the elevators, how to get to your room, and what not. The room was amazing. Kitchen, very spacious living room with a sectional and pull out bed, the bedroom was amazingly large with a walk in closet and safe. The kitchen has everything you could possible need. I love to cook and honestly, I could not think of anything that the kitchen did not have covered already. We found out by the 4th day out of our week stay that we can have a rollaway bed brought up. We jumped on that so my Sister-in-law would not have to sleep on the floor because out other friend claimed the pullout and would not share. lolThe pool was nice, I liked the covering it had. The fitness room was used all week by one of the girls in our party. She loved it. My only issue was the windows, I don't like windows surrounding my while I work out. I feel like I'm on display. Our room had a view of the Bellagio fountains so that was perfect. Housekeeping never came into the room. Part of me was a tad annoyed but another part of me was whatever about it. They kept up with the towels and the toilet paper. We did a lot of swimming at the JC, Cosmo, and Caesars Palace pool so we were always taking showers. We only got bugged once into going to a timeshare presentation but I only agreed to go because they said free stuff and we were hoping it would have been to a place for dinner or something. Instead it was for 2 shows. Its ok though, one of the girls will be back in Oct and said she would used them during that visit. Also, my SIL was able to get a trial vacation timeshare so that worked out as well. We'll be back again, can't wait to stay at JC again. :D Home away from home.
1	Zero stars!!! To begin with you know customer service is the most important thing in a resort and this resort has no customer service!!! Second it is a waist of time to book a reservation because they don't give you what they promise! Third my swimming pool at home is bigger than the one they have here!! This resort treats their visitors like crap and end up ruining your vacation to Vegas!! The price is not worth the bad treatment!! Alot of people recomend this place cause they have no self worth and are blind to reality!!!!!!!!! Don't waist your time with this place they will only ruin your Vacation!! They lie and say that you can use the swimming pool at the cosmopolitan resort.  It is a lie.  The place smells and to get to the parking area is hard to find.  No valet service and parking lot is far away from the entrance.
1	So my husband and I got lured into this smelly hotel to go to one of them timeshare/free vacation/free stuff scam.They said for 90 min of our time we would recieve a $100 gift card,no commitment no money up front.LIARS!We were there 3 hours w a bunch of older couples being scammed the same way.They asked for a monthly payment of $560 $300 down payment and a total of more than $5000 for some bogus timeshare.The people were so ignorant and wouldn't take no for an answer.They got mad when we refused to buy and insisted in lowering the price if we put money down.After a brutal breaking point I finally cussed the guy out and he directed me to two other scammers who indisted we buy.Then finally got our stupid gift card.Absolutely not worth anyones time.Be careful with these people.They won't give up without a fight.
5	Stayed at The Jockey Club for a bachelorette party. This was a really nice and furnished place to stay. It had a fully equipped kitchen which was ssoooo convenient! It is also right behind the cosmopolitan, so u can just walk less than 3 minutes out of your hotel room and you are right at the strip! Would definitely recommend this place. Parking is underground and shared with cosmopolitan hotel :)
4	This is a no frills hotel, with a great location, and depending on your room-an amazing view. This is a timeshare property, but it's easy to avoid the sales pitch.This hotel is located in between the Bellagio and the Cosmopolitian. Check in was smooth. We stayed in the Derby Tower on the 10th floor. Our room was facing the Bellagio fountain and Paris. The room is large and includes a kitchen, dining roo abke, living room, 1.5 bath, walk-in closet, and huge bedroom. The hotel does have quiet hours, so no late night parties. We loved that part. The only downsides were hearing construction vehicles early in the morning and I would not feel safe walking back to the hotel or even with a girlfriend. It's a short, but not well-lit walk from the strip. I would stay again in a heartbeat. You aren't going to find a larger room and amazing location for the money.
3	We stayed at the Jockey Club as part of an exchange through our timeshare program and I have no regrets about it but I certainly do have done reservations about some things. We got there late at night on a Friday and the only room available was a handicapped access room without a tub and with the other ADA accommodations. No big deal! We were stating a week and I like bathtubs so they told us that we could call in the morning and get moved to a different room if we would like. When I called the desk in the morning I was given attitude because I called "too late" in the morning. It was about 10am! Who gets moving early in Vegas, especially when you arrive at 2am?! We were treated so poorly about if that we just decided to keep the room. It was a very clean, spacious, we'll appointed room with a comfy bed. The view was of dumpsters but I get that not every room in a resort can look at something pretty so that's no big deal. The customer service was consistently off at The Jockey Club, we seemed to be putting them out when asking for change or inquiring about services. I'm not sure how comfortable I would have been using the pool here. It seemed nice (but modest) but I don't know about the location. It's nice that the fitness center overlooks it- that would be helpful if I was exercising and the kids were playing in the pool so I could watch them. However, the timeshare sales center also overlooks the pool. There are always a lot of people in the sales center (during the day) and they come and go through the dude of the pool deck. I think that I would kind of feel like I was in display if I was using the pool. It certainly wouldn't be very relaxing for sunbathing but it is a nice enough, basic pool space. Wifi:From the very time we got there we were having a problem using the wifi. We each have iPhones and brought iPads as we'll and NONE of the devices could get on the network! We were told that it "must be busy because it's the weekend" and dismissed without an offer of further assistance. The next day  we were told that we must be wrong about not bring able to get on because our room was right by the pool and that's where their wifi signal is. ???? I assure you, we know how to use wifi and The The Jockey Club's simply did not work while we were there! I assume that it worked for some people but they just don't gave enough to accommodate the demands. I was able to log on briefly a couple of times while I was standing in the hallway outside the room but we would quickly  get kicked off the network. I was able to get wifi while I was in the laundry room and the signal was pretty strong. Unfortunately, this was on a different floor and a different end of the building from our room so that didn't do me much good besides that 5 minutes when I was waiting for my stuff to come out of the dryer.
5	The funny thing is that when the first time I saw this place I thought it was a strip club.  Then I find out that it is a resort and part of a timeshare.  So, it was our first time staying at this resort.  When we checked in the lady at the front desk was extremely friendly and smiled the hold time she was checking us in.  It makes you fill pretty well when the staff at a hotel is really nice.  When we got to the room it was a nice one bedroom suite and on the plus side it had a walk in closet.   It was nice to hang all of our cloths in the closest.  Not every hotel or resorts have a walk in closest.  Our view was not bad we had a view of the strip.  While if you decided to stay at the Jockey Club.  I definitely recommend it.
4	Stayed at the timeshare and was pleasantly surprised.We had a 1 bedroom suite with a full kitchen (fully stocked). Everything was modern, clean and safe. We had a living room area with french doors leading to the bedroom. Points to ponder:-Parking sucks. When you self-park, good luck finding your car. Its a trek!!!-Steps to Cosmo casino. We found ourselves gambling next door!-Steps from the strip. Easy access.-Elevators take forever!-Hallways are quiet. I didn't hear people walking the halls or thru the walls, etc.-Bathroom fan was really loud?-Bad view from our room but we were barely in the room.-Free movie rental and popcorn in the lobby.-There's a small convenience store in the lobby. (Items are more $$$).-You get a packet upon check-in. Read the materials because there's freebies!!!Great option for staying on the strip!
1	Do something better with your "degree" than prey on people and treat them rudely when they don't buy.Don't tell your "street contractors" to promise things you can't provide then switch. I believe that's called bait and switch and should be illegal if it isn't. I'll be contacting the BBB and whatever authority is over your real estate license. To those thinking about attending:Don't waste your time they will lie to you and they will try and ruin your day if you don't buy. If you plan on buying by all means go.If you really want to buy from this scam of a developer please review the resales available online.http://www.sellmytimesharenow.com/timeshare/Jockey+Club/resort/buy-timeshare/#2
5	We were invited here by friends for dinner after the reunion .  They had a Time Share in this cozy club which they purchase way back in the 80's and  conveniently located between the Bellagio & if I am not mistaken the Continental right on the Strip. The place was immaculately clean, from the entrance all the way up to the rooms. The place was compete with full kitchen, living room, bathroom, dining room & 2 bedrooms & a view of the strip...a really nice place to have than staying in the hotels.  You can cook your own meals...and also came with all the amenities, TV & a bar....  We all had fun, it was our last day of the reunion & they served some good Filipino Food of Sinigang, Brown Rice, Halabos na Hipon,  Beef Steak,  & some salad...Thoroughly enjoyed the company...always nice to see old friends .took a lot of pictures & just happy recounting the good old days...Having to get a Time Share there now probably cost an arm & a leg...
1	This review is pertaining to their customer service or lack there of. Read on for my full explanation.So I am on the freeway listening to the highway station when I hear a promo about receiving a prize if I answer a trivia question correctly that is asked on the air. I answered correctly so the lady on the other end said to come down to the Jockey Club to claim my prize of tickets to a show on the strip. She takes down my name and number so I can verify that its me claiming my prize.An hour later, I get a call from some guy named Jason from the Jockey Club congratulating me on winning my prize. This is where the lies and bad customer service begin. He asks me if I wanted 2 complimentary roundtrip tickets for 3 days/2 nights anywhere in the U.S. except for Hawaii and Alaska just for attending their 120 minute time share presentation. He said there was no obligation to buy and the roundtrip airfare and accommodations voucher was mine to keep. I tell him I am not interested and that I don't have time for that. Instead of letting it go, he started going on about how much more money I can save if I just get a timeshare through them instead of going through your basic hotel. Again, I politely say I am not interested and that I will be picking up my show tickets the next day. Was he done? Nope. He went to add that since I was going to pick it up, I might as well attend the seminar and claim the complimentary airfare/accommodation voucher. At this point, I repeat myself again but in a irritated voice that I don't want anything to do with a timeshare. So he rudely says "Ok that's fine", and hangs up on me. So the next day, I show up to claim my tickets. The guy at the counter tells me to wait while he gets my vouchers. I show him my ID and he gives it to me but not without asking me if I was gonna do the seminar. I said no thanks and left. As I get to my car, I look at the vouchers and see that I have two vouchers equaling two tickets each. One was for The Mentalist and one was for Mark Savard. If you refer to my pic, on the vouchers it says that you must pay a 5 dollar service charge for each ticket. WHAT A SCAM! How are these tickets free if you have to pay to use them?Needless to say, I don't think I will be redeeming these vouchers any time soon or maybe not at all. But wait, just when you think its over, Jason calls me again the next day. He said since I claimed my prize he was willing to offer me a 100 dollar gift card to Best Buy to go through their seminar. I said that's great but what about the free roundtrip airfare/accommodations offer the day before? He replied with oh, did I offer that to you? Ok well then did you want that one instead? Excuse me? You went from airfare tickets to a 100 dollar gift card? And what about the "free" ticket vouchers? It says I have to pay a 5 dollar service charge for each ticket. He said that they have no control over the service charge and that the Planet Hollywood box office has those rights. I said that's BS. You are giving away "free" ticket vouchers and you cant even just cover the service fee? So I said never to call me again and hung up.2 days later, I get yet another call from somebody in the prize department for the Jockey Club following up on my recent prize and to do his spiel. I told him that I have already spoken to Jason at least a couple times about it and that I was definitely not interested. In closing, what kind of shady company are these guys running? I swear if anybody else calls me from that place in regards to attending a timeshare then I just might take legal action. These fools should be called "The Joke Club" instead. They never seem to tell you the truth and they want to keep calling you even though you have clearly stated you want nothing to do with them. Even if I was interested in a time share, based on their persistent bad customer service, why would I even consider them? If you are reading this and might be in the same boat, don't do it, its not worth the hassle. Not with these guys anyway.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #12
1	My boyfriend and I were invited for the timeshare presentation and if we went we would get a free 3 day 2 night trip in the US. No cost to us. We get there and the valet is $5 (Which they said would be refunded and it wasn't.) We fill out the paperwork and are asked to wait in the lounge. They do provide coffee, hot chocolate, etc in small styrofoam cups. Self serve though. They bring you to a table in a room with a bunch of other people, balloons, and ridiculously loud music. Our sales lady, Trina, then asks a bunch of questions trying to make small talk but we could both tell she didn't care at all. Then got our vacation preferences and verified income once again. The presentation was great and sounded like a good deal. They offer you a membership with an annual fee and monthly payment etc. sounds great but they ask for over 1200 down. I thought this was a no cost obligation tour. We politely said no then.... They completely flipped the switch on their attitudes! Trina AND her manager. He left without saying anything then Trina crumpled up our paper and said well I guess were done. And showed us out.  Waste of time, full of lies, and horrible customer service. I wouldn't advise going no matter what they say they will give you.
4	4 stars because we have 2- 2 bedroom 2 bath suites that come with a living room and full kitchen for a really affordable price! Oh and a walk in closet in each room. We're here for the weekend and after a night of drinking, came back to the room and I guess somebody slipped up because the door wasn't shut all the way. Thankfully, security came to let us know 3 in the morning and got that rectified. It's hidden behind the Cosmo and it's not fabulous as the Cosmo but for the price, shoot I'm not complaining.
5	I've stayed at the Jockey Club on 4 separate occasions and have always had a great experience. They offer 1 and 2 bedroom suites that are clean and spacious. The staff is friendly, helpful, and the rates are reasonable. If you drive you get complimentary parking in the Cosmopolitan Parking garage and even use of one of their pools. I'll be staying at The Jockey Club on my next trip to Vegas!
2	Well my experience here is BAD.We had a last minute trip to Las Vegas . Traveling with two 18 month olds meant we have to look for something which has a full kitchen .The Strip Hotels are limited with full kitchen experience but pleasantly quick search revealed this hotel.It was budget friendly  advertised to have views of Bellagio fountains.!!!Wow what more do you want.I readily booked it. However in the booking and as well as twice before our arrival date I called the hotel to get the room with the view of the fountains.This was our 5th anniversary and I wanted to surprise my husband with great views from the room while going easy on the budget.The customer care was never assuring they never said any encouraging words just said we will see to what can we do.However the day we arrived I called 3 hours prior to check in same response.we checked in around 3PM one hour before regular hours ...the lady at the reception was so very rude I just cannot fathom how someone that rude can be at the customer service.she simply said the room we want would not be cleaned before 5:30???what the regular check in is at 4:00 I was ready to wait for 1 more hour but 5:30???come on she kept on stressing 3PM check in is early and they cannot give a room and all that  without any consideration what so ever.We were traveling with two toddlers from Sacramento!!I got frustrated however after much dilemma they were able to give us the same room!!!!around 4:00.surprisingly room service cleaned it before hand it seems.However this new room was better with a partial view of the belagio fountains still not a full view room as we requested.However we just got frustrated and stayed there.To add to this pain there was constant pestering of this old man who promoted the timeshare  presentation all in the midst of this turmoil we were having at the front desk .they were just opposite but had no consideration for our our children's tiredness .He constantly urged us to attend the presentation.Finally my husband gave in and agreed to attend it next day.The next day our toddlers got a little sick from the exhaustion and finally we were able to avoid that sham of a presentation ,which I later came to know after reading reviews on YELP!Thank you Yelpers!you made me feel great about my decision to not attend.On the day of checkout as well the same drama no response from the front desk rude replies when asked for a cart or valet service.they literally drop the phone on you and not even bother to call you back even when you asked them for cart/valet by the next 10 minutes.I had to come down personally to the front desk from my hotel room to get things done.VERY VERY UNPROFESSIONAL.So why the two stars???The room was really well kept , big and clean with a very well equipped kitchen with all utensils and  tools.Though we ended up eating mostly outside but families can enjoy a really good home cooked meal here.Also the partial view of the Belagio  fountains next door was superb and  enjoyable..
1	Do not fall for the "free show ticket" its an intro for hidden upgrade fees they only talk about when you go to the show! Bbbboooooo
5	Absolutly amazing. 7 stars .The only bad reviews for Jockey Club seem to be from people hassled  and manipulated by the time share agents!. I stayed at Jockey Club for 12 nights in February. I booked direct through JC online for a suite at back without Bellagio view as it was what I could afford, and assumed I would not be spending much time in my room. Upon check-in the lovely Latrice upgraded me to a Penthouse suite with Bellagio  fountain views without my asking. I was stunned by this generosity. I was stunned speechless again when I got to my suite. Huge in size, spottless clean and fresh smelling, with floor to ceiling wall to wall windows overlooking the fountains; SQUEEEEEEAALLLLLLL.  King bed, blackout drapes, huge walk in closet, safe, ironing board/iron, Bath, shower,hairdryer, 2 large flat screen T.V.s, DVD players (free dvd rental at hospitality), dining area, full fit kitchen, lounge area. A very comfortable spacious home from home, tastefully decorated. Down the corridor is coin op. laundry, wash and dry .  The second floor pool is heated, and just the right size for relaxing in, gym with various machines and a hot tub jacuzzi and showers are all open 24/7.  This area also has a Sauna, ice machine, several gas BBQs and ping pong, and a fresh towel area. Entrance to parking or Cosmo is available on level 2 or level 1 . Every part of the property, from the outdoor smoking lounges, entrances, lobby, corridors and lifts were clean tidy and well maintained. Housekeeping provided fresh towels, coffee and sundries everyday or as requested, and cleaned rooms/changed bedding once a week in my suite. They were pleasant, helpful and unobtrusive.The Jockey Club offer free shuttle bus  5 days a week (check your welcome pack), to useful places you'd otherwise need a $$$taxi for, eg: Smiths supermarket, Premium Outlet Malls north and south, Downtown Freemont St..etc. I had a wonderful time in Vegas and one of the key factors in making it a very memorable  special vacation was the Jockey Club. All the staff I met or dealt with including the shuttle drivers and security were friendly, professional and efficient with laid back attitudes that helped me feel relaxed and well looked after. (I forgot the code to my room safe, and front desk had Security in my room and problem solved in less than 3 minutes.) The timeshare rep.s must not have liked the look of me as I was not approached once in 13 days, even though I passed them several times a day.If you are looking for something more than a hotel room in Vegas, and would prefer a quiet,clean, non-gambling/smoking oasis in the middle of all the madness a stone's throw from the Strip; I ,110% recommend the Jockey Club. I am already planning a return visit to Vegas and will most definitely be staying at the Jockey Club.
4	This place is affordable and very roomy. It's about $150 a night and you get a full living room and a kitchen. I stayed here for the first time last weekend for spring break and was very impress for the stay and the price I paid for it. It's connected to the Cosmo and plus it's on the strip. It's totally worth it and you can walk straight to the strip from here. I would definitely refer this place to my family And friends and I'll probably be staying here from now on in Vegas.
1	I have stayed in a number if hotels out here in Vegas and this by far has to be the biggest joke of a hotel.  Parking is a nightmare the "suite" is time I think the closet is bigger than the kitchen and has a werid smell to it and the room has no view of the bellagio water show can hear it but that it.  There is also no room service you have to walk to the Cosmo for the closest food or have a microwaved pizza that they say is delivered to the lobby but it's not it's cooked there.  And I don't think I've seen a CD player in a hotel room in 10 years.... Horrible I may not even finsh my stay here
4	The reviews complaining about no view, or no restaurant, or no pampering, apparently did ZERO research before booking. Jockey Club is a non-casino hotel, somehow wedged between Bellagio and Cosmo. Jockey Club was here long before either of those interlopers, and for whatever reason neither developer bought the property. So whats left is a small, condo hotel.Rooms are within closer walking distance to the strip than either hotel mentioned above. Dedicated parking and elevator is in the Cosmo garage. Every room has a FULL kitchen - range, oven, microwave, fridge freezer, coffee maker, dishwasher. Dining area, Walk in closet.  Separate living/sleeping areas. I challenge you to find that elsewhere on the strip, especially at a comparable rate.I never even saw a timeshare sales rep.My room was spotless, cleaned and restocked daily, and absolutely perfect. Mind you, I've spend countless nights in LV at the Trump and Elara, plus forays to Mandalay and Mirage. I know whereof I speak. Elara and Trump offer the full suite experience, but were too pricey for this trip. The other strip casino hotels you get zero amenities in the room unless you book super premium suites, not even coffee.Biggest drawback is lack of view and full service. If your thing is sitting in a hotel room looking at a view of the strip, having your every need catered to, then this is not your place. But if you can lay in some groceries, don't plan to spend hours in your room gazing at the view, and can walk a hundred feet to the Cosmo for food and fun, stay here.
1	- Staying at this hotel is like staying at a ghetto on the strip, it's not comparable to any of the hotels around! Be ready to have view towards a tall concrete wall which allows hardly to see any light!- The double bed was very springy, and every tiny movement was shaking the entire bed. So it was so uneasy to sleep two people on the bed. - There is no daily cleaning for the room, but only the change of towels. They say they clean on 3rd day, so if staying over a long weekend, forget about cleaning!- The Internet connection was not reliable- The hotel staff were not reliable and committed to their words, and are rude!!  We had a room with the view towards the wall, and we were trying to change the room since first moment. They said there was no available room at all. Finally we asked them if we would be refunded if we changed the hotel. They said we would and there would be no problem, so accordingly we booked a room in another hotel and got back to the same receptionist asking for checkout and refund. But she said "sorry, I made a mistake". Long story short, we lost 130 dollar in cancelling our new reservation. The managers behaviour in handling the situation was very rude. Moreover, they only accepted to give us a different room when they saw we us keen on leaving, and not earlier! Anyway, we lost 130 dollars over their mistake and mislead, and they took no responsibility for that!- They made us sign a paper upon check in that if the final cleaning of the room takes more than 1:15 hours after checkout, they could charge us a big money (don't remember how much). I have been traveling a lot, but I had never seen such a condition in any hotels! The bottom line, we will never stay at this hotel again.
4	With the exception of the employees that try to sell you timeshare expenses, the price you pay for a night at the Jockey Club, AND CONSIDERING IT'S LOCATION, is a great steal.Ok, get over the view looking out the window if your room is facing South.  Get over the lack of a HUGE vegas party pool and lobby full of gambling.  IT'S A SIMPLE HOTEL with perhaps one of the better, if not best, amenities ON THE STRIP.  These are the perks:1. A 24 hour pool and gym.2. A full kitchen.3. PLENTY of walking room around the suite.4. Frendly staff.5. Good prices.6. A mini mart inside the hotel lobby.7. IT'S ON THE CENTER OF STRIP!!But yes, the downside is that you're staying at a place that also sells timeshares but don't sit down for any meetups and don't let that bother you.  The beds aren't the most comfortable but they will definitely do..........as a matter of fact, when you're coming back to the room late from the strip, that's the last thing on your mind.
4	We went to Vegas on Memorial Day weekend and found a room/suite at the Jockey Club available through vrbo.  I guess a lot of the suites are privately owned or something.  We got a great deal - $320 for 3 nights on Memorial Day weekend!  Whaaaatt?! haha.  Everywhere else we looked had rooms available for crazy high prices.  We felt lucky that we found a suite at the Jockey Club.  Like others said, there is no view, but the location is awesome!  We were nestled between the Cosmopolitan (connected to the Cosmo and you can get to their casino through the elevator) and Bellagio right on the strip!  The suite we stayed in had a full kitchen, living room and walk-in closet.  It was a pretty good size for just two people.  Grant it there were no toiletries provided (no soap, shampoo, conditioner, etc.) but there were plenty of towels available.  There was also a lot of utensils, cups, plates and cookware ready to use.  We actually ate in for a couple of our meals!  There is also free parking on one level of the Cosmo parking structure reserved just for Jockey Club patrons.  And you get to use one of the pools at the Cosmo too, which I recommend since the Jockey Club pool is pretty much like a community center pool.  Although when we went, it was crazy busy and there were no chairs available so I'd only recommend the Cosmo pool on non-busy weekends.  All in all we enjoyed our stay here and would stay here again.  The only downside was the toiletries, the mirror facing the bed (totally bad feng shui), and that the TV is in the living room and not in the bedroom (I like watching tv in bed =P).
4	We've been using this hotel the past 3 years and I have yet to be disappointed. I'm actually pretty surprised by some of the pictures because all the suites we've been placed in have been pretty well maintained and everything we needed.It's a hidden gem and I don't really care to share but if you're looking for a reasonable place to stay while in vegas AND within walking distance to everything on the strip, this is the place to stay because honestly majority of the time if you're not in your room, then you're spending way too much money for nothing at other hotels.Love how quaint this place is and we're pretty rowdy and we never get complaints. I wasn't even aware that they sell timeshares at this place, hahaha. maybe check it out next and take advantage of the food.
4	Stayed here a couple of times during our Vegas trips. Very decent place and close to everything on the strip. I loved how spacious the rooms were and the kitchen with the dinning room that came with it. It was great to have guests over and catch up on old times. The only downfall paying for parking valet, which takes forever to get your car back when you need to go somewhere. Also, no breakfast included in this place.
1	Please be aware of the time share sell!! Like those postings not recommended, the guy on the street promised the free stay was to be in the Cosmo, but that was not true. He promised there would be only three questions and a visit to their rooms, casino, and a brief preso.  Definitely not true ... The preso lasted an hour, they don't have a casino if their own, and the model room was a pit!! The carpeting from the elevator to the room was stained and worn.  The pool was small and crammed between two large resorts. Last of all the free gifts were misrepresented.
2	So this place is interesting. Got sucked in to a TimeShare presentation, since that's what the property is.It has a cooler story than atmosphere. The Cosmopolitan sits right on top of it now. Cool that you can use the amenities of a newer hotel when you stay at the Jockey.The people are sleazy though. The sales guys pushy and when you say no, they send in the circus to try and close you three more times.Oh well. I got some free stuff and decided if I ever buy a timeshare, it won't be here!The Grandview is better ;)
4	I have not stayed here yet. I booked two rooms for October of this year for my birthday. So far I can say the price and location cannot be beat. I want to have more play money than spending it on a bed to sleep in! What am I expecting? A full kitchen, a short walk to the strip and valet.I am not expecting, room service, a great view (as I based on reviews and my research its a 50/50 chance)  and definitely not any resort fees added to each night. WOOO!Sounds good enough for me. So far.I will post an update on and after my trip!
5	My absolute favorite place to stay in Vegas. Large and clean rooms, not to mention the totally awesome location. It is a super affordable hidden gem.
4	I thought I blew this time-share acquisition until the Cosmo was built! Now I love staying here and using the Cosmo "facilities" at a discount rate...
4	The jockey club has been my go-to hotel for any and all Vegas trips since I discovered it in 2011. I have to disagree with some of the reviews below, because I really do believe you get a huge bang for your buck here!The staff is subpar (our housekeeper had to be asked MULTIPLE TIMES to take out our trash and switch out our towels during our 4 night stay), but for the price and location, you really can't get a better deal than the Jockey Club. Some of the suites have been updated since I last stayed here in 2013, and I really love what they have done to the place with the paneled floor-to-ceiling mirrors in the living room.  I believe that they have also updated the comforters to nice fluffy ones instead of the cheap cotton ones that they used to have - but I might be remembering this wrong. Otherwise, everything else is pretty much the same. There is a covered path from the hotel into the Cosmopolitan, which is perfect for the rare rainy day in Las Vegas. With a room key you can also get access to the Cosmo pool, which is definitely a nice plus!If you plan on staying on the strip with a large group, I would highly recommend booking the Jockey Club for a reasonably priced stay! Book early though, the suites fill up fast!!
1	My husband won which was suppose to be great show tickets on the radio on the way up from California. Can't remember name of radio station as when you call they say radio promotions whats your answer. I am pretty sure they are in on this as and although say the first 25 callers I am sure everyone is a winner to get you into their timeshare presentation... The lady on the phone said if we qualify we could be entered for a 2000 vacation package. With our income we did not qualify and were told we still won the tickets and to pick them up at the Jockey Club. We arrived after trying to find where to park with the circus of a parking lot they have... Every person we dealt with were rude, like you had to be millionaires to be talked to with a good attitude. The lady at Geo Vacation was like we'll you need to sit through our presentation and its 90 min long and we need a credit card and id. She was very snotty and told us our name was not even in the computer. After calling the radio station back they said we go to the 1st level at the concierge desk. The guy there also tried to get us in the presentation he didn't even verify our name that was suppose to be on file. Then when we told him we didn't quality he threw the tickets at us, with an attitude like shu fly. I have posted pass of the tickets of their great show.. First the one guy I never heard of. I don't consider standup a great vegas show when I can see comedy like this in California. Second the one ticket said box office fee of $12.50 per person and the other was a buy one get one. If you want free go do my vegas on facebook. We have actually had our whole vacation paid for free including hotel at luxor, show tickets and buffets. This place was a joke, it looked very trashy I have been to condo timeshares in Vegas with a lot better facility and nicer staff. Even if it was free I would not stay here. Oh and to top it off when we left Valet which was $5.00 came to our car saying very rude we couldn't park where we were... Well then have better signs on your place, it felt like I was in a circus. It was a waste of my 15 min which I will never get back. This place is a JOKE
1	all I got to say is that thet are really pushy nasty people, at the begining they treat you like rock stars, all they do is sell timeshares, but if for some reason you say NO they become really trashy, I dont like hipocrate people and EVERYONE there seem really nice but at the end everyone was very nasty because we didnt sign our life away on their 45 YEARS!!!! memebership!!! WTH people really?!!! i'm giving a star because I did end up with  some tickets, stay away from this bloodsuckers!!!!
1	This place is horrible. They lie to you and tell you that u win gifts or a trip and that u dont come out of pocket. I asked if it was a time share and they told me no. When I got there it was timeshare. And the gifts that they tey to give u that u dont come out of pocket u do pay for. They are liars and tricked us into  what turned out to be nothing they talked about!
4	I stayed here for EDC and yes this review way over due but whatever. I still remember what it was like. OKKK SOO...i have never stayed at the jockery club before. This was my first time staying a room where there was actually bedrooms! We had a two bedroom with a full on kitchen and living room. When we walked in our mind was blown and was super excited! The rooms were nice and spacious. There was also 2 bathrooms. I usually stay in a suite room so this was a nice change! Although not as glamorous it was nice to feel like we were a home instead of a hotel room.The parking is a little confusing at first but its on the 3rd floor of the cosmo parking lot. When you check in they give you this piece of paper you put on your car. Ok so the main issue I had was checking in. So our confirmation said check in was at 3pm. So we arrived chilled until it was 3 and tried to check in. Lo and behold our room was not ready and it would be an hour. Ok cool chilled in the lobby and check back in and our room was still not ready. It would be ready at 5:30!!!!!! UH WHAT THE FACK! Ok so I did not skip work and head to vegas at like 6AM to arrive early for this BS. I wanted to come here to check in early so I can get ready for EDC and get as much sleep as I can to stay up all night. That was incredibly annoying. But whatever what can be done. Another representative was already getting yelled at by an angry parent for the same exact reason.So the room was what made it awesome. Service was whatever. The plus though was even though I was not the person who booked the room, I was able to check in since my friend put me down as a guest so I did not had to wait for her to arrive. And she was able to check in whenever she arrived and they gave her a key. The problem was when she arrived, they gave her the wrong room! Then when they got the room right they gave her the wrong key and it didnt work! So she spent 2hrs figuring that out instead of getting ready for EDC. So if you are ok with pretty decent price and nice room this is the place for you. But if service is important probably not the best place to go. Patience is important here. Glad I had some. Also there is no ice here soo yeah...
1	I'm only giving 1 star because you can't give 0 what a waste of time!!My husband got a call from a guy from the jockey club saying he had won round trip tickets to anywhere we wanted and 8 show tickets to any show of our choice on the strip! LIE we went and sat through their 2 HOUR timeshare presentation which we can't afford! Got hounded by 6 different people to buy a time share when the guy over the phone said all we had to do was come pick up our "gifts" he said NOTHING about a timeshare over the phone! Then when we finally got to the part of getting our "gifts" we got our voucher for the plane tickets which they then proceeded to tell us all the fees we have to pay along with them! Which came out to about $400 which we don't have! Then they give us the show tickets not only did we not get to pick themOut but they are crappy shows we have NEVER heard of! They are a HUGE SCAM!!!
3	If you're trying to go to Vegas on a budget, this is your go to spot. Prices here are pretty low compared to the other hotels surrounding it. It's located right under Cosm oand It's also practically hidden by all the hotels around it. I feel like most people don't know about this place. Probably because you can't even see it. On the plus side, there's an elevator that goes right up to Cosmo. Super convenient. We stayed for two nights, and comfortably had 9 girls in a one bedroom suite. Full kitchen, one walk in closet, one bathroom got us by for the weekend. Everything feels kind of old, and I felt like I was underground. The room was pretty dark, since our window view was just another wall. We didn't really spend much time in our room, so I didn't mind staying here.I didn't see much of the staff so I can't say much on service.
4	I've been here for 3 days and 2 nights so far. Here until Friday. This place IS hidden but I dont mind. Its smack in the middle of everywhere. Cosmo. Bellagio ect. Convienent for me personally. I am staying under a friends time share. Got a great deal. I actually havent seen anyone who works here but we came back to our room and room service came. Clean bed/bathroom, new towels ect. That was awesome. Its really quiet. No smoking. No casino. I like that. Very spacious. Kitchen and seperate rooms from the main bedroom. Walk in closet. Safe. It didnt feel "old" but it didnt feel "new" as in decor and sheets and the whole feel. It felt right.  Maybe I am not picky. But so far my stay here is pleasant and I didnt get hounded by time share people.
1	This is a TRAP! The guy who sells  show tickets on the street  told us that he has all show tickets at half price. We believed him and followed him to his "office" in Jockey Club to get the tickets.  Then, he asked us our phone # and our income in order to get cheap tickets. We had to pay him the tickets at half price in CASH first, but could not receive any tickets yet. That was not over, he took us inside Jockey Club for the presentation. There we had to spend more than 2 hrs in their "open house" presentation from the start to the end to get  "free gift", and they tried different stategies to make you buy  their timeshare. Scam!
3	I was teetering between a 4 or 2 star so I decided to go with the average of those two numbers and give them 3 stars.  Forewarning this will probably be a long review but it's all useful information, I assure you.So let's start with the positives, why they deserve 4 stars: For the price and what you are getting, it is actually a really good deal.  The Jockey Club is a timeshare so most of their rooms contain a full kitchen, pretty well stocked with utensils and either one king or two queen beds in the separate bedroom area.  The bedroom has two doors that close off from the living room and kitchen.  There is a decently sized bathroom, clean and useable and a walk in closet in the bedroom, also a flat screen tv, in the bedroom.  The living room contains a L-shaped sleeper sofa that pulls out a queen size bed along with a dining room table seated for 4 and a full kitchen.  Location cannot be beat, it is located in the shadow of The Cosmopolitan.  There's a door that actually connects you through directly into the Cosmopolitan and it shares a few resources with The Cosmopolitan.  I would ask an employee where the connection is, it is like an obscure unmarked door that takes you into a parking garage that takes you directly into the casino of Cosmo.  Jockey club guests are allowed to use one of the Cosmo's pools and they also share a parking garage.  Jockey club guests are directed to park at level B3 of that garage, once you go down there search for a random double door that says Jockey Club on top of it and that's your entrance into Jockey Club from the garage.  Drive slowly though, it is very easy to miss unless you know what you are looking for.  If you are coming from Flamingo on Las Vegas boulevard, you are going to want to park in the first parking garage on your right, right when you see Cosmo.The jacuzzi is also open 24 hours, who doesn't love a 4 am jacuzzi session.So now the negatives, why they deserve 2 stars.Like I said before, this is a timeshare that they rent rooms out to and it is also a very obscure place that no one knows about meaning that it probably will not attract the typical Vegas party crowd.  This means that when the typical Vegas party crowd does decide to stay here and be, you know partying in the typical drunk Vegas fashion in the room, people will call and complain.  Yes, we got management called on us to keep it down, which to me, is unheard of in Vegas.  Management was nice about it though, but the fact is, it's Vegas and loud rambunctious behavior comes with the city.  Staff at the front desk could be a bit friendlier, they do not seem to be big fans of the rambunctious young Vegas groups. So there you have it folks, if you come to Vegas a lot and save your partying for the club then by all means, book a room at Jockey Club.  If you rarely go to Vegas and plan on going crazy wild, in the club and at the room, then stay away from Jockey Club.
4	Simplicity, quiet and quality rooms. Can't go wrong. This is a hidden gem by the strip. Want something away from the noise and time for a quiet sleep, then this is the place for you. The Jockey Club is found between the Bellagio (see pic) and The Cosmopolitan. Recommended.
1	Extremely disappointed. Made reses months ago asking for a room with a view for my husbands birthday. We've never been to Vegas and this was his choice. Not only did they in no way accommodate us, but the room we got backs up to a wall. I feel as if I'm in a dungeon. What's the point of asking for a view of the strip if they don't care.
5	This will be our future "Mancation" home for now. Considering the location and the size of the condo, it cannot be beat: 4 nights, 3 Queen beds & 900 sq ft = $600.00. Very quiet too.Be sure to ask for a room in the tower closest to the strip. We literally were walking on the strip within one minute of leaving our room. it's not the Cosmo next door (only 1 minute to the Cosmo casino floor), so be prepared. Everything was worn and a little faded, but was well-kept and cleaned thoroughly every day by housekeeping. We were never once approached by any condo sales people. Enjoy it! FYI: if you book your rooms through hotels.com they only have one or two rooms with a strip view out of the 30 they own so expect to look at a wall.
4	My girlfriends and I stayed here for one crazy girls night out in Vegas. Once we parked in the shared Cosmo parking lot, Jockey Club was a little hard to find at first, but once you find it its easy to remember. Our 1 bedroom suite included a huge living room with a sofa that included a sofa bed, a nice kitchen complete with a full size fridge, stove, sink, dinnerware and utensils, dining table which we used to lay out all out makeup (lol), a bedroom with a huge king size bed and a small loveseat, and a nice bathroom... which was kind of small but whatever. Believe it when they say that Jockey Club is a quiet and no frills kind of place. You kind of forget you are in Vegas because it's eerily quiet and the decorations are not all "out there" like other hotels, but for the location and the price... this place can't be beat. You are in the middle of the strip among the best hotels (PH, Bellagio, and Caesars), have easy access to Cosmo (along with one of its pool and parking lot), and the price is cheap. For that one night, we only paid $120, whereas other suites at neighboring hotels would have cost at least $250. Considering we were in Vegas to party (and not to stay in our room) this was an awesome place to stay. I am looking forward to stay here for all my future Vegas trips. Thanks!
5	This hotel is really nice and the workers are hella helpful ! It's located right next to The cosmopolitan ! Prime location is key (:I love that they have free movies to rent and popcorn then some day's donuts (:
3	I purchased a week here on eBay, for a stay over Christmas and New Years.  The price was right, but the auction was completely misleading.  They showed these spectacular views of the bellagio fountains, psst. The location is nice, your center strip with quick access to the cosmopolitan.  Your allowed to use to Cosmo pools which is nice. Now to the not so good, my view which I was sold was a bellagio fountain view , turned out to face a wall. Yeah a concert wall.  It's Vegas, the only time I spend in the room is to sleep.  A disappointment, but not a deal killer.  Next issue was this place is a maze. Two elevators , dragging bags up a set of stairs, winding corridors, just odd.  Then to the rooms, it's ok for what I paid, 100/night over New Years is a killer deal center strip, but if it was another time of year, I'd say I over paid, the rooms are just sort of dated.   Appliances from 80's and everything just wore out. So if you find a cheap deal on jockey club just expect a lower quality then the average strip room and a free maze challenge. Oh on last thing, avoid the timeshare stuff at all costs. I don't care if they are offering free gold bars, skip it you'll thank me you did.
3	Not the best place on the strip but the location and price were just right. We didn't have anyone bothering us about timeshare. Our view sucked because it was just a dang gray wall but seriously though, who cares? You're in Vegas, you shouldn't be in your room. The majority of the time anyways! Full kitchen was very convenient since we had four kids with us. It was nice being in a hotel that didn't have a casino because we had kids with us and there was less temptation to give away our money. Haha. No resort fees so that was a plus. They gave all the kids goodie bags too which was nice. Rooms were kinda dingy though.
