5	I LOVE this store.  LOVE it.  I've visited many light stores in the valley including all the stores that start with "H" and multiple stores on Scottsdale Road slightly north of the Kierland area as well as Lowe's and Home Depot.  The quality, range, selection and price are absolutely phenomenal.  In early summer they have a fan sale, 2 for the price of 3.  The price starts right above Home Depot pricing for lights, but the quality is far better than what you can find at the chain stores.  If you are shopping for lights, definitely need to make a stop here.
5	Great customer service!  I had a lamp that I thought would require drop off and potential costly replacement parts. What a pleasant surprise to be greeted warmly and attended to promptly and told the issue was so minor the person who assisted me handed me back the lamp in seconds flat, showing me how to resolve the situation should I ever encounter one like it again.  While there, I took the opportunity to browse around their extensive showroom that offers a extensive variety of selections in all styles and price ranges at very competitive prices. Definitely a store that I will be going back to for my future lighting needs. So glad I found it!
5	I had a small lamp that broke during a move.  Since I am new to the area, I was concerned that I would be ripped off from a store I was unfamiliar with.  I brought in my lamp and was greeted by Becky.  She was able to handle my repair within seconds at no charge. I appreciated the quick attention (turns out my problem was minor) and the fact that they didn't make me drop it off and charge for a repair.  I will most definitely be back!
5	I saw a very unusual LED desk lamp in this store but didn't have the money at that time. Some time later, I thought I would see if they still had it. Sure enough they did, and the price had come down. The price was very close to what I'd found for the same lamp on the Internet. I was thrilled when they offered me a very reasonable price. The staff is very helpful. They have a HUGE inventory. I would really recommend shopping there before you buy on-line. Personally, I prefer to support local stores if possible.
5	I recently purchased a great industrial light as a gift for a friend at a local discount retailer. But when I got it home, it didn't work. I thought it might just need a new fuse. And rather than schlep around to the lighting department of the big box home repair stores looking for the right fuse, I decided to check with the experts. So I took it to Valley Light Gallery where Becky Wasserman helped me. It wasn't the fuse. It needed a new plug. I would never have figured that out on my own (or with any DIY help from the home repair stores). I'm so glad I visited Valley Light Gallery because they fixed it for me in just a few minutes. I didn't have to return the gift to the discount retailer for a refund.They fixed a light that I purchased somewhere else! That's what I call great customer service.While i was there, Becky also looked up the replacement bulbs it would need. They are not standard, so she printed out the page from their bulb catalog so I could include it for my friend. Now he has an amazing light, and he knows where to go to get the replacement bulbs (and the part number) when that time comes.I love supporting our local community businesses. And I heartily recommend you check out Valley Light Gallery for any lighting needs you have. Not just to purchase new lights, but also to get your favorites fixed when they need that. While i was there, I spent some time checking out their collection of industrial lighting and fell in love with a two of them. Now I'm daydreaming about putting one of them as a chandelier in my home office.Thank you to Becky and the great staff at Valley Light Gallery for turning around my potentially frustrating and disappointing retail experience. I'll be back!PS My friend loved the light!
