3	It's amazing how easy it is to overlook reviewing places you frequent - just was headed to lunch and wondering what reviews said about The Lunch Break.  Surprised to find no reviews (however, it is off the beaten path for most I think - more of an industrial park breakfast and lunch stop).The Lunch Break is just that - a small breakfast and lunch spot tucked into an industrial park.  The current owner, Darryl, has worked hard to improve the menu and facilities.  He has added tasty hot sandwiches and expanded their patio to be more comfortable on those nice days.  It's one of those places that if you frequent enough they will greet you by name (I frequent so often, and order the same thing so much that they sometimes have it made and ready before I get to the front of the line!).Definitely a recommend for an easy/quick lunch without eating fast food.  Good sandwiches and salads!
4	This place makes incredible sandwiches and is perfect for a quick lunch if you work around the area. My favorite is the French dip and my co-workers love the croissant sandwiches. The soups change daily and are home made and tasty. Their cookies are really good too. The people who work here are very friendly. I have not had their breakfasts yet becuase I am usually a few minutes from being late to work in the morning but I bet they are good.
4	I signed up on Yelp just to post about Lunchbreak. Even though their coffee and breakfast burrito are my favorite, I have never had an un-tasty meal from these guys. Definitely can't go wrong with the buffalo chicken wrap, italian meatball sub or chef salad. Very prompt deliveries!
5	I work in this area and we order from Lunch Break all the time.  No one who works here has ever had a complaint about any of the food.  I absolutely am a fan of the Grilled Buffalo Chicken Wrap.  The French Dip is delicious, too.  We've had their soups, salads, everything but breakfast.  They do deliver, which is wonderful, especially in summer, and I believe it is only a $1 delivery charge.When I have been there in person, the man in charge there is extremely friendly and personable.  You can also get a punch card, so your 10th sandwich is free, if you dine in or pick up lunch.  Prices are reasonable and I just can't say enough about how good this place is for lunch, especially in this area.
4	it takes a little while for them to make sandwiches.. sometimes 20 minutes. The wait is worth it. I just call ahead and get it to go. I highly recommend the southwestern chicken panini. Very friendly staff, and off the beaten path makes for a great lunch!
5	this place was fast and yummy! great choice for lunch!! thank you lunch break!
3	The highlight of Lunch Break (and frankly, the only reason I'd go) is the convenience to this business district for lunch.  They have breakfast too, which I've been meaning to try, but so far I can only review lunch. The sandwiches, side salad, and chili are all good.  I haven't had anything that's changed my life yet, but no disappointments either.  "Good" food.  But for the price, I'd expect great.  By the time you add a small drink and a side (potato salad, chips, cookie, etc) you're probably going to spend $10.  At lunchtime, I go almost anywhere else and either spend half that, get twice the food, or get seriously superior food that I can sit and enjoy.  I'm not really sure why it tends to take them so long to get food out.  I believe they make their sandwiches when they're ordered, which is good.  And they tend to get very busy at noon for obvious reasons.  But still!  I went in just for a side salad one day, trying to save the other $6.  I'd assume they have those pre-made in a cooler (if they don't... they should!) and it's not a complicated enough salad to warrant 10 minutes to assemble.  I asked about the price of chips on their own, and it was over a dollar for a bag.  If I got just the salad and hit up the vending machines at work for a drink and chips, I'd save about $3 more.  And I thought the vending machines were overpriced.The outside seating is nice during good weather, and the tables inside are cozy.  I like the decor.  The cashier (the only employee I've interacted with) is always friendly.  Overall, I have no real problem with Lunch Break, I just think it's a little bit expensive and slow for what you get.
4	Awesome old style deli sandwiches. Very good. Not to many lioght and healthy options, but the food is very good. Great spot to call in your take lunch or breakfast.
5	Lunch break has the best food! Whenever I order, it's always consistently good! You can't go wrong with anything on their menu. The place is clean and the food is always fresh and made to order. The owners are really sweet and care a lot for their customers happiness. It's hard to find people like this! The prices are very reasonable and you get a lot of food for what you pay for! Can't recommend this place enough! Go and enjoy it for yourself, you'll be happy you did.
5	For a small lunch only restaurant, you can't ask for much more.  Great food, fast, good prices, and they deliver for a small fee.  They also have hot food like pasta if you don't want a sandwich, and salads if you are health concious.  Definitely adding it to my list of places to visit once a week.
4	Three years ago, my work was located in one of the many business parks near Lunch Break. More like, you could throw a rock and hit this place... Kind of! So if you work in this area, you know there's not too many options for lunch. Lunch Break had some of the best breakfast paninis ever.  Fluffy eggs, buttery toasty, thick slices of bacon and cheddar. Definitely not good for you, but oh so good! The veggie wrap and buffalo chicken panini with celery and bleu cheese also made for a great lunch. Highly recommend giving this place a try if you work in the area and need to escape the daily grind for a minute!
4	If you are working nearby, this is a great lunch spot, but not worth driving out of the way to locate.  This place is located in an industrial park and you would never find it if your GPS didn't direct you here.  After reading the good Yelp ratings, we decided to try something new/non-chain for lunch, and my coworkers all seemed pleased.  They have an array of fresh sandwich choices including hot sandwiches, paninis, wraps and traditional cold sandwiches.  Their soups are quite good too.  NOTE:  They have a half-sandwich and soup combo deal, but it is difficult to locate on their menu, so ask for it.  Staff is friendly, and the food came out quickl, and all of my coworkers seemed pleased with their lunches.  I really enjoyed teh Southwest chicken wrap with corn, red peppers, jalapenos, chicken, and tortilla chips for the crunch.   The breakfast menu looked tempting as well.  Check it out.
5	I absolutely love this place! One of those places you can never say no too! I get the croissant delight, and it is so fresh and delicious. Very friendly staff and the wait for food is not long. A little more expensive than a Subway but it's worth it.
4	I'm kind of addicted to this place. My work is located in the business park down the street and I eat here too often. (probably 2 or 3 times a week)The prices are fair and the quality is much better than what you'll find at the chains near it like Quiznos or Subway. I pretty much get the same sandwich every time, but I've tried a few and they are all good which one exception--I'm looking at you 'chicken parmesan sandwich.' I usually love those, but theirs is awful, almost borderline inedible. The chicken is clearly microwaved and frozen (so it's very chewy, and very grisly.) I gruelingly ate it, but it's back to the sandwich I usually eat. Overall it's 'good,' not 'great,' but good, better than fast food and other sandwich chains.
5	Lunch Break is a great place to enjoy freshly prepared food, at a good price, with the best service I've experienced in a long time directly from the owners. The location is convenient with clean facilities and comfortable indoor and outdoor seating. It's great to find a family owned restaurant that really focus on taking care of their customers and while making quality food. What a great alternative to fast food.
3	Quick fast, tasty and very reasonable prices.  Glad I found this joint, it's so close to my work. I've had their salads, the Chef salad is big and filling. Their Reubens are tasty.  I've had the Reuben twice first time it was off the chain, the second time the meat smelled a bit gamey, but I ate it anyway. Could have been the end of the line for that meat, and needed to be tossed out. But what don't kill me only makes me stronger.  I'm glad to have found this place.
5	This is in walking distance from work which is awesome. It's a great place to grab a fresh sandwhich, salad or wrap and they'll change things up on the menu of asked. Honestly I'd come here just for the service, everyone that works here is super friendly and I love going in there to say hi and talk to them. So far my fave is the #99, but on sourdough bread... So yummie!
4	If a simple, fresh quality lunch at a reasonable price is what you are looking for, look no further than the Lunch Break.  The restaurant is a bit off the beaten path, but relatively easy to find with Waze or any other GPS app.On my last visit I tried the BBQ chicken wrap and was impressed with the fresh delicious ingredients they used.  The wrap was also stuffed to gills with chicken.  I hate places that make their sandwiches look big, only to take a bite and find them filled with too much lettuce or other fillers.The restaurant has some nice outdoor seating for when the temps are comfortable.  If it's too toasty outside though, they have plenty of tables inside along with a large screen TV to watch.  All and all Lunch Break is a great change from the bland chains and well worth a try for lunch or breakfast.
