1	This KMart is pretty sickening.  There is always clothing all over the store and the place looks stuck in the 80s.  The cafe looks like a disgusting carnival booth that you could get food poisoning from!  The garden center is open only half the time and you can never find anything here.
2	This Kmart is one of the worst I gone to. It is very quiet and the people aren't very friendly. The shelves weren't very well stocked and there were things a mess in the aisles.
2	Whenever I feel nostolgic I visit this Kmart. This is a store that has a time warp vibe. The interior seems to be preserved from the 1970s. All Kmart needs to do is go back to the old fashioned registers, and turn this into a retail museum.  Regardless of the 1970s interior, this is a decent Kmart. It carries a decent line of department store merchandise at good prices. With the Sear's merger, this Kmart now sells Kenwood appliances and Craftman tools.
2	This Kmart store reminds me of the little shop of horrors that is this one particular CVS up in Reno. Unfortunately, while this Kmart was decent a few years ago, it has taken a serious - and somewhat scary - downhill turn.It's so quiet in here with so few staff, that you could potentially walk down an aisle, disappear into a black hole, and never return. And no one would notice or care. In fact, I bet a few folks have mysteriously disappeared this way.And yet, despite the lack of customers, they seem to keep adding shelving units. It can almost seem like an obstacle course navigating parts of this store. And what is on the shelves is most likely not what you are looking for (or would ever want).So it can be fun if you are in the mood to be creeped out. Otherwise, this place is one of those you are in a desperate situation and can't go anywhere else to get what you need kind of places.
4	I have to admit that I don't shop Kmart a lot. I mean, hardly ever. When I lived out here before moving to Summerlin, I'd shop this location every now and then, but found myself at the location on S. Eastern a lot more, especially when they used to offer groceries. There is a location near Summerlin off of Decatur, I believe, that I really liked when I lived out there.Since moving back to Green Valley and having this location literally walking distance from where I live, I find myself in here a lot. Surprisingly, it's very clean and very well stocked and organized. Kmart can be extremely pricey, which shocks me because you'd think they'd try and compete with Walmart which has killed them since they came to Vegas many years ago. But, if you are patient, you can find some real steals in this place. I recently bought a 32" HDTV here for $199. You wont find one that cheap at Walmart unless it's Black Friday. And I even saw a 4gb MP3 player on the shelf for sale at just $19.99. At the end of the day, this location is awesome. I love the convenience, the cleanliness and the products they have. The one thing I find odd is their hours. Me and my Mom stopped by on a weekday at 8pm and they were closed?! Well, I guess they have to save money somehow.
4	This is the first of two kmart's I went to today in search of the new superman movie masters toy.  It never seems like many people are in this location.  Truthfully the only reason I went there today because I heard what I was looking for was at kmart.  As much as I hate the lines at walmart Id rather shop there.
1	Absolutely horrible!  We had just moved to henderson and we were excited to have a kmart down the street. However these people who work here don't know a thing about customer service. We waited over 15 minutes at lay-away (for an online order pick-up) while several employees saw us waiting but no one tried to help. Finally after waiting so long a guy comes over who was clearly intoxicated. Doesn't kmart drug test their employees?? If I hadent already paid online I would have walked out. We will NEVER  be back to this store.
