4	With its Wild West decor, this strip-mall saloon easily could fool you into thinking it's a hangout for local rednecks . . . until you notice all the rainbow flags and Judy and Bette blaring from the jukebox. It may be a gay bar, but if its decorator was as well, he must have suffered from mad cow disease, given the bovine motif that runs rampant throughout. The predominantly fortysomething-plus crowd is dressed as if it left the back forty to mosey into town for bargain Buds and billiards, but for most it's cowboy drag rather than an actual lifestyle. You'll find an even mix of friendly locals cruising for new blood and tourists hoping to lasso themselves a Tex - or two - for the night.
4	Located in the Most Tragic Strip Mall in America (tm), the Commercial Center, home to the "best Thai food in North America" (Gourmet Magazine's review of Lotus of Siam), numerous "Asian" (mostly Korean) grocery stores and restaurants, a couple of gay bars, two gay bathhouses, a straight bathhouse, and truly tragic fetish fashion stores, this is a hidden gem. Sadlands looks especially tragic on the outside and it doesn't disappoint on the inside. The place is a goldmine of taxidermy. Imagine any kind of animal and it is probably dead, stuffed, and mounted on its walls. There is pool, a jukebox, and a dancing area. The jukebox is mostly new country (I have to hunt and peck to find the old shit that I love). This is a friendly locals bar, country western theme, and a great place to hang. I never see hardly anyone else in here when I visit, but that doesn't seem to matter. It's a unique cultural space in its own right, and extends the Vegas theme of a modernist relation to "nature" (i.e. anthropomorphism). Bartenders are always cool (I think it's the owner) and patrons are friendly. Located on the side of the Commercial Center that houses the Green Door (aforementioned str8 bathhouse). I want to thank the Underground Guide to Las Vegas which tipped me off to Sadlands back in 2006 when I first visited L.V.Not to be confused with (and no relation to) the Sadlands in the Castro in SF.
4	This is a great dive bar.  We were there on off nights and it was a pretty sparse crowd, but we were kept amused by all the straights coming in and getting liquored up before going to the straight bathhouse.  Bartenders were friendly and the locals were welcoming...
3	Gay bar that I bring my straight friends to... .the atmosphere is very friendly here.  I love the main evening bartender - he is hilarious and can sometimes be seen sporting a bad-ass Golden Girls T-shirt.  Can't believe that no one has mentioned the most awesome part about this bar - The DISCO BOOT.  Yep, that's exactly what it sounds like.  It makes my day every time I go in there.Great for a cheap drink ($4 call vodka what what!!) with friends, cheap pool ($0.50/game), people watching, or a shot of liquid courage before heading over to the Green Door (straight) or Hawk's (gay dudes) sex clubs.Only downsides are limited seating and beer selection (mostly crap domestics), and dead animals on the wall {vegan sad face}.
2	The owner of this place needs to realize that this is a gay dive bar and you are not going to stay in business unless you learn to let somethings slide. We used to go here for pregame and to chat since it is one of the few places that does not reek of smoke but it and its patrons are so bland its hard to get a buzz, it has gone way down hill. Two old queens were arguing with each other and the bartender actually called the police even as they were on the way out the door, he killed the only entertainment for the night. And by the way if you look at someones ID for more then 5 seconds it considered extremely rude, just saying.
1	There is nothing wrong with the place, except I think it belongs in rural America somewhere. Maybe an off night (Sunday) but wow, not much to see or do here. You will have a hard time talking to the locals.
4	We had reservations for Lotus of Siam but arrived way to early. So what better way to spend a little time waiting than a friendly neighborhood gay bar. Just at the east of Lotus in the same shopping center, Badlands is your welcoming darkly lit mega friendly watering-hole while you wait for you table place. Drink prices are reasonable and the bartender was engaging and personable, zero attitude here. Totally thsuper!
4	I have no idea how they make money.The Badlands Saloon is somewhat of a dive, but manages to avoid being grungy. This gay bar sports pool, a jukebox, and low, low prices. Their strip mall location means easy parking.If I recall correctly, the bartender informed us that there were no specials, but when quoting prices, our jaws dropped - and our livers quivered. Our bartender was a hoot, and somehow I ended up donning a wig while there, while tossing back vodka.If it wasn't for Lotus of Siam (our intended target) being closed, we'd never have ended up here. Sure, the Saloon was empty - it WAS late afternoon - but my crew and I enjoyed each others's company and might've left more than a little merry. What happens in Vegas... you know.
4	I came back to check out badlands after a new owner took over and they renovated. All I can say is night and day, this place is way nicer cleaner and the bartenders are much better. They have a great bar and happy hour now and much much better customer service. I have NEVER seen anyone win on the gaming machines, loosen em a bit! The atmosphere has gone from a dingy old dive to a more relaxing and local feeling place where friends can meet up. Ideal place to meet up with some friends in the evening or do some day drinking on a day off. I am sold on the place now
4	Great little dive bar!  Came in on an early Sunday night.  Most of the barstools were taken so we sat toward the back of the bar.  The crowd was a mix of all ages, types,  and colors.  America's Got Talent was on TV and the sounds of Fleetwood Mac and Prince were playing over the speakers.  Kick back atmosphere, low prices, and Mark the bartender was super friendly.  There's a dance floor in the back but there was no dancing going on while we were there. This place is the opposite of Share & Krave and that's why I liked it.
5	Love the renovation ....now a clean cool local hangout. We came by to see the live band "Hollywood and Vine" and had a blast. The lead singer was a hoot working the room. It is a gay bar but my boyfriend and I felt very welcome and comfortable. We had a great bartender....will definitely go back.
5	This is a gay bar where a straight guy can feel comfortable.  Yeah, you may get some looks but the drinks are strong and the people are friendly.  Sure, you will see some gay stuff but get over it.  When in Rome, you will see Romans!  As long as everyone is nice and respectful, why would anyone care.  I left when the stripper in the strange underwear started working the stage but I was also done with my vodka tonic.
5	A gay bar that welcomes all walks of life. Cheap, cheap drinks and fun, quirky clientele! Will be back!
5	Great place to grab a drink while waiting for Lotus of Siam to open.  Friendly, welcoming, great drinks.  We really liked our bartender.
5	I love the Badlands on Friday nights.  They have a very entertaining show at 11 PM called Fabulous Funny Friday.  Drinks are cheap and staff is very friendly.
4	Was here a couple years ago and was treated very well. Was back in town a couple years later when my daughter turned 21, was treated equally well. I'm straight and conservative, yet open and accepting of other lifestyles.  Never felt uncomfortable or unwelcome here. Drinks are reasonably priced and has a great local feel to it. Took my adult kids here and had a great time.
4	Badlands Saloon is not just a country bar and it's not just a gay bar but a friendly towny bar in the commercial center on Sahara near the Strat.  Great place to hang out, straight or gay, great happy hour and they don't always play country music folks.  They have a jukebox with a great variety of music or the bartender will have on good bar music (I mostly have heard motown/R&B).  The bartenders are friendly and pour really well.  They have entertainment on some nights - I do know they do female impersonators late Friday nights.  Since we live nearby, we stop by pretty often and have met some great people, some locals and some just stopping by.  And they do take credit cards now.   They have a pool table and a dance floor too. The only drawback is it is very smoky at times.
