1	I've been a long time shopper at Big Lots, from time to time I go to different stores, and it just happen that I went there yesterday and I was looking for some tv stands, (they are known for low prices) so I decided to go to the store located on warm springs and Marks, I think is one of the bigger stores in Las Vegas, I was browsing the store when all of a sudden I hear a lady yelling at one of the employees with the "F" word and then the same woman starting to yell at some other lady, soon enough they were screaming at each other, one of the women even threatening to go outside and kick her butt !My surprise ????that was the store manager !!!!I couldn't believe that the store manager would be calling and screaming names to her employees and then take it out onto the customer !!!I was in total shock !I didn't buy anything and decided to leave, the so called 'manager' (I believe her name is margaret) was so out of place, threatening the customer to kick her ass outside the store ??? what was that about ?did she think she was in jr. high ???I would never return to that store for long as that 'manager' is there !!! someone should report her, she's the total example of what some call "white trash"with so many people unemployed, I'm sure that there are more educated, professional and deserving  people out there best qualified for  that job !!!
3	Ive been to this store on several occasions. At most big lots i find good deals. At this particular location, not so much. I came here to buy presents for my sons upcoming birthday and was left with sticker shock. The selection is different than what youd find at walmart, but the prices are the same or MORE expensive. Plus i felt this store is on the smaller side. I prefer the biglots on flamingo/boulder highway or the one out on eastern.
3	Been shopping this location off and on for years. Now that I'm a resident of Henderson again, I find myself here occasionally. I have to say that I don't shop here as often as I used to in the past.I can never enter a Big Lots without walking out spending more than I had planned. That is not a problem at this location. They don't seem to have anything appealing here. I have found some great deals in here with food, home furnishings and essentials. But I have bought more in other locations than I have here.
3	They have a little bit of everything but not the greatest quality always. I love buying journals here! You must browse some cute home decor. Not the most tidy place.
3	Just alright, sometimes bigger isn't better. Inventory is slim pickings. Not great in terms of food and the baby aisle is severely lacking. Breads rack- rye, english muffins, is good, though. Greeting cards section is good. Furniture section is alright. Aisles are pretty narrow. If someone has his/her cart in the middle, another customer cannot pass through. I had to exit the aisle, and enter on the opposite end so I could check out the beauty/hair products- aussie, suave & pantene. This is a newer store located at the end of the strip mall with Sears (home). Yeah, it's clean and empty, the opposite of crowded, but if the goods aren't there, why bother? I'd say only if you're in the neighborhood- don't make a special trip. 'Cause you might not find what you're looking for. Luckily, we found a toy for the little guy and also, we had a coupon to use before it expired.Hubby said (1) in henderson, the new one on Lake Mead down the way from the fiesta henderson is better and (2) our regular one in chinatown has more of what we buy (food & baby stuff).
4	I didn't know what to expect from the store, we didn't have BIG LOTS where I moved from. I really like it, they have a variety of things from groceries, sundries, housewares, & furniture. I liked what I saw and I'll go there again.
2	I'm becoming less enticed by the store simply based on it's customer service. There is never a friendly cashier. They are clearly disgruntled and distracted, most likely with other pressing responsibilities. I have also noticed that there is never more than one cashier, so the lines stack in to the aisle, and they don't call for help.Maybe that has something to do with the attitudes of the clerks?I'm going to check out Big Lots in Centennial and see if the service is any friendlier, but if it seems to be a trend I'll probably stop going all together.
