5	friendly staff, clean salon, great prices!  can't get better than that!
5	This nail salon outdoes all other nail salons. Vicky is sweet, and personable and makes you feel so appreciated and happy to be there. She shows you new polish colors, pics of her designs, and offers great suggestions when asked for them. It's beautiful, clean, and up to date. The prices are affordable, and I have definitely found my permanent nail salon!
4	Ok, I really wanted to love this place.  Close to home and prices are decent.  It was on a Sunday morning.  It was gloomy, wind, and cold.  I NEEDED to get my toe did!  I signed in and was greeted by Tracy.  It was told to go check out the colors.  She got me a chair set up and told me to sit down.  They were pretty busy but a customer there brought her mom and 2 kids (1 toddler and 1 young kid).  The toddler was walking around everywhere and screaming.  The young kid was all over the shop and falling on the floor.  It just made my relaxing time not so relaxing.  =(  The service was good, the french pedicure looks good, the place is nice and new.  Just the screaming and running kids was distracting.  So this is a 3-1/2 stars.
5	I've seen everyone here and they are all great, professional and detail oriented!  I am partial to having Vicky do some sort of pattern as she is amazingly talented and creative!
5	WOW!!!! I'm so glad I found this place!!! Saturday I called about eyelash extensions Vicky was very helpful in informing me about all the types and how they where different. She explained the who process and how they looked and how to take care of them!! She put on music the exam bed was nice and clean and comfy!! She was so good I feel asleep during the who process it was an amazing experience!!! I love them they are beautiful!!! I wouldn't go any where else and I would recommend if you're looking for the place look no more!!! Vicky is it!! I now have booked my eyebrows and nail fills to be done here plus my pedi!! This place showed me how much they cared about each and everyone of us!!
3	Waited over an hour. When I walked in the lady said it would be a few minutes. I asked how many and she repeated "a few." After 30 minutes I was considering leaving when they called me back. I ended up stuck waiting another 30 minutes with my feet sitting in cold water. A lady next to me told me she waited almost 90 minutes and she actually asked them to skip the massage and lotion and just put polish on her toes so she could finally leave. Pedicure was average, nothing worth going back for.
5	Very great quick service. It is beautiful inside. Friendly people and it is cheap! $16 fills with paint or $26 fills with gel. YES PLEASE. they have a ton of gels to choose from and with it being the price for what I usually pay for regular paint, of course I chose gel! I will be back often :)
5	My first time ever getting a pedicure and I really enjoyed it. Walk ins are welcomed and they were not busy when I arrived. So, one of the workers told me to pick a color and have a seat. I got the deluxe pedicure. It $35 which includes a pedicure, callus treatment, hot oil massage, hot towel, and sea salt scrub. I saw some salons charge about 80 for these kind of treatments. The staff was friendly and the place was clean!
4	An upscale feel for a good price. Utensils were clean and staff was friendly. Wish they'd done a better job scrubbing my feet and the polish could be a little neater.
5	Love my eyelash extensions. Vicki does them perfectly. $75 for a full set and no lashes ever fall out between fills. The best in AZ.
1	Awful! Went in for a gel manicure three days later three nails have polish completely peeled off. Not only that but while there I had to tell the nail tech to do the design I wanted 5 times and she still forgot when I reminded them again someone came in and did the design and it was crooked! I ended up having to go home and clean around my cuticles with all the over spill and I have a hang nail on my pinky now. Worst and I mean WORST! Gel I've ever gotten. I went to this place for convenience and I will make the extra few minute drive to pretty nails in Goodyear.
