3	I must be spoiled. This swimming pool probably desrves four stars. But my point of reference, even though over a thousand miles away, still cannot leave my head... I miss it so much. Can one miss a building with a hole full of water and paddling people in it? The easiness, proximity, size, cleanliness, and the just-right temperature of the water ... Well, by comparison, this tiny swimming pool feels a bit like swimming in a soup bowl. The water is a bit too warm for my taste and the distance too short - it feels like an exercise in mostly ...turning... Oh well - you spoiled brat ...
4	This pool, when it existed, was pretty fancy. I'm not sure what it's status is right now but over a month ago, the whole centre was sealed off because of an accident involving the roof falling into the pool. A friend of a friend (don't you love these friend of a friend of a friend stories?) was the one who found himself unfortunately underneath one of bits that fell. Don't worry, he just vaguely hurt his arm.Anyway, that is now, but I started going to this pool about 3 years ago (not that I've been going consistently at all). What I liked about it, and might still like depending on how revamped it looks when it opens up again, is how light it is inside. Because the roof is just lots of glass, it doesn't ever feel too dark. Yes, not even in Scotland on a bad day. At least I vaguely remember there being a glass roof. Or at least partially so.What I didn't like about it very much, and probably won't change at all once the revamping happens is that it's tiny and full of children. See, the fast lane's too fast and the slow lanes too sloppy. The Warrender Swim Centre is part of the whole Edinburgh Leisure thing. So, the building itself also has a teensy gym.
5	This review is really for the gym, although the pool is lovely too - I love the changing rooms round the side, and the glass roof. But - to the gym! I've just moved and needed to find somewhere to replace Leith Vic. After a brief foray to the Commonwealth Pool, where I was daunted by all the gigantic body-buildery types, i tried Warrender. And it's perfect. It's a really attractive gym, with everything I need. The cardio room looks out on the street (and lets me keep an eye on my bike locked out the front), then there's a machine and free weights area, and finally my favourite bit - a mats/ kettlebell/ suspension training area. That's in what was the Turkish steam room, so it's a cosy little spot with a lovely, complex arched ceiling to look up at. Get your trainers on and get over there - see you on the treadmills!
