4	Very recently remodeled Burger King, they sent me a mailer with buy one get one Whopper or Croissanwich. It's right across the street from my gym, so after burning off the calories, I figured I would load them back on.Decent parking and a clean restaurant, it looks more modern than other BK's I have visited. Self-serve soda fountain includes a ketchup dispenser. The napkin holders were filled but not so much that they were tight.My order was taken quickly and the croissanwiches were prepared fresh and placed in the appropriate BK paper bag.Not much else to say, it's a Burger King. Four stars because it's nicer than many others I've been to, but not five stars because, hey, it's Burger King.
4	Very clean and new location! I was greeted when I waked in, which I have find to be very rare for fast food experiences! I don't normally eat at Burger King but I had a coupon for $1 strawberry lemonade and wanted to give it a try!The strawberry lemonade was good, it was a mix of the crushed ice strawberry syrup and lemonade blended together. They are made to order which was nice, my only complaint was that  it was a little watery but for a quick refreshing drink it definitely hit the spot!
4	I got kinda hooked on this location for two reasons: 1) their only a block away from my house and often on my way in and out, and 2) during last summer and their promotion of $0.50 ice cream, I became a fan.  The staff is helpful, and I've seen them go out of their way to provide excellence in customer care.  The food that I have tried has always been piping hot or in the case of ice creams and shakes, delightful.  It is a rather new location, only a few years old and well maintained and very inviting environment to sit and indulge...
1	Walked in and stood at the counter for 6 minutes. No one ever came up, 2 people walked by the register.  No one said one word to me, so I walked out. Its 9:20. There was 2 cars total in the drive through and no one eating inside. No excuse for piss poor service. . I walked right next door and ate at Mcalisters.
