5	Very happy to have this in the plaza.  Excellent customer service. The yougart is very creamy.  We came in the first day and were the first customers and ordered the Nutella and chocolate and added a couple of fresh berries - very, very good flavor and the consistency was perfect.  Today I ordered a pomgranete mixed berry smoothie and it was WONDERFUL - I loved it!  The staff is very kind and I wish them success in the plaza that I work at.
4	Sadly this place is out of business :(
5	This place is awesome!! Friendly staff and treats that are to die for. I especially enjoyed their fruit and yogurt parfait!
2	I hate raining on people's parades. Sure this stuff tastes pretty good. But do we know what's in it? Go check out the website and read the FAQ's. Yes they tell you it's made with real dairy, it's low carb, yadda, yadda. But a check of the topping / flavor lists shows nutritional labels but nothing that looks even close to an ingredients list. Perhaps I'm caffeine deficient and I missed something as I looked at their website. But I'm just not seeing an in depth ingredient list for even a basic flavor. Yeah, they claim it's kosher, but that still doesn't answer my questions. I've been working hard to know more about my food and what's in it. While that's a tall order it's not an insurmountable one, and the things I've learned have caused me to make changes in my eating habits. In this case I won't be coming back here because I can't know for sure what's really in this stuff. Frozen yogurt I get. Ice cream I can make so I understand it. But this stuff? Who knows? Not I, and therefore I'm putting down the spoon and backing away.
5	Wow!  This place is great. Friendly staff and hundreds of flavors. I highly recommend the parfait!
3	Great place to visit! Service was good and the treats were plenty! It's new so it's clean that's a plus
1	Well it would have been nice if it was open when it said it would be open... My cousin was really looking forward to it too.
5	UPDATE: I pull for business's to make it and I was a bit concernced they might not make it being next door to Starbucks and I do walk past their store to get there.  I have stopped by twice since my last review.  I was concerned because I saw the sign come down and the windows covered with a closed sign for renovations.  Quiznos was in the spot and did the same thing but never reopened.  So, to our surprise they opened and they added another franchise to the yogart shop called Planet Smoothie.  They also added a couple of comfy chairs with a bookshelf of books for people to read. They also added prepackaged snacks like chocolate covered pretzils.  They have several iPads with games kids can play and the kids at heart.  I got this last time pepermint who carob chips, strawberries, and almonds.  My daughter got chocolate on a cone.  The girls that work here are very friendly and offer samples everytime we stop in.  They make crepes too but we have not tried them yet.  I do say the smoothies sound really good but the prices were a little steep for me so I will go to Starbucks for my Frap. (yes I know not healthy)  I am very happy they are adding variety and I hope they stay in my plaza for many years to come.
5	Very clean, with friendly and helpful staff - over 100 custom flavors, loved the coconut crunch!
4	Very good! A little confusing when you walk in and see 6 yogurt Flavors but signs sitting around say "pick from hundreds of Flavors" you just have to tell the staff which flavor you want, and they'll make it real quick with the machine behind the counter.
