4	I can't believe that this little gem was seconds from my house for a year and a half before I ever went there!  For the past 6 months I've been hooked.Need a cute and special gift-check.  Accessory to complete and outfit?  checkCute outfit to go with the accessories for when you deliver that cute gift?  check checkI usually tend to admire their home decor from afar as some of the items tend to be a little pricey for me but I know one day I'll find something I can't bare to live without and then go for it.They also do free home design consulting.  Sigh.  This someday will happen too.  For now I'll get my fix with designer jeans and Vintage Rose Wraps because those you can never have too many of!
5	Really glad I found out about this place because it has made getting gifts for my wife so. much. easier.   (let me redeem my man points here) It's like one of those places that every guy dreads going into because your wife or girlfriend will be there for no less than 2 hours because they HAVE TO look at EVERYTHING!!!  (end man points rant) hahha. .. But in all seriousness this place is great for home furnishings & decor.  My wife also likes the clothes they have for sell too.  If you are looking for quality furniture & home decor this is the place to go.  It is not the cheapest, but the quality makes up for that.  You will not be replacing it every couple of years.  It will last.  Everyone in the store has been friendly to me, but not to the point where they annoyed me.  They will let you do your thing, but also take care of you if needed.
5	I LOVE this place. I could spend forever here just looking around at all the cute stuff they have. There is furniture, wall decor, and everything in between. The staff is always super helpful if I have a questions. Oh and I almost forgot. They have clothes and jewelry and purses too. What more could you ask for. My only wish would be that the store was bigger so I could spend more time in it.
4	I LOVE Designer Boulevard. My sister introduced me to this store about 5 months ago and I am now hooked. Their home decor is wonderful and seems to be able to fit just about any decorating style. The boutique portion is very cute and usually has a good selection. The only reason I did not give DB 5 stars is because it seems to be a bit overpriced...however, that can be remedied if you are on their mailing list and notified of their weekend sales! I will continue to be a regular customer here!
5	LOVE this store!!!! I especially like to go during the holidays because they really deck the place out. Their Christmas trees will take your breath away.The only negative is that they are expensive, but in recent years they have really lowered their prices. They have also increased their clothing selection, which is amazing.
4	I love this little boutique!!! Its kinda a hidden gem so it doesn't get too crowded but the clerks are friendly and knowledgeable, and the prices affordable. This is one place where I am bound to buy something each time I visit. Granted, their jeans are not made for girls with curves but they have plenty of vests, shirts, and hats to keep me happy.   :)
5	I have been shopping here fours 4 years. It's the only home decor store around of it's kind, quality and items that make your home look like a professional designer decorated for you. The staff is always friendly and helpful.
5	Very cute store, lots of good deals, great place to shop for a gift or for yourself!
4	I really like this store. I've been twice, and was greeted with a friendly hello both times. The girls in there are very stylish and offer great advice on how to pair things together. Dashing pieces and exquisite chic decorations. I love it. It's a cute little boutique. Some things are more affordable, some a fashionable splurge, albeit, well worth it.
