2	Uninspired Chinese food from very nice people. I suspect if you go in ordering a specialty item it might taste better than anything off the menu.
3	It is good American Chinese food. Very friendly people and a good price.
4	China Inn seems to have improved since I last reviewed. We used Grub Hub to order, which is a pretty good bet if you want it fast without getting hung up on. They have also expanded their menu--sesame tofu, General Tso's tofu, etc. We ordered the Bean Curd with garlic and it was fresh and flavorful, lots of fresh veggies. It was not hot as advertised, but more subtly sweet.  I am pretty pleased with their progress. They even offer edamame and I hope to try the cold sesame noodles soon.
4	Pretty darn good for local Chinese fair, compared to some of the others around. The Gov Tso's Chicken was okay, I have had better (not locally, so far this was the best I have had in Madison for the price), and I definitely have had worse.  It was crispy chicken. Fried rice was nice, not overly salty and had a good portion of veggies and pork.  The Pepper Steak was decent, too.  Crab rangoons were excellent as well as the pork egg roll and the veggie egg roll. I think its safe to say that I will be ordering from here more often when I have a craving for Chinese delivery.  Oh, and it was delivered in a mere 30 minutes, and still hot.
2	Lemme tell ya something.  Just because a Chinese restaurant has Mapo Tofu on the menu, doesn't mean they actually HAVE Mapo Tofu.  Yuck.  After having it at Ichiban Sichuan, and making it at home, I truly do not know what I just had.  It was NOT Mapo Tofu.  Maybe that's why I only had three bites.The hot & sour soup is, however very good, and my husband likes their Singapore Mei Fun.Awesome delivery time.  Quoted 30 minutes, was here in 10.
1	This is really only a half-revue, because I never ended up eating here due to the following:I got their menu in the mail and it looked good, so I went to see the place. The building exterior should have been a big red warning, it was grungy. Walking up to the front door you notice the absolutely filthy windows that are so dirty and smeared you cant really see through them. I went in and noticed all of the pealing wall paper and filthy floor corners and table feet, then there was the terrible smell permeating the place of rancid fishy frying grease, it almost made me sick--I had to leave. This place is dirty!  I have worked in food long enough to know that if the front of the house is this bad then the kitchen is going to be ten times worse. These people clearly have scraped this place together to try and make a buck and nothing else.I find it mind blowing that this "restaurant" can even get a passing score from the Dane Co. Health Dept.
2	I have given this place multiple tries now and finally have decided to give it a proper review.General Tso's is my go to dish for Chinese take out, an this place failed miserably on that! Nothing but over cooked chicken with a lot of sauce and breading and yucky skin. Yuck.The lo mien was also horrible. There was just no flavor what so ever and nothing but noodles and what looked to be whatever mysterious vegetable they had lying around. If I wanted to order leftover's I would order leftover's!There saving grace is their hot sour soup. Very tasty. But...... I had one bad experience with it where I ordered a large to go and instead of telling me they only had enough for a small container, they put the left over/bottom of the pot in and filled it up only 3/4 of the way. Talk about shady service! I even watched them do it from behind the counter. Trying to pull a fast one on me. I think NOT!I'm still giving it a solid 2 stars because their egg rolls and ragoon were at least tasty too (other than the tasty soup, that is when they have it available). But in all honestly, nothing special. I can go to any Chinese take out joint and get the same thing any day of the week. So yeah.....If you want good Chinese. this is not the place I recommend. If you want quick Chinese just because your craving it....well maybe rethink it or just settle for the China Inn.
5	Great food, . fast.  We carry out from there at least once a month, sometimes more.
4	Recently started ordering take out from china inn, and so far my husband and i have been pleasantly surprised. Delivery time is prompt and food is good for take out. Shrimp egg rolls are delicious, have also tried the sesame chicken and house combination chow mein both really good.  Best chinese take out in our neighborhood.
4	Have tried both eating in and take out, and the food was tasty, hot and well prepared.  Friendly staff and restaurant seemed well kept up inside (a bit cluttered but I think they do mostly take out and delivery so ambiance is not what you are looking for).  The lo mein noodles and dumplings were great.  Definitely recommended for a good basic American style chinese neighborhood place.
1	Anyone who orders from here is too lazy to get on yelp and look for a better place. Normally I think crappy Chinese food is good. This is below my standards..yuck
