3	It is decent for what it is and I think sticking to the basics is where you can find a satisfying late night nosh. The food is alright. It's a fruit crepe with sausages, bacon and a sunny side up egg. Hard to screw up, but can also be made with "love" too which makes those ma and pa's better.... obviously breakfast chains do not put "love" into it, but just a consistent, expected standard. The service was alright. Refilled our drinks, seemed nice but held us check hostages for a few minutes.Sometimes though, a crepe or a cheese blintze sounds good at 2am and you just gotta hop to IHOP.
2	No nothing has changed I hate this place. Most of the food was cold it's over priced and don't have that home cooked love
1	Super slow service, mediocre to poor food..I'd check out other IHOP's in the area....not worth your time.
4	IHOP is always good. Been to several and this is my favorite location. They have plenty of parking, and no busy street or traffic to fight. I've been here several times. Yeah sometimes service is slow, sometimes it takes awhile to get a table, but overall service is good, food is good and the prices are not to bad. At my recent trip, we sat down quickly bacause we asked to sit outside ( TIP alert - they will usually seat you right away if your ok with sitting on their patio) It was late in the morning, hadn't eaten a thing despite having been up since 5. Ordered the  fajita omelet. It came quickly, and hit the spot. Will I come back? Could be there now.
1	I had not been here for many, many years but we had a 2 for 1 coupon and were looking for some late night breakfast for dinner so we decided to try it. I was sorely disappointed that we did, even with the coupon.  I had the ham, onion and bell pepper omelet and pancakes.  The cheese was not melted on top and I tried to push the cheese underneath the omelet so that it would melt; the eggs in the omelet were not light and fluffy; the pancakes were okay but by no means as good as Stoney's in the same parking lot as IHOP. I used the old fashioned syrup it was of Log Cabin quality however the remaining flavored syrups had a very artificial taste.  My hubby got a stack breakfast, I think it was an english muffin, egg, hollandaise and it had fresh spinach which was a plus, however, the "crispy" bacon as stated in the menu was more like "super limp' bacon. He asked the waitress if there was anyway that they could crisp it up and she retorted "they make it fresh" I am still confused how that explains limp bacon.... nonetheless she took it away and I could hear her call back to the kitchen. The replacement back was better, but not by much. He also ordered iced tea, I realize that the price of drinks has gone up, but I was surprised that ice tea at ihop would cost $3. The hash browns were clearly frozen, although again I realize that most breakfast places here use frozen hash browns.  With a coupon we paid $20.  Coupon or not we won't be coming back.
4	The other reviews for this branch aren't that great, but I had a generally positive experience eating breakfast here this afternoon. I usually just go with one of the breakfast combos, because I like a little bit of everything. Today I got a belgian waffle combo with scrambled eggs, sausage links, and buttered toast. The waffle was great and the toast was really yummy. The rest were pretty standard. The last time I ate here, I got pancakes and they were a bit gross. No major complaints about the service. There was only one server, and not many customers so I didn't notice any long waits.The only thing that bothered me was the water. It was disgusting. I have a thing against restaurants that serve nasty water, making me wonder where they even get it from.I've been here a couple times within the last few years, so my feelings here are a bit mixed. Today was the best experience of them all, so I was glad for the slight improvement. There are better IHOPs around town, but I'll give four stars for my pleasant experience today.
2	Our Sever was sooo painfully slow, it was too much to take on a not so busy Wednesday morning.. His name is Tracy, steer clear of his area if you want to eat while your food is hot and you would like coffee to be refilled on a timely basis.Overall bad
2	good food. very slow service. there were only a handful of tables and they still managed to take their sweet time but when they were at our table they gave us good customer service.
2	Two stars might be a bit much for this place, but I have never had issues with service, just their blah food.Everything has a lot of salt in it. EVERYTHING. Everything is pre-made as well, from the eggs, to the pancake mix, to their stuffed french toast. How do I know this? I asked once if I could get the stuffed french toast without raisins in the toast. "Oh, they are already in there. We just thaw it." Um. EW. I've gotten still frozen strawberries (which were not good at all), greasy eggs (do they saute them in butter back there?) and limp, ill looking tomato slices.I use to go to this place when I was in high school, when there was no other place open late for teens to mingle and eat junk. It seems every time I have ever gone, something gets messed up. Whether it is my plate of sliced tomatoes that somehow turned into a plate of pancakes (they really try to give those things out), or my eggs being over easy, not scrambled. Service is alright; sometimes you get a slow waiter, and sometimes you don't, but I have never had a rude one.
2	Service was good, food not so much. I've ordered chicken and cheese crapes. Chicken used in crapes was the absolute lowest quality possible- it was not chewable and pieces were holding on to each other with something string-like... I took one bite and ewwwww! Otherwise it wouldn't be bad.  Not ordering anything with chicken there anymore.
4	I have always gotten good service and good food at this place. The wait staff is attentive, and the quality is consistent with other IHOPs I have been to. Coupons give you the best deals.
3	The server was slow. Lord I had to tell her everything for a up-teen time ok I know I made up a word so...I told her everything for fifty times how about that. The poor child just could not get I wanted milk w/ Ice but I only want it with my meal. Id like ice in the glass w/ the milk. (LMAO) I say it. You guys read it. But she still stood their like... huh? (Rubs my head) Id like Ice & milk when you bring out the breakfast. Lord Jesus she still don't get it. Ok lil sistah let me help you ok...so take a glass add ice then the milk don't bring it to the table until u bring me my pancakes and the rest of my food. (She still Looking at me) Just standing here as if we have a failure to communicate. Ok my good brothers and sisters of yelp...I'm sure you guys are sick of reading it just as i'm sick of explaining it. But guess what I have to tell her again. She still here looking at me like I'm stupid. See now I wonna grab my hair and rip it out. (smiles at her kindly) Miss pretty please just bring me ice in a glass and another glass with milk ok :) Ok this time she walks away. I just look at my husband and make a joke....Thats your cousin who didnt pass the 2nd grade. I tell him. He jokes back with me. No you know that's your long lost cousin. Twice removed from the family.  No she got a attitude with me like im the slow one! Really she got her nerve. So she comes from the kitchen with our breakfast and lord and behold...I have orange juice on ice. Ugh at this point I just am afarid to say anything she stood over the table and had hands on both hips with that motherly look. Like u gonna drink it or I'm going to slap you into the middle of next week. I took a long look at the juice and then at my husband and I said to the cant get right server....Ughhh this milk has a lovely tan it look orange ta me. So I can only guess you forgot my milk. Well, long story short she never brung my milk. I drank some of my husband milk. The food was great the service sucks.
3	Kids are hungry for pancakes and I'm getting one of my favorites....spinach and mushroom omelette!!
3	This is just an average IHOP.  Nothing is super special but you get everything you are used to at other IHOPs around.  The service is ok, the food is ok, and the atmosphere is ok.  This particular location has been crazy busy every time I have been here, so keep that in mind if you are in a rush.  Again, nothing special and nothing negative, just average.
2	AMBIANCE: 3 - This is an average ihop, there really isn't anything special other than the normal. It's a bit dirty at times, but manageable! SERVICE: 3 - The service is okay, though they are kind of on the slow side! They are very polite and kind at this location. FOOD: 2 - this is one of those iHOPs that don't serve the best quality food! Today, my eggs were cooked inside instead of over easy, and the sirloin tips are too sweet! Local Specific Info: As always, you pay at the front after eating. Their heater is nice and warm during winter time!
1	Came in on a Thursday evening. Waited about 4-6 minutes before being greeted to be sat. the server sat me, and took my drink order. 10 minutes later she came back with my diet coke, and I ordered some mozzarella sticks for an appetizer, and the pot roast sandwich for my entree. She informed me that it would "be a while" for the appetizer due to the fact that she just put in a "bunch of orders." Okay...whatever. So about 15 minutes after that, I get my mozzarella sticks, a few of them are still cold in the center, the marinara had very little flavor. I asked her to bring the sandwich out if it was ready, I didn't care that I had just received my app. I know a lot of times if the app is ready at the same time as the food, they will let it sit for a few minutes. She informed me that she had just now put it in. Whatever...15-20 minutes later I get the sandwich. At this point I have about 10 minutes left before I need to leave for work. The sandwich...it is BEYOND salty. Inedible. Needless to say, server was whack she only had 5 tables and couldn't keep up I was sympathetic because I know what it's like, but I won't return. The food sucks and the service is lacking.
5	The service is always fast and the customer service is great all the time, never had a problem whenever I come here
5	Service was amazing. Dijon was the man. Serving breakfast isn't easy, so when they get your eggs right, all your sides and keep your glass full, make sure you show them "the money" and tip well. 10% is not acceptable, especially on a $10 meal.
2	Wow I am really disappointed. Food was very bland and tasteless. I have three kids and they all ordered from the kids menu. The two "funny face" pancakes were awful. The design on them was pitiful and it was caked with so much whip cream I wasn't sure there was a pancake under it. My daughters Mac and cheese was chewy and gummy. Apparently the drink isn't included with a kids meal so each drink my small children drank was $1.30 a piece! Talk about nickel and diming. I had good memories as a kid but as an adult ihop was a huge let down.
2	IHOP (Centennial) what's going on!We really enjoy eating at your restaurant and have been for years...but please do some serious cleaning. When a person visit the restrooms and some seating areas we can see in the kitchen. The floors and the women's restroom needs some attention. Sorry to say the food is slipping we are trying to hang-in with you. Maybe we will try you in a few months, have to get over the last visit. Dirty and Bad food-can't spend my hard earned money with you.
5	Service was excellent as well as the food. Everything came out perfect and was prompt. Will definitely return if in the area!
4	Thinking about eating breakfast at IHOP on a Sunday morning? Usually a bad idea. When we pulled up, the parking lot was full and there were a few families standing outside of the doors. I fought my way up to the hostess stand and made a reservation for a party of two. 20 to 25 minutes she said. My husband and I waited for less than a minute out in the sweltering heat when we spotted an empty bench in the mid-section. We sat down in the in-between section and then after another minute passed by, my husband motioned for me to move seats again to a bench closer to the hostess stand. What is this, musical chairs? Anyways, my point is that the seating area was being cleared out in pronto like fashion. Our name was called seconds after. Instead of waiting 20-25 minutes, we were seated within 5 minutes even though it looked crazy busy here. We were seated in a booth section and our waiter quickly took our drink orders. I'm a fan of IHOP's vanilla and mocha iced coffees ($2.99). The drinks are a little pricey but at least you get refills. I ordered a short stack of pancakes ($5.99) and the Mr. got some kind of ginormous combo plate. The food was out in less than 10 minutes. The food was made to order and tasted great.If you're going to IHOP and ordering pancakes, french toast, or waffles, I cannot stress the importance of using their Butter Pecan syrup!!! It makes everything better and knocks the socks off of plain ol' maple syrup. My husband introduced me to Butter Pecan syrup and I've been hooked ever since. I swear I dump half the bottle of that sweet stuff on my pancakes. ;)Our waiter was on his game. He checked up on us often and made sure everything was okay. When my husband's plate came out minus some hash browns, the waiter said he'd take care of it and the hash browns were out seconds later. Our bill came to $22 and some change. The only complaint I have is that when we went to the counter to the pay, the cashier either tried to withhold the receipt or forgot to hand it back to us. I've had this problem at least three times before, so it can't be coincidence. Thing is, that receipt has a survey on it which gets you a free short stack on your next visit. I rarely fill them out, but hey the point is, I want that receipt! I liked the fact that we were able to get in and out of the restaurant with virtually no wait time. The customer service overall was average, but our waiter in particular was awesome. The IHOP in Centennial Center is your usual everyday IHOP. I'll be back when I want some more Butter Pecan syrup with a side of pancakes.
5	Monday evening kids wanted pancakes thought I would make them but since it was my son's birthday thought I I would take a chance. Made our way to ihop and from the moment we walked in to the moment we left the service was amazing!!! I have never seen a server handle a whole restaurant. Meredith was amazing come to find out she only works Monday and Tuesday evenings but that's okay we will definitely return. I suggest heading in on those evenings because she's the best!
4	The wife and I went for breakfast this morning and it was a good experience.  We both ordered omelets and they were large and well prepared.  The highlight was our waiter Desean (sp?), he was very attentive and an outstanding server.  We will request him the next time we visit.
4	Chicken Fried Steak at the home of the Rutti Tutti Fresh and Fruiti? You betcha. The quest for the ultimate CFS led me to IHOP. Here it's called country fried steak and will run you north of eleven bucks before coffee and OJ. It comes with the standard eggs and potatoes. As always, and to maintain the consistency and integrity of the quest, I was going to inquire as to the possibility of substituting a pancake for my choice of bread. No need to.  It's on the menu as CFS, hashbrowns, two eggs AND two pancakes. The pancakes were outstanding. Hot and fresh. The hashbrowns were about average. The eggs were a little runny for over-easy, so keep that in mind. You might want to go over-medium. The CFS itself was man-sized and tasty. The breading was full of flavor and the meat could be cut with a fork. No need for a steak knife here. The Mrs. opted for the Strawberry Stuffed French Toast and was pleased with her selection. The coffee here is not going to win any awards, but was decent. The waitress was very attentive and the food was ready and on the table in surprisingly quick fashion. I have been to this location before, but never during daylight hours and never before for anything other than the late night food fix after an evening of fun. A few of the employees were heard discussing how a new place across the street had cut into their business, but  it seemed pretty busy to me. I don't think they have anything to worry about anyway. When it comes to breakfast, they've got the boys across the street beat.
5	We were sitted immediately upon arriving. Our server Ramiro brought us coffee,  creamer and water quickly. Our food arrived in a timely matter and exactly as we ordered. We didn't have to ask for any refills Ramiro was on top of it. I was impressed with our experience today especially since it's been a very long time since we visited Ihop.
4	Service was good like all the other ihops I've been too. Always love the Belgian waffle. Make sure to get the one with the vanilla Creme on top it's soooooooo goooooodd Mmm my mouth is watering just thinking about it
1	Service overall sucks here, and this was all before we were able to be seated. This place is ran by a bunch of idiots.We put our name down with having 2 adults and a child requiring a high chair. The hostess took our name down, incorrectly, and only had us for 2. When we were finally brought to our table, with a normal expected wait, the hostess called out two names and the other group cut in front of us on the way to the table and jumped in our booth. The hostess just froze an idiotic look on their face and then shrugged her shoulders. She then found another table with crap still on it and said that it would be cleaned right away. Now during this entire time, I am holding my child, and when I asked about the high chair, she looked shocked as if she wasn't expecting us to need one. She said she would go find one, and never came back. We literally stood outside of our booth for about 5 minutes waiting on a chair for my son. After I snagged one of the workers, they looked around and finally came back to me saying that all of the high chairs were being currently used. I sent the wife and kid to the car as I talked to the manager. She seemed truly sincere with her apology but wasn't able to offer any solution. She tried to convince me to come back at another time for a free meal, but didn't take my name down or give any voucher, so I think she was full  of crap.We went down the road on Durango to Babycakes Cafe, and they were far better than any ihop we have been to. Give them a try before this place!!!
1	I personally wouldn't even give them one star, but I have no choice. We've come here a few times and the service was ok and the food was average. Today we went in and I put my name in the list and let them know we would need a highchair. We waited the 15 minutes to be seated and then were "seated" by a waitress. At the same time she was seating us another "host" stepped in front of us and sat someone else there. She pointed us to another table and said she'd get a highchair. My husband stood there with our son for 5 minutes as she walked around helping others while seeing my husband standing there with our now crying 1 yr old. She didn't even bother to say she had someone else bringing it. Then finally a waiter came over and said "sorry we have no highchairs" and walked away. We got up and left and when my husband talked to the manager he pretty much got the sorry, sucks to be you, but come back again.
5	Good breakfast restaurant! The chicken florentine is really good as well as the colorado omlet. Sandy an excellent waitress is very friendly and thorough please ask for her and leave a generous tip!
