1	I had a bunch of work done on my 97 Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo and I dealt with the manager named Mitch. He was great!! He went over with me everything I asked for and gave me the price. The nice thing was the price never went up 6 hours later like many repair shops try to do. Sometimes they get into a repair and find more problems that is normal but it can really make some people pissed!! I liked the service and they dropped me at home and picked me up when close to completion. Nice flat screen tv in lobby. However they did forget to adjust my steering wheel to center after alignment. I reached out to them and waiting for response to complete. It only takes 3-4 mins to adjust my steering wheel so I don't see a problem....     Well I was wrong to trust an Auto Repair Business!!! I gave them 4 Stars and I would have given them 5 Stars if they did the alignment right the first time. I emailed the location May 10, 2014. I really expected the Manager to respond back and I was fair by giving them 1 WEEK!!! I NEVER heard back!! It was all over a 3 minute steering wheel adjustment. I'm a member of Jeep Forum and I put my story on their website and was told/showed how to adjust my steering wheel. And YES, I was done in 3-4 minutes!! Big O Tires on Boswell in Sun City just North of Bell Rd. does NOT CARE about customer service!!!
5	This is THE ONLY place I trust with my car. I have been going there for over 5 years. They are honest and do quality work. I would not hesitate to recommend them to my family and friends.
1	Worst customer service ever!!!!!  They sold me a set of tires for my truck, had them try to balance them 3 different times and truck still shakes from tires. I took my truck to the Ford dealer and they found that all 4 tires were out of round. Now Big O will not stand behind tires they sold me and will not rebalance even though they say you get lifetime balancing. The owner Bruce O is not to be trusted. I spent $1900 on tires that are junk and they will not replace them. I called Big O corporate office and they said if they were Big O branded tires they would replace them, but since they are Toyo tires and that the store purchased them from an outside supplier that they could do nothing to help. Do not purchase tires or service from this store. I also had them do an alignment at the same time and had to return so the could tighten a bracket that they had loosened to do the alignment but then forgot to retighten, they acted like it was no big deal but it could have jammed the steering linkage and cause the steering to lock up.
