4	Las Tapatias is a new Mexican restaurant that's opened about 2 blocks North of Sahara & Maryland. It's not fancy like other Mexican places close by, it's pretty sparse and basic and has the hard eat it and beat it seats. But I've found that a lack of decor can quite often mean that the owners are more focused on the food. When it comes to ordering here the menu is in Spanish so I'm grateful for the pictures, (I snapped a picture of the 1 page menu for everyone to see) and that the owner speaks limited English. I ended up playing it safe with a chicken quesadilla and chicken taco...as you can see from the pics this didn't come with rice and beans or other Americanized side dishes. It is what it is, and the quesadilla was huge. And I didn't have to go to the counter to get it, it was brought to me, the same as my Mexican Coke was. I do wish that my chicken had been a bit spicier, but again I don't want to slam this place at all because most likely my wishes stem from a failure to communicate on my part. I gotta learn my Spanish at least when it comes to food. But what I got tasted pretty good, and I will be going back to try more stuff on their menu. And one last thing...I didn't leave here hungry. They have several drink choices in a glass cooler and it appeared they were making drinks...I saw fresh pineapples and other things there but was sitting far enough back and too busy eating to see what he was making. Again for those who are stuck on this side of town for lunch, it's worth a try. After all one can't eat Thai food every day (well you can but), so this offers some variety.
4	Far from fancy but when food comes into play, fancy does not matter in some places this is one hole in the wall I will be back to.  Great food great service even though the communication factor comes into play.  When food is involved language/communication can be usually forgotten.  Food is the universal language of love.  This food is love, it may depend on the time of day but we have been there a couple of times and OMG good.They have went out of the way to accommodate us they were almost closing this time  but she agreed to make us food right at closing.  I thought that was amazing, they could have said no but made us amazing burritos with extras.  Not only that  but she came out with a cup of champurrado which is kinda like a mexican hot chocolate, SO GOOD...  We left with a lot of homemade sauce FRESH hot made burritos and warm bellies from the hot chocolate and amazing burritos with extras.I would recommend this for a hole in the wall joint with great food amazing service and authentic food...If you can't read or understand it wing it with pictures!
5	Delicious! I plan to go back soon. The salsa condiments were fantastic. Service is friendly. Good authentic Jalisco food. Just wish they'd stay open later. Maybe as they become more popular, hours will expand.
3	I came here for my 1 hour lunch break.  I ordered the pork torta ahogada.  I was not too impressed with this since I though the carnitas were going to be pulled pork and not cubed pieces of pork.  The pork did not have a lot of flavor, and I kept finding a lot of fat pieces in the sandchich.  The sauce that is used to soak the sandwhich had a bit too much oregano and was too spicy( and I love spicy food). They need to keep in mind that not everyone can handle that kind of heat.  I also ordered 1 taco, and this taco was good(but not enough to be on my fav taco place list).  I had gotten a pastor taco.  The taco was not that bad.  I am willing to give this place another shot layer on.
4	Las Tapatias is closed, but don't be sad! Chuy's Tacos Mexican food is here. They have been in business for two months. The food is fast and fresh. He salsas are tasty, the chips crisp and filling, and the service is very polite. I did have to brush up on my Spanish, but we got it done.The helpings are generous and the prices reasonable. The food is tasty and I'd really like to see this place stick around.In a neighborhood of fast food, this is a nice change of pace.
