4	My hubby and I had a great time at Pho 35.  This was our first experience with the traditional Vietnamese dish and I must say we are now BIG fans.  The building has been given a nice new make-over and the service was fast and friendly.  I tried to chat with our waiter but the language barrier made it a bit difficult.  We both had the special which included a small bowl of the Pho of your choice, choice of fried srpingroll or un-fried shrimp roll and a drink for less than $8.  It was a great deal. The small bowl of Pho was not-so-small.  I couldn't imagine finishing a LARGE bowl.  We both chose the beef sirloin Pho and it was delivered steamy hot and full of flavor.  Accompanying the Pho was a dish of fresh basil, bean sprouts, sliced jalapenos and limes to add to your soup as you like.  The table also had a nice selection of sauces to add.  We really enjoyed the spring rolls as well.  They were both fresh and full of veg and shrimp.  However, I didn't care for the peanut sauce that accompanied them.  But I don't think I would like ANY peanut sauce... you may think it's great.
1	Today myself my Mother and my fiance decided to visit Pho 35 for the first time. We were glad to see a Pho house so close to home. The place was busy. I ordered the number 9. It was OK had a very rich almost Curry flavor. Both my Mother and Fiance ordered Spring rolls. They seemed semi fresh the Rice paper had already begun to harden. My mother had already eaten one order and on the last bite or so on the second order a FLY spilled out from the tightly wrapped roll. I can not believe it. I am flat disgusted. I am a F&B Manager and take pride in my work for this to happen already and this place barley open speaks volumes about there Food Prep. I will never eat there again and will actively encourage my friends never to attempt such a place. Note that once we notified the server he disappeared to the back. Several minutes passed before he emerged. He said nothing to us so we just walked out. Poor service altogether!
3	Ok 3 stars is being nice. I know Vietnamese restaurants are not known for great services but tonight specifically it bothered me. I walked in and they did not even acknowledge me. Wth. So akward standing there...good thing there was a cute girl eating by herself in back so I watched her eat instead. Anyway I sat down and they didnt bother to bring me water. I have to ask after I got my Pho Tai. I also ordered egg rolls but had to remind again them after I have finished my Pho Tai. The food is ok. Nothing compared to Pho Thanh or Da Vang. It is very simplied. Watered down for western eaters. Menue is small selection. No soy milk or sht like that. I get it, keep it simple. Oh yeah my small bowl of pho is like "chen" pho not "to" pho. Wth. A review above said she can't finish a small. Anyway got to go workout.
4	The menu here isn't as extensive as that in the more established places such as Pho Thanh or Pho Avina. That suits me just fine because I come here primarily for the pho, which is flavorful and generous with meat even as it is relatively inexpensive. Service is fast, if a bit impersonal, and the restaurant itself is clean, cozy and brightly lit.
5	Such great food. Their noodle soups are amazing. My husband, a chef, and I love trying new Vietnamese foods but I have to say this is the best we've found yet in Phoenix. Can't wait to go again.
5	WOW!!! The best Pho restaurant  in Phoenix!!!!! I felt like I was back in California.
4	What a spot! Super close to where I live and what more can I say but WOW. Well I guess I can say more so here we go. I went here with moderate expectations of service and food. Like I said I live so close it was hard not to give it a try. Upon arriving we were greeted very quickly and given our choice of seats. After looking over the menu and inquiring with our friendly waiter we made our choices. We both go the lunch special pho. It came with a spring roll ,herbs, sprouts,and jalapeno on the side of the pho. The pho itself was very good my wife and I both were surprised with the mixed reviews of both the food and the service since we didn't experience any of the above. Over all it was a very good experience and I will be back to indulge in some pho. But the one and only drawback to Pho 35 is it didnt offer desert. But with so many other little shops around the area it wasnt hard to fufill that order.
3	Food was great and the employees were great.  No free beverage refills though.  I was hoping id get a little more pork also.
4	I was a little nervous trying Pho for the first time but I instantly fell in love.  I pretty much love soups in all form and Pho is no exception!  Pho 35 is close to work so I thought, why not try it.  It is in a strip mall but is pretty big inside.  The place is clean and the staff is really friendly.  I liked it so much that I am going to try it again!  Great flavors and the beef they use is really good too!
4	WOW!! Stop by today for lunch. Place was super clean, smelled great and everyone is super friendly!!! So unusual for oriental restaurants!! I had the Shrimp Spring Rolls and the #7 Pho. Let me tell u; the broth is to die for!! Well the entire dish was delicious!!! Will definitely come back to this place!!! Soon!!!
4	Very good
