5	Andre's Monte Carlo, voted the #1 restaurant in Las Vegas by the Zagat Guide and a number of local publications, is one of four Vegas restaurants overseen by award-winning chef Andre Rochat. Our dinner here was one of the highlights of this particular stay in the gambling and entertainment mecca, where sumptuous all-you-can-eat buffets tend to outrank upscale eateries in popularity. Rochat's seasonal menus feature classic French cuisine, and every mouthful is a little bit of heaven. There's no problem meeting the minimum charge of $35.00 per person, but we felt the high prices were in keeping with the quality and quantity of the food, the spectacular atmosphere, and the impeccable service.
5	This is fine french. When you come here you'll feel like a carnegie or a getty. Luckily, you don't have to be in order to get in but it will help to cover the bill. I assure you though, its well worth it. Try the dover sole.
5	From the Versace china,  intimate and richly decorated dining room, impeccable service, to the large selection of wines and classic French cuisine, Andre's exudes class. When combined with top-notch food done to perfection, it makes for a very special and memorable meal and the perfect place for a romantic, celebratory dinner.Escargot-TastySeared Foie Gras-Just rightLobster thermador-Heavy in a perfect and delectable way.Venison-Perfect!Vegetables-Cooked perfectly. One of the only times I would actually want more.Pinot Noir- Nice selection chosen by the sommelier. Went well with everything.Souffle-This is the only thing I had a slight problem with. Instead of going with a classic chocolate or Grand Marnier, we opted for the white chocolate with mixed berry souffle. Although unique, I don't think it worked too well. I am no authority on souffles but in my opinion ion it was too mushy inside, the consistency of oatmeal. It was relayed by our waiter that the use of the berries caused the mushiness. Makes sense but my argument would be to not serve it then. I wasn't there for uniqueness but solid, mastered classics.
4	This a review based on the a la carte menu.We called in advance to ask if there are vegetarian dishes, as one of our friends is vegetarian. They said yes. We asked if it was possible if 3 out of 4 people can do the tasting menu since one friend is vegetarian. They said it depends on the Maitre d. We decided to go for it since all the reviews were so great.When we got there, we were greeted by an awesome staff.However, they did not have anything vegetarian on their menu except some salads and the cheese plate (no vegetarian entrees). However, they wanted to accommodate us so they said they could create something on the spot. YAY! They said they could make risotto, which my friend was extremely happy about. Then, our server came back and said no risotto, just pasta primavera. Friend was disappointed.We asked about the tasting menu but they told us no can do. The chef does not like it when the whole table does not participate because one person will just nurse one dish the whole night. I guess it's understandable. We all ordered our dishes a la carte.I had the french onion soup (light and good)the spinach salad (good, though I could have had it without the raw onions)the duck for entree (it looked like duck burrito and sliced duck..pics posted)and for dessert, the grand marnier souffle (it was okay..but by that time i was too full to enjoy it).I also had some good red wine to accompany my meal.I thought the meal was pretty good. However, I still wish I could have experienced the full "glory" of Andre's.
4	Andre's French restaurant has a an excellent reputation for fine food and service.A supurb addition to the location found in the Monte Carlo can be found by climbing the staircase to the left side of the restaurant lobby.The top of the staircase opens in to the dark wood paneled King Louis XVI Salon. The interior of the salon  is very welcoming, complete with dark  woods, huge stuffed chairs and couches, all arranged in small comfortable settings. The room seats 14,  providing an intimate experience around a warming  fireplace.The salon provides excellent private service in a quiet atmosphere where you can select a fine cigar from the humidor and complete your evening with a choice from a large selection of Cognacs, fine Ports or a complete selection of spirits. I selected two of their Tequilas and enjoyed a relaxing finish to a fine evening with friends.
3	I go to this restaurant maybe once every 4 months with my grand father (he likes this restaurant) and it gets worse and worse every time I go there. But service is great.Go there if you win some $$$ there, otherwise I am pretty sure there are more excellent french restaurants in Vegas
5	This is one of the better french restaurants I've been to on the strip.  I prefer Andre's over the Eiffel Tower and Tableau for sure.  We had the escargot and foie gras appetizers which were perfect.  They also served us 2 amuse bouche, a blue cheese pastry and a sorbet.  The french onion soup was very nice, and not overly salted as most restaurants tend to make them.  The lobster bisque was rich, fragrant, and flavorful.  I ordered the duck which came in tender slices with crispy skin.  Other members of my party ordered the roast chicken with foie gras, surf and turf (wagyu and australian lobster tail), and lobster thermidor.  I had a taste of what everyone else was having and could tell you that each entree was flawless.  No room for dessert, but no worries, we received some complimentary petit fours which were a sweet end to a perfect meal.The decor was gorgeous and the service was amazing!  I arrived with a party of 5.  They had accidentally taken down my reservation for a party of 2.  No problem, we waited by the bar and in less than 10 minutes, they had worked out a table for us.  The waitstaff was super-attentive and friendly and our entrees were presented to us in a very posh, choreographed manner.  Fancy!I will definitely dine here again the next time I'm in town.  It's such a lovely , intimate setting with incredible food...no gimmicks necessary for the sell.
5	My boyfriend brought me to this restaurant for a special dinner date a month ago. The decor was simple yet very elegant,  which was complemented with dim lighting for an intimate dinner atmosphere. We don't eat French food very often so no expense was spared. I had the Duck Confit salad and escargot to start, and my date had the lobster bisque and sweetbreads. Of course we shared so that would could enjoy a taste of everything! The bisque was creamy and perfectly seasoned. The escargot with pesto was also delicious..and the salad as well. The sweetbreads are a MUST!!!!!! Melt in your mouth and bursting with so much flavor! For the meal I ordered the salmon, and my date ordered the lamb. Again.. the food was so wonderful and the staff was attentive and friendly. The waiter gave an excellent recommendation for champagne and desert. If you go to Andre's and don't order a souffle, you are doing yourself a great disservice. I tried the white chocolate and my date had the grand marnier. Small tastings of food were brought to the table in between dishes to clease the palate. Please please please don't hesitate to ask for advice on the menu because everything looks so amazing that you couldn't possible know what to eat without getting some further advice. We spent two hours in a private booth, enjoying the most wonderful meal... and Andre even came out to greet the customers for the evening. This place has been voted #1 in LV many times over. If you want to impress a date, client, or just treat a loved one to the most fabulous meal, this is your place. Very romantic for that special someone.
5	I have to say that eating at Andre's is always an exceptional dining experience. Chef Greg Engelhardt is no doubt the most passionate chef I've ever met. The ambiance in the newly remodeled Monte Carlo location is exceptional. The staff is always very friendly and extremely professional. My family and I have lived in Las Vegas for twenty years and have had no dining experience to compare with this fine restaurant. Always a treat! Very special!!!
3	My boyfriend and I share the same birthday, so we decided to try Andre's at the suggestion of a colleague and based on yelp reviews. As Charles and Chef Greg mentioned in their reviews, the new decor is beautiful. We loved it and it was very romantic but we were one of three parties in the restaurant at the time and the party we were sat next to was very loud and distracting. (On the bright side, I learned several new marketing techniques for Italian neighborhood's in New York. Ha!)  We started with an amuse of chilled carrot soup with shrimp and a balsamic reduction. It was delicious! I've never been a fan of chilled soup but the flavors melded perfectly (and it got my boyfriend to eat vegetables, so hey bonus points). For starters, we ordered the pan-seared foie gras and the bison carpaccio. The foie gras was absolutely fabulous and really well complimented by the apple tart! The conversation that followed after I took the first bite: BF: Well, what is it?Me: Just try it. BF: Tell me what it is.Me: I'll tell you after you try it. Needless to say, he tried it and loved it. Then I told him what it was and he wouldn't eat anymore of it. Oh well, more for me, yay!  I have never tried bison and was looking forward to it. It was very good and had a nice flavor to it. The pesto that accompanied was a bit overpowering for me, but it is possible I had too much on my bite. The arugula and pickled mushrooms were standard, nothing special to me. For our entrees, we had the filet of beef and the potato wrapped salmon.   The filet was very tender, cooked exactly the way I liked and the hollandaise sauce went extremely well will the beef and asparagus.  I did not like the potato and the onion confit (aka caramelized onions on top of potato slice). I felt as if the onion was overcooked giving it a slightly bitter flavor and although the crispness of the potato was nice, it lacked any seasoning. The salmon was cooked nicely and the crust was very crisp but it lacked any wow that you would expect from a place of this caliber. I think my boyfriend wished he had ordered something else. We ordered the grand marnier souffle and it was perfect. Very good. If you  are not a huge fan of chocolate like me (yes, I am a female, why do you ask?), I would recommend this in place. And although we waited until our dinner was almost over, it really didn't take too long. But then again, I was enjoying my company. As for drinks. At the beginning of the meal, I was asked if I wanted wine. Well, I did want wine but the bf won't drink it and considering I am a petite young gal of 25, I figured I didn't need a whole bottle to myself.  So I ask her if I can have a vodka martini and when I decide what I want to order, I would appreciate some help pairing a wine by the glass or maybe even a half bottle. Well, my martini came but my help choosing a wine didn't.  So I stuck with my martinis which were fine but considering the extensive wine list, a little disappointing. Which brings me to my next point. The service was a little underwhelming.  While decent, the only suggestion made to us was the foie.  I would think that the server would like to talk and be passionate about the food and give us some suggestions when prodded. We decided to order salads after our starters but she never came back before our entrees arrived. I enjoyed the bread and spread but I ran out of bread and was never offered anymore. The water we were served was not cold and there was no ice in it (sorry, i don't believe in paying for bottled water).  I'm not sure why the service at our table was lacking, as it clearly wasn't at the other two tables. I was looking forward to an unforgettable and memorable evening for our birthday and I left really disappointed. I really really wanted to love this restaurant.  I recall when I was a teenager my grandparents would frequent the Andre's downtown and always raved about it. I've been waiting to try Andre's for years! I want to give it another chance, I really do but there are so many great establishments to try in this city.  I wanted my taste buds to dance and I wanted to feel special and I just really didn't.
5	the fanciest restaurant I've ever been too, for sure.  It was crazy expensive but since we don't normally do that sort of thing it was lovely.  the service was spot on, the decor was edgy and classy, the food was delicious and complex and I really found myself thinking about each bite.  I would definitely recommend this place because the staff takes your dinning experience so seriously and the chef obviously takes so much pride in his work.
5	This is a hidden gem that I happened upon while visiting the Monte Carlo. I was lured into Andre's by their 2 for 1 Martini offer. It was early and they were empty, so I was given a tour of the cigar lounge and their "museum" housing rare cognacs, ports and armagnacs. The entire establishment has gotten a face lift recently. They opened up the bar area, modernized the overall decor, and made it a hip place to enjoy fine food, drinks and smooth cigars.
5	The service is top notch. The foie gras is to die for. The cheese platter is the most appealing in town. I, unfortunately, was alone when I stumbled onto this freshly-renovated Vegas gem. I moseyed up to the bar in my shorts, and was surprisingly greeted with a warm welcome. They rolled out the red carpet for me, in fact. I was lured in by the sign out front "2 for 1 martinis." The bartender made me an expertly prepared martini just the way I like it - slightly dirty with extra olives. Whenever you dine in a French restaurant, it's almost criminal not to try their foie gras. Andre's is delectable, a seared, generous portion served over sweet, cooked apples. The sommelier suggested a 2002 Riesling Eiswein (they don't offer a Sauternes by the glass) to pair with the foie. It was rich, creamy, sweet, and mirrored the dish wonderfully. Then the cheese sampler. It was served on a plate with separate, little nooks for the 10 or so cheeses that were each married with unique jellies. This dish was accompanied by a basket of sliced baguette and several types of crackers. Andre's has over 1,500 bottles of wine in their cellar. They offer 20 by the glass. The sommelier is knowledgeable and extremely approachable. The cigar lounge upstairs boasts an ideal setting for ending your evening with a fine cognac, Armagnac or port and a smooth cigar. They have a private room upstairs for parties. Andre's would be an excellent choice for a wedding reception. Thanks, guys, for the outstanding service and the warm welcome. I will definitely be back, but next time I'll bring someone to share it with.
5	What an unbelievable surprise!One of the best meals I've had in Las Vegas was at this restaurant.  I am a huge fan of French cuisine and I've eaten at some pretty exquisite restaurants in Paris and I will say that Andre's was a much more memorable dining experience.  The cocktails are stiff, the staff is attentive, and the food is delicious.I highly recommend the filet.  It was one of the top 3 steaks of my life.  I still think about it to this day and it has been over 2 years since I've eaten there!
5	I cannot say enough about how amazing this restaurant is. The sommelier was super friendly even though I ordered a low-middle range shiraz instead of the wine he recommended. Everything that came to our table was incredible. All of the food was soooo good. Service is impeccable. Andre himself came out to say hello. Might be my second favorite restaurant in Vegas (L'Atelier being first!).
5	I had a wonderful experience celebrating a friend's birthday here.Delicious olive, tomato, regular butter with bread.Scallops and Shrimp Scampi were excellent appetizers.Duck, Ribeye, Black Cod, Salmon entrees...but the Veal Tenderlion Medallions taught me what it means to truly eat something sinful...with thin herb pasta, cipollini onions, opal carrots and marsala veal jus, it was the perfect French meal in Vegas.Caramel and Apple Bread Pudding with ice cream for dessert. Fabulous food before heading to XS.Why does what happen in Vegas stay there? Please follow ME!
4	We started with warm sliced baguette with 3 different spreads, soft butter, olive spread and a tomato spread.  I ordered the smoked artichoke soup with king crab and my husband had the french onion soup.  The artichoke soup was smooth hot and the flavors blended very well.  The french onion was good as well, but the artichoke was better.  I had the tuna with coleslaw.  Seared rare, like sashimi but I loved it!  Husband ordered the filet of beef which was wonderful with a hollandaise type of sauce which could've been skipped, the beef didn't need any sauce.  It came with potato mashed like wedges and a fried artichoke.  For drinks I didn't the 2 for 1 martini, both appletinis which weren't overly sweetened.  Service was fantastic, food came in silver platters.  Only taking one star away due to sauce on steak and not the best tuna steak, but it was still tasty.Apps were between $10 and $15, entrees were between $30 (vegetarian) and $75 (lobster tails).
5	What a gem!!!  Chef Gary and his staff deserve 20 stars *********************! S&D dined here on their first wedding anniversary, and were most pleased.  D just hasn't quite gotten over the caramelized pork belly, nor the rack of lamb.  S is still quite smitten by his Dover sole.  I mean, you can't even get this most places, folks. Seriously -- with the 2 for 1 martinis and the high quality of the food, how can you go wrong?  OH, but wait.  Throw on top of that the intimate dining setting and the to-die-for over-the-top graciousness of the staff...every night you dine at Andre's will be a night you will never forget.  We'll be back for more, Chef Gary.  It was very nice to meet you.  S says that he promises to take me there every time we go to Vegas (without the kid).  :)
4	I had a wonderful experience at Andres. I was a little surprised at Andre's location and was a bit shocked when I found out that it was there the whole time. Over the years, I've stayed at Monte Carlo over a handful of times but never really bothered to pay attention to their restaurants. Andre's is a small little restaurant tucked away into the front corner of the casino. If I remember correctly, it's almost directly across from ROK. Onto the food! Started off with the Pan-Seared Foie Gras and the Escargot de Bourgogne. The foie gras is on par with most of restaurants. Seared with a port reduction you get the best of both worlds: fat and alcohol. It's a good thing that most restaurants give you two to three credit card-sized slices of foie gras because any more of it could destroy your body! As I mentioned before, the foie gras was pretty good and a bit on the lean (less fat content) side. Very flavorful and worth the try. The escargot was surprisingly delicious. I suppose any seafood garnished and infused with spices topped off with a bath of melted butter makes any chewy sea creature taste that much more exquisite. I wish I had pictures to show, because the presentation of the entrees were delightful.Onto the main entree. I had the Cervena Venison Loin that evening and it was simply awesome.  Normally, venison ends up being a little gamey in taste and a little dry (think of buffalo steak vs. prime rib), but the way Andre's prepared it is something to revel about. Tender, juicy, slightly red, garnished with delectable vegetables and other garnishes, and strategically placed next to a pool of jus/sauce...[beam of light shooting through clouds]... So with that said, I just have to say that you have to try it out for yourself. So in addition to the venison, I had the opportunity to sample several of my friends' dishes as well. The Prime Angus Ribeye and the Muscovy Duck Breast were equally as excellent that evening. As you can imagine, a medium rare ribeye is THAT good, and a duck breast topped off with a pomegranate sauce is also THAT impressive.I would definitely return for a repeat visit and try their other entrees.
5	I stayed in this hotel for my birthday weekend. I wanted a nice dinner to celebrate. I went here with a few of my close friends and had a wonderful experience. The seating was very secluded and elegant, we were able to talk at a normal voice. We had chosen the prefixed menu they offered. I'm not sure if they have that everyday. The portions for all of the food they gave you were huge. I was full after my appetizer and I still had my entree and dessert left. I would come back to Las Vegas to eat here again in a heartbeat!
4	Amazing food, really light? Haha, ya right.  This is true heavy french good stuff.  Pricey food, so so hotel but honestly, its a high level establishment and quite worth it.
5	I am inclined to like all things martini. My rule is if you can shake it in a shaker and pour it into a martini glass (and it isn't poisonous or still alive) I am in! This rule has led me to the delightful bacon martini, electrolyte-rich pickletini, creamy avocadotini, and now the amazing and sinfully decadent Foie Gras Martini.Yes, I said Foie Gras Martini! We came to Andre's just to have this intriguing concoction. We sat at the bar and ordered the martini. The wonderful bartender told us it was prepared in the kitchen and came with accompaniments so it would take a little longer, but it is worth the wait. He was not lying. About 10  minutes later a procession arrived at the bar. The chef stood before me, behind the bar and a waiter placed a large divided glass plate in front of me. There were also 2 or 3 other servers/managers there to watch. Greg, the chef introduced himself and placed a tall elegant martini glass in front of me. He shook a small martini shaker and poured the luscious contents into my glass. Essentially it looked like fluffy liquid foie gras. Then Greg produced a black truffle the size of my head and a microplane and proceeded to grate a very generous amount of the truffle on top of my martini. He then explained the martini and the 4 different items on the plate and the best way to consume my "experience." He then wished us bon appetite and slipped away.First the martini: It was all the wonderfulness that is foie gras and more. It has hints of honey and vanilla and a fluffy luxurious texture. It is also earthy which is complemented by the black truffle. It was honestly mind blowing! The accompaniments: a poached apple with 5 spice powder creme anglaise, nutella ice cream, macerated raspberries and huckleberries, and toast points. Each item was delicious on its own but when paired with the martini brought out different flavor experiences which made the martini even more mind blowing.This was more than just a drink, it was an amazing culinary experience. Of all the decadent delights in Las Vegas the Fois Gras martini experience truly stands out. This is now on my "must-do" list for future Vegas trips. Oh, and it is less than $20.
5	The food was absolutely incredible and so was the service. Classic French cuisine perfectly executed and worth every penny. We started with the seared foie gras and escargot, both of which were excellent. For entrees, our group of five got the Muscovy Duck (x2), the filet of beef, the veal, and the lobster thermidor. As expected, all were excellent. The Kahlua souffle was not as flavorful as it should have been, but the mixed berry souffle more than made up for this minor hiccup. Since we went to see The Beatles' "Love" show at the Mirage, we ate very late and were the only people in the restaurant, however, the service was still impeccable and genuinely friendly.
4	Compared to the grand scale of most Strip restaurants, Andre's has always been exceptionally intimate, the perfect place for an undistracted romantic repast. But while it was once all old world elegance, the room has now been remade with Art Deco motifs contrasting complementary patterns of blue, rust, cream and brown--still subdued, but also convivial and whimsical. The ample staff augments that spirit with warm but studious service. If you simply ordered a Caesar Salad (garnished with rare Tete de Moine cheese) and a fine Prime Angus Ribeye (finished in an inky pinot noir reduction) you would likely be happy here. But why not play a little? Rochat and his Chef de Cuisine Gary LaMorte produce some memorably creative turns on French classics augmented by fresh ingredients and peppy presentation. Be daring, as I was, and plunge into that signature Foie Gras Martini--half aperitif, half appetizer--the earthy fresh pate dissolved and shaken with chilled vodka and poured (over fresh huckleberries, on my visit) in a glass as tall as your eye level. An almost milkshaky savory sweet delight, it is a decadence best shared. Of the many worthy first courses, I could have happily entertained the caramelized pork belly, frisee & warm oxtail confit salad, traditional escargot, or the popular onion soup au gratin, but was happily diverted with the uncommon farm raised abalone, the toothy shellfish providing a worthy canvas to an heirloom tomato and almandine potage, balanced with a subtle celery root mousse in the shell. A Cajun-inspired spicy crayfish bisque en croute followed, hot and peppery with delicate meat. Though I've enjoyed Andre's elegantly delicate Dover Sole Veronique in the past, I was just as delighted with the modern take on Muscovy Duck Breast, lightly crusted and remarkably tender, accompanied by wild mushrooms, a tricolore of near-liquid gnocchi and a flourish of tart pomegranate sauce. Venison loin, vegetable risotto and veal pot au feu were other intriguing selections. Desserts follow suit with rousing revisions of the classics.Such a meal of course practically demands the grape; Wine Director Claudio Vigani oversees a substantial but digestible list, bolstered by Burgundy and Bordeaux verticals but also offering impressive bottles from California and around the world.Andre's has yet another hidden surprise in its upstairs cigar and cognac lounge, one of the only places left on the Strip dedicated to enjoying a leisurely smoke. With possibly the biggest cognac and brandy collection west of the Mississippi, it punctuates the experience with panache.
5	WOW! Truly amazing! The host promised us great risotto but we got more then that! First, the ambience is intimate and elegant. The chef, Gary, came out and explained the risotto options as well as all of the specials. Gary came out again to serve our main course and to grate white truffles onto the bowls of mushroom risotto. We started with crawfish bisque that is topped with puff pastry, deelish. I had the dover sole, it was light with delicate flavors. For dessert we shared the lemon peach souffle which was the perfect finish to a perfect evening. Thank you Gary and the entire staff for treating us like gold!
4	Had a great meal at Andre's a few months ago. Been anxious to return ever since. The Bison carpaccio and salmon in cabbage were fantastic.  Who knew the Monte Carlo was hiding such a gem?
4	Merveilleux.  3 people eating costs about $205 so it's no problem to hit the $35 minimum printed in small type at the bottom of the menu.  It's a 2 hour dining extravaganza.  I think it's an extra special touch that the (young, skinny, & talented) chef Gary La Morte came out to help serve & explain his version of  the food with our waiter, Ricardo [who's worked here 12 yrs].  We had the $16 escargot appetizer, $15 riesling, $50 filet of beef with shallots, $26 perigord truffle risotto half serving, & not on the menu $46 bouillabaisse with minimal broth.  All is a degustatory treat.  La fin is a long tray of candy petits fours.
5	the fois gras martini was BEYOND words. we got lucky and the chef came out and put additional shaved black truffles on the decadent beverage!! IN ADDITION, it came with a selection of nibbles like berries and ice cream to be paired with the drink!for $18 it is the BEST DEAL, for what you get, on a martini ANYWHERE. It is a creamy blend of fois gras, vanilla and who knows what else. but very savory. still sweet. well rounded and a balanced taste on teh tongue. just amazing and like nothing i have ever had before!!the wait staff was very courteous. another plus
5	i love this place!!!i took my best friend here on her bday. i love the decor. its really beautiful inside.we had all kinds of things. we ordered the scallop appetizer & foie gras. They were both Phenomenal.My best friend is a foie gras fanatic and she says this is the best place she's ever had it.i honestly dont remember what we had for the entree, but i remember it was really good too.we had souffles for dessert which were perfect as well. i love this place. its french at its finest. and even though i spend $210 on dinner (including the gratuity), it wasnt so bad because we each had soup, 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, and two desserts. Theres many places on the strip that would charge much more! i love this place i want to go back!!!
1	omg, did I come on an off night? The food was mediocre. The scallops were overcooked and sour tasting. The pork belly was poorly cooked, the bottoms tasted like pork jerky which I almost choked on.had to try this place one, and now I know why there were only 6 people eating there that night...
5	I tried this restaurant a few months back on my last visit of Las Vegas,and i had a great time here. The staff is very polite and attentive,they sat us with no problems,and a few of our friends showed up after we were seated, and with out a word, sat our extra guests.I tried their 2 for 1 drinks on the house Vodka, and they were so good with cranberry. They use the vodka for martini's, but they did not mind mixing the Vodka with our choice.I tried their pre-fix and i admit, the meal was just wonderful, from the soup to the desert, i only wish i could remember the actual meal names, but they do not come to mind, but i really do know i enjoyed every minute of it. I hope to enjoy this restaurant again the next time i find myself in Las Vegas. It is so worth it.Hope you find the time to try it for yourself when in the area. Takecare!
4	I thoroughly enjoyed my experience at Andre's.  I actually used a Groupon at Andre's which gave me an incredible discount there.  I order the filet of beef and prime beef carpacio which was very tender and good.  I absolutely love the French Onion soup and their field greens salad.  I did not try any wine because they were a bit overpriced by the glass but had a great selection of wines.  I would definately go there again, maybe for a special occasion.. not for daily dining.
5	LOVED LOVED LOVED this place!  After looking through the free Vegas dining guide, we decided to go to Andre's based on the fact that it was the only French restaurant that had 3 $$$ instead of 4 $$$$. :)What a find!  We got their two for one martinis.  I got the sweet tea martini (wow, how amazing!) and my husband got the lychee martini.  His was quite strong, but he liked it.They serve wonderful bread with three types of butter - tomato, olive, and salted.  Yum!  For appetizers, I got the pear and roquefort cheese salad, he got the esgargots.  amazing!   They served a palate cleanser of pineapple sherbet with huckleberries.For dinner, I got the muscovy duck breast and he got the lake whitefish special.  Both were outstanding.I also think there's a lot to be said for cool decor and attentive but not snooty staff.  Loved it here - would definitely return!
5	I'm going to keep this one short and sweet...Amazing. Everything we ordered was excellent. Come here and I don't think you can go wrong with anything you order.Tell them Allison L. sent you.Just kidding. They have no idea who I am ;)
5	Top notch experience from start to finish.  My wife and I celebrated our anniversary and they did not disappoint.  If you are into foie gras I highly recommend the foie gras martini which I had the fortune that night of having with truffle.  The combination of the fat from the foie gras and the vodka made for an interesting buzz.  Worth every bit of the $18.  I would advise not having more foie gras as an appetizer as I was in overload.  The rabbit was excellent served with a bold reduction.  Although a bit small, the restaurant offered the necessary ambiance for the occasion.  Left feeling satisfied without the necessity to feel full doing so.
4	We went to Andre's at the Monte Carlo in March 2010. The first impression was how small the dining room was. Compared to the typical grandeur Las Vegas fine dining scene, it was quite intimate. We had the chef tasting menu and a foie gras martini. The foie gras martini was truly amazing. Chef LaMorte came out and shaved golden truffle on my drink, and it was heavenly. Even better, when he learned that I loved foie gras, he added the foie gras terrine into our menu. The creamy, smooth texture accompanied by the toasted brioche was definitely another highlight of the evening. Between my husband and I, we had 15 dishes total-- and that did not include the bread, the amuse bouche, the intermezzo, and the handmade chocolates at the end. Every dish was sent out with a beautiful presentation, and the smell was wonderful. From the bread with three flavored butters to the sweets that came with the bill, we had a lovely three hours at the Andre's. My husband and I both gave Andre's an 8 on a 10-point scale. We think the chef was artistic but a little more reserved when it came to temperature: the scallop was not caramelized enough and was still cold in the center; the pan-seared foie gras, although delicious, could use a little more caramelization, so did the duck. The veal cheek was very tender, so was the pork belly. The only drawback is that the pork belly was a little bit too salty and cheesy to our taste. But it may be just our preference. Although every dish was only a small bite, at the end we were pretty full. I wasn't sure if I had room for desserts. Fortunately the dessert plate, composed with three tiny desserts, was delicate and delicious. It was a perfect ending for the night. Overall we had a great experience at the Andre's. I am most impressed with how personable the chef was. He came out checking on every table a couple of times and engaged a wonderful conversation with us during several dishes. The service was attentive and professional. The host was friendly; the waitress, on the other hand, was helpful but condescending, a little bit snobby, and quite pushy. Luckily, none of that ruined our dinner. I would definitely recommend Andre's to whomever wants a quiet dinner in Las Vegas.
5	WOW. The pinnacle of French sophistication in LAS. Stunning decor yet relaxed ambiance. Sure it'll set you back a lot more than you can probably afford...but you only live once. One of the best culinary experience of my life. Words cannot describe. Just go. really nothing else to say...
4	I really was impressed with the decor at Andre's....was I as impressed with the food? I liked that they had the 2 for 1 martini special. My favorite martini was the Sweet Tea. I did try the Lychee Martini, but the Sweet Tea just blew my socks away. I'm not sure if it is because I couldn't taste the alcohol (definitely a good or bad thing depending on how you look at it) or if it was just that yummy! For dinner we decided to pass on the tasting menu. For starters, we started out with the Diver Scallop (out of this world delicious!) and the Farm Raised Albalone Almondine (which was good too but not as good as the scallops). I decided on trying the Lobster Bisque and the boyfriend tried the French Onion soup. Neither of us were that impressed by the soups. Entree time!!! I chose the Muscovy Duck Breast and the BF ordered the Rack of Colorado Lamb. The duck was perfectly cooked, but it was a little too salty for my taste...and I have a very salty tongue. I'm not much of a lamb person, but it was not overcooked or dry at all. Overall, I thought it was delicious, but the boyfriend recommends Rosemary's instead.
4	Had another stellar meal at Andre's. Bison carpaccio is worth a trip alone, also had fantastic duck with red rice and bok choy and the rack of lamb had an outstanding crust and delicious goat cheese and risotto cake.
5	The perfect place for a special celebration. We had a wedding party of 20. A call to Andre's planner  Jana Southland was all it took to put in place a perfect evening. Jana was so helpful in putting together a great menu connecting me into the their wine Somali to pick super wines and Tammy the pastry chef did a beautiful wedding cake .We all meet upstairs in the lovely lounge for a cocktail first. Then the dinner in the Terrace room- beautifully decorated. Our relaxed leisurely dinner started off with a  champagne toast and then then our lively bunch grew quite when the food arrived.  OMG the food was so good and so beautifully prepared! The cold trio appetizer with shrimp was a standout and that tete de moine cheese they put on the caesar wow. Everyone loved their entree and the chocolate cake with chocolate mouse and raspberry filling - chocolate fix!  Lori our server made sure everyone was cared for and made the bride and groom feel very special, we had 2 children in our group and Lori made extra sure that they were always a part of the party.Everyone was very happy and  thought it was the best part of the day. Yoy will love it!
5	We decided to come here over the weekend as a change of pace from the typical Las Vegas buffet. After our dinner, I have to say that I am very impressed. The staff is very knowledgeable and in general was excellent.We started off with the Escargots, and for the first time having it, they were really good. The combination of the flavors blended well and the escargots were not too rubbery or hard. The only problem with it was that it was really not, and I nearly burned my tongue.I had the Colorado Rack of Lamb and I think I'm willing to say that it was the best rack of lamb I've ever had. The tenderness and juiciness of the lamb was just perfect. It was very difficult for me to resist grabbing the rack with my hand and gnawing on the meat as if I was eating at home. Tucked underneath the rack of lamb was curried risotto w/goat cheese. It was a very interesting combo and loved how there was a slight kick of spiciness as an aftertaste to the risotto.For someone who wants a change of pace to cheap eats or Las Vegas buffets, Andre's is definitely a place to go check out. If price is a worry, it might not be your first choice. However, we all deserve to feel like a baller here and there, so spoil yourself a little bit!.
5	My friends and I went to try this restaurant because I read from a website that it is the best French Restaurant in the city of Las Vegas! After hearing that it's the best French food that you can find, my friends couldn't wait to try this restaurant. Upon entering the restaurant, I felt that the place was small but they had an upper level which was really pretty. The atmosphere and ambience is really how you would like it to be if you wish for a nice quiet and intimate dinner with your friends, family, relatives or loved ones.We took a long time to decide what dishes we would like to order as they had so many good choices and we just simply couldn't decide on one. In the end, we ultimately decided to try different dishes so that we would know which one we shouldn't order if we were to come back, and I hope we do! However, there was no such thing as "which one we shouldn't order" because everything was great.Since it's a French restaurant, they served us a complimentary starter for us to cleanse our mouth (I suppose) before starting to eat our breads, that came with 3 different kind of butter -- Black Olive, Normal butter and Tomato Butter and also before our appetizers came. For starters, we had:1) Escargots de Bourgogne -- I had a bad experience with Escargot once and was reluctant to try this for the second time in my life. However, I'm glad I did try it because this was really good. It had a great texture and it was full of flavors from the herbs that it was cooked with. 2) Farm Raised Abalone Almondine with Celery Root Mousseline -- It was a new taste to my taste bud, I don't think I have ever tried something like this before. It was refreshing and I would definitely eat this again.3) Spring Vegetable Risotto with Ricotta Salata and Saffron Butter, served with grated Black Truffle that they grate at your table. This was really good, even to me who dislike the taste of Black Truffle. I eventually took more of it despite the taste because I liked the texture and everything else on that bowl of Risotto. Yums.The next complimentary serving was a Pear Sorbet, small light and wonderful.Unveiling our food at our table, we had:1) Muscovy Duck Breast with Red Rice, Bok Choy and Ramarind Sauce -- Thick cuts of the Duck Breasts, cooked to be a little pink, perfect texture and with vegetable on the side. What else could you possibly want other than this?2) Veal Loin with Fava Beans, Angel Hair Pasta and Morel Mushroom Sauce - It was good, so good in fact. Pinkish thick-cut loins that you wish you had more of it on your plate. There are alcohol content in the mushroom sauce though, and it's pretty strong (or maybe it's my sensitive sense to alcohol). Not a very big fan of the Angel Hair Pasta but my friends loved it. 3) Prime Angus Ribeye with Macaroni Gratin, Asparagus, Roquefort Cheese and Pinot Noir Sauce -- Tender meat that you place in your mouth, with the flavor from the sauce, you can't go wrong if you order this :)4) Rack of Colorado Lamb with Curried Risotto & Goat Cheese, Ratatouille and Lamb Jus -- My friend loved this so much that she finished the whole plate even before I finished 3/4 of mine. Once you put a piece of Lamb in your mouth, it will burst with flavors. Which part of that sounds bad? None.No meal is complete without desserts right?Next up was Souffles -- Chocolate and Pistachio flavored.Both was excellent. They pour the sauce at your table, after creating a hole right in the middle of the Souffles. The sides were a little crunchy while the middle part was soft, creamy and just awesome. Being a bigger fan of chocolate, there is no doubt that I chose that over pistachio. I just wished that there was a scoop of ice cream that could go along with it. At the end of our meal, we had a complimentary small-sized dessert and the plate was clean within minutes. There is no doubt that this restaurant is one of the best restaurant that I've ever been to. They showed their skills since everything was perfect. The price is on the higher end of the scale, so if you are not looking forward to see a big number on your check, I suggest that you shouldn't come to this place. However, you should indulge yourself if you are in Vegas to try at Andre's. You wouldn't regret your decision! :)
5	This restaurant is a hidden gem of Las Vegas!These days, there's an overabundance of high priced restaurants with mostly mediocre food and terrible service.  But tucked away in the Monte Carlo Hotel, is Andre's.  A cozy french restaurant and really know how to take care of you and your tastebuds.The quiet and intimate ambiance is perfect for a date or a nice dinner w/ a few pals.And the food??  Absolutely amazing!  They usually start you w/ a small appetizer (literally a bite) that the chef has whipped up.  Every time I've gone, it's always something yummy and different, and on the house :)I had a filet and it was cooked to perfection and seasoned just right.  I also tried their foie gras appetizer and their garden salad.  The presentation was wonderful and the food was so delicious.My husband also ordered the foie gras martini, and OMG it was amazing!  Of course you'll have to like foie gras in the first place, but even I liked it!  Normally i can't stand more than just a taste of foie gras.  The chef actually comes out and pours the martini for you and even grates white truffles on top of it at your table.I resisted getting dessert after all that food...and then they brought out a little tray of small chocolates and nuts...again, on the house.  it was just what i needed w/o stuffing a slice of cake into my already bursting gullet.  wow...Still, the best part had to be the service.  I absolutely disdain going to a nice restaurant and having to track the waiter down, or even worse, the waiter making me feel like he's doing me a favor by serving me in the first place.  I strongly believe that the whole point of a nice restaurant should be the service.  Andre's did not disappoint one bit.  They were polite, timely, and extremely friendly.  I would give them 10 stars for their services and manners if i could.All in all, don't miss this place if you're looking to have a nice meal that's actually worth it.
5	Andre's is definitely the biggest reason to visit the Monte Carlo! Intimate atmosphere that exudes youth and brings the sexy. On top of impeccable service resembling a well choreographed ballet (which I'm slightly convinced the service staff at Andres are really ninjas on their off time) the front of the house swoop in and out creating an experience unlike any other. Chef de Cuisine Gary LaMorte KILLED IT!!!! Throw your hands up and leave your palate in the hands of genius! I had the chefs tasting menu which allowed Chef Gary to deliver the greatest progression of flavors and textures i have had to date in all my visits to Vegas. Huge statement right?....But its totally true! Stellar wine pairings heightened our gastronomic adventure and i swear the knowledge that came out of these ninjas mouths made me feel like i went to France and back in one sitting.I praise my experience at Andres and cannot wait to see what LaMorte comes up with next. Andres is my new vice in Vegas! "Once it hits the lips......"
1	maybe deserved 2 stars, but had to give -1 due to the ridiculous pricing for very average french food.  I know it's located in a tourist town, but I don't understand all the stellar reviews.  The entree I had was essentially pieces of overdone grilled meats thrown on a plate.  The foie gras was mediocre. Truthfully this place isn't much better than food you'd get on a cruise ship. The service was average at best, waiter was a little pushy when trying to get us to order bottled water rather than Las Vegas' best.  With so many other choices in Vegas, skip this place.
5	We stayed at the Four Seasons for our 20th Anniversary (our female friends are happy for us, my male friends seem more intimidated by the number) and asked for the best french restaurant.  We settled on Andre's in a city teeming with great french restaurants.Let's get this out of the way, it's expensive.  Standard dinner for 2 with a nominally priced bottle of red: $300.  Also, awkward location at the front of the hotel, the first location through the doors, across from a construction zone.  But, walk through the doors, and you are transported (might be going to far here) to another (old) world.The service is spectacular.  Every few minutes someone was pouring wine, water, providing bread, bringing food or checking on us.  The room is small and quaint.  You don't feel you are a cog in the french restaurant machine.  The food was perfect.  Foie gras served with cooked apple, perfect steak, fish and vegetables.  My wife is difficult to please, very difficult, Lord knows I struggle daily to find a way, but she was happy, happy, happy.
1	Bartender charged me $29 for a Bellini that was just champange!! rip off city, don't stop here.
4	Andre's + Restaurant Week = One Happy Tanya!I loved this place. Since I did go on restaurant week I am not exactly sure the regular prices but I am assuming they are quite pricey but well worth it. The atmosphere was very intimate and the setting we very private. This restaurant is tucked away in a corner of the Monte Carlo. It only has around 10 - 15 tables and 300 waiters so every time you turn around your are being serviced. It is very nice and you do leave feeling very special.All the samplings we had were really good. I had the scallop appetizer and the salmon dinner, both of which were awesome!  The food is french in origin so expect small quantities with plenty of flavor. This is no burger joints thats for sure. This is a good, fancy, private restaurant worthy of you big events (as long as someone else is taking you out if its not restaurant week....hahahahhaha)
5	Andre's has a really nice atmosphere to start off with, the server's are incredibly friendly and make sure that everything is too your liking.  I had the Dover sole, simply spectacular, I would highly reccomend it. My date had the veal and she absolutely loved it.It's a little tricky to find, being at the very front enterance to the Monte Carlo, but definately worth checking out.
4	Andre's was excellent and the staff was wonderful. I enjoyed the spinach salad with duck confit as my appetizer and it was just a bit warmed over and completely delicious. For dinner I went for the lobster thermidor.....ridiculously well seasoned. The lobster and mushrooms melted in my mouth and adding asparagus was a ideal choice. Everything went well with the hollandaise-esque sauce it was smothered in. We ordered our dessert, souffles, at the same time as our appetizers. Glad I did, as I was stuffed at the end and may have passed, but I ended up trying three of them. Kahlua, Grand Marnier, and a yummy Roasted Peanut. Pricey, so be ready to pay at least $100/head without drinks or wine. You can bring your own nice bottle of wine, but know there is a $50 corking fee per bottle.
5	We got there a little later than our reservation time but all was good. Got seated at some awkward table that looked like it was for four but was longer than it was wider. My girlfriend and i didn't want to sit side by side so we moved to the ends. Why did we stay at this table for the remainder of the evening? It was in the corner and much more private so we liked it.We ordered:escargots de bourgognefilet of beefrack of colorado lambAll was very very good and it was my girlfriends first time eating escargot. Shouldn't have brought her here because now she'll think that all escargot was this good.Filet of beef was just like a super tender steak, super tasty, and good portion size with its sides. Rack of lamb was amazing. Probably one of the best I've ever tasted!Very good experience, waiter service was great
5	This is always a place that draws me back time and time again, every time that I visit Vegas. The traditional french cuisine is superbe, and so is the service. The new renovation is quite contemporary, which was overdue. We always get treated first class whenever we stop-by, which tells you of the consistency and quality of the establishment.
5	The service, the food, the ambiance and the entire experience add up to the most amazing dining experience I have ever had!
5	4.5 stars.3 butters (plain, tomato, olive) were spectacular. Bread was warm and brought out at the right time.Service -- very helpful, pressure free. Friendly. Space -- quiet in the circus of vegas. I liked the colors. Feels like a special room, as opposed to some massive fancy place like Alex in the Wynn.- Amuse. Delicious and creative.- Sweetbreads to start. Sometimes these are pork, I forgot to ask (I don't eat beef). So when they came I realized these were the beef ones. I called over the waiter and he said "yes they are beef" and I told him I cannot have it and he said "I am really sorry. Let me get you the lobster bisque, will that work?" and I said yes and voila, it was there in 5 minutes. Great service. It was not their fault, it was mine, but they handled it smoothly and in dignified fashion.- Duck for the main. YES SIR. Fantastic. Great portion size and perfectly cooked.- Pre dessert amuse. Loved the apple flavor, yum. - Carmel chocolate dessert with sugar cane ice cream. Delish. Waiter recommended this one, good call.- Petite fours. All very nice.The ONLY reason this doesn't get 5 stars. Wait, you know, I re thought my review and said for the great service, great food, and hospitality, this DOES deserve 5 stars. Bumping it up from 4.5 to 5. Well done Andre's.
5	A must for foodies with a fine sense of attention to detail!  A good friend and I had a  wonderful wine paired dinner about 2 months ago.  We both had the 5 course tasting menu.  I'm not too sure but it may have changed to the new fall/winter menu but with  talented Chef Gary LaMorte at the wheel, I see no hesitation for anyone to give Andre's a try!  The first thing that will catch your eye is that this restaurant is not like your normal Las Vegas fine dinning eatery.  You stroll into the beautiful bar into a very intimate dinning room.  I would say about a 50 seater.  What really catches your attention is the decor of the room. Elegant but not too over the top. The room is set with a lot of space in between tables, often this is over looked when other restaurants try to cram as many tables into a room.  I loved how you felt old school, and new school at the same time.  I would highly recommend the tasting menu with wine pairings.  Every course that came to our table was greeted with Chef Gary coming to the table and explaining the dish!  I think that is so key to see the Chef come out into the dinning room to greet guests!  I know that depending on service the Chef may not make it to every single table, but that fact that other diners see the Chef making effort to get to they guests, is something that you don't see everyday in Las Vegas. Now for the food!!!!!!!   All I have to say is that this was the best (by far) dinning experience that I have had!  Like I said before ATTENTION TO DETAIL is on every dish! From the amuse, to dessert, everything was spot on!  First course was poached lobster and foie, roasted pistachio puree, Casi's reduction.  You might laugh at this but not to take away from the lobster and foie, but the puree was UNREAL!!!!!!  Texture on that was so so so smooth!  This dish was served with a foie, martini.  If your a foie fan, and a martini fan this is another must have!!!!  Next course, seared day boat scallop, sturgeon fish caviar, smoked scallop slices, pearl yam puree, curry sauce.  With this dish everything just went very very well together.  Next course, Pan roasted king fish, fennel puree, roasted red beet, citrus butter.  Once again bulls eye for this dish!  Next course, my favorite, veal loin, sear foie, sweetbreads, spinach, and mitake mushroom, with a cardamon jus.  I loved how the cardamon went with the sweetbread, just the right amount of sweetness to the dish.  For dessert it was some sort of chocolate mousse but not as light as a  mousse.  I loved the textures in this dish also.After the meal Chef Gary once again greeted us at the table to see how are experience went. Of course it was amazing to say the least.  I forgot to mention the upstairs cigar/conac room.  I myself is not a cigar fan, but to those who are, this IS a must!  So the next time your significant other asks you, "Where are we gonna go for dinner?"  Your answer will be Andre's in the Monte Carlo!
2	I am kind of a freak about restaurant week! I get more excited about restaurant week than I do my birthday - trying out fancy restaurants is a little obsession of mine. I check the menus weeks in advance, carefully plot out my week, and get so excited for trying new places. Andre's was one of the few total let downs I've had during restaurant week, unfortunately. The menu printed online for weeks before had duck as an entree choice. My husband, a friend, and I, all being duck freaks choose Andre's based on this. Unfortunately we got there and they had changed it to f-ing chicken. Honestly I don't get the whole chicken in fine dining thing. Chicken is for KFC, El Pollo Loco, or to be grilled on a salad. You can't get more boring than chicken. Chicken is my protein of last resort and not to be eaten at fancy restaurants. BOO. Already things are off on a bad foot, and then we get an awful waitress to boot. She's in her 50s and clearly very full of herself. When we ask for the restaurant week menu, she sighs and tries to talk us out of it! I thought this was for charity, lady. Then we ask about the restaurant week wine pairing and again says we shouldn't do that because it's only small glasses. Thanks, but no thanks. I had the scallop (which was tiny, but FAB, sadly the highlight of the meal), steak, and souffle. We added a foie gras. The foie gras was good, but like I always say, I nearly always like foie gras. It wasn't particularly memorable in this case. My steak was just steak. Nothing special there. Then it's time for dessert and it takes 45 minutes. After 30 minutes I complained to a bus boy (as out b*tch waitress was no where to be found) and finally 15 minutes later we get them. I mean I know souffles are fired to order, but damnit we orered these at the same time as our meal, figure it the f out. Our 3 course meal ended up taking over 3 hours. Not cool when it's a Tuesday night and my friend and I both wake up before 4 AM for work. There's leisurely dining then there's obnoxiously bad service. I've never spent well over $200 on dinner before and treated like complete crap. Oh and to add insult to injury the place was nearly empty as well. Ouch. I did send an email to the manager and got no response. I'm disappointed the downtown location is no longer in operation - I would have liked to try it. This location on the other hand is somewhere I will not be returning to.
5	I can't remember the details of what we had (was wasted by the end), but we had the Prix Fixe with paired wines each time.I felt that the value for the money was right on. Everything was made to perfection, and the wine pairings were creative. I especially liked the pear liqueur at the the end. My friend raved about it to the waiter, and was rewarded with a second pouring. That was the end of his sobriety.The location is unusual, as it's right off the dated gaming floor, in the bowels of the Monte Carlo. BUT, walk in and you will be transported immediately to class and pampering.I sent other people over there, and they too came away with the same impression: Fantastic experience. Sound value. Would do again.Of course, there is a dress code...."Our dress code is resort-evening casual. Jackets and ties are not required for gentlemen, however, jeans, jogging suites, shorts, tennis or sports-type shoes, T-shirts, tank-tops, etc., and any other inappropriately casual clothing is not acceptable. Similarly, ladies are expected to wear modest apparel. We do not set standards, just guidelines. We ask that, by your attire, you show respect for your fellow diners."
5	Very good food and exceptional service and ambiance. We started with champagne cocktails at the bar before moving on the to the downstairs dining room. The dining room is elegant and makes you forget completely that you are only a wall or two away from the casino floor. We had the lobster bisque, beef tongue, filet, veal loin, lobster, and chocolate souffle. The food was a bit rich (and the tiniest bit too salty) but the flavors were perfectly executed. The food was equal in quality to what we enjoyed in top restaurants in Paris last year. We had a lovely dinner and would recommend the place to anyone looking for excellent food and service on the strip.
4	f you enjoy a good cigar, a good drink and comfort you will enjoy Andres Lounge. Quiet and well ventilated, this is the perfect spot for an evening of fine tobacco, drinks and conversation. Andres selection of cigars is respectable, but skimpy so bring your favorite. Check out Le T.'s review of the whiskey tasting.
4	My first time trying whiskey, cigars and a cigar lounge. Had a great time! Andre's Lounge is a quaint, beautiful lounge- perfect for intimate conversation, great drinks and great cigars. We arrived for the Whiskey Wednesday event a little early so ordered a round of drinks and lit up...they have a full cigar bar but my friends brought their own. Our server was very knowledgeable about drinks and cigars. The fireplace and comfortable seating gave us the opportunity to sit and talk about our cigars, I learned a lot for my first time! Plenty of ventilation so I did not feel smoked out... The whiskey tasting event was wonderful! The hosts were from Glenlivet, Glenmorangie and Macallan. For $25 for unlimited tastings, it was well worth it for a newbie like me! Hopefully they can get more attendees as the event becomes more frequent since this was the first one. Definitely a must return for this gal...
3	Perhaps I was expecting too much. Nothing bad to say, but I was hoping for a more memorable experience. The food was good. Serving staff was very professional.  We were told that we should stick to the dress code when we called, but there were plenty of other folk dressed casually.  Loved the Rabit. It tasted like butter.  Wish I had more to say, but that's about it.
5	Classic French fine dining, I think. I've never had a dining experience quite like this. It's expensive, but worth it. They treated my husband and I like we were important people. Very few other people were there, which was kind of nice. Small but beautiful. A rare and exceptional dining experience.
5	Located within the Monte Carlo, this French restaurant is first class all the way.  Small, private, and quiet, the decor is stunning.  The food is wonderful and the service is second to none.  The price is also second to none, but worth a special occasion visit.
3	Probably one of the better picks in Vegas. I would give it a 4/5 in comparison to other Vegas joints. Meat was cooked to perfection - beef fillet gets 5/5!!! Lobster Bisque was tasty, though a bit salty...Good traditional french food.
5	Ultra expensive but if you are on an expense account, worth it.  Amazing service, atmosphere and food.  The bar is one of a few in Vegas that allows you to smoke cigars anymore.  If you are looking to impress, this is the place to go.
4	I have attended both of the Whisk(e)y Wednesday events so far with my crew, the cigar lounge is awesome, (and I will be visiting it more often!) Great intimate environment to enjoy a good cigar and cocktail, the cigar selection could be better though, if you have a favorite bring your own. The whiskey events have been very professionally run, with the beverage experts knowledgeable about the whiskey and cocktails they are serving. Several cocktails seem to have been designed specifically for the events. Your value for your dollar is AWESOME at $25.00 unlimited tasting, so pre-buy your ticket! Each event so far has seen more attendees, so show up early for a great seat in the cigar lounge. Or lounge in the tasting rooms. A very friendly staff, everyone seemed very excited during the event. I will attend every one of these that I am able, and hope to see you there. Stop by and say hello if you go, (I attend in a kilt, easy to find me!)
2	food is tasty but i can't imagine paying more than 15 dollars of food that they actually put on the plate and i actually paid 75 pp.  considering it is restuarant week, their selctions were faily limited.  portions are small, but if i had to eat 3 bowls of bread in addition to 5 courses paid 75 and afterwards, go out to order salad from another cafe to feel okay full, it is not worth it.
4	Been a while since I ate here, and and couldn't tell you exactly what we had, but I do know it was a great dinning experience!
4	Restaurant Week Menu Only.  This place offers traditional French cuisine in a beautiful setting.  The restaurant itself is stunning and one of the most beautiful restaurants I have ever eaten in.  Once you step inside, you forget you're in a casino.  Love the decor and ambience.  I find French food to be a little heavy for my taste.  I am just not in to rich food.  I have eaten here once before and was pretty underwhelmed.  When I had to go to Andres for a work dinner, I was glad it was during Restaurant Week because I'd scoped out the RW menu online and thought it sounded good (yeah, I have a serious obsession with food).  Course 1 - Started with an amuse bouche.  Like cold chicken broth.  Nothing exciting.  Course 2 - Heirloom Tomato Salad.  Excellent! I love tomatoes and the burrata cheese was delicious.Course 3 - Artichoke Soup - This was good, but like most French food, I thought this was waaayyy too creamy and rich.  Course 4 - You get a choice of entree and I went with the seared pork belly.  Awesome.  Melt-in-your-mouth pork with a nice crust of fat.  The best part of my meal.Course 5 - Grilled White Peach - I was so stuffed that I only had a bite.  It was good, but not great.I also tried the summer truffle risotto and Potatoes au gratin which were ordered for the whole table.  Loved the potatoes, although they were incredibly rich, but the risotto was just okay.  Apparently, everyone else at the table loved the risotto because they chowed.All in all, service was excellent and food was good not great.  I prefer Comme Ca, because it offers a creative new take on French food. This is a great spot if you like traditional French cuisine.  For me, I was glad my boss was picking up the tab.  Aside from RW menu, the prices were redonculous.
5	Need to update my review on Andre's Cigar and Cognac lounge!  I've been here numerous times now, I've been to every Whiskey Wednesday event thus far and have to say the team at Andre's ( Tanya and Patrick) always strive to give the best service!  Not only are they attentive, they know their stuff! Ask them about any cigar, cognac, whiskey, etc, they will tell you a little bit about what you are drinking and recommend others for you to try!I was thoroughly impressed with Patrick on my last visit, I was there to celebrate my birthday and we had dinner down in the restaurant before going up to the lounge for after dinner drinks.  Even though I usually come for the Whiskey events, I am a cognac drinker at heart.  He recommended a wonderful cognac to go with my cigar.  Not only did he recommend a great cognac, but also told me about a tasting flight of cognacs and armagnacs.  OH MY GOD...I would never had gotten the chance to try the bottles he pulled if he had not offered that, I highly recommend doing a tasting flight at Andre's if you get a chance!  Patrick took the time to show me each bottle and tell me a little about where it came from and the history of it.  Very impressive is all I can say!  Again, thank you SO much Team Andre's!!
4	Intimate, refined, appropriately snootyThis small French eatery is splashed in muted ocean tones; it boasts sea-foam blues and notes of sandy earth.  Lovely chandeliers hang overhead with skirts of crystal beads while relaxed instrumentals serenade the room in a hushed manner, much like the decor.We had a very nice head waiter and his supporting crew were great too.  The service was attentive and efficient without being uncomfortable.  The Ipads they use for cocktails and wine are utterly pointless, and seem to be there for the sake of show.  You cannot order from them, so they are nothing more than a gimmicky way to ornament the dining experience.  This contrasts the decor and overall vibe of Andre's, and is more of a distraction than a functional addition to dinner.  While everything we ordered was delicious, I found only one exceptional dish:  Braised Veal Cheeks - Done in a very classic manner, these delicate pieces of protein were braised in a rich red wine reduction, and served with polenta. The texture and flavor of the veal were both immaculate, and well balanced with the reduction.   I felt like I was biting into the essence of satin, a calm breeze, an afternoon nap, and meat.  It doesn't get any better than these veal cheeksThe lowest point was the amuse-bouche:Vicchissoise w/ truffle cream - This little shot glass of disappointment tasted like chicken stock with a cream.  I tried very hard to appreciate the subtlety of this small bite, but just couldn't find anything of substance to embrace.The cocktails are fantastic and there are tons of creative concoctions to choose from (Foie Gras in your drink anyone?)While very good, I don't intend on returning to Andre's for anything besides the veal cheeks.  Those alone are worth the visit.
5	went here a few weeks ago and it was great. only issue was we went to the bar 1st and they had a 2-1 drink special. they transfered these drinks to our dinner tab which was what they wanted but they didnt give us the 2-1 on these drinks. not major but just annoying. i blame this on the bar. so i wouldnt recommend the bar but the resturaunt was fricken awesome. we loved each dish.
3	So so so dissapointing! I'm being nice and giving 3 stars as the service and ambience was nice. We were excited to try this place because 1, it was in our hotel, and 2, it got good reviews. My friend's an exec chef, so I trust her judgment in food and such too, and she was highly dissapointed as well. We had to wait for awhile for our table as we got there 15 minutes late (but we called to let them know we'd be late!), and we checked out their menu and cocktails on the iPad. Doors open for us shortly after, and it was a really intimate and nice setting of booths and tables. The waiter, who we only saw to take our order and possible dessert order came and told us the best of the menu, etc.for our appetizers we started with the beef carpaccio and the scallop macadamia. we munched on the delicious baguette bread, and my friend ordered a cocktail that had earl grey in it, and it was a round ice that looked like a tea bag with the string and tag hanging from it. the hint of earl grey was really nice, surprisingly.the beef carpaccio was pretty good, the meat seemed to be very high quality. the scallop macadamia was HUGE, and the macadamia crust was  really good. so was the sauce with it.for our entrees, my friend got the free range chicken that was stuffed with crab and mushrooms. I got the apple stuffed pork tenderloin. we shared our dishes, and okay my pork tenderloin was not good. it was cooked to a way where it wasn't very tender, and i couldnt eat more than a piece. the sauteed brussel sprouts were so salty, that all i really enjoyed from the dish was the mashed potatoes. i even started going back to the bread basket. my friend's chicken was okay, i cant really say the combination of the chicken and crab went well together, but the worst part was her tomato gnocchi. the part we had looked forward to most. i put one in my mouth and i wish i spit it out, but felt rude to do. i felt like i had just dumped a spoon full of salt into my mouth. it was absolutely disgusting. do they not taste their food before serving? the only thing good off her plate was the spaghetti squash. now, we should've said something and we were about to, but im not one that will complain even if they ask how the food is. I regret it though because really, no one should eat their tomato gnocchi.the sweets they give you at the end, they tasted like fondant. horrible.we were really dissapointed as we had looked forward to eating here. wouldnt ever come back.
5	Had a wonderful meal. The escargot was delicious and the lamb melts in your mouth. The wine selection was fab and the sommelier was spot on with the pairing! Highly recommend!
5	it's my first experiencing french food..it was a top notch service and food..the pork belly was the best..scallop was great..omg..i told them i didn't like wine.. but i'm pretty much okay with sweeter ones..my waiter was like.. this is not on the menu, but u like sweet wine..so i bring you this one instead..lol..it was great.. thanks, good waiter! :D
5	I came here for an anniversary dinner with my girlfriend:The service, food, and ambiance were impeccable. A meal I could not find a single complaint about, wow. The cocktails were nothing to scoff at either. Come with an empty stomach and a full wallet!
5	For our 25th wedding anniversary, we wanted to find a great French restaurant (love French food).  Andre's ambiance was romantic and cozy.  The waiter was attentive and accommodating.  The food and wine were amazing.  Being somewhat of a foodie, also enjoyed meeting the chef after dinner.  If you enjoy a drink / cigar after dinner, venture upstairs to the cigar bar.  Wonderful!
4	Food tasted good but service was not. This is our fourth time in Vegas and we were meeting our friends from halfway around the world so we decided to treat ourselves to a nice dinner here. From researching online we saw that Andre's had great reviews as well it was located in the hotel we were staying at. Since our friends could not understand english we asked the waitress if she could be patient with us first and foremost and if she could slowly explain some of the dishes they were interested in. She gave us a weird look and then explained pretty quickly using "food language" that people weren't normally associated with hearing esp those still learning english. OKAYYY.... Anyways we ordered theLobster BisquePrime Angus RibeyeRack of Colorado LambCelery Root & Truffle Risottoand 1 Banana Caramel & 1 Chocolate Souffleand everything was very very delicious! Here is a tip, the main dish is just enough for a person so order that but if there is anything you want to try, order it and share with your friends. The presentation was amazing and the person bringing the food was super nice and informative. So really everything was great except our waitress. I expected better service from Andre's. I remember telling my friends that the restaurant was very well known and though the dishes were excellent, the service was a bit embarrassing. It seems from the other reviews they liked the service, maybe mine was having a bad day. :(
4	This place is fantastic. I am really into aesthetic, so when I stepped inside I was pleasantly surprised to see they put effort into theirs. The atmosphere is absolutely perfect for a romantic evening. If you love french food it doesn't get any better in Las Vegas, pretty much the only thing that's kept me from giving a 5 star rating is that the service wasn't that great, it wasn't terrible, but it was a tad bit slow. Nonetheless I would recommend this to friends and hope to be returning again in the near future!
3	Vegas...that means titties, gambling...and foie.  Real bros love their foie, yeah.  I tell you, I'd be a happy man if you would take me to a place where I could enjoy some seared foie while yelling PAI GOWWWW at some topless dealer.  But until then any french restaurant in Vegas will have to do.Tried the 7 course tasting menu for $115.  Unfortunately, the seared foie here was overwhelmed by the sweetness of the caramelized apple and creme and port reduction.  The lobster sausage wasn't interesting and reminded us of the chinatown fish cakes.  The veal cheek was the highlight of the meal as well as the souffle dessert.  Duck wasn't bad either.They do make a tasty Manhattan though.  My friend had the foie martini which was more like a foie shake...tasty at first and worth a try if you like foie but you really need to down this and not sip it as it doesn't sit well.Service was exemplary and thanks for replacing my bread bucket a couple times while I made excuses about carbing up before the RnR marathon. Not the hippest place on the strip, but nice, elegant, old school feel dining area and cigar room upstairs.  Definitely an OK place...I'd come back maybe for an entree or something, but hey, just go with the flow in Vegas.
5	By far the most elegant and expensive place I've ever eaten at.  We made reservations for a Wednesday night, but found that there was no need for it.  There is a dress code, but I noticed a family walk in with jeans an a sweater but they still sat them anyway.  Pretty good service, but you expect that at a place like this.  In my opinion though, it felt a little overbearing.  I couldn't figure out who exactly was our server.  There was a different person for each task; wine order, food order, drink order..a different person who brought us water, our food, dessert, etc.As far as the food, incredible.  As an appetizer, I got the Lobster Bisque soup.  It was smooth and sweet, perfect!  For the entree, I got the vegetable medley and my husband got the Duck.  Both very delicious dishes, I had nothing bad to say about either one.  Nothing felt like it was undercooked or overcooked.  For dessert, I got the Banana Foster Souffle.  It was my first time ever having a souffle, and as far as souffles go, the bar is set pretty high.Overall, I enjoyed my experience here.  When coming here though, expect to spend over $100 on a 3-course meal for 2.
5	I went to Andres for new years dinner. It was a prix fixe menu for $175. When we were being escorted to our table we took an elevator where the hostess dropped us off downstairs and then met us at the elevator door on the second floor. The food was amazing. My boyfriend had all seafood where as I went for the veal and lamb. I understand why it is voted #1 restaurant in vegas!
4	Dining at Andre's is a bit like dining at your Aunt Beck's, though with substantially better food. I say that because the decor is a little outdated and it feels like this restaurant is trying to draw in Richie Rich's father, but instead is getting a crowd that is more accurately depicted by the Rich Texan from the simpsons.The service was more than accommodating. The maitre d was a gent, and the service throughout was exemplary, especially for our non-assuming college-dressed group.I ordered.Beef Carpaccio 4/5 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pmoIMK8zGWvKsVOPDBYfzg?select=Q1AOpabdTWoMMsOYilpPBwA little on the salty side, but bomb nonetheless. This reminds me of Vietnamese raw beef. A really good appetizer to get your palette going.Pan-seared Foie Gras 5/5http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pmoIMK8zGWvKsVOPDBYfzg?select=b9Hryx7PBSmkCZVUu0DJnAMy first time having Foie Gras. What has my life been missing? When people use the expression "softer than melted butter", it must come from this. I wanted to lick the sauce off the plate, but I had to keep on the same level of class as my dining compatriots in their cowboy hats. Order this now.Apple-stuffed Pork Tenderloin 4/5http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pmoIMK8zGWvKsVOPDBYfzg?select=dXamqhMBoTVGA7UQrq4HZQTexture was a little different than what I expected. I guess it is difficult to make a lean tenderloin as soft as a Foie Gras. The stuffed-apple was not as tart as I expected either. A worthy attempt, but I would order something else should I come back.Should the restaurant be located at the Encore or the Bellagio, I can see Andre's easily charging almost double for their food. I would say come check out Andre's for a economical fine-dining experience with food that is well-commensurate to cost. As the French say, bon eating time.
4	Proper Lounge!Fantastic experience!! We came if for a whiskey tasting event. The staff is VERY professional and friendly. The cigar selection is excellent and the prices are reasonable for the environment.I highly recommend that you check this place out.
5	My love love Jackie took me here for my 23rd bday :)We ordered the scallop appetizer & foie gras. They're both super yummy! For my entree, I ordered the RIbeye w blue cheese topping n it was also super yummy! The souflees were also delicious.  :)I honestly think this place makes the best foie gras everrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Writing this review makes me miss her n wish we could come back here one day for another lovely dinner.
4	Great cigar bar. Roquefort stuffed olives for my GG martini. Perfect! The Foie gras was the best I have ever had. The Rib eye tiger prawn main was disappointing.  The rib eye was from the big end and seemed like a cheap piece of meat and served sliced like tri tip. To make it worse it was served full on medium.. After a two tugs they agreed to a redo. After fifteen minutes they said they ran out of rib eye! They did agree to cook more Foie gras and it was wonderful.
4	My husband and I went to this place the weekend we got engaged. I had been drooling over the menu for a month and the food was incredible. The foie gras here was so delicious it made me almost get over my animal-cruelty induced guilt, but the star of the show was the beet salad. Beets were roasted to perfection and the vinagrette was the perfect compliment to the addition of some very sage-y sausage. The only negative was the atmosphere. It is RIGHT off the casino floor in the Monte Carlo, so it does not feel very far removed from the hordes of 80 year old ladies in t-shirts and visors playing slots. We also sat at a table that was too large to really feel intimate for date night. With a large group this place would be great!
4	Excellent food, beverages and service in a decidedly French Restaurant atmosphere. We had a wonderful time with a party of 4, the service was superb. the food was tasty and excellent quality. I ordered what the menu described as a Ribeye Steak, but it looked and tasted like a particularly tender and flavorful Filet Mignon.  The souffle and sorbets for desert were superb.  I recommend this restaurant and would have given it 5 stars except for the fact that the server misrepresented the size of the deserts, insisting they were small single serve portions not suitable for sharing, when in fact the desserts were very large servings very much suitable for sharing... The sorbets were three full scoops! This made us feel like we had been "sold" on ordering extra desserts, which was quite "tacky" for such an otherwise superior example of a French Restaurant.
4	Very tasty drinks. I came on a 2 for 1 night for select drinks. I had a whiskey based drink and my GF had a espresso martini. Both were excellent. We snacked on beef carpaccio which was excellent. There was small confusion over ordering and what was available, but I think it was because our bartender started only a week or so earlier, no biggy. The location of this bar takes away from a 5 star rating, because it is literally right next to the exit doors. Cold air kept blowing in and made it quite uncomfortable. Also the noise from the casino floor and a view of the faux strippers near the gambling tables will keep this place a 4 star bar, as I see no way to fix these flaws.
3	This is truly a great restuarant...but, yes...but...it is marketed in such a way that gets your expectations sky high so it's hard to live up to it.First of all it's in a crappy restaurant with a cheap casino strip club cat walk right outside.  If it was classier it could have a nice touch but it makes you feel like you're in a motel.  Second, as nice as the decore of the restaurant is it is small and stuffy.  You feel like you're stuffed into a sealed box with a Grecian twist.  It's SO quiet inside, even with a relatively full restaurant.  People are afraid to speak up.  The service is very nice and the food is delicious but it didn't feel extraordinary.  Granted, the best thing I tried all weekend was the foie gras terraine but still, Bouchon is such a better bet for French and Le Cirque is so much more lively and interesting.I'm glad we tried it finally and I wouldn't talk anyone out of going but I wouldn't really recommend it highly compared to the amazing other options you have.
4	Pretty good but for the price I think you can find better.
5	Great ambiance and service. My husband and I ordered the Restaurant Week 5-course meal, with a wine pairing for the husband. Not being French, I don't remember the names of everything we had, but it was all good. I had the roma tomato and watercress salad, a bit under-seasoned, but it was a pretty presentation with the tomatoes sliced paper thin and arranged in a round platform for the watercress to sit upon. The hubby had the french onion soup which was delicious but over-seasoned...he wanted to dip the baguette slices in it like a sauce. There was a drop of pineapple sorbet in a thimble of sparkling water that was tart and refreshing even though it really is a tiny thimble...The hubby ordered the spring chicken breast on a bed of jasmine rice with mushrooms in a cream sauce. He really enjoyed it, and being an ardent advocate for dark meat, that's saying a lot. I ordered the ribeye with a potato lasagna (looked like lasagna with white sauce but tasted like scalloped potato). The ribeye was the best I've EVER had, a little crispy around the edges without being hard, and yet so tender and flavorful that my heart broke a little when I ate the last bite... Dessert was a frothy chocolate affair that was dark and bitter, but went so well with the two dollops of smoked cream on the side, and the crunchy waffle-pattern slice of glaze sweetened the chocolate rather well too. The hubby said all three glasses of wine he had went really well with the dishes he was served with, and you'll just have to take his word for it.
4	The bartender was very cordial and helpful.  I would have asked for his name but I didn't want to creep him out.There are ipads that are placed on the counter.  You can browse the menu and order through the ipads.  I thought that was innovative.The escargots was delicious.  We had drinks too, which were perfectly made.
5	Trying new restaurants is a hobby of mine, if you couldn't tell. While doing research for this Vegas trip, I came across Andre's in the Monte Carlo. It's Michelin rated, the menu looked great and the location was perfect. After a few long days in Vegas, staying in the hotel on our last night was a great option. When you cross the casino floor to get to Andre's, you wonder if the noise from the party pit will be bothersome, that is, until the hostess opens the doors to the dining room. This was a really impressive room, it's dark and sexy in browns and blues with touches of purples and grays. High banquettes line one wall with tables around the room. We were seated in a banquette and conversations around us were so muted that if we didn't see the staff attending to other tables, we would have thought we were alone.  The room left us with quite the first impression. The music was great too, I think I knew every song, but I've been told I'm somewhat of a music savant. Ross, our waiter told us that Chef Andre also owns Alize at the top of the Palms. He used to own a free standing restaurant, also called Andre's, downtown for almost 30 years, but that recently closed. The extensive, mostly French wine list and cocktail menu are presented on an ipad. I went with a Willy Nilly, how can a drink with that name be bad? It was delicious. Gramercy Guy had the Bloody O Cosmo, mine was better.  After determining that we'd both go fish, the sommelier helped us pick out a nice bottle of white.Dinner started with an amuse bouche of frois gras in the shape of a club. For me, it was the perfect creaminess and gaminess that I like. Best part was it did get me excited for the meal to come, my bouche was amused.The service was exceptional and the food was superb, our only problem was we had a late lunch and then our new friends from Seattle and Puxatony, PA brought us In-N-Out Burger which is my fast food kryptonite so we couldn't eat most of our dinner. Ross even asked politely if everything was ok with our meal and we told him about the late lunch. I'm not sure he believed us.Enough people know about Andre's, so it can't be classified as a hidden gem, but I will tell you that I think it's a MUST. For pictures and more reviews www.gramercygirl.com
2	I guess it's because we've been to the old Andre's in downtown (which has been closed down now), we can only give this one 2 stars, course it is not as good as what we had at the downtown one in the past. The food didn't taste bad, just not meeting up to what the downtown one could offer. I don't know why. I suppose it's the same owner same chef, why the difference??My husband got a Rib Eye steak, I got the dover sole. My husband said the Rib Eye steak was bad but not a wow. My dover sole was okay too but the sauce was too sour that I couldn't really taste the fish. The sourness of the sauce overpowered the taste of the beautiful dover sole. It was a little bit disappointing. At the end, my husband got a carrot cake souffle and I got the raspberry white chocolate souffle. But they pour the mixed up the sauce, and poured the white chocolate sauce on the carrot cake souffle, and the cream cheese anglaise on the raspberry white chocolate souffle (the right order should be white chocolate sauce on the raspberry white chocolate souffle, and cream cheese anglaise on carrot cake souffle). So they had to remake the other 2 for us. (The taste was really funky when the wrong sauce got on the wrong souffle). At the end they charged us $1 caring donation, probably because of the remaking of the souffles. I was just stupid enough not to ask them at the spot. I should have asked if the $1 is due to the fact that they had to remake the souffles. I guess I was too tired that night so my brain didn't function properly. Now I think about it and even wonder why I didn't tell them that the sauce of the dover sole was too sour????? Why didn't I say something right away? Now I can only learn the lesson not to do fine dining on a tiring night. But who knows what other caring donation they would have charged if they were going to remake my dover sole! I just don't understand why they didn't state everything up front.....it seems so wrong to me. I was never asked to pay for someone's mistake in my past dining experience. We are not going back at all, they don't seem to be doing the business in the right way. What a disappointment. Even bigger disappointment when we had the old Andre's to compare it with. Sigh.....
5	I have been here a few times and being a culinary student I have to say it is fantastic. They even have a Foie Gras martini if you dare.
4	Husband and I celebrated his birthday over a long weekend in Vegas.  The restaurant was small but elegant and intimate with just 15 tables or less.  We had initially decided on the 5 course tasting but after speaking with our server, we were immediately sold on ordering from the a la carte.  For the first course, husband had pan-seared foie gras which paired perfectly with caramelized apple.  My escargots were juicy, flavorful and the sauce was great for dipping.  We both ordered the lobster thermidor for entree - 2 lbs of lobster cooked in a brandy cream sauce with asparagus and mushrooms.  The service was impeccable, food was well-prepared and I highly recommend it.
5	If i could some this restaurant up in one word it would be: AMAZING!Every dish made to perfection!Foie Gras, French Onion soup, Lamb CHops, Dover Sole, and their souffles are EXQUISITE.I have been here 20 times at least and I plan to return!
4	This was the second night of our culinary vacation in Las Vegas and the food did not disappoint!  The service was not quite as perfect as it could has been but I think the waiter had his plate full.We started simply, ordering the foie gras, when the amous boush was sent out by the chef.  It was a potage with tumeric, chives and crispy ham to top.  And while bread and butter may seem simple, this was not the case at Andre's.  Our butter selection was a trio selection of sun-dried tomato, kalamata olive and simple sea salt.  The kalamata olive was out favorite, the flavor was creamy and salty with a hint of grape.  (I know what you are thinking, how can that be?  The magic of Andres.)Our foie gras was the most amazing that we have ever had.  It was like Christmas IN your mouth.  A generous portion of pan seared foie atop a perfectly poached apple floating in a 5 spice creme anglaise with a port wine reduction that was to die for. (Or stab your partner's hand with the fork so I could eat it all.) Did I mention the skinless grape that was sliced so thin that, if portioned properly you has a slice of green grape with each bite of foie, apple and creme?After this delight, we were brought our Summer Truffle Risotto.  Market Price.  Turns out for the amount of truffle that was shaved onto our mint risotto with duck comfit it was really inexpensive.  Creamy, balanced, earthy, (just enough) cheesy and so delicious.  I am very happy this was my first experience with black truffle.The chef then sent out an intermezzo of grapefruit sorbet floating in a bit of soda water to cleanse our palates.I had the free range chicken, which was cooked perfectly, juicy and tenderon a bed of corn and chile ragout.  It would seem to be a bit on the spicy side for someone unaccustomed to heat, though it was perfect for me.  The mole was delightful and full of flavor.
2	Andre's sounds good going by the reviews. It was disappointing eating there, though. I do not have any history with the restaurant, but have to agree with Zoe.The amouse bouche was an uninspired tomato et. al. soup. the service annoyingly rushed, trying to get you out before the 7 course meal is finished or make sure it finishes fast - all in, 90 min from entering to leaving the restaurant - blessed be american efficiency. The oxtail cannoli was burned - I guess somebody put a torch to it and overdid it - talk about quality control... Gordon would have the chef do the dishes. The fois gras was ok. the sorbet inbetween to cleanse the pallet was a block of ice that I could not eat...the duck was done very nicely- a perfectly cooked piece of meat with a very balanced, sweet ensemble of sides. The cheese course was good as were the berries, but then again what could you do wrong except buying bad ingredients? The chocolate pineapple desert was quite nice.I am used to unfiltered wine, but to shake the bottle prior to serving seems ill advised - especially if you do not decanter, so it is up to the customer to battle the deposit.All in - certainly better than a macdonalds, but Ido not get what is so good about andre's... a waste of money, only good to impress a certain clientele.
3	After walking through the double doors into the dining room. You see a small little dining room with beautiful traditional decor. Our table ordered 5 course tasting menu for 90 dollars. No choices for the 5 course was given.The first course was the beef carpaccio. A little bland for my taste. One huge drawback was that the carpaccio was frozen on the plate. You had to basically let it warm up a little for the carpaccio to defrost. This is where my table ran into a problem and when the waitress offered us truffle on the carpaccio. As stated in the menu, truffle was an ingredient part of the dish. However, when we got the check we were charged an additional 10 dollars each for the truffle topping. The waitress failed to mention that the truffle was 10 dollars additional and at the end insisted she did. Especially since it was mentioned in the menu without an additional charge, we mentioned it to the manager. The manager stated that something like this at this "upscale" restaurant always has attached fees as if our table should have assumed the truffle was additional. The manager was haughty but removed the charge of the truffle from the check not without an attitude about it.So going back to reviewing just the food. The seared scallops were great. perfectly cooked and seasoned. This was my favorite course. It was also beautiful to look at. So much so you didnt want to eat it.Ox tail cannelloni. This was decent. The rest of the table enjoyed it much more than I did. This reminded me of a gourmet version of a beef tacquito. dessert- chocolate souffle, though I was stuffed at this point it was delicious with pineapples on the bottom.gelato with panna cotta, decent but forgettable.Overall I gave this restaurant only 3 stars because of the service and the problem and the attitude we encountered. The food was decent, but I would not return.
5	Quite possibly the best meal I have ever had.Everything was a five-star.....Food, drink, service, etc.....
5	Food: awesome. Service: acceptable. Nothing really wrong with the service, but it just didn't do the quality of the food justice. I lived in France for several years and thi was very close to a French experience.
5	So we came in here a while ago for dinner and it was a great experience. The service was a bit on the stuffy side for me but friendly and attentive.  I think between the service and food it was exactly what I expected, but not mind blowing. I think you have certain expectations when coming to these type of restaurants and all of mine were definitely met.We got a couple of lobster thermidor, I believe a steak, some escargot, some veggie stuff, tasty booze and some other random stuff that I don't recall at the moment. The lobster was very very delicious. It seems like most people who've had it would agree that its a dish you will love.We did have this random question as to whether the lobsters were live in a tank back there or if they were frozen and got the "Oh yeah they're live" response, which seemed odd somehow but its fine. They're delicious whether they're clubbing them in the head 12 feet away or at a different location. They don't parade them in front of you prior to dinner so its a mystery!Overall very enjoyable and relaxing time. Dinner takes a couple of hours so keep that in mind if you're one of those "get the food and get me out of here" people.
5	We dropped in here a few nights ago. We got lucky and hit the two for one drink specials. The atmosphere is very chill and I felt comfortable as soon as I sat down.Our bartender was by far one of the coolest that we have had in a long time! I wish remembered his name since we spent 3 hours with the guy (Just ask for the guy who used to live in Lake Tahoe) He is kind and full of great stories. He made some fantastic cocktails including a lychee martini and a chill thyme drink that was ridiculously tasty. It was our anniversary and at the bartender made us feel so special! I totally enjoyed this place and will hit it up the next time I am in Vegas!
2	I was very excited to experience this restaurant. The pictures looked very lovely and when I researched the menu online, my mouth began to water just looking at it. However, Andre's just did not live up to my expectations. Let's start with the ambiance. It was a little quiet in the beginning of the evening. So quiet that it almost felt awkward to speak with my party during dinner. The decoration of the restaurant itself was very nice though. It had a nice soothing feeling, honestly, almost reminiscent of being under the sea. I think it was the light blue green color against the creams and dark browns that gave that under the water vibe. Either way, it was a nice look. Too bad I didn't feel too comfortable talking to my dinner date about the place because we were concerned about disturbing the people around us. The food was ok. It didn't start out well, the bread was hard as a rock. Our shrimp cocktail appetizer only had a few shrimp on the platter but luckily they were jumbo shrimps! The Lobster bisque was rather excellent, it was probably one of the highlights of the meal. My main course was their chicken breast with a potato cake of some sorts. It was nothing that would leave a lasting impression. The creme brulee dessert was nice, however once again, a little disappointing. The part that really docks down the star rating from 3 to 2 would have to be the very poor service we received. It took us almost 3 hours to get through an appetizer, main course and dessert. I understand that a fine dinning experience can take a bit of time, but I would have to say that the 3 hours was a little ridiculous. We arrived for a 7:00 PM reservation and did not leave until 9:50 PM but we were ready to leave long before. There was just so much lag time between each of our courses that we constantly felt forgotten about. There were 2 other tables that were seated after us and were able to finish their meals and be on their way a good half hour before we even received our checks. In addition to dreadfully slow service, I felt like the manager was a little on the snippy side and didn't do a very good job of hiding her annoyance.when we informed her that we had a $100 gift certificate we would like to apply to the bill.
4	A very intimate place. The food was good but not amazing to justify the price.  The seared foie gras was cooked to perfection.  The poached pear was a nice addition but combined with the sauce was a bit on the sweet side.  The first few bites of the rack of lamb with cous cous was amazing. Subsequent bites with big chunks of corriander, cadomom, and other various spices were a bit annoying.
5	I was blown away by the food and service I received at andres.  I went back home and recommended it to everyone!  Because it, like everything else in vegas, is located at the edge of the casino, they find a way to create a  nice, quiet, and romantic atmosphere.  The bar is located behind the hosts stand only a few feet.away from the casino.  The host/hostess will, take you past the bar, and down a short hallway where he/she will open these two huge doors and take u into the main dining area.  When the doors close all the outside nose becomes muted, and you hear the nice contemporary music.  It is small, but cozy.  The maitre d welcomed us and explained the menu to us.  While gee did that, the waiters moved quickly and quietly to place our napkins, pour the water, and remove the design plates.  They worked so fast and quietly, I barely noticed them working and was able to focus on the menu.  We start off with the amuse bouche of cold creamy carrot soup with ginger whipped cream.  I want feeling well at first, so I didn't war much of it (even though it was small), but for the little I did eat, it was phenomenal!  The ginger infused whooped cream was soothing and went well and very smoothly with the pureed carrots.  I then ordered the lobster and corn bisque for my starter.  When the waiter put the bowl in front if me, it had the silver plate cover on it.  When he removed it, I felt like the made a mistake.  In the bowl, I saw a pile if shredded meat, and three tiny pancake things around the shredded meat.  The waiter then pointed to the meat and said: " this is the lobster, and these (pointing to the pancakes) are corn pancakes."  He then brought a silver gravy boat to my attention in front and said " this is the bisque."  And he poured it in the bowl.  My first reaction to this dish must have been a classic expression because the people I went with started laughing at me.  This bisque was so good!  so creamy!. It had the perfect blend of lobster and corn!  So if anyone orders this, expect it to arrive a lot.differently than you think.  And I loved that table side service.  We then had a palate cleanser.  It was a pinapple mint sorbet.  That was just a  mouthful of sorbet, but that mouthful did just what it was supposed to.  It was not tatty like normal pineapples, and the mint was not overwhelming like how mint can be.Following that, or entrees came.  I wanted to order something more basic because some of the most basic items are the things the chefs have the hardest time doing, so I ordered the filet minon.  I have to say, Andres is the *first* place I have been to that can cook a piece of beef so perfectly!  I like my meat done medium and they had a nice searing on the outside, and the inside was a consistent pink finish on the inside.  Full of flavor!  The sauce it comes with had a nice cheesy, creamy.taste to it which matched well with the filet minon, but with meat done that well, who needs the sauce to cover up perfect seasoning?!We didn't order dessert there, but they gave us complimentary  chocolates instead.  The service was so amazing and its an experience everyone should go through.  The food was soo delicious!  I would advise allowing at least two hours to east there.  Like typical fine dining restaurants, you expect great food and service, they in turn expect you to have a memorable dining experience so nothing is to be expected in a rush.PLEASE WEAR NICE CLOTHES.  its respectful of them and doesn't make you look like an idiot.
5	What an outstanding dining experience!  Myself and three others initially wanted appetizers in the lounge but were told that apps were only served in the bar area downstairs.  They explained there was plenty of room in the main dining area so we decided to have dinner and boy were we glad we did!  The atmosphere is perfect and the service impeccable.  I chose the 7 course tasting menu and one other guest did the same.  The other two had lobster thermidor and a filet.  Most of the dishes in the tasting menu were outstanding and just a few were very good.  The lobster dish was incredibly flavorful and the lobster was huge.  The filet was ordered well done and according to the guest it was cooked perfectly.  I wish I would have noted each dish in the tasting so that I could have described each in my review, but I will comment on the finale which was a chocolate souffle.  OH MY GOD was it good!  The waiter placed the souffles in front of us and poked a hole in the top and proceeded to pour a decadent, silky and warm chocolate sauce into the hole.  The souffle was so light and fluffy and loaded with flavor.  It was a sacrifice but the two of us did share with the two who didn't order the tasting menu and everyone loved it.   This is definitely a Monte Carlo gem and I will definitely dine here when I return!!  (One last thing to rave about...we all tried the escargot too.........to die for!!!!)
5	Andre's was my first stop for Restaurant Week, and I don't think I could have asked for a better meal.  I'll say it was probably my favorite meal so far this year, though Sushisamba's omakase is a close second.  For $50.12, I was treated to a four course meal when a lot of other RW menus were only 3 courses.  Seemed like good value, and I've never tried Andre's before.While waiting for my table, I ended up chatting briefly with their bartender.  She's from Croatia, which I am a huge fan of.  This girl is so hot she's worth going to the restaurant for alone!Before the first course came out, I was given an unexpected amuse-bouche.  I wish I could remember what the waiter called it, but it was tasty.  There's pictures above of this item, as well as the rest of my meal.The first course was "Roasted Corn Soup With Warm Crab Salad, Garlic Chips And Chive Oil."  I'm not a big soup fan, but this was fantasic.  Amazing flavor, and a generous portion.The second course was "Butter Lettuce Salad With Crispy Duck Confit, Toasted Almonds And Cherry Vinaigrette."  Another delicious item I wasn't expecting to enjoy that much.  The duck was very tasting, I just wish there was a little more dressing on the plate.I was then given a palette cleanser, a little bit of gelato.  I've never seen that before a main course, but who am I to argue.I actually never ordered my main course.  There were three choices, and I skipped the chicken and narrowed it down to "Grilled Rib Eye Cap With Anna Potato, Broccolini And Horseradish Beef Jus" or "Seared Scottish Salmon With Spinach Gnocchi, Heirloom Tomato And Truffle Beurre Blanc."  I had just had steak the night before, or I would have ordered the first choice.  Instead, I told the waiter to pick.He brought a steak knife, so I figured that was that.  I actually thought (since I'm a poker player) that it would be awesome if he was trying to trick me and brought me the salmon.  But what waiter would think of that?  RICARDO DID!  The salmon arrived, and I was both disappointed and delighted.  In the end, it was really a delicious main course and I'm not unhappy at all.  Perfectly cooked salmon, and the gnocchi were fantastic.For dessert (I could barely eat anymore!) they brought "Cocoa-Nut Marquise With A Banana-Lime Sabayon."  I know like 2 of these words, but my taste buds liked all of them.The entire meal was first class, with the manager coming over to chat with me at one point.  The dining room is small and has a great vibe.  I have 0 complaints about this place and can't wait for the next Restaurant Week to eat here again.
4	Wednesday, we had reservations at Andre's for 7 o'clock. When we arrived it was nice to be so warmly welcomed "Oh, right this way. We have a table ready for you." And sure enough, we were seated a table set for three. Little touches like this don't go unnoticed.To get us started we received a amuse bouche a caviar creme palette cleanser. Breads followed, and we tacked on the wine pairing for $25. Reisling, Chardonnay, A French red with a name that escapes me and a dessert Reisling. Our first course was Roasted Corn Soup with Warm Crab Salad, Garlic Chips and Chive Oil a beautiful soup with delicate flavors.Next, was Butter Lettuce Salad with Crispy Duck Confit, Toasted Almonds and Cherry Vinaigrette. Clean and crisp, with a hint of richness just to be naughty.Seared Scottish Salmon with Spinach Gnocchi, Heirloom Tomato and Truffle Beurre Blanc and Grilled Rib Eye Cap with Anna Potato, Broccolini and Horseradish Beef Jus. Both dishes were cooked to perfection and nicely prepared.We finished with Cocoa-Nut Marquise with a Banana-Lime Sabayon for dessert. This was a decadent dish without being overly sweet. Tartness from the lime helped to balance the flavors and the banana flavor added a playful element. Food and service were solid. Andre's is a class act through and through.
3	i had my hopes up..the only thing that was awesome was the things i didnt mean to oder..like the amuse bouche..and the other palette cleansers..i had the soup, scallop, risotto, tofu, and chocolate dessert..out of the 5 course meal i like the scallop the most..i didn't know u can swap out items for the 5 course..if i had known i would of choosen something else..the server didn't mention it..nor did he mention i can choose another flavor for souffle..o well..the duck was tasted...and the cheesecake was really good..both which i didn't order..though it was nice they gave an anniversary dessert..but that's about it..
4	Love how I can Yelp for something and when I find it, make reservations through OpenTable in the Yelp app. Clap Clap Clap!Cousin and I flew to Vegas from California, the foie-gras-less state, excluding the Federal regulated areas. Since one of my traveling policies is to try things I can't have at home, this was on top of our list.And then there was Chef Andre Rochat's namesake restaurant whose menu has not one but two foie gras dishes. Pardon my inexperienced palette, this would only count as my second try of this now California-banned delicacy. As my cousin and I's first go was a seared foie gras with apple (this in a SF neighborhood French restaurant prior to the ban), we opted for the Andre's chilled interpretation of how this slice of fat must be served.Drum roll please.Before the appetizers of escargot and foie gras arrived, we were given something with caviar and some bread. That bread was fantastic.On to the Foie Gras: I liked it, but we couldn't finish it, and we were two sharing one order. Lesson learned, our inexperienced palettes might have been happier with the pan-seared version than the pate we had. Nothing against the dish itself but just a matter of preference when consuming this kind of fat. The pate foie gras went well with the raspberry paste.As for the escargot, my cousin thought it was too garlicky, I thought it was fine. Oil was good for dipping bread and I think I made myself full from doing that.Main course. My cousin had the stuffed duck while I ordered the ribeye, medium rare. It was perfect. I didn't care for the stinky cheese they put a small amount of on top, but that's just me. Other than that, I was in meat heaven. Too bad we were in a rush to see Jabbawockeez so we had little time to enjoy the entire meal. I hope we didn't seem impolite by asking them to fire everything asap. The ribeye steak was awesome, don't get me wrong, but for the time crunch of eating, maybe I should have ordered the lobster which is easier to scarf down while trying to be all ladylike and poised.And the other regret is not being able to order their souffle of the day. Le Sigh!The disappointing thing about the whole Andre Rochat experience was the ambience of the place. It seemed dead and lackluster. But tell you what? The service more than made up for it. Firstly, we had reservations for 7:45PM but were running late. I called them at 7:40PM and asked if they could hold it for 10 minutes. They were very accommodating. Secondly, they didn't give us attitude for being asked to take our pictures (some restaurant staff are like that but not here!) And when they checked up on us it wasn't too frequent (I hate it when they're overly attentive - I want my fine dining meals relaxing and I don't want to feel like they just won't leave you alone) which is wonderful.**On the Restaurant Week Menu only**It was the last day of the Las Vegas Restaurant week but the event prix fixe menu didn't seem to be proportionate to the restaurant's current tasting menu so I didn't do that. You don't get to choose your appetizer or soup, you only get three choices for the main entree. I know there is a gap between how much they cost, but isn't that part of the restaurant week challenge to showcase what the restaurant has to offer at a more enticing price? I said nay to the one chicken, two fish trio offered as main courses, aside from not having an option for the appetizers.
3	Very good food but the service is not up to par. The service is bit too pretentious and confused. They poured tap water in our mineral water glass and forgot our reorder of mineral water. The average wine bottle is very expensive but I did find a great bottle of French WIne for $45. The average check for a 3 course meal is around $100 per person plus wine and service. This includes the marvellous souffle for dessert.
1	My Sister-in-law got married and as we were staying in the Monte Carlo I suggested having a small reception dinner at Andre's because the concierge at the hotel said it was excellent.  We were a party of 6 and were having a very nice time until the staff pulled a real dirty fast one on me.  I swear if it hadn't been for this one greedy move I would be writing an excellent review right now.  A couple that were sitting behind us at another table offered to buy our table a bottle of champagne and we ordered a bottle of Veuve Clicquot.  We thanked them for such a nice gesture and went on with our meal.  When I got the bill I noticed that I was being charged for the Veuve Clicquot and when I questioned it I was handed a cheap bottle of Andre's Champagne and told that this was what the other patron had bought us and that the Veuve Clicquot was not the bottle that he had bought so I had to pay for it!  So my question to the waiter was then why was the Veuve Clicquot poured to me and my guests and not the Andre crap?  Why wasn't I told? I ordered the Veuve Clicquot right in front of the man who was buying the Champagne and he smiled and nodded and said "enjoy!" The lie that the waiter was telling me was one of the dirtiest things that has ever happened to me in any restaurant ever in my life.  I couldn't believe it.  I asked to see the manager and he somehow was not available.  So I held my anger, paid the bill took my "crap" bottle of Andre Champagne and left.  Did I look like an idiot tourist?  They sure treated me like one.  So for the rest of my life I will trash this lousy restaurant instead of praising it.
3	Romantic and intimate dining experience.  We dined around 8:30 on Saturday evening of Restaurant Week.  When I booked the reservation earlier in the day I had requested a cozy booth, which they explained they were busy, but would make an effort to accommodate if possible.  Upon arrival, there were about 5 other tables dining.  They showed us to our lovely round shaped booth reminiscent of something you would see in a romantic film.As soon as our water was poured we were treated with an amuse bouche of creme caviar, which means "amusement for the mouth" in French.  The amuse bouche is a small bite before the meal begins in which the chef welcomes you to his cooking style and gives you a hint for what lies ahead.  My palate was dancing with the intensity of flavors from a single bite sized morsel.  As the flavor swirled about my palate I knew that I was in for a real treat as I watched the wait staff serve other diners from a wheeled cart, in which each dish was covered with fancy silver cloches. Does it make me a total dorko for feeling giddy and thinking "neato"?Since this was my first time dining at Andre's I did a little homework prior to our arrival, and discovered that the most popular dish among the restaurant staff is the Pan seared foie gras with poached apples & creme anglaise.  It's been years since I've had foie gras.  This dish was without a doubt the single best thing that slide onto my fork that night, maybe even in the past year.  The foie gras was so rich, buttery, and melty on my tongue, in fact I would describe the flavor of what you might expect if butter was a meat.  The creme sauce was so delicious that had I not been in a fine dining establishment, I would have licked the plate clean!We were now ready to start with the 4 course restaurant week menu, which we opted to add the additional wine pairing package.  First course consisted of a roasted corn soup with warm crab, garlic chips & chive oil paired with a Reisling.  Delish for me, but they didn't have an alternative dish set up for people who are allergic to shellfish, such as poor Dave.  Second course was a butter lettuce salad with a (small) crispy duck confit, toasted almonds in a cherry vinaigrette paired with an old world style Chardonnay.  It was tasty, but mostly lettuce and little else.Third course was a choice of: 1) Grilled rib eye cap with potato cake, broccolini in a horseradish beef jus 2) Pan seared chicken breast with panzanella & balsamic chicken jus 3) Seared Scottish salmon on a  heirloom tomato with spinach gnocchi in a truffle beurre blanc sauceHe selected the real winner here with the grilled rib eye cap.  What a wonderful, perfectly cooked, succulent piece of meat.  Being on a mission to find the best salmon buerre blanc since I first tried the mind-blowing dish at Morel's (during the Spring 2012 Restaurant Week) led me to order the salmon, which did not compare to Morel's at all.  First of all this course was paired with a heavy GSM red wine regardless of which dish was selected.  The wine completely overpowered the fish.  I asked if I could have something else, which they said they're not supposed to do, but would try.  They asked if there was one of the previous wine pairings that I would like to revisit.  I asked for the Chardonnay, however was served the Reisling, then the server disappeared and did not come back to check on us.  Secondly, the salmon was overcooked and a little dry.  Third, the spinach gnocchi was also overcooked and a downright odd pairing with the salmon.   Thumbs up for Dave's tender grilled rib eye cap, but not so much for my salmon dish.Fourth course was a rich flourless chocolate cake with coconut lime sauce and dried bananas along the side.  Explosively rich and delectable, which we ended up taking home in a to-go box.The other real shocker was the loud club-like music playing just outside the restaurant in the casino.  There was a runway where dancers were performing for the surrounding poker tables, in which the music was blasting.  Every time the door to the dining room opened and closed, the loud music blasted into the small area that was otherwise filled with soft, romantic music.  The casino might consider relocating the dance runway to another location further away from an intimate, not to mention expensive restaurant.
5	Had a travelzoo coupon and would have never known a thing about this place if not for this offer. We enjoyed everything and including the service we received. Alfredo Meza was very knowledgeable with his wines. We highly reccomend trying this exquisite french restaurant and be sure to try the bison carpacio appetizer, so yummy.
3	If you can get beyond the price, Andre's is a very nice high-end restaurant. But if you factor in price, I was disappointed in Andre's. It did offer a tasting flight of cognac that my wife wanted. It also gave her a very good plate of scallops. I had the salmon which wasn't bad but I've actually made better myself at home. It was completely underwhelming. The wait staff was attentive but a little pushy. For the price, I'd have been happier going elsewhere.I will likely be back because my wife enjoyed the experience and I don't mind spending a little extra when in Vegas. But I will order something other than the salmon.
4	Good food but not deserving a five star. Lacking good Atmosphere and better service. I had dinner last Saturday and I would say it is not a repeat
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. We always order the chefs tasting menu. It's expensive, but worth it since it's not a spot you eat at every night. High class decor and fine dining.Lobster bisqueFois gras appetizerTuna sashimiRib eyeRack of lambCodAll soo good and melt in your mouth.Each dish comes out on a silver platter and the servers synchronize when they put napkins on your lap. Dessert is always a delight because they roll out a tray of petit fours.Super fancy, expensive and delicious.
5	Fantastic dining experience!!! Formal dining with a lot of frills. Food was amazing!!! Each dish was cooked to perfection. We ordered pan seared foie gras. It was to die for!!! Slightly cripsy on the outside. Soft, melt in your mouth on the inside. The rich duck taste lingers on your palate after you have finished your bite. There was a dish that wad referred to as sweet bread. Also very very delicious!  They give you a small bite of sorbet to cleans your palate in between the courses. Lobster was the best I have ever had. Scallops were perfect. Steak wad a soft juicy medium.  Venison was also perfect. We ordered the rocky road souffle which was also very tasty, but I rave the most about the foie gras. The entire dining experience was superb! My life is complete now that I have experienced French fine dining. :P  Well worth the four $$$$.
4	Good food, great service. My only complaint is they added a charitable donation to our check without us noticing.....didn't like this.
3	Blah, I don't see what the hype is about this restaurant.  The food is tasty, and the service is adequate, but falls well short of the quality you expect from a Michelin Star quality restaurant.  Comparing Andre's to Restaurant Guy Savoy, it simply does not measure up.  If you are in Vegas, take a pass on Andre's and just go to Restaurant Guy Savoy.  Order the Guy Savoy Signature and have an awesome dining experience.  You are spending an incredible amount of money, so you should get an experience that matches the price.
1	First, this isn't about the food. I made my reservation for this restaurant about a month before on their website. An hour before the reservation I decided to call them just to confirm the reservation and they don't have it! They said the restaurant has a private party. I was so bummed out. If they had a private party they should have called to let me know or blocked reservations from coming through on their site. I expressed my discontent on the phone but they didn't seem to care.
3	I'm a foodie, and I've been to many of the high-end restaurants in Vegas, especially the Michelin-rated ones. I was eager to try Andre's after reading the reviews, but it just wasn't all I hoped it would be.The service was good. The server was friendly. However, when I told him I didn't like my cocktail, he said "well, now you know you don't like it for next time."  He could have at least pretended that he cared.  Btw, it was the foie gras martini, which I thought I would love since I love foie gras, but like many items in this restaurant, it was too sweet.  The accompaniments they bring with the martini are fun though (caramelized pears, berries, banana ice cream). I ordered the lobster bisque, the seared foie gras, the scallops, and the rack of lamb. The lobster bisque was pretty good but I could have done without the corn infusion. The seared foie was cooked perfectly, but I agree with another reviewer that it was overpowered by the sweet sauce drenched on the plate. The scallops were very good and cooked perfectly. Probably one of my highlights. The lamb was also cooked very well, but again I didn't like the particular sauce they used, so I had to move the lamb onto another plate.  I probably seemed very "high-maintenance" to the server, but I never ever have a complaint or accommodation at the other Michelins I've been to b/c things are usually prepared to perfection. Here, not as much. However, if you like your dishes sweet, this might be the place for you.All in all, the food was decent, but not as good as many of the other places I've enjoyed in Vegas. I would recommend Picasso or Le Cirque or L'Atelier or Joel Robuchon over Andre's.
5	Love Scotch? Love cigars? Andre's is the place to be!!!! Amazing ambiance. Casual dress is fine for the cigar lounge area. They have a fantastic line up of scotch and whiskey choices for connoisseur. Try the Ardbeg Supernova... if it is on shelf long enough...
2	I decided to spend New Year Eve in Andre based on Yelp 4 star reviews even though some people did complain it's salty on fish or certain foods.After trying their New Year Eve tasting menu, it's very disappointing.None of the dishes made a lasting impression and the biggest problem was some of the dishes were way too salty.The main course was roasted chicken filled with foie gras.  The sauce is way over salted that you can't taste foie gras or anything else inside.  Same goes for sweet pea soup with king crab.  The salt killed most flavors in the food.It was $185 tasting menu dinner with wine and tips, $250.  Sad to say, this place is no where comparing to French Landry, and even for local popular French places in San Francisco bay area, I can have much better French food much lower price.  I certainly will not go back there again.
3	small and elegant restaurantgood servicekumamoto oysters with osetra caviar (gave me 9 instead of 6, that was great!)seared foie gras with carmelized apple and fresh sliced apples on creme anglaise had a bit too many sweet elements.bison carpaccio was just ok wrapped around watercrest and had a aioli...nicholas freuitte champagne.tolikaj wine matched well with foieoverall good experience by myself.  the presentation was not as "fancy" as I thought it would be.
5	Classic Vegas restaurant. Completely redone interior, don't miss this one! Foie gras is perfection with sweet pears.
5	This is by far the best kept secret in Vegas. Hidden in a nook of Monte Carlo, is a traditional french restaurant that will delight your taste-buds and leave you craving the next course. Their wine selection is hard to compete with and the french onion soup and souffles are by far the best I have ever had. Arrive a little early to enjoy the upstairs cigar lounge and a glass of hand selected Cabernet while you lounge by the fire.
3	Good, absolutely decent and delicious, but not blow your mind amazing - at least not considering its international ratings and prices (which are completely acceptable if the meals met those standards, which in my opinion they do not).  Mind you we were there for valentines day and they had a pre-set menu, and it was okay. Nothing was bad but nothing was remotely exceptional. It was good... Not great. Service was good, food was good, ambiance was actually great. One major negative for us was the lack of dress code enforcement... This is a huge pet-peeve of mine, but why have a dress code if you're not going to enforce it. There were literally people in jeans and t-shirts there. So disappointing. But I realize the slumming down of the country appears to apply everywhere and this is my own issue. I did not let this affect my rating. Like I said a solid "good" experience!
4	Don't go as a group earlier than 7:30.  We arrived at 6:45 as a group of three, and it was awkwardly hushed and romantic.  However, if that's the scene you're looking for, it was lovely.  I think that maybe it's better for couples than groups.  The decor and styling can't be faulted.  We had two foodies and one non-foodie/food-fearful person in our group.  Andre's was a great way to introduce him to fine French food.  The courses were nicely paced.  Normally, we only order one course at a time, to prevent the kitchen from turning dishes out too quickly.  Our server at Andre's politely asked if we could order all courses at the start of the meal to help the kitchen prep, and then just inform him when we would like them fired.  The iPad wine list was interesting, but not working great when we used it.  However, it really broke up the wines nicely to help with the selection process.  Our apps included Cesar salad (don't judge...), escargot, and fois two ways.  Treatment of the fois was very nice, though I found the fruit compote a bit too cloyingly sweet and would have liked a bit more acid to liven up the richness of the seared fois.  The escargots were very nice.  Entrees included the hoisin duck, venison rack, and lobster thermidor.  My husband loved the lobster, but again, I thought it was just rich without a lot of complexity.  He voiciferously disagrees.  Our non-foodie friend was really impressed with the hoisin duck.  We all split the nutella souffle for dessert, and I loved that it wasn't too sweet.Overall, I was very impressed with the quality of the meal.  It was elegant and very professionally served.  I would absolutely go back.  If I were to go as a group, I would probably make a later reservation.  I think I would also be very likely to sit at the bar right outside so that I could people-watch while enjoying the full menu.
4	This review is for the Cigar Lounge and Whisk'y Wednesdays event...not the restaurant itself!First of all, this place is small...surprisingly small.  Downstairs is a bar...a single stool style bar...that's it.  You go upstairs, and the dining area is to the left.  It looked like there was about 4 tables that seat about 8 people each...that's it!  Even the bathroom is TINY, with the door pretty much hitting the guy if he is washing his hands, and almost the other guy at the single urinal...you kind of see where I am going with this lol.But the cigar lounge is actually a good size, and the bar within it is very very impressive.  I came here for the WW, which included a tasting of 5 different types of Whiskey.  The whiskey themselves were not very memorable for my palate, but I was glad to have tried them!However, what was memorable was the great conversation and intimate setting!  Everyone, from the servers, the bar staff, and my table's company were all great.  This was a very relaxed setting, and I had a wonderful time here.  The servers were also knowledgeable of their product, and answered any questions we had and talked about other drinks as well!I just received an email with them saying that Whisk'y Wednesdays will be EVERY week now!  I can't say that I will be here every week, but when I run into a selection that I am curious about, you CAN'T beat the value and setting here!  Essentially AYCD for a nominal $25!  Top notch!
4	Everyone knows once you decide to like something and if asked "would u eat it again" and the answer is yes than you know this is the PLACE to come back too. They got us start with the Bread with three different butters, by the time our drinks made it to the table, it was time for refill. I don't remember even chowing the bread. just simply amazing w/ their butters Yum! Our main dishes were poussin AKA chicken (wife), and the seared scallops (me) after finishing it honestly from the bottom of my heart and full stomach i wanted to ask for another one! But i knew I would over do it. So i surrendered. Overall, amazing taste, good food, great services and one awesome BILL YEAH bout that its a little out of your average budget. Can't wait to come back again.
2	My hubby and I decided to celebrate our wedding anniversary at Andre's after reading a great amount of rave reviews about this restaurant. What also had us interested was the fact that this restaurant received the AAA 4 Diamond award, had been recognized by the Michelin Guide with one star rating, and is nominated as Las Vegas' "Most Romantic Restaurant"; perfect way to celebrate your wedding anniversary? We thought it would be. Guess we thought wrong. Maybe the problem was that we used a Travel Zoo offer? We honestly didn't think using a Travel Zoo offer would have caused such a bad experience as these offers are solicited to Travel Zoo by the vendors on there and not the other way around. So in that retrospect, we didn't think that by showing up and using a Travel Zoo voucher, we would be treated as if we had the plague.  Our suggestion to Andre's is that if you don't want your customers using a Travel Zoo voucher, please stop asking Travel Zoo to post them...problem solved.  We by no means, have any complaints about the taste of the food, rather we are disappointed in the way they were presented to us.  When you are first seated, they will give you the "Special" Travel Zoo menu for you to choose off of. Initially, that didn't seem like a problem until later when our food started to arrive. More on that later. So my hubby ordered the french onion soup with Swiss emmental and Gruyere au gratin to start and I had the lobster and corn bisque with sweet corn cake.  The taste of both were good, not awesomely mind blowing, but good. The lobster bisque could have incorporated more bits of lobster in it as it lacked in flavor. But other than that, both soups were seasoned well and arrived hot.  This is where we started to notice that we were "different".  When looking over at the table across from us, my hubby noticed that unlike myself, their lobster bisque was poured into their soup bowl table side by our waiter.  They all ordered from the tasting menu as well so it was kind of awkward that we had not received the same service. We shrugged it off and awaited our next course to arrive. Aside from our set Travel Zoo menu, we decided to order the pan-seared duck foie gras. The foie gras was smooth, delicate, and full of flavor. The poached pears that accompanied it, complimented well and the mixture of sweet and savory danced harmoniously in our mouths. Each bite was heavenly and to die for. The foie gras was the highlight of our meal. Encouraged by this,  we looked forward to our next course. But to our disappointment, yet another issue arises and replaced all of the divine flavors we just had in our mouths with a bitter taste. For some reason, we were not offered the palate cleanser (pineapple sorbet) before our next course, unlike the table across from us. At this point, we really started to get irritated with the discriminative service we were receiving from our waiter. So on to the second course.  My hubby ordered the Hoisin-glazed duck breast with butternut squash semolina, almonds, currants and duck leg cannelloni and I ate the Scottish salmon with saffron and shellfish emulsion and lobster ravioli.  Both entrees were delicious and we thoroughly enjoyed them.  For dessert we ordered the chocolate souffle and banana ice cream profiteroles with warm chocolate sauce. We enjoyed them both but liked the chocolate souffle over the profiteroles as the banana ice cream tasted more of vanilla than banana's. The chocolate souffle arrived in perfect form and was very delicious. The service at Andre's, if using a Travel Zoo voucher (it seemed) is one to be less desired of.  They do a good job of reminding you, that you are a lesser paying customer from the others. From the time you check in with the hostess, she asks you to present to her your Travel Zoo voucher. Then when seated, your waiter just rubs that in as well. We noticed that the other table that were being serviced by our waiter was get exceptional service while he left us out in the dark and only came by when he needed to. Our server assistants on the other hand, did a tremendous job and we were impressed and thankful for their service. They treated us well and made us feel the way a customer should feel.  Our waiter brought a complimentary medley of truffles for our anniversary and basically just dropped it off. No anniversary well wishes or anything.  However, our server assistant noticed the truffles and congratulated us along with making some small chat as well. We thought he deserved to be a waiter over ours. As a side note, we did not complain or do anything to deserve the service we did that night. We just smiled and acted cordially despite the short comings of the service. At no given time were we rude, thus, we expected to be treated the same way in return.  Will we ever return, probably not. We were planning to without a Travel Zoo offer, if this didn't happen.
2	Nothing fancy except the prices. My food was kind of gross too. Gf seemed to like it so I am giving this place an extra star otherwise they would have gotten a one.
5	We snacked at the bar and had a few drinks for happy hour. It was amazing and a great deal. I recommend the stuffed dates and the steak frites. The bartender was helpful and friendly. I would have never known about this gem if it were not for a random happy hour search, and now I definitely plan on returning and trying their full menu.
5	Chef Andre himself was sitting at the bar getting ready to go home when we walked in.  No joke, the man is Taking Care of Business personally at times.  We went on a Monday.  Normally closed, got lucky that it was open for private event.  Ate at the bar downstairs for 5-6-7 happy hour + appetizers + desert + cognac.  Was out of the this world.  Seared foie gras is to die for.  Highly recommended, we will be returning.
4	Service was fantastic. As compliments of the chef, you get a little duck and foie gras to start. Don't be afraid to try it!  It's delicious. We ordered the caesar salad to start which was incredible! For the entrees, we had the potato crusted sea bass and the scallops. the seas bass didn't have much flavor but the black truffle noodles served on the side helped. The scallops were incredible! A little overpriced but we felt like spoiling ourselves. :)
5	I have been to Alize at the Palms many times. Now for Andres- Andre is a great chef who surrounds himself with a lot of talent. At Andres, the chef is Chris Bulen. The wife and I were blown away by the fine food and exceptional service. The Scampi Andre is delicious/ if licking the plate were socially acceptable.... The lamb was great as well- I, being a difficult guest ordered Medium Rare Plus and it came out perfect, as my server told me that chef Chris personally did it to make sure it was perfect. He even came out to check if it was ok. We felt like VIPs and definitely recommend Andres for a special occasion!
3	Nice cigar lounge.  Very good selections of spirits.  And cigar selection is small and pricey.   Nice quiet place to relax.
5	The service was superb.  The decor is tres chic!  I love that there is this elegant, not HUGE (like everything else in Vegas) but perfectly quaint high quality restaurant in the middle of a Casino/Hotel!  Our waiters were amazing - the provided us with extra attention - we never wanted or needed for anything - and the truffles they provide at the end of the dinner were AMAZING! Also - look for the Travelzoo - that is how we did it - sooooooooo worth it.  The chocolate soufle'e is the bomb!
4	Great ambience and service except some food quality, malheureusement!I ordered French onion soup and duck for my entree. My friend ordered Ceaser salad and  sea bass. My duck was really great but the few slides of sausage that came with it was salty. My friend's sea bass was very fishy and he was able to smell it when they brought it over. I was surprised for the food quality for a restaurant awarded Michelin 1 star. Since we were invited by another friend, We were not inclined to give any negative comment in front of our host. We later went to the cigar lounge which was very lovely. Overall, ok experience but will not go back if it's on my dime.
5	Quiet, charming, (surprisingly) casual, and very delicious.I took my girlfriend here on a Saturday night for dinner before our show. The pan-seared foie gras is as excellent as what the other reviewers have said; the Colorado lamb is the best that both my girlfriend and I have ever had; and the Maine lobster thermidor is an inspiration.According to our server, Andre has been making two signature dishes for over 33 years: the lobster, and the sole. Being a big lobster fan I had to go for it. It's lobster meat taken from the lobster, cooked in a cognac sauce with mushroom, and placed back onto the lobster tail for serving. Obviously, I found it extremely delicious, but I was also very pleased with the portion as there was a LOT of it.The lamb wasn't as inventive but also very impressive in taste. It was cooked just perfectly and arrived with two different sauces, both delectable. They really complemented the meat and made it fun to eat.Our server was very helpful and attentive. He learned early on that we were running short on time and had just an hour before our show. He let the chef know, and at the end of the meal helped us get out quickly. I was a little sorry to have to do this because you go to a quiet and elegant place like Andre's to enjoy the ambiance along with the food. I normally would stay to chat and just take advantage of the setting, but it wasn't possible this time. But I know for sure Andre's left us wanting to try more, like the souffle or the sole. We'll be back, and next time, we'll stay in our booth a little longer.
5	I really loved this "tucked away" very private, delicious restaurant. The service was exceptional and the food, well, over the top. It's my new favorite.
4	Food and service were wonderful, and the tomato salad and rack of lamb (which I ordered rare) magnificent.  Only complaint was the steady thump-thump of the music (if you can call it that) which sounded like a grim heartbeat - the most depressing sound I've ever heard as background to a fine French dinner.
4	For this month, they are running an all day happy hour in the bar and in the cigar lounge. The special is 5-6-7 in respects to $5 beers, $6 specialty cocktails, and $7 small plates. Their cocktails are good. Most of them are light and refreshing for the summer. It is a deal compared to the regular $14. I had the Moscow Mule and the And A Twist. The former was my favorite. The latter had too much residual sweetness to it. Both are light and scream quintessential summer drinks. I only ordered the sliders while we wait for the rest of our party. They were much better than I had expected. Two mini burgers topped with caramelized onions and blue cheese on a a buttered brioche bun with a side of fries run $8 right now. They were the perfect bar snack.
3	Andre's is old-school elegance.  The food is 5+ stars, but at a fine-dining (translation: expensive) establishment you are paying for the entire experience: I had a couple issues with our evening.1) We were seated at a table right next to the kitchen door.  There was a CONSTANT flow of traffic in/out of the kitchen: that was VERY distracting and REALLY disrupted the meal.  If we were at Denny's... no big deal, but this place had a Michelin star.  They should just remove that particular table and that problem would be solved.  2) We did the 7 course tasting with wine pairings.  While the food was worthy of their Michelin star, the wine pairings were TERRIBLE!!!  We never saw a sommelier and I got the distinct impression that they were just trying to get rid of their already opened bottles of wine.  Additionally, the wines were of low quality and most of the pairings made absolutely no sense.  A fine-dining restaurant can't afford to let a poor wine program ruin the experience for its customers.  Andre's is something of a forgotten gem.  If they would pay a bit more attention to details, I have no doubt they can regain their glory.  But unfortunately, you only get 1 chance to make a first impression and I'm not sure that I will be going back any time soon.
4	I would say this was more of a 3.75 experience, but we must round up to 4 stars. My friend and I dined at Andre's at 5:30 PM with a TravelZoo coupon for $99 which gets two people two pre-fixe three course meals with two cocktails. Yes, that is an amazing deal, so basically $50 per person (with gratuity included). Andre's gets two-thumbs up for the deal in the first place, and even more thumbs up for quickly providing the pre-fixe menu selections to us and delivering our complimentary cocktails amazingly quick as soon as we sat down.Andre's is a fascinating dining experience, with a quiet, dark, yet very refined dining room. The servers are quick to please and you can tell they enjoy the food, explaining it, presenting it, and even, in a flourish, taking it off your table when you are done. I absolutely adore the gold dome covers for some of the dishes that come out. I also truly admire their plating and the colors of the plates/style which reminded my friend and I of Tiffany's.  Appetizer - Foie Gras with fig/apple reduction. A medley of savory and sweet, cooked perfectly, with a slight, crisp exterior, and a melt-in-your-mouth, buttery interior. Presentation could use some refinement, but overall pleased with the dish. (BTW - this was not on the Pre-Fixe Menu)Pre-Fixe Starter: French Onion Soup - Ee gads, the soup was inedible. I tried to eat some, but could not. The top was charred too much. It must have sat under the broiler to melt the cheese for too long. One of my croutons simply looked like a black coal, I kid you not. Entree - Rib eye, with potato cake and broccolini. I have never been a fan of broccolini. I would much rather have plain old broccoli, mostly because it's just easier to eat. However, it was well cooked and had a bite to it, so at least it was not flaccid and inedible. The potato cake tasted like hash browns, but in a square cake form. The rib eye was tender, ordered medium, and honestly very good. Although I recently had a more expensive rib eye that has kind of ruined a lot of meat for my in general. None the less this one was the best part of my entree.Dessert - Creme brulee with seasonal fruit. Presentation was perfect, but the bowl was too shallow! Ahem, I mean, I can always use more creme brulee! Although the portion was small, it was still a creamy creme brulee, with only the slightest crackle to the top, which I prefer over a harder char on my dessert.Overall Andre's is kind of a diamond in the rough of Monte Carlo. It should definitely be on any fine-dining "must do" list though. I would certainly return, especially since they appear to feature seasonal tasting menus and happy hours.
2	Attended a bachelorette dinner party at Andre's. We had a large group so we were seated in the dining room upstairs. At first I thought it was a really cool concept to have a private room for us. The decor was nice with the chandeliers and blue walls. Alas, the private dining salon was not so private because shortly after we were seated, a loud chattering group occupied a table behind us. The food was just OK. There was nothing spectacular about the lobster bisque. Immediately regretted this ordering decision and I wished I got the escargot instead. For my main course, under a section called "Andre's Classics", I ordered the pan seared duck breast with duck sausage. I couldn't even find the duck flavor and  this dish might as well have been chicken for all I care. The sausage was the most flavorful thing on the plate but was a bit  too salty. I had great expectations for this dish since it's a $44 price tag for duck. Seriously. Tried a bit of the chocolate souffle and it was the best thing I had all night.I would describe the service as sketchy. Their ipad for the drink orders was broken but no one could supply an alternative menu. Early in the meal, the waiter hovers over the table with truffle in his hand and asking if you would like some shavings in your soup or dish. Hmm, kinda like when they ask if you want some pepper. I had to ask if they charge for this (I know that truffle is pricey) and looking like he got caught red-handed, he says it's $8 a gram. Most people would not think to ask this question so they would have been surprised by the extra charges after their meal. I probably wouldn't care as much if I was there for date night but I'm paying for myself, dammit. And we also noticed price discrepancy on how much the dishes cost on the final bill. Had to ask the waiter to bring the menu back and yes, they up-charged our group for some of the dishes. I really don't mind splurging on a nice meal and great service but Andre's was lacking.
5	Andre's is the epitome of fine French dining.  Located in a quiet corner of the Monte Carlo, it is unassuming from the outside.  However, this restaurant is a Michelin-starred gem of a find in Las Vegas.  The atmosphere is simple and elegant: no unnecessary decor and some lovely chandeliers serving as the only decorative attraction in the room.  Voices were hushed to a comforting hum, and there was a shared intimacy unique to this place.As other Yelpers have done a thorough job posting photographs of various courses, I'll just give a written description.  We were complimented an amuse bouche of a chorizo and mustard green croquette, served with creme freche, before our appetizer of pan-seared foie gras arrived.  The croquette was a nice surprise, being surprisingly light and airy, despite the rich and heavy reputation of chorizo.  However, the foie gras was astonishing in its complexity and quality.  One of our servers mentioned it was one of the chef's signature dishes, and joked that often the quality of a French restaurant is measured on the foie gras alone.  There were hints of smoke and cinnamon, in addition to a mild nutty flavor that persists even after your sip of wine.  I've had foie gras only about 6 or 7 times in my life, usually at French bistros, but this one is the clear winner.  You may prefer escargot instead, but it would be a pity to pass on this specialty of the chef.The second course was lobster bisque, and it was fine.  High quality ingredients speak for themselves, and there were no additional twists on this classic bisque: creme, tomato, lobster, and maybe a touch of saffron.  It serves its purpose: it's seductive and comforting as you eat it, and then you promptly refocus on your wine and the next course.The entree for me consisted of seared duck breast served over a duck confit, alongside a yam gnocchi.  I'd had a bad experience with a duck breast entree not long ago at the Signature Room, atop the Hancock Building in Chicago, so it was with significant trepidation that I chose this dish again.  However, the duck breast was perfect: tender as a filet mignon and spiced just perfectly.  While I'm not a fan of sweet pastas, the gnocchi worked surprisingly well, but the confit was a bit too salty for me.  My fiancee had the ribeye cap medium, served with broccolini and mashed potatoes, and she adored the beef.  She was less enthusiastic about the vegetables, but I tried her ribeye and it was magnificent.We finished the meal with creme brulee and chocolate souffle, which were both an excellent finish to the meal.  The magnitude of our fullness struck us only as we put down the dessert forks for a final time, and we looked pensively at each other once four complimentary truffles arrived at our table.   I managed to consume two before formally submitting, and the other two were smuggled out for later.This bistro is superb.  It seems Chef Andre's philosophy is to provide a classical French dining experience, with just a few deviations in the recipes of non-crucial dishes.  There is a remarkable balance between complexity and subtlety: it was almost as if we'd alternate between courses that required attention and focus on flavors, to courses that required only basic awareness.  The result is a challenging and wonderful meal that does not carry a risk of 'taste fatigue.'  I would whole-heartedly recommend this restaurant.  Bon appetit!
5	Although this is a review from two years past, we have been back recently, and this restaurant is no less an amazing dining experience. Andre's is certainly an event and experience, one that if fortunate enough to go, you likely will not regret.I simply cannot express how utterly wonderful the restaurant was. I had not been to Andre's for several years, and it was the original location at that. In Las Vegas, it is quite easy to find good restaurants, and with the whole plethora of new dining options created almost over night, sometimes you forget the originals. Let me tell you, this is an original, and not only a good restaurant, but a great one! Everything from the service the moment you walk up, to the seating, and the remarkable attentiveness of the Staff, it was bar none exceptional. David, our host, was perfectly understated and executed. Ross, our waiter, knows how to work a room, and make it look effortless, his assistants were on top of the game. This was a day after Valentine's, a day when it would real easy to drop the ball, and go easy. Not these people! They made every aspect of our experience as close to perfect as possible. Our appetizer and entree's were prepared with careful thoughtfulness, you could tell. Again, if you have dined at some of the newer places, you know when someone is preparing your meal as a job, and one who does so with a passion. Andre's falls in the later, passionate and thoughtful. Oh, and the souffle' was amazing. Anyplace that asks you to order before dinner, you know they want to get it right, and this place does.I have been to ALOT of restaurants here, and Andre's is just in a level that is very exclusive. You can find some hipper, trendier places, certainly, but there are reasons those places get "good" from me, and reasons Andre's is simply "Great"
5	Still love this place. On a Thursday night the place was packed! The Roquefort stuffed olives were still fantastic. I really like the way they serve martinis...
2	My wife and I ate dinner here on a Saturday night. I do not understand why Vegas "high end" restaurants post dress codes and do not enforce them. The overall experience was a little disappointing and forgettable. There must have been 4 different people waiting on us, never did figure out who "our" server was. Lighting was so low it was hard to see the food, which was probably because they undercooked both of our steaks by quite a but. The bar prices (for Scotch and Cognac) are extremely high compared to other high end bars. Two stars because at these prices everything should be perfect. The Circus Circus steak house is much better quality wise and a bit cheaper, Hugo's Cellar is little better quality wise but about 1/2 the price.
3	I have had the opportunity to dine at Andre's twice in a few years and both occasions it deserved three stars. Today's event was no different. It started of with a lecture by the waiting staff that our TravelZoo coupons were not intended for our entire group, however, eventually it was all squared out and the waitress lightened up towards the end when she realized were a fun loving bunch. If I am not mistaken the place used to have or still has a Michelin star. In any case it definitely does not deserve one. I wouldn't say the food is bad but it's far from being singled out as a top standard. Let's face it the place is dated. Walls with ripped wallpaper, a sommelier who forgot who ordered the wine, and poorly timed service to name a few examples. I enjoyed the beef carpaccio even though the portion was on the small side. The lobster bisque was a bit on the fishy side and was not poured in front of you, something I always enjoy at a good place. The creme brulee was nicely done and excessively sweet and came with some fresh berries. I guess if this was a advertised as just a regular place I would give it four stars, but the hype around brought on some disappointment.
4	We arrived about 45 minutes prior to our reservation and decided to check out the cigar lounge.  I had a snifter of Courvoisier and a "Hemingway Short Story" cigar.  As advertised, the air filtration system kept the smoke clear while we had our drinks.A group of 4, we all chose the 5 course tasting menu with wine pairing.  The food and wine were excellent and the staff was friendly and accommodating.  It was a 5 star experience, but I'm only giving the restaurant 4 stars because I can't really pick out a single course to write about - all great courses, but nothing really blew me away.
5	In a word, Amazing!Never have I had Lobster Bisque as wonderful as this.It was served in a giant saucer with 3 little red peppers stuffed with lobster meat. The Bisque was then poured out of a small metal pot.For the entree I had the center cut ribeye, medium. The char was perfect and the meat pink, served with a burgundy sauce. I had a side of buttered asparugus and potato puree.The meat was tender and delicious the sides cooked to perfection.I wish that I could have fit some dessert, as it was they gave me 4 little chocolate truffles.Do yourself a favor come to Andre's. The food and service are perfect.
3	My husband and I decided to give this restaurant a try while we are in Vegas with some friends. Hubby and I got a Travelzoo coupon while our friends ordered from regular menu. I would say all dishes were mediocre other than the foie gras which was pretty tasty. One disappointing visit especially it is rated as Michelin one star.
5	You know what's so crazy is that I have been disappointed by EVERY French meal I have had prior to Andre's and still came here because this was my proving factor. I have to make sure, I really hate French food.And I don't, Andre's. Because of you, I do not!High prices and small portions is pretty much how I would sum up all the French restaurants I have been in, so the quality of the food have much greater stakes than anything else I have ever eaten.It definitely feels a little pretentious, but I came in with my leggings and t-shirt (I'm on vacation dammit!) and was treated with as much respect as all the suits and dresses coming in through the door.First and foremost, Foie Gras. It is illegal in California (the real question should be, what isn't?), I completely believe that there are overindulgent poultry so don't hate me for loving its overindulgence. It was ordered in addition to our prix-fixe. It's heavy flavor was perfectly complimented by the cinnamon apple reduction drizzled expertly to build its flavors slowly. Perfect, melt in your mouth experience.Now, I can go on forever about how great our service was and how everything we had was delicious. Ridiculously delicious. And to top it off, I was full. I had to contemplate how to walk out of the place gracefully because I loved everything and almost licked the plates clean, so I was feeling like a tub. But, you really need to come and see this for yourself.There was, however, one thing I didn't particularly find captivating and it was the truffle emulsion seabass. The fish was on the bland side and the asparagus felt foreign the the dish.Andre's holds a well-deserved Michelin star.You need to go. Bon Appetit!
2	The service was superb! The food - freaking salty! First taste was really good, but towards the middle of the meal, felt like I was just eating salt. We had the Escargot - salty. I had the Lobster Bisque soup - salty.  My friend had the French Onion soup - super salty. Even the rib eye was salty. I'm glad we didn't pay the full price and used Travelzoo voucher, even with the voucher, I'm not sure I would come back. It really felt like we paid $200 for salt. Should have gone to dinner somewhere else. Disappointed...
5	Highly recommended! We actually had planned on just checking out the cigar lounge, but ended up eating dinner first in their restaurant. We were not disspointed. I had the potato crusted sea bass with a homemsde pasta in a truffle sauce, so delicious! My husband had their filet and lobster, which was do tender and melted in your mouth. The service is impeccable! They really go out of their way to make you feel comfortable and we'll taken care of. After dinner we went upstairs to the cigar lounge. The lounges ambiance is perfect! Relaxing, romantic, and intimate. The great service continued and it was such a perfect way to escape the craziness of Vegas and share a great cigar and cocktail. Definitely a must!
5	We were on vacation and ate here on Easter Sunday. We both had the lobster thermidor, wow! Excellent. The crab stuffed shrimp as app's were to die for. The desserts including the "candy bar" were out of this world. The servers were very attentive to every detail. Great Place to eat! Will return!
4	Special occasion dining experience without feeling pretentious.  Although Andre's has a recommended business casual dress code, some diners came in jeans and t-shirts. Tucked in back end of Monte Carlo Casino, the hostess leads you into an ornately decorated room behind two doors.  The service and food did not disappoint.  Each item was presented and revealed underneath a golden dome plate cover which added to the magical meal.  Voila...yummy potato crusted sea bass while my husband had the duck breast with lobster tail added.  The three course $99 pre-fix menu for two from Travelzoo was an excellent deal.
5	Amazing restaurant! Great good, ambience and service. I recommend everyone try it at least once, you will not be disappointed. Escargot is a must!
5	Came here with my wife and a Travel Zoo voucher.  We were very pleased with the experience. Ambiance: The place is small.  Probably 10 tables and very nicely decorated.  The doors to the place are also nicely sound proofed so you get an intimate experience even though your in a casino.  Service: Excellent.  Very friendly from the start.  Not over bearing but on top of drinks and just the right amount of time between courses to allow for a relaxed dining experience without making you feel like they forgot you.  Food: Really good.  Really Really Good.  With the Travel Zoo voucher it was $99 for 3 courses and a champagne drink for 2 people.  You don't get the full menu but rather what seems to be a designed travel zoo voucher, but the selection was still fantastic.  For appetizers, I had French Onion Soup...awesome.  My wife had lobster bisque, which was good...probably not as good as the French Onion but still very good.  Entress.  I had the Sea Bass which was awesome.  My wife had the risotto which was also awesome.  Between the two, I don't know which was better.  I would gladly eat both. Dessert. I had some sort of camelized banana and ice cream dessert which was good, not my favorite dessert, but i'm not a dessert guy.  My wife had the chocolate suflee (sp?) which was good and very rich.  In addition to the entrees we received an small appetizer from the chef that included a vegetable croquet and something else (can't remember).  Both of these were awesome.  We also received a small plate of different chocolates that were awesome.Drinks: We received 2 free champagne drinks with the Travel Zoo voucher which were fun.  Basically, champagne with some grenadine and a cherry. We then switched to a cucumber - gin cocktail, which was really really good.  I would love to have the recipe for this.  These were really good...the only downside is they seemed a little pricey, but the place is upscale so the prices were on par for cocktails at a 4-5 star restaurant. Overall, the place was great and I'd come back in a second...especially with the Travel Zoo voucher.  WIth the voucher it definitely gives you a top notch Vegas dining experience at a reasonable price.
5	Came here with my boyfriend for our 3 year anniversary and had a wonderful dinner! I had a coupon through Travelzoo for a 3 course dinner for 2 for $99. We had some add ons though: 2nd course and drinks. They even gave us some extras for our anniversary! Overall great dinner! Spent $300 including tip, drinks, and Travelzoo deal.
5	If you're looking for that special experience in Vegas, this is the place. They have the most amazing food paired with a fantastic wine list. The wait staff are as perfect as anyone could hope for and I wish I could eat there every night. They're in the Monte Carlo and they also have a bar area and a cigar lounge. I've utilized all three and have absolutely no complaints. I go every time I'm in Vegas. My only complaint is that I don't live close enough. Thank you Andre's for being you!  Also, do your research, sometimes travelzoo or yelp have coupons for some major discounts!
5	Deeelicious and fancy. Going to Andre's was a great way to start a short vacation in Vegas.The ambiance was very intimate and quiet, despite the fact that it is next to the casino at Monte Carlo. I was with my mom and we both had a nice time.Service: Friendly, respectful, nice!Starters:Bread: Crusty on the outside and soft and warm inside. Good sign.Watercress salad: Came with thin slices of beef, parmesan shavings, lemon aioli, mushrooms, and toasted bread. AMAZING. We did not know what to expect when we ordered this, and we liked the very cute presentation. But the flavor of all these ingredients threw us back. I never had something so fresh and delicate on a piece of toasted bread! I guess molecular gastronomy experts know what they are doing. This all worked so well and was very impressive.French onion soup: A big cup of very flavorful broth, caramelized onions, thick gooey cheese and bread. It was piping hot and so very good. I went with a soup I usually enjoy, and this did not disappoint.Entree:Steak: With broccolini and mashed potatoes. A deceptively simple dish. The steak was tender, the broccolini crunchy, and mashed potatoes were probably more butter than potato but I wasn't complaining. Everything was juicy and perfect.Duck: Came with pieces of gnocchi, root veggies, and duck medallions. The medallions and sauce were too salty for me, but everything else in this dish was good. The duck was so soft and tender! I usually don't like duck but this was quite nice and did not have an overpowering taste.Dessert:Lemonade cake: Again, molecular gastronomy wins. This was amazing. I do not know exactly what the components to this dessert include, but it was sweet and tart and light and yummy.. just heavenly. I recommend this dessert.Chocolate souffle: I went with the safe choice again-- something I knew. This was fluffy and not too sweet, very much chocolatey-- what more could I ask for?We used the TravelZoo coupon for this place and I was glad I did. Not my favorite place to eat in Vegas, but this place is definitely worth a try if you are looking for someplace quiet and comfy but sophisticated. I would come back.
5	Amazing!  Great service, the best food, seriously outstanding.  We went for my sister's birthday and they were so accommodating and awesome.  I couldn't possibly say enough great things about Andre's!
4	Ambience: 4Food: 4Service: 5Price: 4 (TZ voucher)Overall: 4.22Came here with a Travelzoo voucher.  $99 for a roughly $200 meal at a Michelin star restaurant so I thought I'd give it a try.  I had the french onion soup and the woman had the lobster bisque.  The onion soup was really good but the bisque was just okay.  I had the duck breast and the woman had the flat iron steak.  I thought both dishes were very good.  Ordered the foie gras add for an additional cost and it was just okay.  Overall, a good dining experience but I wouldn't pay full price.  Also, the restaurant was dead for an 8 pm Friday dinner.  Not particularly late for Vegas but still.  If I had to pay full price, Price score would be a 2.
5	We came here with the TravelZoo voucher, $99 for dinner for 2 in an upscale restaurant. We were taken through the bar area, through very heavy double doors to a smallish dinning room in the back. It was very cozy and quiet. You would not know you just walked through a busy casino to get here. We started with french onion soup and lobster bisque. The french onion soup was good but the bread on top was a bit too soggy for my taste. The lobster bisque was excellent. For my main course, I had the sea bass. It was cooked perfectly. Very flavorful and moist. My wife had the flat iron steak  Also cooked to perfection. The side of veggies and mashed potatoes were excellent. My dessert was the chocolate souffle. The waiter served by poking a hole in the top crust and pouring chocolate sauce in the center. Wow - that was good. The drinks that came with the voucher were a champagne and grenadine mixture. Not my favorite (no option when you come in with a voucher. Tip - don't get the drinks with the voucher, Save the $10 on the voucher and order the drink you really want). Overall, this was a first rate experience with truly outstanding service and ambiance. Highly recommended.
5	Such a classy place! My bf and I came here for dinner, but before our dinner reservations, he wanted to do some cognac tasting in their cigar lounge upstairs. We were led upstairs and were the only ones up there. Real intimate. We were able to take our time and relax up there and once we were done, we were led to our table in the dining area.. Beautiful ambiance. Nice comfy booths. Food was exquisite. Service was impeccable. Lovely dinner! :)
5	Living in Las Vegas and always being around food has taught me a thing or two about eating out. I was a patron of Andres downtown, loved the small feel and personal touch offered so the first time I went to Andres at the Monte Carlo I wasn't sure what to expect. Upon making your way through the casino you find yourself at the end to the left you see the sign for Andres with a hostess booth and a classy bar. Just past the hostess booth to your right is the entrance to the dining room, if you go straight ahead you see stairs. I turn right and the doors open to a small yet beautiful and intimate room, with no more than 15-20 tables. The food is most excellent and I have never been disappointed with any of the dishes. I try to mix it up and get something different every time. Upstairs, another bar, cigar lounge, more seating, and the restrooms. ;)
5	My bachelor party team and I went upstairs to the Cigar Lounge in the Monte Carlo. We were greeted professionally and politely. Treated like VIPs and were taken to the whiskey/cigar area. We had the room to ourselves, which was nice. The sommelier was a real professional. Very knowledgeable about what he was serving and was an excellent touch to the establishment. They are lucky to have him.  He suggested some excellent choices and gave us samples so that we can know what we were getting into before we made a selection. Unfortunately, during our time there, 2 of the dudes in our team starting having some heated words together.  He provided some input, politely, about how to handle such situations and was very classy and respectful about it. Later on, showing even more respect, he apologized for having an opinion on the matter. We didnt mind, because he did it with such smooth finesse that it was necessary he did what he did.  We had a toast and I gave a small speech about the bachelor. It was a perfect place for a couple gentleman to begin the night before we became a team of degenerate that were about to get rad all over Las Vlegas.Excellent place. Excellent staff. Excellent selection of fine whiskeys.  I would recommend this place to anyone!
2	I've always had fond memories of Andre's since I first went many years ago to commemorate some occasion. I don't remember what we were celebrating anymore, but I remember having a really nice meal. So when my wife and I had an occasion to celebrate, I asked her if she'd like to go, and off we went.It was... okay.Maybe they were having an off night, or maybe it's because I've eaten at a lot more fine dining restaurants since I first went to Andre's, or maybe it's just because my tastes have changed. But it wasn't the great experience I remembered, and I left feeling kind of disappointed. It was good, but there wasn't anything memorable about it. I can't even remember what I had except there was duck involved.I realize that part of the fault is my own; I let my expectations get too high and I guess I was bound to be let down. But in a city full of really amazing restaurants, I still feel like Andre's needs to do more to distinguish itself and not just rest on its (considerable) laurels.
5	What a find. We were behind schedule before the Blue Man Group show and couldn't get into Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan. We went to Monte Carlo hoping for the best and found Andre's within sight of the Blue Man theater. A very unassuming place, it looks like a tiny bar. We later found out it was a high-end restaurant and were impressed with the cigar and cognac room upstairs with working fireplace.The two lovely ladies behind the bar were very helpful. The redhead reminded me of Annie Wersching, a beautiful and talented actress who I had worked with in Hollywood. When my wife showed the redhead Annie's picture, it made her day.We wanted a quick bite and the happy hour menu fit the bill. My Lower Manhattan was the best drink I had in Vegas that weekend and my wife enjoyed her vodka-based drink, as well. We shared the beef sliders and fries and they were amazing. Moist, flavorful and cooked perfectly, just one for each of us took care of our grumbling stomachs before the show. The bartenders told us the chef was famous and we concurred: the food was as good or better than our steak at Phil's Steakhouse. Next time my wife and I will go there for a sit-down dinner. In pinch, the happy hour bar menu is fantastic.
5	Got the tasting course menu, with the foie and wine. I almost passed out because the items were so good. GET THE FOIE. GET THE FOIE.
5	We had a wonderful, relaxing dinner at Andre's during our recent stay in Las Vegas.  Everything about the meal was outstanding.  Coming from California, it was a real treat to be able to get foie gras, and it did not disappoint.  Each course was delicious and well paced.  The service was attentive, but not overwhelming.  I highly recommend Andre's for anyone in Las Vegas looking for a quiet, relaxing, and romantic dinner with excellent French food.
5	I'm just going to throw it all out there and say this is probably the best meal I have ever had, bar none.We ended up here thanks to a $50 food and beverage comp I had.  If it hadn't been for that, I would have never even thought to eat at this place.  This was everything you would expect from a high-end restaurant: beautiful decor, ambiance, superior service.  I was extremely impressed that when the dining room doors were closed, you absolutely cannot hear any of the noise from the casino floor.  Quite the feat considering when were were there the table dancers were performing less than 50 steps away from the entrance to the restaurant.We started with the escargot.  It was incredibly fantastic.  I'd had escargot before and it was always my experience that they were a little bit chewy, so that is what I expected.  That was completely not the case here.  They were warm. soft, tender, buttery, and just enough garlic to get a really good flavor but it didn't punch you in the mouth or send you running for the mouthwash.For our entrees my boyfriend had the sauteed green-peppercorn filet of beef and I had the pan seared duck breast and duck sausage.  On my first bite I just melted.  Gave out and audible "mmmmmm" complete with an eyeroll....and again with the second bite....and again with the third....then I cut into the sausage and I nearly fell out of the booth.  Every bite was pure heaven.  I think my boyfriend was pretty sure he was going to have to take my upstairs for a smoke afterward!  I have never had duck so perfectly cooked.  Tender, juicy, and so full of flavor.My boyfriend was enjoying the same out of his steak.  He sacrilegiously ordered the steak "medium", which in my opinion instantly kills the flavor of the meat.  However it was so wonderfully seasoned that there was zero compromise in the flavor and so perfectly cooked that I'm pretty sure it could have been cut with a spork!For dessert we decided on the pistachio souffle with white chocolate sauce.  Completely fluffy, moist, sweet goodness in a bowl.  It stood beautifully and there was a wonderful crisp crunch to the outside, and oh-so-soft, warm, and melted inside.  The last bite where the white chocolate sauce had fused with and melted into the remains of the souffle was complete perfection.Normally I would scoff at dropping this much coin on a single meal, but this place is now going to be built into the Vegas budget.  I'm a year away from going again and already I'm craving this food.  We've already decided on the rack of lamb and Dover sole for the next round!
5	The service was spectacular and the food was too. We did a travelzoo deal, which I feared might result in less service, but it was not the case at all. We had a wonderful 3 course meal, and added on the lobster too. They had a special on wines over $100 so we took the plunge to compliment the meal with a French Burgundy and it really stood up to the expertly cooked meal as well. I'm not typically a dessert person but the chocolate souffle was mouth melting heaven. Definitely coming back! And hopefully getting my wines in there too ;-) I think it'd be good company. Oh and the decor was beautiful, elegant yet intimate too. Nice big private booth type seating. Oh la la! I can't wait to return!
5	We had a cognac tasting here, and the entire experience was amazing and nothing like I have experienced anywhere. Their Chef d'Etage Alfredo took care of us! He explained the different kinds of cognac, the flavors and was all around very attentive. He also helped my friend pick out a cigar that went well. I wish we could've ate there as well. I'll be back!
5	I've  have dined here approximately 5-7 times.  Each time is an enjoyable experience.  The service is exceptionable and the food sublime and always delicious.    I've not had a negative experience here.  Love the little surprises through out the meal.   Will return over and over again. Great place for a romantic dinner, dinner with friends or business.
5	We wanted to eat dinner before heading to the Blue Man Group at the Monte Carlo and happened upon this place, right as they were opening, 5:30pm. What a wonderful dining experience. I am gluten free and the Chef baked some delicious GF rolls for me - the server said if you call in advance, they can have them ready for you when you get there. The Chef even prepared some Foix Gras for us, on the house, while we were waiting for the Carpaccio we had ordered as a starter. Both were quite good. I ordered rabbit which was just divine. My companion had the steak, which he said was one of the best he's ever eaten. We both had red wine with dinner. The overall experience far exceeded our expectations and we will absolutely return when we travel back to Vegas.
3	Second visit to Andre's at Monte Carlo to give to feed the homeless restaurant week. Food was excellent very quiet atmosphere which we love. Service was good and the 4 stars was because although we appreciate not being rushed I waited for 15 minutes to get my drink before dinner and another 10 minutes to get our coffee after dinner and it was luke warm not at all hot. The restaurant week dinner was very good and just enough food for me. My husband had from the menu meals the scallops appetizer and the duck entree and the soufle' for desert. May go back again but sure there are better for the same price.
2	This is an update based on the fact that the wine my husband drank and emailed to himself via the iPad wine list never was received. If you offer a customer the option to email something to themselves so they can get the wine or drink another time it really should work especially if you end up spending $200 on dinner for two. Won't go there again.
5	This is another great dining experience we've had in this city!!! I HIGHLY recommend this place. I reminded me of Michael's as far as service is concerned! The food was outstanding...we had everything. Check this place out if you're around Vegas!
5	We went to Andre's to celebrate our anniversary. The service and food were incredible! The food was great, but the service was definitely the best we have ever had. We had the Scallops for an appetizer, and they were Ok. But for our entrees we had the 2 pound Lobster Thermidor and the Green Peppercorn Filet. The Lobster was amazing and it was not a small portion! The Lobster at Andre's is probably the best thing I have ever eaten!  The Filet was excellent, but even the sides and sauces were great as well. The dessert was also very good. We had the Chocolate Souffle, and the Grand Marnier Souffle. It was all really good! I would go back because the meal was in the top 3 we have ever had, and the service was the best we have ever had anywhere!!!
4	We ate at the bar during Andre's "5-6-7" happy hour.  Beers are $5, interesting cocktails $6, and appetizers $7.  The bartender who served us was excellent, crafted great drinks (I tried the Pomegranate Lemon Drop and the Cucumber Collins -- both delicious).  DH had Batch 19 beer, a Colorado prohibition-era brew recipe.  From the $7 app menu, we tried the sliders, juicy beef with roquefort on fresh house-made brioche, and added fries for $1 ... also enjoyed the charcuterie platter, combining meats, cheeses, pickles, toast, dried fruits, stone-ground mustard -- perfect bites of sweet, salty, tangy, spicy.   And chickpea panisse featured moist triangles of chickpea patties topped with a tangy tomato relish ... sort of a super-fancy deconstructed falafel.We also "splurged" on the calamari petals from the regular bar menu -- that was $14. This is a nice twist on the traditional calamari rings ... here, they're flat, oval shaped pieces of squid, fried with a crunchy coating and a lemony aioli for dipping.  Mmmmm.This bar menu is a great deal ... and it makes me want to try Andre's for dinner, because the chefs showed great care in preparing all our food.
5	Boyfriend and I went here over the weekend celebrating our 6 month anniversary. From other reviews, I learned about a Travel Zoo deal... so I did some research was I too was also able to find a Travel Zoo deal! The deal available now is $135 for a 5 course dinner tasting for 2 people. Normally a 5 course dinner tasting is $110 each! I made reservations online requesting a booth and stating it was our anniversary and was even able to push back the reservation that day since we were still feeling a bit full from eating at the buffet earlier that day. The Travel Zoo deal is only good Sunday-Thursday, so this was our special Sunday dinner. Andre's is located at the end of the hotel, across from Minus 5 in the corner. The host checks you in and through these double doors is the restaurant. It's very private and intimate. I loved the decor and the colors. We were seated in a booth as requested! Wine lists are on an iPad. We gave our server our Travel Zoo voucher. I also checked in on Yelp and was still able to get a free cocktail with that check-in! Some places won't honor the Yelp check-in if you use a voucher of some sort for your meal. The cocktail was a champagne cocktail. Not too strong and was light. We chose our 5 items for each of our courses and sat back as they brought us the food. To start, there was complimentary bread and water. The bread was warm and yummy. An amuse bouche was brought out first to cleanse our palettes. It was interesting as I've never eaten one before. I was garlicly and like a pate paste of some sort. I ate part of it, but I think it's an acquired taste. For the tasting menu, it's basically either a meat or veggie dish, so only 2 choices for each. Course 1: Beef Carpaccio or chilled corn soup. We both went for the beef. It came with truffle creme, artichoke, and wrapped around spinach with some crisp bread. This dish was tasty and delish! The beef literally melted in your mouth! I ate the whole thing minus the artichokes. Course 2: Jumbo sea scallop or vegetable thermadior. We both had the scallop. It was cooked to perfection and the sauce it came with was so good!!Course 3: sauteed sweetbread or carrot risotto. I had the risotto and boyfriend had the sweetbread. I liked my risotto better. It was so creamy, tasty, cooked perfectly, and a big portion too!! I felt like I would be full from eating just that! I had to stop myself as I wanted to have room for the last 2 dishes! The sweetbread, I did not like too much. It was a pastry puff with sauteed spinach and cherry sauce. It was tarty... so if you like the tart flavor, then you may enjoy this more. Course 4: Pan seared duck breast or tofu panzanella. We both went for duck. It was amazing! It also came with duck sausage, couscous cake, sauteed kale and the sauce spiced orange and duck jus was so delicious I wanted to lick the plate clean! Duck breast was tender and I used it to get as much of the sauce as possible. Course 5: chocolate almond zuccotto or grand marnier souffle. I had the souffle and boyfriend had the zuccotto. You can definiety taste the grand marnier in the souffle! It was too strong for me so I was unable to finish it. The vanilla sauce however was very good. The zuccotto was so good and I wished I ordered that instead. It was creamy and chocolaty and came with an almond beautifully presented with caramel. At the end of our dinner, they even presented us with some truffles on a plate that said Happy Anniversary!! That was such a nice surprise! I was not expecting that as our 5 course dinner already had dessert and since the night before, we had dinner at Brand Steakhouse and they did nothing. Thank you staff at Andre's for going above and beyond in excellent service! After every course our dishes were promptly taken away and we were given new silverware. They checked up on us just the right amount and came right away when we needed something. With our dinner, we also each had a cappuccino ($5).To end the meal, we were also given brandied cherries in a shot glass. It was strong! I felt like I was taking a shot with each cherry! I was glad we came here as part of our anniversary celebration. It was a romantic and exquisite dinner. Find a deal if you can, as this fine dining, even with a deal can set you back a few hundred. Every dish was beautifully presented and tasted as good as it looked. I've never done fine dining in Vegas before having done mostly buffets and the occasional casual dining... a girl could really get used to this!
5	This place is amazing! From the time you are seated to the time you leave the service is on point. If you are looking for a delicious meal that is on the strip this is your place. My husband and I shared the caesar salad and it is by far the best caesar I have ever had. The chef and staff put so much detail into their food it truly shows. I will definitely be back next time we are in town.
5	Our meal at Andre's was fabulous.  We had 5:30 reservations on a Saturday night.  We were immediately seated.  The service was phenomenal all night.  We opted for the 7 course menu.  Items included (you had two options and we generally ordered one of each and split): beef carpacio, waldorf salad, foie gras, creamed vegetables, jumbo scallop, mushroom soup, sweetbread blanquette, pumpkin risotto, duck breast, a pair of cheese dishes, a pear pie and a chocolate souffle.Highlights of the meal included the carpaccio, foie gras, rissotto, duck, and the cheese dishes.  All of the dishes were unique and excellent.  The presentation was top notch. We had a show at the Paris (Jersey Boys) at 8:15.  Soon after we ordered I grew concerned that the  meal would take too long.  We spoke with one of the servers who said they would speed everything up.  They did an excellent job and we were done promptly at 7:30.   The service at this place was as good as good as it gets. If you are looking for a high end tasting menu at an excellent French restaurant, I would highly recommend Andre's.
1	The 5 course tasting did not impress me.Overpriced food for bland if not disgusting for one's palliate. Told the manager it was our anniversary & the waiter carried out a "Happy Birthday" plate...lol$200+ (including wine) was doable for a fine dining place, but I wouldn't go back.My fiancee kept saying how claustrophobic it was (which @ 1st I would say "it feels intimate"), but I finally gave in & had to agree.
1	Got this "deal" on Travel Zoo for $135 - "normally $220."  A horrible joke.  Supposedly a five course meal.  I think the total weight of items served must have been about 8 ounces.  The carpaccio only covered a quarter of the plate, the "scallops" consisted of a single scallop each!!  The pear for desert was about the size of a small tangerine.  I've never seen a ripe pear that small! They brought out covered plates in order for us not to be shocked until they removed the cover.  Should have asked for a magnifying glass to find the food on the plate.  It was like the Mad Hatter's Tea Party - it was hilarious.  If it wasn't for the bread and butter we would have starved.  Of course drinks are not included.  To add insult to injury you get an additional $35 bill tacked on for service, tip, and tax.  Would have preferred a gourmet meal at MacDonalds.  I almost forgot to mention this place has all the ambiance of a restroom.  No windows - small interior rooms.  There was a private party in the main dining area so they put us in an elevator and put us in what I call the "annex" upstairs with even less ambiance - looked like a converted hallway!  Avoid this scam at all cost!
1	Very poor experience here. Went in for dinner on Saturday night around 6:45 pm. The place was still pretty empty with only a couple other tables being served. We had the misfortune of being placed with one the worst, rudest waiters I've ever experienced. To begin with, it took about 10 minutes before anyone even came over to hand us a menu. Then about another 10 minutes later or waiter decides to come over and introduce herself, as well as take our order. She was condescending and downright rude to the table next to us, so I wasn't expecting much when she actually came over. Never even asked us if we wanted anything to drink, and I had to ask her for a wine menu before ordering (this is supposed to be a Michelin rated restaurant - come on!) Finally we get our order in, and the food doesn't come out for 30 minutes! Not ONCE did our waiter come by during this time to check up on us or ask if I would like another glass of wine. Finally when the food does come out, they forgot to bring by our side order of brussels sprouts. Another 15 minutes go by, and by the time they do bring them out, we were already done with our meal. Was told by the server to just eat them and we wouldn't be charged. Of course we ended up being charged for them, even though we told the waiter we didn't want them because they took so long we had already finished our meal. And then the icing on the cake...after asking for my ID to charge the tab to our room at Bellagio (which was kind of weird in itself), our waiter takes a look at my ID and condescendingly says "gained some weight there didn't ya." I mean, again this is supposed to be a fine dining restaurant, who says that? I don't know the waiters name, but she really ruined what would otherwise have been a decent meal experience. If management is reading this, she's an older woman who acts like the customers are doing her a favor by dining in her presence. She served us around 6:45 on Saturday the 29th.
5	While the restaurant overall is great and deserves its place on the list of best restaurants in the world. The most notable part was the service. Simultaneous delivery to everyone at the table was more of a rehearsed dance than a simple food service. While everyone was impecable corteous and polite our main waiter Thibault was probably the best of the great bunch. We were a rather finicky group but he took care of all of our requests, including the class on techniques of proper diet coke service and our mangling of his native french, with great humor and patience.
5	Andre's was one of the best dining experiences my boyfriend and I have ever had. Their dining room is tucked away behind closed doors and off the casino floor, so the dining room was very quiet and peaceful, that being said, there were only about 4 other couples there for a 9 pm reservation time. We went for their M club member pre fixe menu for $60, which we thought was a great deal! Our steaks were delicious and the creme brulee trio was amazing! I was able to use my check-in on yelp for a free cocktail of their choosing! If you are looking for a romantic evening this is definitely the place to go!
