2	-This Thrift Store is so-so...-Aside from the cool, reto interior leftover from the sixties, this place has LOTS of clothing, and mostly junk.-Big store, but smells like a giant dirty laundry hamper. Organized. Friendly employee greeted me as I walked in.-Right next to a .99 cent only store, which explains the super busy parking lot and homeless dude???-BEWARE: The parking is awful too! Very tight spaces and hard to find a spot. People drive like jerks and just pull right out without looking...
5	You know what? This was probably the coolest thrift store we've ever visited in the Phoenix Metro area! Much nicer than visiting a Savers or Goodwill, in my opinion. The prices were great, it was very clean and organized, and it didn't smell as bad as I'm used to! I usually hate going to thrift shops because of the smell. That probably sounds weird, but oh well! ;)There was a great selection of just about everything, but we ended up not really getting anything at all. We still had fun looking through everything, though. My friend did actually end up getting this really cool solid carved wood pelican that was perfect for her nautical-esque themed room. It's crazy, but it fits her style. It actually isn't as ugly as it sounds, and it was only $1.99. She also told me she went back later and picked up a few more things since they had restocked in the short time after we had left. She also noticed that a few large pieces of furniture had sold in that same amount of time.The staff was friendly and helpful as well, so that is also a plus. They were quick to get the pelican artwork down for us with a smile. Oh, and I think my friend also was able to find this huge baking sheet (practically brand new for super cheap!) that she is going to use when she decorates her gingerbread cookies during the holidays. I think it's too large for her to use for baking, but she said it will be perfect for her to set the freshly baked cookies on when she is decorating them.Overall, we were both very satisfied with our journey to Value Village. Since she lives nearby, my friend said she is going to check this place out about once a week.
5	A major fan of this thrift store. As much as I am not a fan of Arizona...this place stole my heart! If you're a true thrifter and not a snob about places being modernized and blah, blah, blah....then you'll definitely love this store.The staff is very nice and helpful. Things are not overpriced/marked up like at some resale or so called thrift stores...This one has something for everyone....whether you're a fashionista on a budget, college kid looking for some housewares, or a low-income family trying to keep things afloat...you'll leave with a smile on your face.xoxo enjoy.p.s.it is very organized and clean! parking is never a problem.
5	In 5 minutes, I found a badass blazer for 5 bucks. Browsing around a bit, I spied tons of potential outfits for that old-school look you just can't put together from other secondhand clothiers. Every rack is full of potential. You just need a good eye and a touch of luck to find something with that "WOW!" factor.They accept cards, and the staff all seem to enjoy this place. Play some 90s arcade games, and grab some vintage garb of your own. You'll walk away looking like one sexy anachronism.
4	Very personable and helpful staff here, so if you cannot find something you are looking for just ask.  Good junker place!
4	I don't go to the west side very often, and I wish I had known about this place sooner. I love thrift shopping, and this store definitely has what I'm looking for!For starters, the place has a wide variety of items to choose from.  Clothes, household items, and other cool stuff too.  Some of the things I've found here in the past are bathroom and kitchen rugs, a nice end table in good working order, t shirts, a decent but small candle selection and some other random items as well.Prices are great, and they have pretty good hours as well.  I find it's more hit then miss here in regards to finding items that you like. I mean, I usually find something I like or want while I'm here, but I have walked out empty handed as well.  I think in regards to selection, I seem to score stuff here (more small ticket items then large) and I like that.  Today I noticed that they had two really cool looking over stuffed chairs for sale here today, but they were slightly out of my budget and needed a good cleaning, so I passed.Staff here is mostly friendly, and they don't seem to blow you off if you have questions about stuff. I do find that they could use a better sign system in regards to finding sizes, but that's about the only complaint I have about this place. Oh yea, and they take cards too!Obviously the store's interior isn't overly decorated, as it's a thrift store, but I have to say, its one of the better stores with great selection and pricing in the valley.  Go check it out, you'll thank me later!
5	Hell yeah!I was on my way to buy something that costs $100 and I thought I'd stop by here and see if they had one - they did and I got it for $12.  It was in excellent condition, the stickers were still on it, I don't think it had ever been used.Cha Ching!
1	This place sucks, non English speaking staff, the ones who can speak English are druggies, very rude to say the least... the prices are way too freakin high, how does this place stay in business...
1	Very high priced for items not impressed also it seemed messy And kids were running wild
4	My mom and I love to stop by at this place every so often. It's a real hit or miss store.On occasion, I do find really good gently used " name brand" clothing! SCORE!Keep in mind, the place does have an odd smell to it. After a while, you'll get somewhat used to it.On Thursdays, they have an additional 25% off your purchase. Make sure to ask the cashier ladies about it. .It's a place worth going to, you never know what you will find here!
3	This is one of the more ghetto thrift shops I have been to. Clothing sizes are all mixed in, only two fitting rooms, and they do not accept returns or exchanges. The employees at the front door & fitting room will stare at you like a shoplifting criminal. On Mondays, the public receives 25% off & on Thursdays members only receive 25% off. Keep in mind that you can't sign up for a membership on Thursdays. Overall, I prefer Savers or Goodwill. However, I will be back looking for maternity clothes & baby items.
