4	This place just opened so a lot of items on their menu aren't up yet. However if you're a fan of El Pulgarcito de America this is owned by the same people (and within walking distance of the other restaurant, just on the other side of Ben Thanh). You will recognize some of the menu items from El Pulgarcito, though when we went they did not have several things on the menu yet because of the recent opening.Like El Pulgarcito, our server had minimal English. Fortunately I speak Spanish fluently so this was not a problem for me. The parking situation is definitely better than El Pulgarcito, too. What I had isn't exactly on the menu - it's just the regular breakfast, but they were happy to serve the eggs Ranchero style with salsa verde upon request. The eggs were cooked perfectly, over easy with a runny yolk. The salsa verde was wonderful (a tiny bit spicier than the green sauce at El Pulgarcito). The nice thick Mexican crema went perfectly too, scooping up a little crema for each bite of egg. The steak was well-done, but tender and simply (but perfectly) seasoned. The refried beans come on the side and had a wonderful flavor as well. The tortillas served on the side were thick, like they are at El Pulgarcito, but the crispy tortillas under the eggs were nice and thin. I think this breakfast is, overall, a touch better than El Pulgarcito - which is really saying something.The 4 stars is both high in anticipation of the quality and goodness at El Pulgarcito (just Mexican), and not yet 5 stars since my first 2 requests weren't available yet even though they were on the menu. So this rating may change after a few visits.I did snag one of the little take out menus (from my last visit to El Pulgarcito, actually) so I'll scan that and add soon.
1	The food here was not good I ordered the chicken fajitas, tres leches cake  and the chicken was dry and had no flavor and the tres leches was super dry and disgusting . Now usually in mexican restaurants they give you chips and salsa or pico de gallo . I literally waited 15mins for them to come out before having to ask her about them .The windows were super foggy and dirty and the servers were literally standing around texting and not tending to the only 2 tables that were in there I had a resturant.com gift certificate for 10$ and they didnt even take off the full $10 !! the server said something was wrong with the system which was ridiculously a lie . i left my server a tip bc thats what i do but it took me so much to not want to bc the service was so rude. smh ! i will never step foot in this place again !
5	This was the best mexican food i have had in a long time! Everything from the chips and salsa, to the enchiladas even the drinks were amazing!  We will be back!
4	I was amazed by how good this place is. In the three times I've gone, I've gotten three different fresh and delicious Mexican meals. Their grilled chicken is cooked well, the sides are tasty, and the portions are huge. Would definitely recommend to anyone
