4	Down in the basement of the David Hume Tower, one wouldn't really expect to find anything of real importance, however, if you keep searching then you will come to the DHT student association shop. Tucked away next to the copying centre, and across from Cafe Senses, this gem of shop is a lifeline for students. If you are ever in need of stationary, snacks, sandwiches, drinks, newspapers or even a birthday card then this shop does not disappoint! I only found this shop during my second year and I still constantly go back to it for its convenience. The staff have been there for years now, and they are very friendly and chatty and make this shop stand out! Also, they are very knowledgeable about the campus, so if you're a new student, they won't mind giving you directions or hints about student life in George Square. So if you think you have to keep on walking up to Potterrow every time you need a sandwich or some pens, then think again as this little shop will save you the hassle!
3	Talk about hiding something away. There's little reason you would know about this shop if you're not a student. Scratch that, there's probably no reason you'd know about if you're not in the University of Edinburgh. Because it involves going into the building that's probably got David Hume writhing in his grave. I mean, poor guy: they put traffic cones on his head on the Royal Mile and they erect this thing in his honour. I mean, c'mon.But the EUSA shop in here is actually OK. They sell food and drinks at an OK price, and have a whole range of pens and papers. I've only ever been here to buy the Guardian or to get myself envelopes to mail things. They used to sell those Rhino recycled papers pads, but those seem to have disappeared in the last year. I think (just think) that this shop gives you a discount on the Guardian. I'm almost certain, actually. But my version of certainty is questionable at best.
4	Here's a little tip for you lefty Guardian readers of liberal middle-class Edinburgh (don't worry, I'm one of you too). The Grauniad is a mere 40p in the shop down here. Sure it was 20p when I started uni, but it's still 60p cheaper than in a normal shop. And anyone can walk in here! But don't tell too many people. And I guess it's supposed to be for students. They also sell snacks, stationary and the like and none of it is too expensive. And stacks and stacks of envelopes. I've never seen so many envelopes. If it's envelopes you want...I often felt EUSA become a little exploitative in my last couple of years at uni, trying to make massive profits when they should really be breaking even and keeping it cheap. The basement seems to be about the only place that missed the price hike.
