4	If you are looking for anything "baby", this is the place to do it in.  They have items here that I have not seen at any other place except the web.  Sometimes it is just nice to see them in person before purchasing them.  They have tried to stay competitive on their prices, but Target and Walmart beat them quite a few times.I love the fact that they cater to babies and young children with their rest rooms.  Forget a diaper- they have them.  They also have a photo studio inside.
4	I do not like their parking outside. It is hard to cross the median without almost getting run over by a Hummer or somethin'. It is crazy.Anyway, the store itself is great. The associates are not as friendly as one would like them to be. They always seem to be busy doing nothing. I will forever be grateful to BRU for their restroom and rest area specially created for moms who can change their babies diapers if code brown happens and they can breastfeed the baby in privacy. I don't think there is any other store out there who goes to such lenghts to cater to new mothers in such a way. Plus they provide you with diapers if you do not have your own. How nice. The sales could be better at BRU...and they need to do more coupons on their website but overall...this is a great place. FYI, you can most likely find better prices at amazon.com on big ticket items such as strollers, car seats etc. Plus, the selection is limited at BRU.
4	I go to BRU almost every week, sometimes twice, since  I had my baby 17 months ago!! It has pretty much everything I need and they open until 9, which is great. It's easier to go by myself than with him. I must say that they use to have better promotions (20% coupons, now only 15%, better diaper coupons, etc), they tend to run out of stock of several products pretty often and it takes a while to re-stock., and sometimes is almost impossible to get an associate to help you in the furniture area. Then again, the store is literally 2 min  away from me, so can't beat the convenience.I went to Buy Buy Baby and they do have more inventory (the store is huuuge!) and prices were basically the same. They accept Bed Bath & Beyond coupons here, I may have to visit more often, especially since now I'm expecting number 2 :-)
1	If you are purchasing a car seat, breast pump or stroller from Babies R Us beware... the warranty they sell eliminates these items from the "gift card no hassle refund"I purchased a warranty on a stroller from Babies R Us last year after the cashier convinced me that if anything happened to the stroller Babies R Us would send me a gift card to be able to purchase a new one and that I would not have to deal with the manufacturer warranty.  When I tried to file a claim the system kept kicking me out. Then customer service at Babies R Us tells me I have to go to the store and purchase a new one then send both receipts (the one for the old one and the new one to them) then they would reimburse for the new one, but only after the manufacture warranty expires. What a pain. Who wants to do all that. They get to collect an extra $20 from people and get away with this supposed added convenience that is actually just a scam.I will never set foot in a Babies R Us / Toys R Us again. The nerve of big business to steal $20 from the working class.
2	Im not the biggest fan of this store.  The diapers and everyday items seem to be a lot more expensive here.   We did buy some bigger ticket items like a car seat, and a few other things.  Some of the kids seats and bean bags they have were very dirty and almost looked used while they kept their overpriced new price on them.   It seems hit or miss if you get an employee that is happy to be there or not.  Not a big fan of this store
1	I cannot even begin to say how disgusted I am with the babies r us in Phx on ray rd. I delivered my son early and wasnt expecting to need a breast pump so soon. I went to the BRU on signal butte in mesa and was told that the pump I saw on my phone was out of stock. They called and checked the availability of the pump at the PHX store and I was told they had it. It was a breast pump by medela regular priced $349.99 on sale online for 269.99$ for that much of a price difference I took the drive. When I arrived I was told by a supposed manager Elsie that I had to pay $349.99 there cause I wasn't buying online. After driving 45 minutes to there I was upset. I explained the situation that I literally was just out the hospital and my 3 day old baby was in the car with my husband. She said fine she will call a manager Tracy and she said  well you can order it online and come back for it. Again I explained that I had driven an hour and just came out the hospital. I explained I couldn't wait for the pump as I needed myMilk to be expressed. The lady laughed when I asked for a manger and said that. Then she came back an offered to allow me to order online and do in store pick up. That I would wait anywhere between 1-2 hours. At first I said okay but then they said the price would be 349.99 and then they'd give me a coupon for 15% off to offset the online price ??? I'm not a math whiz but they were still trying toUp charge me after saying they called Darren loff the district manger for permission to price match the online price? When I asked the store manager Tracy to contact Darren so I can directly talk to him myself she said maybe he is busy and I said ok we're all busy I need to not take an hour looking into buying a breast pump...she said well if I call him i might get a voice mail and I said ok but you might not..,so let's just try and call him cause what your saying isn't making any sense. She then saidShe would give me his number and gave me a 800 toysrus # and said I can just try and get him there??? I explained that I felt she was trying to hide the situation from upper management and she told me good day andwalked into an office and shut her door. I could not believe a company that supposedly prides themselves as a company that Is for children would treat people like that!! I was crying by the end of this ordeal and in walking out the other person who worked there tried to offer me a lesser quality pump for the same price as the Hugh quality one I wanted and said I might as well get it since I'm still gonna need a pumpAnyways ??? Are they nuts...u don't go into buy something of quality and they say well since I can't get it let me buy a lesser quality for the same price. I can't imagine these women are in management and argued with me in front of multiple customers -- if anyone knows what I can do to properly complain pleae email me @ alinda1313@yahoo -- thanks all
1	I saw today that Babies R us is offering a 20% off on ALL Glider and Ottomens, Which is fantastic! Except for the fact that I also noticed that they have not only increased the prices of both but a COMBO that I was looking at on January 4th 2012 and saved the link to (Which no longer works) is now not available as a combo (Actually there aren't any combos available) and is now priced at a total of almost $400 (Originally $239.98 for both).  So that got me thinking (Though I LOVE BABIES R US)- do they usually jack up their prices when coupons come out and try to make more money and pull a fast one....Ummm!  I will be following up on this!  I called Shermag (French Company) and hopefully they will return my call.
1	I rarely visit BRU because I know their prices are significantly higher than amazon.com, target and most other stores.  But for when I need something ASAP, I go there.  Our 4 mo old got a cold and we needed a humidifier fast!  So after working a 10 hour day, I run over to BRU, ask for help in identifying which one of the 15 humidifiers they sell is a good one...the lady helping me just read what was on the boxes and concluded that it "depended on what I was looking to spend."  Really? That's all you got?  I noticed that half of the product boxes were severely dented in or visibly opened previously and repackaged.  There was even an instruction manual for one of them between the boxes on the shelf.  So I carefully chose the box that seemed to be least disturbed.  I checked out, got home 5 minutes later and opened the box.  The unit was clearly used, the metals parts were rusted inside and the serial number was blacked out.  I immediately returned to the store and told them about my damage product.  They just instructed me to go pick out another one.  I said, "are you kidding?  every other box i looked at has already been opened!"  I suggested giving me an open box discount on the open box of my choosing and she, the manager, said, "I'm sorry, I can't do that."  I don't know how BRU runs things, but if they don't give managers power to give discounts, I can't believe anyone likes to work there. Save money and hassle, buy on amazon.com
1	Terrible customer service until you get to a manager that actually cares. It's as if they don't understand, care, or appreciate who their competition is and what business they're in (customer service). I would be surprised if this store even existed a year from now. My advice: Have the assistant managers visit a few competitors to see who they are being compared to.
5	Anything and everything you need for baby!
1	DONT BOTHER!The majority of women who work here are very rude.  I have spent THOUSANDS of dollars here in the last 3 years and when trying to us a free 5$ coupon here that wouldnt scan, I was accused of already using the coupon and trying to double use.  Are you kidding me!  If you dont want to offer the savings Babies R Us, then DONT!  Not the first time myself, sister or mother was treated poorly here.  Sad, but true.  This store needs new management to come in and do some housecleaning with the staff.  At this point, I WILL not shop here and will pay more elsewhere just to avoid this place!  You have seen my last dollar Babies R Us.
1	High prices, poor selection, and awful customer service. These are the reasons I chose not to register at Babies R Us in the first place. When l received BRU products at my shower and had no use for them I tried returning to the store. I did not have a gift receipt nor a gift registry so I was told they couldn't do anything for me. I was stuck with products I didn't need. Really? Is this how you treat your customers? The cashier admitted that each item was currently on the shelves but she had no way of "matching them up" against a receipt or registry. She even suggested that I try returning them to Walmart because their return policy is very lax. I was disgusted and offended. I was doing the right thing by taking the products back to the store from which they came. Even Target allows you to return things without a receipt. I'll never buy anything at BRU.
5	I could spend hours in here!
4	I'm torn on this review, I want to trash them over some bad experiences I've had, but overall they are an okay store with a good selection of merchandise and the, occasional, great deal on clearance items.  I remember a few years ago when I attempted to order the nursery furniture for my baby it was a comedy of errors that literally mirrored the 'Cheese Shop' skit by Monty Python, minus the British accents (and the cheese.)Me-"Do you have this dresser in stock?"Employee-"No sorry, Ma'am, we don't carry that style any longer."Me-"Okay, what about this changing table you have as the floor model, can I get one of those?"Employee-"No, our supplier never delivers those on a Wednesday, sorry Ma'am."Me-"Okay, do you have any cribs in stock?"Employee-"Again, I apologize profusely Ma'am, but it appears we are all out of those as well..."Me-"Tell me, do you in fact have ANY baby furniture at all?..."But all that aside, and keeping in mind this was a few years ago I'm actually not subtracting any stars for it.   Just thought I'd mention it as it was as annoying as heck and still sticks in my mind.  So, anytime anyone in our office welcomes a new baby, or grand baby, we take up a collection and I head over here to get them a gift card and a package of diapers as a gift from everyone at the office.  In the 5 years I have worked here I've done this at least 10 times and probably spent upwards of $2,000 on Babies R Us gift cards.  This is over and above what I have spent on goods and gear for my own two little ones.   So to summarize, I have dropped a ton of money in here.  Imagine my delight when I recently got an emailed statement for my Babies R Us Rewards card telling me that for the first time ever my shopping trips (presumably) in the last year calendar had earned me a bonus reward!  "Yes!!  Score!  All that money I have spent in here and finally it pays *me* back in some tangible way!"  What is my reward amount I wonder?   Maybe a $20 gift card, a big fat rebate, some too-good-to-be-true percentage off coupon?  I wonder...  I opened the email to get the details.  Ladies and Gents; I was the proud recipient of a $1 coupon that expired in one month.  As my father always told me, "Now don't spend it all in one place!"   Uh yeah, I deleted the stupid $1 coupon email.  WTF?  REALLY Babies R Us, really?So last week I needed to go and get another gift card for a co-worker, and this time when the cashier asked me if I had a Babies R Us Rewards Card I wanted to scan for points I just laughed bitterly.  She was very nice, and I guess that wasn't a very polite response on my part, but I couldn't help it, it was a reflex response.  C'mon BRU, if you are gonna offer rewards for people to shop in your store make them REAL rewards, not silly $1 off coupons.Okay, I guess my rant is mostly over.  This is a decent store, it's clean, the staff is nice and you can *usually* get what you want when you want it (as long as it isn't nursery furniture) but I think their rewards system is a total joke.
2	My wife and I saw an item on sale on the website for a great deal, but when we got to the store, it wasn't on sale. nobody really knew why the sales don't match or why you cant use a coupon after price matching their own price from their own website...whatever. I would give 5 stars to one employee though. Her name is Ruby, and she went above and beyond to make sure my wife and I got all of the discounts we were eligible for. She even price adjusted that one item to make sure we could use our coupon after price matching the website.We ended up saving over $300 and I know that we would not have gotten such a good deal if we had been rang up by any other associate. So if you have any complicated coupons, or want to price match their website, make sure to ask for Ruby.
3	Kind of impersonal as a shopping experience, but I love the selection available. There are always a ton of clearance deals and they send out lots of coupons which helps as well. Just wish it was easier to find someone when needed.
5	We received fantastic customer service at this location when purchasing furniture for our nursery.  Love all the sales here, too!
1	OVER-PRICED and then some1. Lots of rules and restrictions when they have coupons2. EVERYTHING is more expensive here, it doesn't matter what deals or specials the website is running.3. No customer service at all, the only time they care is when you are there to sign up for a registry.4. God forbid if you have to return something, even with a receipt, they require your ID and phone number, WTF? It makes me feel like a criminal or something.5. I don't like to use them for a baby registry anymore. I feel bad for anyone I know and love having to go experience all the above mentioned points.
