4	My favorite club in Charlotte. Great food & drink and an excellent selection of ladies.
4	Please note that this review is for their Wednesday buffet, not the ladies or their gyrations. So, a friend and biz associate invited me out to what she quoted as "the best buffet in Charlotte" at The Men's Club. Skeptical as I was, I accepted as I love a great buffet. Plus she mentioned that there is a whole wall of desserts and that pretty much sealed the deal. I lunched with two female associates and one male associate. The venue: Yup, it's a strip club. All day. These ladies are working hard for their money. However, the space itself is really nice. It's clean, it's pretty, it's, well, almost luxe looking - at least in the semi dark dining area. The staff: Our waitresses were nice, efficient and fully clothed. That made digging into the buffet much easier. The food: Delicious. Seriously. It's a magical buffet full of so many different types of cuisines. Chef Brian is really nice and he was hanging out by the prime rib - yes, the actual meat - that is not a metaphor for something else. Everything was cooked well and there was enough variety for any palate. Big hits here: mac 'n cheese, asian chicken, perfectly steamed veggies and a nice fresh fruit spread. The dessert section wasn't at large as I thought but it filled the void for my sweet tooth.Overall: Would I go back? Sure, for the Wednesday buffet. My meal was taken care of by one of my dining partners, but for these 70+ buffet options the cost was $10 per person. If you can stomach viewing a bit of T&A during your lunch, definitely give this stellar buffet a try. Just don't face the stage and make sure to hide your singles.
4	So...considering the wife has now written her review I think that allows me to write mine :). Went here for a business lunch a few months ago and was leery of it for obvious reasons. Drove up to the place with my colleagues and the place was packed for lunch. Paid the $10 cover which was for the lunch and was seated at the table in the back of the room near the food. Food was great and what I had heard about it prior was backed up by the food I ate...one of the best buffets in town (food wise...ha). Service was spot on and non intrusive.You'll see everything here. Women and men meeting for business. Guys in suits indulging in the "non-food buffet" and pretty ladies. Overall...great spot Charlotte, though I have nothing to compare it to in town. . For info on that I'll need to continue to read Jay R's reviews! ha.
2	Not really impressed by this place. I was only in there for about half a hour. Then I bounced. I had more fun, at Paper Dolls. From some reason, this place doesn't excite. Maybe, I just went on the wrong night or something.
5	I take clients to clubs for lunch when I am in Charlotte on business. I travel all over and was not expecting much in Charlotte. I had gone to one uptown club a few times and it was nice.  I went to a Friday lunch special at The Men's Club from a hotel referral. It is remarkably nice inside, good staff, good music and a better menu than the hotel I was staying in. It was something I would have expected in Las Vegas, not Charlotte. I will go back every time I am in town.
1	Oh how the mighty have fallen.  When I first moved to Charlotte in '04 this was one of my favorite spots to hit.  The Wednesday lunch buffet was killer and the weekend breakfast buffet was equally awesome.  The girls ranged from night to night, but overall it was a solid showing.Moving back to Charlotte in '10 we went back to our old stomping grounds for more fun and frivolity.  Like an amusement park you used to go to as a kid we were saddened to see our awesome fun park degraded into a washed up shadow of its former self.It's strange, when the management changed they prettied up the place with a wine cellar and a second floor expansion yet everything else in the place went to shit.  The quality of the ladies took a drastic hit.  Last night's Saturday roster is what I would expect to see on a Tuesday afternoon.  Also, the security was not as sharp as it used to be.  One time at the breakfast buffet a fight broke out between two groups of Asians right by the omelette station.  Instead of well dressed bouncers swooping down to disperse the crowd the fight just fizzled out on its own with no interaction from security whatsoever.I used to recommend this place to everyone coming through Charlotte for its fun atmosphere and good food.  Now I can barely recommend the food and would honestly steer my friends to other places.
4	Not a big fan of American and especially Charlotte strip clubs.  Had my full of the Canadian Ballet when I lived on the border at the Ontario drinking age of 19 and that was 1000x better.  I am also really not a fan of strip clubs that serve food, but this is an exception.  It's close to work and they have awesome lunch specials every weekday.  People rave about the Wednesday lunch buffet, but I go here for me red meat craving on free steak Fridays.  You get a free 10 ounce, decent ribeye plus $2 sides and it's all good.  They hit you on the drink at $3.85 for soda, but I don't know where else in town you can get a decent 10 ounce steak, two good sides, and a drink for $8.  They get crowded on Friday so the service can be a little bit slow, but it's not too bad.  The food really is good here...there is no question about that.
3	My friends have been trying to drag me here for 'the best lunch buffet in Charlotte' for four years and I've been putting it off for, uh, four years. This week I am not traveling and I had no good excuses. I've never been to one of these places (yeah, I know all men say that but it's true or I would have Yelped it) so I wasn't quite sure what to expect.The club itself is very nicely appointed. Comfortable carpet, lit enough that you can see mostly where you're going. Large wing chairs surrounding a smaller table. Lots of random stage lights, loud dance music and no outside light.The ladies on the stage start off with clothes on, and then they quickly remove them. They are as naked as Meck County and North Carolina allow them to get. While I managed to snag the seat that wasn't facing the stage directly, there was still a lot of eye candy about, from our bustier and mini-skirt dressed waitress (her name is 'Hollywood') to the dancers (before and after their stage time) asking if we wanted company at our table and the ones who did offer 'company' to some of the tables nearby. The ladies are quite... flexible and... friendly. The lap dances were lengthy and very hands on (above the waist). I have no doubt that the place is completely above board and that there are no 'special deals' going on in the side rooms.As for the buffet, it was a good deal at $10 plus $3 for an ice tea and $4 to tip the waitress who kept our glasses full and removed dirty plates quickly. A good selection of dinner-type items - beef tips, blackened chicken pasta, meatballs, chicken parmigiana, pork tenderloin. All hearty meaty items. There were some lighter choices, but not many. For dessert, a carved fruit platter, a big plate of handmade cookies, cheesecake and a carrot cake.I don't see me being here outside of the lunch hours and even then, probably not.
3	Okay so I ended up here for breakfast one day at around 4am after a very drunken night. That said I thought the food was perfectly fine.The breakfast is served buffet style and I thought the price was quite reasonable. Really I'm quite tolerant towards breakfast food. It can be pretty terrible and I'll still probably like it. If it's good that's a bonus! I just like eggs a whole lot okay? I realize the irony in that statement. Don't judge me! The dancers are in a pretty separate section so that makes me feel safer about the food.Would I go back? Probably not unless it's after a rough night out where I somehow end up here again. But the place is just fine for food, and probably ladies if you're into that.
2	If I had a .5 star system it would probably be 2.5.. I came here after the club to get some of their "amazing" breakfast... And since I was there might as well see what they offer entertainment wise.It was actually a let down. I believe some other venues had a more worthy note and memorable moments for me, but this one wasn't. The food was okay, I honestly do say that it is really over hyped. Or I think it was just whoever came here were drunk.And what really surprised me was that there was no pole dancing! For a club like this, and no pole? Interesting. I think this is probably the first and last time I come here because it was over priced and honestly, I felt it wasn't worth my while.
1	BORING! Not a single pole in the place so the girls amble on to the stage as if they just woke up. They walk from one side of the stage to the next doing nothing because they might trip and break the ankle. There is no pole on the stage thus nothing to hold on to to try to bust some moves.This place is pretentious and over priced. The girls there have no talent and don't really care.
4	A nice gentlemen's club with unlimited breakfast buffet at 3am! That was the main reason we came, so other than that, I'm not sure I can definitively describe to you how the dancing or girls were. The place itself is actually pretty nice, which is probably why it is classified as a "gentlemen's" club and not just a strip club. If I remember correctly, there are two levels, with the stage in the middle of the room and an open view of both levels surrounding it. It was very loung-y and comfortable with an enigmatic vibe. I don't know many nightclubs or gentlemen's clubs that serve breakfast, so this was pretty cool for a fair price (of about $15).
4	My husband and I found this place after a night of drinks. We were there on a Friday night - place was kind of slow. Most of the ladies said the week had been unusually slow but around 1:30 am a good crowd started building. Dancers are rotated thruought the night and there was a wide range. All in all we had a good time for the $. Waitresses were very attentive, the dancers were respectful - as in both tines I bought my   husband lap dances the asked if I minded how close the got to him (answer was no of course). Drinks were strong like we like them and the entertainment was appealing. We'll go again for sure.
4	After everywhere else closes at 2am, this place certainly livens up as it seems half of uptown ends up here. You pay a cover to get in the door which also nets you a free breakfast. The breakfast is pretty good, i stacked my plate with a cooked to order western omelet, grits, bacon, and gravy and biscuits. Very tasty and a huge breakfast. The girls are all very attractive, yet some of them seem a little unenthusiastic compared to other clubs I've been to. The Men's Club does have a couple advantages in my opinion to Uptown Cabaret though. It's larger and much easier to get a table, and feels more upscale. I just don't feel as dirty as I do in other strip clubs. There's a bathroom attendant, a well stocked bar, and a wine room. If you have a few stacks to drop I believe you could have a pretty great night. Long story short, skip IHOP or the Waffle House for your Friday night munchies and come here for dinner and a show.
1	Worst place I've ever been to    No service or women. I would never come in this place ever again.  Women are not attractive and staff is even worse.Beer is almost $8 with no girls in sight.  What a joke.  This place is the worst place I've ever been to and I've been all over the world.
5	This is by far the best strip club in Charlotte. I come here on Wednesdays for the lunch buffet during the day which is always a steal for 10$ all you can eat plus admission into the club. Otherwise I usually come on Friday or Saturday night when its packed with girls. The seating is comfortable and 1 large stage and three mini side stages. Girls are friendly and most are above a 7. Dances are 20$ and worth every penny. My favorite there is Bianca who is amazing in VIP.
4	I went this Wednesday for the $10 buffet and it was pretty good.  I knew where the place was so finding it wasn't hard and parking at a little before noon was easy.  Me and a coworker paid and went in, I like the stuffed chairs but it was a waste when I was sitting half out of it to eat.I don't know if the food changes but this week I saw boneless pork chops, fried chicken, buffalo shrimp, baked salmon and plenty of sides. Dessert bar had cheesecake, fruit, a variety of cookies and more. One note, drinks are not included and they don't tell you refills are charged the same, we ended up paying an additional $12 for that.The only downsides were that the strippers were quite pushy trying to give overpriced dances ($25) and the dress code was not being enforced, plenty of shorts and tshirts. This will end up being a once a month kinda lunch for us.
4	This is one of the better clubs in Charlotte; I would say for the best quality girls vs. price. The girls here are good to above average in looks. There are very few tattoos here. Safe to go alone here and they will valet your car if you want.They have several stages and the headliner for the current song will be front and center. There are at least 2-3 other small stages where they rotate every song. This is one of the best in Charlotte, quality girls at the fairest prices. They are friendly here but they usually ask you if you want a dance before sitting at your table. They won't spend time with you here if you aren't willing to spend some money. These aren't the fun type girls... they are obviously there for one thing and that's to drain your pockets.Lunch here is great, it's a 4-5 star quality meal for a reasonable price... it's very hard to leave here and return to work though. The girls are very polite and won't bother you during lunch unless you specifically ask for them.FYI: No smoking in any bar or restaurant anywhere in North Carolina. If they have a drink special it has to last all day... no happy hours. Sorry but it's NC law.
5	Love the place, very friendly staff and definitely the hottest girls in town. Nonpushy girls which is a big plus. Very classy and clean, definitely not your typical strip club. The food is very good and reasonably priced. Check it out, you won't be sorry!!
5	Not only does this club have gorgeous entertainers, on point service from bartenders and waitresses, and an upscale environment, but the food is absolutely AMAZING!  They just added a ton of new items to their menu.  I highly recommended the Bison Cheddar Meatloaf and the Bone in Pork Chop topped with crawfish.  They have some great specialty cocktails with catchy names like the Wet Panty and Carmel Apple Tittay.This is not your typical strip club.  Everyone here is very polite (you won't get hounded for a dance the second you sit down).  The environment is very nice, classy, and CLEAN.  Their VIP area upstairs is top notch and always a great time.  Make sure to check out the bar at the top of the stairs, which IS open to the public.  The view from upstairs is awesome because you can see the whole club.Their breakfast buffet is also a great end to a Friday or Saturday night, so check it out 2am to 3:30am on those days.
1	Usually I really like this place and go often BUT I had a rotten experience here last night that has ruined my opinion of this place forever. I went with a friend at night and ordered drinks. I gave a card and ID for my tab and my friend paid for drinks with cash as he got them. At the end of the night My friend checked out and then I paid the bill. I then found out that our waitress was billing my friends drinks to my tab while she's pocketing cash from my friend.I had to sign for the bill and the manager essentially told me to take a long walk off a short pier. Usually this place quite good but at night it turns to a den of thieves.
4	I really like there Wednesday buffet a little of everything even desserts look great, my biggest complaint is if you get like tea or coke like 3 bucks and comes out in  small glasses and the dam Nazis charge for refills, one would think we'll ill drink water but it's the same thing wtf. What's up for a buck boom
5	Great food and atmosphere.  Very upscale and friendly.  Favorite is the kick-ass filet for dinner.  Great lunch specials too.
5	This is by far the nicest place in Charlotte to go as far as a men's club. They have a nice breakfast which is actually pretty good after 2 a.m. The girls for the majority are good looking. The ambiance is very nice and the complimentary valet is nice! I def recommend this place.
5	Brought a group of my good friends over for a bachelorette party and we had an amazing time! The bartender Leah was on point all night and kept us having an amazing time! Will DEFINATELY be bak a lot more! Thank you!DJ EVO
5	I came to The Men's Club of Charlotte with DJ Evo and some friends. We had a great time. Leah was our Bartender. She was excellent and helpful with recommending some great drinks. Had a great time.
3	Eff
