1	Nice on the inside but employees and other customers are not pleasant. Recommend staying away.
3	Typical Mcdonald's, food always tastes the same, people are always friendly, and drive thru is always fast.  French fries have been fresh almost every time too. Love the sausage egg mcmuffins.
4	Pretty simple to make my kids happy with the consistent goodness off a couple hot cakes in the morning. Thanks Ronald!
2	McDonald's has the best diet coke hands down! Other then that I really try to avoid the food. I do appreciate the fact that all Phoenix McDonald's have beat regulation to the punch and started posting all the calorie counts for food on their menus. Now you can more easily make an educated decision on your food choices.
1	This McDonalds is one of the worst I have ever been to. There are always transients outside begging for money. Many of them approach you at your car or follow you out of the building. The food is decent but the line is always long. The staff has little common sense. They refuse to give you a drink cup after you have paid and make you wait until your food is ready. This is especially inconvenient because of the terrible drink station layout with no where to put your food. Also don't bother asking for a free cup of water. They give you a cup which is smaller than what you get in a kids meal. Avoid this McDonald's at every opportunity!
3	Ok, Ed's gonna get after me 'cause I went to a McDonalds.  But I was thirsty from dinner and wanted to try the Holiday Mint McFlurry.  It wasn't as good as I'd hoped.  It was just their basic vanilla soft serve with a dash of mint flavoring and some red and green chocolate chips mixed in enough to be bit sized.  It wasn't creamy.  It was too thick to drink.  And it was really chewy.  I wish I'd left the Filipino restaurant in time to make it to Ritas Custard instead.  Then at least I'd have the creamy goodness of Frozen Custard.  I have to say the young man who served me was excellent, though.  I didn't get his name and it wasn't on the receipt, unless "KS#3" was him.  He greeted me nicely as I walked in, answered my questions, took my order, made my drink, acknowledged the customers waiting behind me, and even checked with me twice while I was sitting if I was happy with the drink.  Pretty good service for a $2 drink.  I think this kid will go far.  He's the reason I'm giving the place three stars instead of two.Overall everything was pretty clean, too.
1	I drive out of my way so I dont go to this Mcdonalds! How can you seriously get the same order wrong 5 times. A manager was yelling and very unprofessional with a new and training employee. It's dirty and BAD SERVICE
3	I'm guilty of eating at this place a time or two before but this time it was lucky enough to be full from lunch & meeting a colleague to handle business. Families-it's got a playground for ya. It's always looked a little rundown (to me) so I can only assume that's why they're doing a renovation. No drive thru for the time being so if your in a hurry skip to the next one. There is access tho on the north side so if this is your jam good luck on parking. I'm sure I'll post another review after the renovation is complete. Food wise.....well it's McDonalds, eat at your own risk, hahahaha
5	After working in this area for a long time coming to this McDonalds used to be kind of scary. You didn't want to venture to the doors because of the bums that hung around outside begging for food or money. But today as I am sitting here I can honestly say WOW they did an amazing job on the remodel. They even took away the outdoor section where the bums used to be. The manager is walking around asking how everyone is and that's a great thing! Give this McDonald's another shot guys!
4	Love McDonald's Ice Coffee drinks.
