4	I'm generally not a fan of restaurant chains--more of a local ingredients gal--however, Chili's is a solid, comforting option on long workdays or to meet up with pals. The margaritas, presidente and chambord 1800, are soothing escapes. The fajitas, in their sizzly goodness, are a tasty way to fill your belly. And, of course, the soup and salad combo (at around $6) cannot be beat with a giant stick. Chicken enchilada soup paired with a house salad with guacamole ranch. Seriously, mmm. Second fave is the black bean burger . . . wait, the tilapia . . . no, the buffalo salad. You feel me. The key reason for my review is to commend Danielle at the takeout counter. When I called, she was polite, thorough and charming. I was even more impressed how she handled the order, specifically that she double checked the to-go bag for all the dressings, utensils and even tortilla shreds (soup garnish). She is a reflection of what service should be, and it was awesome to be reminded that whatever your calling, you should take it to the nth degree. Hop off the 202 and enjoy.
4	We come to Chilis probably once every two months.  The Boneless Buffalo Wings are a must on every visit.  Which I guess is kind of a bummer because we never get the Chips and Queso anymore - also a great choice.If I'm being smart, I'll order the soup and salad as my entree, and then I won't be overly stuffed by the end of the meal.  However, on most occasions, my eyes are bigger than my stomach and I'll order an Oldtimer with Cheese (Chili's cheeseburger) or the Chicken Caesar Pita.  Both sandwiches come with Chili's wonderful french fries, simply seasoned with salt and pepper.  On the very rare occasion, I'll have room for dessert, and Chili's offers these great shot glass desserts that give you just enough of a taste of sweetness.  If you can somehow save room for the Chocolate Molten Cake, DO IT!  Might be worth visiting Chilis JUST for the Chocolate Molten Cake.This particular location has offered consistently friendly service.  As another option, the phone-in/take-out service is easy and convenient.
4	One of the best Chili's in the east valley.   Great waite staff; always good food.   Like the southwest egg rolls; anything chicken; salads.   A step above the other Chili's in the area.    Stop by and have a drink or eat.    You will enjoy.    Generally always places in the bar may have to wait a bit in the dining room.      But it's worth the wait.
3	Hadn't been to Chili's in a while, and was pleasantly surprised. Had a coupon for kids eating free (although that was the only blunder, the waitress had to go back and rerun the receipt). I had shrimp fajitas, which while a little greasier than necessary, were still delicious. Small amounts of accompanying condiments were a little disappointing. Hubby had the fried chicken tacos. As he is the world's most persnickety person, I always brace myself whenever he tries something new. But he raved about them, which was surprising in a good way. The kid's burger was typical and had the added bonus of a wheat bun. The salad they brought her was huge, which was great for parents trying to get the wee one to eat more veggies. All in all, a pleasant experience for a chain.
1	wow what bad service, i pointed to my table not led to the table, waited 10 mins for the waitress..,after she acted like my son & i wasn't even there while other patrons recieved much friendlier/attentive service.., well maybe we were "minorities"
5	Always great food .
1	OK, I don't like to write about franchises because they are all cookie cutter and have standards, but this takes the cake and has to be said.I am a big fan of Chili's until recently.Their new look is a huge upgrade from nasty tiled tables they had which you can see the dirt in the grout making it disgusting to eat off of to the new contemporary clean look.So the story goes: I don't like their small changes to the menu, removing some of the items such as all the pitas was a huge disappointment IMO.The quality of the staff has gone down hill quite a bit for the past few months here. As I walk in they seem to really push for eating in the bar area as to opposed to the dining. Even with kids as families walk in they push for the bar area. Probably not the best atmosphere to little Susie or Mikey to hang around a bunch of screaming drunks yelling at 2 week old sports games.Upon my arrival I was greeted nicely, pushed for seating in the dining area and it was not to busy...the host said 10 - 15 minute wait, I asked if he needed my name and he said "No". This got me worried that as more parties arrive that i would be forgotten. Almost premonition I guess. 30 minutes roll by. So enough we just decide to go into the bar area. Only seats available are in the corners. So I choose the highest traffic area. We sit...and wait...5 minutes...still no drinks. A group of girls enter and sit at the other corner. We try to flag down a waitress who at the bar seems to be laughing and talking...but not to guests...to fellow bartenders. This is why I don't like sitting in the bar in restaurants. low staffed and low quality unless your actually at the bar benches. After being distracted with a light conversation with my wife, I look over and notice that the girls that sat down after us already have drinks. This was the last straw, got up and left. I was tempted to reach out the manager but was to hungry as 50 minutes passed by.  Overall: I will not be going to Chili's any time soon as we used to be weekly patrons of the the establishment. They changed the look for a nice quality experience but fail to deliver on the experience.
5	I love this Chili's and the service I receive here.  Presidente Margaritas are always solid.
2	Was at the chilis for over 2 hours and nothing seemed to go as planned. Everything thing took 2 times longer than need. The wrong flat bread was brought out, and the French fries were never brought out. The food was cold and we were over charged for the fajitas. Been here before and it's always hit or miss, but this goes down as the worse experience. Nothing was comped which after that many mistakes you would think something would have been comped. Will never return.
4	The chips and salsa are amazing and are a must. Queso is delicious as well. The food is reasonably priced and the recent remodel did wonders for the restaurant. The people here are pretty friendly and accommodating. The hamburger here is usually a good choice.
4	My girl and i walked into Chili's thinking it was applebee's .....lol.I had their new chicken avocado on a pretzel roll sandwich .VERY TASTEY !  check it out.Good service...
5	I've noticed that they don't serve on the menu the Shiner Bock Burger. (Goes out to all Chilis!) Omg that was so good! Bring back Shiner Bock Burger! So I ordered the Steak Fajitas instead and it was amazing! It just melts in your mouth with the tortilla.I forgot what the drinks are called but must try! Alcohol trio. Sweet for my taste!
5	Walked in on a Friday night and got sat right away. It's wasn't crazy busy like every other place so that's a plus. Service here is really nice and attentive. They have their new kiosk where you're able to order a few selected items off their menu and you can pay your bill on it too. VERY convenient if your server ever got really busy and you were in a hurry to leave. My boyfriend did have an issue with their 6 oz steak, for some reason this one was a bit chewy but our server apologized and without any hesitation took the whole plate and suggested we try it again. They cooked it on the fly and was out in literally 5 minutes and the steak was 100% better and the broccoli and mashed potatoes were amazing. Don't be discouraged with their steaks the server explained that they are one of the most popular items and if it's chewy then you probably were just one of the unfortunate ones that got a bad part of the cut.
3	It's been a while and it will be a while again. The service is good but I just don't dig the food as it is pretty mediocre at best bar food. I did have a watermelon cooler alcoholic beverage that was really tasty. Then had the queso dip and that is always pretty good. Then we had the combo appetizer platter and it tastes like everything was microwaved; the chicken crispers were soggy not crispy, the mini sliders were just ok and the potato skins were dry. We did finish with the warm cookie skillet for dessert and that was very good. Overall, if you are looking for blah bar food, chilies is ok bit really, there is better out there.
1	I had not been to Chili's in a couple months and decided to stop in for some lunch. My father and I did the 2 for $20 and we both got chicken fajitas, we have been going to Chili's for awhile and we always order the fajitas because they USED to be so good! When they came out they were drenched in some garlic sauce which I was not aware about so my father and I asked if they could take it back and not have the sauce and they were happy to do so. When they returned my fajitas looked good until I started to eat them. They smelled like CIGARETTES! They left my hands smelling like cigarettes and even my dad could smell it. I'm 19 and I have never smoked so there would be no reason for me to smell like that. I asked for something else because I can not stand the smell of cigarettes and the waiter was getting annoyed with me. I ordered chicken and fries and it came with corn on the cob and when that came out the bottom of the plate along with the corn was drenched in garlic sauce. I am so disappointing and I will never return to Chili's.
4	We went here on a Saturday at 12pm for lunch for a party of 3.  There was no wait and our table was clean.  Our server was really pleasant.I had the mini hamburgers, and they were delicious.  As a small person, I hate giant cheeseburgers that are hard for me to bite into, so these were great!  They also came with fries which were yummy as usual.  Our drinks were always refilled promptly.  One of my family members had a beer, and it was huge!  Be forewarned.   Bathrooms were fairly clean, but not great.  Over all, I would say this place is pretty standard for a Chili's, but it gets an extra star from me for the extra good service and food when I visited.
1	Well, I walked in and two women were waiting to be seated so the hostess sat them first. By the time the hostess returned, two more women had arrived. The hostess ignored me and sat the other women before me. When she came back from seating the other two women, I was finally acknowledged with a "hi. You're waiting for others to join you, right?" To which I said no and she sat me.My server was awesome, but the food took forever to come out of the kitchen. The restaurant wasn't that busy, so I don't know why I had to wait more then 20 minutes for my entree (which was a simple turkey burger).This has been a very disappointing experience.
5	This is one of my husband and I favorite restaurants. Always good service and good food! We love the boneless buffalo wings
1	Worst Chili's we have been to.  We tried a sirloin steak meal and chicken fajitas. The food was just down-right gross.  The steak was the worst ever and the chicken for the fajtas tasted like they microwaved some frozen chicken product from Sam's Club.  To top it off, the service was just as bad as the food.
1	Worst Chilies ever. Yes...it's true. At first I read these reviews and thought, " geez it can't be that bad." Then I experienced the worst chilies I had ever been to. All the waitresses seemed rushed and confused. There was a politeness, but just seemed very rushed. Then we waited 40 mins for our food. Once it came I asked for some onions....I got the box and check before I ever got the onions. No apologies from the waitress, it took calling the manager over to get an apology. To top it off, the food made my wife sick last night. Won't be returning to this location.
2	The food was okay. The pork ribs tasted like they were sitting around for a while. The steak and burgers were good. I love their chips and salsa. They have these video devices on every table. You can buy games for $.99 each, great for kids if you don't want to teach them to interact with those you are dining with. You can swipe through the menu on this device but there were four of us so we used the actual menus given us. You can also pay for your bill with this device which is convenient. The hostess explained all this to us. We wanted this thing off our table and the hostess said we had have it on the table. What?! I removed it and then she said, oh I guess you don't want this but we really don't have any other place for it. Well the shelf behind us worked just fine. The floor would have been my next option. :) When it came time to pay the bill we computed the tip in our heads, 20% but the device gave us a different amount for 20%, a dollar and change more. I took out my handy dandy phone calculator and yes our figure was correct and not the device. Why I have no idea. Maybe they want you to tip the tax.  Chili's stick to better food and stop trying to make a few extra dollars on these gimmicks. We probably won't consider Chili's the next time we want to dine out. Not with all the other places we can go.
4	Either Chili's has upped their game, or I was exceptionally hungry after a long day of riding quads out on the trails.   It must have been at least seven years since my last visit to a Chili's, and my overall impression at that time was "meh".  Today our defenses were down, and we were looking for a place that was somewhat quick and somewhat inexpensive; Chili's is close to home, so after a round of showers we headed over.With hunger levels high, we ordered the fresh tableside guacamole/salsa and spinach artichoke dip to get started. The menu highlighted their "fresh guacamole, prepared at your table, customized by you" with a list of add-ins you could choose from; what we got was a big platter of fresh, hot chips, a big bowl of tasty-if-not-customized guac, and pretty decent salsa.  We were a bit confused, but in our peckish state did not  consider fussing.Also ordered by our table of four were the Big Mouth Bites (sliders), chicken and steak fajitas, the chipotle chicken bowl, and a Pick Two combo of salmon and shrimp.  The consensus was the food was well prepared, well seasoned, and generally tasty.
1	Not sure what is going on at this location as it's gone from decent to terrible within the past year. We have lived here for 6 years now and have frequented this location hundreds of times. I have always like chili's so after having one bad experience after the next, I am finally done! The service has been terribly slow, the food has gotten really bad. On our last two visits during lunch (not busy either time) we waited over 40 minutes for our food. On both occasions the food was cold! The server apologized as she even said we shouldn't have to wait that long. She told us she was going to send the manager over. He offered to get is something else. Why would I want to wait another 40 minutes. Then he doesn't offer anything. Really?? Worst Chili's ever! Don't waste your time and money here!
4	Service has always been good. Food experience is sporadic, meaning it goes from ok to fair most of the time. Not overly impressed it's not the chili's of old. When their roots began with the trelingua tx chili cook off. The experience is fair at best and very seldom bad. Just not any thing more for me than a bar with fast food.
5	Always get great service here with exceptional food!! And their margaritas are delicious. Their happy hour specials on food makes the bill not so scary when you get it!All in all, a great place to have a girls night out or a family night.
4	I like this place however do not get this cajun chicken pasta, they need to take it off the menu.
