5	Karl's is awesome, so happy they have relocated And reopened.  Favs are the alligator (large pecan Danish) and raspberry cream cheese muffins-  welcome back Karl's!
5	Karl's Bakery is, bar none, the finest bakery in the valley.First of all Karl, Stephanie (or is it Stefanie, forgive me for spelling it wrong if I did!), and Christine are all the kindest bakers I have ever met.  They love spoiling their customers and treat us so well.  They give my kids cookies, and Karl gives of chocolate strawberries from time to time; they are a wonderful family.Second, the quality of the food is amazing.  No shortcuts are taken and they put in a lot of effort into everything they make.  Their donuts are sublime (my favorite is the chocolate cake), Their carrot cake is the best I have had, OMG the coconut macaroons... you must try them, and the chocolates... Oh man...Christine is a classically trained chocolatier.  She currently is busy running the bakery and training new staff so that aspect of the business isn't quite running yet, but when it is they will be some of the best chocolates in the United States.  Her product rivals the best chocolates from the best makers in New York, San Francisco, and Boston.Long story short you owe it to yourself to come visit Karl's.You owe it to our community to make sure this business stays around.In an age where small, high quality shops are hard to come by, Karl's bakery is a family owned business that provides a better product, at a competitive price.  This local treasure deserves our patronage more than any other I can think of.
5	I visited the previous location many times.  This was the first time I had been to the new location.  Maybe because it's larger, I was able to see their full variety of baked goods.  Impressive.  I can't wait to try their bread on one of my future visits!  ANYWAY...I had stopped in to get a treat for my husband.  I have to say that I had the best cupcake in the valley (and I've been here since 1984).  I've been trying cupcakes at over a dozen places that have popped up in the last few years.  Today's cupcake was the best by far.  I've had their cookies, cakes, and pies.  I was impressed today with the quality and freshness. Their icing was more creamy and buttery than another icing I've EVER had.
5	Wow!  What a great place!  Heard about them from a lady we carpool with and decided to check them out.  Great food and great prices!  Be sure to try the bran muffins.  I also tried some kind of almond cookie that was amazing!
2	I want to like this place, really I do. But I just haven't found a reason to.  I have been here several times, both at their 7th Ave site and now at their new location, each time I have found it to be lacking. Last weekend I stopped in for a variety of goods, I chose a vanilla cupcake, cookies, cheese danish, almond crescents and some bread. I found the cupcake to be fairly moist inside but it sorely lacked any flavor. As for the icing, it was plain horrible, who uses lard in their icing anymore, it was dense, heavy and very greasy, and it to, lacked any sort of flavor, I ended up throwing it away. The cookies were "okay" nothing special. The bread tasted day old, not what I would expect from a bakery, the cheese danish was good. The almond crescents were to small for the price and to hard. This morning I resisted the urge (my mistake) to go to Rainbow donuts and thought I would give Karls another try, again a mistake. I don't think as far as donuts go, that they really have that big of selection, not for a bakery. And don't even get me started on the Cronuts, or should I say their version of the Cronut, what an absolute joke. I can't believe they are passing these off as a Cronut's, Karl you should be ashamed of yourself, nothing at all like the real thing.I'm not sure where some of these reviews are coming from, this certainly isn't a "to die for" bakery or a place that offers the best in town. I think people like the idea of a family owned bakery and want something so bad, that they will accept anything different from a store brand, even this. My advice, skip it, you're not missing anything.
5	I consider myself a pretty regular donut connoisseur and I had never been to Karls. I was really impressed by the donuts here. If you are used to eating a Dunkin or Rainbow then this will blow your socks off. The donuts are more dense and, well, are what a donut should be! The Kronuts are phenomenal! Very well done...the pastry is just right. For good measure I also tried a Danish and it didn't disappoint either. I highly recommend going here. The one thing I could recommend is having some seating outside. Will return for sure!!!
5	My  family has been shopping at Karl`s Bakery for ten years.  My entire family loves the place.  Everything on their menu is first class.  We are so pleased that they have at long last re-opened.  How we missed the place during the time they were closed. Glad to have you back.  The place looks great and the food is just delicious.  Nancy W.
5	An amazing bakery and chocolate shop.   I've tried many of their baked goods and always enjoyed them.   I'm surprised no one has mentioned Christine's amazing chocolate creations.   I am a very hard to please chocolate connoisseur and this lady knocks my socks off.  They're such great gifts, but very hard to give away!  She makes a hot cocoa that is utter perfection and one taste of her cappuccino or lattes and you'll never want to go anywhere else. Don't waste your time with grocery store junk,  and mass produced staleness.  Go to Karl's.  You won't be sorry!
5	Oh Karl's!  Your daughter is awesome. The Baker's Daughter runs the place now, at their new location on Central just south of Dunlap.  Excellent and efficient flow of addressing customers.  The in-door puts you in line at the counter, you make your way down the case, choosing your items and pay at the end, exiting a second door.  I got way too much but all my favorites, since I was visiting.  small fruit torte, almond horns, cream puffs, streudel, and had to try a kronut.  I have had one before, just not from Karl's and now I see why for the stellar kronut reputation.  Lemon Basil kronut is amazing!  There are other flavors but this was the one I tried.  True European bakery, and I make a point to stop in when in town.
5	I rate this a big 5! Very friendly always! Love the family and the people who work here. They are always friendly no matter what time you do come in :D I have been early I have been late and they always have a smile on their face and are more than willing to help if I have any questions. The food! Everything is delish my favorites were the apple fritters well I am sorry found a new favorite...shocking to everyone I know~!  But new favorite is the chocolate croissant! This melts in your mouth and the chocolate brings it over the top good! Great to have with coffee or even milk. Makes me run and go get one. Also if you love boston creme they have the best as well! The new place is bigger than the old one but it is beautiful! Miss the old one for old memories with my family going there but there will be new memories going there with hubby and I. But anyways they have the best food there is nothing you can pick which is bad. I truly mean that everything is very very good! So definitely bring out of town guests here or friends and family! :D
5	Karl's is excellent for pastries and breads, and their offerings are priced reasonably well. Every time someone has a birthday in my family, I make sure to drop off a box of baked goods from Karl's. They've got a great selection of pastries, donuts, tarts, cupcakes, cookies and cakes. I especially appreciate the fact that despite being indecisive due to the large selection of sweets, the folks behind the counter are always friendly and accommodating. Support this local bakery. We have so many chain restaurants and shops here in Phoenix, it's nice to see a good, quality bakery like Karl's thriving.
5	The donuts and muffins are delicious and always a hit. Pick up a dozen for friends and family, then treat yourself to an Apple Fritter. It is seriously the most delicious apple fritter I have ever eaten (and I LOVE me some Apple Fritters). Perfectly crispy/moist/sweet in all the right ways. Definitely recommend :)
5	I've come to notice that donuts are my breakfast of choice, breakfast of champions, and breakfast of heartache. You can imagine my delight when Karl's Quality Bakery opened right down the street from my lover's cottage - currently, these donuts are for the champions breakfast! Anyway, all I can say is, "WOW!" This place is the cat's meow. Their plain cake donut is quite possibly the best creation known to man. Okay, is that a little too boring? No worries, their selection of pastries will knock your socks off! The shelf is always full and you KNOW the sweets are fresh. I have to admit (for my own sanity), I had two donuts this morning with a free donut sample. What can I say, I'm addicted to Karl's sweet tooth fairy! Highly recommend this place. Happy sweets everybody.
5	First off, A+ for having awesome hours. We decided we wanted some fresh bread for dinner later in the afternoon and were happy to see that Karl's stays open until 8pm on most days. Many other bakeries are done by lunch time. The staff was friendly and helpful with picking out what bread would go best with our meal and sliced it for us before taking it home. Even though we were just there for bread, we grabbed a couple of sweets because they looked THAT good. She even threw in a couple of extra cookies. As for taste, you can tell that Karl's uses quality ingredients and bakes from scratch. We have a pastry chef in the family so we are wise to some of the tricks bigger bakeries use that end up compromise quality. Not so here. I'm looking forward to walking there and picking up some morning goodies one of these weekends.
5	We had a party at a country club last Sunday. I did a search of bakeries in Phoenix and Scottsdale and could not find one that offered delicious baked goods as well as decent pricing. A friend of my daughter's suggested Karl's.......yes, this suggestion was the solution to my problem! Stephanie was so easy to work with. She was able to guide me in deciding how much cake we needed for 100 plus people. She was able to customize cookies in the shapes of butterflies and flowers with my granddaughters' names on them All of the baked goods were fresh and delicious......no hint of the waxy icings you normally find on supermarket cakes. We also had chocolate covered strawberries....EXCELLENT! The prices were very fair for the quality of the baked goods.Thanks for making this aspect of our party so easy, Stephanie!!!!!
5	Great European style bakery PLUS Kronuts which are amazing. They don't do the Pizza any more which I loved because the bread was so good but the place obviously is still great.
2	Horribly disappointed after the rave reviews here. Tried a mix of pastries. The pumpkin kronut had an overwhelming clove/allspice (not sure which exactly as I spit it out quickly) flavor. It was nasty. The bear claw filling had zero flavor. I mean none. Chocolate glazed donut was okay. The regular glazed donut was wonderful with more heft than what I've had before. The coconut macaroons were very good also. The cream puff was good but not great, as was the chocolate eclair. The only things I would go back for are the glazed donuts and macaroons.
4	come try their cronuts asap!!! will definitely be back next time i'm in the area.
3	On yelp it says that this establishment is open on Sundays and when I drove down there, it is certainly not...the sign on the door says closed Sundays so readers be aware. Booooooo!Otherwise we like this place. Good baked goods.
