3	Within the park exists the Historical Plantation, the Equestrian center, the Nature Preserve and the Carolina Raptor Center.  This is a very pretty park preserve with lots of walking and riding (horses, bikes and I did see some segways as well, yeesh) trails.  So there's plenty of stuff to do.  Many of them lead to the various overlooks and launch points into Mountain Island lake, where it seems folks enjoy canoeing and water skiing, and a few rogue kids were wading.  There are some picnic tables and picnic-table-like rocks that you can set down and enjoy a snack on.  It's a relatively small preserve operated by Meck county, so it's not nearly the adventure you'd enjoy driving out to the woods woods but if you've got kids or horses or something or you just don't feel like driving the almost three hours to get out there, this is a nice natural break from the ordinary.
3	Stopped here while visiting from out of town on a clear chilly day. It was Beautiful and the snow covered ground was neat! It appears to have some history here along with a lake, raptor museum etc and other things we didn't get to explore.
4	I've been dying to go on a hike but didn't know where to go since I'm relatively new to the area. A couple of people recommended checking out Latta Plantation Nature Preserve, so this morning I woke up, slapped on my hiking gear and headed out to check out the trails.There is a total of fourteen miles of trail at the park, and most of them take you through some scenic areas, whether it be within the forest or alongside a huge field. There are at least ten different trails to choose from, and they are made for hiking as well as horseback riding. That being said, as a hiker you'll have to balance between taking in the scenery and watching where you step, as you will come across plenty of piles of horse...droppings. My only real complaint is that the trails are a bit confusing at times. There were at least two intersections I came across that weren't clearly marked, and I ended up turning where I didn't want to or totally missing the turn I was looking for. The map I was given at the Nature Center (where you park the car) wasn't much help at all, as the map was in black and white, but the trails are color coded. Yeah, not much help at all.Still, I'll put up with being a bit lost. If anything it leads to a grand adventure in the outdoors. I'll definitely be back the next time I get a chance to go hiking, as it's pretty darn close to my apartment. I just hope they have some colored maps next time I go.
5	Living in the burbs and spending most of my time in the city, I always look and seek out some natural green space now and then.  Running on the greenways are great, but it is rare to have a good amount of land dedicated to nature and activities.  Latta Plantation Park is not only home to the Carolina Raptor Center, but also has a number of horse trails (you can use for running and hiking as well) and access to Mountain Island Lake for water activities.I came here for an open water swimming event (NOTE:  there is no swimming in the lake unless it is a sanctioned event).  It was strange getting into the water right were a big "NO SWIMMING" warning sign was posted.  The no swimming rule is probably due to the way the lake was formed and Duke Energy's involvement, but the rules are the rules.  There are plenty of houses that dot the perimeter with docks and watercraft.The park facilities are well kept and there is a good sense of trying not to interfere too much with nature.
5	Beautiful park in the Charlotte area. Great for hiking or running on the trails, you can canoe in the lake, fish if you have a license, you can bike here,  have a picnic, go horseback riding, visit the Raptor center there is plenty to do here. Plus you have to visit the Plantation itself very nice.  I can't wait to comeback here.
5	Be attentive on the trails or you might just step in a pile of horse poo. Yes, you share the trails with horseback riders. This is one of the only trails that allow horse riding. There is an equestrian center and parking for trailers available.The lake is beautiful and prehistoric fish have been spotted in there which grow up to 6 feet in length with razor sharp teeth...so don't fall in for fear of being eaten...not really, but I let my imagination get the better of me. There are many things for all family members. Picnic areas, wide trails, the Rapor Center, the Historic Latta Plantation, etc. During the warmer weather, you can rent canoes or kayaks. Yay for nature and a lot of it at Latta Plantation Park!
5	I hiked here with my dog the other day and fell in love. It's true what they say about the horses though, you have to be careful where you walk! We hiked through there for about an hour taking our time and never came across anyone riding horses and barely came across people. We were there super early though so that may have been the reason. Now that I have discovered this park I will be here all the time, a great place to get away from the 'city'.
4	Great place for hiking - the trails are pretty clear and there are lots of them! Only wish there were bathroom facilities near the entrance to the trails. Also, the raptor center is pretty cool - took my son a couple of years ago and will be taking him again this year now that he's a little older. Other than that, haven't really done any of the tours or horseback riding, but a great place for an outing with the kids!
4	I definitely learned alot about the south here. Really glad we spent a few hours here.  Makes you appreciate modern times.
4	Very cool family trip not a lot of activities and the costumed employees acted  like we were actually bothering them. Never the less it was fun and my daughter liked it
