5	Great service!
5	Excellent service. Customizations are second to none. Highly recommended! Especially if you want to make your iPhone truly original.
5	Fast service! iPhone users check here first before you count you give up on your phone! They replaced the screen for $96.
1	Terrible terrible terrible; those who gave 5 stars must have had someone different or wrote their review immediately after they got their phone back. Yes, the phone looks great, they have pretty colors, fix it pretty fast, but that's it. 1) the guy who "fixed" my phone, broke my iphone's camera. I had to take it to uBreakiFix to get a new camera installed which cost ~$60. 2) The receiver dislodged and has fallen into my phone somewhere. 3) When I took it to the new kiosk at Carolina Place, the guy there (much smarter, knew what he was talking about- go there if you must) told me that he couldn't even look at the phone because the back piece had the Apple logo and such on it, and they weren't even authorized to put those on the phones. So wtf did this guy put on my phone? 4) On top of that, he never emailed me my receipt so there's really nothing I can do about any of this. Ever since I took my phone to get "fixed", the functionality of my phone has declined immensely and because I had a 3rd party work on it, my insurance was voided, so now I'm stuck with a pretty iPhone that doesn't work.Get your phone fixed the right way if it's broken, get a case if you want it to look pretty.
5	Megan hi, I'm the GM for fliPhones at South Park. I am very sorry you didn't get the customer service you deserved, we always replace/repair anything we mess up on a phone. I do recall us being out if the back camera and we told you that we would replace it, we get very busy and sorry if we didn't get around to calling you. We would love to continue having your business and I will take care of you the next time you come in. If there is still an issue with your phone please bring it in and I will personally fix it no charge. : ) thanks!
5	In light of the options I had available to me, I was thrilled with having FliPhones get me sorted out. My iPhone 5 stopped charging completely and I was out of warranty by two months and not eligible for a phone upgrade for another 10 months....was looking as if I'd have to pay the full retail price for my phone....For $49, the young guy at FliPhone replaced the charger port within 20 minutes and I was back on my way. He was friendly, efficient and he seemed quite legit. Phone is working perfectly. No complaints from me at all.
5	Great staff. Very knowledgeable and friendly and trustworthy. Gets whatever you need or want done fast. Looks amazing and you'd never know it's not true 100% factory. I'd recommend this place to anyone
