5	Great place to grab dinner for the kids when your in a hurry and don't feel like cooking dinner!$5 Hot-N-Ready ALL DAY, EVERY DAY!  But I must give a fair warning...the Crazy Bread is extremely addicting!  I always have to buy 2 bags, one for the kids and one for myself on the drive home!
4	Haven't had pizza in a while so I tore up their new sicilian pizza & the jalapeno cheesy bread. The pizza & cheesy bread was good. My taste buds weren't disappointed. FYI- you can't order additional toppings on the sicilian pizza quite yet. kinda weird, I didn't think that it would be such a problem to figure out away around the cash register pre programmed buttons but I guess the guy who thinks out of the box must have been busy when they decided to come out with the sicilian pizza........
5	They messed up one of two pizza pizzas I ordered on what I am pretty sure was super bowl sunday. They made me a completely new order and threw in breadsticks for the inconvenience. And I got to keep the other pizza pizzas. So I got 4 pizza pizzas and breadsticks for the price of 2 pizza pizzas. It wad a good day. I gave the extra pizza pizza away to a couple of struggling homeless men I encountered on the drive home. I'm not gonna waste a pizza pizza, but i'm also not gonna eat olives. Anyway the pizza pizza is awesome and the service is excellent and friendly and fast and it's cheap. Apparently there was some sports on tv that day too. Home run!
5	Yup, I'm writing a review on a CHAIN pizza joint and giving it 5 STARS INDEED! This location totally deserves 5 stars! They are super fast, super friendly and they make things right if anything ever goes wrong, which is rare. Oh, and the pizza is delicious. I ordered 3 large pizzas to feed my friends who were helping us move and everyone raved at how great it tasted. They said, "THIS is Little Caesar's?" They weren't just being nice, they were genuinely surprised at how tasty the 3 different pizzas were that we ordered.Just go there over lunch and you'll see how busy this location is- it's because they're doing things right! They have great lunch specials too- way cheaper than Barro's.
5	Oh Little Caesar's.. What to say about you? One would think not to have high expectations from a $5 pizza, but I've yet to be disappointed by them! The pizza tastes wonderful, and the breadsticks even better!
