4	Though there are many other Sumits Yoga studios around the country, this particular studio is brand new to Vegas. I found them through the Groupon they offered for 20 classes for $35 and it was too good of a deal to pass up. I've been to 6 classes so far, so I thought it'd be time to write a review!I can't vouch for how this studio compares to other Bikram/hot yoga studios in Vegas, but I've done hot yoga before in San Diego and I loved it. This studio is located in the Village Square shopping center, near Bachi Burger (its so hard to not want to eat there afterwards!). Right now they only offer one class, which is a mix of Vinyasa and Bikram. It involves several flows, and the pace is perfect. The 80 minutes fly right by! The class is great for everyone, from the yoga newbie to the advanced. I consider myself beginner/intermediate, and I'm able to go into all the poses just fine. I am nowhere close to being able to do a headstand, or any of those intense balancing poses on your arms, and there is no pressure to do so. All of the instructors are great and so nice, and they're all consistent since it is only one type of class.And yes, it is hot yoga, so it is done in a heated humidified room. I want to say the temp is in the 90s. I personally find the heat relaxing, and between series/flows they will open the doors and let the room cool down. They also play music! For the harder flows, they mostly play Top 40, which I don't really care for, but it's upbeat and will give you that surge of energy to get through it.I like it because since they are new, the classes aren't crowded (to the point where someone else's sweat is dripping on you). They offer 3-4 classes a day, depending on the day of the week, but be sure to check the schedule online first because it can change! Also, don't try coming more than 15 minutes before a class (like I did the first time), because the studio is closed between classes and you'll get stuck wondering if you're at the right place.I'm sure once they are well on their feet, they will start offering more classes, which is why I can't give them 5 stars yet.They offer great specials for new members, but to commit is a big expense that I'll have to think about. I really do enjoy it, and I highly recommend that everyone check it out! It's a great workout you won't regret!
4	I purchased a 2-week membership for $20 earlier this month. I went to this yoga studio about 3 times. I found the studio itself very clean and the staff very friendly. The studio has a changing area to leave your car keys and a shower area. Although I enjoyed the studio, I don't plan on returning. I didn't feel like it gave me a decent work out, which is what I was hoping for. After some digging around, I found many articles claiming hot yoga burns equally as many calories as regular yoga but you can be left dehydrated. I think I will stick to regular yoga and the standard card LVAC workouts.
4	I've been to Sumits three times now. It isn't as strenuous as a traditional bikram yoga class but if you're looking for a good balance between yoga and relaxation, this is the place to go. The studio itself is really nice. It's in Village Square (Ft. Apache and Sahara), the same complex as Settebello and Bachi Burger (both, yumm). The lobby is big and holds a little vending area where you can buy water, towels and yoga clothes. The bathroom (generally a deal breaker at many training facilities because, often times, they don't have showers) is big enough for the number of people in any given class: two toilet stalls, three showers, and a double sink. Very clean. The yoga studio is big and I've never felt like my personal space was being invaded by other students. The teachers (I've had two) are excellent. Lisa, especially, is just awesome. She takes time to make sure you're doing the positions correctly. She ends her classes with some words of empowerment (today was to listen to others. Really listen...you had to be there, but it was good mantra.). The only downside to this studio is, although they have classes every day of the week, the times offered are limited. If you're thinking about getting into hot yoga, I would recommend Sumits.
5	I am a true believer in hot yoga and have fallen in love with Sumits hot, yet clean rooms and difficult, but music filled flows. This new studio is exactly what I expected and more! I tried Jami Hill's class while visiting over the holidays and was not disappointed! All novice yogis to experts will enjoy a class here!
3	I bought a groupon to try this studio and style of yoga because my friend, Dray Gardner, is one of the instructors.  This style of yoga is challenging but a lot of fun. Dray is an amazing instructor.  I'd highly reccomend taking a class with him.  The studio is very nice looking, but there are several things about it that made me not want to purchase more classes once my groupon expired.First off, the locker rooms have no lockers.  All they offer are a few little unsecured cupboards for your belongings.  The shower curtain hooks are terrible because they're too small for the rod, thus the curtain doesn't easily glide open and close.The studio has one large classroom that features three walls lined with mirrors, which is essential to yoga practice.  Typically, yoga studios have two mirrors, but three makes it a lot nicer.  Now, the biggest problem I have with the classroom is the floor.  It's laminate.  I understand that laminate floors are easy to clean, but topped with sweat and high humidity, it's extremely dangerous.  Before the start of my first class, Dray slipped and nearly fell as he walked into class.  The floor is starting to peel back in the back left corner.All in all, Sumits style yoga is wonderful.  This studio just needs to reconsider some functionalities before I would consider returning.
3	I have been practicing hot yoga for nearly 9 months and am new to Vegas. I had tried a Sumits studio in Arizona so knew what to expect from a flow perspective. It's good, especially for those just getting started or looking for a place less intimidating than a Bikram studio. I bought a Groupon which I felt was a great way to test out this studio in Village Square. The seasoned instructors are all great (Dray, Lisa, Jill) and teach wonderful classes with excellent mantras at the conclusion. My reason for less stars here is hinged on the following issues:1) the laminate floor in the studio- like a previous reviewer mentioned, it's not safe for sweaty people or instructors 2) the women's locker room- no hooks to hang jackets and clothes on, a back door to the alley that just made me feel like my stuff could disappear in a split second, and my biggest gripe is that there isn't a screen or divider blocking the changing area. When the locker room door opens anyone in the hallway can see you in all your glory!3) The owners or management have decided to support an animal charity, which is admirable. I have rescued two myself, but I don't bring them to yoga with me. Is that acceptable? It's a turnoff walking in for 7pm class and the studio smells like a mix of steam and dog because their rescues are hanging out at the front desk. I've even watched the dogs wander into the studio and start licking someone who was in savasana before class, and listened to them barking during our class last evening. To me, it's just not the way you run a professional place of business. I want to like this place and continue my practice here but I'm not sure I will if they don't make some little improvements.
2	The studio is a fairly good space, however, the floor is like taking yoga on concrete. Then there's the music. I don't have a problem with music, but when it's so loud the instructor is screaming, you can't hear the next move and it's all top 40 hits. It was extremely distracting.  The workout was fairly challenging, but not sure I'd go past the two week special.New floor, fix the broken mirrors on front and side mirror, turn the music down - you can't focus when the music is Loud, the instructor screaming and you can't really enjoy your child's pose due to the floor.
5	I love this place! The instructors are all very good at what they do. The place is always clean and the room does not stink. The floors are cleaned between classes with plenty of airflow I. The other yogis I have encountered there are always very nice and everyone really is just there to relax and stay fit inside and out. The parking is awesome and the temperatures feel just what they should be.  When it comes to instructors I personally prefer Jamis class. I had to try more than 3 different yoga studios to see what type of instructor and class is good for me. Jami is just awesome! I am a thicker girl and she will definitely push you but at the same time respect your limits which I really appreciate! I have tried four of the instructors here and they are all fabulous but she is my go to girl for getting my yoga on! I won't go to any other yoga place in vegas!!
3	New studio, not smelly, and close to my house with a very good flow set. I started going on opening day and absolutely loved it since it wasn't as hot as most of the Bikram studios around town. Then a new manager came in and jacked the heat to 108 and the humidity to 60% creating an environment which makes it impossible to self regulate body temp.at least for me. If you have low metabolism issues and freeze all the time you might like this place. Lisa and Dray are the best instructors. All three of my stars are based solely on the physical space and the location and the two instructors mentioned. Other than the two mentioned the place totally lacks spirituality and I'm talking NONE here. The other instructors are like robots playing a mechanical recording precisely of the moves with absolutely no emotion or inflection whatsoever. Monotone would be an improvement here. This place went from being my best hot yoga experience to the very worst literally overnight. The founder didn't design the studio to be operated at 60+% humidity and the floors are now extremely hazardous and slick as ice. Slipping was not an issue at the designed humidity level of 30%. The studio has been sold to a local owner who apparently has very little business savy. If you like what I've described then hurry on over because unless he has a lot of money to burn then he won't be in business much longer in my opinion. Don't take in anything valuable at all since there is no way to secure your belongings.
5	I have done yoga before but have resisted doing any kind of hot yoga due to people telling me about smelly studios and stinky feet.My girlfriend insisted I try Sumits yoga and I am so glad I did. The studio is super clean and smells great! (And if the music is too loud then you're too old!!!) I have now done 5 classes on the groupon and I already know I will renew and keep coming.I lift weights 3-5 days a week and doing hot yoga has helped my workouts and I feel more relaxed and focused in my every day life. The instructors are super nice and helpful ( especially Jami) and I always feel welcome even though I'm still falling over and grunting in class.If you've never tried yoga this is the place to do it . Thanks Sumits , thanks Jami!!!
5	I bought a Groupon for 10 classes to Sumits Yoga and absolutely loved it.  Some people complained about the wood laminate floor...I actually think it is great because if you've ever been to a Bikram yoga studio where they are required to have carpet, you will really appreciate the floor at Sumits because there is no gross sweaty smell at all.  If you're doing the poses on your mat, you won't slip.  I love the class routine and the music mixed in.  Jami is my favorite instructor...she really pushes you.  The studio is nice and clean with showers and cubbies for your belongings. Would definitely return.
5	Great place! First time I have ever done yoga and I'm hooked!  The instructor was nice. We talked a little before class and she told me what to expect.  The people there were really nice (the instructors and students). After a few classes I talked my sister into going and of course shes hooked too! Super laid back but they will grind you until you "work it!". :) Oh and about the floors. Im glad its whatever material it is. I DON'T want to smell musty rug. But... thats just me.
5	Such a beautiful experience!  I tried this place out using a groupon and absolutely love it!  Very knowledgable, friendly staff. Clean, well appointed studio. I had a great time & plan to go back.
5	Just completed my first class and it was wonderful, challenging and fun. The instructor Randi was great. They are very welcoming of new yogis, all levels of experience, and so are the other members. I highly recommend it!
5	My husband and I took our very 1st hot yoga class a month ago and we got addicted to it! It's a total mind, body and spirit work out! As a student, most of the practice/ poses you do depend on the teacher. Sumits yoga has a lot of awesome teachers! Ruth is one of the best instructors coz she really connects with her students! Jami is phenomenal! Dray is very motivating! Cristin makes it all fun! Amelia is a powerful force! We love Sumits Yoga Vegas!
4	This place is pretty solid. Not busy, good instructors, clean, affordable. For sure wouldn't hesitate signing up for 6-months if I lived in Vegas.
