4	This is a franchise out of California.  They are relatively new to Phoenix.  This store just opened this week.I don't really like yogurt.  But this doesn't taste like yogurt, it tastes like ice cream. I like it. Plus they have some sorbets. It is self serve, priced by weight (including toppings), and you can opt to have a waffle or not (no charge...they subtract the weight of the waffle when they ring you up). Reasonable price per ounce, but if you fill the cup you're looking at about $5 (it's a decent-sized cup).  Lots of toppings to choose from, including M&Ms, nuts, animal crackers, boba, fruit, and a lot more.  Plus a few syrups if you want them (the hot fudge is good, but not so hot it melts the yogurt/sorbet instantly...which is nice).Overall I like it.  Staff seems to be friendly and helpful.
4	It was good. understandably a little crazy being that i went during a sale hour, the employees looked a bit scattered and the only one who seemed to know what she was doing was the girl checking me out (i think her name was like ava or something) i don't know, overall good yogurt and good deal! i would definitely recommend it to a family with kids, great hangout and my daughter loved it when the giant ice cream cone came out (It was their character mascot).
4	Last night was our first visit to Menchie's. My husband and I love Froyo and decided to try a new location. First off - the flavors were great and the yogurt was creamy (not icy like some other competitors). Every flavor we sampled was relish!!The you man that helped us, Adam, was super friendly and gave us a great intro (way to go with customer service)The only reason I did not give them 4 stars was because they had a limited selection of toppings compared to other shoppes  - but the toppings were good qualityWill definitely be visiting Menchies again in the future!
4	I am an unabashed Menchie's fan. Other fro-yo places need not apply. I've tried them and they just don't live up to my Menchie's-level expectations. Their stores are sparkling clean and bright, with white as the predominant color and highlights of fun neon green and fuschia. The minimalist decor keeps the feel modern. I think they usually have about 4-5 machines with two flavors of frozen yogurt each (plus a swirl option), so a decent amount of flavors to choose from. The fro-yo is good... I don't usually get it just on its own but I can imagine it would be good if you did. For me it's all about the toppings - their topping selections are awesome - a variety of fresh fruits, nuts, sprinkles, cereal, gummies, chocolate chips, crumbled candy bars, graham cracker, cake bites... you name it. The spoons are a good size and the containers are easy to get in and out of.Oh, and the sauces!! This location had hot fudge, peanut butter sauce, marshmallow sauce, and caramel. They're in the "fountain" type machines instead of store bought bottles (like some of the other places I've gone to) The employees are very nice - they've been trained on the Menchie's "kool aid" and we've been wished a "smiley day" each time we've visited. The format is the usual fro-yo place format - grab a cup ("bucket" may be a more accurate term) - I actually like getting the waffle cone or waffle divider options out of the little plastic case on the countertop. Then you choose your flavor(s), get the amount of frozen yogurt you'd like, and add your toppings. Once you've got your fro yo all set, they weigh it to determine the price, you pay, and you're golden. The prices are good - mine is usually under $4 (and sometimes under $3), which, when compared with the cost of ice cream treats at other places (Cold Stone, Frost) at $5 or $7 each, it feels like a steal! They also have a loyalty card which gives you $5.00 to spend after a certain dollar amount is spent ($50? I can't remember) and $5.00 to spend in your birthday month.
3	wasn't too bad.  good quality froyo however i thought the place itself was a little too small and the set up wasn't very accommodating for a large crowd.  all in all the froyo was pretty tasty and thats all you can really ask for.
5	Just like Yogurtland.  Good quality toppings and good flavors.  One of the better Fro Yos around.   Location is prime with all the shopping around.  Give it a try.
5	My favorite froyo around!  Great flavors, including great lo carb, and non dairy items. Nice assortment of toppings. Friendliest staff around!  The nutrition and lots of other great info is clearly on the flavors label which is wonderful. I love visiting this place!
5	Loved the set up, loved the cashier, loved the whole experience and especially the FROYO! I like the interesting flavors and the variety of toppings. Only wish they had peanut butter cup topping... Then I might just die! Will be a frequent customer for sure!!!
5	Awesome! This place is so cute and they made balloons for the kids when they asked for one :)
4	This place is pretty good! A lot of yogurt places tend to have chemical tasting flavors, but this place tends to have better flavors. They also have an excellent selection of toppings/ add ins. There is a good mix of nuts, candies, fresh fruits & sauces.I gave it 4 stars because it is pricey. For 2 of us the bill is consistently around $14. I will continue to go there because i like their product, but not as often as i would if it was less expensive.
5	I must be living under a rock as I had no idea when this store opened up in da 'hood. Found about it a couple of weeks ago and have been there twice already. The whole family loves this place. There is a large variety of fro-yo and toppings available at any given time. The staff is friendly and inviting. The business owners probably need a little more focus on the advertising to get the word out (or maybe I should crawl out from under that rock more often). :) Oh, and don't forget to get their loyalty card. You will go back!!
5	I love me some froyo, yo! I am a happy little camper to to see a Menchie's in Gilbertland because I am huge fan of their high quality yogurt (tons of selections) and tasty little toppings.I am also big on choosing the no sugar added froyo because I am a freak about my sugar intake and milk has enough on its own. Menchie's had two perfectly suited NSA froyo on this particular evening, German Chocolate and Iced Coffee. Froyo HEAVEN!The girl who was working was uber nice and friendly and always told every customer to have a smiley day, which I thought was really cute and different.
4	Update: they no longer have brownie pieces as a topping :( Pretty much the only thing I ever need with my ice cream. Still great for the kiddos
5	I'm in love with Menchies! They have outstanding customer service. Every time I've been in they immediately greet you with a smile, show you around, offer you sample cups and top it with a friendly farewell when you walk out the door. They have daily specials (I like waffle wednesday - 20% off your order if you get a waffle cup). Lots and lots of choices!! I also really enjoy the bright, colorful decor. You just leave feeling happy :-)
3	We have been to this location a few times since they opened this location.  Always clean and bright.  Also not usually busy when we go, so that's a plus.This visit was not my favorite, however.  Of the flavors available, over half were "fruity" flavors.  So if you aren't the fruity flavor type, which we aren't, then our options were pretty limited.  So that was a big downer.  There are several other similar places nearby.  I think that when we are ready to go for fro-yo again, I'll call to find out their flavors first.
5	I seriously can't stop thinking about their new Oreo flavor! One side is the cookie flavor and the other side is the frosting filling flavor. They're great swirled but the actual filling flavor is so ridiculously good! The girls that work there are always super friendly and the atmosphere is just overall awesome. Can't wait to go back
4	The yogurt is great, and the toppings are phenomenal (especially the hot fudge). The reason I give this place 4 stars instead of 5 is the price is outrageously expensive. It's actually more expensive than going out for dinner, which is ridiculous.
4	I got rid of a sweet tooth months ago and seldom treat myself to dessert. Went here last Saturday night and went all out. Very good selection and the seasonal pumpkin flavor was there. Now back to my restricted diet! Menchies is a great place to get the bi annual sugar fix!
