4	Always a nice clean, well-lit place to get my comics fix.  The store has a great selection of new comics, graphic novels, toys and miscellaneous fun stuff.  They have a knowledgeable, but friendly staff.  I'm sure they have the same fanboy conversations that any other comicshop staff has, but they also are willing to drop that conversation to help someone.  Outside of one FORMER employee, I've never had a bad customer service experience there.  I've spent way to much time in comic shops where the staff takes every opportunity to tell you why you're not cool enough to be there.  It's nice to have place as welcoming as Westfield in town.  My only complaint would be the lack of back issues on site, though they are helpful about calling their warehouse to check on recent issues.I'm a little unclear on what I should put for their price range.  Comics aren't inexpensive simply based on their cover prices -- that's not Westfield, or any other shop's fault.  I'm sure they aren't over-charging.
5	No better comic shop in the Madison area
1	I can't possibly say enough negative things about Westfield. I preordered product from these people, and they took my money and sat on it for months after the release date while giving me excuses about why they couldn't get it to me because they couldn't work stuff out with their distributor. During this time they refused to do anything to make up for the fact that they were holding my money (the full price of the product) the entire time.Shady business practices, terrible customer service. Avoid.
4	This is a pretty nice shop. Don't go here if you're looking for old back issues though, because they offer next to nothing in that department. However, they have a large selection of new books with a few back issues of each. (ex. I recently picked up Uncanny Avengers which just put out #13 and they had back issues to #7). They have a decent amount of collectibles to choose from, but once again  it's pretty new stuff. Staff is friendly. It's a very neat and organized store, which makes finding what you want a breeze. Definitely the best shop in town for new books. Prices are pretty set for the new stuff ($3.99 usually) but I recently bought a variant cover issue for $10 and then found it selling for $18 online so that was nice! Overall it's a pretty good shop.
1	I have friends who are always raving about this place, but I can't get behind it. Every time I walk into the store with my husband, they always ask him if he needs help even if we're standing in the same aisle. ALWAYS. I even went to far as to order something from their website and paid for it via Paypal and their customer service is so piss poor on that end. They said on the site the order was back ordered, ok so I waited a month and contacted them via email and then followed up with a phone call because they never responded to my email after a few days. Then they said they would call me back after they contacted the distributor. Never got a phone call advising of ANY status. Then I emailed again asking about my order. No response for a few days. Then I go to their FB to ask about status...Got a snippy response that their "web team" doesn't work on the weekends since I contacted them on the weekends...I asked about this a few days after contacting them on the weekend. Rude and unprofessional. Especially to local customer who pay FULL PRICE for something that can be found on Amazon and received in 2 days if you have Prime.
