4	This place has a very unique variety of jewelry to choose from.  Really cool pieces that would look good in anyones collection.  Besides the jewelry they also have wall art that is to die for, like almost literally, it's that good.  the customer service here is really great too, the staff can help with just about anything.  They also do some cool gift wrapping.
5	This place is my #1 stop in Charlotte for gifts for the home or hostess, or a girlfriend or family member that I really love. Eclectic jewelry, pottery, hanging art and gifts, the staff at this place is a little odd acting but they're kind and helpful when you have questions. Prices range from $12-$400, so if you're thinking of keeping within a certain price range you can. The merchandise is always changing, and almost all of it is handmade, so it's always unique and one of a kind. Lots of Judaic gifts too which is nice (recently purchased a mezuzah and it's bringing me alot of joy!), and the parking is easy since it's in the shopping center with Total Wine! One of my favorite shops to visit in Charlotte.... don't pass it over!
5	I just adore this boutique.  It always has a refreshing variety of jewlery, perfume (I highly recommend Cleopatra by TOCCA.), and home items.  I visit monthly; always with the intent to "buy someone a gift"...  But I always magically walk out with a few items for myself. :)  Everything is very reasonably priced when considering quality and uniqueness.  Plus the store is a sight in itself- perfectly merchandised each season.  I seldomly get excited about jewlery- feeling as though cute pieces are a dime a dozen- but I feel like every time I visit City Art Works, I find things I simply cannot live without.
4	Who knew that I'd find things that I like in this store?! I have driven past this place for the past two years thinking nothing about it. Recently a couple of my co-workers said how much they love this place and would love to spend their entire paycheck in here. What?! My curiosity spiked and I just had to know what was in here...It's a pretty good sized store with a variety of things: art work, sculptures, glass, jewelry. I think there could be something in here for most people. I definitely see it as a place to find a fun gift. If you are into things with words on it (e.g., frames with sayings), come here. There were a few unique pieces that if I had enough money, I would redecorate my office (I'm totally starting to sound like my co-workers). My mother-in-law likes collecting creative items and this is a perfect place to bring her next time she visits.I see myself returning...my co-workers were on to something!
4	What an unexpected surprise! This shop reminds me if Paper Skyscraper and an art/jewelry shop had a baby. If you're the type who wants something unique for themselves, or for a gift, this is definitely the place to go.  From jewelry to small furniture pieces and bath and body products, the selection is nicely edited to include lesser-known designers/brands. You will pay for the quality and uniqueness, but it's worth it.  Honestly, who can get a gold-covered bumble bee pin, a Tocca Baci Lip balm and a hand woven set of coasters in one place? Just check it out for yourself and have fun!
4	Oh man I could do some serious credit card damage at City Art Works. I pretty much started convulsing with joy when I walked in. Everywhere you turn you run into even more fun...loads of gorgeous jewelry in all price points and styles, interesting artwork, delightful Tocca candles and lip balms, stunning gemstone items and more.The style of this store is more definitely eclectic, especially with the jewelry. I spotted everything from upscale charms to absolutely beautiful Coralia Leets quartz drop earrings to leather wrap bracelets to Catherine Popesco necklaces. The owners are just as eclectic and incredibly friendly to boot. They know the featured designers and artists and are great at helping you find what you are (or aren't) looking for. It's worth noting that they also guarantee all their jewelry - if something breaks they will fix it unconditionally. City Art Works wants to be sure you are unequivocally satisfied with your purchases. Gotta love that commitment to customer service! Definitely drop in to City Art Works...whether you're shopping for yourself or a gift, it's a great place to check out.
5	Had a fabulous time looking around!  Wonderful staff and unique items!
5	What a wonderful boutique!  Great selection of unique trinkets, jewelry, etc. and very reasonably priced. The owner was incredibly welcoming and not once did I feel pressure to buy anything, which is usually the case when I walk into stores like these. I ended up buying some stuffed animals for a friend's newborn and the owner gift wrapped them free of charge. Will definitely be back!
5	Looking for that something unique and exceptional?  You'll likely find it in this store!  They offer a nice selection of jewelry, crafty items, wall art, photo frames, note cards and other goods you won't easily find elsewhere. The shop owners are super sweet!
