5	FLIPnOUT is a great place for the whole family. For only 10 bucks you get a whole hour of jumping (most people can only take an hour before they are exhausted). If you really want to wear out your kids, take them here, it's great. There are quite a few things to do, and they have volleyball matches and I heard they are starting dodgeball soon, which is pretty exciting.It's brand new, so it's really nice and clean, and just a lot of fun!I would recommend anyone to go there, it's completely worth the ten bucks!
4	An inexpensive, bouncy way to spend a family day.My girlfriend and I brought her kids (4 and 6 years old) here last Saturday for a day of bad nachos and bouncing.  Yes, the food is nasty here, but it should be just fine for the kiddos.  (hot dogs, nachos, pizza, etc..)  For $10 you get an hour of time at this facility, which features an enormous space of trampolines, a big slide, moonwalk, and other air-filled fun.  We bounced with the kids and it was fun and exhausting. Most parents weren't bouncing with their kids, but we still had fun falling all over the place in the trampoline area.  It is very easy to keep an eye on your children, and there is a lot of staff to keep things safe and enjoyable.  Keep in mind, there are tons of kids running around with their shoes off, working up a good sweat.  Expect a bit of a smell, but nothing you haven't experienced before; c'mon, you're a parent, chances are you've smelled worse TODAY.
1	Compared to similar places around town this one is expensive, which is odd considering the ghetto-esque location. I took my girls one afternoon and it's 10 bucks for 1 hour for them to jump on a series of trampolines connected together. They have arcade games too if you'd like to spend more money. The refreshments were a complete ripoff but I have come to expect that. The part that bothered me the most I think was the fact that during my kids 2 hour stay there were cheerleading practices going on in the same large warehouse room as the trampolines. Not only was it loud because of the music, it was very uncomfortable watching the different perv Dads ogling the teenagers practicing. There also isn't enough seating if it gets crowded. I won't be back.
5	This is an AWESOME place for kids and adults! The staff is helpful and this place always give discounts and free stuff  on their Facebook page. You would have to be a real big stick-in-the-mud to not have a good time here. LOVE IT!
4	My kids love this place, but to me $10/hr per kid for all 4 of my kiddos is $40/hr to jump on trampolines is a big ripoff! I try to only go if I get a coupon or discount. The snack bar sucks and is overpriced-don't plan on eating here. You are not allowed to bring in food or outside drink, but nobody has ever not allowed me in with bottled water. Staff is young, friendly and it's pretty clean here. The bouce-houses are pretty weak. Not enough supervision/rule enforcement on the giant inflatable slide which to me is a safety hazard-especially when you have a bunch of bigger kids not following the rules and either climbing over the sides of it or sliding down and slamming into other kids at the bottom of it. (I guess that also boils down to parents not watching their kids) Overall this place is do-able. Will go back because the kids love it, even if my wallet doesn't :)Update: changed my review from 3 stars to 4 stars after the owner emailed me and thanked me for my review and gave me 2 free passes. Went back the other day and noticed they put in more arcade games (that cost more $$) but the snack bar is still pretty weak. Nonetheless, kids still had fun.
3	Kids love this place, parents too! My friend does her homework while her kid jumps to her hearts content!My youngest daughter and her BFF received gift certificates to jump here for Christmas and they had a blast! The only drawback I saw was that you can't bring in food. So, I had to let them jump for 2 hours and then sit in the car and eat. There is some food available inside, but it was not anything they wanted and so had to jump on empty stomaches. Better planning on my part next time I guess.Agree with most of the other reviews, a bit pricey to just jump, so Yes we also only come with a Groupon or other discount.
4	What a hoot! Celebrated my niece's birthday at this giant warehouse on a Tuesday night. For $10/person the girls got to jump to their heart's content on a ginormous series of enclosed trampolines. There were lots of flips and kicks and laughs. There also was a smaller jump area for the munchkins and sports activities off to the side. We did not eat here but there was the option of nachos, hot dogs, typical kid food that did not look very appetizing. I could see it being frustrating if there were a bunch of people jumping but there weren't. Also I noticed a male and female cheerleader practicing their back handsprings which I thought was a genius way to perfect those skills.
3	One hell of a workout for sure. You have to ensure there is a crowd of people when you go or it wont be as fun. They offer discounts so ask about them before going...sometimes in the arena of 20%
5	$70 for 10 jumps.  Totally worth every penny!
1	This started off nice.  Had 3 kiddos ages, 4, 6, and 10 jumping around.  Me and the hubby were having a good time jumping too.  Then it got busy.  Somehow this place thinks is it's ok to have kids of all ages jumping around together while dodgeballs and footballs (NOT the nerf kind) are thrown all around too.  My 6 year got knocked in the head with a dodgeball and my 4 year got hit in the eye with a football.  May I repeat that?  My 4 year old kid was hit right on the freakin' eyeball with a football.  The KID that was monitoring the jump area got her ice.  We asked if it was common to have all this going on in one area.  My husband complained to the staff...which were kids (or at least they looked like kids).  They didn't seem too concerned that the jumping area was out of control.  There was a group of big kids playing dodgeball all over the place and another group of big kids playing football all over the place. And scattered all around through their "playing field" were families, little kids, and just other kids trying to jump around.  We had to be very cautious not to get hit or knocked down.And please, don't let me forget to mention the severe lack of parental control/supervision.  I get so pissed going to places like this or any public kiddie place where the parents are in their own world and their little rats reek havoc.  I LOVE my kids but can't stand other people's kids due to lack of parental control.  We won't be coming back here unless management/ownership can get a grip on how to get this place under control.  I know there are risks with trampolines and accidents are going to happen.  But this kind of recklessness can be prevented.  Either use the nets you have to divided areas for football, dodgeball, small kid area, jumping and so on or designate times for all the different activities so they aren't mingled all together.  Oh, and how about having some staff on hand that can handle these sorts of issues and get better control over the "playing" areas (especially since the parents don't).  After all, it is a business and you want people to come back.This place could have been so great.  What a huge disappointment.
4	I wanted to give an updated to the attempt the manager has made.  Minutes after my initial review he contacted me about my concerns.  Within two weeks (roughly) he emailed me back stating that revisions have been put in place and his staff had been educated/retrained.  He has offered us to come back to ensure things are up to snuff.  Unfortunately, I haven't been able to make it back.  So, I thought it would be fair to at least let all interested yelpers know that management/ownership at this establishment did contact and said they made efforts.I hope to make it back there soon to give an accurate update.  But until then, venture out on your own and then let your voice be heard (good or negative).So, 4 stars for the immediate attention and willingness to take care of your customers.  I'll be back to give another go!
3	Overall main attraction is the trampolines, and they are pretty good. If you're looking for a place to burn some serious kid energy, this place fits the bill. Total package leaves a little to be desired.  The arcade areas are in poor condition with most games in disrepair. Many will gobble coins without the reward of the gameplay. The staff is nice and they're genuinely concerned about safety. It'll stay on our family list, but not as a first pick. The novelty of the trampolines at least warrant a " go and try it."
4	I was impressed with the staff before and now I know why. The owner Kenny responded ultra quickly and courteously to my concerns. If that is how he runs his business, it's no mystery why his staff is top notch! Thanks for your attention. We'll be back and jumping soon!
5	Bought a Groupon to try some laser tag with some friends.  We had the BEST time!  We are definitely going back.  The staff was super friendly from the front desk duo to Miss J who ran the actual laser tag area.  We went during the week so it was pretty empty, particularly in the laser tag part.  But, for our last game some new guys came and we played them and it made us insta-friends.  All of us are pretty in shape and were still sweating after every match.  Could probably sub cardio for super fun laser tag session!  On a side note Miss j was playing really great music during the match which made it even more intense and so you couldn't hear everyone running around.  I would absolutely recommend this awesome place!
4	Very good place for kids. My niece and nephew loved it and my sister and I enjoyed playing air hockey :)
5	My son loves this place!  It is right down the road so it's a great way for the lil guy to burn off some energy.  We even had his birthday there last year (they do a great job on children's birthday parties!!).  It is great for a play date.  They've even partitioned the trampoline area to make a safer area for the younger/smaller kids.
5	Took my 4 year old here when I visited my mom in Vegas this past summer and we loved it! All that bouncing tired me out pretty quickly but my husband and son jumped away to their hearts content.There's plenty of space for you to jump, flip and basically ensure your legs have a crazy work-out. The employees make sure everyone's following the safety guidelines which is appreciated. There's also these jumpers on the side for the smaller kids which was perfect for my little one. We couldn't get in there with him but we were able to keep an eye on him the whole time as there's nothing to obstruct your view.In the middle of the large warehouse is a snack shop and some arcade games, though we didn't try either of these. I'd definitely recommend this place for children's parties as well as just a spot to go to get out of the heat for an afternoon of good clean family fun. Will be back when we're back in town!
2	Ok place but I think it's more geared to teens and adults. Not that great for kids. The games they have are also privately owned so if the machine eats your money than not their responsibility to refund you. The snacks are ok but really would sugest to eat else where.
5	First off, get the Groupon for Warehouse Wars!I had brought one for my son and husband to have a guys day out.  They had so much fun and son came home dripping in sweat.  So, when I saw another groupon for the place, I jumped on it.  Apparently, I was not paying attention because I bought a groupon for three games for four people.So, a couple of weekends ago, we decided we needed to do something on Saturday night.  We showed up at 5 and they are full for several hours!  So, I asked the nice cashier to put some cards aside for us, while we went to get dinner.  (Did you know there is a Ruby Tuesdays in Las Vegas? No, me either until that night.)We came back and the cashier had them set aside for us.  We had two laser tag sessions in a row, a twenty minute break, and the final session.  OMG, we had some much fun.  I was happy when my 5 year old daughter was finally comfortable after the first session, so that I could walk quickly around and shoot random people.  I got really competitive and didn't mind shooting little kids.  HeheheheheThey have a snack counter with hot dogs, soda, nachos, ice cream, etc.  The kids got ice cream and we shared a couple of waters.  The prices were decent.My daughter wanted to jump/bounce, but we really had enough fun.  We will be back!
4	A A great place to let the kids go nuts considering there's not much in Vegas for kids to do. Not a bad price either $15 for 1 hour of jumping & a round of laser tag. Hopefully by summer time they'll have the rock climbing wall ready. The  warehouse  wars  laser  tag  is  great to. I  haven't  seen  another  place in Vegas  where there's  different  floor s  just to play  the  game.
1	There is no security at this place!  I had a birthday party on a Saturday and 2 females got into a fight with no regard of thee children playing!! Not safe, kids in my party were really scared!  So were thee parents! Not any fun if people are going to be getting into fights with no security around until police get call and have 2 wait till they arrive!!!  I'm still upset over this!
1	Eh....Its fun-but really, how could it not be? Its a giant trampoline!!!!What i'm going to mention is the staff..its obvious they hire young kids-which I am for (my kids are going to need jobs someday), but what I wish was they would keep a better eye on them. They are talking more to each other than the customers, and not really watching the trampoline area, just a place to sit for them.What was really frustrating was tonight when we were told there were no outside foods allowed. Well, here's the deal: there is not a SINGLE sign from when you walk in, to where we ended up sitting (I checked twice), AND there was other people who had Papa Johns! "They're having a birthday party". I said 'so are we', which we were truthfully, she said 'you didn't reserve one in advance so you can't do that. Put your food away or I can put it in the fridge'. REALLY? I walked past ZERO signs and SIX employees prior to sitting down and starting to eat my Capriottis. Now im 3 bites in and its an issue? Meanwhile the girl at the hotdog/sno-cone cart is playing games on her iPad.Place is nice, staff is a friggin joke. ZERO adults there tonight. Truly ruined the mood of my daughter's bday party, no sandwiches, no cupcakes. Thanks for the cruddy memories...
2	Came here on a Saturday with my boyfriend for a new fun way to excercise and have some fun...I am so disappointed in this place!!! This huge warehouse had only 3 trampolines on one side!! I thought it would be the entire warehouse but it wasn't!! Also, they had no air conditioning and instead had their warehouse doors open with big swamp fans. It was stuffy, and it smelled of sweat, Im almost certain that that should be illegal!! It is summer time right now, but really, no A/C?!?! Come on!!! It was just disappointing. There was no room to even try to jump, small children, teens, workers, and some adults all crammed together. The kids zone for some reason was closed off.and I didn't want to go in because I wanted to jump freely in there without smacking a child in the head or getting hit myself by one of those dodgeballs being tossed around. Total fail!!
4	This place is great for killing time, a workout, birthday parties, etc.  We enjoy bringing friends and family to FNO when they come into town.  The prices are reasonable as well and they have a frequent jumpers card which gives a discount because you're buying in bulk.  It is especially difficult to get the warehouse cool in the summer, but a "big ass fan" has been installed and makes a huge difference, thank you!I do agree with one of the reviews about teenagers talking a bit, but I don't really see that much wrong with it as long as they are doing their duties.  One suggestion though is during birthday parties, allow the participants of the birthday party to jump for as long as the party goes on.  Maybe this is the case, but we attended a birthday party yesterday and were only allotted an hour to jump when the party was two hours long.  It allows for kids to jump, eat, open presents, and then jump again.  Just a suggestion though.Thank you.
5	Oh, my. There simply aren't enough stars to give this place.  We did the Warehouse Wars portion of the play area - and, since it's approaching Halloween, we did the Zombie Apocalypse simulation. I honestly can't think of a time when I've had more fun than this. The front desk staff is extremely helpful. The check-in procedure and waivers and stuff are a breeze. That's awesome. Then you walk out on the fun floor, and you see the trampolines, the bouncy slides, the video games - a great time is waiting for those who want it. And it just dawned on me that I forgot we wanted to do the rock climbing wall before we left. Damn. Next time. Then, there's the tri-level maze for the laser tag. They REALLY put a lot of thought into this. There are dead-ends and short-cuts, there's great places to camp - if you have someone watching your back. There's plenty of places for the zombies to jump out at you. (And, let me tell you, the zombies are great. There was one who would crawl around and grab your legs when you'd come around a corner, another one who had perfected the dead-eyed stare, and one who seemed just to be a berserker. You'd carefully sneak up on the other team, and then one of them would come out of seemingly nowhere,  SCARE the SHIT out of you, and then kill you. There are only two things I'd improve. 1) Having to go back to a respawn point after getting killed (and it only takes five hits to die, unless the zombies get you, then it's one), really makes it a lot harder, and 2) I want to be in better shape next time I go. That's not their problem, though, that's mine. It was a hell of a workout! DEFINITELY going again, and soon.
3	I love this place. I so badly want to give them a 5 star rating and I know that this place will get it when I go back for the second round.I love that they have a variety of options such as the trampoline style all over 1 region of the warehouse, also the jumper house with basket ball hoops, and last but not least the jumper slide. (my favorite)They all are so fun. The only downfalls are that they are really busy on the weekends. They had very minimal supervision on each slide, causing kids to play in which ever way they please instead of organization to allow the kids to go down with flow.The 15" pizza was ridiculously expensiveI can highly recommend this place, the kids have a blast and so do the adults. Price was for entry is decent. $10 the first hour, $8 the 2nd, and $7 every other hour there after.Enjoy.
2	This place is ok and I've gone to better, more attractive looking trampoline/jumping centers, but this one gets the job done if you have kids with extra energy to burn or are looking for a good and tiring workout by jumping around.We arrived on a weekday evening at about 7:20 PM and wanted to jump until their 9 PM close time. We had Living Social vouchers for 2 hrs each but I told them it was ok with me if I could at least get the hour and half in before they closed. They asked me if I was sure and told me that would be fine, as long as I was sure. So we filled out waivers, got our wristbands and proceeded inside.The jumping area was fairly large and was split into a regular side and a smaller side meant for younger kids; I guess so they don't get stomped on? The regular side had 2 basketball hoops on the wall and it was fun trying to jump up and try to shoot baskets from far away. We were having a good old time tiring ourselves when at 8:30 PM, an employee came over and told us that our jump time was over. I realized that they either gave me the wrong wristband or we got jipped on what we had requested and paid for. I tried going back to the office to ask, but there was a rope and sign in front of the door saying that it was closed. I sent an email to the center's management but have not heard back as of yet regarding why we were kicked out after essentially paying for at least an hour and half of time!
2	I really did not like how the parties are partitioned off by scaffolding. Because there were so many parties going on at the same time AND open jump time the two toilets in there were clearly not enough for the amount of people there and they were hardly cleaned and resupplied. There was no transition from party area to shoe shelves to trampoline, so all the kids were walking all over the cement with their socks and tracking all the filth into the trampolines. Unlike pump it up, the staff was not as professional or helpful. There was not a thing about the place that was impressive, the kids had fun but any kid would have fun with any trampoline.
5	Love this place. So much fun. Regardless of the size of the arena (which was fairly decent), the company really did a great job of making sure the environment was safe for children and teens alike. There were no rough or aggressive hooligans destroying the fun atmosphere and it was an hour's worth of pure simple joy. I honestly felt like a kid again. Not to mention I'm nearly 25 years old. Thanks Flip N Out! And thanks to the worker who got a group picture of my family. :) you guys are awesome. We will be back!
3	They have busy weekends and I recommend it for little kids like 7 and under on week days. The big kids don't really stay in there designated areas. I wouldn't expect them too, because of just how WILD kids can get. But I have a toddler and they were in the toddler area, had to make it known that the older kids should probably stay out of that side. It was fun and the kids enjoyed it. Get specials on GROUPON or AMAZON LOCALS!
1	Had my sons 5th bday party here and it was the worst experience ever. I was in tears at the end. Very disorganized and no customer service skills. Our assigned party host didn't do anything for us. I had to serve the pizza and hand it out myself, I had to hand out the cake, and she forgot to do drinks until after the pizza was done!!! For the cake, I misplaced the candles I brought and was searching everywhere for them, she finally said "I have the candles." I waited for 3 minutes quietly until I had to ask her if she could oh get the candles! Duh, there's a bunch of 5 yr olds waiting for cake! At some point she even asked me what she can do to help! I'm thinking shouldn't you know what to do if you're the host?!?!?! My guests, my family and I were so appalled and so embarrassed! And yes I did complain at the end!
2	The plus side: DodgeballThe down side(s): Not worth it. The trampolines are so big, and spread out, that you can't get anywhere when you jump! It's more of a work out than it is a "fun center". My boyfriend and I went here after we had gone to Sky Zone and it doesn't even compare, to me. Like I said, the trampolines are so big that there's no spring to them. You jump, put all of you weight into it, and you get a foot off of the ground. Maybe it's because of safety reasons, maybe they didn't want to buy more trampolines, but this place is a no-go for us. It's literally just one semi-large warehouse split in half. On one half, there's a few trampolines, the other is lazer tag and a puny rock wall. This place would be awesome if you're 12 or under. Anyone else, check out Sky Zone.
4	It's a giant room of trampolines.  What more could you want?  Our kids loved it, my oldest son liked the walls being trampolines the most, and spent the majority of the time seeing how high and far he could run along the walls.My youngest really loved the fact that there is a separate area for small children/toddlers.  Not having to worry about big kids knocking you on your butt the whole time was great for him.  That area was practically empty too, so when his big brother joined him, they had the place to themselves and had lots of fun together.Only downside is there wasn't really a good place to watch your kids.  All the tables were occupied with birthday party rentals, so we could only really stand on the far end to watch.  Looking at pictures, they may have added an upper level for seating (we went about 8 months ago).Additional benefits: cheap snacks and drinks at a little snack stand, and a decent assortment of arcade games.  There are also party rooms in addition to the party tables.
5	If you want to get your kids tired so they go to bed early... This is the place to take them lol I myself paid to jump for an hour and boy was I dying lolI found a groupon for 4 people for only $20 so look into that... It saved me $20 since it's normally $10 per person per hour.  The trampolines are a work out lol they also have so bounce houses for the kids as well. Enjoy!
2	Provided I did not experience the trampolines myself, this was a bad experience altogether. Again note: I did not bounce, merely supervise my cousins.This is our fault for coming on a Saturday afternoon, but that's not entirely what I have to gripe about:As expected, it was packed. Just how dense with children? There were three, THREE concurrent parties in the place at once, all trying to do their own thing. And if you read some other reviews, I noticed too the staff and even the kids' own parents don't give a damn. It's very bad, especially if you can count twelve multi-age kids trying to bounce the same pad. Two times in the first 5 minutes of watching my cousins, I saw a child run out from being plastered in the rib and face, with no recompense.None of us ordered food, so no review on that. It seems your basic fare.The laser tag would've been cool, but I had no one to really play against except for the kids half my age.The video games available are hand-me-down and kinda old,  but we didn't come for those anyway.The bathroom looks as if they clean it only upon closing.. paper towels strewn across the floor because the wastebasket is a mountain.Lastly, a minor thing, but if I were going to bounce, I would want uplifting and energetic music.. not songs picked by a depressive teenager. Sorry, Keane.A cheap experience, exactly as you paid for. No, Mom, I want to get OFF the ride.
3	Brought my cousins here yesterday! Definitely a fun place for the kids! Has a wide selection of things to do like Rock Wall, Trampoline (w dodge ball & basketballs), Jumper, Slide, 4-story Laser Tag (in a warehouse feel arena) & an outdated arcade. I think the only thing that is missing is a foam pit. We were greeted by the workers when we walked in and were suggested to look around the main room before making a purchase. I really appreciated that. We were running short on time so I just paid for the hour of jumping on the trampoline. I was worried they may get bored of just jumping but they also had some soft balls in there for basketball and dodgeball! They also had bleachers to watch the fun from up high, but sadly the bleachers were blocked off so you had to watch from a distance where the chairs were. But if you have a little one, don't worry. They have a section of the trampolines blocked off for kids so they won't get attacked by a "big kid" doing flips or get hit with one of the balls flying all around. They also had a snack stand for anyone who wanted to grab a quick bite of pizza or churros. (Good quality churros btw) & the party sections were cute. I could totally see hosting a kids party there because the workers even set up a table for whatever food you are serving. Seemed pretty organized. Oh & when you purchase your hour, you're given a colored wristband so every 15 minutes, they announce on the overhead which color time is up. They also have everyone doing laser tag play at the same time to make it one epic game---totally makes sense, so I applaud them for that. Overall, we'll be back (: they had tons of fun! I'll probably join them next time
2	I went to sky zone and had a good time besides a few things I'd change. So I bought this groupon and came here and did not have a good time.The trampolines are pretty hard, it's hotter than it should be (sky zone is much cooler) It's hard to jump and the kids are pretty rude we kept getting hit over and over and over.Very annoying.Had fun playing the arcade though!
4	This place was super cool! Never seen anything like it, but fair warning it gets HOT inside!!! Wearing comfy clothes that's breezy!
5	Best 10 bucks I've spent in along time. I can't believe I've not brought my son here sooner. I guess I've always been a little discouraged with the amount of cars I see in the parking lot. Well don't let it stop you! There's a TON of room inside. It's huge and if your worried about your little one being trampled on by bigger kids you don't have to be. We were there for 1 hour this time around and he was sooo tired afterwards. Tons of Fun!!
5	We love this place! We have gone twice.  The first time was for a school family night out,  the second time was for a birthday party. Both times we had a great experience. There is lots to do; wall to wall trampolines,  rock climbing,  Lazer tag, bouncy houses/ slides, and an arcade area. They charge by the hour for jumping. The first time I went I was skeptical about that being enough time,  but even the kids tired out fast. It's a great work out.The Lazer tag is awesome, with a 2 level playing arena. Fun for kids and kids at heart.When we went for the school's night out,  they gave discounts for students and their families and donated a portion of their profits to the school. (The school will definitely do this again!)The party set up is great. You get a table right by the trampolines. For an extra fee you can have a party host, but it is not required.The snack bar has pretty standard pricing and a decent selection. The pizza was pretty good, better than bar pizza or Chuck E Cheese. Kinda greasy, but that's just motivation to jump. They also have hot dogs, candy, soda, juice and Gatorade. The little kid area is outstanding. I was pleasantly surprised that it was safe for my 19 month old. She LOVES it! She jumped more than anyone, and they don't charge parents who are just supervising little ones.They also offer military discounts.
3	Kids have a great time jumping around in the trampoline area. I just wish they had a separate jump area for the smaller and bigger kids.
3	Maybe coming here after the holidays(or the weekend) wasn't such a great idea -- this place is packed!! There was a line out the door, and a good 20min. wait to finally get to the desk to register. Apparently the computer system they have set up to register/sign the waiver is relatively new, and not too many took advantage of it. But I did, and it made the whole process a lot smoother. $8/hour of jumping -- and some sort of tax. Altogether I paid $36 for two people + two hours of jumping each. There's an arcade area that looks like a lot of fun, as well as laser tag.
