5	Food and entertainment were excellent!!!  Will definitely go again.  Price was very reasonable.
5	The BEST burgers ever!  Entertainment is always a pleasure!*Menu posted is not current...fyi*
1	While the food and entertainment were good and a pleasant surprise - the service was so unbelievably horric it ruined our whole experience.  We went for dinner - 2 adults and 2 kids.  It took over 55 minutes to get a kids grilled cheese!  Our appetizer was served to us twice.  We brought up how long our meal was taking at least twice - and I was told *a manager will come over to talk with you and perhaps make an adjustment*.  We let our server know we wanted to make the 8pm show (our reservations were at 6:30pm).  Didn't order anything complicated that I thought we would be able to make it.  Guess what - after 35 minutes from being told mgr would come over - they never did.  Clearly - they didn't really care.  Finally - my husband and kids left to go see the show - we weren't able to finish our dinner - had to have our dessert wrapped up.  Server then said - you can always call us and we can try to make right by you?  I'm like - really - I get to spend more time giving feedback vs. you've now had 2 opportunities (both you and your manager) - to make this right when I am right here and you didn't think it was important enought?  And the best - kids meals include drinks - they charged us $3 EACH for a kiddy cocktail.  NEVER diclosed that was an upcharge.  It was our first experience at Rawhide overall - and we were having a fantastic time - as we really had no idea what to expect and the kids loved it!  Our dinner experience completely ruined that - which is really a shame.
3	Rawhide was a fun experience, but after going once it doesn't seem like the type of place I would go out of my way to visit again. The gun fight shows were the best part of the town. Everything else could be passed by in a matter of minutes. The food is overpriced for the taste and quality. I'd definitely recommend eating before heading to rawhide.
4	Went there today for the Thanksgiving buffet.  I was a little leery and so were the three other people who accompanied me.  However we were seated promptly even though it was mobbed. The staff were unbelievably friendly.  The buffet included prime rib, ham, turkey and some other sort of steak.  I didn't try the prime rib but the three people I will with thought it was delicious.   The turkey I think was more of a turkey roast but even so it was very moist and juicy.  The potatoes were excellent had bits of bacon in it. So good!   They were vegetables and desserts sweet potatoes baked potatoes.  I was stuffed.   I thought they did a fantastic job.  If the thought of cooking another Thanksgiving dinner doesn't sit well with you next year you should try their buffet.  I was really worried it was going to be just so-so but it was very good.   Very laid-back atmosphere,  going jeans!    The only thing I didn't really care for was to country music which I'm not big on.  Another thing they charge you to park but hey you know what can you do.  I would think about going there again next year or sometime during the year to try their regular meals                                        Update.  Re-visited Rawhide steakhouse.  This time it was a regular meal no buffet.     I got the chili which was very good pieces of steak rather than hamburger which was good.  However it had the consistency of a thick soup.  Still good though. Also got the bacon macaroni and cheese which I absolutely love.  However it was lukewarm when it arrived as where the garlic mashed potatoesbut they were still excellent. Person I was with had the sampler which consisted of chicken ribs and brisket. He said it was very good.  Don't like the Five dollar parking soI may or may not go back.
4	This place is totally adorable. It was in a Fodor's book I bought for my Phoenix family and my mom recalled going to the old Rawhide in Chandler many many years ago. So of course we had to visit for an updated visit!The minimum amount anyone pays is $5/vehicle for parking. Since we were just a few days after Christmas, the lights and decorations were still up. It was such a cool feeling walking on the dust street past the old buildings, underneath the lights as the sun went down past the mountains. I thought there would be more cowboys/gals walking along the street, but my guess is they hold them back for the paid-only show. Be prepared to pay for the attractions. I got a personalized horseshoe from the blacksmith which goes well with my Colts decor in part of my abode, it was only $10.
