5	Went in and tried the Pasta De Parilla and it was unlike anything I've ever tried.  It had a great garlic sauce with black beans in addition to the pasta.  To top it off it has great grilled steak and chicken as well.  The whole family enjoyed their visit.  We'll definitely be back to support this local restaurant!
5	Fantabulous! That's the best way I can describe the food here.    I really wanted to get a photo of my dish, because it was a work of art, despite just being pasta et al piled onto a plate. Unfortunately, between my hunger and the amazing aroma wafting off the plate, the camera never made it out. This dish, by the way, was the Pasta De Parilla. I could go on about how wonderful it was, but I'll spare the reader. Oh, there were also the calamari. I nearly bit the waiter's hand off when she tried to remove the plate!The service was great, very nice, on top of everything...  Can't wait to go back again and try out some more of what they have to offer! (And of course, have more calamari...)
5	Excellent!  Great food, service atmosphere. Went there with the family and we tried all sorts of dishes. Everything was great!  We will definitely go back!
1	After reading glowing reviews of Caballero Grill, we chose to make it our late Sunday lunch. Big mistake. Since this is a new restaurant, we expected some things to not be right. But not all of the food. The service was acceptable if not a little slow, especially for a nearly empty restaurant. The food was terrible.First, let me be clear, we do not use much salt at home when we cook and we do not like salty food and even avoid certain restaurants (Black Angus, Olive Garden, etc.) because the food is always too salty. We started with the dip trio. The guacamole was not bad but a little bland, we added salt and it was somewhat better but still needed spices. The tomato salsa was little more than water. There was no "dippable" substance to it and very little flavor. The mango salsa was their tomato salsa with a little bit of mango cut up and placed on top. The salsa itself had no mango flavor at all. We received our entrees. I got the Pasta De Parilla, due to the great reviews on here, and my dining partner ordered the Top Sirloin. Let's start there. The top sirloin was supposed to come out on top of mashed potatoes with a grilled portabello mushroom on top of those and then the pan fried steak on top of the mushroom. It came out without the mushroom. When the waitress came by to check on us, he pointed it out and she said it was supposed to come on there, that she missed it. Then she asked if he was good or if he actually wanted the mushroom. He said that he did want the mushroom. She left and had the kitchen grill up the mushroom. A few minutes later she returned with a plate of grilled mushrooms. They were not portabello mushrooms and were not cooked well. They were hard to chew, almost leathery. Then there is the issue of the steak. It came out with a chipotle sauce and butter on top. The butter would not melt because the chipotle sauce was cold. Cold sauce on a hot steak? That wasn't the worst of it. All he could taste with the zucchini was what he described as "cooking fuel" like a can of sterno would make food taste. He did say that he felt like the meat was prime as was claimed, it just was not prepared properly. The mashed potatoes did not have any salt or spices in them...at all. Nothing on the plate was salted. There was just no flavor.Now, we will move on to the Pasta De Parilla. Bland. If it wasn't for the southwest black beans (most likely from a can) that are in the dish, there would have been no flavor to the garlic cream sauce. The beef that was on the dish was dried out and tough. The grilled chicken was dried out but still tender and the fish of the day (whatever it was, I was never told) was extremely fatty but yet still was dried out and was actually crispy. The only flavor to any of the meats came from the gas from the grill that they were cooking it on. The pasta itself was cooked well but each piece of the rigatoni was so big that it was a bite to itself. In other words, you couldn't have a piece of the pasta with a piece of meat, it was one or the other.When we were done trying eat, we looked over the dessert menu, it was just a list of a few desserts, some alcohol coffee drinks, cognac, and port. There were no descriptions of the desserts themselves, just the names like, Big Cheese Brulee. We could tell that they were probably just packaged desserts brought to them by the Sysco truck. We were told that they only decorated them there. We passed on the desserts. We also made sure to pick up the business cards of the Chef and Sous-Chef on our way out. We will avoid any restaurant where they work.We live a little less than 10 minutes from the restaurant. By the time that we got home, I had to run to the bathroom. Not a good ending to a bad meal. We will not be back to this restaurant and will not be recommending it to anyone.
1	This restaurant had great service, the waiters were very nice. The menu is very simple. Upon receiving our food, my husband was disappointed in the quality. He ordered the pasta that had three different types of meat Pasta de Parella: chicken, fish and steak on top of pasta. Unfortunately, the steak was two small pieces of fat, the fish was a frozen breaded cod. Well, he told the waiter about his dish and the waiter was very accommodating to get him something else made and so a steak was the safest option. I had a cheeseburger with stale fries and my 5yo son had chicken fingers with a side of Mac n cheese, which looked more like scrambled eggs and were very bland. We couldnt wait to finish our food and leave. Although they comped us for the meal, which was nice, but something we never like to do. We want to enjoy eating out, especially at new local places. I fear this one wont last in Goodyear for long with the way its going so far. Too bad. Overall, I gave a star for service only as the food was terrible.
5	Top sirlone was excellent cooked exactly the way I asked also good selection of draft beer.
5	I was in the other night and set up at the bar. Jason was the bartender and was great.  Very friendly.  I thought the place looked great. I ordered the cucumber Margarita and it was outstanding!  The owner Paul came over a talked to me to me for while which I thought was very nice.  I had the Chicken Phx , it was outstanding ! It came out looking like a peice of art work!  I am very busy and travel all the time on bussiness so I eat out a lot and I have to truly say this was one of my top 5 places I have ate at. Everything was perfect!
5	Such a fantastic restaurant, Jason was our server and he was just amazing. Management is super friendly and the menu is fabulous. Try the chicken Phoenix! It was amazing and the strawberry basil lemonade was so original and refreshing! I would recommend this place to everyone I know and then some! Such a great restaurant, everyone needs to go there!
3	1st time here and I had the Cuban sandwich which is huge for lunch. Not quite like any Cuban sandwich I've ever had but it was ok and plenty of it. I will probably not get this again but there were other things on the menu that seem promising one is the pasta de Parilla which I will try on next visit. Service was good and fast for lunch and the inside was nice.
4	Very tasty! Beats the hell out of McGraths hell hole of a fish house!!!! Service was excellent, music was killer 80s rock... I was rockin the entire meal. We loved it. Food was great! Had had the chicken Phoenix!!! Very good. Avocado chimichangas for appetizer! Yum! And a refreshing blood orange sorbet! Def will be back!
1	From the moment we entered the building we knew it was a mistake.  The staff was a bunch of kids that didn't appear to be the least bit concerned with offering genuine customer service. The menu was extremely limited and the food was marginal.
2	When I check out brand new restaurants I try to stray away from the bad initial reviews and form my own but this place is far from making the cut in my opinion but I do see hope if they fix a few errors. First off, the food does not taste authentic and seems like many ingredients are from a can and is way too "tex-mex" for my palate. The design and cleanliness is above average but many of of the dishes fell short of my expectations weighed against the cost of our meal. The plates do seem to mimic fine dining where you order the sides for a cost, usually included at places like Macayos or Garcias. The triple dip appetizer had burnt chips with little salt and bland guac. The spicy shredded adovada pork was tasty but the meat was dry and stiff, and the desert menu was weird and lacked descriptions. The service was rushed and for the last half of the meal she completely forgot about us. A young man came to our table and asked if everything was alright and if we needed anything and I said no seeing that I was in the middle of a conversation when he interrupted. Our waitress finally came with the check with a flustered look on her face like we were not going to tip her. We did, but this is probably not a place we will try again unless the bulk of reviews turns a 180.
5	I thought the food was great and that's all I care about.     I ordered the green chili with black beans and rice and the wife ordered the prime rib beef dip plus we ordered 2 appetizers which were very good as well.    I will make it back for sure.
1	What a horrible experience!! Should have known better the minute we walked in with the little high school girl hostesses they had skipping around like they were working at peter piper. Next came the terrible server we had that continued to ignore us through the night and didn't even know blue moon is suppose to come with an orange. The menu is is very limited I think about ten different entrees. We ordered the chips and three dips as an appetizer that took 35 minutes to get and came at the same time our entrees did. By then we were so mad that we said forget it to just cancel it, another server who brought the food out, probably cause ours was so embarassed that she must have forgot to put our appetizer in had the nerve to say "Wow what a sh***y valentines".  Not to mention when the entrees came out they brought my sirloin out without the portobello mushroom and mashed potatoes!! The one owner didn't even give the smaller tables a second glance and just pranced around sucking up to the bigger tables but then the other owner Paul then came by and offered to comp the whole meal and gave us a $50 gift card for our next visit which will give them a chance to redeem themselves but my guess is unless they fix the service and get rid of the annoying teeny bopper hostesses and find some new servers they won't last more then a couple months. They totally ruined valentines for my wife and I. Couldn't imagine a worst first impression for a new restaurant with lots of competition around them. Its been almost three weeks since we've gone there on valentines and I still have a hard time with going back there even with a $50 gift card.
5	My family had a great time here, food was fantastic staff was great
3	Today was the 2nd time we've come here.  The first time, a few weeks ago, we had an incredibly delicious meal.  We shared the bruschetta appetizer, which was mouth-watering and I had the french dip, which was wonderful.  My husband had the green chili pork, which he absolutely loved.  We knew this was going to be a place we'd love to come to.Well, we went back this evening, and had a different experience.  I couldn't wait to have the bruschetta again, but this time the bread was too hard and stale.  You could barely bite through it.  I got the french dip again, and it was fine, but the horseradish cream was so watered down, I could barely taste it.  My husband tried the pasta de pastilla (I believe that's what it was called), and he said it was alright, but he said the piece of "grilled" chicken tasted like it had just come out of a microwave, and the trout was practically non-existent.I'm still giving it 3 stars, because our first meal was so good.  We will probably give it one more try.  We're hoping this was an unusual case, and our next meal will be good again.
4	Wow..we tried it for the first time for Happy Hour.   The Ceviche is fantabulous!!! So fresh. Will definitively go back.
5	Loved it! Can't understand where the bad reviews came from. I'm insanely picky and loved this place. Our server, Jason, was very friendly and knowledgeable. He asked that we let him order the ceviche his way and boy we were glad we did. It was delicious. I had the pasta, my bro had the burger, and my boyfriend had the filet. We were all very pleased. I really appreciated the restaurants "yes" attitude. For example I wanted a chocolate martini and they didn't have baileys so he offered up a mudslide milkshake style...fabulous. I forgot my to go box and Jason stopped my brother to make sure I got it. We will definitely be back. Did I mention they serve food until 1am, which is awesome since its hard to find a bite to eat after 9pm in the west valley.
5	Celebrated St. Paddy's in the bar with corned beef & cabbage, green chili pork and car bombs.  Great time and food. Corned beef was good, but the green Chile pork is fabulous.  My husband had the carne adovada which was also excellent.  Waitress was great and owners joined us for a car bomb.  Nice folks, nice bar and we will be back.
4	The worst thing about this place is its name.  I think even the hostess mispronounced it and it really has nothing to do with the menu or ambiance of the restaurant.  Goodyear needs another Mexican restaurant to go out of business 2 months after opening like it needs another pizza place.  So I was pleasantly surprised to find that although it has a Latin flair, Caballero Grill is not another Mexican restaurant.We went for a late lunch which meant we were there for happy hour.  I had a great, big cheese burger and fries for 6 dollars.  Quality ingredients through out.  My wife ordered a couple of their specialty drinks which were a bargain at $4.There were some other misses though.  The trio dip, while good was not worth the $5 happy hour price much less the $7 regular price.  Our neighbors had the mini chimichangas and they barely looked worth the $4 happy hour price.  My wife had the club sandwich sliders which were just too much bread and not enough flavor.  Domestic drafts are 50% off at happy hour but micro-brews are only 20% off which does not make me very happy.Overall though it was a pleasant surprise and not a complete fleecing.
5	It's about time for Goodyear, AZ. to get a restaurant which scores high marks across the board!  My experience is now three visits deep and have traversed multiple levels of the restaurant and can truly offer it  5 star rating!  Believe it people, this place is the ticket!My review is based on three separate visits offering a greater insight to their operations and a broader picture of what they are capable of doing.  Formerly McGrath's Seafood house, there has not been an overwhelming amount of a makeover needed to get the place up and running.  Great for Paul Fratella and Anthony Guerriero who are the brains behind the operation! Our first trip was last week for Sunday dinner.  We arrived during their initial happy hour which is from 2-7 daily and decided to dine off of the discounted menu since it was so appealing looking.  We started off with a glass of their house Chardonnay and a Caballeros Cocktail, their version of the famous Hurricane.  The wine was surprisingly good and for only $3, it was the deal of the day.  The Caballeros was smooth and refreshing, reminding me of being back in Key West having cocktails at Mallory Square at sundow.  Too many of these and I would have had to take a cab home!   We snacked on a Cheese Burger & fries, a Fish Sandwich as well as some chips and dips.  Their pricing is quite low for all that was offered and filling to boot.  Our server was delightful and a real treat.  She was quite busy that might yet barely missed a beat when it came to her attentiveness.  She seemed knowledgeable about most of the foods items and was able to make suggestions along the way.  Following the meal, the manager offered us a tour of their facilities sharing the company vision and we were most impressed.  Based on this experience, my co workers decided to try out the incredible deals on lunch items.  The specials are all $5 and the variety is enough to keep us coming back.  Turkey Club sandwiches, Fish Sandwiches, Cesar Salad and Beer Battered fish along with some Baked Potato Soup.  We called it in and it was ready when we arrived.  They must are seemingly still new at getting their to-go orders together as there were some items missed.  Nothing that we could not live without, but things like plastic-ware, condiments and napkins. All in all it was still a well packaged lot and everyone at the office enjoyed it thoroughly!This morning we round out visit #3 for their Sunday Brunch.  It runs from 9-2 and believe me, you will not go away hungry!  We were graciously greeted at the door and seated immediately.  Our server was Sarah and was bright and welcoming from the very moment we arrived.  She told us about the Mimosa & Bloody Mary Bar which was $2 a glass so we started out with a nice Mimosa.  Sadly the OJ tasted a bit like frozen, but it was still delicious.  Sarah invited us to begin with the buffet when ever we were ready.  Once were received our drinks, it was off to the feast.  The primary food line has an expansive array of breakfast items to chose from.  Perfectly poached eggs topped the Eggs Benedict.  There were Scrambled Eggs, Home Fries, Plump Sausage links, Crisp Bacon as well as Biscuits and Gravy.  There was also a wonderful Macaroni and Cheese, Chicken Paella, a Waffle station and Carving station with a huge slab of roasted pork.  Across the aisle was an Omelet station where the selection of ingredients was seemingly endless.  The Omelet Chef was friendly and working two pans at a time so the wait was limited. From there, our next trip took us through the restaurant to the seafood station which included Peel and eat shrimp, mussels and Snow Crab Clusters.  There was cocktail sauce as well as fresh lemons, all of it very inviting.  In front of that set up was the Mimosa and Bloody Mary Bar.  You have got to do the Bloody Mary's!!  The supplies to complete the perfect drink are all there!  Worcestershire sauce, Horse Radish, Gigantic Olives and a huge supply of all different hot sauces!  Well done!!The last station visited was the dessert table.  It included fresh fruits, pastries, breads and muffins.  There was a fresh baked apple pie, amaretto Cheese Cake and a creamy & delicious Chocolate tart served in a aperitif glass that was to die for!  The morning was a huge success and this, by the way, was only their 2nd Brunch event!  Impressive?  Yes!  Room for improvement?  Always.  Nothing is flawless from the get-go.  Would I recommend this place?  ABSOLUTELY!  Adults $20, Kids 12 and under $8.  Don't miss out on this!Enjoy!!
2	I moved away from the west valley about a year ago.  So last I knew, this place was McGrath's.  My grandma had mentioned that she went there with some friends, and thought the food was good, and had her next 2 meals taken care of with left-overs!  Needless to say, I was majorly disappointed.  The menu was very cheap looking and absolutely tiny.  Maybe 4 salads, and 5 entrees?  I got the vegetarian entree which wasn't bad, but over priced, just like the rest of the menu.  I checked in on Yelp and got a free dessert, which is my FIRST check in offer!  So I asked the waitress, I don't think she knew what I meant when I told her, I offered to show, but she just walked away and came back with the dessert menu.  We did get to choose whatever dessert we wanted.  We got the hazelnut espresso cheesecake, it was very good, but tiny.  I would have been upset if we paid for it.  The service was decent, but it was about 3 o'clock on a Thursday afternoon.  The waitress was nice, and being in the service industry, I know people depend on tips, but you're not supposed to make it so obvious about it.
4	Okay...just over a month ago, we'd come here for the 2nd time.  It was not the best experience, and was a disappointment from the 1st time we'd eaten here, when everything was so good.  We decided to give it another shot, and were quite pleased with the outcome.Firstly, our waitress, Marissa, was friendly and attentive.  Having a nice waitstaff is always a plus.  We chose to start with a chicken quesadilla, which was very good.  I'm not big on spicy things, so Marissa recommended having the chipotle sauce on the side.  I'm glad she did, my husband was able to use it, and I was much happier without it.  I will warn you...it's a lot of food!  For our main courses, my husband had the green chili pork, and it was as delicious as he remembered from the 1st time we were there.  I had the french dip, again.  I absolutely love french dip, and will have it everywhere I can.  It was juicy and tender, and this time, the horseradish cream was perfect.  Also, the fries served with it were crispy and not overly salted.  I'm a sucker for crispy fries, but hate when they taste too salty.  These were incredibly good.We were so full, there was no room for dessert.  But, I will say, they're back on our list of enjoyable restaurants, and we'll definitely be back for more.
5	Great food, great service...we will be back!
5	I love this place. Today, I had lunch with a friend and were very happy! We shared the Trio appetizer and were very satisfied. The guacamole was Awesome, the salsa was spicy and very flavorful, and the chipole dip was divine. My friend had the Shrimp salad with rasberry vinagirette. She said the shrimp was flavorful and cooked to perfection. The mixture of sweet and tangy is a tasty combination. I had the Caballero Chicken salad with spicy chipole ranch. I love this salad because it's fresh, crisp, and so good. The chicken is charcol broiled and melts in your mouth.It's the perfect place for lunch with a friend.The service is friendly and quick.
2	We went in on a lackluster Friday night, our server was slow and we were placed in the back corner next to a loud group of ladies despite the restaurant being empty. My water was constantly empty and the staff around was too busy talking with one another to check in on us. My husband's dish was good, a smallish bowl of meat and chili with his entree. I had the veggie plate and while the rice was great, the rest was awful, greasy and slimy. I was unhappy with the food and service, and the prices aren't great. Not coming back. A shame considering that the restaurant is in a good location and looks cool.
2	Typically, I give places 2 stars b'c it wasn't good.  My idea of rating is 3 and up is acceptable.  In this case, I just couldn't get myself to give this establishment 3 stars even though there wasn't anything wrong about it.  However, it was exactly as Yelp has helped us with the ratings: "Meh.  I've experienced better."I got the eggplant parm and it was OK.  the eggplant itself was good but it tasted like it was fried in "old oil" if you know what I mean.  If it was fresh oil, I bet it would've been better.The mash potato that came with it was pretty decent actually would probably give that 3 stars.The husband had their french dipped sandwich.  Again, he was like, "it was OK".  Our one  year old had the quesadilla and it was ok, too ... but we've had betterThe ambience hasn't changed much since it used to be McGrath's.  The service was decent.  Our waitress was very nice to our party of 6 plus a 1 year old.
5	Helpful and attentive bar staff, fun environment, definitely worth checking out.
5	I really love coming to Caballero's knowing that when I get there the staff and especially Princess Ashley are there to take care of you.  Out of all the times my wife and I have been there, which has been a lot, we only had one glitch.  So that means nothing to us.  The food is so good especially the Wahoo and the Chicken Phoenix!!
4	Our family was in town and all staying nearby.  We wanted a place for 10 people to enjoy a Sunday brunch and gave this place a try.  What find:  We made reservations and were seated swiftly.  The service was quick and friendly.  It was as if we had our very own wait staff.  The brunch is the way to go as the choices will satisfy almost any group...surf or turf.The mimosas were a treat as well...nobody left hungry or disappointed.
5	Dutchess Sam was a great server tonight.  What made the night even better was Princess Ashley sat down with us and had a drink with us after her shift.
3	Went for happy hour with a few friends.  $2 wells will definitely have me back.  The fish tacos weren't terrible although the fish was still a bit on the "wet" side.  Some sort of cod/bottom fish with coleslaw, pico, and some tapatio.  I figured at least it smelled better than McGraths.  ;)  We'll see what happens long term but even though the waitress forgot my utensils, decent first impression.
4	The wife and I wanted to try something new, so I was driving around and was actually going some where else in the area. When I remembered we wanted to try Caballero out! I really like the decor of the restaurant, a lot of wood work! Well, we were seated as soon we arrived. The hostess was very nice, and quickly recognized that the waitress was to busy. So the hostess took our drink order and had another waitress take care of us. Usually we share a plate, but occasionally when we go to a restaurant for the first time we get two different dishes to try. I ordered their green chili pork plate! I grew up on chili verde, and like many different versions. The version at Caballero's is very good, and reminds me of my grandmother use to make it. Has a nice kick and generous portions of pork! Plate also comes with rice and black beans. Wife ordered their pull pork stacker, its as good and looks as it sounds!! Pull pork sandwich with cole slaw, and french fries piled on the sandwich. This was one of the best sandwich I have had is a while! Loved the zesty taste of their BBQ sauce! Over all we had a great experience and will diffidently come back again!!
5	Food was awesome and unique, great atmosphere and people. You have to try the flan!
5	So today was my wife and I's first time for the brunch and man was it good.  Our server Van was terrific, she was very helpful in assisting us learn how it worked. Plus what made the experience even better, Princess Ashley was the one that trained her.  :)
4	Their flour tortillas are absolutely amazing.  We've been there a couple of times and really liked the food but it is certainly not for anyone in a hurry.  The servers were nice but not the speediest at taking care of things.  If we still lived on that side of town we would definitely go again.
5	Me and my better half drove all the way from North Phoenix as we had seen a segment on TV on them. We came for Sunday Brunch and could not have been more pleased. The cost was only $20.00 per person which included Champaigne which was 1st class. The food was out of this world with Eggs Benedict,omelette bar, shrimp, crab legs, a carving station, a ceviche bar and a great desert bar. We set at the bar by choice and Jerrod provided great conversation and excellent service. One of the owners  Anthony came over and introduced himself and asked about our experience. This was awesome as we go out often and rarely if ever to a new location does a Manager much less a owner come over and personally check on us. It was a great experience and we wish we had one closer to us. We give it a 5 stars for the overall apperance, cleanliness,staff food and drinks. They even offered their Happy Hour prices at 2:00 on Sunday. We will be back soon.
5	6/23/2012-We made a reservation ahead of time for our large party of 15.  It was as if we were VIP's as they escorted every one of our party to the private dining area.  The server and manager were very attentive. We arrived at 4pm and were able to take advantage of the happy hours prices.  Everyone's food was awesome. I had the french dip and mom had the pork green chile. It's not easy to please Momma, but she loved it.  One item that I totally recommend is the avocado chimis.  This appetizer is a meal in itself.  Definately going back.  BTW this was the 2nd time I had been there, but my son and his girlfriend are regulars there.
3	Moving to this part of the valley, options for great food is very limited. I was hoping that this place would meet my expectations. I really, really wanted to like it but after 3 attempts, it's a fail. The inside is dark and mediocre. It can use a makeover to bring it some life. They tend to seat everyone by the bar....probably in hopes to make the place look filled. The servers are attentive and quick. That's the only good thing. I'm still crossing my fingers for this place to get better.
5	These guys really know what they are doing.  The service is impeccable.  We had an outstanding server that did a great job of explaining what we were in for, he made recommendations that I totally ended up agreeing with, and the ambiance was perfect.  Highly recommended.  Give these folks a try, you wont regret it!
5	Very good burgers. Great service too! The appetizers were great, we ate the avocado thingies and buffalo chicken. Top 5 burger I've ever had. I will certainly go there again!
4	My husband and I went here for an unexpected date night. Our server was attentive, but no too attentive. My husband had the New York Strip with French fries. Both were cooked exactly as he requested. You would be surprised how many restaurants don't understand extra crispy fries. My salmon oscar was divine with grilled asparagus and zucchini.  The only improvement they could make was the lemon pie dessert. It comes out like a huge sunshine bar, but the crust subtracts rather than adds to the dish. I would have crushed shortbread cookies mixed with butter and a little sugar for the crust.
4	I recently tried Caballero's and I have been back every week since!  I love it, they have great happy hour prices and the food is pretty good!  I can't wait to try the Sunday Brunch!!  My only complaint is, it is pretty pricey unless you are eating from the lunch or Happy Hour menu.  All in all a great place though!
4	My wife, daughter, and I visited for dinner last night.  As we entered the restaurant we could smell the smokiness of the wood (pecan from what they say) they were using  for the grilling, not overbearing at all.  The staff, with smiles on, greeted us right away. There was no wait so we were sat right away (arrived around 5:30).  Nice decor. Our server, Luis, was very pleasant, attentive, and accommodating. He never made us feel like we were bothering him for anything. Beer selection was pretty good. I got a couple of IPAs (on draft), Green Flash and one from a brewery in Utah, both were scrumptious. My wife had the Dogfish Pumpkin Ale. Since it was happy hour (2-7 and 9-close everyday) we ordered the Ceviche.  We got the mix of fish, shrimp, and scallops. Unfortunately the first order was missing the mix of seafood. Luis took care of that right away with no hesitation and brought us out a new one loaded with seafood. It was real good and we have leftovers.For dinner I ordered the Poblano pepper cheese burger. I like my burgers bloody so I warned Luis that I'm picky in which he replied no problem, the kitchen can make it that way. The first one came out medium rare, which I would've eaten but when Luis asked how it was I said it's a good medium rare but it could have been cooked less. Again, without hesitation he took it away and had the kitchen make a new one without making me feel guilty.  My wife ordered the coconut crusted Wahoo, she is picky about how her fish is prepared as I'm with my burgers. She asked for it to be prepared medium rare. When she got it she said it was done right and moist.  Our daughter ordered the kids tacos. You get two, choice of grilled chicken or ground beef . The tacos came out on soft tortillas and they were big, she has leftovers. Even though there were some food issues it was nothing that would stop us from returning. Like I mentioned, I'm real picky about my burgers and I've only been to a few places (sad) that have prepared the burger right the first time.  Luis was one of the best servers we've encountered in some time and we appreciate that.  Servers can make a difference in whether you return or not!
4	I met with a friend of mine last night for a quick drink.  They have a really good reverse happy hour menu.  I ordered the blueberry mojito.  I asked the bartender not to put in the blueberries since I don't like fruit particles in my drinks.  He substituted with blueberry liqueur of some sort.  It was delicious.  The best part was that it was only $3.50!  Not only that, but if you check in via yelp, there is a check in offer for a free dessert after 10pm.  I got a gourmet cupcake and so did my friend.  The bartender was very friendly.
5	Chimi Avocado & Fish Tacos are a must for Appetizers. Top sirloin 8oz prime & Salmon Oscar are excellent.  La Fiera Rosso Dolce wine (served chilled) is amazing selection with these entrees. Highly recommended.
1	Not sure what this restaurant is trying to be..because the steak is tasteless, the fish was unrecognizable, the chicken tasted like the fish and finally the vegetables were inedible!   We were dumbfounded how one could ruin so much food.  We left our plates barely eaten.  They need a better chef with taste buds!
1	I really enjoyed the food and ambiance of the restaurant and initially thought the waiter was great and very helpful. My problem with the restaurant came five days later when I was reconciling my credit card statement. For the meal I charged my credit card, and left a very generous cash tip of 25%. On the credit card statement I left zero on the tip line, and the total of the meal was entered in the total line. When the charge came through on my credit card, mysteriously the bill had gone up $10. I immediately informed the manager of the error which he was able to resolve; however he stated that the way I wrote a dollar sign and zero may have been confusing. My problem with this is that the total was clearly written and with the cash tip the waiter "mistakenly" thought his service was worth a 42% tip?!?! Are you kidding me?! A word of advice, either pay cash or save your receipt!
4	Go happy hour from 2-7 and 9-close :) $5 angus burgerr
2	Got mixed reviews on Yelp, but I wanted to try it for myself.  It is new and it is close by.  So it was a Saturday night and around 7pm, they were busy but not PACKED.  They didn't do much in re-decorating from the previous place...  Just more Caballero stuff.  We were greeted and sat right away. Our seats were a little dirty, we had to ask for the hostess to wipe it down.  Then we sat next to the door that is for the patio.  It open and closed as people wondering out to smoke all visit long. =(  Food wise...We ordered:Manny's empanada's (description: honoring manny and his mom's recipe + $1 from each order goes to the manuel scholarhip):  What the hell?  You get to eat food and donate.  YEAH.  The empanadas were ok but they are SPICY!  No where on the menu said they are HOT.  My lips were on FIRE!French Dip:  The sandwich was good and the bread was perfect.  The fries were soggy.  =(  Mac and cheese:  just plan NOT good.  Ek!The service was good, just the food and the experience did not pan out.  Bummer!
3	I feel that I can't give more than 3 stars yet because the bff and I only went in for an appetizer and dessert (thank you Yelp Deal for the free dessert I got upon checking in!)We had some calamari which was sub par and a 3 layer chocolate cake...again sub par.  However, our server/bartender was extremely nice and very helpful.  He mentioned that because they were so busy on NYE they were out of a lot of their desserts.  He added a cupcake to our plate to make up for it.  They were also out of their soup.  I mean, we did go in rather late on NY day and weren't expecting much.We looked at the menu and I have to add that it appears that they have a really decent happy hour with most drinks under $5.00 and some pretty inexpensive appetizers.  The best part is...Happy Hour is 7 days a week from 3-7 and again from 9-close!  That is pretty rare to find around these parts.  I'll be back again soon and am hoping that I can give this place more stars!  I have a feeling I will be able to!
4	This is a seperate visit from the last time I reviewed. I appreciate that the owner  Paul F. takes his role seriously and contacted me to remedy our poor first experience. Paul sent us a handwritten letter, a lovely touch, accompanied by a gift card for dinner to try Caballero again and that he would be happy to personally handle our reservations. We decided to try it again, coming in without reservations to experience everything without letting anyone know that we were reviewing, to get a more accurate representation and I'm glad we did.Ok, big points for service this time around. We came in last week about 7pm on  Saturday night, the restaurant was busy but we had space between us and the next party so it was nice and quiet.We had Luis as our server and he was prompt, helpful and funny. We sat at our table and he was there right away, ready to take our drink order. The menu looks different, some new choices since last time we came. Started with the avocado chimis, very good- I'd never had anything like that before. I had the fish, steak and chicken pasta- interesting mix, I'm not too sure about the black beans in the dish but it was cooked well. Perhaps it would be better with one type of meat, smaller pasta and no black beans. Though way better than what I had for the first order.My husband had the green chile and pork dish, he enjoyed it and commented that the chilis tasted better than last time. I tried his and I agreed, the pork was well seasoned and that rice is still delicious.We had dessert this time, the 3 layer chocolate cake- so delicious! Best part of the evening. Overall it was a much better visit and I have to give a big thank you to Paul for taking the time to reach out to us and invite us back.
4	We went shortly after it opened and it was very good.  The waiter was great and brought us samples of various menu items when we told him was our first time so we ordred AND brought a different order home for later.  We went back for lunch and the place was so empty but the food and service was so good again.   The portion size is good and you feel welcome by the staff.   We will go again and hope it has a long life in Goodyear.
5	Once again, you cannot go wrong with the food.  My sister and I went in on a Saturday afternoon. We shared the ever-so awesome avacado chimis. We decided amongst ourselves that we would also split a hamburger. The server brought out the burger already halved.  Good attentive server once again.
4	It's a darker style atmosphere with Applebee's style food but with a Southwestern Flare.The most expensive thing on the menu is a New York Strip, which I ordered and came with a veggie mix side and mashed potatoes.  Garlic Mashed.  The steak was gristled up pretty good on one side but had good flavor and was cooked to perfection.  The garlic mashed were great, as were the veggies.  The service was slow.  Especially considering the restaurant was empty but the bar was full, active and fun.  In fact, the bar was sold out and standing room only.  We lucked out and got a booth.The French Dip is a better choice for the money and the fries they serve have a nice outside crunch with a tender inside.All that being said, it's a well managed establishment.  The manager actually takes the time to visit with customers for input as well as read reviews.  With this type of management, the restaurant will continually improve.
2	I was extremely excited to try the pasta de parilla. We waited patiently. One of my pet peeves is to get my food after the group that came in after us has finished their meal. For the price the pasta was dry and warm, as if it had been sitting there a while. Once mixed it was better but definitely not hot. I hate returning food and that is my fault, i guess. The beer however was great try the sex panther.
1	I first went in to Caballero's when I was recently out of work and trying to obtain a new serving job. I took a menu with a card for a free appetizer home with me. Perhaps it was because they just opened but I will not be returning. Was not busy at all and yet had to wait before someone acknowledged me. Left me very cold, on top of it my appetizer was not all that great. I am only glad I didn't pay for it.
2	Maybe we ordered the wrong things but we weren't impressed.  Wedge salad wasn't a wedge but a romaine lettuce head cut in half longways.  Drowned in Gorgonzola dressing and the bacon sprinkled on top tasted old.  We moved onto fish tacos that came out soaked in oil.  Not whole pieces of fish but chunks of cheap fish.  Probably Tilapia.  The kids meal came with greasy meat too.  The staff was o.k. I guess.  For the price, skip it.
2	I wasn't overly impressed. We came here a few months ago on one of our first kid-free dates in a long time. I had a turkey club type sandwich with iced tea and my boyfriend had a philly cheese-steak type sandwich. I'm sure it would be more helpful if I knew exactly what we ordered, but the meal was that lackluster. Service was incredibly slow and I didn't get a single refill on my tea until we were already done eating. We weren't ready to order the first time the server appeared (first visit) and asked him to give us a few minutes. It took probably 15 minutes before he came back to take our order, even though our menus were closed and sitting on the table. It also took quite some time to get our check. We sat on the patio and it was quite nice out there. The food was okay, I should have ordered something else. The menu is pretty limited (although that may have changed in the last few months) and the food was just "meh".I really want to support local restaurants like this, and will likely give them another chance.
2	Went for brunch.  Not very good.  I had some shrimp which were OK, but the last couple I ate were definitely past their prime.  Enough so that I got scared and stopped eating shrimp.  Fish was OK.  Roast was decent.   I asked for ground horseradish to go with the roast.   The person serving could not understand English and got someone else.   They said they didn't have it.  Tried a couple other things.  The sauces were soupy.   My wife had the chicken salad.  She said it was nothing special.  This was our first and last visit
5	Caballero is great!!! My Husband and I visit every week or two and we both have our favorite menu items. They do sandwiches and salads really well here! We like to stop by on weekend afternoons for Happy Hour- the draft beer selection you can't be beat--and also to enjoy the patio seating in the evenings during the milder months. I love this locally owned business! Go and enjoy!  :-)
1	I have to say that I would have given this restaurant at least 4 stars had I stopped eating after having the chicken quesadilla. I thought is was the best I had in a long time. I ordered the New York strip though as my entree, it included garlic mashed potatoes and mixed vegetables(carrots and broccoli). The strip was very tough and had a taste of being past its best before date. My friend had the same meal and he ended up not able to finish his because of the same odd taste and toughness. For the $23.90 price, I expected a well seasoned, fresh steak. The atmosphere is lacking something. I don't think there is a respect of food in this establishment and it is reflected in the quality.
2	Food was very average.  I ordered the wahoo and think it was undercooked.  Probably will not go there again.
5	We had first heard of this restaurant in the AZ Republic and then I purchased a $30 worth of food/drink for $15 from DealonDeals. Was kind of worried then because then read very mixed reviews. So I will tell you our experience. Walked in place was very lively, two young women at the hostess stand, we were greeted by both.  One women too us back to a room that was so quiet and only a few people in there not very interesting, so we asked for a more lively place. She seated us by the bar at a nice table. We no sooner sat and our server Amanda came over to ask what we would like. We had questions about some items on the menu that she answered with great detail! We opted for happy hour street tacos. Pork and chicken, pork was out of this world, chicken was good but no real flavor. We also got a order of chips and salsa. Salsa was not good at all, tasted like tomato sauce with onions and chili pepper. But over all we rally liked the place. The other reviews said how bad the service was at the bar but they must not have had Amanda because she was great, she kept coming over to see if we needed anything and kept asking if everything was ok. Would defiantly go  back.
5	We went with a party of 15 for brunch, and the food was fantastic!  We loved the seafood set up in the bar area, including crab legs, shrimp, mussels, smoked salmon, and shrimp ceviche.  The buffet line included breakfast items ranging from omelet and Belgian waffle stations and eggs Benedict to biscuits and gravy, while the lunch items included lemon fish, carnitas, and a hand carved roast.  Our friends thoroughly enjoyed the bloody mary bar and the bottomless mimosas.  Special thanks to Owner Paul Fratella who stopped by our table, offering us a sample of their new chocolate bacon Guinness cupcakes.  They were amazing.  Our server Ella did a great job handling our large party with a huge smile and quick response to our requests.  We'll definitely be back.
1	Service was slow to non-existent.
5	Just got back from Caballero Grill's Easter brunch.  Although they were over-booked and there was a long unexpected wait, the service was great, the food fantastic and the owner more than gracious.  They took a bad situation and turned it into an unforgettable experience.  We will be back!
5	We attended the Epic Brewing food pairing, which paired appetizers and a dessert with five different beers. Our server was very friendly and attentive throughout the evening. Having to ask for a water refill is a pet peeve of mine, so I was quite impressed with her attention to that detail. In regard to the beer, let me state first that I do not like bitter, hoppy beers. Of the five beers included in the tasting, two of them were IPAs, which are known for their hoppiness. I was extremely impressed with the chef's choices for food pairings overall. The raspberry beer paired with the raspberry pecan salad was refreshing. The brown ale was surprisingly good when paired with the shrimp ceviche, which was fantastic. What really shocked me, though, was how much I enjoyed the two IPAs when paired with food. Each of them was served with an appetizer that included cheese, and this made a huge difference in the beer by smoothing that bitter after note. I particularly enjoyed the buffalo jack sticks with the Brainless IPA. The final course was a chocolate bacon cupcake paired with a stout.  Chocolate and bacon... I think that says it all.  Our compliments to the chef.
5	The place that never sleeps...and with a choice of well over 30 craft beers, who would have time to sleep?! The taps are in constant rotation, so you can never say you've tried 'em all :) and if offering the greatest beer selection in the entire city of Phoenix wasn't enough, they even offer the happiest hours of all...get happy hour specials on your craft beer pints between 2PM-7PM and then AGAIN from 9PM-close (midnight on weekdays and 2AM on weekends). I'd love to go on and on and on about this place but I'll just end it with a big...YOU CAN'T BEAT CABALLERO PRICES, DRINKS, FOOD, OR CUSTOMER SERVICE!
3	The building's interior is nice, reminiscent of a log cabin and the seating is secluded and comfortable. The staff were pleasant and welcoming. Attentive but not overly so. But the food is where the rating falls down. There wasn't anything particularly wrong with the food but it didn't stand out from the crowd. That being said it's a great place to drop into for lunch whilst you are on the go and i'm sure we will again in the future. Average, OK but not stimulating.
4	Locally Owned & Operated - the antidote to corporate chains!Pleasantly surprised by the friendly service and very reasonably priced menu for Lunch. Fish Sammy and Turkey Club were nicely put together, buns fresh, lettuce/tomato fresh, nice lunch offerings.CHIP TRIO - Yes! crunchy chips, salsa woke up the tastebuds without doing permanent damage and the guacamole was super fresh mash without a lot of fuss. Adding this place to my PATIO list, really looked appealing as did the well appointed bar.  You know what - these people have a nice little thing going. My Pick of the Day!
2	We've been to Caballero several times before and have always had good service and excellent food.  Since Mother's Day was coming up, we decided to make reservations for the Mother's Day Sunday Brunch and take our family.  This was a huge mistake that left us feeling embarrassed and pretty much ripped off.Our reservations were for 2:00 pm and we arrived right on time.  We were told they were running about 15 to 20 minutes behind and we would have to wait.  Our wait ended up being 45 minutes before I finally asked for a manager.  Up to this point we were completely ignored and the staff was totally unprofessional.  As we stood watching, the hostess stand became the hang out spot for what seemed to be most of the staff and they stood around joking and having a good time while we waited.  Another group waiting in front of us was being served Mimosas while others like us that were waiting were ignored.  After asking to speak with a manager, a gentleman came out and actually asked me what he could help me with.  He apparently had no idea we had been waiting for 45 minutes past our reservation time.  I told him we had been ignored for 45 minutes and I was tired of standing there looking stupid.  The manger then walked over to the dining room, looked around and magically a table appeared.  Although we were seated right away, we never received any sort of apology from any of the staff, even the manager.Once seated, we made our way over to the buffet and couldn't have been more disappointed.  All of the hot food was in individual chaffing dishes that had no heat under them and the food was cold.  You could tell the food had been sitting for a long time without heat and without being changed out for fresh food.  The carving station/omelet station/waffle station (all located on one little tiny table) was ok and had a very friendly cook.  The seafood buffet was very good (Shrimp, Crab Legs & Salmon) and the cocktail sauce was excellent and tasted homemade.  The desserts were also very good, although just like the rest of the buffet, everything seemed to have been sitting out for a long time, had been picked over and just didn't seem very fresh.  The entire presentation was terrible. We spoke with some friends that attended the Mother's Day brunch earlier in the day (10:30 am) and they had the same experience with the food that we had.  We've all had pleasant experiences with Caballero in the past but none with the Sunday Brunch.  After swallowing an almost $200 tab and the embarrassment we endured with our family, I'm not sure that we'll be returning to Caballero again anytime soon.  I definitely recommend some training for the staff and the ownership may want to reconsider the Sunday Brunch.  Both the restaurant and the staff don't seem equipped to handle it and they probably have more customers than they know that feel the same way we do.
4	Better than expected!!!A few co-workers and I had a great diner experience at Caballero a few weeks back.The restaurant is nicely decorated and the service was on point. We were greeted at the door and walked up to our table pretty quick compared to the amount of visitors at the time. Our waiter was polite and helpful recommending their best menu items. I had the soup of the day which was corn soup. Nothing special but could of been better. For entree, I had the Pasta de Parilla. Salmon, grilled chicken, and prime sirloin over garlic creamy pasta. Wow....that dish made everyone on our table jealous. It was fantastic, the sirloin was just like I ordered. This place is worth a few visits. Enjoy!!!
4	Great brunch for $20. Food is fresh, taste good and good service.
4	We went back last night, in the lull between happy hours  (happy hour ends at 7, reverse starts at 9) and had a much better experience than our first trip. We started with the boneless sweet chili garlic wings and they were very good. I ate so many of them that I was pretty full by the time our entrees showed up. He got the french dip, I got the green chili plate. Let's start with the good: The french dip was AMAZING. It was one of the best french dips I have ever had. The beef was flavorful and not fatty. The bread was crispy on the outside, soft on the inside. The au jus was to die for. It came with the beer battered fries, which I didn't have but he said they were very good. The green chili plate was a bit of a disappointment. The green chili was a bit spicier than I was anticipating (I was going to get a side of sour cream but was so full from the appetizer I decided to just take the rest home) but the pork was tender and flavorful. My only beef with this dish was the rice. I wasn't even positive it was rice. It was mushy and had no texture, like it had been way overcooked. The rice was topped with black beans and tomatoes and I was able to choose flour or corn tortillas - I asked for flour and was pleasantly surprised to find that I received 4 small, tasty flour tortillas. I really wanted to try dessert but was so full that I didn't even want to think about eating anymore.Service was greatly improved this time, although I think our server was new as he seemed a bit nervous. He was very nice, however, and took good care of us. We sat inside this time and I have one complaint: it is way too dark. We could barely see the menus and had to squint to read it. I think some candles at the tables would have helped. The overall ambiance was great (probably because we had just missed the rush!) and and it was a nice, relaxing and quiet dinner for the both of us.He insists we go back again just for that amazing french dip. There were a number of things on the menu I wished to try (street taco appetizer and the pasta de parilla, particularly) so I am up for it. Plus I would really like to try dessert.
1	Well this is my first time at this restaurant...relatively disappointed. I received a postcard coupon and the dessert on the front of the postcard is not available. The waitress said they no longer have it. Um really the postcard was just delivered to my home. It doesn't expire for three months 8/30/2013. I ordered carne and my friend ordered the French dip and was told they were out of it. Um...alrighty then...cheeseburger. Cheeseburger and sweet potatoe fries are good but where's the ketchup... Waitress was asked twice...um...not getting the warm fuzzier...empty water while eating the carne adovada. It was good and spicy but hello water is needed. No extras ...sour cream guac never asked. Disappointed in the desserts salty Carmel cheesecake blah...and chocolate cake was dry. Too many good restaurants to do this again
4	A hidden gem in the Southwest Valley.  We loved the ambience and cabin like feel with the mesquite wood smell.  The calamari was great, a couple people ordered the pulled pork sandwiches and loved them, all 5 of us gave thumbs up on the fries, the burger was great and the Parmesan crusted fish was also good.  I will definitely be spreading the word on this place and coming back to try more.  After looking at the pictures, I'm eager to check out happy hour :)
4	Awesome food!! I love that the menu is kept small; clearly, they are sticking with dishes that they do best. I had the perfectly cooked poblano cheeseburger with havarti cheese and the gorgonzola macaroni and cheese. Both were excellent. My mom had the mixed fish ceviche and she loved it. We can't wait to visit again and try out the craft beer selection and the entrees.
2	Avocado Chimis appetizer: I really love avocado so these were great. Full of flavor. The sauce reminded me of sweet & sour sauce for egg rolls. Shrimp Pecan Salad: The menu describes it as mixed greens, raspberry vinaigrette, candied pecans, gorgonzola crumbles, green apples & Panko breaded shrimp.  What I got was a pile of BAG lettuce (bag taste and all) swimming in dressing. I asked my server, "where's the mixed greens"? He said he would check with the cook. The cook replied "its not made with mixed greens". I'm thinking....really??!! Really??!! Look at the menu again guy. "MIXED GREENS" in black and white. They made it over, with mixed greens, as it states on menu. Green Chili Pork Street Tacos: I love love street tacos. The meat was dry yet smothered in cheese that I assume was Monterey Jack and I wondered where the lime wedge was. Meh! I probably shouldn't have expected much in the way of authenticity from an American food grill.I probably should have ordered the Coronado Chicken sandwich like my friend did. At least that looked good!
4	Stopped in here last night after a long day on the road.  Really impressive menu of both beer and food, and the service was friendly and efficient.    French Dip sandwich itself was outstanding in flavor, texture and proportion, but good lord the Au Jus was salty.   Caballero chicken salad was fantastic, and they erred on the under-dressed side, which is fine with me.  Fries are larger than average and were cooked well.   Chicken tenders were declared totally legit by my son.   I'd be back in a heartbeat if I lived nearby.
3	We ordered the 2 dinners for $22 that included either a shared appetizer or dessert and two entree's. I chose the 8 ounce top sirlion which was paired with grilled zucchini and garlic mashed potatoes. My wife opted for Southwestern chicken with cilantro rice and asparagus. Although they did have a large drink menu and many craft beers on hand we didn't opt for any libations. The food was ok, the chicken was moist and had a heavy cream based sauce that wasn't terrible and the sirloin was prepared correctly. It had a sweet, tomato based glazed that was a little like ketchup that I could've done without. The zucchini was sliced in half and grilled and could have used some seasoning. The mashed potatoes were a little cold and the cilantro rice was bland. The food wasn't terrible, the prices were ok and the ambiance was all right. That being said I'm really in no hurry to return.
3	I've eaten here a few times a few months ago but I haven't been here in about a month or two. Nothing about it stands out in my mind when it comes to the food. Nothing awful, nothing fabulous. I did actually have a very good waiter the first time I came here a few months ago. A charming man who was very flexible and funny towards my party. Anyways, usually when I get average experiences I don't take time to write a review because I have nothing to say that is bad and nothing to say that is good.The main reason I am writing this is because I made a phone call to the restaurant to ask a few questions because I am taking a large group of friends out to dinner. The person who answered made me feel stupid asking common questions. She kept repeating my question then saying "Umm... what?" I understand that some of my questions weren't the easiest to answer but you didn't need to make me feel like I was an idiot. She continually kept saying "Hold on." Then asking questions to people around her, which I could hear. Every other restaurant I called was extremely helpful right away and if they didn't know the answer, they would ask me respectfully to hold while they asked someone the questions or transferred me to someone who could help me. I haven't been in a month or two as I said in the beginning of this but honestly the person who answered this phone left me with such a sour taste in my mouth I am thinking about taking my friends somewhere else. Hopefully the restaurant hasn't made a total 180 when it comes to service because that used to be my favorite part.
3	Been here twice. First time was for their Sunday brunch. Lots of breakfast options even though the buffet line didn't look that big at first glance. Traditional fare with a small ceviche bar and snow crab legs. They also have a small meat carving station and a cook to order omelet station. Oh, and mimosas come with the meal! Good price if you stock up on the mimosas and seafood. If you are not a fan of either, I recommend going some place else for breakfast. I went here for dinner on Saturday. We had the calamari as an appetizer - lightly fried and salted. They didn't drain the calamari that well so there was a small puddle of grease on the bottom of the plate. I ordered the coconut crusted wahoo and my husband ordered a chicken dish. Portions are huge! The wahoo is a really dense fish, almost like eating a piece of chicken. The flavor was good, not overly sweet with the coconut. It came with lime rice which was a nice combo with the fattier fish. The vegetables were well cooked. Overall good food. The decor is a bit dated and the brunch buffet could use some sprucing up to look a bit more appetizing.
4	Nice atmosphere, good service, excellent food. Would have given 5 stars, but our dessert, Lemon Pie had a really hard crust (was more of a tart than pie), which made it difficult to eat. Everything else was very tasty with some very interesting flavor combinations. Will make it a point to visit again.
4	Holy Craft Beer Heaven!!!  Seriously...whoever is in charge of the craft beer selection and it's constant rotation is a GENIUS!  Went in the other day and had a De Proef's Dangerously Close to Stupid and it has to be one of the best IPA's I've ever had the opportunity to taste.  Also tried the San Tan Hibiscus Ale which had a very smooth and crisp flavor.  The floral notes were very subtle but made for a refreshing beverage!I will be going in more often to see what gems they had!I know this De Proef's is rare, because it only had 4 reviews on Beer Advocate!  Most of the reviews and "hads" were east coast based as well!  I wonder if I can order a keg of that stuff to go??
5	Great food and great owners who take care of us EVERY time. We bring our patients in (I work for a cancer hospital) and these guys are AWESOME!!
5	This was my first visit to Cabellero and I noticed that there draft selection had something for everybody which is always nice since I go out with friends. Especially since my preference goes from stouts and amber to lager - fruity ciders in this hot summer weather.I love ceviche, and they have a ceviche bar! Next time I definitely want to check out there Sunday brunch :)
2	I will not go back. fried calamari   appetizers soaked in grease and cold like it was laying around.  main on tray good but small portion. the  menu is limited. I had to keep reminding the weightier to fill my ice tea.
2	Thank goodness for the groupon!! Not bad, but not really very good eitheWe ordered the shrimp fundido. It was just a bowl of melted cheese with shrimp in it. Pork green chile, tender meat, ok flavor, wish it was spicier or something. The poblano burger was ok.Good beer selection, but our sever forgot my beer and when I informed her, she brought me the original beer they poured me... mmmm nothing like warm beer.
5	Amazing food! The Carne Adovada is delicious and the customer service is exceptional. Best place in the Goodyear area!
5	Caballero offers a great mix of new modern cuisine and probably the best draft beer selection I have come across in the west valley. The ceviche bar is worth stopping in for alone. I normally get the chicken Phoenix or the crusted fish selection, if you go you must try their cupcakes as well!!! Friendly service, good food, great beer...good spot, hope they're here for a while.
1	One of the worst customer service experiences in our lives.  We, and  all the tables near us were ignored as staff catered to a huge party near us.  We came in ready to enjoy the night and have a few drinks and left having just pecked at our food after not getting drink refills.  Our second experience here.  The first was lackluster so this abysmal experience warrants no returning.  I look forward to whatever replaces Canalleros since it was a fish place when we first moved here 4 years ago.
5	The mixed ceviche here is fabulous! Large, juicy pieces of shrimp and fresh fish with great spice. We ordered ours on tortilla crisps with mango, avocado slices and roasted corn and I could have eaten 4 bowls of the stuff! The steak was perfectly medium rare and my husband's salmon was moist and succulent. We didn't have room for dessert but we'll be back again soon to try some!
3	I have to preface this by saying I'm not a huge buffet person. Being a beautiful day my wife Carol, our friend Kathy R. and me all headed to Goodyear to the Caballero Grill's Sunday Brunch. It was about a half hour drive from our home. Formerly a McGrath's Fish House, the Caballero has a kind-of lodge feel to it, with lots of wood throughout the restaurant. It is a place where you can bring the family or out-of-town guests. When we arrived at the restaurant we were immediately seated. Our waitress "Sam" short for Samantha took our dink orders and told us  about their Sunday brunch and instructed us to go help ourselves pointing out first where everything was situated. TODAY WE HAD BRUNCH: For $20 per person the brunch offered a nice selection of seafood items like; crab legs, peel and eat shrimp, claims on the half shell, bagels cream cheese, smoked salmon, a carving station serving up roast beef, omelets made to order at their omelet station, waffle station, a selection of fresh fruits, salad, and the usual bacon and sausage, biscuits and gravy,  eggs benedict and a list of other dishes. The brunch also comes with champagne or they  have a mimosa plus your choice of beverages like ice tea, coffee or soda. The brunch also included a small desert table that had miniature cupcakes, macaroons and a few other pastry items on it.  All in all the brunch buffet food was fair. Nothing spectacular and not good enough to make an other half hour drive for. Don't get me wrong it was OK but that's about it. It's a brunch buffet. What can you really expect? Most of the food didn't appeal to me which is rare because I basically eat any and everything all the time. FOOD:They had a decent variety of food, Not spectacular but the quality of food just wasn't there. The roast beef was good but what I expected.  Are you getting my drift here? Nothing exceeded  (or possibly even met) expectations, which was disappointing. They featured very few "wow" items. eggs benedict, omelets made to order sausage, bacon, Belgian some fruit, salad, crab leg, clams (rubbery), smoked salmon (not lox). Some of the better dishes I encountered was: The omelets they were made to order as was the waffles which were piping hot and tasty. SERVICE: Our waitress "Sam" was warm, very attentive, friendly and cordial but not overbearing. it was superb.  It is what you'd expect when you go out to eat.  PRICE:  IMO At $20.00 per person it is a tad pricey. CONCULSION: I have to believe that in order to rate a true restaurant experience, you have to take everything into consideration. Food and service. You will walk away stuffed. Nice atmosphere. The service is the type of service that will keep me coming back.  RETURN FACTOR: 0% on the buffet brunch but I will definitely try this place again for dinner. It deserves another shot.************************* What does my OVERALL rating mean?*************************5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well! 4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business. 3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again. 2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family. 1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISHMENT
2	food was good.  service was poor.could not get a Ice Tea refill after we got our plates.  My wife got a 'pecan chicken salad'  no pecans.  when I brought it to our servers attention  she found out from the back they were out..... ok if you are out and cant provide what is on the menu,  shouldnt you offer a substitution ???  what if I was $3 short for my bill ??  so  food was 'good'  not bad not excellent but good,  but will not return based on service.
2	My wife Carol & I came here today for a late lunch (around 3pm) the place was empty we were shown to a table by the hostess then we sat waiting for someone to take our drink and food order. Finally a gal came over and asked if anyone has waited on us. We told her no. She took our drink order and asked if we knew what we wanted to eat. We told her we were ready to order. We got an order of calamari for our appetizer. Carol got chicken with Shiitake mushrooms, garlic mashed potatoes  and grilled zucchini. I got a steak with whiskey sauce, garlic mashed potatoes and grilled zucchini. The calamari was extremely chewy and bland. The garlic sauce that came with it for dipping added nothing to it at all.I took a few bites of my steak and that was it for me. The sauce was to sweet for my liking. I tried the garlic mashed potatoes and it had very little taste, frankly I stopped at one bite of it. The grilled zucchini was bland so I pushed my plate away from me because I had enough.My wife tried her chicken and said it was dry so she asked for more garlic sauce. Our waitress brought it over but the chicken was so dry and just lukewarm so she didn't want another bite. She tried the mashed potatoes and agreed with me they had little to no taste and they weren't real hot. She did eat the zucchini though.A different waitress came by and saw I didn't touch my meal and told me she would take it off my bill. She asked my wife if she wanted a box for hers. My wife replied no. My meal was taken off the bill but frankly we shouldn't have been charged for my wife's meal either because neither one of us really ate more than a few bites of our entrees.FOOD: Reasonable portion sizes. I was not impressed. A good steak shouldn't be topped with a sauce. Chicken was dry (over cooked) Our food did arrive quickly. Almost to quick if you know what I mean. SERVICE: Considering the place was empty it could have been much better. CONCULSION: The burgers looked good so I may try them on another visit. If they aren't then I'm done.  RETURN FACTOR: 90%.************************* What does my OVERALL rating mean?*************************5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well! 4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business. 3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again. 2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family. 1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISHMENT
3	Please work on/with ur servicersHelp out if needed to decrease wait time for drinks...And how do u make a Rasberry Cosmo (on ur cocktail list) w/o Rasberry Vodka??!    w/ Chambord?!Good Food , Good Beer Selection
4	We have twice been to the Sunday Brunch now.. at $20 a person it is a bit more pricey than the regular buffet that we would enjoy... That being said... the crab was better by far, sweet & firm snow crab that was nice in color! The atmosphere is defiantly better and the fact that they throw in mimosas... what a great way to spend a Sunday morning with my man! The ceviche (add catsup)  was wonderful both times, served with their homemade fresh tostado shells... also enjoyed was the bagels with smoked salmon, cream cheese, red onion, egg and missing were the capers.. Also in the bar was nice sized two bite shrimp that were worth the time to peel, although they did run out of cocktail sauce for the shrimp  (What buffet runs out of cocktail sauce, but I guarantee IF there is one in the Valley that is out, I WILL pick that day to visit!) The second time they had the cocktail sauce and it was homemade and great, with fresh horseradish.  I have to admit we completely bypassed the breakfast array and the prime rib/roast butt combo being passed off. However, I am gluten free and he both times we went in for the seafood and ate several lbs. of it. That being said, do realize there is a full made to order omelet and Belgian waffles Bar. Dessert - Ugh... we totally bypassed it... I could picture all the little cheesecakes/cakes lined up in their Costco or Smart & Final packaging. I tried to order a flan, but this "Fresh Modern American Grill" did not offer any on the menu. All in all, we will go back to enjoy the seafood offerings and will watch for another coupon deal, (I found a Groupon and also a mailed out flyer)
1	What a horrible experience. After asking 3 times we were handed a handful of silverware and a handful of napkins. They must have been out of drinking glasses because we received small wine glasses and minimal refills. Out of 4 orders 1 was missing its side, one item was cold, one was an overpriced waste of time and the 4th meal was wrong. We came here to celebrate a special occasion and left with a especially bad experience.
1	Started out very good, service was great, ordered food great,  but then they brought our food and my daughter medium well steak was brought RAW. So I give my waiter the plate.  MY daughter is now waiting for her dish. We waited for her dish 15 more min, while we are waiting none of us our eating. She finally gets her food and it was good, but now our food is cold. So we will c what happens! !!!!!! So the waiter still tries to charge me for my full meal. This place was A VERY VERY DISAPPOINTING PLACE. EVEN WORSE WAS THE OWNER Was at the bar socializing and not once ask what the problem was. Left my number on my ticket if he wants to discuss the problem.
5	Paul the owner stopped by to check on our experience... great service, we look forward to the splurge of the Sunday Brunch. (Thank you for the Nascar tickets Paul!)
1	First, the service was very bad. The bartenders were DRINKING after the customers and the OWNER was sitting there with them socializing and DRINKING his own beer.  It was hard to believe even after seeing it.My girlfriend tried the Key Lime Pie Martini.  It was WAY too strong and the sugar on the rim was gooey and running down the glass. It was impossible to even drink half of it. For my self, I ordered the Blueberry Mojito and it was disgusting. It was the equivalent of biting down onto a mint leaf with every sip, I could barely stand it. Should rename it the "Extra extra Mint Mojito"Basically, we gave it a try and we won't be back.
5	Very nice place.  Enjoyed our visit.  We really found this to be a classy atmosphere.  Will definitely be back!
5	Perfect. Love everything about this place. Great food.  Awesome drinks. Great service. The food is fantastic. I love the salmon Oscar.  The ceviche is amazing.   You can't go wrong with anything on the menu
2	Food was good, service poor.  Service was poor, food was good??!! What's up with this place?  I took my little woman out for lunch, they have a reasonable lunch menu (we had to ask). Our waitress (Amanda) was pretty attentive. We were going to order from the lunch menu but heard so much about the French Dip we ordered those and the street tacos appetizer (3 small carne asado-which were actually pretty good but $8.50?) Anyway, I digress.  This place shows real good inside and out so we were hoping to get a better than average meal. In all fairness, we should have sampled two different things but we went for the French Dip. Nice bread and good portion. I don't mean to beat a dead horse unless, of course, that horse winds up on my sandwich.  It was absolutely the WORST french dip I have ever had-Arby's puts it to shame. The horseradish sauce (?) was a nice touch but absent any horseradish. The au jus was flavorless just like the meat. We also had the caramel cheesecake dessert which was excellent!  Some of the other entrees looked promising however, I doubt I am willing to run the risk. Looks like a fun place for Happy Hour, though!
5	Amazing food!!!! Best Mexican/American mixed cuisine I've had in a loooooong time!!! Definitely recommend, and will be back again! :)
5	Great food and service. My husband and I came on Thanksgiving during happy hour and they have great food and prices.
2	While the food was acceptable, the service at this establishment was a complete miss.  The waiter served food and then three minutes later came with utensils.  An empty basket of tortilla chips was removed from the table and suddenly appeared filled after we were finished with our entrees.  And the hostess couldn't be bothered with saying goodbye as we made our way to the door.  I would think a little basic service training would be in order.
5	This place is without a doubt the best place I've eaten at all year.. Their friendly staff is great, and the food is even better!! I ordered a dish called "chicken phoenix." Wal-nut crusted chicken?? If you've never had it, one time is all you'll need and, believe me you will be coming back for more in no time.. Caballeros is so good I had to thank the manager for such delightful service and great tasting food..
5	We went for Sunday brunch, & it was our first time there. The brunch was the best we've had in a long time. There were crab legs, shrimp, smoked salmon & bagels, prime rib carving station, omelet & waffle station, fajitas, lots of side items, & desserts. And that's not even everything!  BTW, Mimosas are included, too. All of the hot food was piping hot & tasted very fresh, & the staff was very gracious. It's not a cheap brunch @ $20 per person, but you are getting high-quality food & service. We'll definately go back.
5	I love this place. It has a good size. I like how it's not all open and there are several different areas to sit. Lighting is very good here. Drinks are not priced as I would like but the environment is so nice as well as excellent service and food I don't mind paying more for drinks. I've had the burgers, pub steak and the chicken with some cream sauce and they are all excellent!!! Can't wait to eat here again.
3	After our last few visits I feel the need to go ahead and update my review... We really enjoy the Sunday Brunch, the crab is great and I LOVE the ceviche! I have to admit though, the service is not what it was when we started going... Maybe our server from the first few times spoiled us... but now I almost feel like I am a being a bother... we generally sit in the bar, seat yourself... then being that its a buffet, help yourself... What has happed the last few times is that we wait some time for the drinks.... wait for refills... I hate being a bother to ask for a shell cracker, or there are no cups for butter... (table not stocked, ect...) The last time we left it was just disappointing... We got a gal behind the bar to get something, who obviously said something to the server... who then came back to complain to us?!?!  She actually made the comment, "so you don't like me huh?"Serious??? Uh, that's a first...
1	I called an order in for pick up. One would think I would get a friendly person...nope. One would think they'd ask for my name... Nope. A total on the order? Nope. I arrived and there was a group of airmen waiting, and a couple waiting in front of me. The couple commented to me twice about the fact no one was waiting on us.  Finally after about 5 minutes wait, I got to the counter. I was told by a girl in sweats that she couldn't help me and then a lady came out, passed me by and tried to seat a couple behind me. They told her I was next. She threw a receipt at me, took my card and then shoved it back. No words. Another chick said bye on my way out. Got home, hungry, ready to have lunch with my husband and son.  I ordered simple food. Two cheeseburgers, cheddar, well done. Wedge salad. Easy, right? Nope. My burgers were both medium at best. Awful after being reheated. Had no seasoning. The wedge? Was made with romaine not iceberg, had hardly any blue cheese crumbles, and the dressing was runny and flavorless.  We will never return.  Yuck. Awful food and horrendous staff.
2	The place is nice but it would be great if they would be consistent... Every time you go the food is different
1	Very disappointed. Great looking restaurant but when we got seated we had to have them wipe down the table because it smelled of mildew from the last wipe down. Then when they gave me my lemonade refill the glass was broken. I ordered the rotisserie chicken special, the veggies and potatoes were fine but the chicken was so dry I couldn't eat it. However the waiter never came back around for me to tell him until he came to drop off the check. I complained and he literally said " aw we started out great but didn't finish with a bang" and handed the check to us. I had to get up and ask for the manager and the owner actually came out to me a few minutes later but didn't seem to care much either. He did take my dinner the additional ADULT lemonade they charged me for that was for my 2 year old son AND the chips and salsa they gave us without us asking or and then charged us for it. It's pretty clear that we will not be going back to this restaurant.
2	First time I've been here and I don't plan on going back. The food was fine, nothing special, basically nothing you can't make at home. The biggest downfall was the service. Me and my wife waited 45 mins for our food and once it arrived the server never came back to check on us. He didn't provide any utensils so when I went up to the bar to ask the ladies for them they barely acknowledged me and tossed the napkin wrapped utensils in my general direction. After that it was another 30 mins before we were able to get a hold of a waiter to get our check and this time I had my card in hand and chased the waiter down to give it to him ASAP before he made himself scarce.
5	Updating again! I do have to clarify this is for the Sunday Buffet Brunch! I have not visited eating off the regular menu.  We just really love this place and the last visit was fantastic! Sierra was our server and she was a treasure! The food was great and I could see that there had been a few changes made... items were stocked.. people were moving like they actually worked there! The spread is pretty similar everytime we have been there, BUT... last time I discovered something new... (could have been there prior but being gluten free I tend to not pay attention to the desserts) It looked so good and I wondered... YES Sierra assured me, a FLOURLESS CHOCOLATE CAKE! :o) Endless crab & flourless chocolate cake... life is complete!
1	We stopped here on our way to Goodyear from Phoenix. We wanted to try something that we don't have back home. Simply.. We made the wrong choice stopping here and there is a reason we don't have this place back home.  It was Sunday so I had the brunch and it started off great. There is an omelet bar and a carving station, though I stayed away from that meat because it looks as it if was sitting under a heat lamp for a week. Omelet was great and so were the Eggs Benedict. Then the food quality took a nose dive. The potatoes were little rocks, the bacon was mainly just a mound of uncooked fat, most of it looked raw. The "dessert table" was a tiny table of donuts and cupcakes. This place was not designed to hold a buffet and that's a fact. Side note: The brunch comes with all you can drink mimosas so I figured.. why not? It took me 30 minutes just to get one of them and 2 seconds to realize why they are free.  My wife decided to stay away from the buffet and ordered a salad. Her salad promised "mixed greens and candied pecans". It arrived and the lettuce was white, pure white, not a leaf of green.. Just the nastiest parts of a bag of iceberg lettuce. The only thing eatable in the salad was the chicken.  When our waitress finally returned to our table, we only saw her when she took our order and my water glass sat empty for a good 40 minutes, I told her the salad was disgusting. She took it off the bill, which made me happy but honestly if she hadn't offered to I would had demanded it to be taken off because there is no way we are paying for garbage.   Stay away from this place and don't make the same mistake we did. There MUST be far better options in the area.
2	Disappointing. We were tired after a long drive & a game, and I found this place on yelp and it sounded ok. Our waitress didn't bring us silverware so we had to eat our appetizer without forks or napkins. When she dropped our dinners off & we asked for silverware & napkins, she was like, "oh, ok" very nonchalantly & took her time getting them to us (I should add it was about 5:30 on a Tues. & the restaurant was not at all busy). My husband and two of my kids ordered burgers and they said they were dry, overlooked & bland. I ordered the eggplant and it was so overfried that you couldn't even tell what it was. To the waitress's credit, she did ask if I wanted something else. The beer list was pretty good, but that's about the only positive we experienced here.
1	We came with a party of approximately 30. The service was semi decent. They were slow. At my table two of us ordered pub steak medium rare and it came out well done like leather and super salty. The chicken on the Gorgonzola salad was dry. The salad had very little dressing and too much lettuce. Guac was ok and salmon was ok. Overall had to drink to wash down the over priced meal.
2	I hate that I have to post a negative review. I am giving this place two stars because we were sat immediately. Outside of that the food was less than desirable. The waitress could not get the orders correct. My daughter ended up with my brother's drink and spicy mustard on her sandwich. We had to send it back for the correct order. Needless to say we will not return.
2	Well here it goes. We were seated rather quickly as a party of six. Drinks were ordered but it took a while to get them. Interesting since there were only two cars in the parking lot and the floor staff out numbered the patrons. We ordered pretty quick. So let's start with the street tacos. They are just pot roast in a small corn tortilla with onions. We asked if they had pico the server said no. Next my dad's pulled pork sandwich . This was more dryer than a desert and needed sauce. Well it also needed to be not a solid piece of pork. This told me one thing ...my order needs to be something that they can't mess up. So I got a quesidilla with chicken. It was good. But not filling but safe. My niece wanted the pretzel sandwich with no spice mustard. It came out with spicy mustard. So we sent it back and she drank her soda while we ate. Speaking Of Soda , Out Drinks Sat empty For 25 minutes. Server only realized it and brought us drinks when the food came out.  Server was not familiar with the menu I listen to her at neighboring tables so it was not that she did not like us. That was just her in general. I say avoid this place unless the impossible zombie apocalypse happens and this is the last place for food. Two stars because reading other reviews shows they can get it right. Unfortunately just not when I was there.
5	I eat here several times a month, both lunch and dinner. For lunch I love the fish sandwich or a burger and sweet potato fries. For appetizers the Avocado Chimis, YUM!!! For dinner I usually choose a salmon plate and the Salmon Oscar is tops, you wont be disappointed. This is my favorite restaurant in Goodyear.
5	I REALLY Like This Place!  Its' a bit of a drive but ABSOLUTELY worth it!  TONS of Great CRAFT BEER on Tap & in Bottles.  Sunday Brunch is To Die For!  $20 includes all the usual breakfast stuff plus waffles made to order, crab legs, a ceviche bar & BOTTOMLESS MIMOSAS.Happy Hour rocks as well with great deals on food and beer.  The bar staff is knowledgeable, and the place itself is Beautiful.  A great anytime getaway.
1	Me and my husband had a late dinner for the first time a few days ago. The restaurant was pretty empty, except for a few tables on patio. First, it took 25-30 minutes for our waiter to acknowledge we were there, then it took another 15 minutes to get our drinks. We finally had to talk to hostess to see if we could get some service, our waiter finally arrived with our drinks...no apologies or acknowledgement that he was taking unusually long. We finally ordered our food and it was not great. The steak we ordered was cold, i asked for rare, but it was cold and barely cooked. The mash potatoes were rubbery and gummy, like they had been sitting all day and over mixed. I didn't even finish my food. If you need to get a late night dinner, go somewhere else- between the service and food, we won't ever be going back.
5	Incredibly friendly staff with great ownership...The burgers are incredible and they have great atmosphere.My kind of placeBruce PatrickGoodyear
5	this restaurant rocks. great service, amazing food. definitely give this place a try!
1	My husband & I went here tonight for our friends birthday. The waiter took forever (& it was not busy) he did not stay on top of refilling our drinks or even checking back with us, we asked about an appetizer & he could not explain what anything was or if it was good or not. (Server name: Joshua.) When it came time our food was delivered, he couldn't recall who's meal was who's. Our friend, the birthday boy, ordered the daily special, the mahi mahi, a 15 dollar meal, the fish came cold an uncooked. We had to hunt down the waiter to let him know it needed to be sent back, he brought out a manager who did not apologize, and just took the plate. After 20 minutes he finally received his food (after the rest of us had finished) as we waited for him to eat, we were all brought our bill & they only comped him one bar drink. We all expressed we were not happy with the service, he brought his bill back to the manager who finally comped his meal. She again walked out and dropped the bill and said, here you go, & nothing else. (Such poor management) we sat for a while and was never talked to again by anyone who worked here! I will never recommend this place to anyone or come back. Very disappointed for a first experience.
4	I think this is a place where it's going to be hit or miss, thankfully I've gotten 2 hits and no misses. Came in around the time the Fiesta Bowl was in town, lots of activity, fans, family, whomever were all in for dinner and drinks. This was the second time being in this place so I knew that the last time I'd had a really great steak and ordered it again. Sat in the dining area by the bar, got the impression for a split second that service might be an issue due to the amount of people there and that wasn't the case at all. The order went in, the food came out, correctly and cooked perfectly, I even asked to talk to to the manager and made it clear how pleased we were, he was pleased we were pleased, very genuine and was working the room not like other places where they camp out in the back or spend the night flirting with the staff. Profession = Profitable and they were doing that when I was there. I see some poor reviews, fortunately wasn't that type of experience for us!
1	The service and the food here are both terrible. My boyfriend and I went here for lunch on a Saturday. It wasn't busy at all. We walked in and there was no one there to seat us. We waited and waited but no one came, so we thought that maybe we were supposed to seat ourselves. Finally a waitress came over and saw us looking confused so she finally seated us. I ordered the Coronado chicken sandwich which was so bland and dry that I could hardly eat it. My boyfriend ordered the pulled pork sandwich and he said that was terrible, too. Needless to say, we won't be back.
1	Our family was getting ready for a hike but needed to get lunch last Sunday.  We have been to this building before, but not since it was this restaurant.  We were seated right away, and our waitress was somewhat friendly.  I was going to order off the menu but saw some others getting up for crab legs.  I went back and forth trying to decide because crab legs sounded good, but I usually only eat at very high end buffets because otherwise I am usually disappointed.  I told the waitress I was trying to make up my mind.  She highly recommended the buffet.  So my husband and son ordered off the menu and I got the buffet.  After my first bite I wished I had gone with my gut feeling.  I had a couple crab legs....Very watery and cold...I don't mind them when they are chilled as long as they are not seeping with water.  I then went to try the watery shrimp, and then the breakfast items.  I was not excited that I was paying $20 for waffles since I was not eating anymore of the crab and shrimp.  My waitress walked by and I explained to her I wish I went with my gut feeling and ordered from the menu.  She said "yea, I usually don't like buffets either"  GREAT, thanks for recommending it to me??  After a few cold chewy bites of the breakfast food I gave up.  Our bill was over $58 for a lunch that none of enjoyed.  Will not be back!
4	While taking our drink orders upon seatingOur server and I had this little story about Pepsi/Coke productsI like Coke and I was craving it but was a little sad when I found out they only had Pepsi productsNo biggieI didn't get her name but she was the epitome of a great server...Short, cute, young lady, long with dark hair... While handing us menus, I informed her that it was our first time dining at Caballeros and her face lit up with excitementShe pretty much sat down beside me and showed me the appetizersShe gave good opinions in the ones she thought were good and the ones that were popularAfter that she gave more input on main dishes and the ones she thought I would likeSince it was a new restaurant dining experience we both thought it was necessary to try something different, something this particular restaurant offered that others might not haveHowever, I was being very basic and hungryI opted for a cheeseburger and friesJust a cheeseburger and friesI felt bad but it was what I was craving, I was legit hungryThe experience overall was very fun and the food was goodNext time I will have to try the Chicken Phoenix, Pasta De PaRilla, Pub Steak, and Green Chili PorkThe beer selection is really decent here as well
1	Went here on a Tuesday night. Walked in no hostess... 2 employees walked by no one offered to help until I asked someone to grab her. I'm 8 months pregnant with twins. We were given a booth.  Of course my baby belly didn't fit so I went back and asked for a table. The look that the hostess gave me was as if 8 was asking for the world.  I has the sword fish tacos that I loved! The boyfriend has a pasta dosh that he described as dry and my mother a burger.... no condiments offered.... i did try everyone else's food and I'm pretty sure they don't pre salt any of their food. Even my dessert. The salted caramel cheesecake.  Seemed to he just a large section of a tart with caramel slapped on....blah we probably won't be returning here.
2	Service was very slow. Waitress was very pushy trying to pickup our food while we were still eating! Food was very basic and no signature dish to bring me back. I see others rating this much higher so I may take another look, but with do many good restaurants out there I am not in a hurry.
4	We've only been once and we both ordered the same thing - the Poblano Cheeseburger - but I've got to say it was one of the best hamburgers I've ever had.  ETA (editing to add): so much for that good hamburger.  We went back for the third time the other day and they were closed.  For good!  :-(
1	Ten members of my family made reservations for Sunday brunch today for mother's day! Horrible experience for service and especially the food! First off for 35 dollars per person their hardly was any food out, and what was out was dried out and hardly edible. So right off the bat 3 people in our party decided against doing the brunch because of how bad it looked so they ordered from the menu. I would love to tell you how that was but they never received their food. The rest of us still tried the brunch because the waitress promised more food...nothing got better even down to not having any plates. They weren't even busy so I don't know what happened with that. Worst part was we told the waitress how we felt and I'm sure she could see how displeased we were and didn't even offer to make things right...so after 230.00 Bill we left hungry and angry. By the way at least 2 different customers were nodding their head and felt how we did...do yourself a favor pay 10 bucks more and hit up the Phoenician for mother's day brunch.
4	We've been here many times for late dinners (they stay open way past other restaurants), and had always heard about their buffet.  So, we decided to get up early this morning and head over to check it out.We were seated immediately, and noticed it wasn't overly crowded (about a half hour later it was quite crowded).  We ordered our iced teas and headed to the buffet.  I thought the food was fresh and delicious.  There was a nice bunch of options, something for everyone.  I had some salad, mac n' cheese, breakfast potatoes (yum!), carnitas, bacon and eggs benedict on my first go around--a small sampling of a few things.  My hubby got most of what I got, but he also went for the biscuits and gravy, which he seemed to enjoy.  My second plate was what I was truly waiting for...a trip to the omelet bar.  I'm a sucker for an omelet made in front of me...LOL!  I got an onion and light bacon cheese omelet.  They didn't have bacon as an option, but when I asked for it, she ran in the back to get me some...nicely crumbled and crispy.  I also asked for it well done, and it was perfectly made.  I also got a small waffle with syrup, which was at the omelet bar, since she was also making fresh waffles.Around the corner, by the bar, they had a small seafood bar and some desserts.  I went over to check that out.  I was a bit surprised that they had peel and eat shrimp, but no cocktail sauce around.  There should be some, if only as an option for those who didn't want the sauce they had in a big bowl (not sure what kind it was).When we finished our main meal, we got a plate of their desserts, which were some small cannolli's, miniature cupcakes (4 different flavors), big chocolate chip cookies and some kind of squares.  (I'm not sure what the squares were, but to me they were too sweet; however, my hubby loved them.)  The best were the cupcakes...moist and fresh, and the icing wasn't overly sweet.All in all, we really enjoyed everything we had.  The service was a bit slow, so it took a while for us to get our check and get it picked up.  But, everyone was very nice.Would we go again?  Definitely!  But, we'd make sure to get there early, since it got kinda crazy as we were leaving.  There were a lot of people waiting to be seated.
3	Everything about this place is fine.  Nothing amazing, but nothing terrible.We made a reservation for a large group for reverse happy hour, but when we arrived, the server was very confused about what the specials actually were.  I'm guessing not a lot of people in this area utilize Happy Hour.Service was fine.  Our server seemed like he was in a bad mood and was ready for his night to be over.  The food was fine.  The drinks were fine.Maybe our standards are too high, but none of us will likely return.
1	A pretty horrible experience.First of all, they literally served me a black larger in a glass that was actually warm, not room temp. I asked the bartender to put it in a chilled glass and he did but with a very unacceptable attitude. When my waitress eventually come back around I asked her if they thought the beer was supposed to be served warm, she replied 'yes'. So they think they have some level of sophistication because they think they know better than the crowds. Let me educate you about beer temp... 'warm beer' is actually cellar temperature and should be no warmer than 53F. The beer I was served was MUCH warmer than this, and it is more offensive to serve it warmer than cooler than expected. Second, this was a larger, not an ale, it is supposed to be served chilled (lower than 46F). Third, this was a Port Brewing beer, which I drink frequently because Port Brewing is minutes from where I live and they serve it chilled. Forth, its 100F+ outside, warm beer really? Then when I order my next beer chilled, they give me a selection of two other beers, I select one, they give me the other instead. Just horrible service. I was pretty courteous throughout the whole mess, I just don't think it worth making a scene. So this treatment was not due to my behavior. The food: The seared ahi tuna was pretty much a white pink, horrible quality. The salsa was pretty much soup, so you simply cant eat it with a corn chip.No way would i ever recommend anyone come here.
1	We used to love this place...about 2 years ago. It has gone downhill fast. The food is mediocre at best and the service is just awful. Servers are inattentive and there appears to be no manager...ever. We frequently saw the owner getting drunk at the bar, guess that explains everything! Too bad because the beer menu is awesome but there's no other reason to go.
2	So So, overpriced food and service  nice micro brew selection. I had bison burger and wife had one of their salads ( lettuce was wilted chicken was dry).  She also had blueberry mojito - Not Good! Not impressed could save some $$$ and had better meal at Red Robin.
1	This is the third time my wife and I had visited this establishment.  The first time I got the pulled pork slider.  It was wonderful so I thought I would get it again.  That was a mistake as it has horrible.  I asked the waitress if there had a change in management or change in chef.  She replied no and asked if something was bad.  I proceeded to explain how bad the pulled pork was and how good it was a few month before.  She informed me that there had been a change in that menu item.  I told her to put it back to the original as it was horrible and no one could eat it.  My questioned about her chicken.  Both meals were comped.  I will not be returning.  The service was also terrible.
5	Love this place. Food is excellent and so is the beer selection! The staff always makes you feel at home and is very knowledgeable about the menu and the different beers! Highly recommend this place and love coming here!
5	Awesome brunch!  Great quality food, excellent value for your money.  And the bottomless mimosas are included!  Eggs Benedict, crab legs, shrimp ceviche, omelette and waffle bar, biscuits and gravy, and more!  What a great meal!
3	This place, sleek on the outside, but once you're inside leaves something to be desired. You expect a new American restaurant with fresh flavor, craft beer, and an urban upbeat environment, but when setting foot in the door you're greeted with the dullness of an abandoned Chili's. The theme of the restaurant does not fit what the name exudes. I expected something much more. This place needs a total revamp in terms of theme and at the very minimum furniture and wall color. Also, I don't get the music. The latest adult hits?? Better luck next time.
4	Came here for my cousins baby shower and got the Sunday brunch. It was very good! Especially with the bottomless mimosas! Everything was hot and flavorful! Loved the eggs Benedict and crab legs!! The scrambler was full of flavor, I added mushrooms and ham. The waffles were fluffy and yummy as well. I will be taking my family here in a couple weeks. If you do not have a big appetite do not go because unless you can eat a lot you won't get your 22 dollars worth... For a not so big girl... I can eat! ;)
1	Worst customer service  walked in with 7 in my party. Hostess didn't properly greet us no one in restaurant told us 30 min wait and had several tables open. Very short and rude
1	Will not return.  Staff was not friendly, wait staff did not know the menu. Service was very slow. When we requested to speak to management or the owner he would not come out to talk with us, even though the hosts told us he was there. She said I'm sorry we a r not suppose to get him anymore for customer complaints. That statement speaks volumes.  Instead some young lady calming to be one of the managers came out only to tell us we could have a free sample. This was actually are second time there because the first time was not good so we wanted to give them another try. But my advice is to stay away from this.place.
1	I think they've closed.  I've gotten some FB posts that last night was their last.  Sad to see them go...
1	Yep closed for good, too bad because it was a pretty good place overall.
4	Sorry to say they closed on July 13, 2014 per the posting on the door. They will be missed. The West Valley needs more places like this. Enough with the commercial giants and the fried bar food establishments. We are very sad to see them close.
1	FYI   just wanted to let anyone know that may be listening,   I just noticed I had a email response from the Manager at Caballero Grill  sorry for the service we got and wanted some feedback from me.  Just saw it have not gotten back,  so it seems it could have been just a 'bad' night for us and the Management is on their game over there,  will update it anything changes.
