5	Park Road Location:  My 6 year old was in the need of some care from and ENT and I tried to find some reviews online and there were not that many so I thought I would help out the next Mom by adding my review. I felt the customer service at Charlotte Eye Ear Nose & Throat Associates PA was fantastic from the point of my call to their office to schedule my visit, to the desk when I signed in and signed out. We saw Larry the PA and he was so great with my 6 year old and my 3 year old who joined us for the visit. The advise we were given and information sent me away that I got a proper diagnosis and the information I needed to help treat my son with his condition. I have no complaints and hope this review will help you in making your decision.
4	My daughter has had 2 surgeries here and I must say that the staff is above par.  Always timely about getting you back and keeping you on schedule.  Waiting area on the 3rd floor is nice and sizeable but don't be surprised if you get there and it's packed.  This place does a high number of operations daily it appears.  The doctors that work here and the staff joke around with the kids and make them relaxed and try to relieve any anxiety that they might have.  They have a great bed side manner about them.
4	Definitely a fan of this place!  I started going here for hearing tests and was very nicely surprised at the professionalism of the staff.  There is a ton of parking across the street in the parking garage.  My advice would be to get an early appt because they get slammed with people.  If you are unsure where to go, the front desk on the first floor is very helpful and can direct you.The building is very clean and nice and all of the facilities (at least in Audiology) were new and state-of-the-art.
1	THIS PLACE WAS AWFUL TO ME. I came in to get a scar on my nose fixed and the doctor told me he would take care of it but needed to do another surgery first. He screwed up the major surgery and I had to come in for a second surgery that I had to pay for. My scar ended up being WORSE than before I even came to them for help. They did NOTHING to correct this. Terrible.
4	Really pleased with my experience here.  My doc is extremely helpful and nice and the staff and nurses are great as well!
2	I made an appointment because I had an terrible, stabbing ear ache. After waiting nearly an hour after my appointment time, I was quickly ushered into a tiny room and without being asked anything, I was given a hearing test. I never asked for it and don't know why it was done. Then after another long waiting period, the doctor finally saw me and he tells me I have hearing loss. He looks into my aching ear and bluntly tells me I have no infection but rather TMJ which really, really scared me. I think he was wrong because two days later I had infected bumps on the side of my face and after it cleared, no more pain. The entire visit was a horrible waste of time which didn't help me at all and took nearly three hours!
2	Be prepared to wait. We were told to be here at 11:15 for an 11:40 appointment. Coming up on an hour wait, ugh!After waiting over an hour to see the doctor, and to only talk to him for 5 minutes, was very disappointing.  The appointment was for my Mother who was previously told she could undergo a specific eye surgery and then upon arriving and pre-op review, she was not qualified. Not only was the experience in this office disappointing, it was a disappointing day for my Mother after expectations were expected.
1	I went there for an annual eye exam with Dr. Atlas and experienced some of the worst customer service I've ever seen at a doctors office. The receptionist who checked me in did not know how to properly do it, and had to seek help from 3 other receptionists. If someone is hired for a job they should be properly trained in it before performing the job itself. The communication between the doctors office and the contacts department was nonexistent. The nurse at the office told me it would be fine to not dilate my eyes, and when I was sent to the contact department they said I needed to be dilated and sent back to the office for another part of the exam. This was after over an hour had passed. I went back to the other waiting room to learn that they did not request for me to come back or be dilated. Although the original nurse from the office gave me the reversal drops for the dilation, their communication issues need to be addressed. Needless to say, today they lost 3 patients including myself and my family. Get it together.
5	I had the LASIK procedure performed by Dr. Ugland and highly recommend him. He performs LASIK on all of the Carolina Panthers, so if the NFL trusts him... I think you're good! :)First, you go in to see if you qualify. After that, you cant wear contacts for 2 weeks, put a few drops in and go in for the procedure. The prep for the procedure takes about 45 mins. The procedure itself probably takes 20 mins. Plan to be there 2 hours (includes waiting time). They will give you some Zanex to relax and trust me it helps. I didn't mind the contraption holding my eye open at all. I was TOTALLY relaxed.  Dr. Ugland and the nurses are totally warm, comforting and sweet, so that helps you relax also.That day, you wear shields on your eyes (plastic see through covers) and go to sleep. The more you can rest, the better/faster you heal. I got up for a bit to eat dinner and that's it. Your eyes will feel slightly gritty like some sand is in them. Mentally prepare yourself before the procedure to NOT RUB YOUR EYES. Then you lubricate and put eye drops in your eyes every few hours to avoid an infection. You will naturally want to put wetting drops as they feel more dry.The only side effect I experienced was that there's a halo around lights at night and  had some red spots on the white parts of my eyes from the pressure of the machine. About a month later it has subsided, but its normal for up to 3 months.The result? Immediate. As soon as I got up from surgery, I could see the clock. I went in for my check up the next day and my vision was almost 20/15.. better than 20/20.Today was my one month follow up and my vision is 20/15.I can see my alarm clock, go swimming, travel with ease... its a miracle :)
3	Dr. Hoover is very personable and knowledgable and his staff members are very nice. The wait time is really challenging for a toddler...an hour past appointment time. I know wait time comes with specialists but this was a bit much. I plan on returning for a follow up with my daughter and have high hopes that it was just an off day.
