5	While out in AZ for Spring Training (GO CUBS!) we ended up at Baer's Den probably 4 or 5 of our 7 night stay. This place is awesome! $2 Mighty on tap (think Fat Tire), what a f'n deal... We drank the crap out of that Mighty, Mighty! Anywho, I met some amazing folks over at Baer's Den and have stayed in touch with them since being there and plan on meeting them back out there in March 2010... Oh and let's not forget the stripper pole, it's a stripper pole made for people 5' or shorter... It's actually hysterical and the drunk men seemed to give it a whirl more then the ladies.  BTW, staff is super friendly too.... Food, I'd give it a "B". Great drink prices. The owner was super friendly. Overall, LOVE IT!Thanks for the memories. See ya soon!
4	the only reason this bar didn't get 5 stars is because its a boston bar and i hate boston with a firey passion.  knowing this, you should conclude that this place ROCKS IN EVERY OTHER ASPECT, since it got the most stars allowable with the minus one for the boston garb haha.  hubs and i went to this bar because they had satellite and so they had the ability to play all the baseball games when we were visiting az.  they were happy to put on the angels game for us-yey!  the bartender was a totally chill guy, even gave the hubs a smoke.  and the cook ROCKED !! she was so sweet and she was an angels fan so she came out and kicked it with us.  she even bought us each a shot!! and their prices are greeeeaaat!  its a small place, with great food, and great people.  you can't go wrong at baer's!  (boston sux)
4	Stopped in for a weekend lunch and a beer. The bar tender was extremely friendly and the crowd of regulars all seemed to be having a great time! I ordered a blue moon and cheese burger and my husband ordered the ham and cheese. Both meals were solid.  The Baer's Den is righ across from a new ASU student housing development and according to the bar tender, it's pretty interesting to watch the drunken coeds on Friday and Saturday nights go crazy. But for us older yelpers, there's no need to worry about them interrupting your bar experience. None of them are old enough to get in so you can enjoy your beers in peace.
5	Went here before Tempe Improv based on the reviews.  LOVED IT!  What a great dive bar!  "Freaky" Doug (as he's known) was our bartender.  He was awesome and gave us free shots.  Cheap/free drinks and good service - what more do you need?  We'll be back when we're in this area.
5	This place is a great dive bar near campus. The drinks are cheap and the atmosphere is very relaxed. I highly recommend it if you are just looking to get drinks with a few friends. I would not go to the Baer's Den if you are a fan of the Yankees, since the bar is a Boston bar.
4	Great dive bar.  $10 Fridays are the best.  The best part may be that they don't seem to care if you play games of drink like speed quarters at tables.
1	intr.v. whored, whoring, whores 1. To compromise one's principles for personal gain. I came here a year ago for Karaoke. They treated me like dirt and acted as if they had never heard of such a thing.Tonight some of my friends decided to go and said it was awesome. I decided to give it another chance. BIG mistake. The host of Karaoke night fits the above definition to a T.  I am not one to make personal attacks but this guy kept promising me I would be next and NEVER played my song. I was a paying customer. Let me sing my damn song. Oh but the guy that slipped his tongue in his mouth got to sing before me even though he didn't show up until an hour after I did. I even was able to guess the song he played between each song: April March, Chick Habit. No one else knew that! He let fat pigs and sluts sing before me and I was there when there were only like 5 people in the bar. They paid him off to sing their crappy songs. Granted I'm not the best singer in the world but at least I can follow the lyrics and carry a tune! I will never, ever come here again. Three words: KISS MY ASS!!
4	Great place for cheap drinks. This place is laid back and will let you bring your dog in. They have quality beers on tap for low prices. The location is conveniently located by the lightrail. I would give them 5 stars but they play 2 many damn Boston sports!
5	This little Red Sox bar boasts all the great baseball decorations you would want as a Boston fan!! In addition, They have the BEST karaoke shows on Thursday and Saturday from 9-1 (or later). They have the greatest, friendliest group of bartenders on the planet as well. High accolades for this bar!!!
3	Ok, I like this place. It does get a little warm in there during the summer but its not too bad.The patio is a nice place to chill out with your friends, plus with it being i tempe, you get to see some amazing people watching of drunken stumblers going by.Ya they have karaoke..but it sucks. Their sound system is a freaking joke! the mic is always cutting in and out. If they fixed that, it would be 100 times better.If you hang out there too much, it can become a problem as some o the staff seem to poke their noses into your business.. you just got shut that down as soon as it starts.ALSO- KNOW HOW TO MAKE YOUR COCKTAIL OR SHOT  most of the staff are first timers and really dont know what they are doing behind the bar. But they are friendly and take direction well
5	I've been dying to check this place out and I finally did tonight. Apparently we got there right after it had cleared out, so it was just us, another couple, and the bartender, which I loved. The bartender was super friendly and knowledgeable about baseball which I appreciated. As a diehard Red Sox fan, I adored this place. All the gear and memorabilia around the place put a huge smile on my face. The drinks are super cheap as well. I had two Blue Moons and only paid $6. I also heard that Fridays after 9 its $10 for unlimited well drinks and draft beers. On special nights they also fly in Fenway franks, which I think is totally awesome. Since this place is so close to my pad and fits me so perfectly, I will definitely be going back here in the near future.
5	I love this place.  I've spent many many nights the past four years at school here.  You can't beat $10 dollar special on Fridays and they always have other deals going on.  They also serve food which is good bar food; typical burgers, fries, wings etc.   I def miss hanging out with my friends at this bar now that I'm down with school and wish I could back.
5	I never have a bad time here. Of course, Im a Boston sports fan so I may be biased.This place is my Cheers. I can go in anytime of the week and the bartender knows my name, even if I havent been there in a long time. All the regulars are super nice too. The drinks are great, Sam Adams on tap, the food is greasy and delicious. I almost always go w/ my fiance (not a Boston fan) and they are always more than willing to change a TV to whatever game he wants.And the breakfast....*drool*. They only serve it on the weekends during  football season, it is SO GOOD. The simplest dishes, but they always hit the spot.They also do specials during baseball season. Different hotdogs from different parks, split top rolls and Kayems for Sox/Yanks games, and lobster rolls.
4	Friday nights at the Baer's Den is a must. How can you beat $10 for all you can drink?
5	I love this place. Even someone who isn't a Boston sports fan should like this place. Here's why:Yes, they serve stiff drinks for low prices. Yes, they have Boston sports memorabilia. Yes, they are a dive bar. These are all givens.What do they do that sets them apart you ask?Today I participated in a holiday toy drive. You bring in a toy for less fortunate kids and you get a free drink. I can't think of anything more awesome for the holiday season. I didn't even really want the drink. I just was happy to have the opportunity to help someone in need.Also, they play Sons of Anarchy every Tuesday night. I can't think of any other bar that does this, and I totally dig it.Point in case, this bar is different. They do typical bar things, but also go above and beyond for their customers and community.This is by far my favorite bar, ever, and I've been to quite a few. And I will put my money on the fact that you will love it too.
5	Great wings, stiff pour and nice bartenders. XO Baer's Den 'till we meet again!
2	Its only a 2 by dive bar standards, especially for that area of Tempe. The drinks are pretty much regular price all the time and its usually musical chairs with the (mediocre) staff. Plus, its an umpire hangout during Spring Training in March... seems like a lot of nerds are always hanging out in there rapping about Ben Affleck or Fenway Park. The "drive thru" window on the patio is convenient when you need a beer when you're out having a smoke.
5	The Baer's Den is my bar of choice in Arizona!  Hands down the best service I have ever gotten at a bar, it's like my own Cheers.  Literally when I walk in I am greeted with my name by any of the bartenders, the cook staff, or Scott the owner.  I host a Red Sox fan group that meets at the Baers Den and I can say without hesitation that the ENTIRE staff goes way above and beyond to make our experience a great one.  As far as the parking goes?  Yes space is limited behind the bar itself and that is a shame because it get packed in there from time to time.  There is plenty of signage behind the bar including a sign that has got to be 4' x 8' hanging on the back of the building that has a VERY CLEAR message about parking illegally.  If someone is unable to see the signage back behind the bar, then they shouldn't be behind the wheel to begin with cause that person is putting the rest of us with eyesight at danger.  If you are looking for a great bar with friendly people where the majority of the patrons know each other, then THIS IS YOUR PLACE!   By the way, notice how the only bad review came from someone that parked illegally, and by the owner who didn't want to self gloss and call his bar the best (which it is)?  By the way, the bar has been in business for over 50 years!  That doesn't happen to places that are not GREAT!  Also, good luck bothering the Police and the City with this matter, it's private property so it's a civil matter not a criminal matter.  You sound stupid, occupy self responsibility Lori F!
4	Just stopped by the new location which to me will always be referred to as Franks! I guess I'm dating myself. The new building looks great and of course the bartenders were as friendly as the good old college days. Great patio too! U can't beat this location either if ur in the area and need a place to grab a drink and/or watch the game. My only wish is a more extensive menu.  I think if they threw some bomb tacos, guac or tri tip sandwiches for instance, they would reach a whole new group of peeps. Lookin good Scotty!
4	I like to go here sometimes on friday nights with friends. They have a very young college seen and the drinks and  great drink specials on friday between 9-12 you can pay 10 dollars to get all the drinks you want. This is a great starter bar I have never been on any other night though.
5	Corban,I'd invite you to look at the fact that we all have bad days.  I can't speak on your experience personally of course, but I can say without hesitation that Rena is one of the nicest people out there.  Maybe you happened to catch her on a really tough day?  Just a thought. How great would it be for you to give it another try and come back with a positive experience!  I've been a regular at this bar for over 11years and feel like I can say with confidence, your experience was a rare one.  Give the Den another try, and I bet you'll be glad you did.
5	After walking around on Mill for a bit on New Years Eve we headed back to our hotel for some drinks in our room (the college scene wasn't really what we were looking for that night).  We happened to walk past the Baer's Den, and it was exactly what we were seeking!  We sat outside and they turned a heat lamp on for us.  Drinks were cheap, and though they started out weak we asked for them a little stiffer and they accommodated.
4	Probably the only dive bar I've felt comfortable in. Good specials and a new larger building with plenty of TVs. I wouldn't take a date there but to slam some beers it's worth a shot.
3	The place seems like it could be a great dive bar, and perhaps the waitress was just preoccupied with others as it was busy. She could not describe the beers on tap, nor tell me which were ales, and simply walked away without concluding the conversation. In that moment they lost the 2 stars from my review. Thank goodness the wings were decent.So- if you want bud light and wings with your game, this place is great. Very good daily deals. Lots of TV's... and a waitress that doesn't take any crap.
4	I used to LOVE this bar! They remodeled it from when I used to go. When I first started dating my BF and was new to Phoenix we used to go here a lot. The bartenders here were great! And they knew how to mix a drink! Especially the Asian woman, she was super nice and mixed one of the best sex on the beaches I have ever had! Kept me coming back, I also used to love the vibe of the bar, sometimes it got loud most of the time it was laid back during the summers since ASU students were probably back home.I did have a particular incident which made me stop going so much when a fellow customer called me a "colored girl". I won't say he was racist nor will I say it was the bars fault because honestly he was hassling the bartender also. He was too drunk and talking out of the side of his neck, and his friend with him bless his heart.... but I didn't particular LIKE being in an environment where I was being offended and yet paying the same amount as the next guy. All in all this bar is good and well! I miss coming here, but I no longer live in Phoenix anymore so it's a thing of the past, but if your looking to stray off Mill this wouldn't be a bad place to come!
5	If you are a huge Boston fan and live in Phoenix this is the place to go. It's a small little place tucked away but lots of fun!! The atmosphere is amazing and everyone talked to everyone! I took my dad there to catch a Sox game and we couldn't have had a better time. The food was great and fast and the staff was friendly. Even though it was our first time there we were treated as if we were family!!
5	I can't believe it's taken me this long to write this review.I'm not sure that words can really describe how much I love this bar. I am a little sad that this isn't the original Baer's Den AKA Frank's Friendly Tavern. They had to remodel it due to the hotel next door expanding. I remember the days of couches and leather chairs - the lounge seating was always my favorite. I've had so many wonderful memories at this place - I've been going for the last 8 years! Scotty Baer, the owner, is wonderful and knows how to make his customers happy. If I remember correctly, Friday nights are $10 all-you-can-drink until midnight. So dangerous!Go to this bar, and have a blast! And feel free to use my personalized purse hook at the end of the bar if needed. :)
3	I really want to like this place. They have a lot going for them. Cool staff. Decent food. Good location, good beer, etc. The only problem I have consistently had at Baer's Den is douche bags. Seems like each time me and my friends go there, we run into one or more assholes. For example, loud, creepy, drunk, obnoxious asshats hooting and hollering at the girls walking past who obviously aren't into it, and one of them trying to pick a fight with a female friends of ours when she, politely points out to them that this tactic is not going to get them laid, and is kind of douchy (In much nicer words). I think they need to have a couple bouncers one or two nights per week.
5	I've been here multiple times and it's always such a friendly place to be. Good food and full bar. Perfect place to watch a game.
5	Hands down the best Boston bar in the Phoenix area.  If there is a Boston game on tv....pro or college...it will be on....if it is not...JUST ASK and they'll get it on a tv for you.  All in all...a fun place to watch games with other Boston transplants.
4	I'm stoked for such a chill bar in Tempe by Asu, that's Isn't filled with the typical college frat people that infests Mill Ave on the weekends. I have been going here for awhile and it never let's me have a bad night. Staff is awesome, drinks are legit, and on Fridays with the $10 cover and penny drinks? Couldn't ask for much more. Definitely a favorite of mine. Plus, they are a patriots bar. Sweet!
4	Small and a nice setting, outdoor patio and a lot of high quality tvs in Hd playing sports.   Food was good, and the bartender was cute.  What more do you want?
3	Friendly place with decent beer selection. Just don't believe the hype on the burgers and Philly cheesesteaks. Both were dry, not juicy, and just not that good.
5	Great, cozy little place OFF Mill with great happy hour with both food & drink specials. Lots of tv's and all the sports packages.
4	Being from Boston there is no better place to catch the Pats or sox play. Every time I go I swear that I'm there eating and drinking for 4 hours and somehow my bill is always under 30$. They have killer drink prices! there is definitely and older crowd here sometimes but its not bad, the food definitely is what you would expect dive bar food to be. Nothing special, but very palatable. Baer's is tiny, but it makes up for lack of space with great drinks and a top notch staff. If Scotty Baer is in he'll usually shoot the crap for a while with you and might even get a round on him. Great place if you're looking for some laid back drinks for cheap.
