4	This is a huge store.  Brand new, isles are wide and full of the usual flair you can find at Big Lots.  This store is clean, fresh and new, so it looks fantastic, some of the older stores are stuck in a corner shopping center, run down, disorganized and looks messy.  This is just the opposite.Today, they have the right side as you entered the store organized with Christmas items.  There is a tremendous selection and prices are pretty decent.  The center section appears to be mostly food items, furniture in the back, and electronics front left side.  I am impressed with the large flat screens I saw.  I think they have improved their quality as well as their appearance.  I hope they keep it up!
5	Nicest big lots in town. Totally surprised by the cleanliness and how nice it is laid out as most big lots are clusterf*cks. Good prices and nice location.
4	Uuuhh it's a big lots. We all pretty much know it's a discount store with a bit of everything. I come for dog/cat things as sometimes they surprisingly have good dog snacks like Cloud Star, Dogswell, etc mixed in with typical grocery brands and off brands I've never even heard of. It's a good spot for cheap toys, small cat scratchers and dog sweaters. I'm a fan for that aspect alone. Pets are like owning a kid, they need all kinds of toys and snacks and whatnot that it adds up, but it's half the price here compared to Petco next door. This one isn't as picked over and traveled as others so it's far neater. It is a new store, but they are maintaining it well so hopefully that stays that way.
4	This store is like a huge dollar store. But unlike other big lots I have had the pleasure of going in this one is neat & clean. The staff are nice. Who knew shopping at Big Lots could be such a joy. I ran from here to their and got this and that and some of this. And I will return soon. I give this location 4 stars.
4	This store is quiet new to the neighborhood so for right now, it's nice and clean.  It's the biggest one I've ever been in.  I like going in here to reasonably priced items. Like Olive Oil for example!  I got a nice size bottle for $6.50 Extra Virgin and imported as well.  I picked up a couple cans of spagetti O's for .94 cents each.
1	Horrible. Big Lots is forgetting that they're a discount retailer. Why am I going to go here and pay full retail for generic items? My main problem with today's visit is that they have items in their clearance areas that are not marked down clearance prices. I bring this to their manager's attention, and she tells me that the items weren't where I picked them up. Basically tells me it's not their fault, and too bad. She was the only person in the store not wearing a name tag (believe her name is Margaret.) Never again will I go to Big Lots. Walmart is better and cheaper and their employees are much, much nicer.
4	Clean store, very organized and restocked. The end of holiday specials are almost gone and they are stocking for the next big one,  V-Day. Don't know what you might find here, since stock is changing regularly, sometimes I am amazed at something unexpected at such good prices.
