5	I'm visiting relatives and needed a haircut. Tried a variety of different ways to find a hairstylist in the Winchester area before turning to Yelp. Quickly happened upon Presidential Shave Shop and very, very happy I did. Made an appointment for Saturday morning. The place is extremely clean and the staff very professional and friendly. The owner still does cuts and his chair is front and center. The others are arranged in a star pattern around the center. I enjoyed chatting with some regulars, who also happen to be second generation clients as I awaited my turn. Had a nice glass of lemon infused water, but they also offer a K-cup variety if you need some cafe or hot chocolate. Anthony my barber greeted me and showed me to the chair. They have a very nice space around them and you almost have the feeling of being alone with your barber.Anthony knew what he was doing! I've had many shaves in my life...a simple pleasure only a man can enjoy. He ranks among the top of the heap. The shave started with a hot towel placed over a thick layer of hot lather. A few minutes getting the whiskers softened, followed by an application of some essential oils and he went to work. He shaved both against the grain and, after another round of lather and hot towel, with it (asking first to be sure it was acceptable for me) for the smoothest shave I have had in a long while. Laying back in the chair I did not want the experience to end. But it did, with a nice cool, moist towel infused with more essential oil. It was far above the norm. When I go and do it again, and I absolutely will be saving up some whisker ahead of my next visit, I will ask him to cover my eyes with a moist towel during the shave so I can really take a nap.A master barber like this, I was excited to see how he cut my hair. What a surprise. His skill is 360 awesome! I got a "high 'n tight" with some special attention paid to some hair loss at the front, but he skillful concealed the problem area beautifully. I left really jazzed about my cut and knew this guy would be a keeper. My only regret...I have to travel 2000 miles to see him!!!
5	Treat yourself right.  The place is the best,  Johnnie and his staff bring the old school barber treatment with a modern touch.  Perfect service and the best shave and hair cut you can get in Vegas.   (straight razor shaves only of course, no "art of shaving" gillette trak 2 nonsense - come on, these guys are the real deal )  Need to look your best - go here now.
5	This is one of my most favorite places to go for a Straight Razor Shave. For only $25, they give you almost an hour long shave. My favorite barber here is Anthony, he very skilled and a master of the blade. When I was here last time, he gave me possibly the best hot towel shave I have ever had. I recommend him to anyone who is looking for a perfect shave experience.For me, getting a straight razor shave is a therapeutic experience, and my most favorite way to relax on my day off work.  "Presidential Shave Shop" is definitely THE place to go for a Hot Towel Shave because their barbers specifically specialize in the art of straight razor shaving. The shaves here are a lot better than most other places. First of all, they spend a lot more time with the Pre-Shave preparations. The shave starts with the standard hot towel. The towel at Presidential Shave is EXTREMELY HOT compared to places like "Art of Shaving"(whose towel is barely  lukewarm).  They keep the towel on your face for quite a long time, and then the barber applies the Pre-Shave oils. What I like a lot about "Presidential" is that they are much more generous on the amount of  Pre-Shave oils. Unlike every other barber I've been to, "Presidential" applies a gigantic amount of oil, and they spend a couple of minutes massaging it into your skin.   After that, they apply the hot lather and make sure every single hair is saturated. By this time, the hair is already completely soft and easy to cut. This is also the point of the shave where you might fall asleep due to how relaxing it feels. Due to the large amount of oil and lather, the blade easily glides down your skin. I also want to point out that here at "Presidential", they use a much higher quality straight razor than at other places. 99% of other places use the generic Dovo Shavette that you get for $20 at most online stores. Here at "Presidential", they use a variety of much higher quality blades.After the first shave, they apply more Pre-Shave oil and lather, then a 2nd extremely hot towel. Then they apply even more lather and the 2nd shave begins. They end with a cold towel, moisturizers and aftershave. And all of this was only $25. The customer service here is perfect. Everyone who works here has an interesting personality and great social skills. The workers at the front desk are also really nice and offer you coffee and water when you are waiting for your appointment. Also, they really go out of their way to let you know that they appreciate your business. I have never had such a good experience at a barber shop before.
5	Today, I walked out of Presidential Shave, with a smile on my face. It's located on Sahara and Paradise, right by Starbucks. The atmosphere is nice. Sports on the flat screen, black couches that you just sink right into, magazines to read and coffee and water with lemon to drink. Anyways, I got a great shadow fade done by Anthony Banks, a great barber. He takes time in making sure that your haircut comes out right. He also remembers customers. I've gotten my hair cut by him a long while ago, and when I walked in, he recognized me, plus the last cut he gave me. The price is $25.00 well spent in my opinion, because when I get my hair cut over there, I get compliments.
5	This place rocks. I was in from Cleveland and walked in after reading the yelp reviews. I was really glad I did. Jason was not only a great barber, but has some really great stories. Make sure you ask him about the photo they have hanging with the guy who looks like Scott Baio.
5	This place is awesome. I booked for a trim on the neck & beard and Noe', a master barber, hooked me up. He's really good, has an experienced eye for detail and practicallly read my mind. Super chill atmosphere, to boot, and just a friendly gentleman, overall.
4	This being my first actual real barber shop experience, I was a little unsure of what to expect. However, from the moment I walked into this shop I immediately felt like it was like my 100th time there. The atmosphere is really calm, the decor is very nice and the customer service was great. I was seen by Noe (pronounced like Joey) and it was definitely an experience I'll never forget. The man was entertaining and very conversational and funny to boot. I got a head shave and traditional shave and I was very impressed at the time and care that takes place for a proper shave like this. I felt great afterwards and will definitely return to this shop the next time I go to Vegas. I definitely recommend this place to any guy out there looking for a good barber shop experience.
2	I had to go home and re-shave.I scheduled an appointment for a Presidential Shave for my father, and a Presidential Shave and haircut for myself on my wedding day, with the intent of being a father-son experience.  We both had appointments scheduled for 11:00 the day of my wedding.The facility was clean, and the staff was nice.  My father got in at 11:15, and I got in at 11:45.  Instead of us being able to experience it together, the same barber that shaved him shaved me.  So there was no experience to be had.The worst part is, the shave was terrible.  There was still a significant amount of stubble on both of us.  My cheeks were shaved, but we both still had a 5 o'clock shadow, and even after going over my upper lip multiple times it still looked like I had not shaved.  I was expecting a ridiculously close shave since it is a professional barber shop with a straight edge but that was most certainly not the case.For the $135 it cost for the entire package, this was not worth the time or money, especially on my wedding day.  I would recommend to anyone to save their time and money, and they will save themselves a great deal of disappointment.
1	worst barber shop with terrible barber for 50 dollars jason will push your hairline back and leave cuts all over your cheeks and chin and to be fair i went and tried a different barber this barber not only pushed my hair back and did not give me a skin tapper he left my line up crooked i would never recommend a single person here not on their worse hair day
5	Completely enjoyed the presidential shave.  Nice and close.  You could take the tram to the last stop and then a short walk.
5	Johnnie is the man! Got a great shave, and my boy got a clean cut. I'm looking forward to returning every time I come out to Vegas.  Make an appointment, and get there a little early, it was busy the entire time I was there (2hrs). $25 is a great price compared to $50 at Art of Shaving plus you get to make a friend since your getting your shave by the owner.
5	08/02/2013I was there with my son, we did not have a reservation, so we waited about 20 minutes,(its a good idea to make a reservation) A Hispanic gentleman, gave me my shave, he did a great job!  Everything was first cabin,I will be back!
1	Had lots of promise on Yelp - no such luck when I got there. Business appears closed, phone line disconnected and website no longer running.
