5	This is the cutest little yoga studio.  I'm not a big fan of the group yoga classes (in general, I prefer to do yoga alone), so I like that they have a variety of price points to allow you to sign up for the month, 1 class, 5 classes, or 10 classes.  Oh, and hello student discount!  And there's a discount for seniors, too.The best thing they offer is the workshops.  Since I already do yoga regularly on my own, I prefer to go to one intense workshop to learn new poses and techniques.  It's been really helpful as far as the yoga workshops go, which all have a theme, like Yoga for Stress and Anxiety or Hula Hoop Yoga.  I liked the Intro to Pilates workshop...but it is definitely geared at beginners, so I unfortunately didn't learn much.  I hope that they will add harder classes as their clientele is built up.
4	I love this spot for a friendly, personalized, intense yoga experience.  The instructors are personable and I leave feeling happy everytime!!
3	My friend and I decided to check Yoga on Fremont out after a Living Social came up with a great deal.  I have been practicing yoga for several years and prefer power yoga classes.  My friend had never done yoga before.  Some good news:1.  Location and studio - Beautiful studio in a great location (for me and my friends who live in Avalon, anyway!).  They really did a nice job with the interior.  Nice heat in the hot classes.2.  Friendliness -  The staff here are the friendliest group I've encountered in any yoga studio in Pittsburgh.  They make you feel comfortable and welcome, whether you are a beginner or not, and are available to answer questions before and after class. A few reasons why I gave Yoga on Fremont 3 stars:1.  Class inconsistency - My experience at Yoga on Fremont greatly depended on who was teaching the class.  I don't like to criticize teachers, and I get something out of every class I take, but sometimes the description of the class does not match the class itself.  I took a Vinyasa Flow class that is described on the website as "fast paced" and "aerobic" and felt like it was more of a gentle yoga class that would be more appropriate for very new students, or senior students.  There was no flow and the teacher just didn't seem comfortable teaching the class.  2.  Geared towards beginners - In my experience, every class I've taken at YoF, with the exception of Melissa's Hot Power Yoga class (which is a fantastic class, but unfortunately only offered once a week), is geared towards beginner yogi's and does not leave a lot of time to build on postures if you are used to doing so in your practice.  This is not exactly a negative for YoF (it was perfect for my beginner friend), just a personal preference.   I will continue to take classes at YoF and recommend it to others, especially if you have always wanted to take a yoga class but were nervous.  YoF offers a welcoming environment to try it out, get some one on one attention, and see if it's for you!
5	I have been meaning to come to this studio since it opened, and been meaning to try yoga for many years now.  I went there for the first time about a month ago, and have been addicted ever since.  The studio is beautiful, and the location is great.   It is always easy to find parking.  Being as I had never done yoga before, I started with gentle yoga with Caitlin.  She was wonderful, and made me feel comfortable and welcome.  I also took level one with Joann, and her class was amazing as well!  Last night, I tried yin with Natalie, and loved it! I have since bought a monthly unlimited pass, and have been going 3-4 times a week.  They offer a variety a classes geared towards different levels.  I have taken classes from four different instructors, and each one is just as great as the last.    They also offer a variety of workshops, which I am excited to start attending.  I have found a studio that made me feel welcome and at home.  The attention every instructor shows to each student allows even the most novice student to pick yoga up, and immediately love it.
5	I love this place- instructors are friendly and teach with patience and encouragement. I love the diverse crowd- you do not have to fit the tiny yoga girl mold to feel comfortable and welcome! As someone else said, parking is easy and the class times are great for busy working folks.
5	I adore this studio. Friendly, warm, comfortable for beginners!
5	Went to yoga for the first time this evening and I have to say I have never felt better! Joanne made me feel so comfortable and right at home. The studio was warm and inviting. They really do a nice job with creating a safe, tranquil environment.  This was my first experience with yoga and I have to say it was great! I will defiantly incorporate this practice into my life! Also loved the new student discount! $25 for two week?! Crazy deal! I'll tell all my friends!
