4	Really nice tex-mex.  Inside looked very nice, and I'm sure the natives flock to the AC, but as tourists, of course, we sat outside.  Remarkable homemade chips, some corn, some sweet potato, some something else, all very good.  Salsa was a bit on the tomatoe side for my taste, but good nonetheless.  The approach is a bit off-putting since it's upstairs fo a mall, but once inside it's just classy tex-mex and a step above avegare at that.
2	People seem to really like Sam's, though I am not quite sure why.  I think it is average.  Not great, not bad, just middle of the road food with a Southwestern twist.  Kind of like the Cheesecake Factory.  The food tastes good, but anything meal tastes good if it is loaded with fat.
3	I would love to give this place more than 3 stars but I had problems with the service. It took forever just to take our drink order. After he took our meal order he came back 15 minutes later because he had lost our ticket and couldn't remember what we had ordered. Then when we finally got our food, it was wrong. So had to send it back. On the good side of things, the salsa and chips were really good. The chips were a mixture of many different kinds which made it interesting. I had the seared ahi tuna salad. It was really good.
4	I like how they do things at Sam's. It's upstairs in the Biltmore Mall but they manage to be the most laid back of all the bar/restaurants in the area. They convincingly do mexican food in a southwestern style with all sorts of interesting twists and spins on dishes that I haven't seen before. The chicken enchiladas are dee-lish and the margaritas are some of the best I've had. Service is touch and go when they're busy but for the most part I've always been content with their staff. It's a pretty good date spot and the prices are reasonable, especially considering the caliber of the food they serve.
3	Like most restaurants at the Biltmore Fashion Park (and malls in general), Sam's Cafe feels very corporate (and it is part of the Canyon Cafe chain), but don't let that hold you back here.  While there are better Southwestern places around, Sam's does a decent job with everything.I've done dinner and drinks a few times before, but most recently had happy hour stuff at the bar - with reasonably priced margaritas, and friendly bartenders too.  Decent, but so-so chicken tortilla soup and quesadillas.Jake is right.  This can be a pretty good date place, when you go with a pretty good date.  My last dinner here was an awful date gone awry, but thankfully the food was the saving grace here (or maybe it was by default).  Let's just say that my date almost got a swift kick in the ass on the way out and my delicious chile-rubbed steak almost got thrown as a weapon Napoleon Dynamite style.  But I digress, back to the dinner.  The steak was cooked as I asked (medium), and had a great marinade with a flavorful spiced rub, but the chile mashed potatoes were OK, and thought it lacked that chile punch that I was hoping for.  While the food quality is OK here, it's just that - average.
4	Great ambience and absolutely adorable bar tender. And the second bar tender was really nice, too. We didn't want to wait 45 minutes (though our bar neighbors were seated within 10 minutes of the 45 min wait), so we elected to eat at the bar. Got the top shelf margs and a chef's sampler. Never got  around to ordering a main course: we were stuffed. After 2 margaritas each, we headed back to the hotel...........
2	Looks like I'm on a roll with getting horrible service at what are usually pretty decent restaurants lately!  I went to Sam's Cafe last night with two of my girlfriends and based on my previous experience at the downtown location, I figured we'd get a pretty decent meal.  Not the case!Carter, our server, was awful.  I hate to be so hard on him but as soon as he took our drink order and we didn't order any alcoholic beverages, he went downhill from there.  My friend Allyson ordered the rotisserie chicken special and I ordered the applewood smoked pecan salmon.  DeDe had a few question before she decided and Carter not only had no clear answers for her, he didn't bother to try to get the answers.  Unacceptable!  (Just to clarify, these were basic questions such as 'what kind of vegetables come on the fire grilled vegetable tacos?' and 'What is the marinade for the chicken fajitas?')  The next thing we know, we are given their special chips and salsa... I love how they combine sweet and salty in a colorful arrangement!  Those were delicious.  However, it was a good ten minutes until we saw our water and when you are eating salty chips and salsa, it's nice to have something to wash it down with!  Minus star #2.So, our food comes and DeDe's fajitas are totally different than what Carter explained.  She isn't bitchy about sending them back but kindly asks for just the chicken and vegetables on a plate since that is what she was expecting.  This is where the 3rd missing star comes in - I am not kidding when I tell you that DeDe did not get her food until after both Allyson and I were done eating ours (and we were eating really slow)!  It was not right... and Carter was not very apologetic.  He came over to offer us a free dessert but being that we are all in healthy eating mode, we declined.  They did take the fajitas off the bill in the end, but it was expected at this point.So, I know it was just one bad experience, but if I feel like Sam's Cafe again, I will probably head to the downtown location or just have lower expectations in the future.Bottom line:  decent meal + bad service = 2 stars!
4	Seafood Fajitas... very good....they also have one of my favortie Pinot Noir's La Crema!they used to have this great little southwesten... Chocolate thing they gave you after the meall ... so missed that...
4	Supposedly this place was going to close down beacuse of the new condos going in. Thankfully they got an extension on their lease.  The condos aren't going in just yet.The food here is consistently good.  The service was average. I really like the Sonoran meatloaf. It's a great location and you'll have a good meal here. The menu is pseudo tex-mex.  It's a good place to go on a date, an office lunch, take family, or out of towners over the age of 40.  Not a drinking place...at all.  I would not recommend the place for large groups or meeting friends.  It doesn't have that kind of vibe.
3	This is the place that we always seem to end up at when people come in to town for business. It's one of those places that's relatively convenient, has decent parking, and can handle larger crowds since they don't ever seem to be even remotely busy.I will agree that when I have been there with small, personal groups, service has been unbearably slow. They would definitely earn one more star if there were even a whiff of concern... but when the group is larger, we have always received exemplary service - dare I say size does matter?The food is actually above standard, for its kind. I love the Santa Fe Stuffed Chicken Breast (it has lots of goat cheese inside and is covered in their red pepper cream sauce - which honestly I think would be good spread over an old leather sneaker). I could eat the Adovo Chicken Pasta twice a week and never get tired of it (same reference to red pepper cream sauce). My ex swore that the Meatloaf was the best (but really, what can't be improved by a generous portion of bacon?!!). And my all time favorite has to be Chile Rubbed Sirloin - it's flavorful, without being overpowering, always cooked exactly as requested, and generally requires the threat of forking when others realize that "it looks better than mine."If you like Margaritas. You should be happy with what Sam's has to offer. The Orange Beso makes my toes tingle. Fortunately, they limit those to two servings - otherwise I might find myself behaving badly. They have several "house margaritas" all of which I've enjoyed (really it's not my fault, I work with a lot of social alcoholics... it's the only way to deal with the stress).My final offering is that this particular location (I haven't ever tried at the others, so they might be accommodating as well), is great for private functions. They will basically close down whatever portion of the restaurant you might need, either feed you buffet style or from the menu, work with you on drink coupons, let you hang corporate flair, etc.  If you are in a pinch for a business gathering in a relaxed environment give it a try.
4	Ok...so Sam's Cafe is probably one of my favorite lunch places to go in Phoenix, I would go alone just for the fresh made chips and salsa they bring to your table, the menu items here are quite unique and to say the least are good for the most part.Every time I have been to this place they have never been that busy, but I will say there service is lacking, it seems that when ever I go there I get the dyslexic high school waiter who can't remember to bring me my refills I ask for or I get the recovering meth addict that hates life.I usually end up getting the mushroom and spinach casadia which never disappoints, I like this places ambiance, the only reason it does not get 5 stars is because the service always seems to blow.
3	Their fresh and warm chips and salsa were good. Ordered a margarita and immediately understood why they limit you to only 2. Woo hoo! I was feeling good. I had one of their specials which consisted of salmon and mango salsa and it was delicious. My boyfriend had the chicken fajitas and said those were good too. The white chocolate tamales as an after dinner snack (small dessert) was nice, but we still ordered cheesecake for dessert. I love cheesecake and have yet to try a bad piece. I'm not a big fan of Tex-Mex, but I'd come here again.
4	Interior: 8/10, Food: 8/10, Service: 8/10.I used to take out-of-towners here all the time.Now that I moved away, I had to visit Sam's. I love the bread sticks and the smear that comes with it.The food wasn't as great as I remembered, but it's still pretty good.
4	Used to come here as a kid and had to visit again to see if it was still as good.  Seems like they've replaced the famous breadsticks with chips/salsa- but I'm not complaining- the chips were really yummy- sort of a sweet taste to them.  Wine selection was decent, waiter was a sweet heart too- he let us know pets are welcome to join you on the patio too- something about "Paws on the Patio", so if you're an animal lover it's a great place to bring the puppy.  Reminded me of the smaller sidewalk places off the pier in South Bay where everyone always brought their dogs.  As for food- we had the fajitas- very good- the steak wasn't overcooked like a lot of places tend to do, word of advice though- not good as left overs so make sure you bring your appetite and finish them there!  :)  Looking forward to going again- this time for margaritas!
1	Not good. And it's not been for a couple of years. There are advantages: good location, rarely busy, good for larger groups. But last few times we've been there have experienced average food and lousy service.  When joining my already seated group on Saturday (3/28) the high-school hostess wagged her finger in my face like an East German border guard, the waffle house waitress poked me in the shoulder to get my attention and the wife's chicken dish had to be sent back as there were only 2 measly pieces of chicken in it.  Only 2 beers on tap. Garbage.
2	The food was fine, but not outstanding. There's outdoor seating, but it's along the mall's 2nd-story walkway.One standout: The individual tamale-style chocolates are a definite upgrade from most restaurants'  "here's your check" treat.
3	The food is consistent and pretty good.  It will not satisfy any craving you have for Mexican food, but it may keep those cravings at bay for a while.   I'm really only reviewing Sam's to give them kudos for being "dog friendly."  At the Biltmore location at least they will allow you to have dogs outside on the patio.  Even though I don't have dogs, some of my friends do and I have been to Sam's Cafe with them several times because it seemed like the only place we could eat without leaving the dogs in the car.
4	So my sister was in town for a visit.  She and her hubby live in Monterey, CA, and she decided that she needed to THAW from 50 degree weather!We were meeting our friend Kelly for dinner, and she suggested Sam's Cafe.  I've been to the one downtown, and really enjoyed it, so I was looking forward to checking out this location.First of all, the chips and salsa ROCK.  The chips are freshly made, and the salsa is this chunky, chipotle-infused bowl of heaven.I got the fish tacos -- they were fantastic.  A filet of blackened tilapia, slaw mix, pico, and this chipotle sauce.  Would absolutely recommend this to anybody that likes fish tacos -- sooooo good!Kelly got the carnitas platter and my sister got the chopped salad.  I didn't try either of their dinner, but they both enjoyed theirs.Our server was excellent -- she was attentive, without being annoying, and kept our glasses of iced tea full -- which was a good thing after being at the pool most of the day.To sum it up -- good food, good service, and reasonable prices.
4	My recent , but admittedly brief, experience was terrific! The service was fast and friendly, the price was good, and the food was really, really good. A friend and I stopped for a brief appetizer and margarita before heading to the Lyle Lovett concert. Margaritas for $3.00 until 7 PM...YUM! I loved the chips and salsa. The chips are a mixed style and the salsa had an unusual, homemade flavor. We shared an order of chicken nachos and OMG...were they good. Whatever creamy sauce was added was a wonderful addition. The atmosphere was nice and open; the more modern Southwest style was a refreshing change. And like I said above, the service was friendly and quick.
4	Okay, so i had a friend in from CO and she wanted Southwestern cuisine so I suggested Sam's even though I hadn't been there in 10 years.  First they serve you with their version of chips and salsa and I don't think I will ever settle for regular chips and salsa ever again after this. There were 4 different chips..2 had various spices, one had the taste of powdered sugar and the last were sweet potato. Each combined with the salsa was a bite of culinary delight. I ordered the Ahi tuna sandwich and was satisfied with my selection. However my friend ordered the black and blue quesadilla and it was beyond fantastic! Defintiely recommend even if just for cocktails and their chips. Oh I almost forgot.. you get a stick of white chocolate wrapped in a husk with your check! So either way you WILL be having dessert. ;)
5	What a pleasant surprise! I went here for a friends birthday dinner and were greeted with a friendly smile and "hello."  Chips and salsa lined the table and were a mix or corn and blue corn, and i think some of them had been rolled in cinnamon and pepper. I had to force myself to stop eating them. A friend and I ordered chicken fajitas and we wanted to split the entree and the server brought us out two plates with the guac., sour cream, etc on both plates. That was nice. The beans and rice were delicious, the server had a pleasant attitude (and I could tell she had a lot going on) and she kept my water full. She brought out a dessert tray and told us about each item. THEN after she brought the check she came back with little white chocolate tamales for everyone! (White chocolate in a corn husk.) Holy cow! How awesome is that!
4	Came out to Phoenix for an interview and they brought us HERE for lunch........ omg *drool*The chips were amazing, especially the ones that were seasoned with pepper and other deliciousness. I had the salmon and a bite of the steak. SOSOSOSOSO good. Ahhh I want their chips now. Also. The chocolate tamales were a sweet fare-thee-well. Yum.
