5	Beautiful building, amazing rooms, and great location right by "A" Mountain, Mill Ave, ASU, and Sun Devil Stadium. The staff was maybe the best and most friendly staff I have ever experienced in the US. I definitely recommend this hotel. Also, make sure to check out their rooftop (with a pool) for an amazing view! If they put a bar up there it would be one of the best spots in Tempe.
5	Stayed here recently with a few of my friends and it was a great hotel.  There was 3 of us in a 2 bed+ sofa bed, and we had plenty of room.  We loved having the full size fridge, dishes, utensils, cups, dishwasher (and more) in the "kitchen" area.  The staff was very friendly and helpful as well, they were very prompt on our requests for extra towels, shampoo, etc.  The location is very convenient to ASU, "A" mountain, Mill Ave and the Stadium.  The full size mirrors in the bathroom were useful for us to get ready since there were 3 girls in the room.  The roof top pool area is gorgeous, especially for a sunset, also it is open 24 hours!  We didn't take part of it since we usually woke up a little late, but there is breakfast as well.Im not knocking down stars for the few small cons that the room has. 1 the room does lack some outlets... plenty in the kitchen and living area, but i believe only one by each bed.  2 just have a fan in the bathroom would help with the room not getting stuffy with shower steam.However, I would definitely recommend to stay here and would stay here again in the future!!!
5	Brand new hotel. Staff was wonderful, complimentary breakfast was good but could use more seating. Shuttle service to and from the airport. Perfect place to stay for Ironman and highly accommodating to athletes. Walking distance to all Ironman activities. Full kitchen in our room with ice maker in freezer! Short walk to Mill Street restaurants and bars. Highly recommended.
4	We stayed here this past weekend as it was super conveniently located to the start and finish lines of the Rock and Roll Half Marathon. We checked in late in the day on Saturday after driving out from LA and having spent the evening getting our race packets in Phoenix and drinking beer at Four Peaks. The guy at check in (I think his name was Dan) was extremely friendly, energetic and efficient.We were pleasantly surprised by how modern, clean and well appointed our room was. It had an actual full kitchen (pots and pans, dishes, dishwasher, full size fridge), a little couch, a queen sized bed and a tiny balcony with a view of nothing. Literally, my only complaints about the room were that I wished it had a king bed rather than a queen but I know that I'm being picky and a queen bed is totally sufficient and that the climate control was easier to figure out because I totally had a fight with that thing. The control panel has 3 buttons - a red arrow up, a blue arrow down and a fan button. I could not for the life of me figure out how to switch it to JUST fan so the AC or heat wouldn't cycle on and off every 10 minutes. Then the unit started making a weird bomb like ticking sound, so we just gave up and switched off the power to it in the breaker box so then it was a little stuffy, but we dealt.We missed breakfast the next morning because we overslept and were rushing to get to the run on time, but we did swing by on our second morning there and it's a standard free breakfast - weak coffee, plentiful carbs (bagels, oatmeal, cereal, muffins) and a few hot choices (scrambled eggs, potatoes and potato/sausage mix) but it was enough to keep us from being starving for the earlier part of our drive.What is really special was that the pool, spa and firepit that are on the roof are open 24 hours. We didn't take advantage of any of that because there were some college girls gathered chatting around the firepit drinking wine and we were so tired all we wanted was quiet, but so many hotels I've stayed at close the pool at 7 which is WAY too early.I don't forsee a reason to go back to Tempe in the future, but I would absolutely recommend this hotel as a solid option if you're looking for something clean and convenient in the area.
5	Stayed there with my friends for my birthday and it was great. Beautiful hotel! I loved how the fire place and the pool are on the roof. It was also convenient because all the restaurants and shops are so close.
5	This is my third trip that I stayed at this place. I love the fact that it's new, just open in October 2013. First time  I stayed on the 8th floor, 2nd time was on the 9th and this time was on the 7th. I like my 9th floor room the best. Great view, low noise level. Maybe because of spring training the hotel seems a lot noisier this time. Lots of kids running around late at night. The hotel is decorated with modern contemporary which fits my decorating style. I rather pay more for something than cheap on poor quality. The pool, gym, and patio lounge is on the 10th floor.  Roof top offers fantastic view of surrounding ASU campus. Breakfast is on the 1st floor in the morning, around the corner from the elevators. Don't eat the scramble eggs. I don't know how most people eat scramble eggs but I don't like scramble eggs to taste like watery rubber. I usually get some yogurt, some fresh fruit (if it looks fresh), cup of OJ, and a piece of toast. I will definitely stay here again until this place starts to deteriorate. With ASU campus around the corner, the late night drunk college kids regurgitating their evening drinks is a common scene. The plus side is the eye candy around the ASU campus. Food around this area is geared towards college lifestyle. Have to travel north towards Scottsdale for quality food.
1	Hotel is decently nice itself but the staff being terrible greatly detracts.
4	Nice building & friendly staff (for the most part), just a little pricey! It's a convenient location though. It takes less than 10 minutes to reach Mill Ave. by walking. Although I liked the hotel I don't think I will be coming back, I went to Mill Ave. to checkout the nightlife & was not impressed! Too hot, drunks & homeless walking around, & cockroaches crawling around the sidewalks. Ew!
4	Newer, beautiful, modern hotel with very clean spacious suites conveniently located near ASU and downtown Tempe. The front desk staff was very sweet and helpful. The rooftop pool and firepit had gorgeous views.  Kudos to the management and staff for keeping up the appearance and cleanliness. A few minor things of note:Breakfast was pretty good, although the staff seemed to struggle to keep up with demand. The small eating area was crowded the entire time we were there around 8:15 on a Sunday morning so get there early.  The small pool was also crowded with a lot of drinking and smoking well into the night.  I would be remiss if I didn't mention the inconvenient parking. The lot fills up quickly, and you have to take an elevator to the hotel, then another elevator up to your room. We would stay here again if we were ever in the area.
5	The hotel is beautiful!!! The staff is extremely friendly and professional! I will only stay here while in Tempe!!!!
5	Stayed here for 1 week to help my daughter get settled @ ASU. Lobby and rooms were clean and well maintained everyday and you can't beat the location: I walked everywhere ! But the 5-star rating is mostly regarding the staff (EBONI, TASHA,ISABELA and CAMERON). Most Hotels are clean (I'm a WESTIN kinda girl) and comfortable but for me It's ALL about the Customer Service and this crew was "Top Notch" : Professional, Polite and Friendly.. Remebered my name and spoke to me everyday (How's your stay ? Anything I can help you with ? Have you been to the pool ? Have a good night !) It was like "home away from home" (did I forget to mention the rate was about $150-200 less than what I usually pay @ my favorite hotel ? No roomservice but a great delivery menu that they give each guest-lot's of choices). Well done Marriott for hiring a staff that will keep me coming back when visiting Tempe, AZ/ASU.
5	We stayed here over the ASU move in weekend. We absolutely loved the rooftop deck with the pool and hot tub at night. The breakfast was amazing. Fresh fruit was delicious! The staff were so friendly, and they took us by shuttle when we needed it since we didn't have a rental car. Thanks, everyone! From our family in Wisconsin to yours. We will be back!
5	typically I find hotels to nearly be the same all around the world. However, the Residence Inn Tempe has comfortable rooms with plenty of outlets for electronic devices - and easy to reach and access. The front desk staff and hotel service is the best experience. Everyone is ultra friendly. There is paid parking connected to the hotel which is connected to your room key. The hotel is adjacent to Mill Avenue with plenty of restaurants within walking distance. There is a pool, gym and whirlpool on the 11th floor. It has an amazing view and had towels by the pool so your don't have to lug around towels from your room. There is laundry on the 2nd floor with state of the art washers/dryers. My room had a full kitchenette and full size refrigerator. You could not ask for more. Prices are a bit high compared to other locations, but perhaps worth the cost if you want a nicely kept property and convenience of nearby attractions.
1	Couldn't book an overlapping week a year in advance. I was told I would need to call back at MN every night to advance my reservation by one day. Thanks Marriott, you made booking my reservation to The Hyatt Place a lot easier!
5	Newer beautiful hotel!! Amazing suites with full kitchen (full size refrigerator, stove, microwave and all plates/silverware etc!). Free continental breakfast with eggs, oatmeal, breakfast sandwiches, fruit, juices and more! Free happy hour snacks- tonight was spaghetti and meatballs, veggies and desserts! Free shuttle to and from airport! Walking distance to Mill Ave and ALL the restaurants and bars. Great location. Awesome hotel!! Highly recommend!!!
5	Very clean , a new hotel with a modern atmosphere. The rooms are very comfortable and the roof top pool/Jacuzzi/fire pit is awesome! A great view of the mountains and at night the fire pit is great to have a couple friends hang out and drink some "dranks" lol The staff is very friendly and accommodating .
