5	Hillary has been doing my hair for the last 4 years and she always makes me look good! I have never been so satisfied with my hair. Not only can she do great cuts, but she is excellent with color. I have done highlights, lowlights, torquoise layer, and even an all over color change and it always looks amazing! I will never go anywhere else in Las Vegas!
5	Okay I rarely write reviews, but these guys are awesome.  Salon stylings and treatment at half the price, all of the quality.  Hillary is a genius and gets to know your head, then executes awesome looks around your face, again and again.  I have short hair and need maintenance every 6 to 8 weeks, and she keeps me looking fly in spite of my own laziness when it comes to maintaining my hair.  Seriously.  Do yourself a favor and book an appnt.  Super cool people in a super cool place. Art it out.
4	I know that I shouldn't review a hair salon until I've been twice, or at least until I've had time to let my new 'do sink in.... but I'm just so super excited about this salon!! I'm giving it a conservative 4 stars (b/c of the aforementioned reasons.)  In a bit of synchronicity, I met Hillary of the eponymous salon at Bar & Bistro just as my old stylist was preparing to leave town.  So, after tracking down the salon based on a few hazy memories, I made an appointment, and she was able to fit me on the schedule the same week that I called.  Yay! This is a single-chair salon, so when you make an appointment, you will get Hillary, and you will be the only client there. (Yay!)I arrived a few minutes late because I am directionally challenged, even though the salon is literally but a few meters from 3 other businesses at the Arts Factory that I patronize regularly. (It is upstairs, use the set of stairs closest to the bathrooms.)  Let's cut to the chase: you can drink while you get your hair did.  Hil's business manager escorted me to the bar, and got me set up with my first of two sangrias (I went on Thurs, when B&B has 1/2 price happy hour, score!). By the time we returned, she ushered me in to the adorably appointed salon to begin my hair transformation.  I usually like to let a stylist make suggestions and do what they will with my hair (color and cut), and she did a great job.  She's super fun and friendly, which is important, since my giant mop of hair takes about 3 hours to do.  She also uses cruelty free (not tested on animals) hair products, which makes my vegan heart happy.  The service was very reasonably priced.  Summary: personal attention, good hair, fun, moderately priced, booze.
5	Great personal service. I love that I can book appointments using Facebook. It's also a great place to catch up on Arts District gossip.
5	A really great experience. I wasn't sure how it was going to be because I'm from out of town but I was really happy with this place. They were all very friendly and make you feel comfortable. The atmosphere is great too. It's reasonably priced too.
5	I've been to Hillary a few times now, always with stellar results! So, I'm making my love official with a 5-star review.  Well-deserved.  Definitely my favorite place I've been in town so far!Whether I'm enjoying some sangria from the bar + bistro downstairs while getting a new color applied, or catching up on the latest downtown gossip while having my eyebrows meticulously styled, I have a great time chatting with Hillary during my beauty sesh.  And I always leave looking fabulous without spending a fortune!It's never a hassle to get an appointment, and she never leaves me waiting once I'm there.  You can't beat this kind of personal attention and quality for this price, and maybe not at all! Give her a try and you won't be sad (but possibly drunk, if you have too much sangria.)
5	I don't have the best luck with hairdressers. I'll find one I love, and then her schedule changes and it's super difficult for me to get an appointment on my day off... or she moves to another salon that's all the way across town... or she is great at cutting hair but not-so-great at answering voice mails to set appointments... And then a friend told me about Hillary at Hillary Salon. The salon is located in the Arts Factory, upstairs. This is a one-woman operation, Hillary is the only stylist. Her husband, Michael, helps run the salon and is very friendly. If you want, he will get you some awesome sangria from bar + bistro, which is located downstairs, to sip on while you get prettified.  Hillary cuts and dyes my hair, and she nails it every time. I love that she will do a $10 bang trim, as my bangs seem to grow super fast lately. Her other services are by the hour. She recently started doing eyebrow waxing too, I haven't had my brows done yet but I am excited that I can kill two beauty birds with one stone at Hillary Salon!
5	I was back in town in my favorite city, Vegas from the middle of no where Arkansas in need of a miracle worker to fix the half mullet of a mess I had going on from bad hair cuts gone wrong in Little Rock.  Hillary HOOKED IT UP!  I went in looking like a 40 year old soccer mom and came down looking ready to go out and hit the club with everyone in my age group of 20 somethings!  I love the Art Factory, the entire experience is awesome, and thanks to Hillary I can take pictures again!
5	I heart Hillary!I'll be honest: I started going to Hillary Salon because it opened right across the street from my boyfriend's flower shop, and I wanted to support a neighborhood business. But let's face it: Nobody continues patronizing a place just because it's in the neighborhood if its product or service sucks -- especially when the product or service has to do with your hair.Hillary has been cutting my hair since she opened, and I won't go anywhere else so long as she's around. Everyone in my family now gets their hair cut by Hillary, and I've referred bunches of friends to her. She listens carefully during the initial consultation phase, and asks questions as she goes along, so you're sure to get what you want. AND, she's cool, funny and smart, so the haircut chit-chat is actually fun!
5	I've been going here for a few months now and am extremely happy with the service.  Hillary is very professional, friendly and easy to work with.  The salon is small and comfortable and I plan on many future visits.
5	Just had my first color and cut with Hillary. She understands hair, and asks good questions before getting started. I was ecstatic with the results! Next appointment is already booked and I will recommend her to everyone. Oh, and did I mention that you can get a cocktail and a snack if you want one? Sangria and snipping seem to go together very well.
5	My wife and I have been going to Hillary's for over a year now and we love it!  Hillary and Michael make you feel like family and the salon feels like home with great indie music, local art, and even a beer from downstairs if you want one.  Downtown Las Vegas has really made a resurgence in the last few years and Hillary's is one of the reasons why.  Hillary is great at what she does and her prices are reasonable.  She is also flexible with her schedule, which is a must when you are as busy as I am.  Highly recommended.
5	I love the one on one attention. Hillary knows my hair and it always looks good, even if I have to wait 6 weeks between cuts. She is a genius with color and knows how to complement your skin tone.
5	This place is still the best.  Personal service, great results, and Hillary and Michael are two of the coolest people downtown.
