4	Really nice laundromat. Lots of space and the machines are pretty new, there are also plenty of them...never have to wait for one when I do my laundry. They even have old school arcade games to pass the time!
5	So the day did not start out so great. The precious pooch puked all over our new comforter and went through all the layers of bedding. It was a lovely chartreuse color. Unfortunately, chartreuse is not the color palette of our master bedroom. So now I have to find a laundry cuz our w&d will not accomodate fluffy king size comforters and pads. Well I checked out yelp and low and behold there was a very good rating for this place. Luckily it was only a ten minute drive from Summerlin. So off I go to the dreaded laundromat. I am so fortunate that I don't have to use these places on a regular basis.Anyway, I digress. I was pleasantly surprised at the cleanliness and overall pleasant surroundings. There were plenty of machines available. Change readily available from a machine. Granite folding tables that were partitioned off so the other folks don't invade your laundry turf. Free wifi. Pleasant murals and big screen tvs all over the walls. Oh....the best part.....none of them were tuned to FOX. They also had a massage table that you can pay a fee to have your tired muscles worked over while your laundry spins away. They had the usual characters that actually make going to a laundry interesting ( and I am sure they thought I was one of those characters too). Really is interesting to observe people and their laundry strategy.( I always go nuts when they mix whites with colors.) Another nice thing is that they have an attendent on duty always and they make sure the floors are swept and the machines and counters clean. Mmmm very nice indeed. Will certainly return when the dog pukes on my bed again or hopefully when the comforters just need freshened.
4	THANK GOD I own a washer and dryer in my house, but for the BIG stuff (i.e. King sized bedding) I needed to find a laundromat to get the job done.  I thought I'd share because I know how difficult it is to find a decent place in this town!  And yeah, I know that I could easily save myself the time and energy and  take it to a dry cleaner, but I'm not a fan of that "chemical" smell on my bedding, so........~Easily 100+ washers and 100+ dryers in the place.  20 of which were over sized for my specific needs.~Free WiFi to pass the time!~WORKING quarter and vending machines!~It's CLEAN......obviously a plus when you're trying to do just that!~An attendant on site to assist as necessary.~Plenty of seating.~HUGE PLUS......within walking distance of Super Walmart, Raising Canes, Fat Burger, Petsmart, Michael's, Lowes, Big5, 99 cent Store, Original Pancake House and so many more.  I always love to shop or eat while I wait!=)Would have happily given the place 5 STARS but it was freakin' COLD in there...........like Brrrrrrrrrrr, Oh my goodness, give me an oven to sit on cold in there.  Glad I have a car with heated seats and Pandora to pass the time!
3	I've been to some really clean and really dirty laundromats and Magic Wash falls somewhere in the middle.They have a lot of washers and dryers which means you never have to wait. They even have wi-fi and big screen televisions to keep you entertained.A nice kicker is they are about 100 feet away from Fatburger. I went here once, but I think I will look for another place first before I visit again.
4	Yelper's thanks for the tip  Clean establishment with ample washers and dryers.  The manager on duty was very helpful, she made sure we knew where everything was located.  Complimentary coffee, free WiFi, and good customer service
4	We just recently moved to Las Vegas and unfortunately this home didn't come with washer and dryer (but its on the way, doesn't get here til friday). While waiting on the special delivery ... we needed to get something to wear :-) so we took to Yelp to see what laundromats were out there and which ones were cream of the crop. We decided to check out this one. Lots and Lots of washers and dryers here. They have a reasonable fluff and fold service that costs 1.00 per pound. They will also wash and fold your comforters for 8-15 dollars (the dryers big enough for those comforters range 7.50 so for just a little more someone else does it for you - SCHWEET). Anyways, I had work to do but still needed to get these clothes done. Easily got hooked into the wifi did my work while waiting on the clothes to finish. Once they were done, I took the granite folding spaces for a spin and got everything ready to go. It was a little more crowded than I assumed it would be on a monday at 230pm but Not terrible. Was an overall good experience and we will be using the comforter facilities if the new W&D aren't big enough.
5	Clean facility, change machines, reasonable prices and plenty of machines...recommend
5	Very clean facility, tv's everywhere to watch, and small, medium, large and xlarge washers for good pricing.  Nice place.
4	I was in search of a Laundromat for oversize bedding and this had the best reviews on Yelp.  I was pleasantly surprised.  Unfortunately,  I probably didn't get the best representation of a normal business day because they were experiencing some sort of water situation that was causing a lot of flooding but otherwise a clean establishment.  There was an attendant on duty to assist with questions.  Plenty of machines and carts.  My only complaint would be had it not been for the nice lady next to me explaining how to operate the machine I would have followed the instructions on the machine, which were completely different then the ones hanging from the wall, in which case I would have gotten an incorrect wash with no opportunity to restart.  They do have free wifi, which I didn't take advantage of, and honestly it's not in the best area so not sure I would want to flash anything too expensive there anyways.   So two bedspreads washed and dried for about $10 total.  Not a bad deal at all.
3	Luckily, I have a washer and dryer at home so I don't have to use laundromats, generally. However, I have a fairly large comforter, that my washer will not fit and even if it did it would rip it to shreds. So, I turned to Yelp for help in finding a decent laundromat. I came in at around 8PM. Was really surprised at the amount of people. However, it wasn't crowded and there are plenty of machines to accommodate a number of people. There is not enough seating though. Prices seemed high, especially considering the part of town this laundromat is in, which isnt good. They do have security partrol in the parking lot and a tenant on duty, who was surprisingly helpful and friendly, which made me feel a bit safer. Their change machine was malfunctioning as I was trying to get quarters, and out of the blue the gentleman walked up with a smile, and assisted me with getting my change. The machines themselves were in good-condition and all working from what I could see. However, the old arcade games need to go or be updated; not to mention, they're obnoxious. My total for washing in the large capacity washer and dryer came to about $12. The facility was clean enough for me to do my laundry, but could have been cleaner. Overall, I would recommend and return. (Will be sure to bring my own quarters next time)
4	NOT where I want to spend a beautiful Sunday, but it's cleaner than I expected. Plenty of machines and place is nice. Sort of hidden on North side of complex. For my 1st laundromat in over 20 years, it's not too bad.
4	Nice place, clean area, machines in good shape, restroom clean, person on duty in the back
4	What a nice great place. With huge washing machines. If i live here i would come here weekly. My compliments to the owner.
5	Went this summer when I was travelling with my mom. We stayed at Treasure Island Casino.  You'll need a car to get here but it's worth it. I did see one of the free city buses so maybe it does go to the laundromat?Very clean and easy to get to from Treasure Island.  Decatur St. has a bunch of stores Target, Walmart, Ross etc so a cinch to shop for other things while u are in this area. There is even a CVS near by on Decatur if you need to buy detergent and what not. Oh, and free wifi!!
1	Make sure you call ahead if you are going here for alterations. Alterations are only available when the seamstress happens to be around. I went today and was told alterations were not available today.
4	Long and painful story short - for whatever reason, we had chloroform exposure in our apartment and only found out once we had a lab test some clothing samples that contained an odor no professional could really identify. Southern NV Health District came in and still couldn't identify the cause and true nature of what was going on. Landlords let us break our lease and we had to throw away a ton of infected clothes and furniture. Magic Wash Laundromat was our go-to place to get a ton of clothes we tried to salvage washed outside of our apartment. We used their convenient fluff n fold service to do over 100 pounds+ of laundry, which we had to keep in our new home's backyard and air out in direct sunlight to ensure any trace of chloroform was gone. The whole chloroform experience was horrible and left us dumbfounded for a really long time as to what was going on (see my yelp Talk thread - http://www.yelp.com/topic/las-vegas-help-clothes-started-smelling-like-paint-as-soon-as-the-heat-really-started#7miKdVLLdBsCcXvIot0dkQ). Magic Wash Laundromat followed our directions very thoroughly - we needed everything washed in cold water, needed to use All odorless detergent and everything had to be tumble dry low with no fabric softener. Pick up was simple and you could either pay before or after they are done with your clothing. Everything came neatly folded and separated into neatly wrapped plastic bags. We still have a few bags of clothes we still need to take here, but I'm glad there's a laundromat we can trust in Vegas. And just in case you're wondering, we think (no professional has been able to confirm) the cause of the chloroform may have been dry cleaning that wasn't 'dried' properly and unfortunately, suits in plastic bags from the dry cleaners were left in our closet, with no ventilation (Vegas dry cleaners use an ingredient called "perc" that's illegal in CA). My lesson learned? Air out your dry cleaning outside of your dust bags before bringing them into your home. Do not underestimate the power of Volatile Organic Compounds!
5	If everything worked this efficient in the world we would all be happy everyday. Used there fluff & fold services a couple of times and never been disappointed. Reasonable prices, clean location and extremely reliable regarding collection. Always look forward to collecting my freshly laundered clothes properly folded and wonderful smell. Thanks guys for a extremely great experience.
2	There was no WiFi - dryers are great $.25 for 10 minutes.  Lots of washing machines of various costs $1.50, $2.50, $4, $5, 7.50.  Low rating cuz I cjose this location over one closer to me because of WiFi - figured I'd do something while waiting for my clothes.  And its super cold in here.
5	Big Laundromat. Place was nice and clean. I liked how the washers give you options of prewash/pre soak option.
5	I love this laundromat because it's clean, well kept, and WIFI! And location is great! My clothes smells great & the washers & dryers are reasonable!
4	Found via yelp while on a trip here in LV. Tidy, well-lit, and clean. Did some laundry on a Monday evening and there were plenty of machines. Very pleased with my experience. They could use a bit more seating but  in all other respects.
5	I've been trying to stop at a laundromat to wash all of my big comforters. Finally I did today! There were a lot of washers and dryers available when I arrived considering the number of people here at this time on a Sunday. I love how there are TVs here (the one day I pick to come to the Laundromat the Germany v. Argentina World Cup game) AND there is FREE wifi!! (I really thought it was going to be a drag!) the one thing that did bother me the most was that it took a few minutes to find this location. Nevertheless the cleanliness of the laundromat made it up!
5	My washer broke earlier this week so here I am and I must say I'm not disappointed. This place is clean, has washers and dryers that are big and affordable. Tvs and a nice waiting area. Employees are also very welcoming, polite, and knowledgeable. I'll definitely be back to wash comforters and such!
4	I was visiting Las Vegas and I always wash my clothes before leaving from long trips. I was so glad that I yelped this place. It had clean machines. It had an on site attendant. The best thing they had was free hot coffee. I have never seen that courtesy at a laundromat. That was awesome considering how unusually cold it was in Vegas the week after Christmas. Thank you!
