5	I found the cutest sweater, new with the tags at the thrift store, it was donated because it had a large 3 inch thread pull.  I thought, I can pin a flower on this and wear it to work.  Then I got the brilliant idea, I could get something embroidered.  I went to the guy in the mall at South Park, super nice guy.  He charged me $20 for a popsicle embroidery and my phone number on my camera strap. Woot woot, call me. I might show up with all my clothes and put popsicles on everything.
5	So I decided to go all "Martha Stewart" and made my new nephew two burp clothes that I wanted to get embroidered with his monogram. So I headed over to SouthPark as I'd heard there was a kiosk there that could embroider items quickly and at a fairly good price. Boy am I glad I followed that tip.The woman working the kiosk was uber-helpful and showed me five different fonts before I choose the first one she pulled up (of course - but I had to know my options, right?). She then proceeded to embroider both items while I stood there. And when I asked the cost, I was pleasantly surprised that they were only $8+tax each. If you buy an item off the kiosk to embroider, it's $6+tax. So not much of an up-charge to bring in your homemade or pre-purchased item.Total time spent at the kiosk? 10 minutes.Great customer service and a homemade monogrammed item for my new nephew? Priceless.
1	I have used these guys multiple times. Each time they seem to get more and more rude. The last time I was there, the older man was literally talking trash about me in another language. They were both unwilling to understand what I wanted (just embroidery on a hat) and not able to provide other options. I would go somewhere else for embroidery needs.
1	I just had the WORST experience at this place. I was rudely serviced by an older man with rotten teeth. It took me 3 days to find a navy blue 100% cotton pocket square as an anniversary present for my 2nd anniversary (cotton is the traditional gift for 2 years). I took the pocket square to get monogrammed here. HE RUINED MY GIFT! He didn't get the sizing of the initials right. Instead of the center initial being larger than the other 2, it is the same size. Also, I asked to put a bible verse on there. The bible verse was 1 John 4:18-19. He monogrammed 1 John 4:18:19. To make matters worse, he told me that is how I wrote it on the order form (Which was a green sticky pad). When i looked at the paper that had been left with him, I noticed that he had written in a colon over the dash that I put in between the verses. He didn't even do a good job at his fraud. He used a black pen, when I placed my order in blue pen. Therefore, it was evident that he attempted to cover his error. He lied directly to my face and said he didn't write over my order form. Further, he told me that I had been "too specific" and he shouldn't have taken my order. Too specific??? How can one be too specific? Specifics should have helped him do his job correctly, not hinder his job. If you have something important and want more than initials or a simple name, do not take it here!
5	I have been using Mehmet, Kim, and the others at the kiosk for about 6 years now....I always come in last minute, with tons of shirts to be done, with crazy ideas and logos for events we are taking clients to, etc...they deliver EVERY TIME. They work all night if needed to knock things out. Can not even begin to recommend them highly enough! Heard they now have a spot at NorthLake Mall as well....use them, you won;t be sorry.
