5	I love Boston Market!This location is right near Shadyside Hospital in the Bloomfield, Shadyside area of Pittsburgh. This location has a large sit down area and a drivethru if your in a hurry to get your food. They are always nice and the food always tastes great! I get the same thing everytime I'm here. No need to look at the menu. I always get the 3 Piece Dark Individual Meal. A rotisserie chicken meal that comes with one thigh and two legs and two sides. I always get mac & cheese, creamed spinach and sweet potato casserole as my sides.Yummo!
1	Flies in this place.
4	Good homestyle American fare. High quality ingredients, well prepared. Liked the new gourmet sides of loaded potatoes and Mediterranean green beans. I think the quarter dark plate with 2 sides is pretty good especially if you use one of the free soft drink or $1 coupons in the paper or from their website.Service was good, and restaurant super clean when I went. Oh yeah, pretty cool to get real plates and silverware when dining in.
5	I love Boston Market too!! I seldom sit down at this location but usually get take out. Their chicken is always downright tasty and moist (I'd suggest asking for some side bbq sauce - it brings the meal to a whole other dimension!!) and I have a hard time deciding on sides. You can't go wrong with mac n cheese, vegetables, corn, stuffing and sweet potato yams. The cream spinach however seems to be different each time we order it. The cornbread while still good seems to have been reduced in thickness. I've also had the chicken pot pie and so scrumptious. Boston Market always hits the spot and service has always been peppy with no complaints.
4	I wish we'd eat here more often. I love it! I always enjoy the environment. It's bright, clean & smells great! When you dine in, you get real plates and silverware. The food is always delicious. It's about $10 a plate but that's pretty much what you pay many places. You'll always enjoy your meal here.
2	I'm not one for ordering out at work with coworkers very often and this experience can probably tell you why.Boston Market has this nifty gadget on their website that allows you to order via the Internet, the order is sent to the store that you select and you just go and pick it up.  Humph, that's where the happiness stops.  Just because you send your order in and are given a time for pick up does not mean that your order will be ready.  Also be sure to print out your "invoice" prior to going or they will literally argue with you that you order is complete.  Out of five orders, only two were done correctly.  So that meant the estimated twenty minutes on the "invoice" actually turned into about 45 minutes.  Would have been easier to drive here, walk into the store and wait for the order to be done.And prices weren't really that great.  Food not as good either, the meatloaf I ordered has several pieces of gristle in it.  And if I hadn't asked for gravy to put on it, it would have been dry beyond believe.As the stars say, "Meh.  I've experienced better."
5	I went on Tuesday and enjoyed it so much I went back on Thursday too.I have never before this week dined at Boston Market! I don't know what I was waiting for this place is something special.  When you dine in they serve you on a real plate...not some plastic plate or out of boxes. That fact alone was enough to award 5 stars the plate was nice but the food on the plate was even better.  They have two kinds of gravy beef and chickenThe food was excellent the ribs were so tender
5	next to upmc hospital. new decor felt like a real restaurant. food was really good. clean , fast.
5	I love this place for a quick bit!! If ur on a diet this is a great to stop for fast food ..yummmyyy lunch stop
4	Years ago I definitely would have given this Boston Market a five stars.  I now give this Boston Market four stars because of the corporate policy.  Boston Market serves their meals on real glass plates and real silverware.  Once customers are finished with their meals they leave everything on the tables.  During busy times when the dining room often looks messy as tables are often cluttered with napkins and dished which often have uneaten food on it.  I like the old method alot better.  Plastic plates and customers throw their own trash away.
