5	Peter Chiem, DDS. and Wendy Chiem, DDS.Clean, polite, efficient. Nice welcoming waiting room. Good front office. I feel like I have a "relationship" with this dentistry, that as a patient, I am also a person...a community member.Peter Chiem, DDS took the time to get to know me, and share with me his educational accomplishments. Peter graduated from UCLA and studied Dentistry at USC. He moved to Las Vegas from Los Angeles a few years ago when his sister, Wendy (with equally prestigious education) started this office.Cielo was the hygienist assisting Peter Chiem, DDS. She was efficient and communicative. I watched Cielo very carefully observe anti-contamination practices. Nancy and Ingrid run the front politely and with care.One thing I really value is that after the initial x-rays and consultation (covered at 100% by my insurance), a clear written list of charges was discussed before any further work was to be done. Some dentists I have been to are like used-car dealerships complete with "finance managers" and high pressure sales tactics, bait-and-switch. At Stars Dental, the process was direct, had integrity, and was straight-forward honest.Peter Chiem, DDS, knows that good dentistry is both an art *(and)* a science. A dentist can go to the best schools as Peter Chiem did to learn the "science" of dentistry, but the "art" of dentistry is all about developing empathy for your patient and deciding the best course of action. Everybody at this office was very mindful of potential pain, like they were scared out of their wits to cause pain. I appreciate that. Lidocaine worked wonders, but when you have the dentist constantly reading your facial expressions that helps too. I was never in any pain and I was completely numb for the whole procedure...just had something in my eye...but it left a pretty strong impression on me that I was being observed for pain response diligently. Big plus! My favorite quote from Peter Chiem, DDS (while looking at x-rays of my left molar to be root canal'd: "Ninety percent of people have one root. You have two roots!"This dentist office gets 5 stars for very clear reasons: 1-to-1 patient relationship, superior cleanliness, motivated staff, convenient location, honesty.
5	Quote of the day from Dr. Chiem: "You don't seem to be afraid of the (anesthetic) needles. That's good, only 7% of people aren't afraid of needles!"This morning's appointment was deep cleaning. I was numb for the entire procedure (and quite some time thereafter). I appreciate the conscientious teamwork by Cielo, his hygenist. I smoke(d) a briar pipe, your grandfather's pipe, with cavendish tobacco. Which, as you can imagine, leaves tobacco stains on my teeth as deep and dark as molasses. Yeah, real sexy, I know. Well, it's all gone now. Now my teeth are as good as new, like I never smoked a day in my life.If I can just exercise my jaw to get rid of this numbness, that would be just perfect. If you see me and say hello and I just mumble, you'll forgive me.Next up, the crown on top of the root canal.
5	It's been over a week now since my total treatment has been completed, including one root canal with natural-colored enamel crown, deep cleaning, and filling a cavity the size of the Grand Canyon with composite filling so it looked natural.I am very satisfied, so much so that I (*almost*) look forward to going back to this dentist. Almost. Well, I made an appointment for after the first of the year, if that says anything.I really like the people that work here, and I am very satisfied with the results. They are very conscious of pain management (aka: totally no pain in any way). I have had no troubles with my insurance company related to this dentist's work. I'm not sure it can get much more of a positive experience than that.One interesting thing: I walked in a week before my scheduled appointment (as anxious as I was to get it all over and done with, I thought my appointment was one week earlier than it really was). Turns out, I was seen within a few minutes after Dr. Chiem was finished with his current patient. Man, can you get better care anywhere else? Holy cow.
5	My family and I have been going here a few years now and I love the staff. Wait times not too long, they schedule accordingly. My 13 year old got his braces there. Dr prefers to keep natural, and he doesn't automatically want to do work just to make a buck. I have had that done before. I need some work done, they call ins and see how much the different options cost and leave it up to me to do it.  As long as I am in Vegas I will be a faithful customer to this group as long as my ins accepts them.
1	This dentist is very nice but I do have question some of his suggestions. He wanted to put an enamel backing on my front teeth because he said they were cracked. I think I would have noticed if my front teeth were cracked. My two front teeth have a little ridge in the middle- it has always been there and that is just the shape of my teeth. My dentist says my front teeth are perfect and there is nothing wrong with them. He also wanted do a deep cleaning and I had no idea what that was and he explained what it was and that I had a $200 deductible for that. I told my mom about the deep cleaning and she told me that is for people with gum disease and that I don't need it since my gums and teeth are healthy. I told the dentist that I discussed it with my mom who had previously been a dental hygienist and he said that he would waive my deductible and just not tell the insurance company. I was so stunned I said fine and he took about 5 minutes in my mouth with using this tool to do the deep cleaning. It was a strange experience. I didn't realize until today that his "deep cleaning" wasn't even as thorough as my new dentists regular cleaning. I'm glad I found a new dentist that I trust my pearly whites with.
5	Getting all 4 of my wisdom teeth removed at once is no fun for anyone, but Dr. Chiem helped make it as great of an experience as possible.  I went for local anesthesia and was really nervous b/c I've never had any dental or surgical procedure done on me before, but everything went great!  I didn't feel a thing while he was working on the removal.  It didn't take too long and the painkillers afterwards really helped.  I'm happy with the staff, professionalism, and cleanliness of the place - a lot of my friends have had infections after their removals or other procedures, and I'm glad to say everything went very smoothly for me w/ Stars Dental!
5	Doctor and staff at Star Dental are very nice. My family and I are getting our dental work done with Stars Dental for many years.  The dental office is very clean.  We are very satisfied with Dr. Chiem's dental experience.  Root canal, filling, wisdom teeth removal, deep clean, etc, you name it, I got them all taken care of at Stars Dental.  I just had my invisalign done recently and I am very happy with the outcome that Doctor recommended.  Plus my friends and coworkers noticed the result as I smile so they asked for referral.  My kids love to visit Stars Dental for their teeth clean because it's painless for them.  Anyone needs any dental treatments, I highly recommend them come to Stars Dental.
