3	I look forward to returning and seeing what the place becomes.We stopped in early on their grand opening night, the lights were all the way on so you could easily see the small space was filled with some plush looking furniture, small decorative pieces on the wall, a well stocked bar, and some larger tvs. There were a few stools at the bar but most of the seating was in small couches and chairs. Since this was a pre-dinner stop for us we weren't expecting the bar to be fully in "speakeasy" character, I guess, so basketball and antique roadshow wasn't as out of place as it could have been, but I definitely wasn't expecting the alt rock hits of the 90s to be blaring. That have a nice little specialty cocktail menu, and the one we ordered the bartender had never made before, and wasn't really familiar with the whole muddling of ingredients (his words, not mine) and also was unfamiliar with the pricing. So maybe they could have trained a little better during their soft opening?It could have a nice little vibe, a good date night stop, or a drink after dinner in the area, so I think I'll return, I'll just give them a little bit more time. Just pick your seating wisely - although the love seat we sat on was as comfortable as it looked, the large backed chair next to it was not. They do also have hookahs, and although they do not serve food you can bring outside food in.
4	Great speakeasy themed little hookah bar.DOH!  I was probably one of the first to go here but didn't write my review in time to get that first to review badge.  I guess second place isn't that bad.Some friends of mine threw a small gathering here one night with live music.  My GPS wasn't that kind in getting me there but I found the place eventually.  Its on the bottom floor next to Hef's.  As soon as I walked in and saw the decor, I was pretty sure I'd like this place.  Dark but not too dark, helpful bar staff, and hookahs everywhere.  The random famous mobsters posters added an element as well.I wish I could give a more complete review but I've only been there once and it was for a special event.  I'm sure there are specialty drinks that would knock my socks off and can't wait to give them a try.
4	Definitely enjoy this new spot in Park Rd shopping center. As a frequent patron of the other restaurants and bars on the same corner, it is nice to have a hookah bar as an option as something different to do. Definitely go on Thursdays for half off hookah. Staff is very friendly and is genuinely interested in getting to know the customers.
2	Audio assault in the form of Bulgarian post modern industrial techno (merely a guess). It was like a jackhammer to my brain, very small space for such crazy loud music. I saw some glow sticks come out, scanned for pacifiers and we bailed. From the choice words I could make out, our bartender was friendly.
3	This place recently opened up. We came here for a Birthday drinks celebration because all the lounges in uptown were charging an entry fee due to the basketball game that was going on. This place is on the lower level, which at first it was hard to find. Once you get to Qdoba, go down the stairs on the right and then turn left and you will see this establishment. The place is a bit small, they do have nice leather couches and these barrels they use as tables. They also serve drinks in jars instead of regular glasses. Which is kind of cute. I got a strawberry mojito and it was $9, while it was really good(crushed strawberries, sweet, and a whole strawberry on the rime of the jar), I thought that was a bit much. But I think their beer selection is fairly reasonably price, no wonder they only list their beer prices and not other drinks. Which I think was kind of deceiving, like one of the reviewers below said, they didn't really know what price to charge their drinks, and I sort of suspected this, since they don't give you a tab of the actual drinks you bought but just the sum you have to pay at the end. The lady at the registered asked if I wanted to start a tab when I purchased my first drink. I gladly hand over the card. When I wanted to get the bill she asked what my name...I don't see the point of you starting my tab if you can't remember which card is mine. What if she had accidentally charged my card with other people's drinks? And then she told me American Express is not accepted, why didn't she tell me that when I handed her the card? I feel like all in all with how their tabs run and how they don't list prices for their drinks, this place is a bit disorganized. Oh, and I think my friend called the number listed on Yelp to make a reservation, apparently she told me that number doesn't work, so you guys might want to confirm with another source. I do have to say that they are trying to get some props for just starting up, when my friend made the Birthday reservation we arrived with a balloon on our table, a hand written card and a sign that says table reserved. that was thoughtful, so I do have to give them credit for trying. However, despite the nice interior, they place is a bit cramped and need more seating. We were told we couldn't move over more chairs to our party or had to place our chairs a certain way, frankly, who wants to hear this at a bar? I think this place needs to be ironed out, it's trying to be upscale but it doesn't have the necessary ingredient to be upscale.
3	While I enjoyed my visit here, I wish the place was a bit bigger. Fitting large groups of friends would be a challenge and I noticed some people had to stand. There's not a lot of room to dance around or anything like that.The hookah was good, and i enjoyed the cucumber spritzer I ordered. Overall a nice chill place to go with a group of 4 or less, and have hookah and drinks.
5	Hands-down the best muddled drinks I've ever had.  The bartenders are really great and friendly and while it's still not really "well-known" yet, it's still a great place to chill.  LOVE, LOVE, LOVE the Sweet Tart.  Oh my gooodness!!!!!  My bff loves the Giggle Water.  Something about it makes us both smile just ordering it.  No food is served, but we got $1 Qdoba tacos from upstairs and the bartender let us eat it inside the bar.  (Yay!)   You can also order food from Hef's and they will bring it over.  We are going there again tonight for our 4th time and bringing some new friends, too!
4	Tucked away and barely noticeable goes along with the intentions of this speak-easy kind of place.  Once into the bar you will notice nothing more than cool leather couches and seating for what could potentially be a very relaxing spot.  My first visit came this past week and at first I wasn't thinking I would really like the place but once inside and relaxed it began to grow on me.  My biggest complaint would literally only be to get the lighting right.  At some point the track lighting is just too bright and a bit of a mood deterrent. Other than that, the DJ, the service and the unique drink menu really do the trick.  Not to mention the hookah's for use.  The decor is warm and cozy and of course our table was a modified bourbon barrel.  How fitting.  That being said watch your drinks because the tops are a little unforgiving and not level all around.
4	First timer. Loved the atmosphere. Very quaint and small. If you are looking for a crowd and huge establishment; wrong place. They offer a DJ, Drinks, Hookah, and nice conversation. I will definitely be going back and meeting new people. No food is on the menu so be prepared to eat prior or go after. Avg. drink is $8 which is reasonable being that the alcohol content is great :-)
3	Cool tucked away lounge with unique drinks. However BEWARE if your tastebuds are not up to the unique drinks you are stuck with it. I was there yesterday and the bartender told me that they do NOT dump drinks (I literally took a sip/who does that) as dumping drinks affects drink cost. I totally understand but thats not a smart business practice especially with house driks. I was willing to pay for the drink but not continue to purschase other drinks. The bartender decided not to charge me for the drink afterall. BUT BEWARE. Also this is a small venu not suited for large groups.
4	Great speakeasy theme with drinks to match. When this place first opened, I was a frequent flyer and definitely due for another night. The place is small yet cozy and a great spot to bring a group of friends. It's a hookah bar with a laundry list of flavors and half-priced hookahs on Thursdays. The drinks are delicious and crafted with muddled fruit. My favorite is the giggle water, a term that comes straight from the pre-prohibition era! And the sweet tart is, well, sweet haha but definitely flavorful. Watch out though - these drinks are delicious, smooth and easy to suck down without realizing hey, who drank my drink?! The churro beverage is tasty as well and comes with cinnamon around the rim. Yum!No food is served here but they encourage you to grab to go around one of the many neighboring restaurants and bring it back - or you can order Hef's right next door and they will bring it to you. If I'm around Montford, I love starting the night here then hopping over to another bar. While Barreled is delicious, and has well-executed drinks you can't find elsewhere in Charlotte, the drinks also have a higher price tag and disappear from your glass way too easily  : )
4	Very good drinks served in mason jars.  I don't partake in hookah, but it was fun drinking some berry drinks while my friends did.  The hookah seemed to last for quite a while even though they were smoking quite a bit.  There were also many options for the sisha and what to put in the hookah water. They were trying to do karaoke, but it was mainly just a DJ playing requests since there were only 8 people (6 in my group, 2 others), and no one wanted to sing.Definitely the best hookah bar I've been to in Charlotte.
5	Easily the best mixed drinks that the wife and I have had in Charlotte.  They have a small regular cocktail list with about 10 or 12 standard drinks, but they can easily make an infinite number of different drinks based on the amount of spirits they have on hand.  The wife and I decided to go off menu by choosing from a list of words that describe the drink that you are interested in imbibing. For example, the wife chose  herbal, refreshing and floral, and she got a gin drink with muddled basil, I chose strong and smokey and received a cocktail with scotch, bourbon and cognac. For the second round, I went with a spicy gin drink which had a nice jalapeno kick to it, and the wife chose the a cucumber strawberry drink from the menu called a Boardwalk.  She asked for it not to be too sweet and they obliged by slightly changing the drink. They have hookah if that's your thing and it seems like they have regular DJs and they mentioned other events like karaoke and a burlesque night.  The atmosphere is quiet  early in the evening, but certainly picks up when the DJ gets spinning.  As an aside, we found the drinks reasonably priced.We will definitely return with friends that also enjoy tasty libations.
4	Love this place! I'd never been to a Hooka bar before, a group of friends decided to try something different, I don't think we had any intention to stay as long as we did but we ended up closing down the place. Tuesdays has 1/2 bottles and glasses of wine which is always a bonus, they also have karaoke on Tuesdays which was entering to say the least. The inside is definitely the speakeasy vibe it is small but very chill. I believe Monday and one other night offers 1/2 price Hooka. I would recommend the watermelon mint flavor and blueberry. Service was great and friendly. Will definitely come back to this place again...everyone had a great time, give it 2 thumbs up!
4	First time, love the set up and vibe of the place.. laid back and relaxed. Good selection of craft cocktails with muddled fruits and new twists on 'classic' drinks. Stayed until around 930 and for a Sunday they had a good crowd... DJ started at 9, most people partaking in the hookahs. Small patio area outside which was nice to relax on as well. If you want a chill spot where you can sit on a comfy couch and talk this is your spot. Only down sides, no food and no draft beers... you can bring in food from the many resturants in the plaza thou.
4	Would not have known about this place if it was not for Yelp, and remembered passing up the place when I went to Michaels.Place - It is a small establishment that is nestled between a bar, ice cream shop, and a restaurant.  The second time I have been here, we were outside, enjoying the nice view of the courtyard plaza underneath the string of white lights. It was a lovely evening.Service - Friendly and attentive waiters/waitress/hosts. Music - Is all up to date, with a mix of the 90's and 00's.What to do - A good hang out with friends to chit-chat and smoke up some hookah. I personally do not smoke them, but hang out with friends who does.  They have enjoyed this place way too much, and I find the place needing a little reno. Drinks - I love sweet alcoholic drinks, so my go to is always the sweet-tart like drink that is fun to drink out of. It is pricey, I believe $8 or so?  But I get a good amount of drink out of it in a mason jar.
4	Nice chill place to have a few drinks or smoke hookah. I liked the vibe. Dark, relaxed, music loud enough to feel like you're out but not so loud that you can't have a conversation. And the drinks... Geez they were good. And so strong! I had Sieana make me a drink of her choosing after telling her what I liked. Gin, St. Germaine and soda, with muddled strawberries, lime and cucumber. I highly recommend.
4	I really enjoyed coming to this place! The speakeasy vibe was nice although the place is really small it's laid out fairly well. I suggest making a reservation for a table before going in. They don't have many and they were all reserved when we got there. However they had a little outdoor area that we used and that worked out well until a table free'd up.  The drinks are cool, they do mostly "muddled" drinks. We tried the whole bartenders choice. They have a list of words and you pick two and a liquor base and the bartender makes you something. Worked out well for us each time. The DJ was very good in my opinion and the Hookah was good as well. I've never done it before so I don't have much to compare it to. The doorman made some recommendations and they were always on point so he was super helpful and a nice guy!! All in all I think we will probably come back for another chill Friday night at some point :) Only con I can't think of really is I didn't like that they didn't give us an itemized bill. They keep your card to run the tab but it's all hand written not automated. Which I don't think they messed up or anything but I generally like to look over a bill before paying. So yeah otherwise definitely a cool place to check out if you're in the area!
4	Great drinks! Nice crowd! Half hookah on Thursdays!!! NICE!!!!! Groovy little spot, comfy come with a great group of friends and have good time. The DJ is great too!!
5	What a great spot closest thing to a speakeasy in Charlotte. Hidden by the elevators next to hefs. The drinks are amazing and the staff well they are top notch. We love stopping in just for a drink :)
5	Great flavors, cozy atmosphere, and the most friendly and knowledgeable staff. Anywhere can put couch's in a room and serve hookahs. No where is offering such friendly smiles and customer service. Stop by, you won't be disappointed
3	Good cocktails, cozy atmosphere,  great addition to the depth of Montford. Try The Prohibited at medium spicy.
5	Great place for craft cocktails! There are many great drinks on the menu but it's really fun to have the bartenders just come up with something delicious based upon a few keywords! Must try!
5	I found this looking for a hookah spot that sells superb drinks. I was totally impressed. This place is awesome. You are catered to by the best of the best. Your drinks are created by mixologist. You tell them what you want and they produce. The prices are great. Not only that the hookah is phenomenal. And I wanted to slap the DJ he was so good. He knew he was good because he walked out the door when he knew he dropped a hot song. It's a lowkey spot where you will have good times. I know I will be back again and again.
5	This is pretty neat spot. Staff is always friendly and the drinks have always been good. It's also a hookah lounge for the smokers out there. A little small but it makes the place intimate. They also host some pretty good DJ's through out the week. Mostly Wednesday and Sunday. Sometimes two at a time with one outside.
4	This is just one of those places you'll either really like or you'll really just won't. Fortunately for me, my experience here was very positive. I was honestly looking for a place that had good hookah, and i stumbled here. Walked in to some extremely loud music but since im an EDM fan and came alone im ok with it. Sat down at he bar and asked the bartender (who is one of the coolest dudes i've met) to set me up with some hookah and drinks.- The Hookah.Honestly it was not bad. It definitely wasn't the best but it was packed well and the flavor came through nicely (which is all I expect at a hookah lounge). Cool note: YOU CAN SMOKE AT THE BAR!!!!!! I've honestly never seen that and I love sitting at the bar and making small talk so this was definitely appreciated. They also have KM hookahs (look it up if you don't know) so I do appreciate the quality. Pricing is pretty high ($20 for 1 flavor, $25 for a mix) which for me is a huge downside.- The Drinks. If I didn't like hookah, I'd still come here for the drinks because they bomb!!! A play on mixed drinks with real fruit, they put it in small glass barrels (hence the name) and serve great portions for the price. I had several cucumber based drinks (Since i like Pimm's Cup) and they tasted pretty darn good. I would honestly come back just for this.With the mixture of good hookah and mixed drinks I'll definitely be back.
