5	I usually give Layla (black lab/pointer mix) baths at home...but with her black nails, I am afraid to trim as I can't see the quick.They've been getting long...last pedicure was at the vet in early March - and I have scratch marks all over me to prove it.I found A Family Affair by the Happy Hour sign on 16th St.  I went in last week, spoke with Troy, and made an appointment for today to have Layla's nails trimmed.She is a nervous dog, not thrilled to be on a leash and not happy to be handled by strangers.  That said, we had a GREAT experience!  She was handled gently, spoken to softly, and I was allowed to go back and pet her head and talk to her while getting the clipping done.Fast and painless...they even used a dremel to file down the edges so they are smooth.I will definitely be back for all our nail visits...and next time, I think I'll let them take care of the bath, too!
5	Troy does a great job and my boys always come home happy that they got to stay at uncle Troy's house all day.
5	Troy has been grooming my pack of 5 for years and ALWAYS does an amazing job.  I don't know how they get to be so raggedy looking, but as bad as they get, Troy consistently drops off a pack that looks like they could each enter a dog show.Yep, I said "drops off" and that's just half of the cool thing about A Family Affair Pet Grooming.  He also picks up!  How cool is that?  I don't have to worry about loading everyone into the car and driving them down the street anymore.  Troy picks the dogs up and drops them back off at the house when he's finished!Gotta love a company that recognizes and caters to a busy lifestyle.He's great with dogs, too - even Scout (that HATES ALL GROOMERS).  He's patient, friendly and the dogs like him a lot!
5	I just took my Yorkie Luna to 'A Family Affair' today, it was our first visit. My Yorkie can be a very bad girl when it comes to grooming and sometimes it takes groomers a bit longer to finish her. Not only was she done sooner than I was told, but they did a GREAT job! I also love that they don't use cages and they also offer teeth cleaning with no anesthesia. I HIGHLY recommend taking your pet to 'A Family Affair' I was very pleased.
5	Troy even watches my boys for me now when I'm out of town. He picks them up, takes good care of them and then returns them freshly washed even. Greatest grooming company ever, Troy rocks!
5	Troy has been grooming my pets for over 15 years. I think that says a lot! I trust him with my little ones as I know he treats them as his own. His love of animals is apparent. His creative grooming is a cut above the rest. There is always something going on at A Family Affair and he is always giving back to the community. If the words "safe", "cage free, " "and all natural" sound like what you would want for your kids, this is the place to be. reasonably priced with great attention to detail. Troy gets my HIGHEST recommendation.
5	I have been going to A Family Affair for a few years now. Troy A. is an amazing groomer .  What is even more important to me is that he is so passionate about his career. He truly loves animals and always shows them special affection.  When my dog Gabe became ill, I could tell that Troy really cared. A Family Affair has full grooming services as well as non anesthesia teeth cleaning.  I already have my dog Copper booked for her cleaning at the end of March.  You should try it too!
4	As a newcomer to living in downtown Phoenix, we had to find a new place to take our Yorkie, Ghillie.  I have to say it is the best haircut she has ever had.  She looks adorable and was so relaxed when we picked her up less than two hours later. I would definitely recommend Troy.
5	You want your four legged furry baby to have the best groomer in Metro Phoenix?  Stop looking NOW!  Troy is the absolutely The BEST!!!!  I have 7.5 year old soft-coated wheaten terrier male, who is the biggest baby.  He is always excited to see Troy, maybe not the actual grooming, but his anxiety is loads less then from the past groomers.  Troy is the best :))
5	We have been to several Groomers in Phoenix prior to finding Troy. We have been taking our two poodle mixes and Siamese cat to him for over a year now and not only are we happy but the pooches and kitty are too.  Consistently good and exactly what we ask for. Going somewhere new is always risky b/c your turning your babies over to who knows what. But I can guarantee 100% that Troy and his staff will take care of them.
5	Big thanks to Troy with A family Affair Pet Grooming,not only did he do an expertly and efficient job of grooming and cutting my dogs matted tangled curly dreds, he did it on the fourth of july!now that right there is an american ladies and gentlemen, willing to bust his chops on our nations b-day shearing my mountain goat of a dog when he should've by all rights been kicking it poolside w/ a beer and a brat. I dropped my pooch off yesterday at 9am and in a little over two hours he was all done, I didnt even recognize him when I saw him, he looked great, but decidedly less Jerry Garcia-esque (which is a good thing in my book) at any rate for $85 this is definitely my once a year go to guy for dog cuts. Take your furry friend for a car ride and drop by sometime, you wont be disappointed.
1	This grooming shop is closed. I believe Troy moved out of state.
