5	Stopped in this morning for an oil change.  $15 Oil Change out the door with tax included near Downtown neighborhoods! Liberty Tech & Tire is next to Albertson's on Sahara/Maryland. The owner, Harun, seemed like a very kind and honest person. He told me my belts look good and car has no leaks. :)  Always good to hear when you go into a shop instead of the usual thousands of dollars in unnecessary repair quotes. Tires and great specials on everything from alignment ($50) to brake service ($99). Took 45 minutes this morning without an appointment but used the time to get some grocery shopping done. Free Wi-Fi, fresh coffee, bottled water and plenty of magazines to read in a pleasant waiting room. Impressed! Without word of mouth, his shop is easy to miss.  Been open since July 2012.  ASE Certified, legit.
5	Liberty Tech and Tire saved my life and my road trip. Rashid took such good care of me and he was incredibly friendly. He is the owner and he was there working on a Sunday. Would highly recommend to anyone living in the area and anyone driving through with car trouble. This place is honest and really does care. Thanks Rashid!!!
5	I heard of Liberty Tech and Tire through a facebook page called "Huntridge Neighborhood", I did not realize that the business had change from a European parts establishment to Liberty Tech and Tire (repair shop).  Because of the outstanding rave about Harun and Liberty Tech and Tire, I took a chance and stopped by for an oil change... I knew that my brakes were not in the best shape but wasn't ready to fork out the money to have them replaced just yet.  Well needless to say, due to the great deal that Huran offered me, they changed the booth drums and disc on the back axle for only $99.00 plus tax and he threw in the oil change with the deal.   That's not only great customer service but a real neighborhood business that definitely gets my support and business.
5	Nail in the tire was not the plan for the family xmas trip!  Found pep boys and went in...they were too busy to get to my car before closing...went back in the am and stood yhere for 15 minutes without anyone speaking to me.  Yelped another tire repair location nearby and found Liberty!  Great guys!  Had me in and out in 15 minutes with a smile and a cheap bill...thanks Liberty...customer service matters!
5	Harun Rashid runs a great shop. Makes good suggestions for quality parts, and will tell you if your car is okay rather than making up new ailments. It's always nice to see a mechanic who doesn't want to see you come back for as long as possible. I went in for quite a bit of work recently (new tires, front brake replacement, tune up, oil change, battery check, fan/belt check, air filter replacement) and gritted my teeth as the bill printed out, but the prices were much more than reasonable, even for decent-quality parts and a small markup for labor costs. This is a shop well-worth supporting and I hope they stick around for a long time to come.
5	Great service and goes out of their way to fix your car 100%
5	Harun is a life saver.  I went to Vegas for my birthday and when I got there, my car was leaking coolant.  Liberty was the only shop open on a Sunday so I gave them a try.  I needed to replace my thermostat, its housing, and coolant reservoir. I had to stay in Vegas an extra day(no complaints there) because we needed a dealer part from BMW.  He even gave me a ride back to my hotel!  Harun is honest and genuinely cares about his customers.  Thanks Harun!
5	Highly recommend this place :)) owner is friendly & very honest...prices are right!!!Did a wheel alignment, added freeon ac is ice cold, replaced my radiator on my BMW all for cheap!!!
5	Never fails . . . on the trip up to Las Vegas the oil pressure / oil change light came on . . . so a quick search of YELP turned me on the this place . . . quick in / quick out / very reasonable price . . . happy and back to the casino we go.If I ever have a problem on my way to Las Vegas again . . . Liberty Tech and Tire will definately be my first choice.
5	I got a full set of new tires, and during the process they informed me my brakes were bad.  They replaced my brakes, and showed me the completely worn brake pads.  And my new tires are good quality!  The prices are cheapest in town, and they are fast.  Their customer service was excellent!  I would definitely return again, and recommend to others!
5	I live in Moraga, CA more than 550 miles away from this shop. Last Friday I drove to Vegas. Shortly before I reached Bakers, about 100 miles from Vegas, smoke came out from our 1996 E320. Luckily we still made it to Vegas. After we checked in Mandalay Bay, I started to look for   car doctors to fix my car. It was almost mid night. I left a few messages. Only Mr. Rashid returned my call. His shop fixed my car professionally. Mr. Rashid offered me free shuttle service. We go Vegas at least once a year. Next time I go to Vegas, I will buy him a cup of Starbucks or a lunch.
5	Took my 525 BMW here, and when I bought the car it was only running half as good as it is running now! Great service, great price, and great customer service! I would definatly reccomend!
5	This place is the best!!
5	Yesterday, I started hearing a loud grinding noise from my right rear tire when I braked.  As the day went on and so did I with errands, the noise was attracting attention from cars next to me.  Of course it was too late to find help.  I checked out yelp this morning for repair shops close to my place in case I had to walk back and forth.  I called and  Harun said "come on over". I arrived around 11 a.m. left the car and went for lunch.  When I came back, Harun had the total repairs listed and the price.  The price seemed fair.  He seems welcoming and honest.    He also said they could finish by 6p.m.  (Pretty good service and attention for a last minute - late arrival).I told him the reviews on yelp were what made me pick his place.  I hope others have the same good luck and service I received...and review afterwards.  These recommendations really help..especially females that might not know the "inner workings" of the automobile.Thanks Harun, Great Job.
3	I came here a few months ago to have my tires rotated and balanced after Sears Automotive messed them up when they tried to do it. I was only charged $40 from Liberty which was nice and afterwards my cars was driving properly again, HOWEVER, the owner started trying to sell me on new tires when Sears had just checked them and told me I didn't need new tires for awhile. The owner then told me that my brake rotors needed to be replaced along with brake pads and he would do all 4 for $600. I felt like he was pushing a lot of extra things on me so I took it to another shop that I found on Yelp which was Cars Complete. They told me that I did in fact need new brakes/rotors, but only on my front 2 tires, not all of them like Liberty had told me. They charged me $490 for the 2 and even though it would have been cheaper per tire to have Liberty do all 4, why would I want to waste money on something that doesn't need to be done? And I didn't feel confident that they were qualified to work on German cars, despite other reviews saying they can.Most of all, I especially don't liked being conned into things I don't need to have done. I am willing to give Liberty another chance in the future but I will definitely make sure to have my work order double checked before having a large amount of work done.
1	DO NOT GO HERE!!!!  THEY ARE THIEVING JERKS!!!!!!    I go there cuz my car engine shakes when I turn it off.  I walk in and it's this trashy room with old disgusting chairs and the guy looks like he just woke up and his english sucks and he looks sleezy.  They say i need a new solanoid or starter motor.  They wanna charge me 565!!!  I call Auto Tech and they say 400$  I tell them I'm leaving then he says oh let me lower it down to 450.  The mechanics are very nice but the owner is a total douchebag!  SERIOUSLY don't listen to any of the other reviews.  Auto Tech was cool, RG motorworks gives you the parts that they replace and take pictures.  But I heard Specialized Auto Care is the best!  An at home mechanic I go to said the guy will never rip you off!
5	We drive from Henderson just to see Rashid. Great guy and great prices. He really is that neighborhood mechanic and we would rather see him than any big chain store any day. We support small businesses and Rashid is an honest guy willing to go the extra mile.
5	This Review is Based on JUST THE SMOG TEST, as that is the only thing I have had done here.  Done in 15min. Flat even tho they had other cars on the rack. $14.99 Yes Please.  Than you can walk literally 50ft to the Automated DMV Machine inside Albertsons and get your Tags immediately.  I LOVE YOU VEGAS
5	I rarely ever go on Yelp or write reviews, but this is the only business I've cared to write a 2nd review on.  The manager Harun is awesome and always remembers me and my boyfriend, by name, and even what vehicles we have.  We have been using their services for over a year now, and it is QUALITY work for very reasonable prices, well worth the drive from the South side of town where we live.  They even have a board comparing their prices with the prices of other corporate businesses, so you can see the difference for yourself in prices.  We are actually going to stop by today for my flat tire too, so I was checking the hours on this page and decided to say, THANK YOU Harun and Liberty Tech and Tire! :)
5	I recently moved to vegas and wanted to car mechanic I could trust. Harun is extremely helpful and fair. I have taken my Honda civic here a couple of times and could not be happier with the service and work.
5	Came here for an emergency oil change. Harun, the manager, provides excellent customer service and explained everything that needed to be done on the car. He didn't try to overcharge us for anything and is an extremely honest man. This place executes integrity and efficiency. Got a super fast oil change! We will definitely be back here (: thanks liberty tech and tire!!
5	Wow!! An honest mechanic in Las Vegas!!!! Job done honest and timely!!! I have lived here for many years and I have been ripped off and lied to by so many greedy horrible mechanics, I was scared to go! I yelped mechanics and here we are!!! Happy customer :)))))
5	It's tough to find a good, honest mechanic. Rashid will honestly tell you what your car really needs and will charge you fairly.  I highly recommend Rashid for all of your car needs. Also, he'll go over and beyond for customer service. A perfect example of this is when I took my car in for a typical oil change. It was close to closing time but he saw my car anyway.  He noticed that my radiator was broken and recommended that he'll keep it over night and fix it first thing the next morning. He then offered me a ride home to my house.  Great guy, great service!
5	WOW, I just noticed my last visit to Liberty Tech and Tire was June 2013. Weird that the same month a year later there I was ...AGAIN.  I first did  my 'good Karma Mom thing' and helped my daughter and son-in-law get their car fixed.  And who did I recommend?  Rashid (Harun)  of course. I actually had his coupon mailer in my car planning a visit for myself. Long story short.  Kids car was fixed same day for at least 1/2 of what others wanted to charge. Then a couple days later took the kids back for the coupon oil change and my coolant service.  Oil Change great and coupon made a special bargain.  My car... is nearing 100k miles and I knew 'things' were starting to cry for a bit of attention.  Rashid discovered a couple critical problems and recommended I did not even try to drive it again until fixed.  I am not the best 'saver for the rainy day type' and thank God I had a small vacation fund. The repairs took a couple days and I got all new tires, alternator, & belts replaced. I have owned a business in the past and know the 'golden rule' works in life and is even more important in business.  Rashid is an example of an Honest guy trying to make a living with kindness and fair prices.  Thanks Rashid...AGAIN!!
5	I'm from out of town and didn't want to get taken advantage of so i turned to Yelp... Had a crazy noise coming from my brakes and it came on suddenly so I figure I got a rock in between my pad and rotor. .. nope my pads were shot!  This place got me right in and the price was very reasonable.  Kind of a weird location and a bit run down but the service is top notch.
5	First of all, if I could give this place 10 stars he would get 100.  We came from Los Angeles to have fun of course! We experienced our car overheating. We brought our car to him on a Sunday, thankfully he was open. We ended up having to replace our radiator andhe charged us a very reasonable rate. They worked on it literally all day. It still was over heating and they thought that it was blocked somewhere in it.  They both worked on it until well past their closing.  He also ended up having to probably lose some business as he was working on ours. They ended up going well above and beyond expectation.  I can never thank him enough for helping us out! We ended up having to stay another night and had no way to even get to a hotel, He was kind enough to give us a ride.  The world needs more mechanics like him.  If I lived in Las Vegas, I would never take any of my cars to anyone but him!
5	Came in for an alignment. Hands down, best price in town! Customer service is top notch. It is a family owned small business but sometimes it's best to trust with your vehicle. I will be returning even it's on the other side of town for me. Worth it! Glad I found them on Yelp!
5	This is my first yelp review. Harun is a genuinely nice honest competent manager/mechanic - a rarity in this field. It was a pleasure getting ym car serviced with him. His prices were very reasonable and transparent. I would have no hesitation recommending his services for your car needs.
5	Fantastic!  He repaired my breaks didn't try to sell me anything I didn't need or have any extra fees! Was very nice to boot! Would recommend to my best friends!
5	Service was great! Prices were also great. We were on a time crunch and he even stayed open after closing just so he could finish the work that needed to be done because he knew we needed the car that night. Also provided us with a ride back to the hotel.
5	Another positive experience!! Thank you for such great service and prices!! Unbeatable in Vegas
1	I needed my radiator replaced ASAP and, as someone relatively new to Las Vegas, I relied on Yelp to choose an honest, competent mechanic. The owner of Liberty Tech may be friendly, but he and/or his team of mechanics are not reasonably priced or competent. (1) Competence: Prior to getting my radiator replaced, my transmission shifted perfectly. On my way home from Liberty Tech (directly after the radiator was replaced), however, my transmission was kicking roughly and shifting improperly. Not surprisingly, when I told the owner about the transmission issues stemming from the radiator replacement, he became defensive. He acted like the transmission issues were just a coincidence as it's not surprising for 7 year old cars to have transmission problems. He disagreed with me that it had something to do with the radiator replacement but said he'd take a look at it. I felt like I was just another girl getting hustled by a mechanic so I took my car to somewhere else for a disinterested opinion that I could trust. Sure enough, the disinterested mechanic said that transmission fluids drained during the process of replacing the radiator and should have been checked and replaced. He said that this is not uncommon, and was shocked that another shop failed to check and replace the transmission fluids (as this is a standard practice among competent mechanics). Low transmission fluids are extremely rough on transmissions and I'm lucky I promptly hired a competent mechanic to discover the problem before I drove more on low transmission fluids and damaged parts. (2) Price:The full cost of changing the radiator was approximately $200 more than the average cost for my make/model/year. I accepted the price because it wasn't worth the hassle to transport my car to another shop and I assumed I was paying more for a higher quality shop. SUMMARY: Pros: -nice. Cons: -overpriced. -incompetent in replacing radiators. Responsible mechanics check, and where needed, replace transmission fluids after replacing radiators as transmission fluid is often lost in radiator replacements. -uncomfortable waiting room. The A/C felt like it was turned off or broken in the waiting area.
2	After viewing my Yelp review of 8/20, Rashid has contacted me to apologize and offer to reimburse me for the second shop's bill regarding the replacement of transmission fluids.
5	The only mechanic I trust with my ride. As a female it's very hard to not get taken advantage of when it comes to cars. I always have a great experience here! Great pricing on tires and oil changes!
5	Thanks so much for the honest advice and help. Liberty took the time to evaluate my car and didn't charge me. They gave me advice towards a used car purchase.Thanks guys!
5	Yelp user for a couple of years, first  review and comment ever. I am new to area and relied on Yelp for help.  Reviews were spot on. Great price for brake replacement and new rotars and service.
5	I don't know much about cars or anything car related. I know that the vehicle I'm driving is getting on in years and is getting to the point where I'm worried if it will last. Found Liberty through Yelp and I am grateful for all your reviews as they held true.I took it here to see what could be done with the check engine light. I was taken care of by Rashid. His service was quick, courteous and quite educational. I was given a decent quote for the service but had to decline due to lack of funds. He made me a deal that I might take him up on next time when I come back. Instead I just got my oil changed - about an hour or so wait which was great timing for lunch at L&L next door. We had some good conversation and I enjoyed my experience. Will probably be back soon.
5	To be honest, I have never been to a car shop before and I have only heard horror stories about how people are ripped off because shady mechanics. But when my brakes started making a grinding noise, I figured I need to get this fixed and ASAP. I did a few hours of research online beforehand. I also looked up average prices (all around) and for my car specifically (camry 2002). And I live with two mechanics who were able to give me an estimate. They were also able to help see how severe the problem was before I headed out to the shop. So, despite having little to no knowledge about cars, I tried to make sure I was prepared to protect myself from being overcharge...That being said, I went to this car shop at around 4PM (two hours before closing) and I was out within an hour to an hour and a half. Rashid was very helpful and friendly. He allowed me to go to the back and he showed me where the damage is done and what they were doing to fix it. I did see however a special for "brake service" for $99 and I inquired about that, but apparently it was only for domestic cars??? After questioning about his clients, it turned out that he mostly worked on imported cars (which are obviously more expensive to repair). So, with that I was a little disappointed, but other than that the cost was around where I expected. Both my front brake pads were worn out completely and my rotors needed to be replaced (as a pair because the wearing damage must be relatively equal on each side) and total for parts and service came out to be a nice $240.16. He also did a "free" cleaning of the back brakes as well. But like I said, nothing went wrong during my visit and since I have fixed my brakes here, there has been no problem at all. Rashid is definitely very trustworthy. He takes pride in a small business that is loyal to their customers.My only warning would be to make sure you can identify what you really need versus what you "might" need. Apparently my power supply pump had a leakage which would take around $400 to $500 dollars to fix. He was willing to fix it at the same time, but I decided I would rather investigate further and receive further opinions about the severity of it since I have never noticed any leakage and my car had been fully serviced a few months ago.Even so, Rashid did not pressure me to get anything at the moment. He encouraged me to shop around and compare prices. It's a great business, and I highly recommend it.
5	I recently had my rear brakes replaced by Liberty Tech and Tire. Their prices are more than fair and their staff are friendly and courteous. They rotated and balanced the tires without additional charge for the safety of the vehicle and the passengers. I will definitely return for any needed service.
5	Super friendly, quick service, and excellent work. Prices are very competitive and inexpensive.
