4	I have to say this place was cooler than I thought it would be. Yes, there was a 31 foot Stripper which IS the entrance of the bar/lounge. I met up with one of my fiends that lived in Vegas while I was in town. When we walked in, we were greeted my a very nice lady. When I was on my way to meet my friend I noticed a sign in the middle of the mall that said buy-1-get-1 at the Stripper Bar, so I mentioned this to the waitress when we arrived and she had to ask someone else to verify. We were able to get the special, and if anyone wants to know the Amstel Light is $6.00 per bottle. We had one beer there and we paid for another to go. Once we met up with my wife and brother who was in the casino, we convinced them to go back. That is when the fun started. We had 4 people in our party and so when we got back we had the same waitress as before, well considering there was only 2 people working. We decided to sit around the "center stage". We were there for like 20-30min just drinking and I noticed that no one was getting on the stage and dancing. I asked and the reason might seem shocking for a place called the Stripper Bar. There is a Theater right next door and there was TONS of people waiting in line. There were a bunch of families with kids as well. She said they normally wait until all the kids are in the theater before they dance. It is nice they think about others. That didn't stop other families strolling by in the mall, to take pictures. Some dads even had their kids pose under the legs of the huge stripper to take photos. That's was part of the fun. I would say we were there for about another 2 hours and we all had fun. The girls that worked there were very nice and if the place is still there when we come back we will make a point to stop by again. Another quick tip - if you do look up under the large stripper's skirt you will notice that you can see lips and while we were there the manager had a ladder under her and they ended up coloring panties on her. I guess they are going to add a camera under the skirt so when people pass through and look up they will get a picture taken and they can buy it as a souvenir.
3	We sat here while we waited for our Stripper 101 class to begin (see separate review).  The service was good and the drinks weren't too watered down.  It seems to serve mostly as the waiting area for the class.  It got busy while all the ladies were waiting.  Not much space for anyone else there.  There was a huge pole in the center of the room.  I imagine someone goes there to perform, but none were doing so while we were there.
3	PH Mall, this drink spot is a must stop by! Don't worry, you wont miss it, the giant stripper in front of the bar will lead you to the entrance.  While there were no actual strippers when I was there (hopefully next time), the place is noteworthy.  The bartenders are very friendly and talkative and the drinks are enjoyable.  After a few drinks, you can enjoy showing off your skills on their pole and they do offer advice.  You know you want to give it a shot!
3	We were waiting for the V show to start at PH and my friend's husband decided to get a drink next door at the Stripper Bar.  He said he was thirsty and wanted something cold, not because it's a "Stripper Bar".  Sure sure....   My husband reluctantly (so he claimed) followed.  All joking aside, we went in, the atmosphere was fun, not to mention the larger than life stripper at the entrance. I tried their frozen mango margarita, and it was one of my favorite mango magarita ever.  It was tangy and not so sweet.
1	Came here after picking up our tickets at the theater box office which happens to be right next to this bar. They gave us coupons for half off drinks that we can bring into the theater with us. We ordered two gin and tonics (regularly $9) which came in pretty big cups but unfortunately, they were 90% tonic water and 10% gin. There was also no lime or any garnish. I don't know if it's because we had the coupons that they seemingly overlooked the gin part of a gin and tonic, but the drinks did nothing other than fill up our bladders.
2	I was a little disappointed. Maybe we had bad timing, but it was dead and boring. The only redeeming quality would have been the entertainment but the girls barely even went on stage. More dancing girls would have made it much more interesting. I would have gotten on stage if I thought they would have let me!Drinks seemed limited and the food was blah.
4	We came here after feeling rejected by Blondie's right across the way, these bars literally face one another. We were greeted by Tara, who was super nice, took our order and told us to sit wherever we pleased. The place wasn't packed, but had a decent crowd going. There were only two girls running the whole place but I never had to chase down my waitress or ask for refills, she was always just there, sweet as can be. A bucket of beers was $15, the cheapest I've come across in Vegas. We also ordered chips and salsa and chicken strips, which were good. When we asked for more ranch, we were apologized to and the extra ranch appeared almost immediately. At halftime, Tara jumped on the pole, which was cool. No clothes came off, but you have to remember that this bar is located in the center of the mall. Stripper Bar has a few TVs, the one in the center being the largest by far, and a few placed around the bar up toward the ceilings. We were actually able to keep up with all the games by watching not only the TVs in the bar, but the massive TVs on the front of Blondie's. After the game was over, the staff started strip lessons, which was definitely interesting. All in all, we had fun and the servers are so nice, I'll probably be dropping in here more often.
1	Rude waitress, dead place. atmosphere was dull. If you are in Vegas, skip this place. Plenty of other bars out there.
3	We just missed the crowd here, so when we arrived it was dead. The bar is small, the dancer was fun and the girls working the bar were nice. Good spot for a quick drink.
4	1 year and 8 months later....this place is still there. I was hoping it was. We met some friends at PH last week and I was hoping to check this place out again. They agreed and it was just as I remembered. I had beer which were like $5 and the regular mixed drinks were like $10. My wife said the drinks were really strong. The entertainment/waitress was really nice and asked us if we needed anything several times during our stay. We were there for the very end of the Dallas vs. Giants game, so the place was about half full. The music was really good and loud. It seemed that the entire wing of the mall could hear it, but the way the sound was set up, you could walk right around the corner and all you could hear was normal mall noise. As we sat and watched the end of the game, we noticed that Blondie's right across the hall was packed and everyone inside was looking at us. Probably because there was more to see on our side. They did have a huge projection TV (from what I remember) and 3-4 other TVs. It is pretty much a 1-3 drink meet up place which was what we used it for this trip. Next year when we come back I hope this place is still there. It is a good place to stop by.
5	my husband and i really liked this bar. and no ladies its not really a "stripper" bar. it was a nice place to stop and rest after walking the strip. we both  had a cold drink and watched a couple of bachelorette parties prepare for their stripper 101 classes. all the girls there were very nice. we really enjoyed ourselves and even went back the next night. i definetly recommend stopping by if your in town
3	My boyfriend and I had 2-1 drink coupon. We some chips and salsa with margaritas. It was fine. Nothing special take it or leave it. Waitress where nice.
5	I really feel for this place, I really do. I have been here three times and have enjoyed it everytime. Though this place suffers from location, this bar has one of the best customer service of any on the strip. The drinks are really strong and a really cheap. Bring in a half yard and have it filled up for a couple bucks less then others. They don't have smoothies but they can mix you any drink you want cheaply, as long as it only have one kind of alcohol in it. My money is on the tequila sun rise. Every so often the ladies get up on stage and do a few stripper moves. Nothin is taken off but when I'm drunk off my ass, it feel like the real thing. Good laughs, cheap drinks, good company. Its difficult to get to since it is in the back of the Miracle Mile Shopping Mall right next to the V Theatre, but it is worth to try atleast once.
5	Why are their two threads for this bar? Well I posted a comment in the other tread, go check it out. I like this place. It is very small and it is a good oasis to hit up while in the Miracle Mile shopping Mall. Its worth a visit because the drinks are cheap and the service is good.
4	My husband and I got a free drink from here when we bought show tickets so we took advantage.  We both got a drink in their collector glass and loved it, it lights up and we went back again just to get another cup.  They have nice appetizers if you are looking for something light to eat and a place to rest your feet.  Our waitress was very nice and took great care of us, kept checking on us.  The prices are very reasonable.
2	Just a year ago this place was my favorite 1-2 beer place in between doing stuff in PH. We just went back while in town in December and it is no longer "The Stripper Bar" it is now called "The Showgirl Bar". The only sign that was changed over was a little advertisement in the entrance. I mean I can see why it happened, with all the kids walking by and there were girls on poles and what-not. I guess it was just a matter of time. However, the service went with the name.We stopped in and put our stuff on a table, and no one came over to take our order like they used to, you had to go to the service area and order. There were no girls dancing on poles like they used to, they even removed all the poles in the bar. We were there for about an hour and I had about 2 beers, and my wife had 2 mixed drinks. She did say the drinks were strong. We did happen to get a little souvenir shot glass that still had the "The Stripper Bar" logo on it, so at least we got something from the old days. I really used to like this place for a bar inside a mall in Vegas, but I just don't know if we will stop in again. We will see.
2	To say this place was small would be an understatement. I have to give props to the photographer and marketing company as it looks much larger on the web. A group of guy friends spent a few hours there on a Friday night, but with the exception of the waitresses and an old couple from Canada...we were IT!  The waitress kept saying it should get busy in a few minutes, but it never happened. The drinks were ok, but expensive ($15 for a well rum and coke), but you could keep the cheap souvenir cup.I would recommend getting your picture taken with the huge stripper staute to prove you were there, but head over to Blondie's to have a drink and better time.
4	The place is pretty small, but we just wanted a drink before the show we were going to see. Pretty cheap prices for Mall on Strip. The Jell-O shots were yummy and made within Vodka. The draft beer was bud light. Still a good price for this area.
