5	I'm a wing lover...just happened to see their sign and took their "best wings ever" sign as a challenge. They lived up to the hype. Delicious...and so was everything else I tried - the pastrami burger and coleslaw were on point! Would definitely return!
5	Whenever I'm "cruising" through Mesa, Cruisers is always my first stop.  The delicious food soothes my soul and makes it a nice house.  But the friendly staff and management are what make it a wonderful home.   As John "The Duke" Wayne himself once said in the movie The Barbarian and The Geisha: "Go for the wings and coleslaw -- stay for the friends and laughter."
5	Best place ever. I love the wings and great price for the quality. Definitely check out this place. The staff is awesome too with excellent service. I can't wait to visit this place again. This place is so on point, its definitely my monthly go to spot now. Why are you still reading this?! Head over to Cruisers now! =)
4	I'm always on the lookout for locally-owned or family-owned business to give my money to, and I'm really happy I came across Cruisers!  I really liked how unassuming and cheap it was. If you are looking for "atmosphere" then this is not your place, but if you are looking for GREAT food at a very reasonable price, then it doesn't get a whole lot better than this!I got a simple cheeseburger and a small order of fries and a drink and it ran about $7, but they had plenty of specials posted around the place with lower prices. They had a really random assortment on the menu, including wings, pasta, jalapeno poppers, mozzarella sticks, pastrami, and more! The food burger was cooked perfectly and juicy, this isn't McDonald's! The ingredients were all very fresh and it had a very good flavor. The french fries were good, some were overcooked, but I didn't care since the "small" order was damn near a pound of fries!I'll definitely be back soon, and often!
4	Wow oh wow, I read the reviews on here and thought, ok, I'm always in search of a good wing. This place more than satisfies. Would suggest going before sundown, the hood is well, a battlefield. There is a drivethru, a definite plus. Make sure and pick up a 16 oz becks at Valero across the street as well. Anywho, the wings were cheap, $6.50 a dozen with carrots and ranch. Boy they were great! Crispy to a fault and marvelous sauce! They could have been cooked maybe 30 seconds less but when in question, make them crispier! So they performed. We devoured these things for dinner and finished the rest for early lunch in toaster oven, DELISH! Will pick up a dozen whenever venturing to "that neck of the woods." Highly recommended!!
2	BOOOOOOOOO. Sure the prices were great, but ughh. Ordered Double Jalepeno Burger ($5.50).. Two very thick patties. Previously frozen. Grey. Springy. REALLY SALTY.  The Jalepenos were canned and bland. No cheesiness to the burger either.. the thousand island, and everything else was good. It wasn't a horrible burger, but, it begins the previously frozen theme of the meal. Also ordered 12 Hot Wings ($6.50) to split. HORRIBLE. Overcooked. The sauce was extremely sour.. white vinegar mixed with chili pepper maybe? Not all that hot, just pasty, unpleasant, and gross. Also ordered a box-of-fries ($6.00) to split. Generous portion, but there seemed to be 2lbs of salt. The fries were also obviously frozen, and were school cafeteria crinkle cut. I'm pretty sure I'm going to be known as "The Burger Bitch" on yelp, cuz i'm quite critical of burger joints, lol!
5	well, I thought it was great food but they are now OFFICIALLY CLOSED!  Where will my new favorite place be to go for a quick bite???  Well, so Long Cruisers, Rest in Peace.
