5	I recently visited the Brighton Collectibles store in the South Park Mall. For those of you not familiar with Brighton, they carry lots of gorgeous items from jewelry to purses and wallets, handbags and organizers, and fine gifts. I've been to a few different Brighton stores before, but this one in particular was a great experience in general for me. I have an item that I purchased a few years back from a Brighton store in New York, and now I have a group gift to give and was hoping to purchase a large quantity for everyone. I found out that the item had been recently discontinued, and they had none left at that location. I was taken care of by the associate named Lindsay, and I can't say enough about how helpful and friendly she was. She took my number and told me she'd search around and see which stores had some of the items left, and she'd get back to me and let me know. I left figuring I'd have to find a different gift to give, but within the hour she called me back and had located the amount that I needed and could have them shipped directly to me, from two other Brighton locations in the country! I had all of them at my doorstep withing a week and a half, and the packages even included hand-written cards from the associated in the stores thanking me for my purchase. Furthermore, I received a hand written card from Lindsay as well wishing me luck and thanking me for my purchase. It's rare to find a great store that carries beautiful items AND has such a helpful and caring staff. Definitely check them out!
4	Lovely place to get your charm bracelet!I got my best friend hooked, who then got two others hooked.Location - Place - girly, feminine, with lots of items that includes charm bracelets, dainty earrings (pretty but expensive!), handbags (alright), arm candy bracelets (cheaper than Kate Spade), business card holder, rings, and more..Service - attentive, I give them credit for being nice and all. But if you see me with my charm bracelet that shows I spent over $230 from Brighton, I should at least deserve a fabric pouch when requested (and I bought something!).Although I cannot be too biased, you get a 4.
