4	I had been having issues with my tires ever since a certain valley shop (*cough* discount tire on southern) put tires on, so I sent out an online quote request to a bunch of other valley shops for tires and an alignment. Jeremy from AZ Best responded in less than an hour, while I still haven't heard back from some of the other places 2 days later.  Perfect for people like me who cannot stand talking on the phone.I was in and out in under an hour even with the mechanic taking the time to pull out pictures and the parts book for what i needed and thoroughly explain what was going on with my car. They were really nice and I didn't feel like I was getting ripped off at all and really appreciate they took the time to break it all down for me.  I couldnt get everything i needed fixed right away but they were honest and even told me it wasnt life or death but told me what to watch and expect.  Unlike other shops, who try to scare you into shelling out big bucks on the spot.You most likely wont beat these guys in price or labor costs anywhere in central Arizona. They also have used tires for people like me on a tight budget, and they do alignments for under 80 bucks! Ive just come to expect getting screwed at auto repair places, but these guys were great. Highly recommend and will use again!
5	Fantastic customer service and competitive pricing. I will never use a big chain again! I was VERY pleased with my tires and would recommend them to friends and family.
5	I bought a used tire from them in December. In March, it blew out. They had no warranties on used tires and I knew this, but contacted them to explain my dilemma. They replaced it free of charge and even tried to help me fix the latch on my back hatch! The customer service is amazing, the guys are nice and knowledgeable, and I would recommend them to EVERYONE for new or used tires. I even baked them cookies I was so appreciative for their amazing business!
1	Don't use az best tires in mesa you will regret it !!!! I had purchased two used tires from them  in may 2013 and brought my vehicle back to them with the wheel shaking and they  replaced one of the tires which had a bubble on it but not the other one . Well 11 days later the other tire deshreaded on the 60frwy and ripped off my front fender and bumper and tore apart the bottom of the drivers side door . When i made them aware of it and went  to  them to pay for repairs due to what their product (tires ) did to my vehicle they refused . They are not honorable business people and will not take of you like a honorable business does  . They are not worth doing business with !!!!!!
5	Price for a used tire was exactly what they quoted over the phone. Fast, friendly, competent service. Convenient location. I'm done with discount tire. I wish I had found these guys earlier.
4	This is our second time coming here.  The guys are very friendly and always helping each other out. Very reasonable costs out the door.  I would recommend this tire shop to anyone in a hurry or just needing some basic tire stuff done.  Just off the 60 they are so easy to get to making the convenience and stress of it all worth it!!
5	Evan not only knew his stuff but also offered best customer service. I recommend him highly.
