4	For whatever reason, I don't actually get to Carrabba's often.  I think that it is because we had a really bad experience at the Olive Garden once, and Carrabba's is just guilty by association.In any case, we stopped in for a celebration of some sort (birthday I think) and had a decent time overall.  The staff was very friendly, service was fast and the food was solid.While there is still a part of me that associates most Italian chain restaurants with Olive Garden, Carrabba's does a good job in this regard - they treat you well and make for a decent night out.It's not unique, but it's definitely not Olive Garden either.
5	I just returned from a fabulous dinner at Carrabba's!I had had a frustrating experience another night, where we arrived thinking we had a "reservation".*  I used the email form on their site, and described the situation.  A few days later, I got a call from the manager, who sounded genuinely concerned that a customer was upset, and invited me back for another visit.  As I mentioned to him, I believe that you can tell more about how a business handles a misstep than you could if you just had a good experience in the first place.  I can't imagine a better second impression than the one I had tonight, unless it included a new pair of fuzzy jammies and tuck-in service!When we arrived, we were seated quickly tonight, and had excellent service throughout the evening.  Our drinks were rarely empty for a moment, and I observed the same manager stopping at tables throughout the evening (including ours) to make sure the patrons were enjoying their food and their evening.  This wasn't the abrupt "everything ok?" followed by a disappearing act  usually displayed by restaurant managers, but I saw him spending time and actually adding to the dining experience.  Impressive!I'll give a short description of each menu item I tasted (yes, I'm one of THOSE that has to try something from everyone that ordered something that looks good to me, AND isn't actively threatening to stab me with their fork), although NONE rated below yummy.Bread-Crusty outside, soft inside, served with a fruity olive oil with herbs.  Mozzarella Marinara-Great!  Garlicky, Crunchy, and the sauce was chunky and very fresh-tasting.  NOT your standard dipping marinara (in a good way).Caesar salad-Really enjoyed it.  Dressing was well-balanced, and I appreciated the salt and pepper grinders on the table, so I didn't end up with "Salad Au Poivre" as sometimes happens when the server has the piano leg-sized pepper grinder.Seafood Chowder-My husband ordered this. Flavorful, not overly fishy-tasting.  I expected something creamier, and more like a clam chowder, but this was fairly pureed, and darker.Seafood canneloni-This was a special, so may not always be available.  Chunks of lobster, shrimp, and scallop in a tomato cream sauce.  This was pretty good, although probably my least favorite of the night.Spiedino Di Mare-Breaded scallops and shrimp in lemon butter sauce.  WH!  I am not usually a fan of scallops, because I have had them masquerade as either "salty hockey puck" or "fish jello".  This, however, was tender and tasty.Chicken Bryan-Chicken breast topped with goat cheese and sun-dried tomatoes, in a lemon butter sauce.  WHO invented this?  I need to send them a gift basket or name a child after them or something.  This was SO good!  I guess you can get a filet prepared this way as well.Filet-WOW!  I never would have guessed that I would find such a flavorful, tender, succulent steak in a place like this!  The manager said it was a well-kept secret, and I agree.  Did I mention succulent?  I may or may not need a bib to catch the drool while I write this.Garlicky mashed potatoes-Perfect.  Not overly garlicky, chunky enough to prove they are real potatoes, and not too salty.Sogno Di Cioccolata-MUCH better than the chokingly dense brownie/coagulated chocolate goo that you typically find.  This had various layers of chocolate brownie, mousse, cream, sauce, and had a nice balance between sweet and a little bitter.Limoncello Bread Pudding-I am NOT typically a fan of bread pudding.  I have found it to be soggy, tasting mostly of alcohol, and generally order anything BUT this.  I'm so glad I gave this the chance, though!  It was the slightest bit caramelized, which gave it a great texture.  I loved the hint of lemon, and the vanilla bean ice cream served on top.I know that this is a chain, but if the food and service are this good on future occasions, this restaurant will definitely remain a favorite.  Thanks, Mike!*For future reference, their call ahead seating is NOT the same as a reservation, and merely shortens your wait time upon reaching the restaurant.  If there is one downside to this place, it is that it (and its parking lot) needs to be about 1/3 larger, to accommodate the number of people who want to dine here.  The tables are closer than I'd prefer, and there is not enough space to really wait comfortably.  Once you survive that gauntlet though, you're in for a good meal.
4	Can't go wrong with Carrabba's!  Wait staff was quick and efficient. Enjoyed the food very much and will definitely be going back.
4	This place had wonderfully prepared fish that melted in your mouth!  The portions are fairly large so I had a difficult time finishing my meal.  The wine selection was fairly nice as well.  The servers were spectacular , bursting with personality.It is a little louder than some places, but as long as a little noise doesn't bother you, you're sure to have a wonderful time with a delicious meal to boot!I'll definitely go again!Yvette L. Brownstone from Ventura, CA
4	Popular place among locals. Chain restaurant, but I like it better than the olive garden
4	Very consistent.  This location always does well with Service.
5	I love Carrabba's, I go with my friends and/or family dine in and curbside carryout 4-5 times a month at least.Carrabba's is pretty consistent.  The wait staff treat you fairly well overall, some are better than others.  I like for my water to be filled, my bread and plates be available before I ask for them, and no assumptions that I do or don't want appetizers or dessert.  So when you get it waited on by someone who understands that you are in for a treat!My latest visit to Carrabba's was last night.We started with the Calamari and the mussels.  The mussels are always divine.  The Calamari is hit or miss, sometimes cooked perfectly, other times too greasy and over fried like last night, but Carrabba's has the best marinara and Ricardo sauce around.I ordered a quartino of the house Cabernet Sauvignon and it is quite good as well.  My sister ordered a quartino of the Sangiovese which she enjoyed thoroughly.My kids were with me this visit, and they love the fact they can get a soft drink with their meals.  One ordered pepperoni pizza and the other spaghetti and meatballs.  Carrabba's is very kid friendly, on the rare occasion you may get waited on by someone who will offer you pizza dough for the kids and I am sure if you ask for it they will bring some.For my entree I ordered sirloin marsala.  The sirloin marsala is succulent, I love how the mushrooms and prosciutto marry together in the marsala sauce.  I dip my sirloin dripping with marsala into my garlic mashed potatoes and as I taste it, my mouth is simply delighted.  The marsala whether it be on pork chops, a filet or the sirloin, is by far my favorite dish at Carrabba's.  The sauce is always on point and depending on who grills the meat that day, you will definitely get a good portion if you order the regular and just hope for the meat to be fixed properly.  Tip:  Always order the regular portion of the pork chops marsala.  The small portion is just two dollars cheaper for one pork chop versus the two pork chops you get with the regular.  And we aren't talking flimsy pork chops.  We are talking big, fat, thick juicy pork chops.  So go for the regular.My sister ordered the chicken bryan.  It was delicious.  It's covered in goat cheese and sundried tomatoes and other spices.  Our last visit a week before, I ordered the filet spiedino.  It was a filet covered in scallops for me because I prefer scallops to shrimp.  The scallops were breaded.  It was a very tasty dish but I just wish the breadcrumbs on my scallops weren't soggy from the butter sauce they put on the spiedino.  My sister ordered the special, crabstuffed shrimp with sirloin.  She loved it.On both occasions for dessert we ordered the apple crostada.  This dessert is simply delicious.  They bring it out to you in a miniature cast iron skillet fresh out of the oven with a scoop of vanilla ice cream on top.  The combination of ice cream, caramelized apples and the crostada was heavenly.I highly recommend Carrabba's.  It's a chain but a good one.  I like the location in Concord better than any of the other locations in the Charlotte area.
3	It's almost embarrassing to review a chain restaurant but as far as chains go, this is one of my favorites. The pasta is decent although I don't think it is fresh. Their angel hair is the thickness of spaghetti and their bread is wonderful. They don't bring you balsamic vinegar unless you ask for it. The service is always good. Service quality is up their with more expensive restaurants in town and they are always well versed on the menu. My favorite dishes are the Tag Picpac and the Chicken Parm. and the soups are great as well. One of the high points of Carrabbas is their portions are very large and always fill me up.
2	We came here due to the declining service of our local Olive Garden.  The food here was absolutely delicious.  The fried calamari was well seasoned and the manicotti was to die for.That being said, the service was well under par.  The waitress was nice enough but came to the table few and far between.  When she brought us wine, she gave us two glasses and said the other was dirty.  Perhaps that should have been checked before being brought out?  I would give her a pass based on that because honestly, better to tell me before you give it to me than to wait until after I see it.  After bringing us the proper glasses and the bottle she filled all of our glasses before offering anyone to try it.  My Fiance's mother (whom was footing the bill) absolutely detested it.  There was no offer to make it better or perhaps try another wine because she has already poured half the bottle out to us.  Perhaps they normally do not let you sample before you buy wine at Carrabbas, I don't know, but I will say that every other place I've ever had wine allows you to sample before purchase.  There was no attempt to fix the situation except, "you may purchase more wine if you don't like that one."  So she purchased a separate glass and a half.  Then, after our meal, our waitress was nowhere to be found for the next 30 minutes.  We politely asked another waitress to find her and she did.  We left with fully happy stomaches but sad empty wallets from the extra purchased wine.  Hopefully that isn't the usual service.  I would give it a second try based on this great food.
4	So this was my second go-round at Carrabba's by Concord Mills.  I must say that the service was much better than the first time.  Here's to hoping that last time was an isolated incident and won't be a problem in the future.  Once again, they did a top notch job cooking the food.  If I can get over how they look, muscles may be a new favorite!
4	Yes, it's a chain restaurant, but that isn't necessarily a bad thing.  I personally chose this location because I had arrived in Concord late in the day and knew Carrabba's was nearby and offered a gluten free menu.  Knowing that they always have things safe for me to eat is one of the reasons I choose them when traveling.When I asked for a gluten free menu, the waitress even asked me more about what a gluten free diet is like and why it's sometimes necessary.  I thought it was great that she took the time to ask.  I would up trying the sangria on special (a little sweet, but still good) and chicken Brian.  Everything was cooked perfectly and arrived quickly.  I'd definitely return if in the area.
2	Went to Carrabba's for lunch on a Saturday abound 12:30.  Dining room was wide open and we were immediately seated.  Waitress was promptly at the table.  My wife asked her what she liked.  The answer was painfully long (at least to me) and most of her favorites were the more expensive items.  Her favorite on the special menu was definitely the most expensive at $23.50.After leaving us to decide, she came back a couple of minutes later and we asked for just a minute more.  It took he about 10 minutes to return to get our order.My wife asked for the special soup (tomato basis) and the waitress came back to tell us they were out of the special.  At 12:30.  In a mostly empty dining room.  One wonders just how much of the special they made.I am used to places having a lunch menu as well as a dinner menu.  Not the case here.  I thought that $14.00 for a pretty pedestrian lasagna was over priced.  My wife had the Italian Cobb Salad which she liked and my son (aged 18) had the spaghetti which he also liked though the sauce on the meatballs was not what he was expecting.All in all distinctly average with slow service.
3	I can't tell you how many times we've eaten here; it's countless!  This is our go to dinner from dropping our kids back at their mom's house (useless info I know but it makes the childless ride home better)!I've always been a fan of Carrabba's despite them being a chain; you can tell they use quality ingredients and sometimes that enough.  My husband and I sit at the bar; no wait and in my opinion more personal service.  Two bartenders in particular stick out and they've always made our visit worthwhile when it could have been lackluster.My advice:  don't come here too eat pasta.  Get the chicken, steak or seafood dishes.  Every time I've tried the pasta main dishes I've been disappointed.  I've never had a bad steak here.  I don't like that they stopped serving sauteed spinach with the main dishes upon request.  Now it's only if it's the veggie of the day and I'm sorry but I don't want the sticking beans!The mussels have been great as well but last time we were in (couple of weeks ago) they were undercooked. :-(Bread and dipping oil with herbs makes this carb-loving freak happy!
5	Excellent food. Good service. We love the Chicken Bryan. Usually a wait. Prices keep going up, but that's maybe more of a political issue....
4	I've always been a fan of the Carrabba's since watching them (Johnny & Uncle Damian) on their PBS cooking show so when we finally got one in Concord...I've been hooked since then.I've honestly never had a bad experience, meal or dessert at Carrabba's. If you like flavorful food at a pretty reasonable price, try Carrabba's. I love their Chicken Bryon that is topped with goat cheese and sun dried tomatoes and the lemon butter sauce is spot on.
4	I highly encourage everyone to give Carrabba's a try!  Yes, it is a chain and you can find one in every major city, but if it's good food what does it matter?!?!  This isn't your local Olive Garden by any means.  I'm a big fan of the Chicken Bryan!  I've always had great service at this location and the seasonal specials add a pretty good mix to the menu.  I recently tried a seasonal cedar plank salmon that made me wanna order a second round!  I do not recommend the curb side to go ordering here.  They seem to be in a bit of a hurry and on more than one occasion I've gotten my go to Bryan to go on my lunch break only to tear into undercooked chicken.  No bueno.  Eat in or move on.
1	Came here for dinner Wednesday night. Started off with bread and salad. The bread was warm and delicious, but the dipping oil was sour and horrible. The lettuce in both of our salads was old and tasted like fish. The tomatoes were also old and mushy. Both the balsamic and creamy parmesan dressings were disgusting. There were not many meatless options on the menu, so I was stuck with the fried ravioli in marinara sauce, which I was not really in the mood for, but ended up being not too bad. My first impression was that the marinara tasted like jarred sauce, but it wasn't inedible. The side of garlic mashed potatoes was extremely bland and dry. My date enjoyed his seafood linguine in vodka sauce. We each got a glass of the red sangria, which really just tasted like a sweet red wine with a slice of orange and lime thrown in. We ended with mini cannolis, which were okay. Overall not a very good dining experience, and I would never come back.
4	This is the second time my wife and I dined at Carrabus Italian Grill.  Both experiences are worth noting, but Saturday night was extremely satisfying.Never in a huge hurry, we find ourselves in the bar to wait for a table. The polite young lady hostesses told us it would be 30 to 40 minutes.  We do not mind waiting as this does prove that more than most like the establishment and therefore worth the wait. Both visits found us at a very romantic booth well within 20 minutes, barely enough time to finish our drinks. Better under than over the time limit!For both occasions we found the food to be well above average for a "Chain" restaurant.  We both had Filet Mignon and fettuccini alfredo with a salad to start.  Salads were wonderful. The Steaks were perfect. The fettuccini was a little over cooked for me, but the wife loves it this way.  The service was impeccable. A very savvy gentleman with a well-rounded knowledge of the menu and food in general served us, kept the water flowing (a must!) and displayed the perfect kind of humor necessary to carry the evening. Under-rated but not to be ignored was the Sogno Di Cioccolata! What a decadent end to a great meal!One suggestion would be to cook a medium rare steak a wee bit more. Just a thought from my wife.Mine was perfectly rare!!We will be back.
4	Great tasting fresh food, awesome service, always a reliable on the road choice for quality service and value!
