4	Yes! I'm first! lol That's important to me, you know.Just wanted to give my recommendation for Gracie at Naturaltress....she's awesome! The salon opened almost a year ago. Gracie is really knowledgeable about natural hair (she's been loced for 11 years, I think she said). I went to get to get my big chop today, and I was the only one in the salon. The salon itself is designed nicely--it's a nice open space and the stations are sectioned off, so you won't have a room full of people glaring at you while you're getting your hair done. Personal preference, but I always hated that ...lolThe salon provides services for loose hair, locs, and weaves, too, so it really is a one-stop place to go to. I live in the DC area, so I hate that there isn't somewhere like this back home. We have some great ones, but they're so hyped up it's hard to get in, there are a zillion rules, or they're overpriced. As far as my service was concerned, she chopped, washed/conditioned, and flat twisted me in about an hour. $30 for my chop, and an additional $40 for the twists, since I added it on at the last minute.If you're looking for somewhere to go, I recommend you try her!
4	Yet another top natural salon in the qc. I love it when you don't have to tell stylist the basics.  Thorough shampooing and conditioning without having to ask, professional products catered to natural hair, professional environment and very knowledgeable about healthy hair.........can't really ask for more in a salon.  I was very impressed and pleased with my hair which pretty much guarantees a return visit.  The stylist also uses an on-line appointment system through vagaro.com, which is a huge plus for me also.
1	OMG, I am so very pissed right now. I just got my the thermal smoothing system done by Gracie and the weather is nice out, no rain and all I did was come home and take a shower and my hair is a hot mess. I had my hair wrapped and I got out to comb it down for my husband for Valentines day and it looks like a flat hot mess. My hair smells like a hot comb and grease. It wouldn't be so bad if it was a flat iron for 35-60 bucks. However, I paid this female $150.00 plus a tip. "Are you serious?!" I try to keep money with my people but its situations like this that make me want to leave everyone alone. Never again.
4	I visited Charlotte for the first time last weekend and wanted to finally do the BC after transitioning for 7 months. I was greeted as soon as I entered the shop, I filled out a form with some of my information and sat in the waiting area. The shop is very clean, each room was painted in beautiful colors, very airy and excellent background music added to the ambience. I didn't like having to wait for an hour to get my hair done. I was told that the shop was supposed to be closed that day due to it being a holiday week (4th of July) so I attributed the wait to that reason.Gracie styled my hair. She listened to my concerns about the BC and gave me advice on haircolor. She did an excellent job on cutting my hair. No razors were used for my BC just scissors and the shape she created with the cut was excellent. Gracie was patient with applying the color and made sure the color completely saturated my hair. I got a reddish/auburn toned demi-permanent. Doing the BC at Naturaltress Salon was the best decision for me. A BC can be a very frightening experience. Once I received my BC with Gracie I felt confident I could style my hair and embrace my natural hair journey.
1	I was very disappointed with the service my daughter received. First the beautician who was scheduled to do my daughter hair was 38 min late. Our appointment was 9am on a Saturday, once she arrived she never apologized for being late. Second I showed a pic of the double twist I wanted for my daughter from their very own website and my daughter came back with a style that I hated. Nothing what I asked for. The only reason why I didn't tell her how much I hated the style she just did was my child was there and didn't want to make a scene. Never will I come back here!!!!!!!I was very disappointed with the service my daughter received. First the beautician who was scheduled to do my daughter hair was 38 min late. Our appointment was 9am on a Saturday, once she arrived she never apologized for being late. Second I showed a pic of the double twist I wanted for my daughter from their very own website and my daughter came back with a style that I hated. Nothing what I asked for. The only reason why I didn't tell her how much I hated the style she just did was my child was there and didn't want to make a scene. Never will I come back here!!!!!!!
5	I went to Gracie to get my hair done in September. First, I think it's great that she only books one client at a time. I was post-call and exhausted. She gave me a twist up do with some two-strand twists in the back. She is so gentle with the hair that I slept restfully the entire time. When I got to work the next day, EVERYONE, and I mean everyone, male, female, Black, White, young and old complimented me on how good my hair looked. The twists lasted for three weeks and I only took them out to get another style for a wedding. I probably could have stretched the style for 4-5 weeks. Not bad for $65+ tip. Just the other day, my program director came up to me to tell me how much she loved that hairstyle. I will definitely be going back to Gracie and highly recommend her to all the naturals in Charlotte.
2	I had a terrible experience after several chances I gave UP. Try Tracy Riggs Salon on Woodlawn. I'm from Chicago and I can't take unprofessionalism. My daughter had several appointments the first one we were called 30 minutes before to tell us that she had to cancel for a family emergency. Understandable, even though we don't live remotely close to the salon and were on the road, second appointment we were there 5 minutes early and the stylist was 45minutes late but did a good job so we returned, third time she was 15 minutes late still a good job. The LAST and FINAL visit, my husband took my daughter because I had business that ran over and him being a man didn't know how to go in and make the demands however the stylist does my daughter hair all the time so there is no reason she wouldn't know what to do. She cut my daughter bang WELL over her eyebrows and my daughter hair was nappy as can be the next morning (what type of fake blow-out did she do). I vowed to NEVER EVER step foot in that salon again or refer anyone else to do so..
1	I'd love to write a review on the service but I didn't receive any. I'm here in the parking lot writing this review as I'm extremely annoyed. I showed up 5 min early for my appt. I get to a locked door. Ring the bell 3 times. I knocked a couple times. Been here for 5 after my scheduled appt. Someone has to be here. There are two cars in the parking lot. When I drove in, I asked a lady coming out if it was fine to park where I was as I was a bit confused. She said yes and left. Customer or stylist... Who knows.I'm only here for a consultation but if the unpreparedness is any indication of the service I would have received... I'll pass.
