3	It's a Subway.  Friendly enough staff, clean bathroom, conveniently located next to Gold Bar.  The daily special six inch sub is pretty affordable.
4	Pretty good people in this subway!! Only problem bout eating at subway is how nasty your clothes smell after, wonder why? Need I saw more bout subway food though ?
2	The reason I'm giving this two stars was because my problem was resolved.  Food wasn't bad, staff was alright and not completely to blame...  but the reason I'm writing a review at all is because of a situation that, in my mind, really should not have happened.  (Edit: For clarity, I ordered this online for delivery.  Why?  Because how often do you come across a Subway that delivers?)Let's first take a moment to discuss a BLT.  Pretty simple sandwich, right?  BLT: Bacon Lettuce Tomato; a sandwich so bold, so forthright that it needs no further explanation.  Adding things to it is on you, of course, so when I ordered Subway's BLT I kept that in mind, assuming there would be no issues with such a simple base.What I end up with is my order... sans the lettuce and tomato.  I couldn't make this up: A BLT without lettuce and tomato.  Normally, I'm the type of person who kind of shrugs off minor mistakes (mostly because I'm too hungry and the food is still consumable), but 1/3 of my sandwich is completely missing; I was too hungry NOT to do anything about it.  A phone call to the store has me talking with the manager, telling me about the standard subway policies.  Basically, the only standard on the sandwich is the meat, and everything is up to you.  So... there really is not point in even telling them the name of the sandwich you want and adding to that--you have to name what's in it and what you want added to that.  I fail to see the logic in having pre-constructed sandwiches at all.So unless you're in the restaurant guiding them step-by-step on how to make your sandwich, you'll pretty much have to tell them, "Yes, I want bacon AND lettuce AND tomato in my BLT." (For future ref: if you really want bacon in your BLT, you're going to have to order double meat, or you'll just end up with the essence of bacon.  Those little slivers of bacon really don't cut it.)I'd go into things about using common sense even if Subway's policies say otherwise... but then I'd be breaking Yelp's review guidelines. (;  I'm also not going to talk about the sub shop within walking distance that stays open until 3am and seems to have it together (as far as BLTs go.)
1	Haha, just stood there behind another guy for ten minutes with No type of worker presence, he ate a bag of chips and we mobbed it to silver mine..if you can't be open 24hrs you should at least lock your doors..lol
