4	This place looks like a whole lot of nothing from the outside.  You might be expecting a Filberto's level experience.  Instead, I got a little bit of a wow.  (Note: wow was not capitalized or followed by exclamation point. This is the wow of, "wow, this place isn't too bad".  Not the wow of "WOW! I get the whole lobster dinner for $1!")You're going to have your basic tacos and burritos for sure, but this place also had seafood.  I already have a mini-list of stuff to try for next time.  Oysters(6 for 6.99), ceviche tostadas(2.79), 7 Mares soup (7 kinds of fish/seafood) (10.99), Empanizados (10.99) and even a whole fish (11.99).  Someone got this massive plate of shrimp and beef fajitas that looked at least 2 times bigger than anything I'd seen come out of a standard sit down restaurant - and it smelled awesome.  They even do breakfast - with Huevos Rancheros w/ Rice and Beans coming in at a cool $3.99.    They tell you on the menu that food is prepared fresh every day, and one bite of a tortilla will tell you that for sure.  WOW.  (Yes, it's that kind of wow good.) This is so good you KNOW it's bad for you.  And by the way, they have 18 different kind of burritos, none of them over $4.29 - including Chile Relleno, Al Pastor, Lengua and Fish - and any of them can be done "Wet" or Chimi style.  As for a setting, walk up counter - where you also pick up your food.  Cloth covered tables (covered in glass for easy cleaning) on saltillo tile with carved and brightly painted wooden chairs.  They have a juke box and a mini salsa bar that includes lemons, jalapenos and de-skinned cucumber slices.My last 2 thoughts on the place?  Mexican coke in the bottle.  Full bar.  Wow.
4	Slightly above average mexican food. One thing that keeps me coming back is they have excellent hot sauce. Service is always good. Very friendly staff. They do make great nachos maybe I should add a star!?!?
4	Natural margaritas... bingoooooooooooo. They make them from fresh limes instead of the standard pre-mixed margarita mix. They're not bitter or anything like that, in fact they're extremely refreshing.We've lived nearby for a couple of months but haven't tried this place until now. The outside looks a little intimidating if you don't think you're very good at speaking Spanish, but I couldn't have been more wrong. Great staff and the salsa was amazing. They actually brought out whole jalepenos when we asked to spice up the salsa... I'm a customer for life now.
4	Fancy it ain't, but good it is!  One of my favorite lunch spots even though it is a few miles from the office.  Located in a cheap looking strip mall, you may not think to give it a try but you should.  Prices  are low and food is simple but well prepared.  Their specials are a good way to get  a lot of food at good prices!Inside decor is not much - except for the brightly painted chairs (go figure the nicest part of the store is the chairs).If you are in the area give it a try!
5	"I am sorry it took so long, I squeeze the limes with my bare hands".....that is what you will hear when you order a margarita at El Mas Sabroso.
1	Unfortunately my rancor at this visit prevents me from trying to put any humor into this review.  In short, my $2.75 ceviche tostada was overwhelmingly saturated with limes and ridiculously soggy.  When asked about their best soup, I was told to get their Caldo De Rez, which was a $7 admittedly large bowl filled cabbage, carrots, and literally 4 pieces of tough, thumbnail sized beef.  I tried to give the evil eye to the server as I left but he couldn't summon the courage and kept staring at his popcorn machine turned into chip dispenser.  Look me in the eye when you lie to me, damn you.  Ugh.  Hatred.  Fury, rage.
2	Liked the free chips.This place is packed at lunch time with business men.As a vegetarian there is little to eat as the refried beans are made with lard.The veggie burrito then has spanish rice, lettuce, some salsa fresca, a bit of sour cream and a bit of cheese.  Blah.  The tortillas was DELICIOUS though!
4	Love love this place!  My husband and I go here on fairly regular basis when we have a hankering for Mexican food.  We take out of towners here when they are looking for an authentic Mexican food experience.FoodThe food is excellent, always served hot and very tasty. We love the Tacos Durados (fried tacos), the Beef Soup and the Shrimp, Chicken, Beef BBQ bowl served with fresh avocados and cactus. The margaritas are DEE-Li-Cious! AmbianceIf you go for an early dinner its usually never too full, the later in the evening the busier it gets.  Make no mistake this place gets LOUD - even when there aren't very many customers in the place, the music is loud - so don't go here if you want to have an intimate conversation with someone.The staff are very friendly - helps if you know a little Spanish.
3	Sadly, El Mas Sabroso is permanently closed. There is a new Mexican joint there now. They are good and the pricing is about the same. They did clean it up a bit and redecorate/remodel. Kinda like Filiberto's, but nicer and more modern inside. I think they were going for the Chipotle's look. Like Filiberto's, the burritos come with pure meat. Wanna add rice or beans? It'll cost ya! Wait... they have to remove meat to fit the rice/beans. Rice and beans are cheaper than meat! Why on earth would anyone charge more money when they are saving money??!?  Senseless.
