2	This outlet always seems like a tornado has destroyed the inside of this store. It is never organized and you can never find a sales person to help find a size because they are always tending to the 50 people register line. I don't even bother with this store when I visit the Vegas outlets.I'll keep shopping at the Banana Republic outlet at State Line.
2	I'm a bit of a conspiracy theorist when it comes to the Banana Republic outlet (or at least this one!). I'm convinced these clothes were never actually in a real Banana store and were manufactured exclusively for outlet sale. Why should this matter? Basically you are buying cheap knock offs. I have a lot of items from Banana Republic (the normal store) that I love and would buy duplicates of in a heart beat. I see them in the outlet store and the quality is so bad it's insane. The materials are different and the cut is different. It's weird because the styles are the same as the normal store, but you really aren't buying a Banana item. You're buying it's sad outlet cousin. I'm not an elitist about clothes and I certainly am no label whore, but with the prices they charge you shouldnt' be getting Old Navy quality clothes! Many items are only $10 less than the retail store item, but 50% of the quality. UGH. I keep trying to shop in this store and the crappy quality of the items gets me everytime...
2	Too busy, too crowded, not enough staff, the racks are over filled so the hangers and clothing are entangled.  At an outlet discount still not worth the price in my opinion.  I'd rather go to their sister company Old Navy at a low regular retail price and shop in open leisure pace than deal with their "deals".
1	Terrible. This place, even for an outlet or company store, is a disgrace to the Banana Republic name. For starters, it's an effing mess. Clothes everywhere, broken hangers and miscellaneous crap on the floor. Boxes piled places otherwise known as doorways. Employees always appear busy. I say appear busy because they were always rushing around, but not actually helping anyone. In 20 minutes, I was physically bumped into by 4 different employees who were too busy to help me, anyone else, or even say excuse me. The line was a million miles long, the fitting rooms were a train wreck (ketchup on the walls, spilled drinks on the chairs, etc) and when this was pointed out to the fitting room attendant, they said they'd take care of it, but sent the next customer right into that room without a second glance.
2	I continue to be disappointed with the quality of the merchandise at BR Outlet. You can occasionally find some items here that work but that seems to be the exception not the rule.I wasn't too impressed with the inside of the store either. The dressing room area is too small and there can often times be a long wait. There were also a limited amount of sales associates on the floor to help with sizes. Come on BR....show us some improved style here.
1	In a quest to replenish my black slack stash, I ended up at this outlet. Yes, they had the pants I wanted at the regular BR store but no, I was not going to pay $98 for it. Turns out, this outlet had nothing that the store had. I know...seasons pass and outlets are suppose to have "out of style" items. But, even the material of the clothing I fingered here was suspect. I'd rather pay $98 for something of quality than $50  (not exactly cheap btw) for absolute rubbish. I know that lots of outlets (Coach, Kate Spade etc) create a separate line that's sold solely at their outlets. I'm assuming BR does that too. Which is fine, except that the selection and quality of items here at this store is pure garbage. When the stitching of a BR garment is shoddy and the material used seems uncomfortable, sirens ring in my head. Banana Republic is my go-to store for my work shopping needs and this outlet is really sullying their dependability.Close the store down or start having some kind of quality control here. Appalling.
3	At least once a month this summer, my brother and I make it out to the Premium Outlets - North. For what reason? Before the Las Vegas Outlets - South had it, BR was one of the main justifications for our northbound journey. Now, walking into Banana Republic is like a hot mess, a trainwreck at best. Hectic, poorly recovered, yet what makes it so endearing? Those sales - they're better signed than its southern counterpart. Also, it seems like they have sales that the South outlet store just either doesn't have or doesn't advertise.I'll brave the crowds and the digging when it comes to fashion. BR holds witness to this...multiple times.
2	I don't know why I keep coming back to Banana Republic here but I do. This time, I walked in and pretty much walked out. The place was a mess and the items that I did pick up, were all "slim fit". I poked around for the "regular fit" stuff but ended up walking out after one pass through the place. Note: that's for this particular location. I do love Banana Republic, just not this one.
4	This Banana Republic had a lot of selection and great prices.  The people working there were very friendly as they diligently kept the place clean and organized.  I'll be back.
3	Being that this location is a factory store(outlet) it has the look of a warehouse. A lot of the clothing  they have are either damaged, defective or have slight imperfection, such as a stain or small tear. I would rather go to the Town Square location. The atmosphere is classier is the retail stores. Beware: If you find an item of the current season, it is most likely damaged, or imperfect in some way.
5	Wow, it is an outlet store, people. If you want to pay twice to three times as much and get pampered and have more wait staff than customers, then go to a retail store...not their outlet. I found the staff to be extremely helpful and patient and the prices to be fantastic.
3	It's not often that we can come here and find a good deal.  A few weekends ago, we found some fabulous deals.  Everything in the store was 50% off, and there were great bargains to be found in the clearance section.The store was filled with people on the Saturday we were there, and the place was a bit messy and cluttered.  There were also plenty of people waiting for a fitting room.  Other than that, everything was just fine.
5	I love how its the one of the best stores at this outlet mall and have clothes that seem to be better than most. Not to mention awesome sales throughout the year. Quality is not lacking even though its cheaper and I find that it has better selection than the actual BR stores.
3	5 stars for Adrian! Never went in this store despite countless visits to this outlet mall. Dad has not purchased jeans in ___ years. Adrian was helping us, super patient and  friendly. Went to the back room ___ times! getting us different sizes, different styles, I told him I'm gonna yelp him lol. Such a pity that the cashier su*ks. Didn't get the price right, didn't know how to use coupon, and didn't take off THEFT SENSORS!!! Not sure if I should be saying this, and I'm in no way encouraging anyone to try, but we shopped many stores afterwards, and no alarm went off.....  So after I got home, I called the unhelpful, uncaring attitude sales at South Coast Plaza, was told they have different sensors, and they won't let me return the pants because I have to return them to a factory outlet store. Like h*ll I'm gonna drive 300 miles to get sensors taken off. I hope management will read this. Give Adrian a raise, train your cashiers to be at least minimally competent.
5	Customer service here is top notch. They carry a lot of styles, although I do think that they are slightly smaller than their sister store in the South Outlet. They constantly have sales so don't think that you have to buy something immediately before some random sale ends. Usually the best time to buy something is at the end of the season so watch out for those, that is when they have the massive sales.
