4	Seriously, does this place even need an introduction? Baskin-Robbins has been in business for decades, and has opened a number of locations across the Vegas Valley over the years. Being the closest one to the house, I've been going here for years. This place used to brag about having 31 flavors, but they have far more than that now - including a variety of low/reduced fat flavors. They also now have soft serve items, shakes, and cakes. As far as all the flavors go, there is something for everyone here. The staff are always friendly and helpful. I have been in here enough times now that some of the girls who wait on us have memorized what I typically order. That's always good. Like a lot of ice cream places, this one is a bit on the pricey side. However, on Wednesday nights (5pm-10pm), they do a "buy 1 sundae get one free" promotion. Go then if you want to get more bang for your buck (I don't know if this promotion applies to other locations, however.) The only real complaint I have is the location. This isn't exactly the nicest part of "Old Henderson", and I have heard stories about the place being the victim of armed robberies before. I'm surprised they have kept the store here and not moved to a more popular or "safe" location. Still, there's little to fault here. Baskin-Robbins has been serving the country for decades, and their ice cream is still top notch.
4	Now that summer is here, I find myself craving ice cream more and more. Thankfully there is a Baskin Robbins not too far from home!The building Baskin Robbins is in is rather small, and it seems like most customers come in groups. That is the only real downside to this location in my opinion. Service is good. Even when a little league team shows up, the people working manage to get people in and out fairly quickly. Wednesday nights are buy one sundae, get one free nights. Not sure if this is a temporary deal or not.
4	It's a small store, but they're fast, and the ice cream..well if they don't have Quarterback Crunch it's time to get out the sample spoons and find the next indulgence. Pralines & Cream is a great second choice....Can't go wrong stopping here. Ever. This is one of the easiest 4 Star reviews there is. Oh yeah, at the time I write this the front awning is tore up. They are waiting on their insurance carrier to fix it. The hot desert winds tried to take out an oasis of coolness and failed.
3	This is an okay location, as the other reviews note, it's small.  Maybe a half dozen tables.  Also, and I find this annoying in a place that serves food, there is no public restroom.  I know that ice cream places are not places you typically stay for a long time, but kids love ice cream.  And, you sometimes need to take a kid to the bathroom when you are out in public, even if it's just to wash his/her hands.  So, to not have a public restroom is a little annoying, but like I said, you probably won't stay there long.  There are lots of flavors and the usual ice cream cakes.  The times we've been the employees are very friendly.
