5	Food City? Are you kidding?Yelpers, it's been a while since I've felt like had to edumacte you on something, but instead of driving by, stop and look. Certain Food cities, such as the on listed here, have Tortillareias (dining areas). Food City has the best store bought chips in town at any location, but the tortillerias will blow you away. Excellent, affordable Mexican dishes are available cafetieria style, the beans are kick butt, The Salsas in the store are completely fresh an tasty, Give it a try! BTW, It's a good place to practice your Spanish.
5	Hey guys!  As many of you know my palate runs from the somewhat eclectic to the totally bizarre and all points in between. Whether it is crawfish, frog legs, or snails I never hesitate to "give it a try". Andrew Zimmer watch out! That is why I am giving Food City of Chandler my top pick for one of my favorite breakfast foods in the whole world.  "What might that be?" you ask. MENUDO! Hot, spicy, brothy, flavorful, salty, and yummy morning menudo. I'm a Scotch/Irish American and I believe my love for menudo comes from my ancestor's love for the traditional Scottish fare known as haggis. Sheep's stomach is not much different than cow stomach and tripe is the main ingredient in menudo. As a result I've been a menudo lover for several years since trying it for the first time in 2004 and guys this is the best menudo that I have found ANYWHERE in the world. I've had it in Cancun, I've had it in Mexico City, I've had it in Phoenix but ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, if you want the REAL DEAL then look no further than Food City in Chandler on the northeast corner of Ray Rd. and Arizona Ave. If you have a hangover I STRONGLY recommend this place as the one stop cure for what ails you. Spicy and delicious and steaming hot this amazing elixir is served up only on Saturdays and Sundays which makes the wait that much more meaningful. Their menudo is also served with the traditional limes and chopped onion / cilantro garnish and is recommended highly by "your's truly". Also if you like traditional marinated Carne Asada then look no further than the Carniceria at Food City (that means butchery by the way!) Take this home and put it on your grill and you'll be having a party when you taste this amazing marinated skirt steak. I have to commend the manager of this Food City. He's always around and smiling when he sees you. The staff is always friendly and happy to be of service. I LOVE my Food City. Don't ever change guys!
4	Aug is the start of New Mexico Hatch chili season!  My go to spot for Hatch chilies, though many places sell it... Food City sells the 1 bushel bags (~25-30lbs) in mild/medhot/hot or already roasted outside in the parking lot.  No guessing, wondering what you're getting.  If you buy bushels such as I, let the cashier know so they will charge you appropriately (10cents more per lb) and the guy outside will roast for you w/ receipt.  Roasting at home is a long and tedious process when you're talking 30-60 lbs of chilies on a normal grill.  I personally like to mix a bag of mild and medium to freeze for an entire year of green chili goodness.Don't forget to pickup the cojita cheese and crema as well, apparently Food City is award winning for their corn and flour tortillas which this location does make on site.  Sometimes I purchase some of their watery fresh fruit juices if it's avail as I walk in.Worst case if the chilies are out, you can go across the street for already roasted and bagged (about double in price) but you don't know what spice level chili you're buying.. so ask if you can sample.
4	This is a decent place.  They make fresh tortiallas, there's a little taqueria.  It's fairly inexpensive.  There aren't a lot of workers running around so if you need something you may have problems getting help.  The grocery store is pretty inexpensive and they have a good selection of food.  Don't forget to stop and get some of their fresh salsa, the guac is delicious.
4	What a nice idea to sit and eat on their outdoor patio before you commence your shopping? I hate grocery shopping or any kind of shopping for that matter and it makes it that more enjoyable if you have something nice to look forward to. They usually have the Spanish radio stations here on the weekends so it makes for a truly enjoyable experience and you can pretend you are in Mexico. Maybe they are dueling with the Ranch market that is across the street, who knows. The prices on food is pretty low compared to the regular supermarket. They now give you the prices of Fry's and how their prices compare for each items. I bought this huge seedless watermelon for $4! It looked like an alien pod. They will fry your fish for you if you ask. The manager stopped and asked us how we were doing. A pretty enjoyable shopping trip.
4	I always shop the specials and ads.  Their beef quality is USDA Select (I think), but if you are going to make stews or pot roast or something like braising the meat, then the prices are good and USDA Select is acceptable.  But I thought I would mention the Food Court.  Some good stuff their.  My favorite other Mexican Food Court place went under and lost their lease so now I go to the AZ Ave Food City.  We especially like their fired grilled chicken w/spice rub, and their Carnitas.  We take these two items out a lot and take them home to eat with our daughter and dogs.  But we sometimes eat-in too.  Last week my wife and I ate lunch there and she had two big carnitas tacos and I had the combo plate of stewed chili beef (I have forgotten the Mexican name for this dish).  I did not want the refried beans so I substituted ranch style beans and I also got a big spoonful of grilled round onions -- a pretty good and big combo lunch.  We also got a whole fired grilled chicken that we ate some and took the rest home.  Service was good and the people there were very helpful to non-Spanish speaking people like us.  Their condiment bar is very good and stocked with a lot of stuff --- all you want --- shredded cabbage, shredded lettuce, three kinds of salsa, onions, limes, peppers, and pickled vegetables.  Very good -- If you like more authentic Mexican food, this place is good.  Much better than places like Macayo's and Garcia's.
4	I love August and September. Yes ... Hatch's green chiles are in season and this Food City roasts them outside of the store during these two months. I go every weekend and buy two pounds of the mild, which I think is really medium because it does have some heat. In fact when I de-skin them, my fingers are tingling afterwards. Beware if you get the hot or extra hot, definitely wear gloves.  The roasted chiles sell for $1.50/lb. That's a price increase from last year when they were only $1/lb, but it is still cheaper than most other places. I recently had Daughter#1 pick up some fresh roasted ones from a different grocer and she paid $1.99/lb. If you go too early, before 11am, you'll have to wait. Occasionally, you may even get queued behind someone who has just ordered a whole bushel to be roasted or buys all the chiles that are in the plastic bins waiting to be sold. If you do, might as well place your order with the guy doing the roasting and tell him you will pick it up after you do some shopping inside the store. While inside the store, pick up some of the fresh flour or corn tortillas that are made onsite. I love the cute little 3 inch ones. There is also a food court with delicious entrees and on a hot summer day, you should get some fresh agua frescas, but everytime I am there I never see pina and that is my favorite fresca. Pick up some fruit or veggies in the produce department. It will probably be cheaper than other stores. Same for the meats. Interestingly, this store has some self service checkout lines, but for some reason, I find it to be slow. The scanners don't always work very well. It's always fun to talk to some of the people waiting in line to buy the chiles. You can pick up some good recipes and tips for using them. When it gets toward the end of the season, pick up several pounds and freeze them. You'll be glad you have them come winter when it is time for tamale making. Try not to tear into your bags of chile as you drive home. There will be a very enticing aroma from the fresh roasted chiles wafting thru the car!
4	Here's the deal walk straight through the store to the butcher counter and order up as many lb.'s of the marinated Carne asada that you have the courage enough to grill up and eat. Flour, or corn tortilla whatever. They say they just marinate it with orange juice. I ain't buyin that. I know there's a little crack cocaine in it.
5	This is my favorite place to get my groceries, salsa, tortillas, chips and uummm EVERYTHING. On the weekends they often have a mariachi band playing in the Cafe area which is a treat for my kids to see and hear. The prices cannot be beat anywhere. The diversity of grocery foods along with unique items will blow you away. The staff is very friendly and professional. I only shop here and will continue to do so soon. I have heard great things about the cafe but have not had the chance to try yet. Your definitely need to give this place a try. And buy something you have never had before, there's  lots of that to choose from here.
5	Food City is terrific!  When you go (and you should) think "fresh" - skipping the jars, cans, and prepackaged stuff.  The food moves (not literally of course, but out the door in the bags of paying customers).  Always, always fresh!  The meat counter is the best in all of Chandler with cuts not found in other stores (you can buy steak anywhere).  The same can be said of the produce, and if you want fresh tortillas - this is your place.  Great prices too.  Don't be "put off" upon entering the store.  Fluency in Spanish is not a prerequisite.  Fresh fire roasted green chiles from Hatch (the chile capital of the world,) a Mariachi Band, and the cafe, all make shopping here an experience.  Great food, low prices...you just gotta' go!
4	I made a previous post regarding the Food City food court.  But I think this update might be helpful to other yelpers.  This week, Food City is having a special on their "any meat" combination plate meals.  This means any prepared meat entree like carnitas, birria, machaca, etc. etc. is included on the combo plate which includes rice, beans, a small salad, and warm tortillas.  And included in this special is a two liter bottle of Pepsi!!  They also have a small but nice condiment bar which includes cilantro, onions, jalapenos, limes, three kinds of salsa, lettuce, etc. etc.  And the best part is the price for all this is $4.99 for this week's special.  And the food is pretty darn good too.  So for the price and for the generous servings, this is a good deal!
5	Don't mean to bore you folks, but I gotta tell you this.  Yesterday I went to buy some chicken and pork chops that were on-sale and just couldn't resist getting some menudo for an early lunch.  They serve menudo only on the weekends.  I got the "big bowl" for only $6.50!!  And it was a huge, freaking bowl.  And it was the best menudo I have ever had.  I must admit that I love menudo and have had it at about 5 other places here in AZ, but this was the best I have ever had.
3	This feels like a lower-end store.  Meats and produce are nothing spectacular.  Canned goods are what they are.  But one thing about this location is that they do feature a bit more ethnic food choices than you might find elsewhere.  For that I give them an extra star (otherwise they'd have two).The other two stars are for having basic stuff, and a friendly staff that tries to help.
5	Having shopped here for 5 years, I think this place deserves one more 5 star review from me.I am vegetarian and I cook EVERYDAY (we eat out once a week), so the produce section very important to me. I like shopping at Sprouts and Fry's, as well as here.This is definitely not the Whole Foods experience. When I was new here I did feel it was very low end. But for the same peppers and watermelons from Mexico, the perfectly shaped and waxed specimens of which end up in Whole Foods at a dollar each, you pay tremendously low prices everyday. And the weekly produce deals are incredible - 5 lb onions for $1, 5 avocados for $1, 8 cucumbers for $1, 3 bunches of cilantro for $1, etc.  The produce does not look like a picture and the storage of these are not the kind that make regular grocery stores' veggies sparkle, but they move fast.Great deals on other things too - 20 lb bags of rice $10, large salsa jars, fresh & cheap tortillas, tortilla chip bags, enchilada sauces and moles. They often have sales on their bulk cheeses as well - especially queso fresco and oaxaca. The baked goods are dry and old, so I avoid them, though you can see them making the stuff. I don't shop the other aisles often, but it's occasionally fun to browse the Mexican branded products like cleaners and household stuff too.
5	This place is fantastic. they have a restaurant inside the grocery store. very good food.
3	Good location, really good prices compared to the other grocery stores, unusual items compared to other grocery stores as well.Especially like the fresh tortillas, both corn and flour.   Great chorizo.
5	Cafe restaurant attached to it was some of the best food in town you can't go wrong with the authentic Mexican food here .... absolutely delicious
4	Well let's make it simple, I love their Bakery especially the bread and they are very nice, but the only problem i see is the bad smell the moment I go inside.
3	Had a carne assada torta.  It was actually not bad.  For the price it was real good.A few comments/observations...- Comically unorganized. There is no process for how this place works.  I got my food but if they actually had something that resembled organization I would have got it a lot sooner.- The grill was a bit on the dirty side.- The meat while ok was a bit on the fatty/chewy side.  Chopping it into smaller pieces would have been helpful- Not the cleanest dining area.Not really a 3, but not a 2 either.  I gave them the benefit of the doubt.
5	I'm writing this as I walk throughout the store right now. This place is fantastic. It's got anything and everything you could possibly imagine when it comes to Mexican/New Mexican/Southwestern ingredients.Store is clean, well organized and the quality is phenomenal. I've been on a quest to learn how to make the perfect salsas and tacos while living in Illinois. Not easy to find the ingredients needed  but that's NOT the case here.So nice to be home!
5	I love this store and the people that work there.  Esteban and Sergio are my favorite produce guys, but the rest are nice, too.  And, Matty is my favorite cashier.  They all help me with my Spanish, as I'm learning it.Love the good prices of the produce, but I know sometimes in the Bashas family, Food City doesn't have as nice of a selection in terms of quality as AJs or Bashas.  Most of the time, I use the stuff right away, so it's not a big deal.I'll buy some of the thinly sliced beef steaks and sometimes the pork and chorizo.  Those are the meats I like to get there, but sometimes some stuff has too much fat and I'm better off paying more at a different store to get leaner stuff.  It sort of evens out because though I will pay more, I don't have to do the work of trimming all the fat off the meat.I mainly buy a lot of fruit and veggies from Food City, which they have a good rotation on this and it is between my kids' school and home.  My kids love the wide assortment of palletas they have (frozen Mexican popsicles).Their bakery is good, and we like the fresh tortillas and pork rinds, but we haven't been eating this type of stuff too much lately for health reasons.  I do not like their roasted green chilis, though.  I feel I'm better off roasting my own.But, I always get great customer service here and I feel like they are a part of my family.  Oh, they also have an eat in area and we've tried a few things and they are all good.
