5	For a local gym Fitness 19 is as good as it gets.  Very friendly staff starts with the owner Tom who makes you feel welcome as soon as you walk in.  Even during peak times it isn't packed... only draw back is no sauna or steam room and very little locker space or changing area.But on the upside, it is very relaxed and several times I have lost gloves/headphones/ipod and everytime they are returned to the lost and found.  Great neighborhood place!
5	Having just become the Mayor of Fitness 19 on Foursquare, I feel it is only fitting for me to offer my acceptance speech in the form of a Yelp review.My fellow Las Vegans: if you're looking for a place where you can always get on a machine, the equipment is always in good condition, and the staff is incredibly friendly, I have three words for you: Yes, We Can.Fitness 19 isn't for everybody. If you're looking for classes, a pool, sauna or steamroom, you won't find it here - it's definitely a no-frills gym. If you're going to the gym for a pickup scene, it's not here. There's not a ton of eye candy save for the occasional Southern Highlands trophy wife. But they do have mountain views and tons of televisions, including a bunch mounted on the treadmills.But if you're just coming for a no-BS workout, you can't do better than this. Especially at $12 a month for an everyday membership.
4	It's the perfect gym for those who don't need to spend the money on the trendy gyms. This gym is small at times but it has a friendly neighborhood feel to it.
4	Good gym but please fix the cable. It's been broken for 3 weeks already.
5	First off...if you are looking for a meat market...this isn't the place for you. Go to LVAC. If you are looking for a good workout and good, quality people...this is the place for you. Fitness 19 has no classes or fancy locker room but they only charge me $16 per month...so it is well worth it. Plus...they include up to 2 hours of free childcare per day...that makes Fitness 19 an INCREDIBLE value. I have been going there for 2 1/2 years or so and I feel like the staff and regulars are a second family. If I miss a couple of days they are all asking where I was and if all is well. The childcare room ladies are AMAZING. They know my kids and treat them like their own. I couldn't ask for better people (shout outs to Claudia, Crystal, Marie, Fran, Kerra, Lauren, Cory, and Kayla). Overall...a WONDERFUL place to workout and meet cool and genuine people. As long as I am in Southern Highlands...Fitness 19 will be my gym. Love you guys!
5	I LOVE THIS GYM! Its like a second family for me. You'll catch me here 5-6 days a week. Way less skeezy than LVAC.
5	So today I went in (as I do about 5 days a week). I was having trouble finding the perfect butt exercise. Sean "Shawny Sean", the trainer, helped me out by showing me the Brazilian butt lift. OUCHIE! I will have problems sitting down later. I just keep telling myself that swimsuit season is just around the corner.
4	This fitness 19 is a family operated gym!Staff is really nice and the owner is friendly and knowledgeable.I dont go often cause I workout at the Henderson Fitness 19 gym.Keep up the good work
2	Small, just small. No space on the floor to do non equipment workouts, closes early on weekends, not humid enough, I felt that painful cold air in my throat as I ran. Not enough space in the free weights section...maybe Its because I'm used to 24 hour fitness, but my workout didn't feel complete since I didn't get to relax my muscles in the sauna afterward.
3	This gym is nothing fancy. It has the bare minimum equipment. A plus is that the equipment that they do have seems clean and maintained. Staff doesn't seem to motivated to help out new members or people trying to figure out how to use equipment properly, but at least it's not packed and you don't have to wait forever to get on a machine.
5	This gym is perfect to get in & out w/o having to wait for a machine or weights. It can get a little crowded during peek hours but there's still plenty of machines to get on. Everyone there seems to be there to work out. There aren't people there to hang out & talk or lay or sit on a machine on their phone. That's a big pet peeve, it's like get off if you're not actually working out. A big plus for me is the location & availability. So glad I joined.
5	Fitness 19 is a great place to workout!! The gym is not very big. Although it has everything you need to get a great workout in and get on with your day. The gym is really clean and every one that works there is very friendly and helpfull!! What I really like about the gym is everyone who is there is there to workout. The best thing about this gym is there is never a wait to use a machine. The machine are always working and in great condition. This gym is perfect for someone who wants an afforable gym and someone who does not need all the extras. Like classes or a sauna. I am very happy with this gym. It has just what I need at a super afforable price.
4	For the monthly price, well worth it.  Lots of renovation has happened since I last came here, which is awesome.  They have added new equipment since I last came here and lockers too.   I was particularly looking for more leg equipment which they now have, bonus!It isn't the fanciest of equipment, but it gets the job done.  Its the nearest gym facility in the Southwest area, so it is a pretty busy gym.  I've been here early AM and late PM, and yup, still fairly busy.  The gym etiquette here is good.   Meaning, for the most part, people re-rack the weights, will ask if your done with the equipment, etc.  That's almost hard to come by.  It would be nice if they had some sanitizing wipes or something to spray down when people are done using the equipment, a suggestion I hope that will be implemented :)
4	I have only been to Fitness 19 a few times but so far so good... One thing they forgot to tell me before signing up is the Kids Play room closes from 2-4... So i was a little bummed when i showed up there at 2:30 to work out, the guy that signed me up only said the Kids Play room was only closed on sundays. Its a really good deal and its super close to my house. They only have the basic work out equipment, nothing fancy and no pool or sauna, But i never use that stuff anyways!!
4	It's a good neighborhood gym. Great for quick workouts. The staff is friendly and they are readily to assist clients with any questions. The facility has lockers, a children's playroom, a cardio section, a range of machines, and free weights. Defiantly recommend for all ages (well 13&up).
2	For those of us who live in Southern Highland this is the only option. On the positive side, it has a decent and varied selection of equipment, it is small and so because of the way the machines are laid out you can do a workout staring at someones ass.Worst of all, it is filthy. The staff does a decent job of cleaning the cardio equipment but the remaining equipment (benches, free weights etc...) are disgusting. It's like hepatitis on a stick.
2	Just moved to the Silverado Ranch area and needed a gym close to home. Fitness 19 is small but has all the necessary equipment you need to get a TRUE work out in. The gym does lack in open space for stretching and non-equipment exercises. I'm always press for time and here I can get in and get my workout done without waiting for a machine. On the negative side it's not open 24/7. Even if it was open a little later. I mean this is Las Vegas.
3	I wish the hours were a little better. The weekends are usually empty (apparently not many people work out Sat/Sun.) but the hours are terrible. Closing at 8?? Why not just keep the hours 5-11 all week long? The machines are nice, very rarely broken. Its never been so crowded that you can't get a good workout in. The staff is kinda MIA and when they are around they are joking with their friends and could give a crap less who is coming in/leaving. Seen SEVERAL people come in and not sign in. Sucks that they are abusing the gym because of incompetent staff.
5	I go to this gym 6 days a week at 5AM and I have also started going in the evenings as well at about 5-6PM it is pretty busy in the evening and you just need to get in where you fit in and get the workout you want and get out. In the morning you can pretty much move about freely and get your workout in pretty quickly before taking off. I like that it is a smaller gym and the morning crew is usually always the same people so you get used to who is there and they are all very conscious of etiquette and don't just take over a machine you are working on. The last but obvious key to this place is the price. It is CHEAP.. if you are wanting to get in shape and not break the bank just skip 2 lunches at McDonald's this month and your dues are paid.
3	I love this gym for the ease of closeness, it's cleanliness and the bare essentials is has when I don't feel like making the trek all the way out to GV where my other gym is. This is great when you don't have much time and you need to get a quick work out in. Bare minimal gym for the serious trainer. The staff is also super friendly which keeps me coming back. I bought some training sessions but they were pretty worthless as I believe just about anyone could get certified and I didn't even break a sweat I let my last session just go because it was a waste of my time. Again, if you live in the area there are no contracts and monthy fees from 5-10 a month. Can't beat that. They don't have a stair master though which is why I have this a 3  review.
4	Not the biggest place to workout but I'm not trying to become Ahhnold either. It is quite cramped with all the equipment they have jammed in there but some kind of workout is better than no workout.
5	I have been going to the Fitness 19 in Southern Highlands for almost two years now and I have to say that I am stoked on having this gym so close to my home.  Everyone here is nice, friendly and helpful.  All the members at the gym are exactly that, they are members, they are at the gym at least 3 - 5 times per week.  We actually exercise there and the gym is clean and has everything you need.  Excellent job guys & thank you!  I have been working out for over 30 years and this gym is on the top of my list!!!
3	Barebones gym at the right price. Only 3 stars because of low amount of amenities. If you are looking for a gym with a spa, pool or shower keep looking. But if your looking for a decent amount of cardio, free weights, and some strength machines at a low cost look no further. For under $10 per month I love it. I get a nice workout between elliptical trainer warm up, 40 minutes of lifting and a final cool down on the bike or back to the trainer. Added bonus kids room were you can drop off the little ones. Not open a ton of hours so check the website for hours. All in all highly recommended if you aren't looking for a lot of amenities.
2	Pros: awesome people at the front desk. I am back in town for two months and needed a gym near by. They gave me a lower price than what they quoted me on the phone without me even asking. Cons: WAY too crowded. I really don't even have the words to explain how packed the place was. While I got a great deal, I just can't come back here. There are so many machines packed into this space that you can barely move around (which is my fault for not looking around before signing up, but still). No room whatsoever around the free weights to do any type of organized circuit because you are constantly moving out of the way and avoiding other people two inches from you. Maybe the issue was because I went at 6:00pm when everyone was getting off work, but there were so many people in that gym I couldn't even enjoy my workout. I'm sure it's not as packed early in the morning, but that just won't work for me. So I'll be eating my fee I paid for the two months and going elsewhere. Bummer.
4	Sometimes crowded. But it's the only option in S. Highlands
5	This gym is awesome! I loved going there and only cancelled my membership because I bought my own treadmill, which is mostly what I use. Thanks for the nice and reasonable experience Fitness 19!!!
1	The gym is disgusting at any price, all the machines are broken and missing parts for over a year. The treadmills TVA haven't worked correctly in years. The  heart rate doesn't work to monitor yourself while working out. They need to close down  purchase new up to date equipment to stay in the game and keep customers safe I have been going t another gym for several months but was pressed for time the other day and thought I would go use the bike, one was out of service, another seat was broke another the handles moved around. I left and not sure I will ever go back
4	Long time Fitness 19 member. Coming from Southern California locations this one is pretty good. Very good barebones gym, decent staff, close proximity to where I reside. Gets the job done. Only wish they had more stools with varying heights to do more step ups, box jumps, etc
1	Small, overcrowded gym. Good luck using a bench or the single squat rack. Extremely rude staff. I moved to another state and they wouldn't let me cancel over the phone. Avoid this hole in the wall at all costs.
