5	Best. Costume. Shop. Ever.  I get excited just walking into the place.  First off, Mardi Gras is in a house that reminds me of a mini Back to the Future clock tower.  Every time I pull into their parking lot I flash back to Michael J. Fox driving a Delorean.  The wig store is always my first stop.  I plan everything around the wig.  The women working behind the counter are always incredibly helpful, and there is one in particular that really makes the experience special.  She used to be a Vegas show girl and gave me my first lesson in false eyelashes.  I can only imagine the treasure trove of costumes she must have in her closet.  It would be the dream of the nine-year-old version of me to have her to play dress up with.  You will walk away with giddy excitement at the thought of gluing crap to your eyelids and cramming your hair into a hat made of pantyhose in order to shove it under whatever creation you decided to buy.  Next up, the rental room all the way to the back.  I bypass all the costumes in the middle because I need the good stuff, baby.  They also have a vault, should you want something nicer than the rentals on the main floor.  It doesn't really matter if you want to go big or be frugal, I'm sure they have something for you. Lastly, I peruse the accessories.  This is where I get into trouble.  They have so many cool things that sometimes I want to rethink my entire costume based on something like crackle stickers to make your skin look like it's peeling off.   Inevitably, when I show my finds to my friends they say, "Why don't you ever be anything sexy?"  I semi-tried that one year, but being outrageous, gross, or scary is so much more fun.  In the end, I leave Mardi Gras with excitement and anticipation for the big day and unfortunately, a lot less money too.  This year my best friend accompanied me and even commented on how much I spent.  As we walked out he said, "You really do need help."  So don't say I didn't warn you.  There is going to be a lot of cool crap inside Mardi Gras to spend your money on, but just stay strong because you don't really need the fake dog poop.  It isn't even a part of your costume.
5	I don't even know where to begin. If you need a costume, come here. The employees are so friendly and very helpful. The rental fees are very reasonable considering their costumes are stage quality. The store used to be an old bank and the way they transformed it is just way cool. It's fun to come here even just to look around. Actually, even if you don't need a costume go check it out. It's a fun experience no matter what.
5	Try finding a costume shop in Phoenix in the summer. Sure, it's easy to find one in September and October, but if it's any other time of year, good luck friends! And then enter Mardi Gras. Hidden on Granite Reef and McDonald, people probably pass it all the time and don't even realize what's inside. Resembling a Southern church, the outside signage is modest and unsuspecting, but for those seeking costume attire in the off-costume season (and especially during the spookifying, goblin and ghost-filled months) this is your shop. Going to a masquerade ball? Looking for the most authentically awesome pirate's costume? Sick of the mainstream costumes? It's all here. From accessories, to costume makeup, to costumes for purchase, to the extreme costume rentals, no matter what I'm looking for in the costume department, I know Mardi Gras has it. Be warned, if you enter during Halloween season, the store is jam packed and sometimes picked over. But, they do a great job of restocking. My suggestion is to purchase your costume right before Halloween season begins. Now, some of the items are a little pricey while others are really reasonable. You just have to pay close attention and look through the entire store before making a decision. Mardi Gras is my one stop costume shop and every time I need one, I know just where to go.
5	Mardi Gras proves their greatness over and over again and this week they did once again. While on the hunt for some costume attire, I walked into my go to costume shop, Mardi Gras, and was immediately welcomed by Bobbie (not sure the spelling). Bobbie is a former singer/dancer/actress who knows her costumes like the back of her hand. She and the rest of the Mardi Gras staff were so sweet and accommodating that I tried to figure out then and there when I would need a costume so I could visit again. I also learned of a Halloween special they have started. If you rent a costume, you get to keep it through the month of October. That sounds like a challenge to costume party hop until you win the costume contests at each of them!
5	Just left this place.... the absolute best costume shop ever...... great for whole costume rentals or buys or just if you need an accessory. Their stuff looks a little higher end then the other costume places i have been to this season. happy halloween hunting.
4	Happy almost Halloween!I procrastinated again this year and the day before a costume party, I realized I needed something to wear...I gave Mardi Gras a shot and they came through in a pinch!  Actually, it was Christy who came through to help Jared and I find costumes.  She helped us navigate through the store, gave us opinions and suggestions, and voila... we walked out with costumes!Mardi Gras has costumes for rent and purchase.  They carry all kinds of make-up, masks, mustaches, wigs, shoes, accessories, etc.  They squeeze a hell of a lot of stuff into their store!  They are a tad bit pricey and a tad bit crowded right about now, but what costume shop isn't?I'll for sure return to Mardi Gras for future costume needs!
4	Fun shop with thousands of unique costumes for rent/sale. The staff are very helpful and know their stuff. For Halloween they rent most costumes for the entire month at their regular rate.
5	I have been renting my Halloween costumes from Mardi Gras for well over 7 years.  Their rental selection is HUGE!  And I can always piece together the outfit I'm doing with no problem.  It is hard to rent from other shops cause I have T&A.  And other rental shops costumes are usually something they've ordered off the internet. Mardi Gras' costumes are stage quality.  They rent out to a lot of different High School theater troops and well a lot of theater troops in general. The staff is very helpful.  Coreen is a riot!!  And the October rental policy is killer!!  Your rental is for the entire month.  My 1920's Beach Beauty costume I'm picking up next week - $30 rental FOR THE WHOLE MONTH!!  You definitely get your moneys worth when you rent your Halloween costume from Mardi Gras.  :D
5	Went in to buy a Santa suit. THE NICEST people you would ever want to meet. If you are looking for CHEAP "Made in China" crap this is not the place for you. If you're looking for quality costumes that look good on you, this is really the only place in Scottsdale you can go.
5	This place is great!Mardi Gras sponsored the costumes for my event and the process was seamless!The staff was amazing and the check out and return process was as easy as it gets. They have a huge selection and great prices.Thanks Mardi Gras!
4	You can enter this shop as yourself and leave as whatever you want. The options are nearly endless. There are costumes for purchase and also for rent, and all of the staff working are friendly, creative and totally nuts.The costumes are pretty well organized by genre and theme, just scan the labels on the shelves of each aisle to determine what you're looking for. All of the bigger stuff, or more delicate and expensive is up high and you need help to get them down. When I was in high school, we used to use this shop for plays and shows and now that I'm an "adult" I come here for Halloween and theme parties. Most recently, I needed a Super Hero costume for the Yelp Helps party. The selection for women wasn't all that extensive, but I found a Super Girl suit that fit perfectly! **See Picture**The reason for the star deduction- some of the costumes are in pretty rough shape. It's natural, when you have people taking them to parties and doing all sorts of God knows what in them... but I think some of them need some serious work if I'm going to pay good money to rent them. I wanna look good, damnit!Happy costuming!
5	This place is one stop shop.  Best costumes rentals and widest selection.    Many happy Halloween memories thx to Mardigras
5	They are a REAL costume shop all year round! You can pick up some cheap, fun costume items, or you can spend big dollars buying or renting show quality wigs, outfits, accessories, etc. They are really helpful with helping you locate items in the look and price range you need. You can also just rent single pieces to complete a look, such as a hat, or pair of shoes.When I just got too busy to return the item, I called and they were great about extending me another day at no extra charge, THANKS GUYS!
1	I talked to the owner to request a 1 hour donation to deliver a cake for a 4 year old little girl in hospice. The owner was extremely rude and claimed that he gave to charity often and doubted the validity of my story. I would not recommend this place to anyone.
4	I love this costume shop. Having basically grown up in the theatre I needed costume after costume. The rentals are well taken care of and alterations are easy. The for purchase costumes are a little more expensive then some of the other Halloween stores but they offer them year round which is nice. I only rated 4 stars because it used to be better Before the new owners took over many years ago... I felt more valued. The new owners seemed a little less capable and spend money on the wrong items. Still. A year round costume store that was once a bank is pretty awesome.
5	Best prices, and most fun costumes. Chrissy helped me find a Jeannie &  Maj. Nelson costume.  It was lots of fun, and the party was a great success.
1	Oscar is a delight and Corinne puts a smile on my face. However, I went to purchase facial hair and when I walked in I was ignored. I looked around and when I was unable to find what I was looking for I went up to the counter to ask. As I said, "Hello, I was wondering..." the tall, skinny, older man I was addressing looked right at me and walked away. I waited for him to come back, thinking maybe he had to help another customer. I waited 10 minutes and eventually another guy asked me if I was being helped. I asked him my question and he was very helpful. They didn't have the facial hair I needed in stock so i asked, "When will you be getting it in?" He walked over to the older man and the older man just threw his hands in the air and said, "thats an oscar question, leave me alone." I was absolutely appalled. I never got an answer to my question and I received dirty looks from the older man.I have a large amount of respect for people working in retail and customer service but when they treat their customers like crap, I never want to support that business again. I will not be returning until the employes learn some respect.
5	Once again, Mardi Gras comes through. I found Mardi Gras several years ago for a Halloween costume. I've rented from them several times for events, photo shoots, and parties. I've purchased a few items and accessories as well. They always have what I am looking for, and most times even more than I was expecting. I've also had really great service with helping me navigate EVERYTHING that they have. Great ideas and suggestions. Always fun to shop there.
5	I was so pleased to know that this costume shop had the costumes we needed for a school play in San Diego.   They were prompt, reasonably priced, and very flexible to the needs.   The costumes arrived early and Mardi Gras was very flexible and understanding when they were turned in a bit late. Belle's costume was perfect and added the right touch to the performance.  Beast's wig was the perfect and we could not have done any better.  I searched for a company like this one and it seems they were the only ones able to meet our needs.  Thank you!  The show was awesome!
5	Beautiful costumes. This place has a huge variety of everything. The gal that was working gave me a 100% tour of the store. She was so sweet and I'm glad she walked me through the store. I will be back but now I can't decide what to be for Halloween!
5	Wonderful staff who helped us put together costumes for a party with humor and creativity! A great experience.
