5	Okay this is about the only thing I miss from Vegas...All you can eat sushi (usually that would make me run)  but not this place, the sushi literally melts in your mouth.  Sooo good, cool chefs too, very insight full.  If and when I go to Vegas again, I will definitely visit this place.
4	Love it love it love it!!!  One of the only places that has the All YOu Can eat Option and In addition allow you to eat at the same time spider roll and dynamite roll!! Ive been to a lot of all you can eat places.. and none of them allow you to get the fat toro or the expensive dishes.. so what does this mean?? You get good value for your buck.. If you want to enjoy.. come here.. its in Vegas.. and let me tell you .. it was hard finding good japanese restaurants in vegas!Also the food is quite fresh!!
3	Craving sushi, but wanting to be off the strip, I was referred to Sushi Mon by a resident of Vegas.  My dining companion asked if this restaurant had a time limit on how long you could eat there and I looked at her like she was insane.  Well, she was correct to ask as there was a time limit on the All-You-Can-Eat Sushi option.  (I had yet to have ever experienced an All You Can Eat place that had restrictions on time, and this apparently was going to be my first.  Were they going to be put a timer on the table?)  Their menu selection is quite large and ranges from appetizers, to nigiri, to dessert even!  There are a few items that you are limited to (2 per person) and there were out of a few 'hot' items on a Saturday night.  We were told there might be a wait, but there actually was none.  We sat at the sushi bar so we could order directly from the sushi chefs.  Quite a few other patrons and the sushi chefs commented on how surprisingly slow it was that evening.  Despite the slow night, the chefs were too busy watching TV to pay much attention to the customers and we felt like we had to wave them down to get their attention.    The food was okay - there were some good rolls and some alright items.  I recall not wanting to finish some cooked fish appetizer I ordered.  It wasn't all that great.  The spicy tuna roll wasn't up to par with what I had in mind.Service was okay.  I think one of the waitresses didn't understand English very well, so she had to get her colleague to help us out a lot.  We were a little offended when we ordered our dessert and they returned with the check as well.  (Uh, we weren't done yet, and our hour wasn't up yet either.) Overall, I felt rushed watching my 'hour' time limit.  I think we paid about $25 each for this All You Can Eat but figured it was a good deal.  After all, once you order a couple of rolls and nigiri, you've spent that much money already.  If All You Can Eat Sushi is what you want, Sushi Mon will give that to you. And with the various choices from hot and cold items, it gives you a bigger range to choose from.  Can't beat mochi and/or ice cream for dessert either!   It also says on their website that they are open until 2 am!  Wow.Side note: They also have a frequent eater card.  We like places that offer frequent eater cards. Be sure to get yours!Update! 11/05/07 - Went back last night, and dinner is now $25.95.  Limited items on the all-you-can-eat is the Toro, Amaebi, Uni, Baked Oyster, and Sake Shooter.  They only have two ice cream flavors - Green Tea and something else, and only Strawberry Mochi.  The BF and the brother loved the Baked Mussels.  They also offer amaebi head soup, which is a nice twist.  Nigiri was pretty good with good slices of fish and small amounts of rice.  We definitely appreciate they aren't trying to stuff us with the rice!Sidenote: They don't take reservations!
3	in vegas, the growing world of all you can eat sushi restaurants mimics the rapid growth of vegas.  i yet have to find my favorite place.  i frequent this place a lot b/c of the proximity to the people i usually eat there with. i was disappointed my first time. they did not have an alcohol license at the time.  (I want to drink Sake and SAKE BOMBS, argghhh!!!!)  the service was awful.  the waiter kept reminding our group that all-u-can eat sushi had a time limit and that we had to finish all our orders, including the rice.  i was truly offended at the comments.  i came from Reno, where i still believe the concept of all-u-can eat sushi at the sushi bar began (this was about 16yrs ago...props to Sushi Teri).  We were also very hungry, it was not necessary to remind us.  i mean it's even written in the menu.  at that point my friend and i was pissed.  the two of us to start a mission to target one item on menu and make them run out of it.  we  targeted the mussels.  we kept ordering 4 orders of them (about 5 times).  it came to the point where our waiter kept avoiding our table and avoiding making eye contact with my friend and i.  i finally got him to return to the the table, so i can ask for some more.  he was apologetic to tell us that he can only give us 1 more order because they had no more left. ha..ha...ha  our mission was complete along with eating several orders of sushi, some tempura, some edamame, yellow tail collar, and some ice cream and mochi.  the all-u-can-eat  menu is quite extensive.  they have several types of appetizers, nigiri, hand rolls, long rolls, and dessert items.  i haven't tried that many rolls b/c i just love nigiri and the rolls fill you up too fast .    im disappointed that they limit you to only 2 orders of ama-ebi and toro. i think their ama-ebi was crap anyway.  i don't think it's really sweet shrimp.  yeah, this is one of the better all-u-can eat sushi place in vegas, but i doubt it is the best.  so the search goes on....
4	So I have this thing about all you can eat sushi. Usually it's a buffet. But really I LIKE THIS PLACE. I've only gotten take out from my employees going there and I get a bento or something....But I just thought it was ok. Average Japanese sushi. When I ate there. different story. So sushi is like a big deal now. Kind of a trendy thing. F*ck YOU all the kids in school that made fun of me for eating raw fish!!!!Sorry I had to get that out. They don't only make the sushi in front of you and fresh. They put love in it. The all you can eat menu not only holds sushi. But teriyaki, sesame chicken, tempura, curry, SAKE,  sunomono - and all kinds of different kinds of rolls! So if you go - add up all the sushi and food you're gonna eat and make sure it hits 25 dollars. Don't waste food. Cuz that sucks. Get a stamp card!
4	I'm not a huge sushi fan.SACRILEGE!I'm just not.  I have this weird fear of fish, live ones, and sashimi still scares me a bit because it's a little too close to the live fish state.  It's an irrational fear and I can't explain it, but it exists.  I like a lot of rolls, but I have a problem with nori, too.  So when all my friends go to Sushi Mon for the All You Can Eat special, I totally get teriyaki chicken and shrimp and veggie tempura and it is GOOD.  I'm pretty picky about my tempura, and theirs was great.My friends always finish amazing amounts of sushi, and they bring it out pretty quickly.  It tends to get really crowded and the tables feel a bit cramped, but that could just be your ever expanding waistline as you consume mass amounts of food.Try it out.  It ain't bad at all.
5	Best all you can eat sushi place I've ever been to.  You can sit at the bar or the tables, I've done both and there isnt a huge difference because the staff is great and attentive.  What I love about this place is virtually everything on the menu is fair game.  You can come here without even loving sushi and be fine because staff rushes out orders of gyoza, shrimp termpura, teriyaki chicken, shumai etc.  If you're at a table they also take your sushi orders, but if youre at the bar, the chef does of course.  The sushi is amazingly fresh and does not disappoint.  The chefs are fast and give a good fish to rice ratio (unlike other all you can eat places).  For dinner, you also get one order toro and amaebi, which you will probably never get at any other all you can eat place.  The nigiri is extremely fresh.  I order a ton of that.  But they also have hand rolls, your basic cut rolls, and even specialty roles.  Yes an all you can eat place where you can order a huge variety specialty rolls.  Try their  achi chi roll ( salmon on top of shrimp tempura roll with a spicy sauce) and mambo roll (yellowtail on a lettuce spicy tuna roll) and of course volcano roll. Additionally, you can order half rolls (4 pieces) allowing you to try lots of different rolls.  This place is so far beyond any other all you can eat sushi restaurant its amazing.  The only downside is lunch is only 45 minutes (dinner is an hour) and its a good 15-20 minutes from the strip.  Even so, it is well worth it.
4	When I am on the west side of town this is usually the place my friends and I head to for a sushi fix. Normally we get the all you can eat option and consume more food in one hour than previously believed humanly possible.  I noticed some of the other reviewers have said they felt pressured to finish their meal in an hour, but I have never felt like anyone was watching the clock.  If you get a seat at the bar, cross your fingers that JR is your sushi chef. He is very personable, and makes recommendations for new things to try.  Everything I have ever tried here was tasty and fresh. It's worth stopping in if you are on that side of town.
5	I'm gonna let you in on a little secret. The all-you-can-eat special is made possible by the gaijin that order all the rolls. You see, the rolls don't have the prime (read: expensive) cuts of the fish. Where its at: the nigiri, man! Like any sushi joint the quality of the fish will vary from day to day. Sushi-Mon is moderately consitent with quality. We totally bank on that all-you-can-eat deal. When we go to Sushi-Mon, eating isn't just a leisurely activity; its serious business. My faves: hamachi, hirame with shiso, toro, super white tuna (save this for dessert), and salmon. I'm gonna die with salmon in my mouth. And to be American for a second, I like the Frying Jason roll, Moon roll, Moon River roll, and baked green mussels ... with mayo on top. *gurgle*I only allow myself to eat here once a week ... because I could seriously eat here every day of my life. Oh, yeah. One more thing. I'm from Hawai'i. Second base sushi headquarters. * off the strip, non-casino
5	If Sushi Mon could put on some makeup and a dress, I'd fuckin take her out on a night to town.  I love this place.  When you hear of a all-you-can-eat sushi place, you generally think of not so fresh, huge fistful of rice to fish ratio sushi.  At Sushi Mon, you get good quality sushi in unlimited quantity.  Unlike other buffet places, where the sushi is already made and set out for you, Sushi Mon makes everything as you order...the gluttonous hour begins.Far off the Strip on the west side, Sushi Mon is always packed with a young energetic crowd.  The all you can eat menu extends not only to sushi,but literally everything on the menu from rolls, apps, teriyaki, tempura, salads,... the fried yellow tail head with ponzu and the seaweed salad are good starters.  You can only get 1 order of Uni per customer but I don't like that nasty orange puke anyways, so it doesn't  affect me at all.  Try the '911' roll if you dare, its got a huge spicy kick to it that'll wake up all your senses!~  No matter how full I get, I always end my meals with green tea ice cream, fried banana and strawberry mochi.  Be sure to get started on a punch card so you can get the 11th meal free!I recommend you sit at the sushi bar so you can tell your order to the sushi chef.  There is usually a line out the door and no bar to wait.  There is a hookah lounge on the other side of the strip mall, but otherwise, but I like to take the time waiting, salivating through the window and mentally preparing myself for the hour of sushi chaos.
3	When you think of a Sushi Buffet, I'm not sure that many real sushi fans think of it positively. Most sushi buffets don't offer fresh fish or great service, so I didn't go into this place thinking that I'd be striking gold or discovering great quality sushi. However, I was pleansantly surprised at the quality of the sushi, and the friendly service. It wasn't the best sushi I've ever had, but it wasn't all that bad. The fact that the fish tasted fairly fresh, and that I didn't have to worry about the price (since it's a flat-cost)... made this a pretty good place to dine. I also came here with several friends, so it's definitely a suitable place for groups to gather. The friendly and noisy atmosphere made it a nice place for younger crowds, but I think in about 5-6 more years, I may think this place is a bit too noisy for me to have a pleasant dinner with friends... Maybe if it's right after I just won big in Vegas, and in the mood to scream and yell in joy... I may tolerate it a bit more. But, the restaurant itself isn't all that bad.
1	I'm sorry, but this place fucking sucked.  We drove nearly 45 minutes off the strip to get there, and it was a disappointment to say the least, considering how much everyone hyped it up.  It was basically full when we arrived, but there were five seats open at the bar.  We stood around for five minutes with no host or hostess telling us whether or not we could sit down or not, and it was only after we flagged down a busboy that we were told we could have a seat.  We all ordered the all-you-can-eat lunch, and proceeded to put in our orders.  For appetizers I ordered a green salad (completely drenched in dressing with mushy tomatoes), the fried calamari (it came out square-shaped and tasted like fish cake?) and the mussels, which was the only edible selection of the lot.  For sushi, we ordered plenty of nigiri and some rolls as well.  The pieces of fish for the nigiri weren't especially big or tasty, and definitely wasn't on par with other sushi places I've been to.  I was especially disappointed with the rolls - while there was no dearth in selection, most of the menu items seemed the same with only minor changes in the ingredients, and the ones that we did get just weren't appetizing at all - we ended up having leftover pieces of some of the rolls we ordered with no one stepping up to finish it, not because we were full but because they just tasted gross.  Overall, just boring, unremarkable flavors that weren't appetizing at all.  At the end, I was so put off by the sushi selection that I had to go back and order the mussels in order to try and fill myself up (which still didn't end up happening).  Save yourself the drive off the strip and take a pass on this place.
4	everytime we go to vegas we make it a point 2 eat here.  i especially like the tuna here and they even give u 1 time orders of the high end stuff l ike - fatty tune, sweet shrimp and et cetera.  worth checking out if u're in the area... but it gets crowded so be prepared for a long line.
4	Sushi mon is the best!  I knocked down one star since the two owners split and when they did, they decided to even split the menu! =(For an all you and eat place, this place takes the prize!  For a little less than $30, you get a wide variety of special rolls and sushi!  The sushi is really fresh surprisingly for an all you can eat place!Like every other sushi places, the waiters and chefs are always nice and friendly!  The rolls that they have are really big!  They also provide the option of getting half a roll if you don't want the whole one!  When I say they have a wide variety, I really do mean they have a wide variety!!They have mochi which is of course always great and they have friend tempura ice cream!This place is a must go to place if you're in the area! It's not on or near the strip however, it's more of a local place!
4	YUM!  sushi was the perfect thing to eat after getting my teeth cleaned down the street.  soft food that won't hurt your slightly sore teeth/gums.small place...probably only seats 50 people (including the sushi bar).  service was excellent.  probably not a place to come to if you're staying on the strip (as it's about 20 mins away), but i have family here and i love that they take me to the off-the-strip places.all you can eat lunch for $21.95.  came here with my cousins and i let them do all the ordering.  there were two large full pages of sushi, rolls, specialties and sides to choose from.  we didn't get any rolls, because of the "too filling" factor.  i liked that the cooked items such as tempura and calamari came in servings of 4 pieces so it was enough for each of us to have one and move on to the next item.  the sides (cold salads) are a very good accompaniment.    i never find the quality of fish to be that spectacular at AYCE places, but sushi mon was quite good!  the white tuna (that i'd never had before) melted in my mouth!    end your meal with the plum ice cream.  with many pieces of actual plum in it, it's so yummy!  then again, since it's AYCE, get the red bean and green tea too!(ROTD #4)
5	The best sushi shop in vegas. Sushi Mon is one of the few sushi shops that actually use fresh fish not not that frozen crap, and fresh fish is expensive, especially when you offer all you can eat. if you want to eat a lot of fresh delicious sushi at a good price this is the place to go.
4	Great spot for all-you-can-eat sushi!  They don't skimp on the list of nigiri your can order, and I'm always happy to get some yellowtail and unagi as part of my AYCE.  Also, they give you one delicious sake drink and a few other higher priced sushi items as part of the package.  I especially like that this place is open until 2am.  I just wish they didn't raise the dinner price to $25.95 recently.  It's getting expensive!
4	This place is great for all you can eat sushi for $26.95 (dinner).  Ordering the half order was a GREAT tip since we filled up fast.  The rolls that could not be split in half, which contain 5 very large pieces, I wish we had ordered only one of.The shrimp tempura was nice.  I can't remember the names of all the rolls we tried, but especially nice were the baked ones.When it came to the dessert, we were slightly disappointed, not with the plum ice cream, but because we thought there would be mochi and fried tempura ice cream.  Possibly that's the other location??
5	After a busy day of gambling, drinking, and checking out various casinos, my boys and I were in the mood for some serious grubbage.  Our other friend suggested this place, and said for $27, you can get all you can eat sushi as well as anything else on their menu.It's a fairly small place and it took us about 20 minutes to get a seat.  Not too bad a wait, but since all of us were so hungry, it seemed like forever.Once you sit down, you can start ordering.  Stick to the nigiri choices, unless there are some rolls on the menu that look good (we ordered quite a few spider rolls).  A brief breakdown of what we ordered:Salmon nigiri - 5/5Maguro - 4/5Ebi - 5/5Hamachi - 4/5Unagi - 5/5Spider roll - 5/5Shrimp heads - 4/5Uni- 1/5 (color and taste was not good)...the only thing that suckedOrders came out fairly quickly.  I liked the fact that the rice balls for the nigiri were small sized....this place doesn't try to fill you up on the rice.  Everything was really fresh and tasty.  Service was friendly and efficient.One hour later, we waddled out, having completely killed this place.  I'd definitely go back again.
5	They bumped up their prices a little. Its now $22 for lunch and $27 for dinner. But I calculated I ate well over $40 worth tonight. By myself. I'm gonna throw it all up anyways. jk. I tried inducing vomiting after a few large meals and could never get it to work out. I just dry heave. Speaking of dry heaving (unrelated), I bent over today to pick something up and close-mouth burped. I TOTALLY puked in my mouth. My stomach was pretty empty so it was like, pure bile. GROSS. I cried. Anyways. My circuit: two orders of salmon two orders of hamachi hirame with shiso half Moon roll (to satisfy the whitey in me) half Frying Jason (to satisfy the glutton) baked green mussel white tuna otoro green tea ice cream If you pay item by item, it averages $5 per for nigiri and $8 for rolls. You have to strategically order your items. Get your nigiri started first. Then order a roll during round two because it takes longer. There is a science to AYCE sushi. You must optimize your time. The chefs can get busy. And don't be a douche because the chef's mutter indiscretions about you under their breaths in Japanese if you piss them off. I also get a hot green tea. But that shit is piping hot. I have to let it cool off for like 10 minutes before I can even think about sipping it. I can't even hold the damn cup. I'm bummed they discontinued the anago. There aren't many places in Vegas where you can find anago. They also don't have Spanish mackerel. (Ichiza has it sometimes! Carpaccio) They also have uni. Its not on the menu. Neither is the white tuna or toro (I think). A big bonus is that they're open late, 2a. Wait, is that a bonus? Because I always gorge myself then want to go straight to bed. I went tonight at 1245a. It looked like the crowd was winding down. Then at like 115, three parties walked in. Last call is at 130. Normally. Unless three parties walk in at 115a. Sushi is aways good with a beer and sake. They always have the tv on ESPN. Sound off. * off the strip, non-casino
5	Sushi Mon is a great little place about 20 minutes away from the strip if you're looking for an all you can eat sushi paradise.  My friends and I came here after a full day of cruising the strip and felt like gorging ourselves with some good sushi.   The decor is about average for a small sushi place.  The service was great as we had what felt like 3 servers going in and out of our table.  About half of our group ordered all you can eat and the rest ordered a la carte.   Their list of rolls is probably the most expansive I've seen so far.  Since i got the all you can eat I ordered a couple rolls to start off with before a server let me know that I can order half rolls.Being able to order half rolls in an all you can sushi place is like the invention of sliced bread for a bakery; it was astonishing how much more of the menu I tried just because of the ability to order most things at half portions.  Most of the rolls were great and some were just too weird for my taste buds.  Another plus to the menu was the choice of dessert that comes with the all you can eat order.  Maybe I haven't been to enough sushi places but most that I know do not include desserts in their orders.  All in all, I had about 5 half rolls, 3 full rolls ( I can't remember what they were though...) and some mochi ice cream for good measure.  I came out of the place waddling like a penguin due to the food knocking my center of gravity out of whack.  Overall, 5 stars for the great service, good food, half order ability and dessert offerings.  Sushi Mon is a GREAT restaurant outside the strip that sushi/roll lovers should check out when visiting Las Vegas.
4	I've eaten here ten times now over a period of six months and have had a great experience each time. About 26 bucks for custom made all you can eat sushi. I start with nigiri salmon, yellowtail, toro, maguro and anything else that looks good, so I know the fish going in the rolls is good. The New York girl in Las Vegas roll is unique. the 911 roll is spicy good. The Spider roll is average, the Spicy Tuna roll is above average. Fresh and clean and no fish odor, the way good sushi should be. And steady quality. there is a long wait during dinner usually.
5	best all you can eat sushi in vegas. end of story. i suggest going in for lunch since you'll get your monies worth. here's a hint to ordering: don't order rolls! i know it's tempting, but it's all rice! why would you pay over $20 to get full off of rice?! be smart!! order the expensive sushi. ask the chef what their special is for the day. there's nothing more to it. good sushi. good price. AND extra points for buy 10 all-you-can-eat sushi and get one free. that's a FREE $27 dinner!!!!! it doesn't get any better then that!
5	I've tried plenty of all you can eat sushi restaurants in Vegas (they seem to be popping up everywhere). Now it's kinda hard to go to a place like Little Buddha and pay $20 for a roll knowing you can go to Sushi Mon and pay about $30 for all you can eat. Usually when I hear all you can eat or buffet, I would say I am not interested because of the quality of the food.Sushi Mon is def. the best for all you can eat for locals. You get the same thing for lunch, so it would be better to go for lunch if you can and pay less. They have a ton of rolls here-which are all really good-too many to mention. Alot are covered in sauces, but its not overboard like some other sushi restaurants. I also like how you can get a half order of the rolls. Sushi seems fresh and the place is reliable. Waitresses are fast and available. I have tried to take out of town visitors here, but if they want some cool Vegas type place I guess this would not be the place to go. You would have to go on the strip, but then you pay for it there and portions are much smaller.I would like this place even more if they let you get sashimi! I have been to another all you can eat in Vegas that has sashimi on the all  you can eat (Hikari) but this place was dirty inside, old looking, ok I will just do another review haha. They also have a good choice of appetizers you can get with the all you can eat.
3	Wait this isn't right, this is not the sushi-mon i know.Ok so this is my first time at this particular sushi-mon location and I'm here with my sister & my dad and not in the best of moods but I'm hoping some all u can eat sushi will help fix this melancholy.I must say compared to Sushi-mon on Marland Prky there is a completely different atmosphere. it looks nice and the place is larger but it is not the atmosphere I'm use to.  There are still chicks with pink panties hangin out of their low rise jeans but the menu and clientele are different. And there is no mochi or tempura ice cream! They do have plum ice cream but it is not a replacement for mochi and tempura ice cream however. I didn't have any edamame but my sister reports the edamame wasn't good and from the look of it I wouldn't try any either. Looks like it was left out to dry.And I don't know if it's because of my bad mood but the sushi was not up to snuff. Even the seaweed salad was bleh.At least I didn't have to wait long when i got here at 615p. Uh the service was good and I did enjoy my miso soup. I am going to have to come back and give them a second chance since I do have a free all you can eat card filled up. However, I must say this is the first time I decided not to stuff myself with more sushi and just leave feeling content with the amount I had eaten.
2	So I was in town late on a Monday night for a car show (SEMA) in Vegas. So I checked yelp for some all you can eat sushi that was off the strip. FYI I'm from so. cali and my fav all you can eat sushi places are Tadashi, Midori's, Riptide. I have to say their poke bowl was good, salmon sushi, and yellowtail passed. When it came to the albacore it was pretty bad. It was soggy and mushy not good at all. Their scallops were pretty bland and not very large. I liked their rolls, hard to fail on rolls because you have other ingredients to offset the quality of cut fish. Their Miso soup was good and I finished off with green tea ice cream. But sorry I can't spend $30 bucks for a place thats mediocre. Infact I thought the salmon and tuna at the Bellagio buffet was much much satisfying.
4	Sushi, Sushi, & More Sushi! A typical sushi restaurant in a strip mall here in West Las Vegas! In my opinion, the all you can eat Sushi is the best part of the menu option. It's nothing like the typical buffet style of all you can eat. They make the Sushi right in front of you! The all you can eat includes the hot portion of the menu! The baked sea scallops is the way to go! I usually get various different rolls and try to eat as much of the different varieties they offer! You get 45 mins. to eat as much as you can! You can order 1/2 orders of the maki rolls..the Hamachi is pretty fresh, but then again for the most part, so is everything here! All this for under $30 bucks! Service is great! They usually don't miss a step!
4	I love it good sushi, but the place is way to small....if you arrive after 6pm good luck finding a place to sit.
5	This is what I usually get in order to maximize the $26 all-you-can-eat price:-Sweet shrimp (limit one per customer at $7 a plate, so it must be good!)- 10 orders of their shrimp tempura. One order equals two pieces at about $4 an order. Their tempura has the perfect texture---crunchy goodness! My boyfriend orders this much just to take advantage of it.- 3 orders of each Nigiri: Yellow Tail and Salmon, and Mackerel (I love raw stuff, and rolls fill me up, so I usually stick with the Nigiri- Sherbert: LYCHEE!!!- Strawberry Mochi!!!- Hot green tea (it helps with the digestion which means I can eat more. Yes, I'm hardcore)Tip: Go with friends so you can sample everything on the menu without having to pay a fee for not finishing your food. YOU MUST try the Lychee Sherbert. If you don't have room, buy one to share.
5	I have been here countless times.  This is my favorite off-strip sushi joint in Vegas and for what I like, I'd prefer to go here than anywhere on the strip.   Japanese owned and run.  Certain fish they consistently get really good ones, while others can be hit or miss. Here are some tips based on my experience:The IKURA is excellent - some of the best I've had anywhere.The HAMACHI and SALMON are always very good here.  Ah-Chi-Chi roll is one of my favorite rolls anywhere. It's a little spicy.Unagi is always bad.Mackarel is not very good.Tilapia is solid.Toro is usually just so-so.  I like the hamachi better than the toro here.Uni is hit or miss - I always order it with quail egg added.Ama-ebi is always bad.They have some crazy rolls with cream cheese and deep fried this or that if you're into that kind of thing.  Salmon skin roll pretty good.The deep fried oysters and dynamite are pretty good.The poke is not great.If you like toro, ama-ebi, ikura, and uni then order the all-you-can-eat DINNER even at lunchtime - it's only $5 more and you get those four "premium" items which any one is around $5 and you cannot get with lunch.If sitting at the sushi bar - avoid the old sushi chef with glasses - he is slow and grumpy.  There is a young Hawaiian guy JR who is great.I always get iced green tea here - it's pretty good.This place is not related to the Henderson Sushi-Mon at all which I've never been to.
4	As a newbie to sushi, I was cautious to make sure that my first experience was somewhere that was well-respected among the sushi regulars.  A friend advised me that this was the place to go, so I gave it a whirl.  As mentioned by other reviews, they have all-you-can-eat sushi, and what seems like a decent variety.  I can't say I liked everything I had, but I can't blame that on them, as I am not a big seafod fan to begin with.  But, once I settled into some of the spicy items that were tuna or salmon based, I was hooked.  The place is small, so expect a wait, as it is EXTREMELY popular.I reserve 5 stars for only my favorite haunts, which this place has yet to earn the distinction.  But I will be returning, and will update in a few months.
5	My coworkers and I frequent this fine establishment at least once a week. The lunch time hours are usually very busy, but the numerous sushi chefs crank out the rolls as fast as you can order them. The volcano roll is one of my favorites, but I haven't had a bad roll from this place. The staff is very friendly and extremely attentive.
4	Visiting from L.A. and decided to try something new.  Just got back from there on a Tuesday evening.  We didn't have to wait at all.  Almost everything we ordered from the AYCE menu were pretty good.  On the menu, it does say it's AYCE within 60 mins but I don't think they really time you .. maybe on busier nights?  It's worth the $26 for dinner but I wish they would include the drinks (soda, tea .. ) with it.  We briefly added up the items to see if we ate at least $26 / person .. I think we each ate about $28 worth .. haha .. wish we could have ate more but we were so full!!
2	Dear Sushi Mon,What has happened to you?  I was your number one fan.  I've had over 50 meals with you and filled up eight all-you-can-eat-cards with 10 stamps each.  Lately, you've slipped. I've definitely noticed the last four or five times I've visited you.  I'm not sure if it's the economy so you're not selling the fish fast enough or sacrificing some quality to save money?  But that wouldn't explain why you would try to serve me nigiri on plain white rice last time I was there.  Did you run out of vinegar to make the sushi rice?I haven't seen my favorite of your sushi chef's JR in a long while.  Maybe my timing is off.  But it also seems the old angry sushi chef is angrier and slower than ever.  Must he put up his hand to shush me if I try to ask him for more than one order at a time?  I wouldn't have to place simultaneous orders if he didn't take 8 minutes to prepare each item I request - on a slow night.Thanks for the memories, Sushi Mon.  We definitely shared some good times.  I'll always remember your ikura and Ah-Chi-Chi rolls.Sincerly,Richie H.
1	GOSSIP UPDATEI haven't been back since my last bad experience, but I did get some gossip from a reliable source.  Apparently, a little while back - right around the time I noticed a significant decline in the quality - they lost their head chef.  Word is he went over to the other Sushi Mon in Henderson.And I also found out that it's not entirely correct that the two Sushi Mons are not related.  Apparently the old manager of this Sushi Mon on Sahara started up the Sushi Mon in Henderson - there may have been like some sort of payment or franchise type agreement.  Currently, the two are separately owned and run, but there is a little bit of a relationship there as you can see.  However if you ask them they will say they are not related.Anyways, if the head chef's gone over to Henderson then I guess I'll have to check that place out again.
3	had lunch here.  beef teriyaki plate.wasn't bad.  beef was kinda tough.  but the sushi was good.little side plates were good too.  haven't tried the all you can eat sushi.but i assume it's not too bad.  20-25/person for AYCES.
4	This place was great.  I got the all you can eat sushi and it was fantastic.  I really like the fact that you can order 1/2 orders of rolls so that way you get to try more.  Everything was amazing (except for the saki shooter that had quail egg in it....that was a little weird)!  I will definitely go back here in the future
5	I absolutely LOVE this place!  All you can eat menu includes amazing surprises like saki shooters, fried oysters, salmon potato cup, and jumbo tempura shrimp.  The cajun albacore is a must-try.  Oh, and don't get me started on the spider roll...  Mmm... Amaebi... (sweet shrimp)  Enjoy!
5	3rd time in this place.  Its so good! This time I visited there during lunch.  Even better.  No Lines, Food came in fast.  Since this is an all you can eat restaurant, you will not worrying about "left over fish" issues like other a la carte sushi (yes, in Japanese culture you may get to eat the fish from the day before during lunch).Everything is fresh and their fried stuffs are actually quite yummy (Shrimp tempura, fried shumai).  Ahi Poke salad is good too.  I didn't like the grilled yellowtail cheek too much. Make sure to save rooms for desserts!  Yummy lychee ice creams!
5	This is the best sushi buffet I've been to out here.  The quality of the fish is outstanding.  The fact that you get 2 pieces of toro, amaebi and uni as part of it already makes it worth it.  We sat at the bar and chatted it up w/ our sushi chef, Nobu, who was awesome and made a couple of interesting pieces of sushi and rolls..guess it helps having a Japanese wife!!
4	My belly aches in a good way. Maria and I just finished the AYCE while in town for a brief vacation, man, I'm glad this hasn't caught on in LA. At $26 per person for dinner, this is not a bad price for the ridiculous amount of sushi they have. Good selection of rolls, nigiri, hand rolls, and other appetizers and deserts. My favorite was the 9-11 roll (super spicy! burns in a good way) , and the delicious strawberry mochi. Our server was excellent as well, always there asking us for more the second we finished something. So Dan, why only 4 stars? It's far from the strip, situated in a suburban shopping center. You'll need GPS to find this. Also this place was packed on a Monday night, with 6 chefs working. Given how busy they were, the decor is weak. A makeover would make this place an easy 5 star.
4	Ok, so after a few visits to this place, I figured it's time to update my review. I don't classify myself as a Sushi connoisseur by any stretch, so I would say that doesn't qualify me too well to review this for people who are.  With that said, if you are new to sushi, and want to find what you like, this place is a good choice.I only wish I could get s steak with my sushi.  And maybe a baked potato and a salad.  :)
4	All you can eat. WOW!!! I really liked this place. Probably better than the one on Maryland Parkway and Silverado ranch. My favorites: the salmon sushi, ama ebi, fried shrimp heads and pretty much everything. They do not mess around here. You can order as much as you want...as long as you eat it all. Which I always do. You can order half rolls which is great because you can try a lot of different variations. This place has now become one of my favorites.
5	All you can eat Sushi? Really? In Vegas nonetheless? Poor buffet quality imitation sushi comes to mind.  But Sushi Mon can't be further from that image.  For less than $30 for dinner, you get high quality sushi for all you can eat.  It's a great way to try several different types of sushi and rolls (as long as you finish it) and you will like some more than others but I've never not been able to finish an order.  Everything is just that good.Cajun Albacore is a personal favorite by the way.  Don't forget to save just a small bit of room for ice cream (included of course).
4	A VERY GOOD AYCE SUSHI PLACE ON THE WEST SIDESushi Mon is on of a myriad All You Can Eat (AYCE) Sushi restaurants throughout Las Vegas. For the most part, I have had favorable experiences at the AYCE places in Vegas. In the old days, AYCE meant Buffet Style like Makino. Makino was fine, but sushi lovers knew that the price you had to pay for AYCE was that it was not as good as Made To Order. But a few years ago the AYCE trend caught on at many of the good sushi places that were only set up for Made To Order and that is when AYCE Sushi really took off. Really, there are so many AYCE Made To Order places in Vegas I don't know how the places that don't have AYCE stay in business.In November 2009, AYCE Made To Order Sushi in Las Vegas is going for between $24 and $28. My eleven year old son, Tristan, can eat $28 of sushi in about 15 minutes, so we make out way ahead, dollars wise. What would normally be a $150-$200 bill ends up being just under $100 for three people (with drinks and tax).In Henderson, my favorite place is The Ka (Warm Springs & Green Valley). The sushi is top-notch for AYCE and the atmosphere is actually very good for a sushi place. Most sushi places that put any effort into their atmosphere tend to charge much more than the other sushi places, but not The Ka. Additionally, the sushi chefs at The Ka have quite a bit of personality (which makes up for their challenged English... hey, I can barely speak any Japanese, if THAT is what they are speaking, so they're doing much better than me on the bilingual thing.)Now that we're living on the "West Side" we have to find a place to get our sushi fix. My girlfriend lived over here recently anyways and Sushi Mon was "her place." We actually went to Sushi Mon for our first date although neither of us were really paying much attention to what was going into our mouths in the restaurant that day.The quality and selection of the sushi is very good. I like to gage my sushi places by the quality of the salmon (aka "sake") and I was not disappointed. It was very soft, smooth, and very tasty. My girlfriend likes to use the Yellowtail as her gage and it certainly passes muster with her as with me. We had a variety of the typical rolls you can get in Vegas and each one of them was good to great.The atmosphere is typical for Las Vegas sushi restaurants, at least the non-casino places. It always seems to be busy here and it seems they would be able to fill a few more tables if they had the room for it. Not much for decoration but there's nothing disconcerting about it either. The most important part is that it is clean, which it is. The sushi chefs were very good and surprisingly fast (in spite of a packed place). I wish they had a little more personality but I probably need to go back a few more times and start some kind of rapport with them and they'd probably be just fine.Here's a kicker for me: THEY HAVE A STAMP CARD. Your 10th AYCE is free, which is like getting $2.80 off each meal. Not all places do this in Las Vegas and if you're looking for a new "favorite place," this certainly helps tip things in favor of a place who does have a stamp card.If you're looking for All You Can Eat Made To Order Sushi on the West Side of Las Vegas I would recommend that you check this place out. I'm sure there are other good places in the area, but this one is good for me.
4	All you can eat sushi off the strip? Away from all the crowds of the hotel buffets? Yezzzirrr! Vegas for the Pacquiao vs. Cotto fight brought major crowds any and everywhere. Times like this it's nice to explore the part of Vegas that you tend to forget about. You know the part where you realize there's more to this city than just a strip of street infested with over the top hotels.  Don't get me wrong I love it as much as anybody else, but sometimes the crowds can be a bit much.  Escape for a couple of hours from the madness isn't a bad idea.This place was a nice change of pace.  Head sushi chef was way cool.  Made to order rolls made in on like Donkey Kong. Place was full of locals so it had to be legit.  One of the highlights to a highlight packed weekend!
5	My favorite sushi place to date!! too bad I live miles and miles away T_T !!I first came here with a group of friends for a birthday. Two in our group were locals and took us to sushi mon. Its a small place but worth the wait and the money.  That time I secretly shared the sushi with a friend and it was soooo good!!Second time I was there (around August) we ate at sushimon for dinner our first night there and I wasn't disapointed! We sat right at the sushi bar and ordered all the sushi we can ever want~ My friend tried the uni (the urchin) and dispite its poop looking apearence she said it was pretty good. I loved the shrimp shushi and the sauce they put on most of their rolls were very flavorful! I ate my money's worth! I recomend after you eat, go to the restaurant that is behind it. I forgot the name of it but its a restaurant and karaoke place. Their karaoke is fairly priced and they have so many songs to choose from.  The rooms are very pretty too! I wish my bedroom looked like it! pretty decorations and atmosphere!!~
5	We went to this place a long time ago when one of our friends lived in Vegas.  This last time around we wanted sushi but forgot the name of this place.  We yelped a good sushi place and boom, we were back here.  All you can eat is great and a great price. But, you don't really have to get all you can eat.  They have great priced meals you can get or meals for two, then you can also get different sushi and save.  People are nice there and the sushi guy is funny.btw, didn't feel good that night but wasn't sure it was the food or the drinks.  Might have been all the drinks.
5	First time in Vegas, second time trying an all you can eat sushi place, and it was totally worth it!  The chefs were very efficient, very polite, and made my friend and I feel right at home.  We both took advantage of the buffet and we stuffed ourselves silly.  My favorite roll was the California Dream Roll....so good...this place holds in a spot in my memory bank of my first trip to Vegas.  Thank you!
5	This is one of the better places (if not the best place) in Las Vegas for all-you-can-eat sushi, and I eat here most of the time when I want sushi.  The fish has always been consistently fresh and good over about a dozen visits for both dinner and lunch, generally a step above, say, Kabuki, but not as good as, say, Sushi Gen in Los Angeles.About $24 (lunch) to $28 (dinner) gets you an hour to order from an extensive menu of sushi basics, a wide variety of rolls, and non-sushi items like seaweed salad, baked green mussels, chicken skewers, and fried oysters.  Beverages not included, so add a couple bucks more for that, plus tax and tip.Service here is generally good, with everyone friendly.  It does get a little crowded on some nights, so if you go for dinner, be prepared for a bit of a wait as they don't have a ton of seating.Tip: Rolls can be ordered as half-orders, giving you more room to try different things!
5	We came here on Saturday night for all you can eat Sushi for $27.99 and I must say this was one of hte best Sushi places I have eaten in ages!!!The best seat is by the sushi bar and the service is faster than you can blink!When you order a side such as seaweed Salad  you barely are done with the word and your salad is there! and all 5 star!The wine/beer menu is very cheap also .. 3.65 for a glass of wine?! How cool is that!Also you get a free Sake shooter included with your meal!I will DEF be back when I can get to Vegas again!
4	Sushi Mon was kinda my first date with the BF and we kept coming back We have come here so often that we really are burned out on it and haven't been back in a few months, but we've gone enough that it would be a drastic downfall for my opinion to change. Their appetizers I haven't explored too much of. I regularly get seaweed salad, poke salad (I mix them up together), dynamite and fried oysters.  Love that they do half rolls as I like variety and dont want to be stuck trying a new roll and discovering I don't like it yet have to commit to consuming it. Love their moon roll and sunrise roll! I'm not even a "roll person" but I enjoy those two.  I normally go simple though- am a sucker for salmon skin handrolls and can eat quite a few of these. The chefs slices nigiri thick-this place doesn't skimp on fish and do not pile on too much rice. The fish is pretty fresh and the bulk of what I eat is nigiri so I can tell when it's not. I have some days here where certain fish is just okay, but overall they keep a decent standard. There are a few things not on the nigiri menu such as Toro and White Tuna so be sure to ask the sushi chefs if there's off menu items that day. Both are my fave and not to be missed, there is a 1 order limit on the Toro, Amaebi and Uni though. Off the regular menu, I tend to grab yellowtail, albacore and their cajun albacore is nice to have something different. Usually places slow the service to pace you through your AYCE to eat less,some I think purposely put some of the expensive things til the end, some "lose" your order too- not the case here. They serve it pretty fast and as you ordered it.  We've been here plenty of times when there's few tables near closing and gotten great service. That standard of service still held when nearly a dozen are waiting outside for a table. To me, that deserve a lot of merit and is why I gave them 5 stars. Sushi Mon staff really works hard to attain good service- they work their butt off! Hats off!Also the little old lady is so cute. She remembers our names and says it in her cute accent. Specially my boyfriends name....Scott is Scott-to. I appreciate and impressed she remembers us each time we come in and the chefs and servers know us too...but then again, we've been in so often it's hard not to notice.
4	pretty decent quality fish for the price.cheap.
5	I live in LA but visit LV often since it's not that far of a drive ... every time I come, Sushi Mon and Rosemary's are the 2 places I ALWAYS have to dine at. I am a sushi fanatic and this is the best sushi buffet ever! Everything is made fresh to order and they have a wide variety of rolls. The best thing is that you can do half orders so you can try everything!! I really don't get how they make money?! haha They even have a punch card and after 12 meals you get a free one! They aren't skimpy on their fish and they don't over power the rolls with excessive rice. The only bad thing I have to say, is that sometimes the sushi orders aren't cut the best and it has the little silver fiber thingies which doesn't make for easy eating. But the rolls are so yummy. They had a new roll "mesquite" which was reaaaaly good - spicy tuna roll topped with mango, salmon and a yummy mango sauce. The mahi roll is good - it has mahi mahi, asparagus and shizo leaves. The chubby roll, hawaiian, spider and orion are all great too! They have poke and seaweed salad too! If you go with people that aren't huge sushi eaters - they can either order off their menu or do the all you can eat which also includes tempura, gyoza, teriyaki, miso and more. Plus ice cream!! Red bean, green tea or plum wine. So worth the money!  And they are open til 2 AM so perfect after those late night gambling runs!!
5	AYCE 27.99!! MmMm guud!!  All sushi is made to order! Fresh frsh fresh! I loved the spider roll. Hamachi of course. Flounder! Eel! Fried oysters! Shrimp Tempura. I even asked for fried shrimp heads!! MmMm!! Service is excellent very attentive. Don't forget try the fried ice cream neat!! You have to make time to come to Suhsi Mon!!
5	I was in Vegas with the Mister for Valentine's Day weekend, and there was this Japanese girl who worked at the Fashion Show Mall (Coach Store) who recommended Sushi Mon to us if we wanted AYCE Sushi. Before visiting this place I use to be in love with Hikari because sashimi is included in the AYCE; but after discovering Sushi Mon, I now have a new love because this place has a HUGE variety of specialty rolls to choose from (even if sashimi is not included). Priced at $27.99 per person, I tried to eat as much as I could but I somehow failed that day. (I knew I shouldn't have eaten before dinner). I did the best I could though, the few rolls and appetizers I had spoke for itself - it was divine; the creativity, the fish, the rice, every ingredient that was used in the roll was so good and so fresh. Will be back for sure when in Vegas since my Honey is a "Sushi Freak".
5	If you're gonna come here...YOU HAVE TO GET A SEAT @ the SUSHI BAR. TRUST ME! The chefs are just GREAT! Order the "ALL YOU CAN EAT"  Just tell them what you don't like...and they will keep making you the most delicious rolls ever! YUM! Never been let down here before. Every time I go to Las Vegas I have to stop by Sushi Mon....*drools
1	By far the worse service! The one in Henderson is way better! Don't get me wrong they do have great sushi it's just their service was terrible. I went here 3 times just to give it another chance but I am not going here anymore. They even forgot to bring out our drinks so that's when I had the last of it. The only good thing I can say about this place is they have a variety of rolls to pick from and if you like all you can eat they have it!
4	One of the best all you can eat sushi places in town, without sacrificing on that much qualityAll You Can Eat Tips:For those trying to maximize on getting value from all you can eat sushi (AYCE) or any buffet style eating is to use this general technique, here are some basic guidelines.* Avoid any items that contain dairy products like cheese, they expand your stomach filling you up. Eating foods that contain dairy will likely fill you up the fastest.* Avoid rice, vegetables, or fruits they're just filler foods and don't really add THAT much to your meal.Based on the above, you should be eating just meat :P. Which means you should load up sushi in this order:Sashimi - Just meat. Not offered here.Nigri - 2 Pieces, more meat and less rice.Regular Roll - More rice, but usually a good combination of ingredients.Hand Roll - Lots of rice and to be avoided if possible.If you want to break one of the general guidelines of maximizing your meal, just try to fit those items towards the end of your meal. The Bad:I'll come out by saying that this place isn't really AYCE since they put a 1 order restriction on the more pricey items like Oysters appetizer, Uni, Toro, and Snow Crab nigri sushi. The tradeoff is you can get a much better quality of cut of meat because you won't have people trying to load up on sashimi toro.This place is usually very packed, even on the off nights and every time I came here, there  is usually a Japanese couple eating here which are good signs of a great place.Food:The sushi is just great. The fish, eels, and other goodies are cut much better than other AYCE sushi places, but still below the non-AYCE places like Naked Fish. Shrimp tempura, deep fried oysters, and goyza from the apps side were all great. Toro and Uni aren't on the menu, so you have to ask for it, but they quality isn't too shabby since its included in the AYCE. This place does have some more house special rolls, while not bad,  nothing stood out for me. Just be careful that some rolls are the really big, so be sure to come in groups. Service: Service is usually very good with the waitresses coming around often enough when you're done with your sushi / apps. Very friendly sushi chef and wait staff. Service isn't impeccable though, with the wait staff sometimes forgetting our order and sushi chef sometimes forgetting our orders. This didn't happen enough for it to be a major issue.Price:Price for lunch is $24 and dinner is $28 which is about the going rate in town for AYCE sushi and they just give you about everything including desert, excluding alcohol of course.I almost completed my stamp card to get a free meal, thats all I need to say :D. Happy gorging.
4	One of the better places for all you can eat. Quality is good considering price. Rolls are not as crazy as I like, but the price is right.
4	This place rocks!  If you got a car and don't mind an almost 6 mile drive away from the strip, this place is for you.4 of my friends elected to try the all you can eat sushi.  They have a few ground rules, like no sharing with non-AYCE friends, must finish all your food or they charge, 1 hour time limit, etc., but all in all it was a great deal. They can make 1/2 orders to ensure you do finish all your food, so that was another plus.I had the volcano roll because I am a sushi wuss, but it was large and tasty.  My friends said the fish was fresh and it looked it.  They also had a seafood salad of some type that was loaded with fresh greens, then had crab meat and other goodies piled on top.  It looked delicious.  I think the price for dinner was somewhere in the $25 ballpark, but it was definitely worth it.  We just missed the lunch prices, coming in just after 4pm, but get there early because the place filled up quickly and there was a wait by the time we left.
5	I love sushi, and it's very hard to find a place that has all you can eat sushi that doesn't sacrifice quality.  When I first went here, I heard about the oysters and had to try.  They were delicious.  I now come a few times a month.  Well worth the money too.
4	I love the all you can sushi here! I stop by this place every time I go to Vegas. The sashimi is pretty fresh and you get two orders of uni and sweet shrimp included in the all you can eat too!! (I wish they allowed more..) They have a huge selection, ranging from nigiri, sushi rolls, hand rolls, to cooked food like yakitori and dynamite (which i looove but don't recommend for all you can eat because it's very filling and prevents you from eating more sushi and sashimi).One of my favorite sashimi is salmon, and since it is not one of the limited quantity ones, I tend to order a lot of it. But what I've noticed is that, the first order is always REALLY FATTY and tasty, but as you order more and more, it just gets less and less fatty, to the point where the taste of salmon is gone. I don't know why that happens, but I have noticed that every time I've been there (about 5+ times).In the end, I still go to this place every time I go to Vegas because it's just such a good deal and it's good quality sushi for the price you pay. Good variety, fresh sushi, great price, can't go wrong with that.
5	This must be the easiest, more informative review I will ever write; here we go!All you can eat sushi + 2am close time + good quality + fair price + excellent service = Hell yeah!!See? Easy!
4	Awesome plce to get AYCE sushi if you are in Vegas and dont mind the 5 mile drive from the north strip. Believe me it is well worth it. The fish was very fresh and tasty, great service and very clean inside. I like the fact that the place is run by Japanese people who really seem to take pride in thier business. i would highly recommend this place to anyone who loves good fresh sushi and lots of it!
5	ALL YOU CAN EAT SUSHI...and they're not stingy with the sashimi!Wait just a minute! how the hell do they manage to have so much fresh fish when they're located in the middle of desert? Better than the places back at home in CA. Next time your in Vegas take a little trip, about 15 minutes away from the strip, come here with a big group, order everything on the menu, and enjoy!!!
4	The wife and I stopped by last weekend for dinner and we are probably the only people who have not done the AYCE option. We decided to go a la carte. Neither one of us were in the mood for rice so she ordered some edamame and tuna sashimi. The edamame was blah but the tuna was fabulous. 3 huge cuts of fish that were so rich in color and soft and buttery in texture.I got the sashimi dinner ($17.95), which came with miso soup (very good) and salad (nice, crisp lettuce with a peanut sauce drizzled on top). The sashimi consisted of 5 different types of fish, each with 3 generous slices. And by generous, I'm talking about half an inch thick. The tuna was clearly the best of the bunch, with the yellowtail not far behind. The salmon was also delicious and the white fish was decent. But the disappointment of the night was the albacore. It had a weird after-taste to it. The dinner also came with 2 pieces of crab. Before I ordered I wasn't sure if the dinner would fill me up but it turned out to be plenty of food. I didn't even have room to try the strawberry mochi.The service was a little spotty. It took a while to get our drinks and they forgot the edamame, so we had to remind them. Then after we finished eating we waited and waited and finally had to flag someone down to bring the check. But, the fish is good enough to warrant a return visit.3.5 stars
4	I agree with everything else these people have said (people who love the place that is). Not much to add after 75 previous reviews. There are some specials on the wall that are not on the menu, so check the walls for fliers and see what's new.SUGGESTION: The all-you-can-eat element extends to the starters and desserts. Have the tempura, have the red-bean ice cream.
5	I would have to say that this is by far the best AYCE sushi joint to go to.well this and SUSHI tachi but i think they have the same owner or something cuz their menu is the same.    but but but... this place is BOMB you cannot go wrong with this place. Most of their rolls are to die for especially the moon river roll!! and they have really fresh nigiri everytime i go there. Their salmon, tuna, yellowtail, and albacore are super fresh and they give you nice cutsss!.   They dont try to gyp you either i mean your paying 28 dollars now?they kind of raised the price but great quality AYCE for an hour so its all worth it:] and they have all you can eat ice cream tooo!! and the chefs are really nice and they keep on asking you what else you want:] thats if your sitting the bar so sit at the bar if your serious about eating alot of sushi!!!This place could get packed at night and the weekends but you have to try it if your looking for a good sushi place.
5	My favorite sushi place I've eaten at in the US, basically.I love Sushi Mon to the point where I'll leave the strip and go several miles out to this place, stuff myself with almost 60 pieces of sushi in a sitting and feel as sick as I can afterwards. Well, it happened once, at least.There hasn't been a better place that combines all-you-can-eat sushi with quality that I've come across. The balance is great, there is no slack on the variety you can choose from. Same with the dessert. I write this review with some hesitation, though, since I don't want to see any of you waiting in front of me to get seated the next time I'm there!
3	Revisit time. Quality at this place has dropped recently the last 2 visits. I'll do another revisit in a couple of weeks to make sure its not a fluke.@ Uni - It doesn't have the same sweet creamy texture as previous visits. One of the Uni was not scooped out properly, so can still see what looks like the vein of the sea urchin on it.@ Toro - This was a little disappointing. The fish didn't really taste all that fresh.Other items that also seem to have dropped in quality is the shrimp tempura, gyoza, eel, yellow tail, albacore, and red snapper. This place does have fast service, but a little disappointing they do enforce their 1 hr time limit now. One of the cool things about this place was you had fast service and they would let you keep ordering way past the 1 hour.Either Sushimon has let quality control slip a little or they've cut some corners recently. This looks to be a trend since Danica L. did report Sushi Tachi, owned by Sushimon has quality slipping as well. If its quality control, its understandable. If its the latter, its unacceptable with so many AYCE sushi places around. Still Sushimon has one of the fastest service and the most variety. I'll be keeping an eye on this place.
5	This is my favorite AYCE sushi restaurant. It's that good. But it's small, so if you want to avoid the crowd, get there early. I was introduced to it by a friend/former boss. I've been to others (Sushi Fever- overpriced) but this place is the best!  If you're visiting LV,  and you want to try a sushi place, come here. I raved about this place to my husband, and when he finally had it, he agreed. At first, he didn't like the time limit, but he fould out that it's not so bad after all. There is a punch card (buy 10 get one free) available. You can order half rolls (except Spider Roll). There is sushi bar seating (where we sit) and tables lining up the walls, but again, this is a small place. It's got a good reputation, so I imagine that there are regulars. (Note: there is a funny smell near the bathroom, so I am mentioning this if you are particularly sensitive to smell, do not sit in that area.)  Anyway, once seated at the bar, the waitress takes your order for the side orders/appetizers like seaweed salad, edamame, soup, etc. (Note: the list is huge so pace yourself.)  The sushi chef asks you for your sushi order soon after. Try the specialty rolls like Mexican, Caterpillar, Hawaiian- seriously the sushi roll menu is two pages long (front & back). Once I tried the Spicy roll and it was al little much for me. The chef kept looking at me to see if I would finish it and I did! It may feel overwhelming at first, but remember, you can order half- rolls. The fish is so fresh. It's so good. The service is excellent. Note: if you're ordering something that take more prep time than usual, order that first, rather than last. For dessert,  I like green tea ice cream. There were a couple times that I had so much sushi that I didn't have ice cream (And I love love love ice cream!). Lunch AYCE is $23.95 and Dinner AYCE is $28.95.I've been here for lunch several times. I ordered a lunch special which was pretty good and very reasonable ($9.95 or less). My friend ordered the chirashi bowl ($12.95) which she always has for lunch.
3	Hubby and I did the AYCE here last night and were sadly disappointed.  Hubby had been to the other location and spoke highly of this place.  This location being only a few miles from our house, I was eager to find a dependable neighborhood sushi joint.  The waitresses were nice enough when we first arrived.  There were no tables available so they told us to get started at the bar and that we'd be able to move to a table once one became available.  We ordered a few pieces of nigiri sushi while at the bar and then a table became available.  Once seated our order came out and we got all sorts of things we hadn't even ordered.  We ate them since we got AYCE and weren't being charged per piece but I was wondering if that was the norm?  After the nigiri we ordered a couple half orders of rolls and that's when the service slowed WAAAAAY down.  We were left alone for a good 15 minutes.  This is a small restaurant and we were sitting right by the register where the waitresses were constantly gathering.  There was no excuse for how hard it was to get any one of the three waitresses' attention.  I had no idea there was a one hour time limit (I just read about it on some other review below).  I was full way before the hour limit but what if I wasn't?  They wasted 15 minutes of my one hour by ignoring us!  The quality of sushi was so-so.  It wasn't awful but it wasn't great either.  The fish didn't seem super fresh but is anything super fresh in this desert?  At the end of our meal hubby said he wouldn't be back.  I don't know what other sushi joints are near Summerlin so I can't quite say never...yet.  I chose to give this place 3 stars but really I think 2.5 would be more accurate.
5	Great sashimi, all you can eat made to order so its fresh, and great service! Would recommend to my friends and family!Try the volcano baked roll....so good! The spicy tuna rolls were really yummy. And the sashimi was so fresh and so good. The baked mussels were excellent as well.The mesquite rolls and halibut were allright. And the dinner price was a lil pricey like almost 30$ per person. I think coming with a lot of people would maximize ur experience bc that way you can try more stuff. Also note: u can order 1/2 orders and handroll anything. At the end of the dinner, my friend and i were way too stuffed b/c we were trying to eat everything and if we had known we could 1/2 orders/handrolls that would have helped :)
5	The holy grail of AYCE IMO. This is the place I compare to all other AYCE. Fish is fresh and flavorful. Plenty of different nagiri, cut rolls, and hand rolls to pick from. Whatever sushi you are craving, I'm sure they will have it or something close to it. Lots of side dishes and deserts are also part of the AYCE menu! Whenever someone says, "I found a good AYCE Sushi place." I respond with, "Is it as good as Sushi-Mon." The answers vary from "No" to "Close" but never "It's better than Sushi-Mon".This Sushi-Mon is smaller than the other one (http://www.yelp.com/biz/sushi-mon-las-vegas#hrid:owGWHPWX2k4BruoxMgVNOA). Other than that, it's pretty much the same.
5	AYCE Sushi does not get any better than this.  This restaurant is a staple everytime we visit Las Vegas, and we visit a lot.  What makes this place great is that is has an extensive menu and the rolls you receive from the Sushi Chef are quality rolls, not that mass produced junk you would expect from a place like Makino which is left out for just anyone to touch.  This place is great because the sushi that comes out is made to order and it keeps coming at you for a straight hour.  One thing to remember is that the hefty AYCE price of $28.95 extends to all appetizers and desserts as well so eat everything in sight!
4	I love sushi, and I usually am dissapointed with the Sushi Bars out here. I don't like it when you go to a Sushi place and do the ALL YOU CAN EAT, and when you recieve your rolls, its like BIG...but only because they stuffed it with so much damn imitation crab meat you can't even taste the fish. Not this place, it's not my #1 pick, but its up in my top 5. They are open in the evening till the early mornings. When you first arrive there, you are given the option to sit at a table or the bar, if there are any available spots, the fact that you get to choose is nice, b/c other places i've gone to, they restrict the bar up to a certain amount of people in a party.(Has this ever happened to you?) Well, anyways. You can do the all you can eat, or choose from the menu.  So i ordered my usuals: Dragon Roll, Ebi, Unagi, Rainbow roll, miso soup, Shrimp tempura, Hirame, and the list goes on...and to my surpirse, when it was time to choose another roll, i ordered a half order of the Moon Roll. Well, the waitress got it wrong and gave me a half order of the Mesquite Roll-one mistake i will not hold against her. :) This is now my FAVORITE roll. Its a spicy tuna roll topped with salmon and semi ripe mango with a mango chutney sauce. SO REFRESHING!!! You should give it a try. Finish off with some ice cream and you're good to go!!!!!
4	If you go with a group of friends, all of you do the all you can eat. They won't let you share if you are doing the AYCE and a friend isn't.When i feel like having sushi at work for lunch, I always call here for an order to pick up ;) Its really convenient and ready to pick up in 10 Minutes. I usually come here for the AYCE special. You have two sides on the menu and the appetizers and ice cream desserts are also included in the AYCE menu. The shrimp Tempura and the Ahi Poke are my two favorite appetizers. I will usually order five servings in one sitting. ;) Great stuff. My newest favorite roll there is the Mesquite Roll. Its a Spicy tuna roll topped with Raw Salmon and Mango strips topped with a mango chutney sauce. This roll is refreshing and different from the usual rolls on the menu. The place is usually always busy when i go there to eat and the staff usually is very attentive. You must try some of the baked rolls that they have on the menu, its really good and I am starting to order those a lot more every time i visit. I order the Jason Roll: California roll with scallops and cream cheese, baked and topped with yum yum sauce. It melts in your mouth, but watch out, let it cool down before biting into it its HOT. and attempting to pick it up while hot is a no-go. haha unless you want it on your clothes...i would wait a little bit. This place is family friendly and don't forget to try some of the special rolls that they put out (usually its written on paper and pasted on the walls in the restaurant) Happy dining!!!
5	Try the spider roll = delicious
2	This location is not the same as Maryland location. Different owners. Ate here with my girlfriend. AYCE for dinner was $28.95 per person. Fish was not fresh. Quality not so good. The Maryland location is wayyy better. They're always busy so always fresh fish. My stomach was upset right after eating here. oh and desert not included in all you can eat:(
4	all you can eat sushi is a great deal.there's a list of all the sushi that you can order, rolls, side dishes, ice cream.  all for the low price of $30. their albacore is pretty good but not their cajun albacore.the quality of the fish is not spectacular but it is good for price.theres a 60 min time period for all you can eat.  i think i got my money's worth.i got two orders of ice cream. the red bean was good.the service is not too great because there are only two servers and the place gets packed.
5	I usually go for quality over quantity, but at this place you get both with AYCE. The Super White and Salmon Nigiri are my favorites. They will let you order half rolls, which allows you to experiment and find the best pieces for you. Be sure to order some ice cream, its great!
5	We do not usually go to other sushi places. But mine was closed and man I sure am glad it was. This might just be my new favorite place. The service was amazing. At one point we had three chiefs helping us. The quality of every thing was excellent. At one point I said how about you make me what ever you like every thing he made was awesome. This is now going to be my new spot.
5	One of the best AYCE sushi meals I've ever had, and it is the first & only AYCE sushi bar I've sat at where the food would come out faster than I can order.Their ayce menu consists of a bunch of nigiri sushi, special rolls, and some appetizers/side dishes. The gf & I ordered mainly the nigiri: Yellow tail, Salmon/seared salmon, and Albacore/Cajun albacore. The shrimp tempura was really good too.Although their nigiri pieces were sometimes small, I was never unhappy about the fish to rice ratio. It also didn't matter if the pieces were sometimes smaller - we sat at the bar and whenever we wanted to order something we just yelled it out, like "3 more salmon!" and in less than a minute the chef would hand us the plate of our order.Usually at any decent or good ayce sushi bar, you gotta wait a good amount of time in between orders, plus you're given a limit on the amount you can order at a time, and sometimes they even pack on the rice to try to get their customers full. Sushi Mon doesn't do this. They say that they give you a 60 minute time limit which sounds not cool at first, but when you are constantly handed plate after plate of whatever you order, I guarantee you'll be full within half an hour. At the end of our meal my gf & I had a 15+ stack of empty plates in front of us, I'll post a picture of this soon. Highly recommended you sit at the bar.A good 20 minute drive off the strip, but totally worth it for a very satisfying meal with friendly and attentive servers & chefs.Notes:*They don't put a full wad of wasabi like authentic Japanese sushi bars, but they do put a little smudge in there. I loved that they did this, since most American Japanese sushi bars don't make their nigiri with wasabi in it. My gf didn't like this, so she requested that they don't put any wasabi in the nigiri sushi and the chefs gladly did this for her.**There is another Sushi Mon more south of the Strip. We asked a chef if this Sushi Mon and the other were acquainted and learned that they once were, but not anymore.
5	HANDS DOWN BEST AYCE SUSHI PLACE IN AMERICA!!!It's SOO GOOD that I refuse to eat any sushi in LA anymore.  It's a sad story, but true. I always get the all you can eat which is now $28.99 per person.  But when you can order anything off of the apps menu, sushi, & dessert menu..can you really complain??Apps menu favorites:- Miso soup- Ahi poke- Shrimp tempura- Fried oysters- **SHRIMP HEADS!!!! *absolute favorite!!Nigiri faves- Seared salmon- Seared tuna- Uni [newest addition to my faves]- Hamachi- Ikura- UnagiEverything IS SO FRESH & high quality which is why I can't deal with anything less than the sushi mon standard.  It's both a blessing & a curse.Moving on....There are options that do not appear on the menu....oh sneaky sushi mon...trying to create their own secret menu!!!  I can't reveal ALL of them but my favorites include: fatty tuna [toro] & white tuna.  Both are melt in your mouth goodies!!I consider myself a pretty big eater for a small asian girl.. and when I come here I usually pack away 30 pieces of sushi [nigiri & rolls] plus all the appetizers & 2 scoops of red bean ice cream.  I definitely get my moneys worth when I come here.  Sushi mon will always have a special place in my heart =]
4	Went to Sushi Mon last night for dinner.  When we walked in I noticed how small it was (thus only the four stars)   Only 6 tables and the sushi bar . We sat down and decided to order. They have a really diverse menu, and you can order half rolls which is good if you are not sure about the item you are trying. The atmosphere is really good, and the restaurant seems to buzz  with everyone having such a good timelTried a Royal California roll.  This is a california roll that has been deep fried.  I can't even begin to describe the tasty goodness.  I think the crunchiness of the rice really makes this roll special.Also tried a mexican roll - very spicy  I loved it. shrimp tempura- extremely light and crispy.chicken teriyaki- so good and not too sweet.JJ roll - was extremely good and even had asparagus in it. This was new to me. But the flavor and texture was amazing.We tried the Alaskan Snow crab - VERY SWEET! it was good but only a one timer for me ... not my fave.I truly enjoyed how fresh the flavor and texture of our food was. The servers were great and helped explain what was in a roll. Or suggest a roll... or even answer mundane questions they probably get all the time.Overall a great dining experience and well worth the 28.95  for all you can eat...
4	When I first walked in I was thinking to myself , "No wonder this place has long lines sometimes ..it's tiny! The size made me uneasy but by the end of the meal I thought it contributed to it's charm. We sat so close to everyone that we shared conversations with the other tables about our Sushi and everyone was offering their Sushi to one another to try. I thought it was a fun and a unique experience in that way. I liked that the all you can eat sushi included desserts and appetizers for 60min. The menu is hard to navigate for a Sushi Simpleton like me . I don't order any sushi that has raw fish in it ..I mainly stick to the rolls with the fake crab . One side had the descriptions on it but the other side of the menu ...you are on your own! We had the Royal California Roll which was deep fried. I tried something similar before and I wasn't to crazy about it so we started with a half order. I love that you can do that because I hate when you're forced to eat the whole order just so there will not be an extra charge! I loved the Royal California it had a nice crunch to it. I also tried the J.J. Roll which had Asparagus and cream cheese in it ..that was also good. I ordered one of my regulars The Mexican..nice and spicy. We tried the Snow Crab roll (limit 2 per customer) ...thank goodness there was a limit! It was hard for me to eat it because it just didn't taste good. I was let down that they had Chicken Terayaki but no beef I know this is a sushi place and not a steak house but it would have been nice. The chicken was tasty and tender and the sauce wasn't too sweet. I ended my meal with green tea ice cream ..I was so stuffed I could only eat half of it.. I'm glad I found this AYCE Sushi place that is opened till 2am on my side of town ...it's comforting to know a place I can go when the craving strikes!
5	Definitely one of the best AYCE sushi places you can find in America. The consistency on the quality that they provide on their menu as well as the variety available is quite enticing to bring back heavy eaters like my party and I even if we only have 1 hour to eat.The trick as my group came to learn was to order as much as your heavy appetite can handle. They may warn you that any leftovers immediately becomes charged extra at ala carte price BUT if you are certain of your appetite, JUST DO IT.Another tip is regarding the limited items (meaning one per person). I only remember two items, which I ordered both of and are fried oysters and sake shooters. Now, if some in your group doesn't like (or can't) eat either of these two BUT you can and want to, ORDER on their behalf.Favorite rolls/nigiri/sides1. Salmon - exceptionally fresh. BIGGER plus was when it came out as FATTY salmon. OMFG, I had to order even more.2. Hamachi3. Miso soup (practically my buffet sake)4. TunaIf you like spicy, apparently, there's a roll called the 911. I gotta love our waitress that night when he dared one of my party to take the spice challenge. He looked like he was going to combust.Other notes: Last few times I visited were during dinner and although the restaurant was full, food comes out fast pretty quickly. Service is exceptional and a plus.
4	We just got out of the Convention and were rolling 4 deep with a serious craving for Sushi , So we rolled to Sushi Mon an AYCE Sushi Joint. We rolled in got seated in the Sushi Bar . We all ordered the AYCE . We started machine gunning in our orders and the Sushi chefs were keeping up. Fish was fresh and tasty. Decor was nice and they take Discover Card.Great Ayce . Open till 2AM.
5	Excellent unique and flavorful sushi and for all you can eat!Will definitely return
5	Everything was delicious!  Def worth the money!  Made to order.  So, it's fresh.
4	Went here with a group of 12 of us during our trip to Vegas.  Friend in the group had been here several times and recommended the place.  We called ahead to make rsvp and they were able to accommodate us with such a big group...so that was awesome.  The place is kinda small and our group took over almost of the restaurant.  The service was great and the waitress were nice.  Some of us decided to try the AYCE and the other group did the a la carte.  I went for the AYCE and it the sushi was pretty good.   I would definitely come back and do the AYCE again but this time come with an emptier stomach!
5	I've heard so much about this place, and my bf goes here every time he comes to Vegas.  It's $23.95 for lunch and $28.95 for dinner for all you can eat. Dinner is the  lunch menu plus a few extra items, including the snow crab nigiri, fried oyster, and sake shooter.  I personally think that it's better to go for the lunch all-you-can-eat, because it's just a few extra items different for dinner.  I'm all about the hamachi and the maguro, which are higher priced items.  So make up my share eating plate after plate of those items.  I love how their nigiri is very Japanese style, little rice.  I also had some of their rolls, which were good.  Their spicy tuna is good and spicy.  You can go there and order off the menu as well, but that's no fun.  Well my bf calculated how much we would have spent if we ordered all those items off the menu, and we at about $85 worth of food.  Good Deals!
5	Best AYCE sushi spot in Vegas. Service is quick and the fish is amazing. Definitely with the $27 price
5	This is where I lost my sushi-virginity. The place that made me overcome my aversion to raw fish.  The place where most of my paychecks were spent when we lived in Vegas.  I think it's obvious: I LOVE this place.  The quality is fantastic... by far the best I've had in Vegas and in LA. Plus, they have AYCE (all-you-can-eat) for around $26.  That's pretty hard to beat. Service is friendly and quick. And they're open until 2am.... Just when I thought it couldn't get any better. My favorites:1) Miso Soup2) Albacore tuna3) Yellowtail4) Super white tuna5) Shrimp tempura6) Tiger Roll- shrimp tempura, cucumber, avocado, spicy tuna7) Rainbow roll- California roll wrapped in tuna, shrimp, salmon,  yellowtail, & white fish topped with smelt eggs The tiger roll is a must. It's texturally balanced and has an awesome flavor combination.  The super white tuna is dressed with the most amazing ponzu sauce....  I have yet to find one that comes close. Sadly, they don't serve strawberry mochi anymore which was one of the best I've tasted. All in all, this is my favorite sushi place and I'm happy they were my first ;)
5	yummy!!  i crave sushi mon all the time because the salmon and yellowtail is so yummy!!
2	Nearly $30 for all you can eat at Sushi Mon is a bit of a rip off.  The nigiri fish is not very fresh. You can tell when ponzu sauce is added with the white tuna, red snapper etc.. You cannot savor the freshness of the fish when drenched with sauce. I could tell just by the hamachi which was served without ponzu sauce, it was not as fresh as from other places. And for $30 of AYCE with a 2 sided menu is just not as good of a selection. Everyone is probably sick of me comparing all AYCE to Xtreme Sushi but I really do prefer Xtreme. Everything on the menu is AYCE and for sushi mon, the 2 sided menu with a short list of appetizer list is just not enough value for $30.  In addition, way too much rice and I was displeased of the uni...it definitely lacked freshness. I did like the salmon skin handroll and the lasagna roll.  All of the concoction masked the taste but rolls were synthetically yummy.
3	Stopped in on Friday, didn't realize it was AYCE, but we rolled with it, after realizing our order would nearly be the same, and this way we could sample several items.Last Samuri Roll: spicy tuna, cuke, cilantro and topped with shrimp and spicy mayo. Very tasty, would order again.Orion Roll: spicy tuna, cuke topped with cajun albacore and garlic sauce. Again, very good.Oh! Philly: salmon, cream cheese, cuke deep fried. It wasn't a favorite I'd likely pass on it next time.9-1-1: Very spicy tuna, only a slight heat at first, but then the burn follows. Very good, but do have a drink onhand. Baked Green Mussel was recommended by the waiter. Flavor was good, but it was overcooked and a tad chewy.Cinco de Mayo: Like jalapeno popper on steriods... fried pepper, cream cheese, spicy tuna and topped with spicy mayo. Yum! Yum! Yum!Finished with green tea ice cream, creamy and delicious.Sushi came quick. We surprised them when we asked for our check. We ate quick and not nearly as much as most diners, apparently. We were stuffed, in any case. If I had the appetite I'd return for AYCE. The Cinco de Mayo alone might lure me back.
4	I'm keeping this one nice and short. Pros: - Great quality fish, not top-quality, but better than most places. - Expansive menu with plenty of creative and delicious rolls to try.- Friendly sushi chefs and wait staff.Cons:- Slightly expensive for an AYCE- Nigiri often has some problems. The rice has been inconsistent, ranging from being too warm/cold to be having too much/little vinegar. Also, the cuts of fish on nigiri tend to be on the smaller side. - No fresh oysters. AA-BOOOOOOOOOo.Bonus Points:- Fried Ice Cream- Hamachi Kama I'd find more things to say, but now I'm just being picky.
4	decent quality sushi for Las Veas.  The only catch is for the "AYCE" You have to eat everything-- including the rice.  I do love the sake shooters though. :)  They also have a huge variety of rolls to choose from.
4	First time to the west sahara location. I usually go to the Silverado/Maryland location (which is ALWAYS busy). Went with a big party at around 7:30 on a Saturday night. I was quite surprised it wasn't busy at all. They were just waiting for a larger party to finish up and we were seated in 10 mins. First off, I forgot how good of a quality their sushi is. I haven't been to Sushi mon in a long time since discovering Oyshi, Hikari and Island Sushi. After my first salmon nigiri, it instantly reminded me of why we always used to go here. Big, fresh piece of fish on a tiny nug of rice. Exactly how it should be.I love their salmon nigiri and their natto! Their natto is the best I've had in town.. its the kind that is from a tube.. not the ones from the packs. Don't get me wrong, I like those too.. just not for my sushi.I didn't realize that their prices went up to $30! That is pretty pricey for all you can eat sushi, when other venues offer much more of a variety. Honestly, I have been going to other places because they offer much more choices in appetizers. I'm not a sushi roll person. I don't care at all for those rolls stuffed and topped with random stuff. I mainly stick to the nigiris and explore the appetizer menu. Their appetizers... are not that great. I got the scallop half shell bake (something like that). I had a thought it was going to be a baked scallop in the shell topped with mayo or something. Instead it was baby scallops baked in a dish topped with a disgusting mayo sauce. I could hardly finish it. The boyfriend ordered the ahi poke (which i WAS going to order but didn't.. thank god!). I dunno what the heck what in there.. but it wasn't only ahi. There were other weird raw pieces of fish.. it was gross.Service was quick and the workers there were very friendly! The lady even ran out after us to make sure we got the punch card. I will definitely be back, but will probably go to the Henderson location!
2	So my boyfriend and I headed over to Sushi Mon on the recommendation of my friend [our mistake since that guy doesn't even eat raw fish] one day for lunch.  We both had gotten the All-You-Can-Eat lunch.  So now begins the critique:The fish was not fresh.  Everything had this soggy texture that comes from defrosting.  I work at a restaurant so you can't fool me.  Although the portions were decent, everything that had some kind of sauce was over done.  Our soft shell crab had so much ponzo sauce, it became overly salty.  That's the typical way of getting a customer to fill up on water and have them stop ordering food.Overall, this place wasn't as good as we expected but we still left with a full belly.
2	Sorry for the lack of stars.. It's only cus i've only been here a few times and that was cus it's the closest to my house. The 2 stars are mainly for this cinco de mayo roll I had. It was a whole green chili pepper. The taste was more pleasant it's looks. And the other star is for actually have PLUM ice cream. Other than that.. The price is too dramatic for my belly. And most of the meat here doesn't seem as fresh. Seriously, my wallet is more in pain than the tightness of my jeans at the waist.
4	the service here was above and beyond. our waitress was very friendly and offered us some good suggestions based off of our initial order. she came by frequently to see if we wanted to add more food to our order. food came out fast even though they were busy. other waitresses came by and topped off our drinks. this place would have been a perfect 5star if the price was a tad bit lower and if all the fish came out fresh. get the plum ice cream, stay away from the over creamy green tea.
5	Made an obligatory stop @ Sushimon last week during my Vegas trip.Another satisfying meal indeed. mmMMmmmM!My newest favorite app has to be the sake shooters!! I always thought they were gross because of the raw egg yolk inside...but I decided to give it a shot since I didn't know when I'd be back.  SOOO GOOD! I looove the addition of siracha at the end.  Amazing!!  And the sake wasn't bad either =pMore secret menu items:- White tuna- Sweet shrimp- Uni [sea urchin]- Toro [fatty tuna] Oh, & don't forget to get a stamp card.  After 10 AYCE, you get one free!! It helps when you go with a date that way you'll get there twice as fast!
4	Sushi Mon never disappoints. It's a nice, casual sushi restaurant. The sushi is fresh and the rolls are good. The servers and sushi chefs are all very friendly and nice. Prices are decent.
4	GreenTeaSmoothie!!!!Hell yes!
5	All you can eat sushi that delivers! This was about a 15min drive from the strip. It is well worth it. I came here because one of my friends said he always eats here whenever he comes to LV. The fish here was really fresh and soft. The salmon and albacore were like butter soft! They had a lot of rolls that were fun and I loved the spicy mayo in some of the rolls. They also let you order half rolls so If you didn't like it you' wouldn't have to down 8-10 pieces. The only thing that I didn't like was that the rice was a little hard. Other than that this was an amazing all you can eat sushi dinner. The sushi here for me was great and all you can eat made it even better. I recommend this for people who can eat endlessly!Recommendation: Salmon nigiri, any roll with cream cheese and spicy mayo, green tea ice cream
4	This is definitely a spot that I would hit up all of the time if I lived out here.  I do wish it was closer to the strip where all the action is.  We happened to eat here for their lunchtime AYCE special at 23.95.  IMO it's a great deal and it not only includes sushi but also hot appetizers, tempura, and even ice cream!  This place has its fair share of innovative rolls to appeal to the not so adventurous sushi eater and plenty of the classic nigiris for the traditionalists.I tend to stick to the nigiri sushi to start with and it was actually surprisingly better than I expected.  Don't get me wrong, its not the fresh from the fish monger, like blue fin tuna from Japan or toro, but its better than a Todai or most other AYCE places.  They even allow you to do individual nigiri or half rolls so that you don't waste!  What a great option.I have to say that I enjoyed the yellowtail, albacore and seared tuna here quite a bit.  The lunch special is almost identical to the dinner one and cheaper.  I guess the big bonus with this place is that they are open late for those late night cravings.
5	We were looking for a good sushi place in town, and we found this place on Yelp...sounded good so my friends and I decided to try it.Its a little far off the strip, about 8 miles, and when we got there around 8:30, we had to wait about 20 minutes.  It was worth the wait and drive tho!We decided on their $29 all-you-can eat sushi and drink for 1 hour.  Usually I wouldn't consider an all-you-can eat sushi place, but the fish at the sushi bar looked pretty good.   Besides ordering Sushi, you can order their special rolls (Dragon Rolls, Spider Rolls, etc), hand rolls, side dishes (seaweed salad, miso soup, etc), and even green tea, red bean, or plum ice cream.   You can pretty much order any kind of sushi except for maybe some of the more expensive ones like Sweet Shrimp (ebi), and there's some items that you can order only 1 of, like Snow Crab Sushi, Saki Shooters, Fried Oyster and maybe a couple more.  Everything was very good and the fish was very fresh, almost melting in my mouth.  Probably the only thing I wouldn't recommend is the Yum Yum Scallop Sushi.  I love scallop sushi, but this was actually baked scallop with shredded imitation crab meat mixed with an orange colored mayo...wasn't that great in my opinion.  So other than that, the fish was great....salmon, albacore, tuna, etc., The Snow Crab and Fried Oyster were excellent, and even the ice cream was good.  And they didn't put huge blocks of rice with the fish to fill you up either :)Service was excellent.  The japanese waitresses were very nice and prompt.  Sushi was served very fast and they didn't rush us out after an hour, even though they said there was an hour limit and we were stuffed by then anyway.  We easily ate over $200 in food (according to their a la carte prices). I was also happy to spend $38 on sushi rather than on a Vegas buffet.   I definitely recommend this place if you're looking for sushi in Las Vegas.  They also have a dinner menu so you don't have to order all-you-can eat if you don't want to.
5	The first time I came here was to try the all-you-can-eat, and my friends all say it's a great value-- but if you're like me and don't want to stuff yourself, go with ala carte ordering!This is place is perfect for me because they let you order HALF rolls which are also half priced! So it's four rolls for about $4-5 dollars an order. I love it because this way I get to try all the rolls I want without stuffing myself and still end up paying less than all-you-can-eat (but I always go with a friend though so we split the bill, usually around $20-25 each after tip when we have about 7 half rolls. My favorites:- New York Girl in Las Vegas (unique salmon w/ cream cheese and a lemon slice)- Orion Roll (i LOVE the albacore on on the outside)- ANY of the baked rolls (Flying JJ, Volcano, Volcano 2-- too good.)On an endnote-- the chefs are usually pretty friendly too and it's actually pretty nice sitting at the bar even when you're with someone. :]
4	I always go here for All You Can Eat sushi. They always give good service and also good food! It's a bit pricier than other sushi restaurants but I believe it's worth it at the end.
3	I'm not really sure I understand all the glowing reviews for this place but it just didn't do it for me. It may have been the boiling rage I had just experienced in finding out Kan Pai no longer offers AYCE that sent me into a sushi rage. Luckily, Sushi Mon is no more than a quarter mile down the street so we decided to give it a shot.At $26.95 this place was HOPPING. One of my main issues with this place is that it is very small and when it is busy it can become extremely cramped looking at their gigantic menus. Couple that with busy sushi chefs who only occasionally look your way and waitresses that have to be stared down for even a glass of water and I was already a bit perturbed even before trying anything.The rolls were subpar and their special mango mesquite roll just had some funky flavors going on and I couldn't figure out if it was tasty or disgusting which is a first for me. Their nigiri menu was plentiful and tasty, and the best roll is definitely the chubby roll. I would HIGHLY advise anyone against ordering the 9-1-1 roll as it is legit painful to eat. Normally when I order the roll elsewhere it is a bit spicy but nothing compares to having to eat about half the ginger in front of you and having to guzzle 3 glasses of water and STILL having the burning sensation on your tongue. I am going to have nightmares about that roll and each of us could only muster one piece. Eater beware!
3	Finally....Kuge HAS STEPPED FOOT...into the Sushi Mon establishment.  After being devastated from the news that Kan Pai no longer had AYCE sushi, Kuge was able to find Sushi Mon about 1000 feet away.When Kuge arrived, he noticed Sushi Mon was more packed than the his Smackdown Hotel.  But luckily Kuge and two of his friends were greeted instantly upon walking in by the friendly hostess and were placed at the sushi bar.It was as if a double rainbow appeared in front of Kuge as he gazed at the AYCE menu and what Sushi Mon had to offer.  With a great selection of sushi and nigari, Kuge knew he had to try many different kinds of rolls to get the full Sushi-Mon experience.Some rolls The Great One ordered:Chubby Roll - Phenomenal,  it was only a 5 roll count but it was a great size and Kuge had no problems with the roll.Sunrise Roll - Since Kuge isn't a great sushi elitist, nor is professional food reviewer, he is stuck using generic terms without much description.  But other wise, Kuge believes this roll had a variety of flavors and was decent.9-1-1 Roll - The Great One never takes spicy rolls seriously since he loves to pretend to be Mexican and believes he can handle spice.  The 9-1-1 roll completely destroyed Kuge's tastebuds with insane spice he never expected to happen.  Unfortunately the spice overcame any flavor Kuge would try to find.  Fresh Water Eel - AlrightThere were a few other "special" rolls that Kuge ordered, but he is sadden that they were only average at best.The service from the cooks and speed of the order Kuge received was great.  The staff was friendly, although the friends of The Great One complained that they didn't have that good of service which displeases Kuge.No worries though, Kuge acknowledges that he strives to create perfect reviews but even they are long winded.  So in order to please his fans:TL;DR - Kuge was saddened that most of the rolls he ordered were average (with an exception of chubby roll) and even though the service was good for him, he cannot give Sushi Mon  no more than 3.5 Rock Bottoms out of 5.  He definitely prefers Sushi Mon over Hakari for AYCE but that's as far as he'll go.
1	I cannot believe this place gets such high ratings. I walked out of this place disappointed and not wanting to eat sushi for awhile (and this is CRAZY because I could normally eat sushi for EVERY meal if I could). This first round of sushi that we ordered, was... decent, maybe 3 stars, however when we ordered more sushi the fish was visibly lower quality fish (especially the albacore nigiri). I tried it anyway, knowing sometimes I can be picky about the way things look, and I had to spit it out into my napkin. I've never tasted such disgusting fish. My hubby even had to take one of his rolls apart because the fish on top wasn't fresh. The gyoza was awful. I think the best thing we got was the green salad with soggy tomatoes. In addition, this place is full of rules. They have a time limit of 45 minutes for their all you can eat menu - which is stressful and annoying when you are paying so much. Then, when you don't finish your CRAPPY meal, they have the nerve to charge you for the leftovers. And last but not least, Sushi Mon also gets one star less for decor - they had pieces of paper all over the walls with items you can order put up with scotch tape. I'm not super picky about decor, but it does matter some to me... SO NOT MY PLACE. ENTER AT YOUR OWN RISK.
4	This was my very first sushi bar that I went to, and it was such a good experience!This place is very clean and the people are so nice! However it does get quite packed so I would suggest getting there early.but overall this is a very good AYCE sushi joint to go to, at least for beginners that have not had the chance to really get into sushi.
5	Sushi Mon is best all you can eat sushi restaurant hands down!  I am just going to lay it out sweet and simple.Pros:- Huge parking lot- Located off the strip so no need to hassle with traffic- Open until 2 AM, 7 days a week- Fresh fish / creative rolls- Has an extensive All You Can Eat Menu (rolls, sushi, appetizers, dessert)- Dinner for All You Can Eat is $26- Can order half rolls so you get a chance to try out every single roll on the menu- Friendly staff / customer service- You can order even when you are not done with your previous order when doing the All you can eat.Cons- Only 60 Minutes to do All You Can Eat for dinner!I went with the all you can eat deal.  Boy was it worth every penny. Make sure to read the walls because they have specials that maybe included with the All You Can Eat deal.  I was able to order the Albacore and Salmon carpaccio.  I was also able to order a scoop of green tea, plum and red bean ice cream.  If its on the MENU they can't say no.  Why did I even bother asking.At the end of the night I paid $75 for me and my GF.  And that's with a generous tip!  I am not going to any other place for sushi when I am in Vegas anymore.If your looking for fresh sushi, delicious Japanese food, friendly service, and at a good value, then you better sprint over to Sushi Mon!!!
2	Don't believe the hype. Drive 6.5 hours to Reno and eat at Sushi Pier!!!I've been eating sushi since 1984. Way before it was cool. It has always been my favorite food and something I crave regularly. So when I moved to Reno, NV I was excited by AYCE sushi places with reasonable prices and an incredible selection of nigri, maki, and appetizers. I came to Vegas for a job interview, which went pretty well I might add, and rewarded myself in a typical fashion, with AYCE sushi. I figured how different could it be?I scoured Yelp for a while and came across Sushimon and Yama Sushi, the two most reviewed AYCE spots around. I chose Sushimon based on Yama reviews stating that they pre sliced their fish and one person had seen cockroaches. I pulled up and the place was pretty full, good sign, so I sat down and ate. The only memorable things were hamachi Kama and tempura sweet shrimp heads, and they were memorable only because they aren't typically available at my sushi spot in Reno.  As a sushi fanatic, there is a price point at which I would rather enjoy the taste and art of well prepared sushi, than gorge myself on very mediocre stuff. And at $30, this hits that spot!Bottom line is people from Las Vegas should know what good food is, and this sure ain't it.2.5 stars for friendly sushi chef, hamachi Kama, sweet shrimp heads, and plum ice cream. They also get points for serving half rolls.
4	VEGAS.  I really not a gamling type of guy, and if I was, I would probably count cards and kick everyone's ass at the blackjack table.  I have a semi-photographic memory and remembering things is not that difficult for me.  Remembering this restaurant, however, is easy, even for a dufus.  Drive just a bit south of the Mandalay, and you will find an oasis of good sushi in the middle of nowhere.  It is located in a strip mall with Dollar Tree and other misc stores and the parking lot is huge and EMPTY.  Stuck in the middle is Sushi Mon.  Ya, ya, ya!  The fish melts in your mouth, the waitresses are cute, and the chefs are freindly.  This was a place recommeded by you yelpers; and this place didnt disappoint.
5	I'm partial to this place for their great service and food comes up really fast and they encourage you to order more.  This place is PACKED all the time.  Freshness is never an issue because of how busy they are.  They have a great to go menu as well (I love their mild curry over pork tonkatsu)   This place offers a stamp card and allows you to order half rolls (which I like because I can order more of a variety)  Although their menu is large, it's starting to get out dated. I think it'd be nice if they introduced a few new rolls on the menu and added some salads like screaming orgasm and, salmon skin salad.  I'm not so worried about them needing to offer sashimi although it'd be nice but it's not necessary.  In the past 5 yrs I've probably have gone to this place approx 80 times or more (I've lost track on how many stamp cards I've gone through lol)
4	Exe lent food. Good service. Only negative was there isn't a lot of seating b
3	I dont know what happened to this place... It used to be awesome food for awesome prices. But the quality of the food has dropped. I would recommend other places before this restaurant
1	i went to sushi mon in sarah a few months ago and I'm finally writing a review for them so that I can tell you all of the bad service and treatment I received there.  I went about 11:30 pm since I was straving for some sushi.  I went for the all you can eat and ordered the standard nigiri of tuna salmon hamachi unagi and tai  with some apps like yakisoba, gyoza, poke salad and curry rice,  when i got the sushi it was all good until i took a bite of the tai (snapper) which had a big ass bone in it which stuck all the way in my teeth.  i told the waitress of the situation and that my mouth and teeth was bleeding from the bone which i showed her.  and she went off to tell the chef.  what I noticed was appauling.  he was surprised that their was a bone in the sushi for one.  then nobody came out to say sorry or anything to me..  the server came back and said that the chef was going to make me another order of snapper sushi.. as if that was going to solve everything.  i guess they thought a new order of snapper was going to stop my mouth from bleeding...  well the chef never came out to appologize and after 30 min of waiting i got tired and asked for the check thinking that they would comp my meal and stuff.  Well I thought wrong.  they brought my bill for the full price.  this is when i really got pissed off.  I went over to the cashiers counter and I told them if they was going to give my a discount at least for causing my mouth to bleed from their incompetence.  Since they didn't even say that they are sorry or anything.  i then asked for the manager or owner.  the server said that they didn't have a manager and the owner only comes on the weekend. I then asked who was in charge of the restaurant cause there has to be someone in charge.  the server said no one was in charge.  I then asked to speak to the owner on the phone.  the server said that she can only call her at a certain time and she can not give me her number.  so I gave her my number so the owner can call me.  I have yet to hear from her.  so I will be calling her soon.  I have contacted the better business bureal and advised them of this situation.Oh!! and the worse thing is after I paid the bill the server has the nerve to ask me if I wanted a stamp card where if I eat there 10 times the 11th time is free.   I laughed so hard at them and told them do you think I would come back after all that??
5	of course i go overboard here but its worth it. my newly discovered favorite rolls are the sunrise and the moon river roll. its always good, get good service, and open just late enough if you ever get that late night hunger that fast food isnt going to cure.
4	I was partial to a different Sushi place before my boyfriend took me to sushi mon now its the only place we go! They have a variety of dfferent rolls and you can order a half order as well which is great for me! Everything from the simple house salad to there fanciest rolls are worth trying its all good.
4	An all you can eat sushi extravaganza. The sushi is good quality and for every ten all you can eats you get one free. I guess people go there a lot. The price is typical for Las Vegas Sushi joints. Almost all are All you can eat due to competition. This place always comes up with new things which is nice cause every time you go, you can get something new. The only problem that I have ever had was the wait. So, you know that it gets busy. Great place to try . Even my mom loves it.
4	My buddy Wo Z. recommended this place to me and the fellas. He's a big time eater so he deserves some credit & I trust his judgement. This place is no where near the strip, you're going to take a lovely drive on Sahara before you reach this place. it's easily missed in this plaza since it's kind of hidden in the corner so keep your eyes peeled.We were warned that this place gets packed so we actually arrived at 5pm for dinner on a Saturday during Memorial Weekend. It was probably a good idea to eat early anyways since we were planning to tear it up later on that night. The 7 of us all sat at the sushi bar. The restaurant isn't that big in general.We now had 60 minutes to play man versus food. For AYCE, that's the time limit. On a good note, they had unlimited hot sake free with the AYCE too but we passed on it to concentrate all our efforts on the food. Anything and everything on the menu was a green light. Wo said keep en eye for the items on the boards but I never saw the boards.I honestly have low expectations for Japanese AYCE period. Todai was great the first 2-3 times then you realize how whack it is. Fortunately, Sushi Mon wasn't as bad as I thought it was going to be. Plus they pumped out our orders with a mad quickness (made to order and not already rotting out). They have everything from sushi (cajun albacore is note worthy) to crazy rolls and you can even order ice cream (green tea, plum, and red bean) for dessert. I don't think the AYCE is mandatory but if someone in your party decides to go with it, I believe everyone on your table needs to be on the same page. Nah mean?Be warned though that some of the rolls are rice and kewpie (Japanese mayo) heavy and that's going to put a major road block in your appetite. For some of the crazy rolls (8 pieces) you may ask them to make it a half order. If the roll is 5 pieces like the spider roll (soft shell crab) they will not make a half order for it. Every creation on the menu sounds crazy but stick with what you know first. Play it safe before you venture out too far. Certain rolls like the lasagna or volcano rolls are way too rich and heavy. Those are under the baked rolls. I'd keep away from those.All in all, the place wasn't too bad. I wouldn't say I need to come back to Sushi Mon everytime I am in Vegas but if someone was to ask for a Japanese AYCE joint, they would be mentioned. The quality was decent and the waitresses were friendly. With drinks, tax, & tip, we ended up paying around $30 something each. Not too shabby. Bring that appetite if you come here for some AYCE sushi. Get in mahhh belly!
3	Not the best customer service, always busy, & is definitely not worth the price.
4	My husband and I have been coming here since 2004. We love it and enjoy waiting for a place at the bar. Sometimes it is an hour wait for the bar but it is always worth the wait. It is very busy because they have such yummy sushi. For being in the desert we are impressed for a Sushi place to have such delicious food! We always get the "all you can eat" deal and we really enjoy every morsel. Our favorites are the Cajun Tuna, White Tuna and Garlic Tuna just to name a few of the Nigiri. For the rolls I love the Calico Roll while my husband loves the Jala Jala roll and Domingo. Those are way too hot for me but he says they are his favorites. I think every baked roll there is amazing as well as the crunchy deep fried rolls. Now I am getting hungry! I am going to see if my hubby wants to go there tonight!
4	This was one of the first all you can eat sushi buffets here in town for me.  I love this place because of the quality of fresh fish, speed of service and location.  No need to worry, this sushi bar is a win every time.
5	I am only reviewing the Sahara Ave. Sushimon. As far as I'm concerned, this is the only Sushimon to check out. The sushi quality and variety of food is great especially for an AYCE joint. It's an awesome deal especially if you love nigiri like I do. I always get the salmon, garlic tuna and cajun albacore. AYCE includes their hot and cold green tea and desserts too. So save room for some red bean ice cream or mochi.The staff's great! Friendly and usually on top of things. They have a great system where all waitstaff attends to all tables. Basically, everyone waits on you and you get your food quickly.
4	All you can eat sushi!!!I came here to eat with three of my guy friends when we were in Las Vegas for vacation. We're all from Hawaii and 3 of my friends work at a sushi restaurant, so we know what we wanted and knew what sushi is supposed to taste like. I'm going to admit, I was satisfied. Sushi in the desert, who would've thought this place would be genuinely great!All you can eat everything! Maguro, salmon, spicy tuna, tobiko, ikura, ebi, etc. They also have a wide selection of rolls to eat from. Funny story, we were half way through our eating frenzy when one of my friends orders the 911 roll. It's one of the hottest, if not the hottest roll on the menu. It wasn't a tasty hot, like sriacha sauce or like a tobasco. It was a burn a hole through my stomach hot! I'm so glad I had eaten sushi before I tried the roll because for the rest of the night my tongue was fried and all I ate was ice cream :(Great selection of sushi for an all you can eat restaurant, puts all the Hawaii sushi joints to shame. Great place to bring sushi lovers and non-Vegas peeps.
5	Everytime I come to Vegas I always have to eat here.  All you can eat sushi and they don't pack on the rice!!!  I swear my tamago nigiri only had like 10 grains of rice underneath.  haha awesome!  BEWARE: the 9-1-1 roll is super spicy.  the waitress looked at us funny when we were going to get 3 orders..haha good thing we only got one because we couldn't handle it.
5	Let me just start by saying as a dedicated sushi lover this place is amazing! I try to go here at least once every 2 weeks, and it is by far the best bite for your buck! The all you can eat is definitely where its at at only $30 per person, and endless possibilities. I have been here over 10 times now and still finding things that I have not tried yet. The sushi chefs really take their time with each persons order and are always attentive to what/when you are ready to order next. I strongly recommend the New York Girl in Vegas roll and the squid AWESOME!!!!! Its like an orgasm in your mouth I promise! I would gladly drive out of my way to get to this favored spot over any other closer possibilities! Please just keep one thing in mind tip the chefs they are great at doing what they do and very dedicated, they deserve it!
5	Great place for AYCE sushi. Usually AYCE sushi restaurants don't give great quality of sushi and slices. Sushi Mon offers good quality cuts for their all you can eat menu. I've always been a fan of sushi mon. It became a must go whenever we're in vegas. Told all my friends about them too and most of them feel the same way. It's like a tradition now. If you still have room for desert, the plum ice cream is good too. They usually offer 4 selected special sushi pieces (you only get one order of each) offered at dinner prices, which is about 3-4 dollars more. I highly recommend doing that. Great customer services to boot.
4	So far, my favorite all you can eat sushi in las vegas. I'm going to travel to vegas again, and try out all the other new all you can eat sushi bars. Until then, this is so far the best in vegas.
5	Sushi Mon ruined 99% of sushi restaurants for us.  This all-you-can-eat sushi place was recommended to me by one of my old co-workers in Vegas, and from that day forward, we became regulars - regulars to the point that the host, waitresses, and sushi chefs knew us and knew what we were going to order for our first round!  I didn't become broke because of my horrible gambling ways in Vegas - it was because of the frequent visits to Sushi Mon!!!  Damn you Sushi Mon!!!  Damn you for being so damn good!!! *shakes fists*We LOVE this all-you-can eat sushi place where they make the sushi to order - it's not a buffet style place.  As Sushi Mon professional gorgers, we know not to order everything all at once the first time around - you have to know how to space out the ordering and the eating - otherwise you'll become full really quick!  The fish is fresh, the nigiri sushi fish to rice ratio is perfect (not too much rice), and the flavor of some of the sauces they use on some of the nigiri sushi and sushi rolls are amazing!  The service is good - sometimes the language barrier becomes an obstacle, but the food comes out quick.Be sure to order what you can eat - they charge you for whatever you leave behind.  It hasn't happened to us though.I can't wait to go back again!!!
4	Perhaps the friendliest sushi spot in town, Sushi Mon also offers a staggering variety of sushi rolls and traditional Japanese dishes (don't miss the shrimp tempura appetizer).All-you-can-eat sushi costs $23.95 per person and is a pretty good deal, considering you can order anything off the menu, including their delicious plum ice cream. You can also order any roll a la carte, either half or full orders.A tiny, neighborhood joint with friendly staff, great chefs and a relaxed atmosphere, Sushi Mon is one place not to be missed.
5	Cheap meal? - check.Great sushi? - check.All you can eat? -  check.Food made to order? - check.What more could you want? I accidentally stumbled upon this place while driving around my work area looking for lunch. What a great find! I loved the selection of specialty rolls and sides (green mussels, MMm!).
5	I prefer sashimi over special rolls. A la carte over all you can eat. And eating sushi in non-landlocked states. But I absolutely love Sushi Mon--I love it so much that I forgot about my distinct preferences and had both AYCE lunch ($24) and dinner ($27) here in the same week.There are dozens of items on the menu, everything made to order, including nigiri, special rolls, side dishes and rice bowls. I assumed the 45-minute limit for lunch and one-hour limit for dinner would be insufficient, but the human body is superhuman under pressure and  service is so fast it redefines fast food. The baked green mussels are out of this world. I must have had five on my first visit. I also can't get enough of the special rolls like the spider and volcano. The best part is you can order half rolls, so you can try more rolls. As if the menu selection wasn't enough, there's ice cream to complete your meal.Creative, delicious sushi. Great, friendly service. Excellent, unbeatable value. I'm a big fan. Soon to be the fattest fan.
1	Nope.......enough said.  Nothing like the Sushi Mon on the other side of town.  We felt constantly ruched and the fish had the consistency of previously frozen fish.
2	AYCE Sushi, AYCT Service  (All You Can Tolerate)A lot of the sashimi I ordered was chewy, which is a horrible adjective to use for raw fish.  The usual mayonaisse bathed, over-riced rolls were present too, but what makes this place go from average to sub-par is the service.Our waitress looked very irritated each time she came by our table.  She dropped off our food at the table next to us, and then attempted to bring it to us after the diners had been poking at it in confusion.  Items were forgotten and never brought out, and no apologies were ever offered.  My biggest issue here is that it says all over the menu, "We charge for leftover food, including rice, 45 minute time limit."  If you're going to impose strict eating guidelines on your customers, at least present them with a pleasant experience and decent food.  There are many AYCE places in town, I wouldn't return to this one.
3	bleh...the restaurant is pretty small so large groups beware...my group took up half the restaurantayce but i felt like i was eating all you can eat rice...yea i love my rice but not that much!service was okay...we had a waiter and a waitress poor girl was doing all the work..so we snuck in extra tip just for her...cause u know it's one of those all servers share tips kind of shit. baked mussel was bomb! i normally never eat those cause it's soo creamy and heavily mayo but here it was the perfect ratiodont think i'll be coming back
5	definitely my go-to place for AYCE sushi.the staff is always friendly and the atmosphere is casual.i love this place for the following reasons:1)  AYCE ice cream!! right?!! you can choose from red bean, green tea, or plum flavors.  or do what i do...get a bowl of all of the above. =)2)  you can order shrimp tempura and ONLY shrimp tempura.  that means, you dont get the typical 2shrimp:10veggies ratio.  if all you want is shrimp, then thats all you get.3)  you can order 1/2 orders of all the rolls so that you can sample all of the different rolls.  pretty awesome.  4)  they have a frequent diner stamp card!  btw, they have one of the freshest albacore sushi ive ever had.
2	cold unsalted edamame- blehincessant wait staff who wouldnt layy off us while we perused the menu.uncomfy seatingloud.. maybe i meant to say boisterous. I'd never go again, we fought to walk out the entire time.
3	Pretty decent sushi. However, I much prefer the Sushi Mon in Henderson. For some reason, the food tasted fresher. However, good place to enjoy an all-you-can-eat sushi place. Again, they include a lot of appetizers on the AYCE menu. Yay!
3	Ordered seafood combo for 2, enjoy the food, good size and decent quility.Employees are friendly and hrlpful. The only complain will be the quility of the tuna sashimi. It wasnt a good part of the fish, very chewy.
5	Moved from Vegas 4 years ago to Orange county and still have not found anywhere even close. I literally take their roll menu with me and point to the Sushi Chef to make a roll off their menu, and it's not even close. I can't wait to go there everytime I am in Vegas. Love the 1/2 rolls on EVERY type of roll. Wait staff reviews by others were kind of a raw deal. The wait staff is attentive, most places purposefully leave you alone so you won't stay so long for AYCE sushi. Love my Sushi Mon.....
4	This place is a great go-to for AYCE sushi AND ice cream! The service is fast and the quality of everything is pretty damned good considering how much you are paying for AYCE. They limit certain menu items (e.g. toro and amaebi nigiri) so beware when you order! The shooters and carpaccio items are good when you need something other than just straight up sushi. We got an order of the shrimp tempura for some fried goodness and were happy with our decision to do so. Don't forget about the AYCE ice cream!
5	Wow... for ayce sushi.... its amazing.  The quality of the maguro was unbelievable, especially being in the middle of a desert.   The Hawaiian roll melts in your mouth.  a new fav.
4	AYCE places can be hit or miss.  I highly recommend this place.  I have been here over over 10 times, and it is consistently good.  Yes, they do hurry you along, but this is not a romantice candlelight dinner.  It's a whirlwind of food that is thrown at you.  45 minutes later, you don't konw what hit you, but you are full and satisfied.Their fish is fresh and their rolls are good mixture of sauces and flavors.
3	solid 3.5 stars. i'd say this is perhaps among the best you can get in LV. i've been here several times when visiting relatives in vegas before i became a sushi snob and really liked it in the past. i still enjoyed my meal when i went today for an AYCE christmas lunch, but more for its great bang for the buck and selection.GOOD:- orion and salmon lover rolls- unlimited ice cream. our party of five AYCE'ers ordered a bowl of green tea and red bean ice cream EACH- these aren't on the menu and thus are limited to one order per person, but definitely get them! toro, amaebi, uni. unfortunately they were out of the uni, but we maximized the other ones- other limited items that are on the menu (sake shooters, yellowtail collar, oysters)- salmon and albacore were decentBAD:- edamame was straight up disgusting. it was all wrinkled like it had been reheated several times and the pods were chalkier than normalagain, it's an AYCE joint so you can't go expecting quality sushi. but definitely bring an appetite and your frequent eater card, and you're set!
4	This is the best AYCE sushi I've had.The rolls are very good quality.  Get a roll with "yum-yum" sauce.  It's delicious.  There are a wide variety of rolls so you're bound to find some that you like.  Most AYCE places I've been skimp on the quality and usually cover all their sushi with the same mayonnaise sauce.  Each roll we had here was different, but still flavorful.  They give you a good amount of fish with each roll.  They don't have too much rice and the toppings are generous.You can also order half-rolls so you can get a taste of different things without stuffing yourself on one.The best part are the specials.  The specials are included in the AYCE and are written up somewhere.  My favorite was the Salmon Carpaccio.  Their sashimi was very smooth and generous! They also had salmon collar and hamachi collar along with uni, snow crab, sweet shrimp, and several others.  There are a couple reasons why its not five stars:- It's pretty small (we came with a big party and had to split up)- The servers mixed our orders up with the table next to us several times- They ran out of green tea  and plum ice cream.- Our seat was by the door and everytime someone opened it, we got that cold Las Vegas airI would definitely come here again.  The food is great and authentic and better than any AYCE place I've been to yet.
4	So my fellow yelper and Vegas kama'aina Liza L. highly recommended this place on my recent trip to Vegas. I wanted reasonably-priced sushi and this place did not disappoint. For $27, you get an all-you-can eat array of nigiri, rolls, side dishes (edamame, calamari, poke, oysters, etc.) and dessert.  Also, in addition to hot tea, hot sake was also part of the beverage selection. Crazy! The quality of the fish was very good. Staff were very attentive. I appreciated the sushi chef asking if I wanted anything else when he saw that my plate was empty. Too good. Supposedly, there is a one-hour time limit but they weren't very strict about it when I went. I will definitely make a return visit the next time I'm Vegas-bound! Thanks, Liza L. for the introduction! :D
3	When it comes to ayce this place is ok but they did have toro and uni which was great and really fresh a+ for that.  We sat at a table and service was great till it started filling up waited for 20 minutes for my last order and didn't feel like waiting any longer so we paid and left but hey that can happen at any one of these places.  If I would have got my last order I'd give them another star.  The sushi was fresh and all but my last order was correct and timely doesn't always happen at tables.  Good selection of nigiri I've seen the special rolls at most places now.  Nothing seemed to set them a part from any other place but they 5 minutes from my house will I be back probably.
2	My boyfriend and I ate here for lunch and it was our first time at this sushi restaurant and let me just say that when we first walked in, it smelled like sewage. Anyways, the sushi was ok but we did LOVE their AH CHI CHI ROLL. for those who like spicy foods we recommend ordering it because it has just the right amount of kick to it.We ended our meal with their green tea ice cream which was very delicious!!!
5	omG I love this place! It is freakishly delicious. No matter what you order, its good.The all you can eat is truly that... ALL you can eat. The staff is really good, so the server ladies are fast to bring your food. The timed AYCE is a little weird, but understandable. There are, after all, some extremly large americans that can eat a whole cow in 15 hours....I think this place made me gain about 15lbs in the past 2 months. But hell.. its worth it!
3	If you can get past the smell when you first walk through the door then have a seat and prepare for some good food.  The ayce sushi for dinner is very nice.  They will do half rolls so you can try everything.  They also have fresh scallops which is a must for me if you wish to get more than a star rating.  Went here for lunch too and the lunch special portions are huge.  Very tasty and well worth it.Where they lose 2 stars is in the service.  And that is all I'll say about that.
3	I came here with 4 friends after hiking at Red Rock Canyon and we were all really hungry.  4 of us ordered the AYCE and 1 ordered off the menu.  I have not had much experience with AYCE sushi--I've only been to one other sushi place for AYCE.  We placed quite a few orders of various Nigiri sushi with some extra things like miso soup, shrimp tempura, and a few other things (I got a 4 piece Mexican roll).  The fish was fresh and tasty.  Service was good.  There was a misstep or two when something ordered was not brought but given the amount we ordered, I guess I could expect this.  My biggest issue with the place is that it is so small.  5 people at one table and with all the plates that were brought meant that our table was quite crowded.  This made for good conversation and sharing of what had been ordered, but I was amazed I didn't elbow one of my dining companions during the meal.There is a 45 minute time limit for lunch and an hour for dinner but the way we scarfed everything down, we almost had time to spare although we weren't watching the time and I don't think they were either.The red bean ice cream for dessert was very good.  I wish they had mochi on the AYCE menu.  Rather, they just had three ice cream flavors.I will come back and sit at the sushi bar--my wife is a hater of fish (raw or otherwise)--and I'll do the AYCE.  Maybe I'll go slower and really enjoy the meal.
5	if i could transform sushi mon into human form, i'd marry him in a minute!PROS:all you can eat EVERYTHING ON THE MENU!!! i seriously do not know how they don't go out of business with the selection and price value.  everything i ate was SO good! granted i am mainly a sushi roll person, there was all types of food not just sushi.  THIS PLACE IS A STEAL!!! it makes me mad they don't have places like this in hawaii...CONS:it's not that big, so (especially if you're with a group) be prepared to wait.  supposedly there is a 60 minute limit for your all you can eat, but i wasn't too aware of it.  hope and pray there isn't a fat family sitting on the table infront of you, cause you're gonna wait forever...and they don't take reservationsWHAT I ATE:(All you can eat for $26.99)- Chubby Roll- Vegas Roll- Takwon Roll?- Red Bean (Azuki) Ice Cream- I ate more but i can't remember...WHY HERE FOR YOUR VACA?:if you love legit japanese from japan sushi or hate raw fish you're probably not gonna care for this place too much.  but if you're like me and CRAVE sushi rolls all the time, you'll be in heaven!!! there is so much to pick from, you'll feel like your head is going to explode.  it is far of the strip (about a 20 min or $30 cab ride)...but if i go to vegas again...i am DEFINETLY coming back!!! with my stretchy pants...
3	I stopped in for a relaxed Sunday lunch and ordered a few things on the menu.  I ordered:Ikura nigiri.  My usual because it's my favorite and i order it everywhere i go.  It was nothing special and actually I was disappointed.  The roes were visibly small and very fishy which usually means it's not fresh.  Sashimi lunch special.  It came with 3 different sashimi (albacore, tuna, salmon(the usual)) but again, very fishy and really nothing mind blowing.BF ordered:Lunch special.  Chicken teriyaki with a cali roll cut, salad, rice, and some pasta salad?  The pasta salad part was a little weird for me but the dressing on the lettuce salad was refreshing and the cali roll cut was delicious.  The chicken was a little fatty so that wasn't good.  Our overall experience wasn't anything memorable.  What makes me hesitant on going back is because the only good part was the cali roll and i think cali rolls is little bit too standard for my taste.  The service was excellent but if the freshness of the food was better i would definitely go back.
2	The sushi was not all that great. The volcano roll #2 was disgusting. It was way too creamy & smelled funny. The only thing I liked was some Hawaiian roll. I only went there because my sister had a coupon but they didn't even honor it. The service was horrible. Every time my sister asked the sushi chef a question, he never acknowledged her. Nothing special about Sushi Mon. Bottom line..never coming back.
4	Got the AYCE sushi for dinner which was $26.95 per person. Sushi quality and selection were both excellent. Our order came fairly quickly during the 1st round but lagged a bit afterwards. Unlike other sushi places where all the sushi rolls taste more or less the same, the rolls here maintain their individuality. Get the mochi ice creamGet the mochi ice creamThey  have something called orgasm sauce. I'm not really sure what it is but it will probably blow your dirty dirty mind. Had to dock a star for speed and one of the waiters accidentally spilled soy sauce on my friend's pants. They gave us wet wipes though. =)
5	This place is deliciously amazing. Everything is made to order. There are prices listed for those who want to order dishes individually.  We opted for the lunch buffet which includes everything on the menu.  I appreciate that you can order rolls in halves because we would definitely not have been able to try the many other dishes.  The down part is, if you don't finish everything you have to pay for it. Thus, half orders are a great way to prevent waste.  The lunch buffet is about $24.99 and the dinner buffet (with the same options) is $26.99. Baked Mussels: WOW WOW. I don't even like mussels but these were so amazing! Make sure you are careful though, I grabbed the shell right when the waiter brought it out (because I'm an impatient pig) and boy did I burn my thumb, it was red for the rest of the day.White Tuna and Uni (Eel) Sashimi: AMAZING AMAZING. The only negative part is that every slice of sashimi is over rice.  And you have to eat all the rice or else you will get charged.Monster Roll: They make it sound like it was a ginormous roll.  The size and taste definitely did not meet my expectations.  Definitely a PASS. Don't even bother or think that this is a challenge. It is full of rice and does not taste good.Besides that, EVERYTHING WAS SO GOOD!
4	I would say that this is a step down from the other location in Vegas. However, it's still pretty good. The price is good, the variety is good, and they seem to have pretty fresh fish. It just depends on what you order. Unfortunately, they missed on a couple of dishes:* Snow Crab - stuff was NASTY* Yellowtail Collar - Super dry. Texture of dried chicken with the taste of fish.Now onto the good stuff:* You can order rolls by half order so you can try more things* Their hamachi, tuna, and salmon were all pretty good quality* They have two price points so you can save money if you don't need some of the pricier fish (uni, salmon/yellowtail collar, snow crab, etc)* They have really delicious smoothies (does not come with AYCE)* The rolls are creative and give you a lot of variety in preparation and ingredients.* They have natto (that gives them an extra star)All in all, the lunch was a good experience. It's just too bad they weren't as consistent as the other location.Cheers!
5	Okay so after trying this place some more I would say it has definitely gotten better.  I would recommend going here early in the week like Tuesday or Wednesday cause the fish seems to be fresher. This is a very affordable sushi spot and quite good. Can't really go wrong with $27 all you can eat sushi and $22 for lunch.
1	I must have gone on an off night... Everyone else on here seems to love this place and we couldn't even finish our food. I NEVERRRR send things back (even if I hate them) and I send back 2 of our 6 rolls. They were inedible and smelled like they had been left out in the sun all day. I am not kidding when I say I wouldn't feed this to my dog. The staff was VERY nice and apologetic about the food... I guess thats how they earned the one star I'm giving them.
4	Sushi Mon is the best place to eat Sushi ,Food are really good with good Chef's and they are nice .
4	Good sushi, tasted fresh both times I wentdecent prices, (one price for lunch AYCE, one price for dinner) good service, and easy parking (in a shopping plaza) off the strip, but worth the drive. :)
2	I don't get the 4* for this location - the other one near the Strip is very good, and we came here expecting the same. However, I had trouble believing they were even part of the same chain based on my experience.The sushi chefs here are not Japanese (unlike the other location) and so while the quality of the fish were mediocre depending on the type, the cuts were very poor. Some were very sinewy and unchewable, others you can tell were scraps. Even the eel nigiri had lots of bones and it even hurt as I swallowed it down my throat!The fish to rice ratio here was also noticeably lower than the other location. I don't get why they charge $2 more for AYCE but yet have a lot less on the menu? A handful of nigiri and roll choices were missing, and no mochi ice cream or tempura ice cream here. 2 stars for quick service (less crowded here), and a couple of the nigiri were quite good. Otherwise, our party of 3 all agreed - don't bother coming here. There are plenty of other delicious AYCE sushi places in Vegas :)
5	Best sushi on the west side. Real talk.
4	Overall, pretty good sushi for a reasonable AYCE price.  The fish cuts were generous and did not have too much rice.  The maguro, smelt and salmon egg, salmon, cinco de mayo roll, poke were all good choices.  The hamachi was not good, a little sour, maybe it was not a good batch.The green tea ice cream in the end hits the spot and good way to end the meal.  The service is quick and efficient.  The location could be hard to find as it's tucked away in the back of a strip mall.Recommended if you have a big craving for sushi.
1	We decided to give sushimon a try for the first time.  We had a punch card from Goyimon/Sushimon where we get a free meal. I called before we went while I was at work to verify if they take the punch card for both location and the receptionist said yes. We drove from the north side of town to wait a long time to be seated for party of 4. 2 all you can eat and 2 that wasnt.  When it was time to pay I presented my card with a free meal and the waitress said they dont accept that cuz its a different owner now. WTF? I just called. After explaining, I asked for manager and explained again. Asked for the owner and was told she's here but she will tell me the same thing.  I even mentoned the card itself has both locations on there and that's why I called to very and on the same day Im being told it's owned by two different people now.  The waitress says its been for months that way...  All they did was apologize and denied me the free meal from the card.. Basically, we drove all the way from our side of town for nothing cuz we couldve had sushi just as good at Sushi Tachi and didnt slap a lot of rice on their rolls.... Just saying..
3	Not the best. There are cheaper places with happy hour and better quality foods. This place is definitely a place for a quick midnight dinner after a long day. The sushi is pretty good and the noodles aren't that bad either. I say it is a pretty typical sushi bar.
5	I'm usually hesitant when friends tell me of their AYCE sushi experiences because I never think I would ever eat enough sushi to make it really worth it, but we stopped by here for lunch before our drive back to LA and it made AYCE sushi a meal I will definitely have to eat again! Why did we choose sushi to eat while hungover, I'll never know, but it did not stop the food from being delicious!We came right as it opened at 11:30AM on Sunday, it actually opened a little bit earlier too, which is also a plus. Came with a party of 6 for AYCE, so we were able to try a lot of their sushi & rolls. Their cuts of fish were thick and very good. Our favorite sushi was the salmon and yellowtail. The tuna also was not bad though I didn't try any of their other sushi. As for the rolls, we ordered the Vegas, dragon, rainbow, miles, and the Orion roll. They were all delicious, but would only recommend the Orion roll for those who like a more peppery taste. The ahipoki and baked mussels are also worth a try. I ended my meal with red bean ice cream; it wasn't what I expected, but was still a nice sweet, cold treat to end a filling sushi meal.For the service, it was pretty good. Did wish the sushi and rolls came out a bit quicker. Water was always filled and our waitresses got every order we threw at her, & it was quite a bit. In a party of six, she was nice enough to insist on splitting our check 6 ways too! If ever in the mood for AYCE in Vegas again, this is the spot to be!
4	I normally don't go to AYCE sushi, but the quality of the fish was actually pretty good at Sushi Mon. We had a party of 9, so we had to wait a little for a table. We basically ordered lots of rolls and sushi to share. We went there for lunch, but they let us pay the dinner price, so we could get some of their specials for dinner, like the ebi, uni, carpaccio, fresh oysters, oyster shooters, toro (was not good). My favorites were the super white fish, albacore, uni, all the carpaccios (albacore, salmon, red snapper)The servers were really sweet. They were pretty tentative, they were patient with our bigger party.  We went way over their time limit, but they didn't rush us out.
4	OK, just avoid the toro, it was rough and had no flavor..it tasted a little like rubber.BUT....and that's a big but, but, everything else was epic! This is one of the places that lives up to its hype; most all the fish was fresh and tasty! We came in a group of nine....a hungry nine after a long hike from Utah...that's like having 9 honey badgers come up to your mound if you're a cobra! They give you the option of paying the dinner price for additional items during lunch time, so we took advantage of that. It was about 30 bucks, typical AYCE price. Service was excellent. The girls waiting on us never tired out and they did an excellent job, alongside the kitchen, with keeping everything consistent. My recommendations is to try out as much as you can. Can't really point out anything that stood out more than the other; but they were generous! Ice cream included; definitely try out the red bean ice cream. OH YEAAAA
5	I took two sushi fans here for the first time and we had an amazing experience!  The food and service were outstanding!We got there right around 11:30am on a weekday, and shortly there after the place started to fill up!I also recommend the call in and pick-up...they took about 10-15 min to make my rolls!
4	So tasty. Love the ayce deal.  Fresh and great service. A staple on the west side for sushi.
3	I had the AYCE dinner which was ~30 on a thursday night. - Great variety. I enjoyed that I had the option of getting special rolls, baked rolls, hand rolls, nigiris, soups, appetizers and ice cream.- Special rolls are average. Fuji's in Davis is better. Too much sauce. good "meat" to rice ratio. - Salmon nigiri was subpar. seemed thin and not fresh. Hamachi was tasty. - Service is friendly. I asked to watch the nba conference finals, and they changed it right away :)
1	Very rude employees made unpleasant dining.Too long to get food served and water refill was never been easy.Also i got sick after eating here.
2	Food was good, I ordered the Teriyaki Beef lunch special. The situation started when I finish my meal and decided to eat the 1/2 orange (dessert). The taste was not sweet and rather bitter, then I realized the orange was rotten on the bottom, and you can clearly can see it from the outside only when you turn it around. Well, this can happen to any restaurant. I guess the reaction of the waiter was more disappointing than the rotten orange, once I show him my plate he never offer to replace the orange, simply reply with "I'm sorry about the orange" I was not looking for a free meal, I only expected the waiter to care a bit more and asked me if he can replace it. Well... I was charged full price; but they got $0 tip well deserved.Suggestion to the restaurant:If you fell most people don't eat the 1/2 orange at the end of their meal, simply add a plastic one just for looks.Train your employees to "show" appreciation for your customers no matter if they don't order your "All You can Eat"
3	All you can Eat Sushi. My friend was raving about how AWESOME this place is....And when we got there... even HEEE was like.. o snaps... the quality just went down.I mean it's all you can eat... so I can't really give anything less than a 3. But the servers were hella mad dawg'n at us (I have no clue as to why) and they were slow at bringing us our food.The only thing that was fresh was the Tuna that day. Everything else kind of tasted old. Iono... business be hard these days....3 stars. no more.
5	I think you have to come here and get the AYCE. It is costly, but stick with the nigiri (NIGIRI LOVERS) to be satisfied with the cost. The tuna, yellowtail, and salmon are the greatest in terms of quality. I believe the mackerel is pretty good for a sushi place (mackerel is usually oily and has a fishy scent). Also, their octopus and seared tuna is DELICIOUS! Do not start ordering rolls and appetizers. Try to stick it out with the nigiri.The appetizers are decent, but you can get better at Sushi Bay located in Henderson.The rolls are filled with different flavors and sauces (I try to avoid this at sushi restaurants).
2	I am an AYCE beast that can demolish round after round of sushi, but I was not super impressed with anything in particular. Usually there are a few items that scream out to me to get seconds of, yet everything was just mediocre. The selection of nigiri had me reeling in uncertainty about what to order. I did find some of my usual items such as halibut, Cajun albacore, ika shiso, inari, red snapper, and a few others. Most of the fish were on the drier side. I did appreciate that they did not over sauce the fish to compensate for that. The service was spotty at times. When the girls were around, they took their time with our demands, but after the food was delivered it is difficult to find someone.
4	Food was not bad but the the only bad thing is that you have to finish what you order. Especially the rice from the sushi, you had to finish it or else they will charge you extra for that. The baked mussels were good! Hot and juicy!
1	My bad for falling for all the Yelp hype on this place. Maybe if sushi scraps were in high demand this place could be king... service is good***, just beware of what you are getting. Our sushi chef was oh so talented at serving up thin slices of scrappy fish (that most sushi bars would trash) on large clumps of rice and big rolls with more hidden waste. Gristle and black stuff on old limp albacore (not worth the risk). So sorry, but this is not the place to dine on quality morsels of delightful fresh fish.
3	Another 3.5 star restaurant.Honestly compared to other ayce sushi restaurant in vegas I've been to, it's at least better than that one. However ridiculous amount of rice! They pressed rice really hard so it wasn't really tasty. Good thing was they let you get one order of uni (sea urchin) and amaebi (sweet shrimp) Their takoyaki was MEH. I've had much better takoyaki at other places! (But I guess maybe it's because this restaurant is ran by Korean people :P) Also you can get an ice cream for dessert! (I don't think they limit # of dessert you can get but not 100% sure about it) I tried lychee sorbet which felt like yogurt ice cream to me rather than sorbet. :/ Might visit again.
4	I honestly think I was dragged all the way to Vegas from San Francisco because the boy toy wanted to dine here. This is his all-time favorite sushi restaurant.The best part about this AYCE is that they don't try to fill you up on white rice. The rice is loosely packed, and with the way I dip my sushi in soy sauce, it fell apart. :) This is a good thing because I really just wanted to eat the raw fish. Yeah, I like calling sashimi raw fish because it is more fun to say. If you dislike it, then sue me. Boy toy and I were super duper disappointed that they no longer serve uni. The salmon roe with quail egg had to suffice, and its deliciousness almost did the trick. And the raw salmon was so fatty that it melt into my mouth. Oh, and the tomago texture was very consistent and eggy. Lastly, I was disappointed that the tempura ice cream was no longer on the menu. I had to settle for just ice cream. Get the plum ice cream, it is now my favorite Japanese ice cream flavor. The green tea tasted like vanilla and the red bean was too grainy in texture.
1	Been going here since 2011 food quality went downhill, tuna texture rubbery, not fresh. Not going back.
2	The sushi is below average. The place is very very small. So small you can almost smell the bathroom. Service is not so great. For the price you pay which is around $25, Its better to go to a better (same price) AYCE sushi place.
3	Hit and Miss.  They have bento boxes, but the chicken is consistently dry.
4	The sushi was pretty good. Nothing extremely memorably delicious but I remember leaving very full and happy. It is a pretty small restaurant. They have a menu that you can order from and the sushi chefs make it to order so you know it hasn't been sitting around. They have Asian flavored ice cream (red bean, lychee and green tea) as well as strawberry mochi. The desserts are the reason I'm giving them the 4th star. Lychee sorbet and strawberry mochi is a must. Had 2nds of both. Definitely a good alternative to all the buffets at the LV hotels.
1	The sushi was good, the service absolutely sucked!  2 of us did all you can eat.  Ordered two rolls and two nigiri, first round took 20 minutes plus to get to us.  2nd round took even longer!  Will not return.
1	This is a regular stop for us in Vegas...great price for all you can eat sushi (and green tea ice cream).  This time around was a different story...they brought us a tray of gray....yes, GRAY...fish and tried to pass it off as Toro.  For you sushi eaters in the know - Toro is like the filet mignon of tuna.  One of the girls in our group (who speaks Japanese) spoke to the owner and told her we were not comfortable eating GRAY fish...the owner replied that it was flown in the day before but we were stil skeptical.  No one touched it...not even the guys in our group who will eat anything. Sorry Sushi-Mon...can't bullsh*t the bullsh*tters...we won't be back!!!
3	Best lunch specialThe Lunch specials are great.. U get a big meal for your money.. I would recommend#1
1	I went to Sushi Mon after reading reviews that spoke highly of the sushi and service.  Maybe it was just the day we went, but the rolls all fell apart and did not seem to be made very well.  All of the rolls looked the same, and their was no presentation what so ever in how the sushi was displayed.  The rolls were small.  The fish barely hung over the rice on the sushi, and I have had better quality fish at other AYCE places in the past.  Perhaps I am a sushi snob. . . but I can't see paying for sushi that is not high quality.  The service was not what we expected either.  The waitresses forgot to put an order in twice.  We were there on a Saturday, but it was not busy. . . now I know why.  In my opinion, places like Sushi Mon give other AYCE sushi places a bad name.  I would not suggest Sushi Mon to my friends after our experience.
2	This place used to be great, but has gone down hill. The same rolls are never consistent from chef to chef anymore. They also are very wet and falling apart most of the time. When we had rolls delivered to our table that were different than what we ordered, the waitress argued with us about how "sushi works" and that it's an art. I pointed at the menu which clearly defined the items meant to be in our roll and she finally took the wrong order away while rolling her eyes. This place used to be great. We'd eat here about every 2 weeks for all you can eat at lunch. My entire office is never going back after the decline in service and food quality over the last few months. I hope you figure it out Sushi Mon, you were the only decent sushi on this side of town for lunch.
5	Spectacular all you can eat deal.  Quality is top notch.  Always look forward to going here when in Vegas.
3	Sushi Mon on Eastern used to be my favorite place when I first moved to Vegas a few years ago, but I never had the opportunity to try the one on Sahara. For what it was, it was OK. The AYCE sushi is good but nothing to rave about. The interior decor is decent and the staff is friendly.The fish are relatively fresh and the overall meal was enjoyable. We had rounds of the shrimp, sweet shrimp, yellowtail and tuna that I was content with. The Dragon Roll was also nicely made, not too saucy and a lot of eel, just the way I like it. It takes a while for the orders to roll out if you aren't sitting at the bar, but that's like every sushi place. For the side of town that it is on, I think it is a good destination. It's relatively close to the CSN Charleston campus so it might be ideal for students.
4	If you're looking for sushi in Vegas, this place is fantastic. A little off the beaten path for tourists (not a negative, really), the food was stellar.
5	I'm from LA and everytime I visit Vegas I go here...I love this ayce made to order sushi place! Sushi is so FRESH and Rolls are so TASTY & many choices! I go here w/ lose clothing so I can fit more in my belly. I always leave HAPPY :)
2	The sushi here tasted like grocery store sushi, which really bummed me out because we drove pretty far to eat here. The service was excellent and everyone was very friendly. I had a roll called gone with the wind which was supposed to have avacado, but there was no avacado, it was substituted with asparagus, which I did not care for. All the rolls I ate were dried out tasting
3	Two locations not the same owner...Some of the rolls are good enough but the lactation on Maryland Pkwy are much better. Aside from the food the service was very good, all of the servers were on top of things and my glass was always full.
2	Horrible service .. TOOK US FIVE TIMES to get a server so we can order. Now , on a normal day.. I wouldn't care. But the fact that they were up front so busy TALKING to each other is what bothered me . Never again ! Disappointed . I'd only come when I really have no other choice at all .. disappointed since me and my boyfriend have been coming here for 4 years
3	Had a few rolls, miso soup and Sake. The food was pretty good, but the service was non existent! No one asked if we wanted more hot tea or cold Sake. When I asked for fresh wasabe, the sushi chef said 'it too expensive for our clients'. We'll go to Naka Sushi next time.
3	For years, this use to be our go to sushi spot and the only place to eat sushi in Vegas.  The last few visits have been disappointing and it's been downhill.  They use to have the freshest fish and best selections.  Now there's barely any special sushi (like Uni, of course they tell us mid-meal, tons of rice in the nigiri and fish doesn't seem fresh or top quality - not the place it use to be.  Not sure if we'll be back...
2	If you're going to hit up a Sushi Mon, go to the one in Henderson. I'm pretty sure this location is where they send their old fish and slow sushi chefs. I swear, I am sitting here watching this guy move as if he's underwater. Maybe he's pretending he is a fish - maybe it helps him connect to his job on a spiritual level - maybe he just took a little too much NyQuil for that pesky cold he can't kick -  I don't know. All I know is that I'm hungry and when you're sat by the bathroom you get a lot of poo smell. Double fail.
3	I give this place 3 stars only because the food was good, as for the service the workers need to work on their manners as well as bringing the food out slightly faster.It took a good 10-15 mins for our server to bring out food we had ordered, so my gf and friends were just sitting there drinking the green tea float (which was really good until the ice cream melted lol)Long review short, if you want good sushi and don't care about service all the much give this place a shot, but as for me I enjoy having great service as well as great food.
1	I used to love this place, But lately my dining experience there have gotten worse and worse.  Sushi is sliced paper thin, the rice is hard and dry, and service is terrible..  For the money that was spent it would of been better spent for sushi at Walmart.  But a few streets away SIN CITY SUSHI (Eastern/Serene) is superb but only open til 11.  Sushi Mon R.I.P
3	Frying JASON roll (8pc): $10.95-- baked J.J. roll with yum yum scallop & saucePretty nice! Waiting line is pretty long too. Lol....
3	usually i go to sushi mon's sister restaurant, Goyemon, but this place is much closer to my house so i go when i need a quick sushi fix. Its a pretty small restaurant, but they don't get crazy busy. I like the fish to rice ratio for their sushi; they don't add a ton of rice to each piece of fish to fill you up. I recommend their monster roll. It's pretty good, and its huge!
3	Sushi mon used to be my all time favorite place to go to back in the day which was like 7-8 years ago which goes to show you that they've been in business for awhile. We decided to stop by on a Saturday for lunch. First thing I noticed when we walked in....it smelled like sewer! Yuck! It wasn't too busy but there was only one sushi chef. We started to order the normal nigiri....everything that came out was just alright....nothing too fresh.  95% of the rolls had spicy tuna and a ton of rolls had cream cheese in it. I personally am not too big of a fan of cream cheese with fish.  Overall, service was ok. The dessert menu only has ice cream included. This place is pricey for lunch and I just wasn't impressed. Sorry sushimon, but you are last on my list.
3	Food wz good. If you want ur food timely, you need to order at least 15 mins ahead of time. Service is slow, especially if there's more than two tables occupied. I like Makinos better. I get what i want, when i want it.
4	Good all you can eat sushi.
4	i really liked this place, the prices are reasonable, the servings are generous, the food is good, and the service is not too slow.
3	The baked rolls here were really filling and the prices were reasonable. I think some of the tastes/flavors can get really repetitive for people (with the mayo and the "special sauces" places tend to have), but I still enjoyed it. They are very explicit about the rules and expectations of their buffet option, so I wouldn't try to do anything shady if I were you. The servers are very attentive and can pretty much spot anything going on. I liked how they asked early in the meal how we'd like the check split (since most places in SF don't want you splitting the check at all or limit how you split it). While I was waiting for my friend to arrive, I had the Green Tea Dream Smoothie, it was really good, but it could have used a more smoother consistency. One of the best things about this place is that when we were done with our meal, we could conveniently walk over to Nothing Bundt Cakes and pick up dessert.
3	Good selection of sushi. Good service.Small restaurant.You mark a list and they bring food to you.Not on the strip, so plan it on the way to or back from Vegas.Ice cream tempura hits the spot.Bottom line: Not anything different or special, but a good place to eat sushi in Vegas if you crave it!
4	Good sushi but a bit expensive all you can eat is $ 30B
3	On a last minute late night sushi adventure, my husband and I decided to try Sushi Mon. We've tried to come here a few months ago, but it was a 45min wait so we passed.It was crowded at 11:00PM, we took that as a good sign. We were sat right away since most of their tables were finishing up. We opted for the AYCE option, at about $25/PP that's a decent price for us. We started with some nigiri and apps- -  I always order ikura (salmon roe) and my husband orders amaebi (sweet shrimp). The waiter mistakenly brought me over an order of  ika (squid). Honest mistake because I do have a Jersey accent and both words sound the same. I tried it  since it was AYCE, but really didn't like it. It was really tough like old bubble gum. The ikura came out after a few minutes, and it was good, not great though. it was very briny and almost too fishy. My husband said the sweet shrimp was very tasty. The salmon, garlic tuna and green mussels were good. All cut extra thin, but we expect that from local AYCE spots. We both tried their Spicy yellowtail handroll, it was really spicy and delicious. Not too much rice and the fish was rolled to the very bottom of the handroll. The hurricane roll (Shrimp tempura, spicy tuna, cucumber and avocado topped with salmon tempura, smelt eggs & green onion drizzled with eel sauce spicy yum yum sauce & mayonnaise) was icky. It was drowning in mayo. I didn't see that at first, so my first bite was brutal. It's $13.45 on their regular menu. That's not $13 quality. The mayo to roll ratio was overwhelming. I scrapped it all off, while the waiter watched. It was the worst part of dinner. And to think-- that's one of their "special rolls'. yikes. The Orion roll (Spicy tuna and cucumber wrapped with cajun albacore drizzled with garlic sauce) pretty good, not overly impressed though. The cajun seasoning was barely there and the albacore was paper thin. The Tempura icecream had soggy/raw tempura around it, It wasn't cooked long enough so that resulted in a sloppy and unappetizing mess. With sake and two AYCE the bill came out to $80. The price is good but I'm not sure if we will return. Although some was good, there are too many restaurants that exceed our expectations here in Vegas. There's no reason to settle for sub par food. I think a 3 star rating from me is fair.
2	service was great!  then sushi came rice fell apart when i picked it up, ikura had a very sweet taste (not common) my daughter who loves them could'nt stand the taste.other nigiri was dry, salmon skin hand roll had only bits and pieces. my daughter had just the the salmon off my nigiri the waitress wanted to charge me the ayce price! for her   WTF! did i mention the 45 min wait at 5:30pm.
1	Went to Sushi Mon Sahara on Mon, March 11 for dinner.  We are not casual or infreuqent sushi eaters.  Wife & I were visiting from Hawaii and we have a lot of good Japanese restuarants and sushi bars in Honolulu.   Haven't been to Sushi Mon in over two years. Man, something must have happened since our last visit here, because the quality, servuce and food  in this place was very disappointing.  An soon as we walked in, there was a foul odor like they might have had a sewer overflow problem recently.  We were looking forward to some good sushi, so decided to stay. Sat down and waitress came over to take drink orders, I asked about the Japanese beers if they had any REAL Japanese beer from Japan.  She spoke very condescendingly and said that " All Japanese beer are from Japan!" which is not true - it's all right on the labels.  Kirin, Sappora and Asahi all have associate breweries in US or Canada, but a few of the true imports are available in certain restuarants.  She asked if I wanted the regular bottle or the large bottle and when I asked her how many ounces were in the large bottle, she couldn't answer that.We ended up with a different waitress and she was very polite and friendly.  As usual, we went with the All You Can Eat.  The edamame was either old or overcooked.  The Hamachi, Scallops, Uni and Ikura was dry and dark (and this is an understatment) meaning that these items have probably been sitting out since lunchtime or worse.  My wife ordered the Tako and it was so hard and rubbery that she couldn't even bite it in half.  I looked over at the main sushi maker behind the sushi counter and he saw me and looked down - he knew of our disappointment and couldn't even look me in the eye.  Will never eat there again and will tell all our friends from Hawaii about this disappointing change in their quality.Funny thing is the next day, my wife spoke with a friend who lives in Vegas and this friend told her that they don't eat there anymore either for the same reasons.
3	Been here twice, first time was not too bad, second time for dinner was not that great, maybe it was a off day. Sushi not bad, service is not bad too, so you can get your sushi fix here. This is 100X better then Sushi Yama, which serves spoiled sushi. Go here instead if you want AYCE.
1	I love Sushi Mon, but this one is terrible. The servers were nice and accommodating but the sushi and the sushi chefs were god awful. They should be embarrassed to even call themselves chef. I went on a monday night, got all you can eat. Food was peer crap, they cut the fish up so horribly and it all had the wrong kinds of taste. Honestly whoever enforces the brand standards for this company should go here and shut the place down. All the fish we had tasted wrong and the many of the dishes were lemon like. We had all you can eat but every time we ordered it took more then 20 minutes.(place was not busy) We had plenty left overs but they didn't charge us because cmon, even they knew the food was crap and the chefs sucked. Funny how when I go to other sushi mon I see a diverse group of people but this one you see like 3 drunk people who, just by looking at them, wouldn't know sushi from dog turd.
4	The sushi is pretty good. I like their AYCE. If you like bananas and smoothies, you have to try the hanging monkey drink. It's addicting!
1	BLAND and GROSS.... Don't bother. Made me sick to my stomach
2	Two stars for service only. The food is very mediocre at best. My sushi items did not arrive cold, just "cool." Didn't feel well the next day. Price is one thing, but truly there is very little quality here. If you must go, I would recommend cooked items only.
4	Best all you can eat sushi! Full menu of appetizers and rolls available, as well as your nigiri. Definitely try the poke- or have two, as I did. It's that good! All of the fish was super fresh and flavorful, and there are some pretty inventive rolls on the menu- admittedly they're a little heavy on the cream cheese and/or avocado, so more Americanized than some people prefer, but it was awesome and affordable and immediately followed by a trip to the gym in an attempt to minimize the damage.Also wanted to note that the restaurant was packed most of the time we were there, but service was still speedy and very polite and attentive, as well as clean!Will be back! :)
2	Boy was I disappointed. Had all the run of the mill sushi that you expect an All you can eat place to have, however past the basics, there wasn't much. Food was decently priced.Service was scarce at best.Overall, the quality just seemed lacking. I love sushi and this place did not rub me the right way.
3	The first time I went to Sushi mon it was at the Henderson location- which was pretty nice. Service was fast and friendly.The second time was here at the Sahara location and I wasn't impressed.Fortunately the service is fast and the sushi is good. I had the moon roll which tasted great with the scallops and the eel sauce. Their miles roll was kind of ordinary but the salmon was fresh as well as the cucumber.The eel sauce by itself is pretty salty as well as the freshwater eel roll. The service was not too bad. It was about a 20 minute wait for the sushi. Their AYCE was pricey for how much variety they have. The decor was kind of old and a little outdated. When I came with my friends it felt like the space was small (especially when trying to pay for the bill) not a nice wait. Overall it was an okay experience. Maybe I came at the wrong time :/ If you decide to come order at the bar - the service is always faster!
4	i really liked this place, the prices are reasonable, the servings are generous, the food is good, and the service is not too slow.
5	i love sushi and by far this is my favorite place i have been coming here for the past 4 years i would absolutely recommend this place to any one who's craving quality sushi
2	If you want bad service & ok sushi, then this is your place.Don't be fooled by the yelp sticker on the front door! We arrived at 1:15 pm.  We needed service for 3 adults & 1 child.  We had to wait for a table, no problem. There is no waiting area. We stood there, blocking the door with our 2 infant car seats, toddler, & 3 adults.  Who's gonna wait outside in the 100deg heat?!   We finally sat down at 1:50, the tables had been clear for a good 10 mins before they finally sat us.   Another 15 mins to tell them we wanted AYCE, we were able to order some food.  Cons: SLOW AND INCONSIDERATE STAFF.  They need more help, 2 servers & a busser were clearly not enough for the busy lunch hour.  I heard the busboy tell the server we were ready, he simply said ok, I'll be there.  Then 10 more mins passed by.  Not that he wasn't busy, but he was too busy doing other things then to come & take our order.  Then he & the other server had to discuss which one was taking our table.-The red bean ice cream they served was old-tasting & old-looking.  My friend asked if she could get another since it was so ice cold, her spoon was about to become disfigured as she tried to eat it, but the server said that was how it came, "hard as a brick, sorry".  -We had to flag them down for everything...Pros:-the AYCE menu included hot/cold appetizers as well.  I thought that was a good deal. Be back? Probably not, since there are at least 3 more sushi restaurants within a 5 mile radius competing for my business.
1	Used to be good. Not anymore
2	One word: DISGUSTING!!The one on Maryland is wayyyy better.
5	Both Sushi Mon locations are good. This location has a little less seating and less busy than the other one. I prefer the other location to be honest.$21.95 for their all you can eat sushi menu, a ton of options. Really a great steal.Their sushi is always fresh and tastes great. Service is fast, food comes out as they are made and not all at once. Waitresses were pretty friendly.Fresh sushi, great variety. Some of my favorites: salmon, salmon belly, yellowtail belly, ikura with quail egg, baked green mussels.
2	If you come here, just order the New York Girl in Vegas roll. It's the only unique offering, and actually tastes pretty good. It's basically sliced lemon on top of salmon.That aside, cookie cutter sushi place #3583058. Everything is the way you imagine it. Everything is the same. Pricing is probably the same. It has been a while but I've come here a few times in the past few years and vowed (I feel like I'm in a movie script) never to go again. They held my credit card as a hostage because someone I knew in the restaurant apparently didn't pay. Unrelated to me, and yet held me accountable. Logical.I have little else to say. If you've had AYCE before, here's yet another gas station-like convenient location to get it when you have a craving. Or just... you know... go down the street to Sushi Fever.
4	I always love coming into this sushi spot. Ben & Tony are awesome and knowledgeable about the fish your eatting. I would say go into Sushi Mon and enjoy their great sushi. I have to say the only disappointment is they stopped free saki in certain days.
5	Whenever I get the sushi bug, this is where I go. Let's face it. Sushi is expensive.  $2 or 3 per piece is a bit spendy IMO, but hey, that's pretty much average cost for nigiri.  And I am a hungry boy.  I am there to taste the fish, so I generally don't order rolls, much less dip my fish bits in soy sauce.  That said, I usually do all you can eat ($28-30 dinner, 1 hour), and for that price I think the quality of the fish is quite good.  For starters, I usually get about ten pieces yellowtail (which is my fave and always good here) and 6-8 pieces garlic tuna (also snacktastic!)  That alone pays for the AYCE.   Other faves are tamago, the grilled eel (unagi), and salmon.  They also have a nice variety of sides included on the menu, and I usually get at least  three or four things including shrimp tempura, gyoza, miso soup and sometimes a seaweed salad or ahi poki.  To satisfy my sweet tooth, I get a green tea ice cream and a lychee sherbet, because honestly, why make tough decisions when I can have it both ways!  Sometimes a mochi too.When I finally put the sticks down I've generally put away about $80 worth of food.  Cuz that's how I roll.  (Get it, ha!)  Not bad for $30...I always sit at the bar and the chefs are attentive and speedy.  The waitresses, even though they are focused on waiting tables, are usually pretty good about getting your drinks, side orders, and clearing empty dishes.  The place is kinda small, little decor and you may wait a bit on the weekendsIf you are looking for the BEST sushi in town, this probably isn't the place for you.  If you need a fish fix and want to save a few clams (another ha!) I say charge it.
2	Gone downhill!   It used to be one of our favorites for AYCE sushi. We would go almost once a week but slowed down the frequency when we thought their quality was slipping. We noticed a big change with the new management.  Place looks old and bathrooms need cleaning. The food was really disappointing. None of the fish seemed all that fresh although the tempura was still good. If you loved the old Sushi Mon, you may be disappointed with the changes as they are not for the better.
3	I used to eat here all the time.. Seems like their service has gone down. We have been waiting for our rolls for at least 10 mins per roll. We mass ordered about 5 rolls to get us going since they are kind of busy. However, they ended up bringing us 1 by 1. You have a 1 hour limit to eat and order so I hope they will not kick us out since we have been waiting. The food, food is ok. Rolls are loosely rolled. Some places tend to tightly roll their sushi so that's what we enjoy. It's decently fresh.My recommendation is to eat at the bar. Do not request a booth unless you want to wait on your food for a long time.
4	I have to update my review. I recently tried the new location and it seems to be a better than the first time I have been there. Maybe they changed management or kitchen staff? Their food and service is definitely better now than at the prior location. Thank you Sushi Mon for not disappointing me the second time :)
1	We have been coming here for over 5 years and at least once a week. This was my husbands favorite place to eat. He has stage 4 cancer and never eats unless its here. We came in for lunch last week as usual and got the all you can eat as usual. When we asked for the bill at the end the waitress asked my husband to eat the last half of spoonful of rice on his plate or they will charge him. He said he was too full and thought they were joking. the manager came over and said he must take the last bite of rice. I told him to charge me and well never come back again. Manager said no problem and charged me $3.00. BTW i paid $3.00 for my 2 year olds lunch (its the kids meal price for 2 years olds which she got a full bowl of rice and chicken..We will never ever go back there again. They are cold hearted people!
3	I am going to agree with the review of Juddi L. This was a must for my entire family, visitors, business associates, and I  would sing it's praises for years.  I felt it was as good as it gets.   Then, it changed owners.The new owner, a Japanese lady, watches every serving and every thing the Chefs do. One by one, the good chefs left. Things got worse;I was living in Maui, and used to fly back on Hawaiian Air every six weeks. I would send the crew from Hawaiian Air and every Islander I knew, to this place. One night, I came in and the owner thanked me for all the people I sent. To reward me, I asked if I could substitute seaweed salad for my Miso Soup, with my Sushimi Dinner. She said, "That's expensive, and I would have to pay extra". Bottom line; My son's girl friend called Sushi Mon "the Mc Donald's of Sushi".  She was right.  Read my review of Jjanga Japanese Grill. It's better quality, a little less money, and superior quality and service.Also, you won't have to wait long for a table or seat at the bar. This place has seen it's best days, and now rides on past reputation.
4	This was out first time here.My bf & I were in town from HI. We heard about this place from family, so we figured we'd check it out...The service was fast and friendly & their fish was fresh, like back home.I'd definitely return.
1	This place was the best in town for years. It had two amazing qualities. Value and quality. Now you get better value out of grocery store sushi with the small serving sizes. Secondly the quality of the fish has gone down greatly. Not nearly as fresh now. I am assuming because less people are coming so they must be saving the fish. Save your money and go somewhere else.
