5	So I've never written a review of this place, but it's usually my next to last stop in Vegas on a night out. (The last being the White Cross Diner) This is a real-deal peep show. I know, I know...it's listed as a "video store" but really, if you're looking for porn or sex toys there's some WAY better places for that. Now, let's be clear about this for you tourists....this is in no way a nice place...I'm a lover of things seedy, and this is definitely seedy....you'll probably want a few drinks for courage before you go.  Don't leave  your cameras in your car...stuff like that. That being said, there's few of these places around, and I try to hit them whenever I can. The girls here can be super hot or super scary...you'll never know til you put your dollar in the machine and the window goes up...be nice to the girls and the staff ....really
2	Yikes.  Just yikes.  As a porn shop with a live peep show nudie booths, I expected the place to be a little seedy but fun.  But wow.  This place scrapes the bottom of the barrel.  The girls look like they've fallen on hard times years ago and have been doing crystal meth ever since.  Now they dance here.  To be fair, drugs and worn out women are a central fixture in the world of strip clubs.  But I have never been in a business that wears this truth so visibly.  The women here are hurting and not disguising it at all.  I dropped a few dollars out of pity and moved on.
4	This place is right next to The Gold and Silver Pawn shop (aka Pawn Stars).Showgirl Video is defiantly an interesting place. I appreciate that they don't pretend porn is "classy". They have more porn DVD than I have ever seen anywhere else. It totally "old skool". But there is something refreshing about the the unpretentious nature of the place. They have a peepshow with live girls, Seriously, if you tip them a dollar; they will  show you everything. It is fascinating. The dancers were better than I had expected them to be. They didn't have the total "stripper' look. But they were all pleasant.
5	If you want to experience the REAL Vegas, go north on the Strip til you pass the Stratosphere. That's when the REAL fun starts: strip clubs, porn stores, pawn shops and derelicts! Don't be a puss -- check it out!The jewel of this portion of LV Blvd is Showgirl Video, an adult store with a moderate-to-severe case of the grunge. Bare concrete floors, rack and racks of DVDs with titles like "German Piss-Orgy," dirty magazines and an assortment of dildos, dongs and pocket pussies to enjoy them with.The walls are lined with ass- and tit-imprints from some of the world's biggest names in porn -- just like at Hollywood's Chinese Theater! Even better, in the back of the store, you can pay $1 to go through a turnstile to a little peepshow area. A marquee shows you who's dancing today -- usually about 4 different girls. Then enter a booth, insert $5, and the shade goes up to reveal who's on duty at that particular moment. It's like a crapshoot -- will it be a scabrous Russian? A meth-addled Floridian?? You never know at Showgirl!!If the girl really turns your crank, you can pay extra and take her down the hall to the Private Peep area: a series of little booths where she will dance for your eyes only. A menu is posted out front: "Anal $60, Anal w/toy $80," etc. It's a riot!All in all, a truly unforgettable experience. And, girls -- if you're down on your luck, they'll let ANYONE dance here...even just for a day or two. On my visit, the manager told me about these two co-eds from Colorado on Spring Break, who had lost all their money gambling and needed to earn cash to get home. They wandered into Showgirl with their bikinis, and in three short days they had earned bus fare back to Denver.This little parable tells me one of two things.. either the bus is a LOT more expensive than I remembered... or there ain't much money in peepshow dancing!!!
5	Adult bookstore and peep show.  Yes, a real peep show.  Drop in your dollar and the window opens up and a live girl dances behind the glass.  It's dirty, nasty, skuzzy, and if you'll wait through a couple girls - you see some surprisingly wild things done by surprisingly attractive women for a surprisingly low price.  Let it be said: Everyone there is a perv, including you now too.
2	Unlike seattle and some spots in Portland I have yet to discover, this place on a one on one basis is primitive.It has a nice guy that works there, and not too far across the street there is a 20 dollar cover charge Adult Palace that doesn't open until 4 p.m, so since it opens EARLY, this place gets a star. man, experiencing better must not be too hard to do.
1	I can handle the the fact the place is run down, smelled of cigarettes and is a adult orientated business, heck I choose to go there "check it out" but, I do expect some customer service. I stopped in in the middle of the day and didn't even get a hello from the clerk. I browsed around looked at the various items all while the clerk watched. He then went back towards the Peep show area when lunch for one the dancers arrived. Seeing that costumers where invisible to the staff I left. There are much better and more friendly places in the Las Vegas area to go.
1	I'll admit, I've came here several times, in fact I was almost a regular. But every time I came, the strippers at the peep show just kept getting uglier and uglier. But it has completely sunk downhill now. In my last visit, there were only 3 dancers and all 3 of them looked like they were anorexic, being anorexic skinny, saggy breasts and one of them was even really old with stretch marks and open cuts (ewww) and scars all over her body and old skin. Usually, this place is the home of the ugly, scar-covered anorexic crackhead strippers. And on top of that, they didn't even know how to dance right. And plus, the adult store is unorganized and old Vietnam veterans for staff. Definitely, never coming here again. You're a lot better off going to the Deja Vu Love Boutique at Tropicana avenue for the adult store and Talk of the Town for the nude dancers.
2	Tip: Bring $1 BillsThis place is very run down in an area right next to the "Pawn Stars" Pawn Shop. The place has rows and rows of porn and "toys" available as well as some private videos rooms where you can "sample videos".However the main attraction here is the "peep show" that this place offers. They usually have a sign saying who's on "dancing". Now the way it works is: you have to pay $1 to enter the Peepshow Area then another $1 to view the girls "working". Now as soon as you place a dollar the blinds open and the timer starts. You can keep putting in dollars to keep the blinds open but that's entirely optional. You can tip em in the end or during and they'll shake what they got just in front of you. They also offer other "services" though its pretty steep for "everything" according to the sign.Personally its not my cup of tea. The girls arent really into the dancing and its a luck of a draw who you're going to get and honestly it's been getting worse everytime I go in, BUT its a tradition for my group of friends and its worth a look for at least once in your life. Overall I'll come back....but I won't like it.P.S My friend Tony loves this place and wants this to be the first stop every time we hit vegas!
5	A Las Vegas staple. Short on $$?  Want to see naked ladies?  (Through a foggy window). This place is it. Bring your friends. Keep our economy rolling.
