5	Roy's is a great mix of pristine sushi,  steakhouse and wine. Try the kalamari appitizer and be amazed.
5	This is the first Roy's that I ever went to and I was VERY impressed. Every course was dynamic, interesting and delicious. I still day-dream about the perfectly done, chocolate souffle. I've had so many of the things here at different restaurants with bigger-price tags and I don't think they ever come quite close.
4	We went to Roy's on the advice of a friend and were impressed! The Kobe beef sushi appetizer was "melt-in-your-mouth" amazing and the Mai Tais were yummy!   Hard to believe that this is a chain!  The cuisine was not "vanilla" and service was outstanding!
4	An equally impressive version of the Hawaiian classic.  Great sushi, entrees, and drinks.
5	Great food. The service and management were very friendly. And hey, any place with flaming torches is good with me.Do the desert!
4	i was always hesitant to go to asian-fusion restaraunts.  i think it's pretty damn good.  also, this is the only hawaiian fusion restaurant i know of.  the decor is beautiful.  you have a variety of places to eat...the bar, the open dining area, the counter area where you can view the cooking, and some private rooms.  i have to say the service has always been spectacular at this location whether i'm there for a big loud business presentation or a private dinner.  i love it when the wait staff put the napkins on you.  the poketini is probably the best thing on their menu.  this time i worked on the sweet and spicy wood grilled szechuan baby-back ribs.  that meat was tender, it came off the bone so easily that you can use a fork to remove it from the bone.  i also loved how my nose tickled from the the pungent spicy soy mustard butter on  the blackened ahi.  they even gave us toothpicks after the appetizer.  why?  probably to make sure that we dont have big chunks of dark meat in between our teeth while we're conversating for the rest of the dinner.  nice touch.   for some odd reason i always end up getting the Roasted Macadamia Nut Mahi Mahi.  i just love how light and moist that fish is and with the crunch for the roasted macadamia nut.  it doesnt have a lot of flavor, but that fish is so yummy.  for dessert i always enjoy the Melting Hot Chocolate Souffl.  i dont think i have to explain this one...it's hella gooey good!!!
4	VIsited the Charleston location last summer. The place truly felt Hawaiian. Palm trees sway outside with the summer breeze. Along the side of the restaurant, the tiki toarches burn as they beacon you to the main door. The interior, of course as you would expect, is Hawaiian - nothing particularty striking but I found the dining area to be dark. The diners - mostly older peeps - in keeping with the Hawaiian spirit even sport Hawaiian shirts.  Inside you'd really feel the Hawaiian hospitality. Everyone was nice and pleasant. :)My cousin who is a line cook here hooked us up with some good stuff.Appys:Wow everything looked tasty...and they were. Definitely try the Shrimp on a Stick with Wasabi Cocktail Sauce, Island Ahi Poke, and the Pork & Shrimp Lumpia is perfect. Wasn't very impressed with the Crisped Seafood Potstickers and the Wood Grilled Szechuan Spiced Baby Back PorkEntree:Hibachi Style Grilled Salmon. Glilled to perfection and comes with a decent portion. And to compliment this meal was a bottle of B.R. Cohn "Silver Label" North Coast Cabernet Sauvignon 2003. $60/ bottle here, $19 at any BevMo. It was  recommended by the sommelier and it was a perfect match. ...and she was nice enough to come by and offer another bottle after me and my cousin guzzle it like milk.Dessert:This was my favorite. Everything was served a la mode. Definitely try the Melting Hot Chocolate Souffl, The Caramel Macadamia Nut Almond Tart with Vanilla Bean ice cream was interesting and the macadamia carrot cake with a sour cream maple glaze was wonderful.
3	Yea...uhm Whoever has been to Hawaii, knows that this is not Hawaiian food. This is Hawaiian fusion. Uhm Where's my LocoMoco or my kahlua pig. Even better yet. a bowl of freakin rice.  Yea if I wasn't tricked to this place being hawaiian food I would have probably rated it higher. I just missed real Hawaiian food. Poke is good if it's done right. I miss Trader Vic's or even real home cookin like Bruddah's in LA! Yea baby. Well Aloha Kitchen is good home cookin hawaiian food. Maybe I'll go review that....Ok so 3 stars because I was TRICKED like a John looking for a 25 dolla fix.
4	I really liked this place. Everyone working there was snappy and professional, from the valet parking on. The decor was not over done, the room was full but not loud, and the service was flawless. I had medallions of Filet Mignon stuffed with Boursin cheese, and it was really, really good. The bad thing about living in a city with so many great restaurants is that I hesitate to go someplace twice because there are so many places to try, but I am looking for an excuse to go to Roy's again.
4	This was my second visit to a Roy's (first was in L.A.).  Both times I've been treated to dinner, so it's kinda hard to give negative feedback on a free meal, but for the sake all my fellow yelpers, I have to say that if I was paying, I'd be disappointed.  On this most recent visit I asked the waiter about the scallops and was told there were six served over risotto, but only four arrived on my dish and to tell you the truth it's a small portion for the price, so I brought this to the attention of my server and was provided with two more, but the point is that it's just not that satisfying for the price.  I mean I'll be back because I still have a couple of free coupons for appetizers and drinks from the L.A. visit where they messed up our groups order.  Has Roy's gotten too big too quickly? I mean there are 34 locations in less than 20 years, you have to give something up when you grow that quickly.
3	I've been to many a Roy's in my day and while the overall restaurant usually gets a 4-star rating in my book, this location gets 3 stars.  The food was good, but it left me feeling unsatsified.  The service was also lacking (read: waiter had attitude).Positives:-Calamari appetizer with yuzu pesto was crisp and refreshing without being rubbery-Shortrib appetizer was fall-off-the-bone tender and seasoned with a sweet, tangy glaze-Orange ginger creme brulee was light and velvety Negatives:-Lobster potstickers...no,no, no..soggy and oily with almost no trace of lobster.-Miso butterfish; soy glaze was overdone and masked the flavor of the fish...the cut was also much fattier than usual-Rib eye; unimpressive portion with a cut that was less than tenderI like Roy's, but I'd avoid this location.
4	xoxo the "1998" cocktail, just a bit too sweet for this ol' sour lady.The yellow tail was SO GOOD. I loved the coconut milk broth.
3	In comparison to San Francisco's Roy's Restaurant, the service at the Las Vegas Roy's leaves not much to be desired. I am used to getting in and out under an hour for business power lunches in the SF Financial District. Who knew a dinner at Roy's would take 2.5+ hours.Again, compared to the SF location, the food at the LV location was alright. The $39 prix fixe three course dinner has the same proportions as the regular menu items. A good value. Lukewarm. The slightly redeeming quality was that they sent two scoops of ice cream stacked on top of each other with a lit candle as the snowman's arm for the bachelorette. I say slightly because who the heck sends a snowman over for any occasion!?!?!? Sure, leave it to the imagination. I was really confused by their hospitable gesture.Since the restaurant is off the strip, cabs are scarce. Half an hour before the end of dinner, we asked the host to call a taxi on our behalf. By the time we were done paying our bill, the host still had not called the cab. My friend braved the wide streets and crazily flagged down a cab faster than the host ultimately called a cab.
3	"It's just expensive ass Hawaiian BBQ" hahahahaActually it was good.  The service was great though it was terribly slow.  However our waiter made sure that we were taken care of.  Our b-day girl and new grad got extra desserts.  Extra sweets for the sweets are always nice.
3	Roy's is a branch of the Hawaiian chain. The chain is known for friendly service, and this branch was no exception, from the valet to the bartender to the waiter. It was very easy to relax here. My meal:*  A complimentary appetizer of a grilled shrimp (good), barbecued spare rib (very good), pot sticker (good to very good), and crab cake (fair to good).*  Asia Pear Salad. Recommended by my server, it had a few (but not too few) thin slices of Asian pear, with a large amount of good mixed greens. The passion fruit dressing was far too sour. Rating: fair to good.*  Japanese Misoyaki Butterfish. Grilled butterfish, nearly black on one side, using a sweet miso grilling sauce. Served with baby bok choi, rice, and a little bit of a couple of sauces. The fish was delicious - soft, buttery, tasty. The nearly black grilling gave it very good flavor. The only criticism is that the fish was of uneven thickness, and as a result part was nicely cooked while part was slightly undercooked. Very good.*  "Roy's Melting Hot Chocolate Souffl - Flourless Chocolate Cake with a Molten Hot Center, with Vanilla Ice Cream." This was a dark chocolate souffl. The very hot molten center has an intense chocolate flavor. The vanilla ice cream was ordinary. Rating: very good to excellent.After eating at Roy's, I felt it was good. However, I've since seen how many fine restaurants Las Vegas has to offer. I still think Roy's is a reasonable value, but there are better places out there.
4	I am doing this off memory so I will be brief.  Very very good stuff.  I had the mahi mahi and it was so yummy and buttery.  A true dining experience.   And bring lots of money.
5	Ate here last night for the 2007 Island hop dinner. It was a fixed 5 course menu with wine pairings. And everything was excellent. The first course was pupu style Honoka'a spiced sirloin steak. It was a very tasty little starter paired with a Chalone Monterey Pinot Noir...excellent. The second course was pan-flashed big island abalone and crab salad. I think this was my favorite. I dont think its on the everyday menu yet, but they mentioned it would be soon. Third course was seared rare ono sashimi with lobster. Again, this was an amazing dish and the pairing with Bochendal Grand Cuvee reserve South African sauvignon blanc was perfect. I dont usually drink white wines, but that one was really good. Forth and main course was Grilled venison chop, kalbi pork, and Thai citrus shrimp. Probably my least favorite of the night, but still very good. I think I might have just been getting full, or drunk off all that wine :) It was paired with Rosenblum San Francisco Bay zinfandel...thats a good wine too. Dessert was Guava chiffon shortcake with lilikoi and strawberries. Yummy! Overall, the whole dinner was great. And for $85 per person, I left feeling like I got a really great deal on some amazing food. On top of all that, they asked trivia questions about Hawaii between the courses, and I won a $35 Roys seafood cookbook, so that made it even more worth it. And all I had to do was name 6 of the Hawaiian islands...If you want to get invited to these special nights, all you have to do is go to the website and sign up. I definately recommend it. They are fun, educational, and we met some really nice people.
4	This upscale restaurant chain, founded by award winning chef Roy Yamaguchi, serves innovative Hawaiian fusion cuisine with a focus on fresh fish.   My wife ordered the 3-course prix fixe meal which included a beautiful sampler appetizer of a crispy coconut shrimp stick, Szechuan baby back ribs and a crispy shrimp pot sticker that she graciously shared. Her entre was Roy's signature macadamia crusted mahi mahi in lobster cognac butter sauce accompanied by mashed potatoes and baby vegetables.  I ordered the macadamia crusted white fish which turned out to be the same entre.    The sauce would have benefited by the addition of more lobster and cognac, but it still complimented the fish which was properly prepared.  A delicious melting hot chocolate souffl was included plus Ms. Westie received a fruit tart with the plate inscribed with Happy Birthday wishes.
4	Food was excellent and service was great. For appetizers, we tried a couple of kobe beef rolls however the one with shrimp tempura tasted better. I don't remember what its called. For entree, I had the tiger shrimp with pad Thai noodles. It was good but I wish it came with more noodles. It was like a tease. BF ordered the fillet and it came out perfect. Best part of the meal was the chocolate souffle. Oh my god it was freakin delicious! Don't leave Roy's without trying it. Meal was pretty expensive but its expected for a fine dining experience. There's a Roys in Newport Beach too. Wonder if the food is similar.
3	Roys in Summerlin has a nice atmoshere. I went in and ordered the pre-set dinner $35. Quality of the food is very good along with the service. I would caution people that while quality is very good protions are small. I have to give it a good rating because of the overall visit.
4	Have the chocolate molten cake dessert. Totally awesome. Overall food quality and service for our group of seven was solid.
5	This place has absolutely delicious, albeit pricey food, which I enjoyed for free because I attended a pharm lecture here. The appetizers were scrumptious. For my entree, I had the macademia crusted mahi mahi, which practically melted in my mouth. The variety of desserts were amazing too...my favorite was the chocolate souffle. Service was excellent. Hopefully one day I'll be able to afford a meal here on my own. ;) In the meantime, I'm going to attend another lecture here and try a different entree!
4	It's always been a pleasure to dine at Roy's in San Francisco, so I was definitely looking forward to the opportunity to dine at the Roy's in Las Vegas.Reservations were set for 8 pm with our very large birthday party of 16, which was to be broken down into two tables.  No biggie, except that we were not seated until almost 8:45 pm.  Yes, the hostess did come out and apologize for the wait (explaining that the previous party was taking a little longer than expected).  Instead of bread and butter, we got edamame with a spicy salt finish.  It had us licking our lips and drinking lots of water before we got our orders in.I had initially planned on going for the winter prix-fixe menu at $35/pp.  You get to choose an appetizer, an entree, and a dessert from a specific menu.  However, I was distracted by the Roy's Classic Trio ($29).  This included "Hibachi Grilled Salmon, Roy's Original Blackened Island Ahi & Hawaiian Style Misoyaki Butterfish."  It's served with "citrus ponzu sauce, spicy soy mustard butter, and sizzling soy vinaigrette."  Hearing about their exquisite butterfish, I couldn't resist.  And I figure with a trio, I could taste a bunch of different things.  In retrospect, I should have gone straight for the entree of "Hawaiian Style Misoyaki Butterfish" ($28) because it was SO good and I could have done without the salmon and ahi.  The BF was intrigued by the "Yama Mama Meatloaf" ($19), that came with "sesame crusted flat bread and a Shanghai hoisin demi."  He thought it was surprisingly good.  We also shared the "He'e Nalu Style Backyard Chili Pepper Poke" ($13) since this location didn't offer the fabulous Poketini.  It's "Hawaiian Big Eye Tuna and Cucumber Kim Chee Fusion" and it's pretty darn good!  Yum yum!  (Get your own plate, you don't want to share this one!)Be sure to put your order in early for the "Roy's Melting Hot Chocolate Souffle".  And if you don't know what that is, it's "flourless chocolate cake with a molten hot center" and served with ice cream.  It takes awhile to make, so let them know when you order your entree.  (I guess the waiter didn't hear one of our dining companions order his souffle and he was not happy when only one came out.  He didn't like  the idea of sharing his wife's souffle and he didn't want to have to wait for another one to come out.)  I'm not always a fan of this dessert but at Roy's, they really know how to do it well.  I was practically licking the plate!For cocktails, I had a Guava Mojito that was so yummy!  It tasted like a Kern's!  The BF had a Pomegranate Mojito, but agreed mine was tastier. With the delay in seating, I half expected them to comp us for something, anything for that matter.  Give the birthday boy a free drink for making us wait so long, but nope, didn't happen.  They also gave our table the whole check for the party of 16, which was ridiculous to break down (especially since we were seated at two tables).  We asked the waiter if he could split the check which he was able to, it would have been better if this was automatically done instead.    Overall, Roy's is great for Hawaiian-influenced Asian-fusion.  Their service is usually top notch and for the most part, there's something for everyone.
4	I shared the Japanese Style Misoyaki Butterfish,  A Hibachi Style Grilled Salmon , and the short ribs from the appetizer menu with 2 other people. The food itself was very tasty. Everything seemed to be on the sweet side to me. The short ribs weren't spectacular. flavorful, but I've had better. The grilled salmon was good, but the butterfish trumped everything; definitely, the best out of the three dishes. The portion size is a little disappointing. But as the menu is a little bit on the pricey side, ranging from $25-35. So if you're on a budget, sharing is a good idea..... before the food comes out that is. I was satisfied, but could have eaten more. For dessert, we also ordered their chocolate souffle, which is actually a molten lava cake. I was thoroughly disappointed that it wasn't an actual souffle. The molten lava cake is good, but that just wasn't what I was expecting and therefore left disappointed with dessert.The service, however was excellent. Our group of 9 walked in without a reservation and were seated within 20-30 minutes.
5	Roy's Hawaiian Fusion is one of the best experiences I've ever had at a restaurant.The food was excellent.  Some of the best food I've ever eaten. Take time to experience a full course meal here including appetizer and dessert. Ask the server what is good for the day as well and they'll be honest and tell you what is being done well that day.The atmosphere is very laid back and the service was excellent. Roy's is going to the very top of my favorite restaurants list. I hope the other locations are just as good.
3	Not the best Roys I have been to but still a good place to stop in for dinner escpecailly if you are looking for something off the strip. Standard dishes and "Hawaiian Classics" fill the menu and the decor isnt the best. Overall good but not a great branch of the Roys Empire.Roys Baltimore is still number one in my book out of the 6 I have been to.
4	First point: Roy's is a chain.Not a Applebee's-esque chain, but a chain. They offer a large menu with some items that appear at every location and the remainder of the menu is left to Chef to write.Second point: Decent portion sizes.The apps were a bit on the skimpy side, but the entree made up for it. You get quite a selection from sushi and nigiri to Hawaiian BBQ or a selection of fresh fish. The prices are a bit high, but nothing like you would pay on the strip.Third point: Excellent Service. Around but not annoying.My one pet peeve: just like every other restaurant, they HAD to go and put a raspberry sauce with the chocolate dessert. It's been done. Do something different. Better.
5	Roy's is a chain isn't to be disputed. But, it has some of the best service I've had at any restaurant. We had great service from the moment we made our reservation to the moment we drove away.   My friend J and I wanted to have a great last night in Vegas for our girls 72 hours out. We made reservations that afternoon for eight pm and we showed up early. To our surprise, the restaurant wasn't half full. We were allowed to sit early and from then on, it was having all the attention we could handle.    We both had the Summer Fusion Prix Fixe dinner for $35. It's three courses which is an app, entree and dessert. Not bad at all price wise. J started with seared tuna, then had short ribs and finished with a strawberry shortcake. The ribs were so tender they fell apart at the touch of a fork. I had the arugula, pear, goat cheese and macadamia nut salad, the prosciutto wrapped shrimp with fried egg fried rice and then the molten chocolate cake. All were really good - I liked the fact they had two fat jumbo shrimp wrapped in a nice size of prosciutto and the fried rice had a nice smoky background. The molten cake was silky inside and crisp outside.    A great food experience and worth going off Strip for.
3	It was my first time dined in at Roy's.  I was recommended by a friend long time ago and finally decided to give it a try. We got there late (20 mins later than our reservation), but it was Tuesday so we didn't have any issue.  We got seated at the Bar area, underneath a flat screen TV.  Got to be honest, We were a bit dissapointed at first but after the Olimpics on, it actually helped us to get through the night.  The bartender was our server. So, besides making drinks for the restaurant, he had to wait on us.  He explained what was good to order.  I ended up ordering the Grand prix 3 course meal and my husband order something a la carte.... :) The flow was a bit slow.  We had to wait for the appetizers (Ahi tuna poke) for about 20-25 mins, but it was ok since we had TV to watch so basically we were watching TV while waiting for our food. After the tuna poke, the salad was next (couldn't remember the name... it was something with pear on it). It was good but too much cheese. The dressing was good though.  Then, we waited for another 15 mins after we finished the salad for our entrees.  By the time, the entrees r served, I was full and needed space for the chocolate soufle. It was the highlight of this visit.  Although we had better soufle at the Morton steakhouse. After enjoying everything, we ran back to our hotel and "deposit" our money to the casino. It was a good experience, sufficient service, good food (not great), good ambiance, but that's just not enough to make us go there again.  Thanks for the experience Roy's.
2	To start.. 4 stars because the food was very fresh and very tasty...  Not 5 stars for a few reasons.. but I'll get to that in a minute.  I graded as 2 stars due to the incidents I describe in this review. .  I've just had better.First of all.. Roy's is certainly not a new concept.. and there has been one here in Las Vegas for some time now, I just had never visited it. It's Hawaiian-Fusion, which doesn't apeal to me.. but I was with a group of buddies that wanted to go - so we went, and it was a special occasion. So -  there were 6 of us.. and we were literally the first group through the door due to a 5:30 reservation.. none of us like to eat that early usually.. but we had places to be later. That being said, they weren't even done with their pre-shift meeting when we walked in, which was absolutely no problem.. we only waited about 2 minutes.Here's where it get a bit screwy. The hostess acknowledged that we were there for a special occasion, a bachelor party of sorts... very nice ... then she proceeded to sit us at a 6 top that had 2 of it's chairs in the main aisle. That was strange, since there were not any other tables sat anywhere else in the restaurant...and thus,  so many open ones. I waited to see if perhaps they had reservations for the other tables, but that did not happen and we did not complain. The table was set for us, with a ribbon around the candle.. ok.. thank you for that... i think. They were trying to be nice.  Once guy picked out a bottle of white wine, about $50 bucks.. and I think he got a bit of a scoff when the server saw what he picked. Weird, still not too offended.. big night of spending ahead.. being frugal. the wine comes nearly 10 minutes later, and it's fine. Some Rosemont Chardonnay... way over-priced, but it's a restaurant wine list... you get that. Another 5 minutes goes by, and the waiter returned and told us about specials.. he mentioned 4 different things from four different parts of the menu, and each one was the most expensive item in each category. OK. So I don't appreciate that.. but no big deal. We ordered a couple of his recommendations anyway. Then the 4 starters we ordered came on a large plate.. cool.. fusion style sushi rolls and they were good. We ate them and drank and chatted.. cool. Now it's time for entrees. They clear the table and set us up for the next course. 15 minutes go by. 2 entrees for 2 of the guys arrive.... 2 or 3 minutes literally went by, and 2 more came .. One runner was running the food for our whole table and no one was helping him. So he made multiple trips. 2 or 3 minutes later.. 2 more entrees arrived. Each time, he would zip through a description of the food, and was a little unintelligible with most of his rehearsed speel.. but it was semi-self explanatory so no big deal. 2 more minutes.. 2 more entrees.. Finally,  all the food is on the table and we eat. I'm not super impressed with the portions, though the seafood I had was fresh. I ordered the seafood pairing or plate, or something to that effect. 3 shrimp on a skewer and two U10 scallops pan seared. The scallops were rare, not med-rare as stated they would be prepared.. which is strange because they were seared on a hot flat-top per  the description... maybe too hot though. The shrimp was well, well done.. a bit rubbery. .  Edible enough, not ''WOW' good.. but 'OK' good. Everyone seemed happy enough with the food selections. We had pre-ordered the pineapple upside down cake and chocolate souffle per the waiters suggestion, because they have a longer preparation time.  After dinner was cleared and we were reset with sharing plates.. we were ready for dessert. 10 minutes go by. 2 chocolate souffles arrived. We looked at each other, and I thought that maybe they had sent an additional because of the occasion.. turns out this was the case. 2 or 3 minutes go by and the Pineapple cake arrives. Seeing a theme? ... slow pace.All in all.. our waiter was cool, food was ok. We spent about $65 per person for about 3 courses and a bottle of wine... fresh seafood.. service in general.. nothing to want to rush back for. We were outta there at 7:45. Long meal for nothing in particular that was special. I don't know that I'll be back there soon. I would however, try it in another city. Good luck
4	I have a friend that worked here who hooked us up with all kinds of different food.  Everything was pretty good.  Only thing I didn't like was the Schezuan (sp) ribs I believe it was.  Ick.  The molten lava chocolate cake was orgasmic though!
4	I stopped by this restaurant with a group of my friends who recommended this place.  The restaurant itself was dimly lit (very romantic) and classy looking.  We started off with a bottle of wine and the service was great!  The appetizers were decent.  The calamari was crisp and not too soggy or fried tasting.  Someone ordered the cut roll (California roll?) and it was okay.  I think this just wasn't the place for cut rolls.  But when dinner came, everything looked yummy.  The Butterfish seemed to be a big hit.  All their fish was moist and tender!  And you must save room for their molten lava cake!  I agree with everyone else...it's that good!! Definitely enough to share amongst 2 or 3 people.Overall this was a great place to have a fancier dinner with someone.  The service and ambiance was nice.  It is a little pricey, but you'd probably know that if you chose to eat at a place like this ;)
4	I visited here on the first and last days of a recent trip to Las Vegas.  The first trip was impressive enough (I would have given it 5 stars alone) that I was willing to pass up the myriad other excellent Vegas options for a return visit. Both visits I was accompanied by Matt T. who posted a review on 1/19.  The first trip featured superb service by a waiter named Jeff.  He made excellent suggestions on Pinot Noir, and on a customized surf-and-turf combination to help me get over my indecision on that pressing question, "steak or seafood?"  The combination Macadamia-crusted Mahi Mahi paired with the Honey Mustard Garlic-Charred Beef Short Ribs was fantastic.  The ribs melted in my mouth and the sauce was flavorful but not overstated, so as to make it possible to sit alongside the more elegant seafood selection.  I highly recommend both.  I should also mention that the food was delivered in a very timely fasion.On the second visit, I took the opportunity to order a custom sushi roll (a "Cherry Blossom" for the initiated among you) and thus verified that these folks also impress on that delicacy.Also on the second visit, our original server Jeff transmuted into our bartender while we awaited seating.  Once again he excelled, keeping us occupied with masterful martinis, beer talk and polished social skill.Unfortunately, other things that happened that evening are what keeps me from going 5 stars on this place (I'd do 4.5 if that was possible!).  We arrived about 20 minutes early for our reservation, and as they were moderately busy they were not ready to seat us early.  However, we passed 45 minutes at the bar before I finally returned to the host station to find that they had simply forgotten us.  At this point we were seated immediately.That would have been OK, except that the next major faux pas was that after placing our orders, it took an HOUR for our entrees to arrive.  Our appetizers were also slow, with my friend Matt observing that the plates were warmer than the food.  By this time in the evening the restaurant was not particularly busy, so it really was completely inexcusable.  Regardless of the mistakes, the entrees still excelled as did the desert.  My attitude about the whole situation was really upturned by very appropriate, tactful handling of the situation by the manager.  I have no qualms about recommending Roy's given the excellence of the food, the overall quality of the service, and that I got to see how well management behaves in those difficult situations which are bound to happen on occassion.
5	The food is very good.  It's worth a trip just for the Hawaiian Martini.  :)   Nice ambiance and great service.
3	I am writing this based on my only visit to the LV location. I have had a much better experience at the Anaheim location. They are both touristy spots so that shouldn't be an excuse but I found that the LV is a little less on spot. I had the Hawaiian Martini and was off to a good start, had the libations and continued to the appetizer which was a calamari starter - delish. Crispy but not greasy, and the sauce was perfect. My main course was the Salmon which was ok. Maybe I was full but I didn't think it was anything to write home about. I gave it a three because of the great drink, and the calamari.
4	My two stops in Vegas every year during the big Real Estate Convention are Nobu at the Hard Rock and Roy's here on Flamingo. Although I live just 15 minutes away from Roy's Anaheim, it seems I've been to this Vegas locale more often. And after learning that my old college roommate is the brother-in-law of chef partner Percy Oani, this is prolly a biased review! But again, I've been coming here every year, so this really should be a realistic review, so scratch that!Service here has always been impeccable and friendly. From the minute you step into the restuarant you are greeted by a hostess, then transferred to your table, greeted by your server, waited on by bussers and checked up on by a supervising maitre d'. On special occassions they'll even have a couple of hostesses that greet you upon entering the restaurant only to 'lei' you! Yeah!So after having the opportunity to meet chef partner Percy Oani, he totally did us up with the Shanghai Style "Filipino" Lumpia and the Crispy Karaage Calamari. This was IN ADDITION to the edamame that comes with a garlic/peppers seasoning, and on the house, mind you! The lumpia comes cut like an order or sushi does, but was stuffed with lobster and topped with a sweet chili garlic shoyu (soy) sauce. Absolutely Solid. But it was the calamari, which I know you can get just about anywhere, that was over the top. This appetizer came with a yuzu aioli and pesto sauce that is TO DIE FOR... I don't like to put mayo on anything. EVER. But once you call it 'aioli,' I'll dip my fingers in the shiz and be lickin for days! And this yuzu aioli is one of those things I wanna bottle up and put on EVERYTHING!After our appetizers came a Mango & Papaya Salad, which was solid. And being at Roy's, I just always feel like I have to go with a fish for dinner, and we did - the Misoyaki Butterfish and the Teppan Grilled Island Ono. The Butterfish was reminiscent of a miso chilean sea bass I've had at a few other restaurants, but this fish seems to have a little more fat (always good!) and a little more oil. Yum! Although I did not try the Ono, that plate was licked clean as well!And finally, even after every appetizer was inhaled, salad and fish consumed, we still had to order dessert. Even though there was no more room, even after we loosened our belts, bring on the chocolate souffle and the upside down pineapple cake! Again, the plate licked clean!And once you think you've taken in the kindness of the restaurant and all it has to offer, our wonderful server Brittany, so kindly calls a taxi for us, just to remind us that not only are we getting an incredible meal here, but the service too, is just as incredible!
5	We recently celebrated my mom's birthday and were treated to a wonderful time by Roy's on Flamingo in Las Vegas. This was our first experience with Roy's. This location is a few blocks from Las Vegas Blvd on E. Flamingo and it was nice to get away from the cheesy strip for a bit. My folks travel quite a bit to Hawaii and enjoy Hawaiian and Asian food and Roy's Hawaiian fusion menu sounded perfect so we made reservations.From the moment we arrived we were impressed by the impeccable service as two sets of doors were held open for us. The decor - modern but casual - tasteful with clean lines and not Vegas cheesy. A few of us arrived early so we tried a couple of mojitos. Jeff the bartender was great - he was friendly, easy going  and helpful. My brother got a guava mojito and I tried the pineapple ginger mojito - both awesome (my family likes to share food and drinks with one another just as a note).When the rest of our group arrived, the Hostess, Betty took great care of my family, welcoming everyone and making us all feel at home. We were seated and the staff went to work offering water, unfolding napkins etc. Yes, they really were like a bunch of ninjas making sure everyone's needs were met. My nephew made a comment that he finished his soda and turned away for a second and when he turned back his drink was refilled.When it was time to order and this was our first time at Roy's, Bobby, our head waiter went over the menu, explaining the appetizers, entrees and desserts. He went over which ingredients were local and which ones were flown in from Hawaii. He even checked to make sure no one had any specific allergies.As far as the food goes, it was magnificent! On time and perfectly prepared. Most of our family enjoys sushi so we started with the maguro, unagi &  Lobster California Rolls. We also had the crispy vegetable spring rolls and the Crispy Karaage Calamari. This was on top of the yummy & spicy edamame courtesy of Roy's. The maguro was refreshing but the unagi was delish! Big, fat pieces of unagi (some places skimp on the eel).  The California roll was good but fairly standard tasting. The Crispy Karaage Calamari was excellent! It was really crispy, tasty, tender and not at all greasy! Excellent technique and presentation. I tried to get a picture of it but the group demolished the calamari before I could snap a photo (sorry if my incessant picture taking annoyed the other guests). The veggie rolls were delicious too. Very crispy with a wonderful sauce!For entrees, we had (and shared) the "Pulehu" Sirloin & Maui Onion Jus, the "Mojo" Grilled Pork Chops, the Rustic Grilled Filet Mignon, the Teppanyaki Seared Tiger Shrimp, Hibachi Grilled Salmon, Blackened Island Ahi, Hawaiian Style Misoyaki Butterfish, the Prosciutto Seared U-10 Scallops, Dynamite Glazed Tiger Shrimp & the Hibachi Styled Grilled Salmon. It was all so delicious! The meats were all cooked perfectly to order and all the seafood came perfectly cooked - nothing overcooked and nothing raw. I can't stand undercooked fish and rubbery overcooked shellfish and will send it back. Two items that really stood out were the pork chops, which had an amazing flavor (I begged for the recipe for the marinade and finally got a list of ingredients - without the measurements, of course so I will never be able to re-create it) and the Butterfish. This Butterfish was a firm, large flaked but fatty fish. It was absolutely wonderful and I will now go to Roy's in San Francisco just for this fish. The rest of the food I tried was also delicious and not one in our party had a complaint (and we love to complain about food). I can't wait to try the Roy's in Kihei as well! We all tried the molten chocolate souffle, the pineapple upside down cake and the passion fruit dessert. Incredible! Finally, I just want to thank the amazing staff at Roy's on Flamingo in Las Vegas. To the hostess, Betty and also to Bobby, Jeff, Troy and the rest of the staff and servers - Thank you so much for making our stay in Vegas a wonderful memory! To Kathryn, the manager, thank you for your hospitality and professionalism - you really took care of my family. Thank you for all the special birthday touches and for having the cabs called. My mom is still raving about it. Also to Chef Percy Oani and your wonderfully skilled sous-chefs ... BRAVO! We are huge fans and will eat at your restaurant whenever we are in town! Thank you Chef Oani for coming out to meet us as well - we will cherish the pictures we took with you. So I guess, my critique is a bit biased but it cannot be helped as our experience was flawless!
5	Very well decorated place, with lots of good Hawain food selections.The ambiance is very friendly, and the well it's Las Vegas..:)I have no much comments about this restaurant except, you should give it a try when going to Vegas.The price is right, portion of plate is right, crabcake is Yummy..Definitely recommended.
1	$110 worth of food poisoning! First off, the illness that came afterwards might have been less irritating if the food had been good. Both of us got sick but we ate different meals. One of us had the macadamia nut crusted mahi mahi and the other had the short rib. The mahi mahi was flavorless with poor texture and the asparagus that came with the fish was flavorless as well. Not even a hint of flavor from the sauce. Very disappointing. The short rib had flavor but it was no better than a pot roast that I can make in a crock pot for $10 for 4 meals. Both entrees were served at or below room temperature, which was surprising since the plates were scalding hot. We had an appetizer of ribs that had great flavor. We also shared some edamame and ended our meal with creme brulee. 30 minutes after eating while walking through a casino, we both became very ill. We ended up having to sit for about an hour while sipping on Sprite to calm our stomachs before we could even move without getting sick. We also had to have peppermint lifesavers to help our stomachs when we didn't have Sprite. The nausea would come and go for the next 3 or 4 hours and we were breaking a fever. We know that it had to be the food at Roy's because it was our first meal of the day. All in all, the food was overpriced and flavorless and to top it all off, we were very ill. We will never eat at another Roy's again and will be telling our friends not to go there...ever.
4	My four stars mainly goes towards the Roy's Classic Trio for 30 bucks. There's salmon, ahi, and BUTTERFISH. THE BUTTERFISH, I LOVE. I like sea bass, and the butterfish was pretty darn close to tasting like sea bass. The soup, salad, and dessert were mediocre. Butterfish was delish =DWe came here for my uncle's birthday. You get free dessert, a polaroid photo of your party, and personalized menu (they print out a happy birthday greeting onto a blank paper  with your name and slide it into the inside sleeve of the menu).
4	Not only does Roy's offer his Prix Fixe menu for $35 most of the year, his restaurants also participate in Restaurant Week!Cozying up to the chef's counter is one of my favorite things about Roy's restaurants.  Their chef's counter really gives you a bird's eye view of the happenings of the kitchen.  In this experience, we not only engaged with the staff, but watched the dynamics of some errors that happened in the pick-up station.As we waited for our dinner to begin, the sushi chef offered us an appetizer of shrimp tempura.  This shrimp tempura was perfectly fried, and the tasty miso barbecue (with mustard seed) dressing was very tasty.  It was a great beginning already.The Restaurant Week prix fixe menu was $30.09.  My mind was on one thing only, which wasn't offered in this prix fixe unfortunately.  So, this is what The Husband got:* Roy's Appetizer Trio "Baby Back Ribs, Seared Tiger Shrimp Stick, Crispy Pork & Shrimp Lumpia" - Shrimp was cooked perfectly, ribs were tasty, and the lumpia was decent too.* Char Siu Marinated Pork Chop "Cilantro Scented Forbidden Black Rice, Asian Plum 5-Spice Demiglaze" - You could smell the char sui sauce as the plate appeared.  The pork chop was moist and tasty.  It was a hearty portion that sat on some Asian greens.Now I learned my lesson the last time I was at Roy's.  I ordered the Roy's Classic Trio which gives you a sampling of three of their fish dishes. DO NOT ORDER THIS!  Once you get your mouth on the butterfish, you'll wish you ordered that instead.  So I warn you now, just go straight past the Trio, and head for the entree version of the butterfish.  You'll be so glad you did.  And that is exactly what I did!  * Hawaiian Style Misoyaki Butterfish "Chinese Sizzling Soy Vinaigrette" ($28.95) - The fish is so buttery, literally.  It's so soft and supple and just flakes so nicely.  The dipping sauce is light and just perfect for this fish.  I wasn't digging the rice as much though, I wish I had The Husband's Forbidden Black Rice instead.  Asian greens rest beneath the fish.* Roy's Melting Hot Chocolate Souffle "Flourless Chocolate Cake with a Molten Center, Raspberry Coulis, Vanilla Bean Ice Cream" - Yes, this is the dessert to get.  I'm not even the biggest fan of molten chocolate cakes, but I like Roy's version a lot.  He does this dessert so well - so gooey, and sweet, and just yum.  I was thinking that my homemade vanilla ice cream was tasting a bit better than theirs though.Service this past Sunday evening reflected the kind of service I'm used to and expect from Roy's.  The counter staff really go out of their way to talk to you, and the rest of the staff were friendly and did their job.  They had a large party near us, so we had various staff members throughout the evening and they all reflected what Roy's customer service is all about.
4	This is one of my all time favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. Although it is not on the strip, I feel that this Hawaiian chain is as good as any of the top restaurants on the strip. Every time I go to Roys, I receive exceptional service and fantastic food. I love to go eat with my boyfriend and order a bunch of apps. Some of my favorites include, the backyard poke, lobster pot-stickers and the pork ribs. Will return as much as I can.
5	I am a HUGE fan of Roy's in general.  I've been to his Hawaii Kai, Woodland Hills, LA and this location in Vegas. There so many new restaurants that keep popping up in Vegas but why mess with a good thing.  I know I will get top-notch service and superior food.  The staff are extremely knowledgeable and will bend over backwards to handle any special requests.  I even got a Thank You card in the mail from the manager a couple weeks after dining there in early January.True ALOHA spirit!
5	I wish I could give this place more stars. This is the best dining experience I have ever had. I called to make reservations and was asked what was the occasion, I let them know it was an anniversary. When we arrived there, the workers all were wishing us a happy anniversary. They sat us by a very nice secluded table and dressed up our candlelight base with cute ribbons.  When we opened the menu book, we saw that they had printed out "Happy Anniversary Evangelia and Andres" menu sheet. We ordered the prix fixe menu at $35, the food as always was delicious and filling. They gave us a free desert and the plate had "Happy Anniversary Evangelia and Andres" and took our picture. This place is amazing and the workers are so pleasant and nice
4	I really like this roys.  The location is right around the corner from where I was staying, Hard Rock.  I always enjoy the service and the chocolate souffe here all though the entree is always so-so.  The best part was the staff letting us substitue a whole boat load of stuff from the pre fixe menu.  The only thing holding back from a 5 is the always lacking entrees.  Though I'm limited to the pre fixe, whenever I order the short rib it never taste that great and I'm not so into fish so not going that way.
5	Rating is based on the items that I've had at Roy's!Sushi is wonderful!  Kobe Roll & Garden Island Rolls are always amazing!!! MMM!The Braised Short Rib is so moist and softThe Miso Butter Fish is also amazing!!!For dessert go for either...Chocolate SouffleMacadamia Tart...SO GOOD!!!!
4	Went here for a friends 25th birthday party.  She rented out the private room for it... was a splendid time...  The only beef I really had was the autograt for our bill...  No problem if the entire group of 20 was on it... But these were individual drink bills and still the autograt.... weird...   Service and food was 4 stars....  drink bill was 1 star  :p
4	take your girlfriend here and she'll love you forever..hehethe kobe beef sushi is awesome!! lava cake thingy supper good:]we got the prix-fixe menu so we got an appetizer/salad, main course, and their lava cake . and if its your birthday they greet you like a hundred times and your menu could be personalized:] mine was;Deverything was yum, great presentation, outstanding service, but take in mind that they charge at fine dining prices.
5	The first time I ate at Roy's two years ago, we sat at the sushi bar with some friends. From the minute we walked in the door to the time we left we were treated as if we were family, Ohana. The service was exceptional, and the food was amazing. Waiters kept bringing us little sample dishes try. We still go to Roy's at least 3-4 times a month and it just gets better.
5	Great services from the doorman on the way in to the hostess stand out. Knowledgeable waiter and efficient bus staff. I had an opportunity to try a few things on the menu, Roy's Canoe Appetizer for Two appetizer ( Szechuan Baby Back Ribs, Blackened Ahi, Crispy Spicy Tuna Roll, Lobster Potstickers, Pork & Shrimp Lumpia ), Honey Mustard Garlic-Charred Beef Short Ribs and the Hawaiian Style Misoyaki Butterfish. The Butterfish is the best fish I have ever had. We finished off out meal with the melting hot chocolate souffle, and it was amazing. I will be visiting Roys in Baltimore where I live and the one in Vegas when I go back. I was very impress, the best meal I had during my week in Vegas.
5	Fantastic experience.  To be fair, I should point out that we went specifically for the happy hour/bar specials.  However, things were so good, 5 stars it is without trying dinner.  We wanted to get off-strip a little for my husband's birthday, and had thought we would start here for a little snack and drink or two before moving on to more places.  We never left.  3 orders of tuna poke later (yes, three), plus a bunch of other great appetizers and sushi rolls, we were still there.  Had a number of different drinks - all a good balance of sweet, tart, and alcohol.  When my brother decided to mention it was my husband's birthday, they came out with a little birthday dessert complete with a Happy Birthday chocolate syrup plating and candle.  Finished by a picture of us in a Roy's picture frame.  Made for a fun twist on the visit.  I've seriously thought of the poke a dozen times since - nummy, yummy stuff.
5	If you're looking to get away from the craziness of The Strip and want a great meal, this should be on your list. Service is very friendly and professional and food was wonderful. We shared a starter of tempura sushi roll with ahi, swordfish, and salmon that was very fresh tasting and delicious. I ordered the shellfish sampler with stuffed shrimp, lobster and scallops over macadamia nut pesto risotto. Fish and risotto were perfectly cooked and a home run. My boyfriend ordered the macadamia encrusted mahi mahi. Cooked to perfection, moist and full of flavor. To round out the we had their pineapple upside down cake with coconut ice cream. AWESOME. Even though this is a chain, they are following a formula for success. We have been to other Roy's and they are a consistent winner for great food and service.
4	I heard that the chocolate souffle would change my life.  You better believe I was expecting a chocolate-dipped Robert Pattinson to burst out of my dessert upon arrival.  And then he would charm me with his British wit and make love sick promises to me while we polished off the molten chocolate heaven on a plate.  So bearing these expectations in mind, it was a bit of a disappointment.  But if you're looking for straight up chocolate souffle, Roy's isn't a bad place at all.  The dinner was very good (try the Scallops) and the waitstaff was extremely attentive.  The atmosphere felt a little sterile for such a pricey place; I really think they could do more to make it feel more like a hot date spot, not business lunch.  I think the food deserves it.  But all in all, a good time was had by all.  I will unfortunately have to keep searching for the, ahem,  dessert mentioned above.
5	This place always reminds me of home.  It's the only place in Vegas where they actually prepare Mahi Mahi how it is meant to be done, moist and perfectly seasoned.We will make it to Roy's at least twice a year, my favorite appetizer is the Lakanilau roll; seemingly an ordinary dynamite crab roll until they (BAM) drape it with some kobe beef and slightly sear it to perfection.The Hawaiian Martini will definitely put you on a beach in the middle of nowhere if you have more than 2 and the Molten Lava Chocolate Mousse will put you in a state of complete Zen.There is more than fish here and the Short Ribs are decent, but go for the Mahi Mahi with the lobster butter sauce and you won't be disappointed.
5	This is my favorite restaurant! My favorite entree is something that I don't see on the menu anymore. It was a med rare pan seared salmon that was so delicious, and flavorful that it melt in your mouth and got you coming back for more! I used to come here often to order the same thing even when the menu has so much to choose from. This Hawaiian Japanese fusion restaurant has tons of mouthwatering creations. I have tried the Misoyaki Butterfish, and I know a lot of people that like it, so i would recommend it.I have also tried a roll that had wagyu beef, snow crab, tempura asparagus, avocado, and truffle greens which was really interesting. I have tried the Lobster California Roll during happy hour once. But for $5, you definitely need two orders to be completely satisfied, it is NOT enough to share, especially if you came to eat!All the food is perfectly portioned and full of flavor. I don't want to say rich to deter anyone health conscious.The service is perfect. They have well trained servers and hosts that make sure that your experience is special. All the dishes come out moist, fresh, and decadent!
4	I'm from Hawaii and have had my share of Hawaiian fusion, Asian fusion, Pan Pacific, Pacific Rim, whatchamacallit cuisine.  Roy's makes me happy... the food is excellent and service with warm aloha spirit brings me back to my hometown, Hawaii.  The fish there is so fresh (melt in your mouth fresh) and the food light and delicious.  A must try for sure!
5	The service here was exceptional, and the food was great.  To start you get seasoned edemame instead of bread.  The seafood is fresh and the sauces and seasonings are perfect.  Our food took a little  bit longer than it should have, but the manager came over to personally apologize and to see if he could get us anything while we waited.  The portions are perfect- not too big and not too small- and the desserts are delicious.  I hope to go back next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Hawaiian Fusion...mmmm....good.Their sushi rolls (loved the Lakanilau - the accompanying sauce is to die for) make great appetizers, and the chocolate souffle is a MUST for dessert.  Cocktails are pricey but very tasty.  We liked the capirhina and the sangria.I had the Shellfish Sampler ($33.95), which came with 2 large pieces of shrimp and 2 large scallops as well as part of a lobster tail with risotto.  Doesn't sound like a lot of food, but it's quality of quantity with this meal.  So good.My husband had the Roy's Trio ($30.95) w/ hibachi salmon, blackened ahi, and misoyaki butterfish.  He loved it and says he would definitely, definitely get it again.Our group ordered a variety of things, but I also want to add that if you're not necessarily in the seafood mood, my friend ordered the beef short ribs and nearly passed out from shear joy.  Said it was the best ribs he'd ever had.
5	What a treat.  From the food to the wonderful staff.  My son has special diet concerns and the waiter didn't miss a beat.  The serving staff explained the dish and verified what was used in the making.  My first time there and I will be back.  Great!
5	Service, in a word.... incredible! We went to Roys to celebrate my wife's birthday, I checked out the reviews on Yelp before we went to Las Vegas and the feedback on Roys was pretty nice.When we arrived and noted our reservation, through Open Table (I noted it was for my wife's birthday), we were greeted and seated right away. The waitress had a short stack of menus and looked like she was on her way to class ;). When we were seated they opened the menu and there was a happy birthday page with my wife's name and a nice quote. Great touch, very personalized!The waiter was very helpful without being overbearing, you know, not checking on us every 10 minutes. Rather we were allowed to enjoy our meal but recieved attention when we gave subtle signals.She ordered the surf n turf, lobster with filet mignon. They cooked her filet to perfection and she said everything was awesome.I had the macadamia encrusted mahi mahi and it was delicious.Then they brought out a little birthday plate, small fruit and a little cake. That was nice but the cool part was that it had happy birthday and the date written in chocolate on the plate. Again nice touch.When the brought the plate out the waiter took our photo, then came back with photo in a frame with a note on the back. Funny thing, wife's eyes were shut in the photo so we asked if they could take it again and it was no problem!We had two managers come by and check on us towards the end of the meal. They seemed generally interested and not just going through the motions.Be prepared to make tough decisions here because there are so many delicious looking items on the menu!One of my favorite things was that this was off the strip and we didn't feel like we were in the chaos zone known as the strip full of drunk douche bags or the fanny pack army.If you are in town check this place out!
2	Came here with a large group of peopleVery disapppointed but maybe I just have bad luck. There are only 2 things I don't eat: curry and cilantro (don't judge me)My seafood dish (scallops, shrimp, fish) had curry sauce and it wasn't listed on the menu. Drink that the waiter suggested had cilantro in it and he didnt tell me that while explaining what was in the drink. I didn't want to send anything back because I didn't want to wait for another order to be made. I just ate around the curry and I dealt with the cilantro.We also felt very rushed the whole time. Service was not good and food was not good.
4	ummmm....How about AMAZING!Came for a wedding celebration (8 people).  Service was great and food was better.I didn't like what was suggested to me, quickly the head chef came out and apologized I was brought another order in time for me to finish eating with the rest of the table.  It was scrupdiddilyotious! I absolutely loved the desserts, atmosphere, and my drink was gooooood.
4	I have driven by Roy's numerous times and wondered if the Hawaiian fusion was something I would like to try considering that spam musubi was my favorite Hawaiian cuisine. The opportunity to eat at the restaurant came after my team at work won a contest and the reward was a dinner at Roy's.  I was pleased with delicious canoe appetizer that featured Szechan Baby Back Ribs that were so tender they fell off the bone, Blackened Ahi that prepared you for a little more, Crispy Spicy Tuna Roll (it was alright).  However, the Lobster Potstickers with sauce made me want to ask for more.  For an entree, I had the Roasted Macadamia Nut Crusted Mahi Mahi in Lobster Butter sauce with asparagus and red potatoes. The portion size was perfect and although I am not a fan of macadamia nuts, this dish didn't have too much and so I enjoyed it.Desert was fabulous too with a trio of delights. I had a teeny tiny chocolate covered cheese cake-sicle on a tooth pick, a delicious brownie and an itty-bitty strawberry cake.  At the end of the evening, I had a cup of coffee to call it a night!  I recommend this restuarant for its ambiance and for a sophisticated night out on the town.  If you want to impress your date, this would be the place.D
5	I was the entertainment for a wedding reception recently and I was amazed at how fantastic this restaurant is! The staff was very attentive and so nice. The food was absolutely awesome! My pianist and I enjoyed a small bite after we were done and it was delicious.  I enjoyed the Lobster California Roll and a glass of Wente Morning Fog Chardonnay and it could not have been more perfect!  Next time you are in Vegas, make sure you stop by this off-strip gem.  I may have to go again for my birthday dinner!
5	Love the food, service and the "feeling" of being in Hawaii once you are greeted at the door! They know how to do food right! Love the misoyaki butter fish, my personal favorite, and the ahi poki! It is a place where you must let all your senses savor each bite! Even my "I'll never eat fish" daughter will only eat  the poki at Roy's.  It is not a 'shovel and chomp' joint, so go there to indulge in the food and atmosphere!
5	I recently introduced my husband to Roy's. Although he loves my foodie ways, he is sometime skeptical of my higher priced adventures. Roy's is now his "favorite restaurant in the whole wide world!"  We flew into town late and drove over without reservations. No worries, we were still treated with absolute hospitality! I had some delicious Hawaiian Martinis, which I have not quite duplicated at home. We shared the canoe appetizer for two and the Auntie Lie's Aloha Roll. Both were so scrumptious. My favorites in the canoe were the Portabella Pot-stickers and Seared Ahi. I always order the Miso Butterfish, because I just love it so much.  The hubby ordered the Shellfish Sampler, which was even better! I kept stealing the risotto off of his plate! They gave us wonderful care and attention without bothering us on our romantic night. We did not have room for desert on this trip, but I do recommend the Chocolate Lava Cake, which must be ordered 20 minutes in advance. It is so...perfect. I recommend Roy's for dates, or, If you are like me, just a nice meal out on your own. If you ever have any troubles, just speak to a manager. They will bend over backwards to give you and uncomplicated and excellent dining experience. I am so very sad that the Scottsdale location closed, but happy that the Vegas location is doing well, so that I may visit!
4	I've only been here for their happy hour, but it's a really good one, and one of the few for upscale restaurants around town.  If I remember correctly, pretty much everything on the HH menu was $5, so quite a deal for this place.  Portions are HH sized, but the drinks and wine on selection were quite nice.  The sliders were really good, and so was the calamari.  Nice and attentive servers even though there was a large party going on in the bar too.  Another nice thing was the head chef was walking around talking to people, made me feel comfortable.
5	Our anniversary was last month, so we decided to have a nice dinner at a new place. A friend recommended Roy's and I'm so glad we listened!My husband told them it was our anniversary when he made the reservation, but I never imagined the treatment we would receive. When we arrived, our menus had an insert with our names, congratulating us on our anniversary. Every staff-member who stopped by wished us well. Even though we both ordered the winter prix fixe menu that came with dessert, they still brought out a lovely passion fruit cake for us as well. Before we left they asked if they could take a picture and then brought us the photo in a souvenir (paper) frame, signed on the back. It was the perfect reminder for the amazing evening!And lest I forget, the food was incredible. I had the braised 5 spice duck leg to start, and it was rich, complex, and absolutely delicious. My husband had roasted beet and goat cheese salad with lemon grass vinaigrette which was light and refreshing. Both of our main courses (salmon for him, mahi mahi for me) were delightful, especially the meyer lemon sauce on mine. The molten chocolate dessert was rich and decadent....everything was pitch perfect!We will always keep Roy's in mind any time we're looking for a fabulous dinner with an amazing atmosphere!
4	We decided somewhat on a whim to try out Roy's when we caught word that they had their Grand Prix 3 course meal for $36. All and all, it was quite a pleasant experience. The service was great, everybody was incredibly welcoming and our server was quite knowledgeable about the menu.They start all the tables off with some edamame seasoned with some sort of a mildy spicy seasoning and also surprised us with some sort of a sushi roll that was very fresh. All of the people in our party ordered the Grand Prix so we all got to taste a fair amount of item there. Among the appetizers ordered, the stand-outs were the grilled szechuan spiced baby back ribs & lobster potstickers. Let me first say that Roy's does NOT skimp on their portions. The appetizers themselves were the size of many finer restaurant's main entrees. The baby back ribs were made very tender. The sauce was a tiny bit on the sweet side, but other than that, the meat was juicy and pulled right off the bone. The lobster potstickers were quite delicious. The light soy dipping sauce didn't overpower the sweetness of the meat inside the potstickers. They were cooked just to perfection, without burning the bottoms or having that doughy starch taste of being undercooked. After the appetizers, we were all quite excited as everything thus far was delicious. Now onto the main courses. I personally ordered Citrus Tarragon Grilled Salmon. I wasn't too pleased with the item as it wasn't very well grilled. It was charred too much on the outside of the fish and lacked that nice gradual progression to slightly rarer meat in the middle. Their Misoyaki Butterfish which was absolutely delicious. Incredibly succulent and flaky with a very light misoyaki sauce to complement the meat. My girlfriend got the flat iron seared scallops which was also quite delicious. The scallops were enormous and cooked to near perfection with the natural flavor of the scallop still being the main focus of the dish. Last but not least, the desserts. Amongst the table, we tried just about everything on their dessert menu and the key lime creme pie, creme brulee and chocolate lava cake more than held their own. Roy's did an incredible job on the presentation all throughout or meal but their desserts were really well decorated with sugar sculptures skying well above the plate and desserts themselves. Decadent, smooth and rich, not much else needs to be said. All in all, the dining experience was very pleasant. The food held its own and the portions were very generous. And one cant complain about a nice 3 course meal like that for a VERY reasonable $36. I look forward to my next experience there!
4	Came here on a whim and because I was craving fish. First, I ordered the Lakanilau sushi roll which mainly consisted of a snow crab filling wrapped with a carpaccio-style wagyu beef. This was a unique roll and something i'd definitely recommend. I also ordered the Lobster Potstickers, which were pretty amazing. The potstickers came with an orange cream sauce which I'm not sure what it was.For dinner, I ordered the Roy's trio and unlike the rest of this yelp crowd, I didn't think the Misoyaki Butterfish was THAT good. I didn't like how sweet the fish turned out and the tomato topping was a bit too sour for my liking. The fish was cooked perfectly though...it really did feel like butter. The grilled Ahi was served perfectly, seared on the outside and raw on the inside. Even better was the white sauce that accompanied the fish. But my favorite was the salmon. This is, if not, the best salmon I've eaten. The crust was charred to perfect and the middle was cooked to medium. It was ridiculously tender. I have no idea how the chef was able to achieve this, but it was great.
5	Customer Service = 5 out of 5 starsCleanliness = 5 out of 5 starsQuality of Food = 5 out of 5 starsFirst time experience was fantastic.The bartender gave excellent recommendations and the food was definitely fusion inspired for sure. In addition the dessert was top notch - I am not a big fan, but the suffle.Thank you to Roy's staff for a 5 star experience.-ToddCustomer on 3/13/2011
5	This was the first Ro's I'd eaten at approximately 5 years ago. I worked in Las vegas often, once my boss and I were in town and planned to entertain customers. he asked me to choose a decent restaurant and make reservations. I looked in a magazine as well as checking online from my hotel room, the idea of"Hawaiian Fusion" intriqued me as I love asian food and polynesian culture. I earn major kudos from boss, his wife, and our clients that night and I make a point to dine at that oy's whenever I'm in LV, I also like the Roy's locations in southern Caifornia. All location serve fresh delicious dishes. I'm a sushi fan, their fish is great. The butter fish is my fave dish at Roy's. Service is very good, always treated with respect and hospitality.
5	i come here every time in vegas and bring as many people along as possible.probably the best all-around happy hour on earth - $5 cocktails and $5 appetizers.  to understand how great a deal this is you have to try both: the drinks are top shelf with fresh ingredients and the appetizers are a representative sampling from their very creative menu.  in short: get fat, drunk and happy for $30 and under a person.
4	well off the strip but well worth the trip. that's my take on Roy's in Las Vegas on Flamingo Blvd.warmly greeted as we came in - quickly seated as i have made reservations prior to my arrival.  the decor of the restaurant is very inviting. classy - but doesn't make you feel uncomfortable if you decided to show up in shorts and a t-shirt.the ambience around was pleasant - soft chatter amongst the tinkering of silverware to plates and the kitchen working in front of your eyes in the center of the restaurant.what i found impressive was the attention to detail. with myself wearing dark attire - i was given a dark lap napkin while my mom who was wearing lighter colors recieved a white lap napkin. looking thru the menu - i was salvating from everything on the list - even more so when seeing that i can get such great dishes from under $30!everything was great from the miso butterfish - to my surf n turf meal. filet was cooked to perfection and the lobster tail was succulent to the shell.wrapped it all up with the chocolate souffle and a glass of wine. the service was great, the food was spectacular, and the price was right. i'll definitely be back again!
4	Very nice restaurant, definitely a good break from all the meat-centric restaurants that seem to spawn like rabbits in Las Vegas.  When I read that the attire is casual, I thought all the severs were going to be walking around in Hawaiian shirts or something.  But don't be fooled -- this is actual a great semi-formal restaurant that was very good for a business dinner.On the server's suggestion, we had the Lakanilau roll and the Canoe for appetizers, and then I got the Seafood Sampler.  The Lakanilau and the lobster potstickers were definitely the standouts there.  The Seafood Sampler was also good, with good-sized scallops that weren't  although it was really the risotto underneath it all that won me over.  One of my colleagues, however, got the blackened ahi and apparently the sauce that came with it was hot beyond belief.  Overall, a very enjoyable experience, and would definitely like to come again when in town next.
5	There are few things in the world that excite me more than going to Roy's for dinner. Where to start!Roy's has this spectacular way of taking everyone's favourites and turning into edible art. They take their food very seriously and that message is strong the minute you step into the door. The service is always impeccable and prompt, the food is well thought and plated to perfection and the flavours are definitely something to write home about.I recommend the prix-fixe at $34.95 as it includes a little bit of everything for such a great value. If you ever read a review and listen to it- let it be this one you will not be disappointed.
5	Wow amazing food! Loved the atmosphere..classy environment with courteous and professional staff. Chef was a gentleman who came to the table to allow me a few moments to express my gratitude for a wonderful meal and time. Last but not least the Jack & Jill martini...omg! Can't believe it took me 8 years to discover this wonderful Restaurant. The fish trio was my meal selection and had the appetizer sampler! The prices were fair for a gastronomic experience at this level.
3	***Happy Hour Review Only***The best thing about Roys Happy Hour is that it starts (4:30) about an hour before the actual restaurant opens, so we pretty much had the place to ourselves. The restaurant is elegant yet relaxed.Everything on their Happy Hour menu is $5. Alot of us got their Original Hawaiian Martini, which was good. Apps we got were the Lobster California roll which was just average, not much going on there. The Lobster Potstickers were a bit better, had more taste, cooked nicely, loved the sauce, but it were really small, 3 little potstickers:( A friend got the Wagyu Beef Sliders, probably the best deal for the price (2 sliders and some sweet potato fries). The Szechuan Grilled Beef Tenderloin Skewers was a tiny portion also. The Salt & Pepper Crisped Calamari was a decent size dish. My companions seemed to like the food. We shared a Creme Brulee (not on happy hour menu), which was pretty tasty.Staff was great, very attentive, got our food and drinks quickly, being the only ones there helped I think.I'd go back to try the food in the restaurant, but I'd skip Happy Hour. It's just not worth it.
5	The butterfish and the chocolate souffle...pure heaven!
4	I love Roys, this is my ultimate spot to celebrate birthdays and special events.  For some reason though the butterfish tastes better at the location in summerlin, so that is where I always make my reservations.
5	Last evening my husband used the online reservation form  to book a table at Roy's and confirmed in the special occasion box that it was our anniversary.  Roy's is located just off the main Las Vegas Boulevard and for reasons I will explain, well worth the extra for a taxi.From the moment we stepped into the restaurant an hour later, we were congratulated by the staff, there was even a welcome congratulations on the inside of the menu.  We chose the set menu and were very satisfied.  If there was just one doubt, it would have to be that as I don't eat meat, there was only one appetizer selection for me.  I have no problem with seafood and the trout was cooked to perfection.  Prior to the meal, we were given a "tapas" of a lobster potsticker.  The service was impeccable.Before desert, a large square plate arrived with a small desert and a chocolate inscription wishing us a Happy Anniversary and including our names.  A photograph was taken and presented to us in a frame at the end of the meal.  It is really nice to be appreciated as customers especially when the food and atmosphere lives up to the occasion.
3	Here is very clean and mood is so nice. Good place for your special day or events. Waiter's service is the best. I tried hawaiian food for the first time here and  their food was looked so good and very tastey as well, but the amount was small and a bit expensive. Also, there's a bar inside the romantic restaurant.
5	Went here for their happy hour and loved it! Apps and drinks were $5 and they did not disappoint! Beef skewers, wagyu sliders with sweet potato fries, poke, and calamari. All of it phenomenal. I was worried knowing that outback had taken over the chain but was so happy with everything from service to food. A great place for a date or a quick bite before a show on the strip. We will definately return asap!
5	I went to Roy's last night for dinner.  We made it in time for happy hour which boasted $5.00 cocktails all of which were quite good.  We started with the lobster california roll and the aloha roll which isn't on the menu, so you have to ask.  The aloha roll has spicy tuna with fresh salmon and avocado.  Both rolls were fresh and delicious.  Next we had the short ribs, which were surprisingly good.  The flavor was wonderful and the meat was perfectly cooked, tender, but not too tender.  For dinner we had the skin on red snapper in a caper cream sauce.  It was fresh and perfectly cooked.  I'll definitely go back.
5	The bf took me here during a one night stop through Vegas. OMFG can you say DELISH! I'm pretty sure he had an orgasm his butterfish was so damn good. My Mahi was just as tasty and the glass of pino, perfect! We sat at the bar and struck up a convo with the pastry chef there. She was pretty cool. Totally worth the moola spent! You MUST visit this place.
4	This place is heaven on a plate!  This was my second trip to Roy's in Vegas (we first discovered it's wonderfulness in Hawaii on our honeymoon).Service is outstanding.  We were celebrating our anniversary during this visit.  We received a specially created menu for the occasion, in addition to a nice, formal picture that was taken by our server and presented to us in a cute frame at the end of the meal.Now...where to begin with the food!  My husband has celiac disease, so he needs to eat gluten free. Roy's has a decently sized gluten free menu, which included a grilled trout option, that was similar to salmon, and my husband devoured it.  Also, another added bonus is that they have freshly made California rolls (no imitation crab here...only the best of the best).  Because so many restaurants use imitation crab which includes gluten, a simple California roll was a treat for him!I ordered the ahi tuna steak, medium well.  In addition to rice, and steamed bok choy, the sauce included with the fish was a spicy mustard, which was outstanding (I wish I could have bottled some up to bring home and put on all of my food...fish, chicken, even steak...this stuff was great).  The only thing I would have changed is to have had them cook the tuna slightly less, leaving it a little more pink in the middle.  Even so, that was totally my fault...the restaurant actually recommends the tuna to be cooked rare.Finally, topping off our meal, were two desserts for our anniversary, one which included a pretty plate, decorated with "Happy Anniversary Kim and Chris" in chocolate, with a side of coconut sprinkled sorbet.  My husband also couldn't pass up the gluten free, molten chocolate cake with a side of vanilla ice cream.  I had a taste myself...very very rich (I don't even want to think about how many miles I'd have to run to burn it off if I had eaten the whole thing), but very yummy.So overall, I love this restaurant.  It is probably one of my top 5 of all time.  The only reason I can't give it 5 stars is because it is so pricey, so even though the food makes me happy, my credit card bill will be crying out in pain next month.  Regardless, it's perfect for that special occasion (like an anniversary) and I highly, highly recommend.
5	I am not sure why it took me so long to review Roy's since I have been celebrating special occasions at the restaurant for the past five years. I have yet to have a disappointing experience. The service is consistently strong, staff is always knowledgable and friendly, and the food is amazing.  I usually get the macadamia nut encrusted mahi mahi and it never disappoints.  I love the sushi here as well. I recently celebrated my birthday here and it was such a wonderful experience. Everyone was very pleased with their food and the service. They even offer an alternative menu for the vegeterians among us if you let them know in advance. I will definitely be returning!
4	There were some very high points and very low points to this 12 person weekday dinner.  I had made the reservation earlier in the day and had to put down a credit card to hold the reservation.  My 3 aunts and 1 uncle went early, during happy hour, and absolutely loved it.  The other 8 in the party arrived for dinner and we were promptly seated.  Both my uncle and I ordered the miso butterfish which we both thought was amazing (tasty and moist) but my husband thought it bland.  Three people got the filet mignon and all said it was tough.  My mom got fish with no salt and sauce on the side but it arrived in the standard preparation so she sent it back.  One persons fish was raw in the middle, another person's was overcooked but still tasty, they said.  They messed up the dessert order (forgot to bring out one of the two souffles which take 20 minutes to make).  In the end they comped us nicely (add 1 star) but I don't know how they messed up so much.  I am attributing it to the large party size but we only had one person with special requests.
5	My boyfriend and I dined here on our way out of Vegas the last time we were there. All I have to say is... the food was amazing. We shared the braised duck leg to start as well as the Szechuan pork ribs. The sauces on both were incredible. I ordered the rack of lamb, which came with scalloped potatoes (holler!) and the boyfriend ordered the grilled pork tenderloin (served medium rare) with bacon hasbrowns. We finished the meal with a chocolate lava souffle, done so right. The vanilla ice cream augmented the dark chocolate so well.. ugh. Burned my tongue on it, I wasn't able to control myself. Also ordered a latte.. so good!The staff was very courteous and did everything in their power to make sure we had a remarkable experience. The restaurant was very quiet but it was the perfect way to end a Vegas trip. Full and happy!
5	My company goes to Vegas twice a year and this is the only restaurant we visit each trip. The food is amazing and the menu is always changing and updating. Whether it's the poke or calamari the butterfish or the sushi I have never had a bad experience in the numerous times I have eaten there. They even went off the menu and served up an AMAZING kimchi for us. Start off with a mojito (not a fan of those drinks but I make an exception when I am there) and enjoy the meal, whatever you order.
5	Wonderful, Fabulous, Delicious.....Yummy!Went with friends for a birthday and can't say enough "good" about food, atmosphere, service!  A definite "must experience" venue!
5	Hands down a great time with excellent service and even better food. Had a blast here with family and friends last December, rib eye a knockout...will come here again real soon!!
5	I chose this place because of the reviews.  I'm glad I did.  The food was incredible.  I had the mixed green salad and steelhead trout.  The salad had great bold flavors and the steelhead was cooked to perfection and very yummy.  The service was excellent.  With all the great places to eat in Las Vegas, it's hard to decide but you can't go wrong with Roy's.
4	It's great to be back in Vegas and again enjoy Restaurant Week offerings.Wasting no time, Diane and I went to Roy's to sample its cuisine for the first time, and except for an order of sushi, stuck to Restaurant Week menu items.  After a short wait, we were ushered to a booth.  Ambiance was rather elegant, with much polished wood and a show kitchen.  Only a small blotch on our tablecloth detracted from the romantic mood of the setting.After scarfing down all salt-boiled beans inside pods of complimentary and addictive Edamame, which was well seasoned, I opened with Sunrise at Haleakala sushi, a warm, interesting, and crispy roll of tuna, yellowtail, salmon, avocado, and asparagus served with Spicy Butter Sauce on a decorated platter.  This unusual, tasty dish was given tempura treatment on the outside but spicy tuna and other centered, edible focal points were left raw on the inside.  Continuing on with multiple appetizers, Crunchy Golden Lobster Potstickers were served in a mild Spicy Togarashi Miso Butter Sauce.  The potstickers were very good but not that crunchy.  Panko Crisped Calamari with Macadamia Nuts, Orange Chili Glaze, and Yuzu Aioli looked angry, probably because of the highly spicy Higurashi hairs that liberally adorned it, and black spots that looked like crayfish eyes but weren't.  My wife could not handle the high spiciness of the dish, which was noticed by our server, so he brought a whole new batch sans Higurashi hairs.  But, it was still too hot for her to consume.  Diane has a very low tolerance to spicy food.  But, even for me the first batch of calamari was very spicy hot, although the second not so much.  The calamari came with few nuts, but the strips of squid were cooked perfectly, and the very creamy and soothing Yuzu Aioli, with its slightly citrus flavor, ameliorated much of the spiciness of the dish.The Shellfish Sampler, which included a Butter Poached Half Lobster Tail, a moist Seared Crab Cake, a large U10 Sea Scallop, and two medium-sized shrimps with Bok Choy, Mashed Potatoes, and Beurre Blanc, nevertheless seemed to be a small dinner portion.  But, all of the crustaceans were tasty morsels.A large hunk of Roy's Roasted Macadamia Nut Crusted Mahi Mahi was cooked just to correct doneness.  It was well seasoned but perhaps a bit too heavily salted.  The fish melded well with the soft Red Potatoes that supported it and the Maine Lobster Essence that was smeared on the fish platter.  Accompanying asparagus was of the small variety and undistinguished.Roy's Melting Hot Chocolate Souffle was decadent and delicious, especially spooned with the smooth Vanilla Bean Ice Cream and specially requested Lemon Creme Anglaise that accompanied it.  The chocolate inside the souffle was hot and upon being opened did quickly melt as billed.       Another great dessert was the muffin-shaped Mascarpone Cheesecake with Coconut Crust, Lemon Creme Anglaise, and Blueberry Syrup.  The cheesecake was moist and creamy, and blueberries in the Blueberry Syrup added a welcome fruity flavor to this second delicious dessert.  One of the delights of Restaurant Week is that, besides the incentive to try out new places, the three- or four-course meals offered at a reasonable price supply enough different food for a party of two to sample multiple appetizers, entrees, and desserts. Service was friendly, very efficient, and extremely accommodating, and all food was well prepared.  I only wish Diane liked spicy food, so I could make several return trips to Roy's.  I still may sneak back someday on my own!This was a solid 4-1/2-star experience!
5	LOVE! Their happy hour is amazing! The kobe silders with truffle oil sweet potatoes fries was YUM! & It was only $5! Also, their shellfish seafood medley was to die for! Ah..I was in heaven...  ^_^
4	Happy Hour is the place to be. It starts at 4:30 and I want to say ends at 6:30. All drinks and selected appetizers are $5. The eats menu is limited, but has enough variety to give you a taste of Roy's. I had been eating all days so these small bites were perfect. Enough to fill up and inexpensive. The offerings consist of lobster pot-stickers, lobster California roll, calamari, beef skewers, and wagyu beef sliders. All of the items come in tapas size portions. The calamari were tender and possessed the crunch that a superb karage should have. The sliders were the crowd pleaser. The beef was tender, juicy, and flavorful. Topped with caramelized onions, bib lettuce, and tomato made for a simple flavor that did not mask the immeasurable taste of the meat. It comes with sweet potato fries and these are pure crack; seasoned well then garnished with Parmesan shavings.The drinks were a hit or miss. The Mai-Tai is a classic for anyone who wants a drink where the alcohol is not forthright. The same could not be said about my Pineapple Ginger Mojito. What is there not to like? It has all my favorite ingredients in it, but came on like rubbing alcohol. I really wanted to steal my friends Pink Grapefruit Paloma. Why didn't I find out about it during the summer? It is light, refreshing, bubbly and tastes like candy. Getting there early is nice because only one or two other people were in the lounge area with us.
5	What a perfect meal! We were seated right away and greeted by our server, Edmund, who could not have been more charming and informative. We ordered two Hawaiian Martinis - perfect balance of pineapple, vanilla, and coconut. Off to a great start with the martinis and the appetizer assortment that included ginger chicken, lobster potstickers, Szechuan ribs, shrimp and spicy tuna rolls. All of it delicious! I ordered the Misoyaki Butterfish for my main course. OMG! I can see why this fish got this name as it practically melts in your mouth. So delicious with the spicy vinaigrette! The meal was finished off with a delicious coconut tres leches cake. You could hardly taste any coconut, but it was tasty anyway! The wine list was excellent and we had a wonderful pinot grigio with our main course, as well two great dessert wines.This restaurant is a great choice if you want something a little more exotic (Hawaiian fusion) or if the chaos of the Strip is starting to get a little too much. There is a good reason why Roy's is currently ranked one of the best restaurants in Vegas. You won't be sorry.
3	With all of the raving and great things said about Roy's we (5 of us) couldn't wait to come here.  Two of my group had been here before and had nothing but great things to say.  So what went wrong last Tuesday night?First the good stuff:  We decided to order drinks, yak for awhile then order.  We told that to the waiter who couldn't quite seem to get it but finally did.  I ordered  a Watermelon and Jalapeno Margarita.  Premium liqour, sliced jalapeno's and one of the best drinks I've ever had.  Went well with the great bowls of edamame they serve as you settle in your seat.   My friends' salmon, butterfish and shrimp dishes were deemed excellent and they were!   Lilokai salad was very different with toasted macadamia nuts.  We liked it very much. I ordered the halibut in dashi broth with scallion spaezle.  I love spaezle and this one sounded different.   Then I  realized I could substitute so I changed my order  by ordering the pancetta wrapped Hebi but subbed a side of spaezle instead of the squash.   The waiter said "no problem at all."  Well there must have been a problem.....Here's the bad stuff:   The edamame that we still had half of one bowl left was whisked away along with our dishes while we were still munching on the stuff.  When we told our waiter he apologized and said he'd bring another.  He didn't.  We asked again,  He still didn't.  We TOLD him again and he finally did.   I had no knife and no napkin.  When I asked for napkin I had to repeat my request to the busboy cuz our waiter never brought it.  I never got the knife I asked for 3 times.   The waiter brought our dinners.   I got the halibut.  Realized I got the wrong dinner and by the time I was brought the Hebi I ordered most of my tablemates had finished eating.   The Hebi was tough, I needed a knife to cut it.  Never have cut fish with a knife before but had to borrow a knife from my friends sitting next to me cuz my knife never arrived.    The fish was bland as well as tough so it was a double whammy for me.  J. said her butterfish was outstanding, C. loved her salmon as did M., and they insisted I try it.  They were right, it was awesome. L. said the shrimp was to die for.   I got screwed.   LOL. I just ordered the wrong thing is all, but the service was bad, just plain bad.   There were two other tables occupied when we got there so there was no excuse.   When we left the place was packed full and for a Tuesday that was impressive.   I would love to give this place another try and maybe I will but the service had better improve.   For the $73.00 that dinner cost me I expected more. Ambience:  Beautiful and romantic.
4	Similar to the one I've been to in LA.  I like the service and the food.  Great fish!
5	This review is long delayed.  I have been coming to Roy's in Las Vegas for more than 5 years now.  As a matter of fact, when my husband turned 40 2 years ago, we chose this place for his birthday dinner.  It was wonderful and all of our friends 20 of our friends who came loved it.One thing that I really like about this place is that they are always very consistent.  Their food selection is healthy, fresh and always delicious.  Service is the best.  They seem to read my mind when I need more water, more edamame, or even when I need a taxi.  The last time I came here was last weekend for Halloween, Tiffany did a great job explaining the menu and making some recommendations.  I was actually very impressed that they proactively split the prix fixe menu for 2 of my friends who were sharing (because they were not very hungry and the other one was sick) and did not charge extra for doing it.  Most restaurants would charge for it or just serve it and just give you extra plates.  Oh I love their service - 5 stars!I had the prix fixe  menu - the salmon was perfectly cooked and seasoned, the stuffed shrimp was to die for and the chocolate souffle just delivered me to dessert heaven.  Oh my!  I am craving those hot chocolate souffle and I don't even like chocolate - figure it out.  Only Roy's can make me feel that way about chocolates  - and that is the honest truth.
4	Wow! Glad I picked this place. The food and atomosphere was excellent.Whenever I'm in vegas I like to eat somewhere new. While it is of the strip and I did not know what to expect Roy's was the perfect choice for seafood and I will return. Our server Tiffany was a delight and her recomendations were spot on. I recomend to all friends who go to Las Vegas.
4	Great time at Roy's last night.  I had to go with 4 stars rather than 5 because their Google Place listing displays the wrong address and they know about it and have not fixed it :(.  So, it took a few extra minutes to get to dinner.That said, the food was great.  The "ultimate sampler" (I am sure they call it something else) was super good and so was the chocolate souffle for desert.  It did take about 20 minutes for the souffle to be prepared so here is a tip -- order it about half way through your meal.
5	Hands down the best place I have eaten in all of Vegas so far on any of my trips.  This time I had the filet, but also had the sampler plate that has a mix of everything.  Their sushi is good, short ribs, potstickers, desserts ... etc EVERYTHING I have had here is AMAZING.  Do yourself a favor and go there and start picking any and everything off the menu ... I will be back to this place every time I visit Vegas.
5	A group of us went for a 50th birthday.  From the moment we walked in they made the birthday girl feel special.  From including a special page in the menu with her name and a birthday greeting to the fresh berries with "happy birthday" spelled out in chocolate at the end!  In addition, our waiter, Melvin, was amazing!  He was extremely knowledgeable about the menu and everything he recommended we ordered and we loved all of it! He also recommended a very reasonable bottle of wine that was fantastic.  He gave us plenty of time, didn't rush us or hover but was very attentive.  This is not one of those trendy, overpriced, "hip" vegas restaurants so if that is your scene, you may be disappointed.  However, if you want really good food and excellent service for a reasonable price then I highly recommend it!
5	I decided to take my bff to Roy's as a surprise for his Bday. I had an evening planned of dinner and fun and Roy's was definitely an excellent choice for his surprise seafood wish.To start off dinner we actually had a couple of the "Original Hawaiian Martinis" - Maui pineapples are drenched in SKYY Vodka, Stoli Vanil Vodka & Malibu Coconut Rum.Shaken and served with fresh pineapple (SOOOOO Yummy.)We then decided to skip the appetizers and went straight for our dinner entries. My bff got the Roy's Trio which had Hibachi Salmon, Macadamia Nut Crusted Mahi Mahi & Misoyaki Butterfish then sides of Baby Bok Choy & Steamed Rice. An absolute must try if you have a hard time deciding to dedicate to just ONE fish :-) I did the Shellfish Sampler (another moment of indecision here) which had the Butter Poached Half Lobster Tail,Seared Crab Cake, U-10 Sea Scallop & Shrimp with the most delish Macadamia Nut Pesto Risotto & Lobster Curry Sauce. Absolutely amazing. Our two dishes together made for a teeny little Roy's sampler buffet and was to die for. Unfortunately at this point we were way too full for dessert so we will be going back to try their Prixe Fixe menu.A side note, my friend got a special little menu with his name on it and the Happy Bday greeting. nice touch. We had only experienced this one other time at the Oceanaire in San Diego .
5	I'm glad I, finally, had the chance to try Roy's....altho it's funny how I never tried this Hawaiian fusion restaurant in my hometown of Honolulu. Go figure.What's even better is I tried this place for my birthday dinner with the Vegas fam/friends.Service was stellar. Waiters were so attentive, polite, and patient with all our questions about the menu. I felt so special seeing my name on the menu with the "Happy Birthday" caption above it. Such a great surprise! Swear, I was smiling from ear to ear and wanted to cry when I saw it. I'm such a sap! lolStarted with the great appetizer of Corzo on the rocks and a splash of coke =)The lilikoi mixed greens was delicious. Not as sweet as I expected from the lilikoi which was perfect because that's exactly what I was afraid of. heheNormally, I'd get lamb but, since this spot was known for their fish/seafood (obviously!), I went with the Roy's Seafood Sampler which was lobster, crab cakes, shrimps, and scallops with rissotto and a lobster curry sauce. The curry sauce was kinda of unexpected and different but, good. I just didn't eat much of the sauce lolNot sure the name of my friend's dish but, it was roasted chicken in some pot. lolTechnical name, I know but, it was soooooo good. Reminded me of some homecooked meal my grandma would cook or something. Broth was soooo rich!Ended with cute desserts!All in all, I'd love to come back here for more seafood fare. Reading about the happy hour makes me excited to go back =)
3	Went twice during a recent visit to LV.  The first night, we hosted a party with five guests.  The waitier Edmon tried to upsell us at almost every opportunity, from a suggestion to start with a house specialty cocktail..to the tune of $14-15 each.  Then some high-priced appetizers were suggested.   He was more that happy to suggest some pricy wines, which of course would have spiked his "fixed tip" (due to  the size of the party they added 20% to the total).Was the food good?  Yes, but the service left a lot to be desiredThe second day my wife and I stopped by for happy hour.   A great value.  Good drinks and good pupus.  Like Roy's at Hawaii Kai! ;)
5	I rarely have dressy clothes with me when I go to Las Vegas.  I'm not into the shows, and I tend to avoid the higher-end dining "experiences" except for the occasional casino steakhouse with friends.   So when some circumstances had me going from a business trip straight to my Vegas getaway, I decided to splurge.   And I really wanted seafood, and I really wanted to eat off strip.I've been to Roy's in Chicago and enjoyed it, and saw that their Flamingo locaiton was rated #1 for all Vegas restaurants on another site.  That seemed a bit odd, but I figured I'd go for it.   Plus they use OpenTable, and I could get in sufficiently late after the dinner rush to be able to relax.The location is easy to find, the place had cleared out, and the valet let me park my own car.  In fact, they weren't that busy, which made me wonder why there were no times available between 6:30-8pm on OpenTable.  Maybe because I was a party of 1.  Next time, I'd probably call.The food and service were both outstanding.  The server handled checking my allergies against the menu extremely courteously and efficiently.  I ordered three courses - a tiger prawn appetizer, a fuji apple salad, and a butterfish.   The apple salad might be the best thing I've eaten in a month - the chef had juxtaposed curry spices against the apple and greens for a delicious taste.  My butterfish was excellent as well, delicate and full of flavor.Three courses plus a glass of white wine was $85 after tip.  Definitely a splurge, but the service was outstanding and I was really able to relax after a long day (I'd started at 5am Pacific, had a morning meeting, and flown in after lunch) and the food was worthing of savoring.  The place is on the small side, and I'm not sure I'd feel the same luxurious pace on a Friday or Saturday night at 7pm, but I'll definitely keep Roy's in mind the next time I'm out here with friends who want to go for seafood.
5	Excellent service!  Came here with a friend for Aloha Hour, great service, amazing prices of drinks (all drinks $5) from 4:30 to 6:30.   All the appetizer's where cooked perfectly.
5	My partner and I came here for my birthday dinner on Monday evening and I couldn't have asked for a better experience.Everyone from the greeters to the food runners were exceptionally polite and kind. Our waiter was VERY knowledgable on the menu and made some amazing recommendations.The restaurant itself is gorgeous. The food presentation is top notch, not to mention the spectatular quality of the food.I will definitely be returning here as often as possible!
5	I've been wanting to visit this restaurant for years and it was worth the wait.  The food was delicately prepared and arranged- beautiful presentations tend to make you savor and sample. And the butterfish!  It tastes exactly how it sounds. Our server was very versed, knowledgeable, and friendly. Small intimate setting. It is nice to know that Las Vegas has places like this that put a delicious and thought-out spin on what a typical meal consists  of.
5	party of seven, we arrive on time, and are pleasantly treated, and seated right away.  Our service was perfect all night.  The ambiance was warm and comfortable.  We had the sampler appetizer plate, and it was delicious.  I had the marinated hawaiian fish, and the pineapple upside down cake.  Everybody commented how great the service and meal was.  You can't go wrong here.
5	When you step into Roy's you are instantaneously transported to your Hawaiian getaway. It really feels like you are on vacation on the islands. Try Roy's signature Hawaiian martini and try to tell me different. It's perfect. We came here for valentines and had the four course prefix menu which ended with the most incredible chocolate souffle. It sent me over the edge. Roy's staff were all friendly and efficient. They all had the aloha spirit. The manager came to the table and gave us a $20 gift certificate after we paid the bill. How sweet is that? I love this place. It was a memorable dinning experience.
3	The Butter Fish is one hell of a dish. 5 mother stars! We tried various appetizers and I do not plan on ordering any of them again. I was particularly disappointed with the lobster potstickers because they were so overrated! I'd say the appetizers are in the edible 3 stars category.I ordered an old fashioned and it was terrible. I'm guessing their bartenders are not real bartenders but some random staff? The old fashioned is the most basic and one of the oldest drink so I'd think a restaurant like Roy's wouldn't get it wrong. Hence, I will rate them as a 1 star in this category.The service was standard and around 4 stars because our waiter was on his game with all our dishes. I'd definitely come here again for the Butter Fish. Nothing else, just him.
4	Excellent seafood. Try the price fix menu on Mondays and save some cash.
5	Roy's is the best place to go for a special event.  From start to finish, what a great expereince!!  We placed our reservation online and they asked if it was a special occaision. Not many reservation services do that, so kudos there.  We indicated yes, my sisters birthday and gave her full name.  First tip - take advantage of Aloha Hour.  ALL SPECIALTY DRINKS WERE $5!!! Best MaiTai I had since being in Hawaii.  A menu of great appetizers was available, ALL FOR $5!!!  We got there about 1 hour before reservation and had a great time in the bar area.  About 15 minutes before our reservation someone from the restaurant came up and seated us early, no problem.  We opened the menus and right away noticed a special note in each wishing my sister a happy birthday. How cute!Food was EXCELLENT!! The staff was gracious, cordial and as attentive as you could possibly want without even remotely being annoying.  They served my sister a special dessert, took her picture and gave it to her with a birthday note along with inserts from menu.  She felt so specialThere is a Roy's in Chicago but haven't gone yet.  Tried to go to the one in Hawaii while on vacation, didn't makeit .  Finally made it to the one in Vegas and now its one of my favorites now!!  Can't wait to try it here.
5	Excellent food, excellent service....had a special birthday event held here, worked with the manager to make sure the night was special.  They created a customized, personalized menu, centered around our party.  4-course meal at it's best.  The menu consisted of a appetizer, salad, entree and deserts.  Food was very fulfilling, atmosphere and vibe was great.  Some people in our group had never experienced "fine dining" and they were blown away by the presentation and how prepared our hostess was....looking forward to visiting again....Nite was memorable
5	We had dinner at this Roy's for the second time during another trip to Vegas and it was just as delicious as the previous visit in 2010.  There were three of us and we each had a different entre:  Mahi Mahi, Opakapaka and blackened Ahi.  Each was cooked perfectly and the plates were clean when removed from the table.  My wife's pear and candied macadamia nut salad was also wonderful.  Service was also outstanding in al respects.I have eaten in Roy's restaurants in Hawaii and on the mainland many times and have yet to experience a bad meal or service, so they are highly recommended.  If you would like to have a very nice meal off the strip give this place a try.  I don't think you will be disappointed.
5	There is a word for this place: Perfect. Don't bother disagreeing because if you do, you're wrong. When it comes to food, I'm always right. Moving on...Priority One: Go to the Aloha Hour. The Aloha Hour is magical. All your wildest dreams and fantasies come true at the Aloha Hour. It is 4:30 to 6:30 every single day of the week. ALL speciality drinks are $5 bucks. A huge selection of appetizers are $5 bucks. Life changing! Incredible meal, incredible drinks, incredible staff, incredible atmosphere. Love it. Need it. Gotta have it. Like I said, perfect.
5	WOW is the only thing I can say when I left this place. The food was absolutely amazing. I had the pleasure of eating several courses and each bite was great. But the one thing that takes this place over the top is the service.  Our servers were very knowledgeable of the menu and options and made spot on recommendations. Everyone was extremely professional and welcoming. I do intend of on returning. Unfortunately it is a bit pricey but is worth it. While I wont be going every week but special occasions and anytime I am feeling like a treat I know where I am going.
5	Awesome restaurant!  They even created a special "Happy Anniversary" flyer custom-made with our names and they inserted it into the dinner menu. Before we left, they removed both flyers and wrapped it up for us to take home as souvenirs. What a nice, personal touch. Food was fantastic (of course) and service very good too. Chocolate souffle was so rich and creamy. Oh, and they also gave us a complimentary dessert for our anniversary too, with chocolate words that said "Happy Anniversary" with our names on the plate of dessert. Beautiful touch!
5	We came  here with two other couples. Got two of the appetizer combos. In the combo, the ribs and shrimp were phenomenal, the sushi roll was good and the pot sticker and chicken tempura satay were ok. Next time will just order shrimp and rib appetizer. For mains we had lamb chops, mahi, short ribs and surf and turf. Best was the lamb with risotto and short ribs. Everything else was very good except mahi which was average. For desert we had the chocolate soufle which was another winner. I think it was a good value for the service and quality of food.
5	Service was excellent.  Lobster pots tickets were perfect and the scallops were, perhaps, the best I've ever had.  I'm going back.
5	Here's what you get for not listening to the bartender:  Instead of getting the butterfish, you get the Roy's Trio instead just to, you know, hedge your bets.  Never again.  The butterfish is the way to go, even if you're like me, fellow ginger hater (yes, I am the one Chinese person in the world who hates both ginger and spicy foods).I started off with a mango mojito, which was absolutely delicious but also absolutely devoid of any kind of a kick.  For appetizers, we got the Lakanilau roll, the calamari and the blackened ahi.  For somebody who loves raw fish, I was at first a little disappointed we weren't getting actually maki, but oh good golly, that roll was CRAZY GOOD.  Order it.  You won't be disappointed.And then my trio came out.  In case you can't tell from the intro, the butterfish was by far the best of the three.  Don't get me wrong, the others were also delicious, but it doesn't hold a candle to the star -- rich, flavorful, the way that fish is meant to be cooked.  The portions were a mite small when divided into three dishes, so I definitely would recommend getting just one plate.  Last time I got the Shellfish Sampler, which also was a trio but had bigger portion sizes.We got talked into getting dessert.  I had a small bite of the chocolate souffle, which was one of the best I've ever had.And given the many choices that Vegas has to offer, I have to say that Roy's is reasonably priced for the quality of the cuisine.  Very happy and can't wait to try the Chicago location.
5	PHENOMENAL!  Roy's food is beyond amazing and is only matched with its incredible service.  I have never been to a restaurant that pays such great attention to details, ones you don't even realize matter.  We came here for a friend's birthday dinner, and to start off, Roy's personalized our table's menus with inserts to acknowledge the occasion.  Not only that, after we'd ordered, the birthday girl got to take home her personalized inserts.  For dinner, I had the chef's specialty - Garlic Rubbed Hawaiian Tombo - and it was simply divine.  The tuna was seared perfectly to maintain a raw center and was served atop a bed of chilled soba noodles.  The ponzu sesame sauce complemented the fish with just the right amount of tang and saltiness.  The portions are enough to allow room for an appetizer to share and/or a dessert to end the meal.  Our group had both!   For dessert, we had the Roy's Melting Hot Chocolate Souffle.  It definitely did not disappoint.  The chocolate was rich and the souffle had a gooey warm center.  This is the type of restaurant that has desserts made to order, so start ogling the dessert menu when your entrees come out so there's enough time for the dessert to be made to perfection.  Pair the souffle with a bite of the vanilla bean ice cream - it is melt-in-your-mouth amazing!The birthday girl also received a special birthday dessert plate, which was personalized with her name, and to top it all off, our waiter took a picture of our party and gave us a framed copy at the end of our meal.    When we thought Roy's couldn't get any better, the waiter made sure to call us a cab so that after paying the bill, we could easily get back to our hotel on the strip.  We hadn't even thought about the fact that cabs may be harder to hail when you're off the strip, but no worries, because Roy's took care of us.  I highly recommend coming to Roy's if ever you've got a special occasion to celebrate.  You'll definitely leave feeling like the day was properly commemorated.
2	I had a very underwhelming experience compared to the other reviews here. The service was sub-par, wait staff were busy and missed us sitting in the bar area for a while, then I ordered a drink that never came. Appetizers were good and an OK value. The entree was a major let down, I ordered the $40 shellfish sampler and I felt jipped. Small pieces of seafood that were overcooked and left me unsatisfied. I think they were frozen. I would not recommend the dish. I had to order the Aloha rolls afterwards to fill me up, which were decent.Overall there are much better happy hours and dinner places around town, this spot is located alongside a lot of other high end restaurants and probably benefits from location greatly. 2/5
4	This is one of my favorite hawaiian fusion restaurant. I love the regular menu and the happy hour menu,. For the regular menu you may want to try to order the  sampler it has 3 types of meats, that will give you a taste of what Roy's is all about. I had my birthday celebration here and they make you feel really special with a special menu greetings for your birthday or whatever occasion it may be. Then a photographer comes to take yoru picture to capture your dining experince,.If you did not want to dine in the regular price menu they have an awesome happy hour menu from 5-8pm half off appetizers, fanging from 2-5 dollars. way awesome to relax after work and chat with your freinds in the lounge. Love this place and would highhly reccomend it!
4	First of all I have to say that I was here a few weeks back as part of a company dinner event with clients, and we were seated in a private party room with a pre-fix menu, so this review is based on that.Now, I have to admit that the food is quite good here, and worthy of the many glowing reviews being bandied about.We started with a "Family Style Canoe" which featured crunchy golden style lobster potstickers, sesame seared shrimp, grilled Szechuan pork ribs, and blackened island ahi. Everything on this appetizer boat was very good, but the ribs were absolutely amazing! I pretty much scoffed down all four ribs that were on the plate - sorry everyone who didn't get one!"Sweet Home Waimanato Salad was next. It came with a creamy herb dressing. As far as salads go it was just ok and pretty standard. There were four plates offered as entrees. As a main entree I ordered the "Hibachi Grilled Salmon" which came with a Japanese citrus ponzu. The salmon was prepared perfectly, and was a great choice for one trying to eat healthy while on the road.Of course, it's not all about having no fun, as I had to try the "Dessert Sampler Plate". Each plate came with three mini desserts. Yeah, I ate all three. Can't remember much of what they were, maybe a cheesecake thing, and a chocolate thing, but all were eaten happily.The staff here is on-point. Everyone I encountered were more than helpful and highly courteous. Our room was nicely appointed and they even had a special menu printed up for our company event which added a personal touch. Must definitely book a meal here next time in Vegas on a vacation to check out what a regular dinner is like. Great spot off the strip!
5	After searching Yelp and Trip Advisor (Roy's is #1 on T.A.), and seeing a salivate-worthy happy hour menu, my wife and I stopped in our first night whilst in Vegas.  We desired selection, so we stuck with only the happy hour appetizers, and ordered four different ones:  Both sushi rolls, lobster pot stickers and the sliders with sweet potato fries.  The food was out of this world!  It completely filled us up for $20 bucks total (not including my $3 beer).  Service was spot on as well.  My wife's Sprite never even reached 1/4 glass before refills...same with our waters.  This is the sort of thing I look for at upscale eateries.  Which is why it deserves a perfect "5".  Amazing food, cleanliness and service:  A must visit!
5	Happy hour is m-f, 4:30-6:30. $5 appetizers and cocktails.
5	Wow,  the service here is second to none! Truly outstanding.  I didn't care for my dinner but that was due to my ignorance of what I ordered. My wife lived hers.  They went above and beyond to make up for my mistake.
2	So... I was rather unimpressed with this place.  Just pulling into the parking lot I had to go around 2 cabs that were parked out front of the restaurant, I would never advise anyone to leave the strip to take a cab here, it's really not worth it.  Then I almost hit 2 people who were coming on the wrong side of the parking lot on their scooters [ya I'm not kidding].We were a little early for our reservation which was at 7:45, we got there at 7:00, the hostess informed us we were early and that we'd have a seat once it was time. There were like um I dunno 15-20 unoccupied tables-OK.  So we went to the bar that was indeed crowded and sure enough just missed happy hour by like 5 mins, that sucked [minus2].  Ordered a drink with one guy, who then left the bar and was taking orders at a table, 5 mins later girl brings our drinks over. Dirty martini wasn't very  'dirty  [minus 3]After about 30 mins I went back to the hostess stand and asked if our table was ready yet.  It was, she walked 4 steps behind where we were sitting at the bar [now mind you this table was empty the whole freaking time] and sat us at a table by the bar. UMMMMM Ok how did that make sense?. [minus 4]Bartender comes over and takes our order. I ordered a lobster dim sum appetizer that was really good.  Prices were reasonable, [plus 1], ordered a seafood combo and my friend ordered scallops.Mine came out and was pretty good, the sauce on top of it  reminded me of a lobster bisque soup, the pea risotto was rather meh.  Friend's scallops were undercooked in my opinion, so much so, that he asked me if it was OK that he ate that them way. Waiter came over mentioned the scallops he said they always cook the scallops medium rare. hmmmm so I Googled it, it's there but I have never heard of medium rare scallops.  Anyhow, 3 out of the 4 scallops were cooked right, one scallop was definitely pink in the middle.So the food was MEH for me, the service was MEH for me.. i have no intentions of returning!
4	I was looking for a special place in Yelp to treat my beautiful fiancee for a nice birthday when I come accross Roys. So, I made the reservation online and arrived on time. We were greeted by a nice host that congratulate my fiancee on her birthday. A terminator looking server that seems to just wanna get over the order and get the heck out of a way.  The food was fantastic thought the cakes is too small, I prefer the tao restaurant when it comes to birthday cake, they really go all out. All and all, everything was alright and we enjoy our meals.
5	Excellent food and service! My girlfriend and I went to Vegas to celebrate her birthday and I was seeking a restaurant for her birthday dinner. After comparing prices, locations, and the reviews of restaurants near the strip, I decided to make a reservation at this Roy's location. Reservation is easy! You can make your reservation online, and make a note about special occasion and the foods that you are allergic to. After making the reservation, I called them twice (once to change my reservation time, another one to check dress code) and they were responsive and friendly on the phone. Once arrived, we were greeted by a very friendly hostess/server. She immediately confirmed my girlfriend's birthday and avocado allergy, and my girlfriend was pleasantly surprised. Throughout the dinner, there were some little surprises for the birthday girl (I won't spoil the details - don't worry, not the usual happy birthday song). My girlfriend ordered the Garlic Rubbed Hawaiian Tombo, which was excellent. I had the Roy's Trio with salmon, mahi mahi and butterfish. The salmon was fresh, but it's the misoyaki mahi mahi and butterfish that really impressed me. They were exceptionally good. For my future visits, I will have their butterfish for sure. Additionally, the easy parking and the location (near the strip but away from the heavy traffic) made this visit an easy trip. The entire experience was wonderful overall and I definitely recommend this restaurant.
5	I had always heard this restaurant had great deserts, but that's all I ever heard.  Finally came here last night.I got the Lilikoi salad, the Hawaiian style Butterfish, and the chocolate souffle.  The butterfish is like a sea bass if I had to explain it to someone.  Whatever is in this misoyako makes this dish memorable.  Hands down I would tell anyone to order this fish and the group should share this dessert.Service is phenomenal.  The restaurant is beautiful.  I don't care if this is a chain, because it doesn't feel like one.
5	Having grown up eating Hawaiian food, parents are from Maui, I would like to think that I have a certain "tongue" for the flavors of the islands.  I've never been able to make it to the Downtown LA branch.   This past weekend's Vegas trip for my cousins birthday allowed us to finally try it out.  I tend to not like "fusion" restaurants as they tend to butcher the cuisine away from the traditional and towards the mainstream taste.  I can honestly say that Roy's does no such butchering.Service:  If I could give a 10 star just for service I would.  On the way to the restroom, I stopped by the front desk and informed them that it was my cousins birthday.  I had found out later that a Happy Birthday message was given to my cousin as I was in the restroom.  Our drinks were never empty over the entire meal, sometimes even being replaced when half empty.  Our waiter was awesome and was very truthful about his recommendations.  As we walked out the front door after dining, the valet had my car already sitting there.  Top notch service!Appetizers:  For appetizers we had - Tiger Prawns w/ Pad Thai, Rock Shrimp & Peaches, Ahi Tuna Poke and the Heirloom Tomato & Crispy Mozzarella Salad.  All were great, I'd have to say the tomato and mozzarella salad was the best of the 4 with the Poke in a close second.Main Dish:  I had the Misoyaki Butterfish.  This was excellent as well.  Flavors were bold and the fish was exceptionally prepared.  Dessert:  Roy's Melting Hot Chocolate Souffle.  This was by far the star of the meal.  Do not look at anything else for dessert, just order it!  I cannot put into words how good this was.I loved the whole evening at this Roy's and cannot wait to try the Downtown LA branch.  Hopefully it will be sooner rather than later.....
4	I was never really all that interested in going to Roy's and only went because I had a gift card from a friend. We were all set to order the summer prix fixe menu until our server recommended the Lobster Pot Stickers, Heirloom Tomato & Mozzarella Salad, Hibachi Salmon, Macadamia NutCrusted Mahi Mahi & Misoyaki Butterfish & the Hawaii Kai Style Beef Short Ribs.  SOLD. It was all great and our server was great. Nice atmosphere, & no wait.Really glad I had the gift card to make me go.  I will definitely go again.
5	My wife and I came to Las Vegas to celebrate our anniversary.  After the Roy's closed in Austin, we were anxiously anticipating dining at Roy's during our visit.    The food and service was impeccable, and the staff went out of their way to make the evening very special, with incredible attention to detail.  This was a memorable experience.  Well done!
5	I haven't written one of these in about a year, but I had to get on here and give Roy's the respect it deserves for having easily the best service in Las Vegas.We called last minute to get reservations on a Friday and offhandedly mentioned that we were part of a bachelor party. Upon arriving, our menues had special inserts on the front page congratulating the groom-to-be. When the appetizers came, they were followed by a complimentary champagne toast. The meal itself was great, and the mix of different price levels worked great for our diverse group. Some people got a few sushi rolls or appetizers for dinner while others went for full entrees.When someone from our group asked about splitting the check halfway through the meal, not only did our waiter do this, but he actually split the cost of single appetizers among the people who shared them. This was above and beyond, I wouldn't expect any restaurant to do this, and to be honest, if I was asked I would probably lie and say that the computers wouldn't allow it.On our way out, the manager asked if we wanted a picture together and took one with his digital camera. Before we got into our cab, we had a printed picture in a cardboard photo frame. What an amazing experience.We ate at Bouchon on this trip as well, but save a few dizzyingly great plates there, I'd have to say that Roy's was the best dining experience we had in Las Vegas.
5	This place was amazing.  Excellent staff.  Can not tell you how nice and patient and helpful they were with making choices.  Service was quick.  Whenever we needed something they were right there.  No need to hunt them down.  Great for family.  We went with our two sons (11 and 13) .  They brought out a plate for each of them with appetizers on the house to hold them over until the food got there.  They both loved their dinners and again brought out dessert on the house (with their names written in chocolate).  They also did the family photo as the other reviewers mentioned.  What a nice touch.  We never bring out camera anywhere so to get a photo every now and then of the family is a big deal.  Our entire family loved everything we ordered.  You can't go wrong.  We tried several appetizers and shared entrees so that we could taste everything so order away you wont be disappointed.  If you are not sure of a dish they couldn't be better about describing it to you.  Even the kids meals are excellent grilled salmon, what a treat for my son. (Not mac and cheese or microwaved pizza)  My favorite the lobster california roll.  Wow.  Everyone would have been happy to return the very next night.  Total bill with wine and appetizers $150 but you definitely need to add on the appropriate tip because the service is excellent.  Off the strip but not out of the way by any means.  A must try.
5	For our 27th Anniversary I chose this place to celebrate 2 weeks ago based on the many glowing Yelp reviews on food, service and atmosphere of this place. So my review may be redundant but just wanted to add why our experience deserves 5 Plus Stars!Service: Everyone from the valet guy who greeted us, the bartender, servers in the lounge area, hostess who seated us, the server who kept our drinks filled and cleared our table at all times, the manager who came around to check on us and most importantly our main server Kevin who is an outstanding asset to Roys Las Vegas.. They all are rockstars who made our evening special!Dining Area/Atmosphere - Dining area is Contemporary with touch of tropical nuances throughout. Dressy Casual, not super fancy. I saw people dressed up from a wedding party and diners dressed in casual docker type shorts/slacks short sleeved button down collared shirts.Extra Special!! - I had noted it was our 27th anniversary on our reservation. What a nice surprise to find when we opened up our menu there was a printed Happy Anniversary greeting inserted in there!  Our server Kevin said they would pack it for us as momentous.  Also as locals we received a complimentary appetizer that the Chef prepared especially for us.  We were served seared ahi tuna that was delicious!  And the surprises kept coming!! When our dessert was being served they also presented us  with another Happy Anniversary greeting scrolled in chocolate with 2 decadent chocolate brownies w/strawberries.  Kevin also took  our picture and later came out with it framed i a special Roy's Las Vegas frame! What a nice moment for our special day.Food: Mr. B got the Prixe Fix menu with Bulgogi Chicken Satay, Hangar Steak and White Peach Mousse....I ordered Surf & Turf Mixed plate of Petite Filet, Lump Crab Oscar w/ Butter Poached Asparagus and Poblano Mash as my sides. Lobster succulent, steaks tender, everything was delicious.  My picky husband also loved everything on his plate! Desserts...White Peach Mouse and my Chocolate Souffle (which I should note make sure you put in your order ahead because it takes a while to bake) was all "oh my god this is so good" dessert. Overall this place is probably tops some of the more fine dining places we've been too. Very impressive Roys!
4	the quality of and consistency of the food at the location is on par with other locations we've dined at.  my favorite location is still the anaheim location for it's decor and service. overall a good dining experience.
4	Great service by Chad.Quinoa Salad, Rib Appetizer, Goat Cheese stuffed Squash blossoms were awesome.Prix Fix Entrees were ok . Bone-in chicken? Really.  the crusted pork was salty.The Chocolate Souflee is the real deal awesome.  Pass on the Green Tea cake.  Had we ordered 2 different entrees here, our experience would have been better.Great Mai Tai :-)
5	My boyfriend and his family are huge Los Angeles Kings Hockey fans. Every year The Kings play a preseason game in Las Vegas, and it always falls on my Birthday weekend.  This year mom wanted to join us so she could celebrate my birthday weekend with me.  To celebrate my Birthday she took me and my boyfriend out to dinner at Roy's at 7:30p on September 28, 2012.  I had an awesome Birthday experience!We were lead to our table and handed customized Birthday Menus announcing MY Birthday!!!  This customized approach really adds to the reason's of why I'm glad I chose Roy's as my Birthday dinner place.  Our waiter Thomas, made for a very welcoming experience, his personality makes you feel as if you are right at home. He was very attentive and informative and was able to accurately describe all the dishes we asked about and make them seem tantalizing.  He also peaked our interest with some of the specials he described.  Throughout the meal we never had to want for anything as he was always available to serve us.We decided we could order a few plates and share a bit as well.To start -The Lobster California Roll:  I order variations of this roll at many places I frequent and Roy's did not disappoint.  Also the portion was a very good amount so that we were all able to share and there was still a piece or two left.My Mom - Shellfish Sampler: The lobster tail was huge and very meaty.  It melted in your mouth.  The scallops we so tasty and also huge. The crab cake recipe was delicious.  The curry sauce drizzled over the meal was flavorful and just the right amount of spicy/smokey taste. They should really bottle and sell that stuff. Normally I don't go for alot of carbs but I couldn't stop eating the Macadamia Nut Pesto Risotto from her plate.  Strawberry Daiquiri - How could you go wrong with this?  and Roy's did not disappoint. Me - Lilikoi Pear Salad: I love their Candied Macadamia Nuts! I was eating a salad but it definitely felt like I was cheating. There was plenty of Gouda cheese in the salad, unlike some restaurants who want to skimp on the expensive cheese.  The Asian Pears went great with the salad and the dressing balanced it all out.DeLoach Pinot Noir from California - I loved this wine.  It was rich and had a slightly sweet red cherry or blackberry hint to it.My Bf - Pan Seared Trout.  Again, the portion of the meat was more than expected. This fish was flaky and smooth.  The sauces and side dish pairings were detectible.The Jalepeno Margarita - We are Tequila drinkers and our favorite mixed drink would probably be the margarita.  This is why this menu item piqued our interest.  This is definitely not your normal margarita but if you are in the mood to try something different it is one that I would recommend.The Chocolate Molten Cake was very decadent.  The only problem was that I was stuffed! As the meal went on and on I was getting so full, but yet all the food was so delicious that I couldn't stop taking small bites of everything.  By the time the Chocolate Molten Cake arrived I could only squeeze in 3 or 4 bites.  Even as full as I was, it was the Best Chocolate Molten cake I have EVER had!  It was just crispy enough on the outside with a pool of creamy chocolate inside of light and fluffy cake.  So rich, but still edible. I would definitely recommend Roy's for any occasion.  Friends in town, Birthday, Anniversary, or just looking for some place to eat where you know you will get detectible food of good portions, no matter what you order, exceptional service and attentive staff plus a lovely ambiance.
5	Can't believe I never got around to writing this review.  I have been here a few times, including Mother's Day Prix fix.The atmosphere here is very inviting and warm.  It is an excellent setting for date night or for special occasions, and the service has always been exceptional.  Rarely do I tip the busperson above and beyond the waiter, but I usually drop a few bucks directly to them for their assistance with the dinner here at Roy's.  They really go above and beyond making sure you need nothing.The food is always great....I have had some very very good dishes here, but what they excel in IMO, is seafood.  Roy's has some of the best tasting fish dishes I have consumed, and has prepared me my most favorite Sea Scallops to date!   Whether it is full fillet of fish or shrimp and scallop dishes, you can't go wrong!Only thing that is a bummer is the prices...seems like I never leave here without spending over $200+ with tip and drinks for two, but I always leave with a smile on my face and a memorable food journey, so I will continue coming!
5	ATMOSPHERE:  They made our anniversary so special.  My menu had "Happy Anniversary", the fruit desert with our names in chocolate was so special.  All of the staff that came to our table wished us a happy anniversary and got  a picture of us to take home as well.  SERVICE:  Excellent.  Staff was friendly and helpful.FOOD:  Potstickers were amazing.  I had the short rib, i don't know why but i expected more of s weetish hawaiian flavor but it was good.  Husband had the opa and loved it.  Desert was pineapple cake and it was soooooo good.  Just wish there was more of that.  PRICE:  Worth every penny.  With apps, cocktails, desert and two entrees, was just over $100.  Wish they had these restaurants near me.  I'd go every year.
4	Probably the best value for date night around!
4	Came here with two friends and had a fancy dinner.We split the Canoe appetizer for two and that was delicious. It had ribs, tuna rolls and  potstickers. We also shared four of the special sushi rolls, and each picked a drink off their cocktail menu.Service was courteous, food was beautiful, tasty and expensive.
5	Have been to several locations numerous times for lunch and dinner. This review is for Aloha hour at the Las Vegas location. As with the other locations, service was excellent. Special mention to Stephanie and Krissy. For the Aloha hour appetizers, I had the following:* Beef short rib tacos - excellent* Lobster potstickers  - not the way I remember it in Anaheim but very good nevertheless* Big Island ebi roll - this one is just alright LOL. Just kidding, this was my favorite that I had 2 orders of it* Chocolate Souffle' - you know, I must say this is not bad but I like Citrus City Grill's version better (check out my CCG reviews).Overall, I enjoyed it a lot, recommend coming here for Aloha hour and intend to come back for dinner because I haven't had the Misoyaki Butterfish in a while and it's definitely calling my name :-).
4	I cannot imagine how many times I would dine at this place if I lived locally. Within the last seven years, I've probably dined here over 20 times.The food is consistent and delicious. You can never go wrong with the lobster dumplings, butter fish, and the molten chocolate cake. The service is pretty decent, and the presentation is impeccable. If it turns out you have food allergies, call ahead, they will work with you. A good friend of mine is a diabetic and we call a day ahead and let them know and they always have something ready for him. What a nice bonus!
4	Confused after going to Ray's Asian, we finally made it to Roy's fusion to meet up with friends on a Saturday evening to order off of their happy hour menu. - Friendly staff. Open and closes door for us. Fancy fancy- Multiple waiters serving us- Tiny tables. We had a group of 5. Probably meant for 2. haha. Couldn't fit all the cups, small plates, and appetizers on the table.  - half off appetizers from 5-8pm. Ain't mad at that!- Sushi is pretty weak quite frankly. wimpy tempura shrimp. lots of rice. drenched with sauce pouring on the plate making it soft. - Sliders were cute. Sweet potatoes fries are always good.- Idk why they think putting a pool of sauce makes the presentation nicer. lol. Order the gyoza to find out. haha- Overall, service exceeds food experience so that makes me come back for more.
4	Every dish in this restaurant is a delight to eat.  I came here with my BF and some friends for their New Year's Eve Prix Fix Menu.For appetizers:- Pork belly: best I have ever tasted.  Texture of the meat was tender, and crisp on the outside, with not too much fat!- Sunrise Roll: yum!- Beef Tataki: yum!For entrees:- Rib-Eye: perfectly cooked with a panang curry cream sauce; best idea ever!- Friends ordered the chicken and the prawn entrees and enjoyed them as well.My ultimate favorite dessert is the Molten Chocolate cake with vanilla ice cream.  Great to top off any meal!  Service was courteous.The only thing is we didn't know it was a Prix Fix Menu when we called to make reservations.  Would have been nice to know what we were getting into!
5	Went late at night after New Years and it was almost empty. But the service staff was very fast and friendly. The Butterfish was AMAZING. The Mahi Mahi was a little overcooked but still good. I also loved the Hawaiian Martini.
5	Here for my birthday dinner for this visit. Nice little touches throughout my meal made my dinner extra special.  Like the printed birthday greeting when I opened up my menu, the surprise dessert treat with candle and birthday wishes written on plate. They even took photo of Mr B & I, framed and signed and given as a memento.  OH and dinner! The 3 course Winter Prixe Fix menu. My selections were Duck Confit Dim Sum for the appetizer, Teppanyaki Shrimp for my entree and Mango Cobbler for my dessert. Everything was delicious. It wasn't a "wow" but I really enjoyed my meal.  Ambiance and Service A+  This Birthday Girl was happy!
4	Nice place. Didn't realize it was a chain. PS: listed as a Thai restaurant by Yelp, which it is not!
5	This happy hour is like a two hour trip to Hawaii. At a $6 price point for island infused cocktails, mahi-mahi taco's and bbq pulled pork, arrive on an empty stomach. I have dreams about their pineapple martini's. Their sushi rolls are reason enough to veer off of the strip.
5	My new favorite restaurant ever.  I'm so glad this isn't the only one around.  One word: Butterfish. This entree was so tender and well flavored. Spicy complimentary edamame was a fun and tasty surprise. Also had the appetizer taster plate-  each part was so good(garnishes too) we cleaned the plate with a spoon. Service was positive & amazing. Will be returning.
5	I've been to three Roy's now, here and two in Hawaii.  I always try to check out a new one when I come across them.  Excellent and interesting food. I have never been disappointed.
5	Have been to this Roy's on Flamingo twice, both times with our kids ages 6 and 9. This is one of the only restaurants I can think of that successfully caters to kids but keeps things really sophisticated at the same time. We were here last year for our kids birthday dinner, and had a really special and memorable experience!! They ask for the kids' names when you arrive (or prior) and write their names in chocolate when they serve the souffles (make sure you order the souffle 20 minutes in advance of when you want it!). They also take a picture and print it out in a frame for you and sign the back, which is a great little memory of the experience. The kids activity books are really cool, too... and are big enough to keep them busy for awhile.The food is melt in your mouth good. It's seriously fantastic. I had the butterfish both times, because Roy's butterfish is the best. And if you love short ribs - OMG. The short ribs! They are even available on the kids menu, which is awesome. My older daughter got an adult meal (halibut) and really enjoyed it. Did I mention to NOT forget to get the chocolate souffle?I hate sweet mixed drinks, but really wanted a cocktail before dinner... I explained to our server what I like and she suggested the The "Hapa" Margarita-Martini". It has Fresh Lemon & Lime Juice, Jameson's Irish Whiskey, Grand Marnier & Agave. It is literally the best mixed drink I've ever tasted and am dying to try making it at home! It's perfect.My only complaint on this past visit is that they served my younger daughter's kids meal way before the adults were served - so we asked them to take it away & bring it back when everyone was served. This is a great place to teach kids to eat like civilized young adults, so serving everyone at the same time makes sense. I love that Roy's uses OpenTable to book reservations. What a convenience! I wish every restaurant used it. Attention to detail is what a 5 star experience is about, and Roy's delivers on every level!
3	To start off, I have been a HUGE fan of Roy's for many years.  As time has progressed however, the restaurant has changed or deleted some of my favorite dishes from the menu.On my last trip to Roy's, I took a lifelong friend who had heard me rave about this restaurant.  When he asked the waiter for recommendations, the waiter gave the specials and commented the butterfish was the most popular item on the menu.  I had recommended the butterfish as well, as I have had it many times and absolutely loved it.  When the dish arrived, I noticed something had changed, but couldn't quite put my finger on it.  It appeared to have some type of Pico de gallo on top, which seemed a bit unusual.  When I tasted it, I immediately knew something was wrong...........They changed the recipe!  I asked the waiter about this and was told that's the way it had been prepared since he started working there (approximately one month).   I voiced my displeasure with the new recipe and was offered another choice.  While I appreciated the offer, I didn't want to waste the food and finished the meal.  Upon completion of the dinner, the manager came over to speak with us.  I explained my disappointment with the change, and was told Roy's likes to change the recipes occasionally.  While I understand keeping the menu fresh, I am absolutely amazed a restaurant would change the recipe of their most popular dish.  Add that to the loss of personal favorites, the crab cakes and volcano roll, and I'm becoming a bit disenchanted with Roy's.  When I told my wife of the change, she was as disappointed as I.  She commented she had eaten at Roy's in Chicago recently and the butterfish was "not very good".  When I described the change, it became apparent she had been served the new incarnation of butterfish as well.  To end on a high note, the service was impeccable as usual, and the manager was extremely cordial and attentive.  The manager recommended calling ahead and requesting the dish be prepared the "old way" on the next trip.
5	This is the first time I was visiting this particular Roys, since my usual location is SF. I made this reservation for a party of 7 including children (i wasnt sure about a kid's menu etc) and was happily surprised with the awesome service we received. They do in fact have a kid's menu and cater to younger guests. This started with a complimentaty plate with an appetizer and veggies for my  3 nephews along with a paper Chef hat. Then as usual, they try to make the visit special by asking if you are celebrating something special etc, and the kids loved seeing their names on their dessert plates. Besides these nice details and a really great table (felt like a private dining experience), they also took a picture so we could take it home. I must say I was expecting great service from Roys as usual and was not dissapointed at all. Will definetely be visiting this location again when in Vegas.
5	I've been to Roy's in HI, FL, CA and NV and they always consistently hit the mark.  I was here last week which happened to coincide with my birthday and the extra attention they gave was awesome, from the custom birthday insert in the menu, a photo of the occasion and a little dessert surprise. 5 Stars all the way!  The Hawaiian Martini is always a favorite.  All the food was great, the dressing on the pear salad was a little too tart, but not worth a ding on the review.
5	Great for special events, I mentioned in the reservation we were there for a 30th birthday and we were given menus with a personalized insert in the first page.  Additionally they gave us a small dessert with happy birthday written in chocolate on the plate and took a photo they print out and place in a Roys paper frame for you.  We ordered the Hawaiian martinis which are delicious and dangerous as the fruit masks the alcohol content very well, and the miso-yaki butterfish which I think is the best thing on the menu, it is so flavorful, and whenever we come here (about twice a year) I just have to get it.  We also ordered the boat for two appetizer, the rib, shrimp, and chicken pieces were especially tasty and I would consider those again as individual apps but pass on the lobster potstickers and spicy tuna roll as they didn't stand out.
5	Came here with my daughter while on spring break.  This was the place we chose for our one expensive meal,  and yes, I did set a new personal record for my most expensive meal!  Absolutely no complaints though.  Everything was outstanding from the mment we walked in the door.  Everyone was so nice and professional.  I'm not going to go into all the details of our food, but it was all great.  Probably the best service I have ever had and I plan to go back when in town with my wife.  I do recommend making reservations, as we did and got right in.One last thing that blew me away, yesterday in the mail I got a thank you card from Thomas our main waiter, hand written and included a sushi appetizer for our next trip!  I have never experienced that before!  Totally unexpected.  You can't go wrong with Roy's!
5	Anniversary dinner to remember! Made a rez online. Started with the appy boat. Had the short rib and the butterfish. Incredible! Topped off by an incredible chocolate lava cake.  Even gave us a memento photo. Nice touch. First class night and dinner.
5	The food here is AWESOME! The service here is AWESOME! The atmosphere here is AWESOME! I will be back!
5	This place rules!  I came here for my anniversary and they went above and beyond all of my expectations.  They personalized our menus, served us a free dessert and took our picture which they gave to us complete with a paper frame at the end of our meal.  I tossed the frame but the picture is still up on my fridge.  The food was delicious as well the steak was juicy and flavorful and my lobster tail was soft buttery perfection.  They also have killer happy hour deals, Roys would be hard to beat
3	Very nice decor.  Excellent service.  Loved the sweet home salad.  The lobster potstickers were very good too.  But I didn't really care for their signature entree known as butterfish.  It's actually black cod which is well known to be a rich oily filet.  Many folks might like this more heavy texture but I prefer I light flaky fish myself so I didn't really enjoy this meal.  Everything else about the meal was great so I should have probably ordered the halibut or steelhead.
5	Had an amazing dining experience at Roy's.I've heard much about how good the food was in Hawaii and I was recently in town for some bachelor parties.The waiters were always attentive but the most impressive thing was how much they could accommodate to orders that weren't on the menu.I heard great things about the butterfish but I also have a soft spot for lobster tail. So a simple request to do half and half was easily taken care of. No hassle and no crazy bill adjustment. Our table soon quickly changed their orders to this custom one and we were all taken care of.Drinks were quite stiff so I was glad I was getting my money's worth. What was interesting was the staff even took the time to print out little leaflets and place them in our menus to commemorate our bachelor's big day. About halfway through dinner, the waiter had the courtesy to inform us that there were specific desserts that needed additional prep time and should be ordered at that point. Incredibly thoughtful.At the end of dinner, our bachelor was treated to an actual printout with our group picture for the event.I returned to vegas the weekend for a second bachelor and had the exact same excellent service:A guest of ours had ordered a dessert that required extra time to bake but was mistakenly forgotten about. Roy's quickly took action and awarded him with a free dessert on the house which tasted delicious.If you love seafood, you have to check out Roy's even though it's off the strip
4	The food was interesting, creative in its presentation. A little expensive for something I could have made at home...but then I'm a great cook. The service was a little slow, the portions small but then that's that kind of cuisine. The Ahi Poke had an excellent sesame dressing but what they over did was the cracked pepper....way toooooo much. Of course, I ate it all with little problem. My final gripe, the waitress was a little too pushy on desserts by asking us many many times in many different ways if we wanted dessert!Other than that, our company was good and it was nice to get out of the house. Will I go back? Probably but not something I will be rushing to do. Las Vegas has many great places to eat where the portions and price are a little better and the food is superior.
1	HUGELY disappointing!!!!  OK...we went here just because it was rated the #1 restaurant on trip adviser.  Wait to be seated...awesome...service...UNREAL.  Food...bleh.  We ordered 2 different entrees and an appetizer...honestly..we didn't finish them...we told the server we were not able to eat them...he apologized.  We actually got dessert...since we were still hungry...after not eating!  It was good..some sort of pineapple cake.  Overall...I won't go back.
5	Shellfish Trio = the bomb diggidy! Try the lavender ice cream & the Canoe appetizer :)p
4	If I could rate different aspects of this meal I would. The service was definately lacking at this Roy's-and we have been to a few since they have a gluten free menu. I felt bad for our waiter-he didn't understand the gluten free aspect and messed up the order at first and the final bill. He apologized but it was more of me telling him, no the menu says this so it's this price etc etc. He came back and said "you were right" well duh! I usually am...jokes people!The gluten free menu here is VERY limited, if you have been to the Roy's in baltimore you will be disappointed in this one. I think there were 5 apps you could pick from, 3-4 main courses and 2 desserts. They did not have a seperate GF drink menu. We did the prix fixe menu. We both got the california rolls (YAY they are made with real crab instead of the wheat filled imitation). Our waiter brought us the wheat filled soy sauce, luckily he had another waiter who seemed a little more aware of gluten allergy who brought the correct soy sauce out. (Tamari)Jason for the braised short rib-very tastey. I got the lemongrass chicken with jasimine rice and curry sauce-I love thai flavors. The chicken was lacking flavor but the rice and sauce were melt in your mouth. We then both ordered the GF chocolate souffle. not disappointed there either. There are 2 Roy's in vegas, we did not have the chance to go to the other one. Service-disappointing for Roy's and the knowledge of GF was lacking. Food was still flavorful and melt in your mouth. Many kids in this Roy's-surprising for me, the other ones we have been too are much more adult oriented.
5	ROY'S ROY'S ROY'S...!!!Both the butterfish and short ribs will blow your mind. Two totally different but equally excellent meals.
5	Sooo Good, our family loves this place, super kid friendly too.  The dumplings are so good.
4	This is the second Roys that I have been to and I really enjoy this one as much as the first. The restaurant itself is beautiful and the attention to detail is obvious. We order a whole bunch of appetizers that were all fantastic and some signature drinks. I look forward to coming back to Roys next time we are in Vegas! I would have given it a 5 star review but because its off the strip and we needed to take a $20 cab ride there and back, this had to be factored into the review.
5	What a wonderful experience! The food was amazing and you must try the butterfish. Service was good and the price was very reasonable. Everything you can ask for in a restaurant. Wish this restaurant is near my house. Must go if you are in vegas
5	Quality of food and service was excellent.  We didn't have a reservation but the manager was very accommodating. Service was second to none.We had the trio of fish which was like something off master chef. We also had the trout which was really well cooked, full of flavor. Desert was amazing. We had the pineapple turnover and the chocolate fondant. Presentation of all the food was beautiful.We had a really good night and the price was also reasonable for the quality.
5	Let me start by saying that I have never called the manager over at any establishment just to congratulate and compliment on the restaurant; Roy's changed that.The girlfriend and I came for her birthday dinner, as a part of the celebration that I had planned for her. We picked this place since we always drove by it and never had the chance (or the wallet) to try the food. Upon entering, the Hawaiian vibe is undeniable, but starting from the hostess (who held the door open for us), to the bus person (who directed us to the bathroom, literally walked us there), to the waitress (might've been the best ever), the service was just amazing. Absolutely flawless. The food...I mean where do I start. The lobster? The filet mignon? Or the trio fish plate that the girlfriend had? And that's not even mentioning the amazing chocolate souffle. I mean, it was completely on-point, and everything was as delicious as can be. The wine (Peru Sauvignon Blanc) was great, as well.Nevertheless, the main reason why I gave this place 5 stars is because of the way they made my girlfriend feel. From the very beginning, everyone was warm and said "Happy Birthday" to her at least once. They gave her a free dessert with her name on it in chocolate syrup, and even gave us a free picture with a Roy's frame. I mean, I literally have never had an experience like this at any other establishment. My girlfriend had an absolutely amazing time, and it couldn't have been a better birthday dinner. In addition to the great food and great service, the way they made my girlfriend feel so special was, above all, the reason why I gave this place 5 stars.Will definitely come back again!!
5	First class service with first class ingredients, and attention to detail! Butterfish,lobster potstickers and the filet are a must when u visit Roy's !
4	Presentation was amazing, but the portion was quite small. Overall, great customer service and tasty food, just didn't get full.
5	Great Service and Awesome food.  Everybody at the restaurant goes out of their way to make sure you have a wonderful experience.  I really enjoyed the lobster potstickers, the sushi and butterfish.  Roy's Las Vegas is a restaurant that you must try if you are in town.  I would recommend making reservations in advance.
4	Lovely date spot with great food. Food took longer than expected...think the kitchen was backed up...but still had a great dinner.
1	Just had a terrible experience at Roy's Las Vegas on Flamingo. Entered the parking lot at my reservation time to find no open parking spaces. I pulled up to the door and asked valet where I was to park as all the lot was full except those coned off for valet. They told me unless I let them park my car I was pretty much out of luck. I pulled up to the door, went inside and asked the Managing Partner (Rodney Johnson) about parking. The ensuing ten minute conversation revealed that Roy's management is subservient to the contract parking valet and restaurant management cannot override the valet decision. I asked him if it made good business sense to turn away a regular customer (a customer that hosted his son's $3500. wedding party at Roy's) over parking. He said they were saving the twenty open spaces for those that may come later and want valet. So it is Roy's business model to save spaces for those diners you hope will come later and might want valet while turning away someone that is already here and ready to be seated. He reminded me that valet is complimentary. I told him I would not let a kid that looked like he should be home studying his Jr. High math homework drive my Corvette.I ultimately left telling him that it just doesn't seem good business to turn away a $150 check so the valet boys MIGHT later get a $5.00 tip. Not hard to understand why the other Las Vegas location recently boarded its doors and took down the torches.
5	Why did they close the Charleston location?? The butterfish is the most delicious thing on the menu, but everything is great right down to the cocktails.
5	We booked our anniversary dinner using the open table feature on yelp. From the moment we stepped in the door and told them our name they were wishing us a happy anniversary! The service was absolutely amazing by Nico and so was the food! They def went above and beyond for our anniversary. From the note in our menu to the special dessert. They even took our photo and printed it out for us to take home!  I def recommend Roy's for your special occasion...or any occasion because it was that amazing. Best anniversary dinner to date.
3	Ambience decor service all 4 star. Drinks are good and strong. Food  was very good would go again. Pricey but I knew that go in.
5	This is probably my favourite restaurant in Vegas, and I HIGHLY recommend joining their email list because they give amazing perks!  We've been several times and always come away full and happy.  We left not too long ago from a good-bye dinner with our friends to enjoy a final night out before my husband is deployed.  We were over half an hour late (we did call to let them know!) and they were still as friendly as could be and we were immediately seated.  The menus had special inserts that said "Happy Birthday and Be Safe!" (it was a birthday dinner, too!), ribbons were on the table, everyone who came by wished him happy birthday, and his celebration dessert was delicious and impeccably decorated.  Our waitress then took our picture and had it printed and brought it out for us.  I could not ask for anything more.I have tried many things on the menu and always been impressed.  This time I asked for a dish normally included as part of another appetizer to be served on its own, and they did it without even blinking, and it was of course delicious.  I would recommend the appetizer boat for two, the mahi-mahi, and any surf-and-turf combo available because they've all been stellar.  Our friend enjoyed the butterfish, he said he cannot wait to return to eat it again.Desserts are my favourite part, everything was soooo yummy!  The dessert portions are kind of small but I like that, as I'm usually too stuffed by the end of a meal to enjoy a large dessert, and their taste perfection makes up for anything they lack in size.  (And to be honest, they aren't even that small.  It's just moreso places like the Cheesecake Factory serve such large dessert portions that when I see a normal one I'm like, "Hey, what's this white space on my plate??")We always leave wondering when we can come back, and now with this lovely send-off Roy's is held in even higher regards with me.  My only complaint?  That the Summerlin location is no more - now that is a true tragedy.
5	Best sushi and martinis. Worth the $
5	AMAZING food! Due to unforeseen circumstances we showed up almost two hours late for our reservation and just before kitchen closed and they couldn't have been nicer.  Absolutely adore this restaurant, their service, and their food!
5	Roy's is exceptional. This was the second time we dined here and whether business was slow or chaotic, the staff provided us with excellent service. This time, we came to celebrate my birthday and I must say it was a great choice. They really treated me like royalty from the time we checked in with the hostess to the time we walked out the door. Every employee that walked by our table wished me a happy birthday using my name. That wasn't the end of it. The menu as well as the dessert said 'Happy Birthday, Shue.' They sure do know how to make someone feel loved.  For a chain restaurant, I am quite impressed with how good the food and service is here.  My absolute favorite is the upside down pineapple cake.  I'm usually not the biggest fan of upside down pineapple cake, but Roy's recipe is definitely out of this world.This is a great place to go for a date and/or happy hour..or your birthday.  The ambiance is romantic with an artistic modern twist.  Dress up business casual, wear your favorite shoes, and enjoy a nice glass of wine with your delicious meal.
5	The dish was great. Service was wonderful. It was my Birthay and they had a note in the menu wishing Happy Birthay. They also gave a cake with a candle. Everything was great. Prices were fair for a place like that. It is worth to visit it
5	I can't believe I forgot to do a review of Roy's when the wife and I went there for our anniversary dinner last year.  Anyway, the food was spectacular just like it always is at Roy's.  I had a jalapeno infused margarita that was awesome.  I've been trying replicate it at home but so far haven't been able to make it as good.The table we were seated at was decorated, (since they knew it was an anniversary) and 2 managers came over to see how we were doing.It must have been a great experience if I'm still thinking about it a year later.  Great food, great service.  Roy's always seems to deliver.
5	This place was excellent! It was very, very busy, but they got us to a table quickly. Our waiter (despite the noise and crowd, there were a lot of people there) was incredible. So attentive and accommodating. Warm and relaxed ambience. Beautifully decorated. It's not cheap but it is reasonable and it's well worth the quality of food and service you receive. Love this place
5	LOVE love LOVE love LOVE love LLLLLOOOOOOOVVVVVVEEEEEEE Roy's! -The calamari-The sushi-Happy Hour-Dessert-Macadamia nut crusted Mahi Mahi-And the service, oh  the service! It's always wonderful! This is truly a favorite of both the husband and I! :)
5	Heerlijk eten, zeer vriendelijke bediening. Echt een aanrader en nette prijzen. Echt een uitje. Als we weer naar vegas gaan gaan we er zeker weer eten
5	if you have the opportunity, you must visit Roy's. i was intrigued by all the amazing reviews. I felt confident we would be in for a treat and Roy's did not disappoint.  Our server was Kevin. He was fantastic. Funny, entertaining, patient and helpful. Thoroughly explained the menu and helped us select an amazing meal.  The restaurant is nicely decorated with a contemporary Asian flare with an inviting ambiance.  The Roy's canoe has a delightful assortment of delicious appetizer treats. Just get it...we had the Hawaii Kai Style Beef Short Ribs and Roy's Roasted Macadamia Nut Crusted Mahi Mahi and savored every bite.  We can't wait for our next Las Vegas excursion and a trip back to Roys
5	Awesome dining experience. Called ahead to mention my sister's birthday! everyone and I do mean everyone made her night very special! I can not thank all enough for that! the food the wine the exceptional service made the evening heavenly for 2 old broads. So thank you!
3	Ugh, it hurts my heart to leave a three star review but as much as I love Hawaii, Roy's is really just "ok" in my opinion. Lets start here: the food was great but the service was really lacking personality. We came in pretty early, around 6pm and our server was nowhere to be found so another server did the diligence of saying "I'm free, let me take your order." From then on, we still never saw our server. Thanks to the food runners & bussers who were taking care of us. Near the tail end of the meal we ordered two desserts and only one appeared at the table. We finally flagged down our server and it seems like he just forgot. 5 minutes later, dessert came, cool, they even comped one of them, not complaining. For some reason, I just felt like Roy's didn't live up to the 4.5 stars Yelp gave it. See ya Roy's, I'll probably try Morton's next time.
5	We have been several times and always had excellent food and service!  We have ordered almost everything on the menu at one time or another and never disappointed!   It is a little pricey but I know I will get my $$ worth
5	In our quest to try restaurants off the Strip (and satisfy the wife's request for seafood) we went to Roy's while we were in town for the PBR finals last week. We relied upon our waiter for drink, appetizer, and dessert selections and everything was excellent. Wife had the tuna and I went for the macademia crusted mahi. If you've been to Hawaii you know this is a staple of hawaiian restaurants, and i have to say that Roy's is one of the best I have had. The coating is not overwhelming and the fish was cooked to perfection. We had the green beans with crispy pork as a side and that wad delicious and unique.  Pineapple upside down cake with macadamia ice cream for dessert. So next time you're in Vegas and looking to escape hotel cuisine give Roy's a try--you won't be disappointed.
3	Roy's is just a little too vanilla for me to give it anything more than three stars. The atmosphere is modern, warm, and comforting. The service is usually spot-on. The food is done with quality ingredients and prepared precisely. However, for everything they do correctly, the food is just a little safe and crowd-pleasing for my tastes.Upon out last visit, we did the $30 prix fixe deal that is offered on Mondays. It is a great way to go, as you get an app and an entree for the aforementioned price - saving somewhere in the ballpark of $10 (depending on what you order). The two apps we went with (lobster pot stickers and mussels) both were prepared smartly, but there was nothing creative going on. For the entrees, we went with their famous butter fish and scallops. The butter fish is a lovely dish (I have had it before), there is a reason it is the dish they are known for. The scallops (possibly my favorite seafood fare) was completely unimaginative. Combining scallops and pork bellies and coming up with something so bland is almost criminal. Much of the blame I assume has to be centered on the potato puree that provides the base for the dish and deadens much of the flavor. Don't get me wrong, it is completely edible, just ever so blah. The chocolate souffle was a lovely dessert and a great way to end the meal.Overall, Roy's is a perfectly enjoyable experience. Yet, at the prices they are charging, I expect a little more going on with their food.
3	Things weren't up to par last night. We had a reservation, but the 4 people checking in folks were flummoxed by the two groups in front of us without reservations and by answering the telephones. We had to wait. And wait and wait. The food was good for the most part. The dim sum pork belly was not. The dough was oddly chewy. Service was forgetful and rushed. They should turn down the background music. The noise level was jarring.
4	Great food, great service however they have an odor problem at the males bathroom, there is an open drainage where all the unpleasant aromas flows thru. Stinky smell.Tomas was our sever he was very helpful and kind, made good recommendations. Had the pork ribs as a starter and my wife had the wayguy gyosas, gyosas were ok but the ribs were outstanding, one of the best ribs ever. Then I had the scallops with pork belly and it was a superb dish! My wife had the prim fix menu that had a macadamia crusted Mahi Mahi And short ribs, the ribs were so tender and flavorful no doubts the best short ribs ever, fish was average.
3	The service was nice, the server was very friendly, attentive, and knowedgeable of the menu items. The atmosphere was warm, intimate, and relatively quiet. The food was quite good, but unimpressive for the price, (a dinner for two will probably cost around $100.00). Roy's is a good choice and I would recommend for something such as a date night with your spouse or for a quiet special occasion.
4	I will recommended this place as the service is great. They even prepared me a birthday gift and surprise. I'm definitely buying it! But the steak was little bit plain with not so much choices. Personally the pork was more flavored and seasoned with BBQ source. Impressed overall.
4	We love Roy's and have been to many.  Went here for Aloha Hour and it was great.  Bar staff was very friendly, appetizers and Hawaiian martini were awesome.  The pineapple slices from the martini process - yum!  Thanks guys!  The only downer about this place is kind of the location, parking lot is kind of scary.
2	This is the 3rd Roy's I've experienced and to be completely honest, I was not too impressed... Although the complimentary valet is a nice feature, our reservation was pushed to the right by 10 min. Our dinner took over an hour before it made it to our table.
5	Hubby and I wanted to eat without spending a fortune. Not that easy to do in Las Vegas these days. Roys has a great HH, they call Aloha Hour. $6 for about 6 different appetizer choices. We tried 4 of them: beef sliders with sweet potato fries - delish!, Mahi mahi taco - so, so (really could have used some additional sauce, meat was pretty tasteless), Lobster potsticker - really really good, great sauce! and the BEST EVER - Tempura crusted Ahi roll. Seriously this thing is sinfully good!!We had the 1988 cocktail and the Mai Tai, both great cocktails. This place was definitely worth the price with great service and a really luxe atmosphere. I can't wait to go back!
1	I'm very shocked this restaurant has 4.5 stars!! I went to Roy's in Oahu, Hawaii with my boyfriend last summer and it was amazing!! Therefore, when deciding on a restaurant for New Years Eve with my boyfriend and parents, I thought Roy's would be an excellent option. Roy, was I wrong!! Upon arriving at our table, they told us it was a four course only option for that night. It would've been nice to know that when I booked the reservation four days in advance. Our party of four ended up sending 3 dishes back to the kitchen! I typically don't send dishes back because I don't want to be rude, but I had no choice in this instance. The kitchen is open to the restaurant floor and there were constantly managers inspecting each dish and personally delivering them to each table. That's why I am surprised that the food was not good at all. Great service, but this restaurant could greatly benefit from a menu and kitchen staff overhaul! It sucked because we paid for a pricey four course meal on NYE and left disappointed and unsatisfied. We would've been happy to pay the money for quality food, but that was just not the case. Pros: Coconut Frappe signature drink, Garlic Prawns appetizer, and service. Otherwise, do not waste your money.
5	Another amazing meal at Roys!  We were in Vegas for the weekend and decided to have an enjoyable meal Saturday night and popped in at Roy's with (yikes) no reservations.   The hostess was accommodating and seated us in a large booth in the bar area which was great since we were starving and ended up ordering a lot of food. We ordered the shrimp appetizers with the Brussels sprouts and lobster pot-stickers which were both flawless.  I ordered the petite filet w/ the lobster and he ordered the 3 fish option which both of which were great.  For dessert I had the flourless chocolate cake and he had the pineapple upside down cake both of which were cooked to order.  AMAZING.  The staff was great and attentive.  Their description of the preparation was flawless and confident.  Loved it.  Oh and we had drinks too - the Hawaiian Martini and Mango Mojito were both favorites.  What puts Roy's above the rest is the service and consistent quality of the meals.  Where you go some places that have a great steak or an awesome dessert - here EVERYTHING is excellent.  Definitely go and try out their Aloha hour first if you are not sure which is an amazing deal.  Their menu changes often and apparently on Mondays you can get an appetizer and entree for $29!  If I lived in Vegas I would be here all the time!
5	The food was fantastic. The drinks were way netter than we expected. I have nothing negative to say about this place! They know how to personalize the experience!
5	This is a great restaurant.  From start to finish, every app, dish and drink was just delicious.  The service was top notch and every single person at our table of 6 was more than satisfied. The sushi and lobster potstickers are to die for as was the Mahi Mahi and Tuna.  This is the type of place where no corners are cut and everything on the menu is probably great. This was first time at a Roy's establishment but it will not be my last.
5	Excellent food, excellent service. Reservations was easy, and finding the place was easy as well.
4	Super good ... these guys understand the restaurant business .... service was perfect .. they didnt rush us or ignore us ... food was perfect from cocktails/appetisers to dessert ...
5	It was my sister's 50th birthday and we wanted to take her Roy's to celebrate.  At first we were a little apprehensive because it was near the strip.  When we arrived the surroundings were not the best.  The hostess opened the door and greeted us which was unexpected.  The other hostess at the front greeted us and ask who was the birthday girl.  My sister embrassed by the number of years told the hostess it was my 11 year daughter who was having the 50th birthday, everyone laughed.  We were taken to our table and the hostess pulled each napkin for the ladies in our group and then the gentleman (sign of a good restaurant and professional staff).  She handed us our menus and to our suprise there was a message to my sister wishing her a Happy 50th Birthday, she was very happy to see this.  We ordered appetizers and our entrees.  The appetizers arrived and they even brought a kid's appetizer for my daughter which made her very happy.  Jennifer our waitress and her staff were very attentive.  I was curious about the lettuce that accompanied our spring role appetizer and asked the wait staff what was the purpose of the lettuce.  He said that the chef recommends to wrap the roles with the lettuce and dip it into the sauce to get the full experience.  He also said if we did not want to wrap the roles it would be just as good. We wrapped the spring roles and dipped it in the sauce an it was excellent  As the night went on we were served our entrees. Hanger steak, Sushi, Buttterfis, Salmon and another dish for the birthday girl that I could not remember (senior moment).  The food was excellent.When we were done eating, the waitress brought my sister a berry mouse/ice cream dessert with a candle and wrote Happy 50th Birtday in chocolate sauce. we also order the pineapple upside down cake with creamy vanilla ice cream which was fabulous.Later, the Jennifer came to our table with a camera and took a picture of the whole group and we thought that was a very nice touch.  She also took our camera took another picture.  As the night came to an end the manager came over to wish my sister a Happy Birthday.  We told him we missed the W Charleston location and he said there was not enough business in that area to support the restaurant.  However, he did say that the corporation will be opening  "Bonefish" at a later date.  Yeah!!After he left the hostess came by and gave my sister the picture of the whole group in a picture frame.  This was an extra nice touch that we appreciated. The ambience and food were great. We'll be back again and again. Thank you Roy's of Las Vegas for a wonderfull evening!
5	We went for my husbands birthday, and they did not disappoint. We came in and it was aloha hour so we got a tempura roll and martinis. The drinks were great, and the roll was amazing. When we sat down they had inserts in the menu saying happy birthday to my husband. The server was amazing. She was knowledgeable about the menu and the ingredients.  And they ended the meal with a happy birthday coconut cake. This is a definitely a place to go, special occasion or not. We will be back on our next Vegas trip.
2	Overhyped reviewers - came here for a friend's birthday - bad experience.
5	I have lived in Las Vegas just over a year now. I pass by this place weekly and have wanted to stop in for some time. My partner and I have dined at many of the Roy's locations in Hawaii as well. I tend to be very critical of food & service when dining out. I like my restaurant experience to appeal to all my senses. Tonight we took out some friends of ours for a nice dinner and decided in Roy's. I honestly would have to say that from out first interaction with the hostess untill the point when we left the restaurant it had to have been THE ABSOLUTE BEST DINING EXPERIENCE WEVE HAD IN LAS VEGAS EVER. Our server was beyond attentive,personable,sincere,and accommodating. The fish perpetration a and quality rivaled that of many restaurants I'm used to in Hawaii. Amazing night,Amazing Service,and Amazing food.
5	I love this restaurant the service was excellent and I love that they had gluten free and vegetarian menu and the food was really good :-)
5	Enjoyed a great dinner and enjoyed awesome service!  Had the mahi mahi.  Also had sushi.
5	Words cannot describe how much I enjoyed this restaurant. The service, the cocktails, and the food were amazing! The short rib was probably one of the top 5 dishes I've ever eaten. The restaurant is small, but luckily it wasn't packed. I realized it is off the strip and some people may not find that suitable, but I promise the short taxi ride it takes to get there is well worth worth it. You can chose to dine at one of the million restaurants on the strip, but trust me.... most don't compare.
5	Outside of the excellent food, the customer service stands out. Waiters really knew their menu & was always giving great dining suggestions & prep suggestions too.The pork belly dim sum was really good. Something different & not too heavy. I had the fish trio and all three fish were cooked perfectly, what stood out from the three fish though was the "Butter Fish" so much that I ordered an entree of it! Delicate & it lives up to the name! Melted in my mouth like butter! Only complaint was some of the fish had some bones, but that's expected! lol Definitely recommend going here.
4	Really enjoy coming to this place. They make every occasion special. Reminds me of being in Hawaii. Love it.
5	Roy's is absolutely one of the best restaurants in town no matter what way you slice it.Prices:  Extremely competitive prices, not typical of what you find on or near the strip.Food:  We had a party of 7 and I didn't hear one issue from anyone throughout the entire meal.  The consensus favorite dish might have been the Butterfish.  However, I substituted the Ahi for the Salmon in the Trio, and I will say that I'm not sure I could pick between the Mahi Mahi, Ahi, and Butterfish...they were all excellent.Service:  Our waiter (Melvin I believe) was great.  Upbeat, enthusiastic, clear, and very knowledgable and accommodating.  Furthermore, their Birthday service exceeded expectations.  Each menu featured a special page with my wife's name on it.  They later presented her with a copy to take hope tied with a bow.  Later in the meal they took a family photo with their camera as well as several camera phones.  They brought a printed and framed version to take home shortly after.  Lastly, they brought out a special birthday dessert with my wife's name and "Happy Birthday" written on the plate (chocolate sauce I believe).All in all I felt like Roy's offers tremendous value.  I think you would be hard pressed to find better quality food at these prices (or any price for that matter).We will definitely be back to Roy's
5	I love there sushi amazing. . Great service and food. Nice happy hour and great e mail specials for the regulars. Never disappoints fun place to go.  Great desserts too.
5	With all the amazing restaurants  in Las Vegas I often overlook Roy's. But I returned tonight and I now remember why I love this place so much.  Roy's is amazing, the service, the food quality and the beautiful presentation. The fish is fresh and cooked to perfection. My recommendation is the butter fish (which is really black cod).  Its fresh, firm and melts in your mouth.  The salt and pepper calamari is light and flavorful and not over breaded. The sushi rolls are well made, a satisfying size and flavorful. The presentation is picturesque and visually appealing.The service is top notch.  Efficient, friendly and unobtrusive.  My water glass was never empty, my plates were cleared promptly and my every need was met.Their Birthday service was an unexpected and exceptionally pleasing surprise.  Each menu featured a special page with my name on it.  The staff later presented me with a copy to take home.  They brought out a special birthday dessert with my  name and Happy Birthday written on the plate in delicious chocolate. They then took a picture of me and my guest, printed it, framed it and gave it to me! Hands down the BEST birthday dinner and birthday treatment I have ever experienced!I absolutely cannot wait to return to this wonderful dining establishment .  Do yourself a favor and make your reservations today!
2	I wish this could have been better, BUT...The short rib mushie app (for 3 out of our 5) had a surfeit of sauce and pasta that was overcooked in the middle and mega-dente on the extremities.  All of the recipients (3 of 5) explained this to out patient wait person.The mains were all aces!  Salmon was perfect as were the scallops (only 2 had the pork belly... this caused some interesting interplay) and the hangar steak was cooked per spec and well received.For 3 of 5 of us, the dessert comprised too much cake, not enough flavor.  The crew thought the sour cream was lame.Last, if you have an open kitchen, one would hope the staff played their part.  We are used to the Roy's in SF (2nd & Mission).  The chefs we could see looked like those booted from Hell's Kitchen... slow yet ineffective.  This might explain why there was no decent pacing to the meal.Sadly, this has erased Roy's LV from our dining circuit, but Roy's SF remains a winner.
5	We went to Roy's our last anniversary dinner and loved it. We chose it based on location and reviews and noticed on their web site that they had a Prix Fixe special for Monday nights that allowed you to choose almost anything on the menu. We found out it was the last Monday they were offering it when we called to make same-day reservations. They asked if it was a special occasion, and I told them it was our Anniversary. They went above and beyond to make it a special experience with "Happy Anniversary" printed in our menu and taking a souvenir photo for us to keep, and the special dessert with our names as well.Everything was excellent! The chocolate souffle was to die for! Grey Goose martini with blue cheese stuffed olives was a treat. Service was really top notch all the way through. We felt like we got a great value and a memorable experience. Highly recommended.
5	We come back almost every year for the butterfish, they never disappoint. Entree impeccably prepared. All staff from bartender, hostess, waiter are very pleasant and attentive.  Price is very reasonable as well.
5	I love everything about Roy's.  Everything.  I started going there for wine club. If any one from Roy's happens to read these reviews please please please please bring back wine club what happened???  Much like a meal let's start with appetizers. This was the first place I've ever had sweet potato fries. Sounds weird right? But it's not. On their happy hour menu they have sliders with sweet potato fries and they are amazing.  They have a little garlic on them they are just so good try them immediately!!  All of their main dishes are incredible imaginative and tasty.  The desserts are so good but unfortunately I have never tried any of them except for the chocolate cake.  They all sound good but when I think about having anything but the chocolate cake it hurts my heart.  Tell them at the beginning you're going to order that for dessert because it does take a little extra time but it's well worth it and it's well worth the price tag.  I always want to go to Roy's.
5	Excellent service, atmosphere and food! The braised short rib and chocolate doughnut holes are amazing!
5	Remarkable customer service!!! My husband & I went for my birthday, the entire staff wished me happy birthday, our server was very knowledgeable & recommended great dishes. They provided a happy birthday dessert & even took a picture of us & framed it. The food was delicious & didn't take long.Great experience, will definitely come back!
5	The Summerlin location closed, sad since it was beautiful there. The food & service here is excellent! Attention to detail & friendly staff. The Butterfish Tasted a bit fishy & the Filet Mignon was a bit tough, but everything else was really good.
4	Amazing service (as usual).  For some reason, I disliked my mai tai so they let me order another drink with no problem.The food was great as usual but for me was missing that unique Roy's touch that I've seen both in Hawaii and Florida.The special roll for the summer was awesome.  Fresh, good fish.  The Korean fried rice side dish was only okay.Drinks are strong--I liked the drink with the date in it (like 1928 or something).  It was slightly sweet.
2	Service is good but a very old/bad glass of wine, prices are up and portion was down on the Butterfish dish.  Very disappointed, don't think I will return again.
4	I was still too full from lunch at The Coffee Cup in Boulder City to eat a whole dinner. I had the white sangria, excellent. Also the salad with the Asian pear and blue cheese crumbles. The dressing was mango, and delicious. But the best part were the desserts. We had the pineapple upside down cake w. coconut ice cream, and the chocolate molten cake, with raspberry coulis and vanilla ice cream. WOW! Both were just awesome. We don't have anything comparable to the pineapple upside down cake in Boston, it was fantastic. Service was excellent!
5	We just ate at Roy's Restaurant and the meal was superb as always. I had the Ahi tuna and my boyfriend had the rib eye. Service was excellent as always!!
3	This place was good. I think I had lofty expectations as it is listed as the number one restaurant in Las Vegas on Trip Advisor and was disappointed when I wasn't blown away. Don't get me wrong, it easily could have been the 30th best restaurant in Vegas but definitely not number one. The first item I took issue with is the service was really slow. I get that everything is made to order but it was a Sunday evening at 7pm and the restaurant was only half full, there was no reason for us to have waited 30 minutes for our appetizer of Lobster pot stickers and a California roll and then another 30 minutes for our entree and so on through dessert and the check. Additionally, I found the idea of a Hawaiian fusion restaurant intriguing and I think I was disappointed that what I picture as Hawaiian flavor made such a weak appearance. Where was my exotic fruit plate or roasted pork with pineapple sauce? I wanted some sweet and savory grilled filet kabobs or something but instead the offerings were what one could find on the menu of any fine dining chain. Scallops, Filet, California roll etc. Been there done that. If you must eat here, I recommend the following POA-1. Allow yourself a solid 3 hours to dine2. Forget that you're at a Hawaiian restaurant and pretend it's a Ruth Chris with Hawaiian decor 3. Order the chili fried rice. It wasn't too spicy and it was especially light and tasty.
2	This is the review for their happy hour.The Skinny: Came in for Monday night Martini night and was unimpressed with the quality of the food (2), service: the bar service is below expectations (1) value: for $30 to try their happy hour menu, not only is it expensive but not that impressive. Avoid.(1.5 star experience bump up to 2).I was running late from work to meet up with the hubs for Roy's Happy Hour. For the record, this was his idea.We'd previously been to the Summerlin location (before it closed) for happy hour so we were expecting a somewhat similar experience. To describe the atmosphere, the happy hour crowd looked like a bunch of aspiring yuppies who can't quite afford the lifestyle. Not exactly my scene but whatever, I went with it. After all, I was here for the food.Meh. We tried the Misoyaki butterfish lettuce cups ($6 during Monday night happy hour), Shrimp and Pork Gyoza($6), the Red Curry Samosas($6) Crispy Pork and Steamed Bun ($6). Because I got there late, the hubs finished off his Wagyu burger without me ($9).I will have to rely of my husband's input on the Wagyu burger. Here's his take on it: the bun:meat ratio was decent however the lack of truffle/togarashi flavor, overcooked patty (medium-well... the cow is crying) and piss poor presentation (the crust of the bun looks like it was molting) makes it a pass.The Misoyaki butterfish lettuce cups (3pcs)were very lackluster. Although the misoyaki butterfish tasted fine, the dish felt underseasoned with the boiled/watery verimicelli noodles underneath. The flavor of the fried shallots were overwhelmed with some dismal thick batter it was drenched in. After tasting a really exceptional steamed bun the other day from a new ramen establishment, I was really looking forward to sampling Roy's Crispy pork belly with steamed bun. Sporting 2 small steamed buns, I would have been willing to pay the $6 if I thought they were drop dead good. Unfortunately they did not pass the muster. The crispy pork belly was a bit too dry and it just didn't melt in your mouth like it ought to. There was definitely too little meat in the bun. The bun itself was a little generic tasting and didn't have the lightness of a great mantou. The flavors were okay but nothing special. This was the least offensive dish.Shrimp and Pork Gyoza. If you serve boiled dumplings, the filling better taste damn good just by the nature of how you plan to cook them. Unfortunately, this dish can't recover from the lack of shrimp and under seasoned pork. In addition, the dish was texturally uninteresting. Served with standard yet diluted (likely due to the water from the boiled dumplings) sweet Thai chili sauce - aka known as "Firecracker" sauce, they were definitely underwhelming and not worth 4 gyoza for $6. Not to mention, these were the fugliest dumplings I have ever seen. No Asian worth their salt would ever let these dumplings out of their kitchen out of sheer embarassment.The Red Curry Samosas fell flat... literally. The puff pastry did not hold up to the rather flavorless bland curry filling. The pastry just sank into a greasy, soggy mess and didn't have the distinct butter layers one would expect with a half decent puff pastry dough. Even freaking Pepperidge Farm puff pastry tasted better than the crap we were served. Of note, the filling contained very little chicken and was very starchy due to all the potatoes. Again 3 pc for $6 is a rather small serving size. That being said, it perhaps was a blessing there wasn't too much of a bad thing.Considering the level of cuisine you'd expect given the price, this joint doesn't pass the muster. The hubs and I paid $33 for badly presented, poorly textured, flavorless, greasy food and I can in no way recommend this place.Adding insult to injury, service at the bar was pretty dismal. As soon as I arrived, the server came up and asked what I wanted to drink. I said water. I never got my water and resorted to stealing my hubs glass. And I was there for at least 20 minutes. I'm not even sure why she bothered to ask. I tried to wave her over to grab the check. We made eye contact but she was too busy yammering with her coworker to care. Finally, when she did deign herself to bring the check, she messed up the charges on one of the dishes. This was despite my husband confirming with her before he ordered if the misoyaki butterfish was discounted to $6 on Mondays.Given the current plethora of great restaurants in Vegas, you could do much better elsewhere at a much more reasonable price. Combined with the poor service, I am uncertain how this location is able to survive in  this competitive environment. I was really tempted to give this place a 1 star review however the food was still edible albeit not much more than that. Therefore this joint gets a 1.5 starred review with a very reluctant bump up to 2 star.
4	Was a little pricey for my wife and I and 6 yr old... $216.00. I had a filet mignon, lobster tail combo... tail was  small, and I thought if my filet was good, it would be no big deal. Instead, I had 3 different bites of my filet (also small) that were very grisly. They did remake me a new filet - which brought them back to a 4, although my wifes full size filet was very dry. They did offer to take both off the bill, so kudos for that although we told them to leave it on the bill since we both ended up getting our fill. Dessert and appetizers were very good, but $50 for two drinks each was a bit much.
5	Excellent customer service, great birthday experience with my friends.  Loved the food, and their attention to detail.
5	We have eaten at Roys many times in the past. There are a few things that we know we love at this restaurant. My wife ordered the pork ribs and the garlic shrimp ( two appetizers instead of a main course). The ribs are an old favorite of ours it did not fail this time. The meat literally fell off the bone and was incredibly delicious. The garlic shrimp large flavorful and cooked to perfection. I ordered a summer special that they had that included an appetizer, main course and dessert, all for $36. The appetizer was a papaya salad. It had spring mixed greens, peanuts, papaya, and a chili vinaigrette sauce. What a terrific combination  with the papaya adding sweetness and moisture. The peanuts added just the right amount of crunch. The main course was seared shrimp and lemongrass confit chicken. The presentation of the plate was stunning. The seared shrimp were cooked just right. They were juicy and flavorful. The chicken was moist and delicious. There was a coconut milk infused red curry sauce. All of this was accompanied by the baby carrots and grilled scallions. And the service was outstanding. Our server, Tiffany, was very attentive without being overbearing. Overall a wonderful dining experience.
5	Excellent service. Wonderful menu. Easily accessible from Vegas Strip hotels. Wonderful  chocolate souffle.
3	Very good quite deserving of the ratings here on Yelp.  Very solid overall but nothing so memorable that I have to go back next time I am in Vegas.  Maybe it was the fact that they only receive two shipments of fish per week according to their waitstaff.  As a visitor from the coast, that doesn't inspire me so i got the chicken confit special.  Not the melt in your mouth confit that one would expect.  Papaya salad was good though very light on the papaya which was compensated for with a bold dressing.  the Semi-fredo was very nice and would consider it the best part of the meal.
3	I've been frequenting this spot for about 7-8 years and I have to say that that the level of food quality is declining. This used to be a great spot to take everyone because I was sure they would love the food and ambiance but in recent years the ambiance has remained in tact and the menu/chef has declined. Beware, the surrounding area is pretty scary at night. The sushi appetizers are all absolutely delicious: namely aunt leis roll and the sunrise. You can't go wrong. Entrees are iffy...the menu has changed. The butterfish is the best on the menu but the tempura sea bass is HORRIBLE.  Very poor execution. So bad that it was the first and only dish that I've returned in my life at any restaurant. It's oily and covers the flavor of the fish (waitress specifically recommended it stating that it's surprisingly not oily). I've also had the poached, somewhat dry lobster. Guests of mine have had non fish dishes and I've heard mixed reviews. As far as cocktails go, the Hawaiian martini is amazing and the desserts are all top notch if you have room. (Order early as they take a while to make). One note: the waitstaff is always impeccable and helpful. They are trained well in always satisfying the customer (waitress that recommended the returned sea bass was overly apologetic to the point that I felt bad).
5	I was taken here for my birthday and it was one of the most memorable dining experiences I've ever had. Upon driving into the establishment the decor (tiki flames, spacing available for valet etc) was absolutely gorgeous and well thought out. Everyone from the busser, waiter, to the hostess was warm inviting and so charming. The waitress, was honestly one of the best waitresses I've ever had. She was so genuine and kindly welcoming. Everything she did from the beginning to end was absolutely flawless. This was all before we even began to eat, and we were already impressed. We were listed specialities and suggestions and from those I chose the trio fish plate. Which practically melted in my mouth. Roy's has definitely perfected the art of creating the an experience for the guest. If they know it's your birthday - all the wait staff that pass by will say happy birthday to you. They gave us free dessert and a framed picture that came as a surprise. On a separate occasion, I took my father here as well for his birthday and the experience was paralleled. I highly highly recommend Roy's for the upscale fine dining experience!
4	Came here on 10/3 to celebrate with some friends for a promotion.  The service was impeccable.  The food was on point.  It was a bit pricey for the quality of food, though.  It was great they brought out a personalized dessert for the individual who we were there for celebrating their promotion...and a personalized framed photo for a souvenir to take home.
3	I just had dinner here with my sister. First of all... it was freaking scary when we parked and were walking toward the restaurant entrance. Immediately after we parked, 3 homeless looking people pushing a shopping cart came up to us and asked if they could please wash our car for some money, and if we dont want our car washed, could we give them money anyway. They were riight by the entrance. They looked like straight crackheads. My sister was so freaked out she started running to the front door. Once we rushed inside, we told the hostess about the homeless people lurking outside. She pretty much said oh okay. I dont know if they did anything about that, but they werent there when we left the restaurant so thats good. I really didnt like being afraid to go to a restaurant bc of the people hanging around the parking lot.. its scary! Anyway, we had a reservation for 7:30. We arrived early at 6:50. The hostess said there are reservations before us and asked us if we mind waiting at the bar until our table is ready.. that was fine. We ordered 2 mango mojitos and waited. Around 7:20 we were seated. Oh, the bartender this evening was very nice and social. My mojito was ok. Maybe a little too sweet for me tonight so I just had one. Ok so we ordered 2 rolls. An Aiea roll which consists of tuna, spicy tuna, and salmon and we also ordered a Sunrise Hak... roll. I cant remember the spelling. The Aiea roll was just ok. Nothing special about it stood out to me. The second roll was so bland that we each tried one piece of it amd then asked for it to be boxed up. Our server Jerry apologized for us not liking this roll and offered to take it back but we didnt think that was necessary. My sister ordered the poached lobster and filet and I ordered the sea bass. Both were not good. The lobster was dry and slightly burnt tasting and itty bitty. The filet, we just boxed that up too. My sea bass was cooked in batter, which had zero flavor. I actually peeled off the outside and just ate the fish. The fish was soft and juicy inside but still, nothing special. The quinoa it came with tasted burnt also... but im not sure if they meant for it to taste like that..? Finally, I ordered dessert. The coconut creme brulee. Now that was delicious. I ate every bit of that dessert. Jerry was a very sweet and attentive server. For my first time here, would I return for the food? No. Would I return for the dessert and service? Maybe... My experience here with my sister.. we both agreed it was eh. I was disappointed in the quality of the food here. This place got 4 out of 5 stars on Yelp and I really dont see why.
5	Exceptional. Love the food, service, ambiance. Roy's is hard to beat. Never a bad experience. Try the butterfish, you won't be sorry. And you can never go wrong with the chocolate soufle.
4	Ate here about 7 pm on Sun/2 Nov:- Had a $25 coupon that AMEX (American Express) sent me, with the caveat that I couldn't use it on a special (eg the three-course prix-fixe taste of NE Asia option) and so had to be seated in the main dining room.- At the maitre 'd podium, they said I could set anywhere and still use the coupon so I opted for the bar area.- Instead of bread Roy's provides free tasty, exotically salted (with curry powder?) edamame at the start of your meal.  I went with the $36(?) Roy's three-fish entree: mahi mahi (ok), salmon (good), butterfish (awesome), which came with a side of steamed white rice (I didn't ask if I could have brown rice).  Since it was NFL night the Aloha (happy) Hour bar bites was in effect all night, so I also got a $9 (normally $15) wagyu burger.  It was good, but of the three massive onion rings on the side - I could barely finish one because the breading/batter had bits which were really hard to chew. - Nico, my server, was great.- I miss the Roy's on Charleston in Summerlin (it closed down I think earlier this year), but this place is a suitable replacement.
5	I ordered dinner to go and when I was getting ready to pay I found out my account was hacked.  I was so upset not just because of what happened with my account but because I am in Vegas taking care of my father who is in the hospital and I had just found out my father-in-law passed away while I was here and not at home with my husband. I have to say that Simpson Leong, the manager and Stephanie, my waitress were so AMAZING.  They gave me my meal for free.  They were so very kind to me and I was so grateful for their kindness. Thank you for being so wonderful during such a difficult time!
4	Roy's was excellent, but I wasn't full-on blown away.  The service is amazing and the food is 4 stars.  My bf took me here as a surprise for date night. We were greeted right away and taken to our table. I ordered a Hawaiian martini, which was a bit too sweet for my taste. For food, we ordered the garlic prawns as an app, and I ordered the Chef's special pork chop and the bf ordered the butterfish.The pork chop was good, but the noodles were lame, like lo-mein noodles from a cheap Chinese restaurant. The pork chop was also not as tender as I would like. I guess it serves me right to order something that I cook to perfection at home. The butterfish was melt-in-your mouth delicious. It was a very tiny portion though. Luckily for bf, I shared quite a bit of my giant pork chop so he wasn't left hungry. The garlic prawns were the absolute hit of the night for me. They are actually just normal shrimp that are slightly larger than average and come with this garlic sauce and brussel sprouts. The sauce was delicious and tasted so good on the greens that topped the prawns. I think for me, the ambiance was a little off because it's a bit more of an old-fashioned older crowd. Also it wasn't very busy. We were in and out of there within an hour. We also had a $25 gift card so the bill wasn't too bad.
5	visited the location in Las Vegas, Monday special is awesome!!!  I went with my wife and food and service were excellent!!!  Thanks
5	I love Roy's! I am addicted to the Hawaiian islands and I can go to Roy's to get a brief Hawaii fix. I escape Vegas to Hawaii for an hour without the plane ride by just coming to Roy's for dinner.  I love the Butterfish 5/5 quite possibly the best entree on the menu.  Other stand outs include the Blackened Ahi and the Scallops.
5	Everything from the food to the service was fantastic. The staff was 100% courteous, friendly, and attentive the whole time. Glasses were never empty. Plates were cleared as soon as they were done. My dad forgot his reading glasses and couldn't read the menu, so our waiter brought out a pair so he could see. It's little details like that take a place from good to great. They even have a vegetarian menu, so my sister was especially pleased. My whole family enjoyed their meals. I got the lettuce wraps, which were great and the truffled mac and cheese as a side dish. The mac and cheese was heavenly, very rich and filling. Also the chocolate souffle for desert was incredible! Just the right amount of rich and gooey on the inside!Will absolutely return.
5	The food was very good and the service was excellent.  This is a good Restaurant for a Birthday or Anniversary Celebration.
4	This is a great food option not too far from the Vegas strip. I've only been to this location during Happy Hour, but have been to other Roy's and would recommend it as a HH spot. They've got lots of fun, Polynesian-inspired drinks as well as some Hawaiian beer and non-alcoholic options.My group tried pretty much everything on the Happy Hour menu, and here's the consensus:-Steamed Pork Buns- these are more sandwich-like than traditional bao, but seemed to be a hit at the table. (I don't eat pork but everyone else liked them)-Red Curry Chicken Samosas- these are delicious!! 3 to a plate so you may want a couple orders. And the dipping sauce served with them is a perfect complement.-Ebi Roll- these are a new age sushi roll, with cream cheese and all that jazz. Not my taste palate but the table gobbled 'em up.-Wagyu Burger- this was the star of the show. It's a wagyu patty served with a fried egg on a challah-like bun. It's large enough to split between 2 people (although the egg can get messy!) and comes with a few large onion rings. Not sure if what made it over-the-top delicious was the sauce, the meat, the prep...but it's one of the tastiest burgers I've ever had.Service was ok. Happy Hour nosh was about $9 each, which is fair considering the quality.There's a lot of good food on the strip, so I can imagine this is more of a local spot. But as a quick late afternoon airport detour or just as a mini escape, I'd recommend dining here.
5	Roy's is definitely one restaurant worth leaving the strip for!I recently celebrated my early retirement with a few friends and was treated like "ohana" (family).  To start, we were handed menus printed with my name and retirement date. The food was "onolicious" as usual. The service was friendly and efficient as always.  I received a snapshot and frame of us enjoying a complimentary dessert.  Lastly, we were given discount gift cards for future visits!  I visited various Roy's in other states and knew about the printed menus but the other additions were unexpected and most appreciated!When I visit Vegas, I typically stay on the strip but this restaurant was definitely worth traveling for.
2	I was so excited to come here.  I heard so much about this place.  It took 2 hrs to get our food.  I got the trio.  Not impressed.  Only liked one of them.  The only reason they get one star is because of our waitress.  I would love to give it a second shot, but let's just say that after tonight, Roy's left a bad taste in my mouth.  Ok, giving one more star because the head chef came by and apologized. Appreciate the gesture but still does not make it right.
4	Call me a less than sophisticated diner. I went on a Wednesday evening alone (in town for CES). I sat at the bar. I ate only appetizers and loved all three:  a shrimp salad, a sushi roll and some prawns. It was a pleasure watching the two sous-chefs and the line cooks do their work. I took time talking to them; they responding in kind. My waiter and servers were polite and engaging. I would recommend this restaurant highly, but it is rather expensive. I have a tough time paying $55 for appetizers and tap water for one. That's the only reason I don't rate Roy's as excellent.
