4	i had no idea this place existed until my sister and brother-in-law told me about it. it's hidden really well beneath the kennedy manor apartments, but is worth the effort to find it. we came for cocktails before my boyfriend and i went out to dinner for his birthday, so maybe it was because it was early, but there wasn't anyone else in there. it feels like a speakeasy in there, like al capone could be having a drink by the windows. there are black and white photographs around the room, and the wood is dark. obviously, service was great because we were one of maybe two parties there. the drinks were delicious. it feels like a little hideaway. this might be madison's best kept secret.
4	Grade: BVery underrated place. Unique food. Excellent service. Somewhat pricey.
3	This place is really quite nice. The breadth of the menu might be a bit narrow, but the quality certainly made up for it. Also, I was very impressed with the wine list.I wouldn't go so far as to say the food is "unique" (as Patrick T. stated), but it is good. Personally, I found the ingredients somewhat 'blah'. Don't get me wrong, my food was very good -- it's just not truly "unique" in my experience. My date on the other hand, wasn't so impressed. As it turns out the salmon wasn't anything special. For the record, I had the pork tenderloin, which was outstanding.Ladies, a tip: if you invite a guy out to dinner chances are he assumes you intend to pay. Don't invite him here and then expect him to spring for the bill -- especially not at these prices. Talk about being blind-sided, yeesh.
5	I don't very often give 5 stars, but I liked this place and so did my wife.And if mama likes it - everybody likes it.Art deco back to the 30's in a landmark building basement. A bar that lined the wall could have come from a Mickey Spillane novel. The waiter was attentive, funny, professional and spot on with all his recommendations. The couple behind us were fighting, to our amusement.They were a couple of high rolling snobs and the guy, good looking well dressed in his 50's was bending over backwards to get the worlds biggest ice princess to just give him a hug now and then.Hilarious.So wanted to tell him she wasn't worth it and that he could do better just about anywhere.I had the special red snapper with dill laced tartar sauce. A work of art.Waiter was uber professional, watered us regularly and has worked there for 6 years.the wife would have liked to see more choices on the menu, but I found it to be part of the over all charm. Just a few dishes done to perfection.And it helps to have dinner with a beautiful lady.
5	I have not had a steak that yummy in YEARS.  It was lightly seasoned and cooked to perfection.  My husband loved the chicken as well.  I can't wait to go back!
5	Went here Friday night for our Anniversary.  Man, was it good!  I had the romaine salad, and hubby had the pate for apps.  Both yummy!  For our entree, I had Filet, he had New York Strip.  We both loved our steaks.  No room for dessert!I would highly recommend this restaurant.
2	Completely unmemorable and way overpriced.Ordered the spaghetti bolognese, $18. Waitress returned to let me know it was out and suggested the spaghetti and meatball special, $14.95. What came out was a reasonable portion of overcooked dry pasta, four small meatballs and very little tomato sauce. Turns out they use the sauce and meatballs from frambonis. With no appetizers, salad or sides the pasta with two beers was $31. Very overpriced and completely blah. Won't return.
