5	My go-to grocery store (well here, and Trader Joe's for their specialty items).This store has completed it's transition to a Sprouts (was a Sunflower Market until last month).  All the signage, indoor and out, is there.  It seems like they actually hired a few extra people during the transition, and the new employees are just as friendly and helpful as the original group.I get essentially all of my veggies here - they always have pretty awesome specials like 3 red bell peppers for a buck (last night) and cilantro and green onions are always around the range of $.50 for a bunch.  Quite a variety of sprouts are offered as well, but they seem to often be out of alfalfa sprouts, causing me to venture into Fry's occasionally.Wine and beer selection is also pretty great.  And whatever staff member checks you out will probably offer a nice suggestion based on whatever boozy delight you've just purchased -- definitely love trying new things!The bulk section is also pretty substantial, however I don't peruse it as often as a I probably should...Overall, absolutely a great local health market, with much more reasonable prices than Whole Foods.  The main difference is of course the size and a major lack of prepared foods (especially sushi and vegetarian options).BEWARE: I learned the hard way that overnight parking is not allowed in this shopping center.  F' the property management co!
5	I have a Breville juicer, and love to make different combos of fruit and vegetable drinks. This accounts for probably about 10 meals a week for me. So to be able to get such quality at such a great price for organic fruits and veggies is a huge bonus. They also carry all my favorites, like almond milk, Greek yogurt, incredible beer and wine selection, and lots of bulk items like nuts, quinoa, organic oats, dried fruits, etc. I love the health and beauty section, as well.Very clean store, friendly and helpful staff, great prices, and open every day from 7am - 11pm!
4	Love that this is almost next door - easily walkable. I preferred sunflower market, but this definitely beats Fry's. I think they have a few items that are overpriced, but the healthier options factor makes that up.
5	Love the organic food options... and the fresh produce..
4	This Sprouts took over the Sunflower Farmers Market over the summer. There have been a few changes made with the new store. I like that there's a few more new products. There seems to be more to choose from. More selection overall with produce and a few shelved items like salad dressing and wine. I'm finding the prices to be slightly more than Sunflower though. They certainly don't rank up there with Whole Foods prices, and a lot of their produce is still cheaper than the Frys on the same street. I'm still a huge fan of the bulk section for saving $$$ I'm so glad they didn't get rid of that! Staff is helpful, especially the produce guys!!!
2	I found this place to be pretty annoying. It's like a TJ's in that it doesn't have the normal stuff you'd find at a huge grocer like Safeway or Albertson's, but is lacking the unique buys that makes a place like TJ's worth going too. I will try to avoid.
3	Better than the regular grocery stores, but I still miss Sunflower prices.  It is more expensive, but the selection is about the same as before.
4	I love doing my veggie and fruit shopping here! They have a great variety and it all looks so yummy and tempting when I go. I like that they have seeds and grains so I can add some to my salads or make yummy cookies. Their deli section isn't bad, I wish there was a bit more in terms of meats and cheese to get sliced to order although they have plenty in their display coolers.
5	Aside from always having great produce at prices cheaper than their grocery chain competitors, their deli sandwiches are amazing and only $2.99! Sandwiches are fresh, and made-to-order behind the counter while you wait for a few minutes. They use Boar's Head deli meat so you know you're getting quality stuff. I go hear a few times a week on my lunch break and have never been disappointed!
4	Average sprouts.  Great organic stuff, not the cheapest but fair pricing.  Good staff for the most part in my experience.
5	One word can easily describe my weekly experience at Sprouts: obsessed.  Although I was a huge fan of Sunflower (felt super local) and was kind of upset with "the man" for taking over, I quickly realized how similar the two companies are and see how it made sense to make the merger.  Minus the fact that Sprouts is literally across the street from my house, there is so much goodness happening inside that I would for sure travel outside of my usual 2 block radius to get clean food I feel comfortable putting into my body in a heart beat! Smart shopping tip: grab a basket and avoid the urge to use a cart! This will limit the amount of food you purchase to only the necessities.  The cart is begging you to buy unnecessary snacks that leads to a higher bill, but even worse, unhealthy crap!  Stick to fresh foods that will get you through 7-10 days of meals. The meat selections in the deli are incredible!  From the jalapeno chicken sausage (awesome for egg casseroles!) to the carne asada, the guys back there really know what they are doing!  A pound of each selection can last 2-3 meals if portioned out correctly. Onto the veggies! What a great selection of common and rare vegetables to choose from, mostly grown locally which should make you feel super trendy.From their wine to their fruit chips, Sprouts has what you need to live a healthy lifestyle while eating like a king or queen.  I simply cannot get enough and highly recommend this market conveniently located in Old Town Scottsdale.
5	Love their homemade soups and salads. Their prices aren't terrible but even for the more expensive items I don't mind paying extra.
4	I love this Sprouts. The location is great for me in between work and home and the store is really clean. It gets SUPER crowded right after work at like 6pm so it's hard to find a parking spot but you will find one eventually. Staff is always friendly and they're always running some good deals. I like the meat and fish counter especially because the Fry's down the road doesn't have one. The sandwich deal and lunch at their deli is a STEAL. It's like $3 and it's good quality (way better than Subway or some of the other nearby options). They have a good soup bar too, and cheap produce. Also, they carry two of my favorite seasonal beers, Shiner Cheer at Christmas and Abita Strawberry in the spring. One complaint: all the eggs are like $4.99+. No Bueno. I've literally come here for groceries, gotten around to the eggs and been like nope...I will go else where....just for a dozen eggs.
3	I miss Sunflower. Maybe they are similiar and that seems too picky, but Sprouts just doesn't have the same selection or prices. Their pantry items are as expensive as Whole Foods, and their produce is mostly cheap conventional stuff from Mexico. Don't get me wrong, I'm ok with strolling in once a week when craving out of season produce and under the allusion that coming here will save me more money than going all the way up to Whole Foods. The experience is never as pleasurable though and I spend the same amount. Not many local options either, which is disappointing. The beer selection is decent and the wine selection mediocre, but the prepared food and bakery are definitely wanting. The olive bar is nice, which Sunflower didnt' have. The staff is typically indifferent to you being there, which I guess is fine. Or maybe I just never realized how much I like friendly grocery store people that truly love good food. Overall, Sprouts is close to home and fine when it's on the way and when I need to stop at another neighboring store (hello PetSmart), but I'm even more inclined to go to Safeway now.
5	Love, Love, Love!!!!  Staff  is super friendly and great prices on yummy produce!!!!!
4	Had my first $2.99 sandwich here and it was worth the price. All you need to do id add 50 cents for cheese and your total out the door is $3.78. The turkey is Boars Head (not sure if you can substitute flavored turkey) and you get all the usual condiments you need by checking off a box on a piece of paper. You would pay 8 bucks for a similar Boars Head sandwich at other places, so it's a great value and very filling as well.
4	This location is pretty big for Scottsdale.  They have fresh veggies and fruits.  The floor spaces are very wide, so if you have a electric scooter, it will definitely fit.  The floors and the restrooms are very clean as well.  Once a year they will offer $100 worth of gift card for only $79.99, so definitely a good buy if you shop here a lot.  I especially love their bulk coffee beans where you can choose to buy just 1 flavor or mix bunch together.  This location is the only one in South Scottsdale that's just south of Camelback Rd. between Scottsdale Rd. & Miller Rd.
5	Have been consistently going to this Sprouts for over a year. The have excellent, let me repeat excellent customer service. Pros-Great employees and service-Good prices-Lots of healthy options-Good sandwiches Cons-To go food selection so-so
5	Do you like honey musties? If so, sprouts is the place for you!!!!!!!!!! Do yourself a favor and get the honey musties. Honey mustiesHungryHoney musties Hungry
4	Awesome produce Awesome Meats horrible horrible horrible lines. If they got their register situation figures out I'd give it 5 stars.
4	I love doing my weekly shopping here. They have great food in the bins, local fruits and veggies, and healthy food selections. The staff at the checkout counters are quick and friendly as well.
5	This Sprouts is awesome. The food is generally always good but the staff here is what sets this location apart.  And the few times I've gotten home to discover my produce was bad, I was able to get a replacement for no problem.
4	Awesome customer service - super fast cashiers - clean store -  fantastic meat counter - above average beer and wine selection - nice displays and arrangement of produce. They always have a great sale going on for one thing or another and I have never seen any of their items that had turned or gone bad. I adore the quirky guy who patrols the supplement section. He's chock full of information and always ready to answer any questions you may have.My only gripe is parking sucks (not their fault) and the lines have been known to snake so far back I end up buying a bag of bulk gummi bears when I hadn't planned on it. A good tip is to avoid the store between 4:30 - 5:30 if possible.And bring back the lemon hummus Sunflower used to carry!
4	Clean, bright and often out of items we frequently buy.  However, they have a super nice staff, and since this used to be a Sunflower store, they tell me they're still in the process of standardizing.  Overall, not quite as nice or well-stocked as the Shea location, but still terrific!  The lines can get wicked long on weekends, and the shelves are pretty empty of things like bread and muffins by about 8:30pm (even though they're open until 10pm).  If you keep those things in mind and come in during the day, you're likely to find your favorite type of Sprouts bread and most everything else.If you've never been to Sprouts before, it's a huge natural store - great produce (organic and regular), groceries, frozen stuff and household products, plus an extensive wine selection and a vast array of already-prepared foods.  It's a much more reasonably priced, smaller and more casual Whole Foods.  They have big bulk bins of all kinds of things, from different types of flour, flax and nuts to dried fruit, yogurt pretzels and chocolate-covered fruit/nuts.  You can get a small amount as an ingredient or a lasting supply.  My husband finds all of this really useful for healthy recipes and smoothies.  They have great natural brands of toilettries, including Tom's of Maine, Burt's Bees, lots of neat brands I've never seen anywhere else).  The selection is eclectic and excellent.  They don't have all the same brands and items as the regular grocery store, but they do have almost everything we need.
4	I'd much rather shop here than Whole Foods.  Good selection of fruits and veggies at reasonable prices.
4	This is our neighbourhood go-to shop for organic products.  They have a great produce section, wide selection of organic beers and wines at reasonable prices, and a decent selection in their grocery aisle as well. I've often found better prices than at Whole Foods, and good savings when I've bought items in bulk/multiples. It is a quiet store and I've never seen it overly crowded or long line-ups.
5	Sprouts is an excellent place to come for your produce. Very cheap, great selection and always fresh. Other items are marked up however.For those who are single this is probably a good place to pick up other fit, organic loving people.
4	They have a lot of things normal grocery stores don't and a great wine selection.  I found most everything I was looking for, but they are small and were sold out of several items... Lots of bulk foods and grains, the staff were very nice and helpful.  I like it just not for things like paper towels, house stuff, etc. they didn't mind me using my vaporizer which was cool, I thought for sure I was going to get scolded!;)
4	This clean, well stock grocery store has a 'hometown' feel. I shopped in Sprouts a few times while in Scottsdale visiting my family. We found everything we needed for meals and cookie baking. A few favorites were Sprouts Sourdough bread, Boars Head deli meats, steaks and chicken from the meat counter, sweet oranges and fresh produce. There are, also, many gluten free choices throughout the store. Although smaller than the larger grocery store chains, Sprouts had everything we were looking for, comparable prices and friendly shopping experience.
1	Such a bad experience.  Waited 35 minutes to get a deli sandwich! !! Seriously? !? My lunch break was ruined
1	The sandwiches have taken a huge downhill turn. AVOID, even though they are dirt cheap at $2.99. This location uses stale bread, end slices of tomatoes, brown lettuce and the most minimal amount of turkey possible. Pathetic excuse for a sandwich.If your desperate, it still is Boars Head, so strip the turkey and use your own bread and condiments.
5	Sprouts is my go-to grocer! Great selection of fruits and vegetables. Delicious sandwiches and drinks for on the go. Employees are always pleasant and friendly. Like a neighborhood grocery store should be.
4	I always say Sprouts is like the love child of Whole Foods and Trader Joe's. It offers more of the all-around grocery store like Whole Foods, but offers cheaper prices similar to Trader Joe's, and exhibits the healthy, all-natural, organic products that both Whole Foods and Trader Joe's capitalize on.I love getting my baking ingredients here as they have a great selection compared to traditional grocery stores and Trader Joe's with similar pricing. There bakery section is also a lot of fun to peruse and sometimes I am able to keep my willpower and not pick up anything that I really don't need like muffins or cookies. They have tons of bread/wrap/pita options depending on stomach sensitives or dietary avoidance like tapioca based breads and several gluten free options. In addition to the bakery, they have a deli section, meat and seafood counter, produce, spices, spirits, and health/wellness section.I usually swing by this store on my way home from work to pick up last minute items and even though there are tons of other people who are doing the same thing, I am to get-in and out very quickly. Bottom line: Sprouts is great for the health (-ier) conscious with cheaper pricing than Whole Foods, but a smaller selection.
5	I like everything about this Sprouts from the granola, coffee beans, and cheese... to the fresh fruits and vegetables. Wish I had some criticism to say but will leave it at that...
1	Very disappointed when I came to sprouts 2 nights ago and all the cashiers were huddled around at the only register open.. When I got to the register I greeted the cashier with a friendly "hi, how are you?" The cashier completely ignored me and  continued talking with her friends. The cashier and other young employees continued talking as she was ringing up my items about how her new boyfriend and how he was a pardon my language "such a virgin".. That is no way to talk in front of your customers and continued to talk about how him. Then Rudely handed me my receipt while I was done paying.. Ruined the rest of my night and I've been thinking about how rude they were the past two days. I don't think I will be coming back to this sprouts.
