3	I have been to Retro Bar on two occasions.  Both times were on a Saturday night and it was a pretty consistent experience.  The Retro Bar has a 60's space kitsch decor with rocket ships and stars, and perforated sheet metal accents.  The place is pretty big, but you enter from a small inconspicuous door from the street side of the building.You enter a wonderful dance area but hardly anyone dances.  The music is pretty retro, 60s to today pop and dance hits.  Disco, 80s new wave/synth pop caught my attention.The bar is on one side of the room and it stretches almost the entire length of the place, so it's not difficult to get a drink.  The bartenders are proficient and make great drinks.  If you are looking for a mixologist to concoct the latest trendy bev, this might not be the place to find one.  I had cosmopolitans the first visit and it was tasty!  The second visit, I asked for an Absolut Mandarin and tonic and got mostly absolut which was not a bad thing, but had to wait a bit for the ice to melt to weaken it a bit.  Needless to say, I only had a couple of drinks the way they were mixing that night.There is a pool table out back and a smoking patio.The crowd is very neighborhood-y.  Townies who live close by come in for a drink with friends, play some video games, listen to old favorite dance tunes, and then go home.  It's not at all a meat market, but some clientele, I am sure you know who you are, would like more fresh meat in there.  It's a friendly place where you get a nod or wave, but nothing too forward or aggressive.My rec is to go with a bunch of friends and spend quality time with each other.  you can hook up later at some other place.
4	we thtumbled into thiths playth a few monthths ago and it waths aMAYYYYZthing!!! totally gay but the decor waths awethsome and retro, like for therial. they had tonths of gaymths and it waths thso good! if you voted yeth on prop 8, you're stho thupid.
5	This is my new favorite bar. The decor is awesome. They have rad-ass performers. So rad, in fact, that my Bird's parents now know she's gay because the Lounge singer used a gaydar machine on her and it went off the charts. But let's talk about the important stuff. $1 jello slime shots. Enough vodka to give you smell-chills and cheap enough to not be too upset about throwing it all up later. They have Absolut Peppar. This is important to me as I like my dirty vodka martinis spicy. The spicier the better. You simply must check this place out. I think I'm going to try to get my next birthday party scheduled here.
5	This place rocks. If I wasn't on a temporary, self-imposed rehab binge, I would be here every night. Especially Friday. I walked into the bar and they have Star Trek mannequins. Um... hells ya! I walked up to the bar and ordered myself a $1 alien slime shot (Hard core vodka jello shot with 7-up) and got MESSED UP. I walked into the bathroom and guess what - they are unisex! I walked back to the bar and ordered myself another $1 alien slime shot whilst I was serenaded by the amazingly gay lounge duo. And most importantly, I found out that I too was gay. The lovely lady lounge singer used her gaydar machine and that thing practically blew up. Sorry Dally. There is nothing wrong with this bar.
3	Retrobar is now closed as a gay bar and has re-opened under some other name, now a straight bar.  A shame, really, because the decor was fun and it was in a NE location.  Oh well.
