5	I am writing this as I am sitting getting a pedicure. I've been coming to this nail salon at least once a month since I was 17. (7 years now) The people are friendly, and professional. It doesn't matter who I get, because they are all awesome! I am never disappointed. At just $20, there is no better way to spend your money.
4	Love the pedicures I leave this place with!  Everyone else fails miserably and charges too much for their outcomes!  Fancy Nails is a good deal with a great result!  I've gotten a manicure once which was decent!  Me footsies love Fancy Nails!!!
5	I have been coming to Diana's nail salon since she opened this location. I have never had a bad experience! For my wedding, Diana had blocked off the back half of the salon for me, my mom & my bridal party. They really gave us the 5 star treatment!They accept appointments as well as walk ins, they rarely turn anyone away, even 30 minutes before they close. There are about 10 spa pedicure stations and 10 manicure stations as well. They use the "worry free" piping system so you don't have to question the cleanliness of the spa chairs. Another plus is there is no "nail salon smell" which tends to make me nauseous. All around, a great place to go; and I have since 2001.
5	Love this place!The pedicures here are divine and last forever and the manicures are just as lovely.  They recently got a new model of massage pedicure chairs which are even more addictive to sit in.  I have been coming here for 6+ years and love it! Reasonably priced and clean, consistent atmosphere keep me coming back!
3	I went to this Nail Salon because of the fabulous reviews here on Yelp. The first time I went, totally loved the experience the pedicure lasted almost a month and I do the gel shelac mani it was done fabulously lasted  over 2 weeks and it totally would have lasted 3 I think but I wanted a change for a major performance. My 2nd experience has me less than ecstatic, my manicure wasn't the best, the shape was inconsistent from nail to nail, the tips of my nails were rough (actually caught on clothing) and I really felt that my time was shortened under the UV light for packing in the customers.  It's been only a week and the shelac has actually peeled off on 2 fingers. I also made my appointment early in the day and still didn't get seen at the time of appointment, leads me to believe they totally overbook. I would try them again if I could get the same lady but to much of a lucky draw from what I have experienced.
4	Very friendly service and so inexpensive for pedicures! My boyfriend and I really enjoyed relaxing here.The only negative is that I wish they had a bit more of a selection of nail polishes. Also, they ask that we don't use credit cards.
2	ehhhhhhh...I really wanted to like this place...but I left unimpressed.My co worker recommended this place after a few good experiences. I am also crazy about reading reviews online and overall, this place has good reviews so I gave it a shot. The shop was in good condition and I really liked that they took their tools out of a sanitized bag. Knowing your tools have been cleaned well is a big plus.I got a shellac manicure and the younger girl that did my manicure was nice and thorough, however, she put WAY too much polish on. My past shellac manicures have lasted 2-3 weeks but mine started to lift off my nails within 5 days. I am thinking I just got the wrong gal for the job but I think I am going to be sticking with Desert Nail Spa. $25 for a shellac manicure.
5	Fun and friendly staff!
5	They recently remodeled. New chairs and nice atmosphere. $39 for mani/pedi, and they did a good job! I messed up my pedicure, and went back the next day and she fixes it for free! So nice!
5	My favorite nail salon for pedicures :) they have the best nail polish color selection!
5	I've never had a better trip to a nail salon! Best one in the area; the lady that did my gel French mani was a perfectionist and did them beautifully. Her name was Tina and was so sweet, asking if I liked the way she did it just in case. The owners are very costumer service-oriented and polite. I'll definitely be coming back.
4	I desperately needed to get my nails done yesterday while in the Kierland neighborhood, so pulled out the Yelp app and found Fancy Nails.  The reviews were spot on...Tony was great - friendly, quick and quality work!  I will definitely be back when I am in the area again and in need of a pedicure or a fill.
5	I love this place, I come here all the time.  It's like an addiction for me to get my nails done.  I love my specific nail stylist, but I refuse to give a name cause I don't want anyone getting booked up.  I always get the gel nails and they last a really long time, I've even gone an entire month before needing to redo them before.  I'm constantly getting compliments on my nails and asked where I get them done, and their color selection is abundant enough that it can please anyone's color needs.
5	Love this place. Very large with lots of nail techs.  I've never waited longer than 5 min even without appointment.  They do a fantastic job on nails and toes. They even have little kids pedi chairs...my girls love it there!!
2	I've been to this place countless times, I've really tried to like it, mainly cause everyone there is so nice! But it's always 50/50! Either it's amazing or it takes 2+hours to do a simple gel manicure. It just seems that their techs need more training. Among other reasons, it's unlikely i will be returning to Fancy Nails.
5	Very relaxing! ! Ask for Tina!!  Massage chairs are awesome and they even have fun chairs for your little princess! !
5	Having just moved to Phoenix 3 weeks ago from Ohio, finding the local establishments that are really great has already been in a work in progress. I am happy to report, however, that after visiting Fancy Nails I have found my go-to nail salon already! I went to Fancy Nails based on the yelp reviews I saw, and it's close proximity to my home in desert ridge, and I am so happy I did! The prices are absolutely more than fair (25 dollars for a shellac manicure, 24 dollars for a pedicure), and the quality is spot on!  Diana did my manicure and she was excellent. She has a great sense of humor too which made the experience all the better. I am not sure of the name of the gentleman who did my pedicure for me, but he was phenomenal as well!I will definitely be going back whenever I need a little pampering :)
5	I had a wonderful experience at Fancy Nails. First of all I walked in about a 1/2 hour til close, but I was desperate and they were open on a Sunday, when my regular nail salon wasn't. So bonus there! They have a great big selection of polishes too. I got a gel manicure from one of the male nail technicians and he was wonderful. He did such a meticulous job!! I think this polish will stay on for three weeks. It's been nine days and I usually see the start of the polish wearing off/growing out and .... nothin'. I bet I go 16-17 days with this polish on. He also gave me some tips about my nails and how I should request that no drills be used to remove my gel polish at all as it burns and pits the nail bed... something I didn't pay much attention to as I thought I was going to a professional before who knew how to take care of nails. Salons that are in a hurry and treat customers like cattle tend to use those drills to get clients in and out fast.The salon was very clean and the staff is wonderful. I highly recommend! Great experience and spot on dollar wise... $25 for a gel mani. I'm going to try a pedicure this weekend.
5	Best place ever and I have been to many in the short two years since moving here.  They are super professional, always on time and do a great job.  Clean is a bonus!  Danny is the man...most professional tech ever...knows his stuff. I get the gel pedicures and they last almost 6 weeks.  I will never go anywhere else!
4	I have never had a bad experience here! The staff is all very friendly and most speak great English so I don't feel awkward communicating. They have pedicure chairs for children that are really cute. My one gripe would be that I wish a pedicure for a child was cheaper. Their nails are tiny and they don't have to do much. They should give you more than a couple of dollars off. But all in all I am a repeat customer. When I brought my daughter for her birthday she was in heaven and they were SO sweet to her. This place is my first choice in the area!
5	They took me for a pedicure even though I got there 20 min before closing. Great service!
5	It's a beautiful nail spa.  Ella is a perfectionist, treating my nails like a surgeon would treat any delicate surgery. She is meticulous. My manicure was $15 and it looks shiny and fabulous! Also from Ella, going on 3 weeks for my pedicure. It still looks perfect. I'll see her in a week or so for a refresh!
4	I went here for the first time today and I loved it! The people were great, the atmosphere was inviting, and the salon was super clean. Really affordable and the only only reason I didn't give it a 5 is because there seemed to be some confusion about what type of manicure I was getting, so I ended up having to wait after my pedicure was finished. Everything was great after it was all sorted out though! I will definitely go back!
5	Every time I've been here I've had a different tech do my nails and each time they've turned out amazing!  Plus I love the decor of the place :)  definitely recommend... and the prices are very reasonable, $25 for a gel manicure!
5	I have been coming here for 9+ years and I absolutely love this place!  They are efficient, meticulous, and consistent to top!  I really couldn't ask for a better nail place.  Every time I've had an issue, the owner does all that she can to make it right.  I have had other shops act like they don't know what I'm talking about, which is the most frustrating thing ever!  So, I continue to go out of my way to come here instead of chancing it elsewhere.  I'll let my nails grow out and chip and look unbecoming just so I can find time to make it into this nail place!  Give them a shot, you'll love them, too.
5	This place is great ! Affordable to maintain your nails , clean , fast and most importantly nails come out amazing ! I went in originally wanting to add tips but she talked me into just getting gels (cheaper) since I have nice nails to begin with  ... My nails turned out amazing ! Better than when I've gone to super fancy expensive places !! I think my techs name was Mai ?? I won't go anywhere else from now on :)
5	I've been a customer here for years. I have tried other places but always come back. They always fit me in, even when I come without an appointment. I have used most of the techs and the service is consistent. The owner will make it right if there is a problem. She has taken care of me on the spot when I have walked in without an appointment numerous times when I've broken a nail, or smeared my polish before my pedicure was dry .I have brought others here too, and we have always left happy!
5	Let me start off with that I am a very picky person when it comes to services like nails and hair. I recently moved into a new place, and first thing on my to do list was to find a nail salon to go to. I always check out yelp when I'm in places I'm not familiar with the area. Fancy nails was 3 rd on the list, the first two had horrible review and Fancy nails have a 4  1/2 out of 5 starts, I checked all the comments and ratings they had 98% great reviews saying they have gone to them for years and how if they ever moved they would travel to them for their nail needs. To me being an extremely picky person that meant a lot to me, I thought I would give them a try what is the worst that could happen? Get a bad manicure wouldn't be the first. I didn't make an appointment and just walked in I was greeted like I was part of the "family" super friendly and attentive. I got Tony he sits up at the front where the reception desk is. He listened to what I wanted didn't care that I couldn't make up my mind on what color I wanted even helped me pick out what I had in a picture. He did an awesome manicure he actually CARES didn't rush the process at all. He did amazing with my gel manicure and than the next time I went there I went for a full set acrylics and that was done really well too!! None of them talk you into anything you don't really want and even if you think you want this done they will tell you what is best. I never experienced a nail salon that cared so much about their customers. Tony is  super good at remembering names and faces. Little did I know he is the son of the owner. His mom is hilarious and another super nice person. I already told my friend to switch places and her first time as we walked out she said, " I love this place, this is why you come here" and now she won't go anywhere else either. Sorry for the super long review I could go on forever about this place is just so great!! Keep up the good work Fancy Nails and Tony : )
2	Clean, well appointed nail salon.  However, after several years as a patron, it's no longer my favorite nail salon.  The gel nail polish never ever stayed on the professed  two weeks.  After going to an out-of-town nail salon, where the service was above par and my gel polish stayed on for almost three weeks, I finally realized that Fancy Nails was no longer my favorite nail salon.  There was something wrong with either their application method or the gel polish itself.  Another issue that I always had with Fancy Nails was the fact that the owner's son was always lounging or sleeping in one of the pedicure chairs.  Other employees were either smoking out in front or in back (with the door open so the smoke would drift inside).  Nope, it's no longer my favorite nail salon.  However, I do hope they step up their game and clean up the way they do business.
