4	A very convenient Wendy's but it's so well hidden by trees from the road that you might not notice it driving past. Its proximity to the Interstate is excellent and I think Wendy's is a better choice for burgers compared to the nearby Jack and Sonic outlets.As Jeff mentions, you do have to check your order carefully. I've only had one problem with this Wendy's (they forgot the fries) but I caught it before I drove away and they fixed it.Excellent burger with the toppings you want. Made to order. Good fries.
3	It's a typical Wendy's. It's hidden in the corner so be sure to look to your right as soon as you get off the highway.I stopped in for a quick lunch. I ordered the new Smokey Honey Mustard flat bread with fries and a strawberry lemonade.It was full on lunch rush, so the drive thru was packed. To avoid the wait, I opted to go inside. The place was clean; but unfortunately for me it was still packed with people! But the good news is that they were very well staffed to accommodate the hungry lunch crowd. After I ordered my food, it was ready pretty quickly. I actually really enjoyed the entire meal! It's a multi-grain flat bread so it adds really good flavors. I've had a lot of flat bread from other places but this one is by far one of my favorites. The chicken and spring mix combined with the honey mustard had a really had a great taste. The honey mustard wasn't too sweet which I was really pleased with, and just like the name said it added a great smokey flavor.There was just the right amount of everything on this sandwich and the best part was that the french fries were hot. And I'm really starting to become a fan of their strawberry lemonades. It's the regular lemonade but with really a delicious strawberry syrup mix. No need to say anything more than it's delicious! Overall, it was a solid visit and meal. I enjoyed everything and I'm sure to be back.
1	I received old, cold and bad tasting fries. The bun was as hard as a rock. This was not my only bad experience at this location, but it will be my last. What a waste of my money. I did not get a response to my complaint. They would have only replaced my meal and it probably would have been just as bad. So many better options out there. Avoid this location at all costs. Would have given 0 stars if possible.
1	Slowest Wendy's ever!! Drive through took almost 25 minutes and there were only three cars in front if me! My suggestion would be to skip this place after dark. I hope their service during the day is better then at night!
