4	Taking the limo is really the only way to go in Vegas, the mere smell of a taxi there can be enough to ruin your trip.  Plus, you are already to hurl on your last day in Vegas thanks to extra-curricular activities, do you really want to be in a vomit comet?  Presidential has you covered with their $116 round trip, which is slightly more than your cab ride but worth every penny as they will show up at your baggage carousel and help you take your luggage to their car, that means no 30 minute cab line in 110 degree weather.  These guys seem to have a few issues when getting the billing together, but they work it out and always in your favor.  Highly recommended.
3	Everything so far is A-OK.   Called in the reservation because we run a cash only operation.  I'll let y'all know how it went.  90 dollar special round trip from airport to hotel, working on price to drive to Hoover Dam too, we'll see.Drivers were courteous and prompt, I paid cash.
4	I'm pretty sure this place isn't up to President Obama's standards, but it was up to mine!I wanted to surprise my gf and friends with a limo ride since most of us were on the same flight coming into Vegas. I called and they were very helpful with all my questions and requests. I wanted to take a detour to the Las Vegas sign for a photo-op before going to the hotel and wanted roses for the ladies and champagne. They also asked which flight I was on so they can meet us at baggage claim on time.Right when our plane touched down, Roger called me and told me he'd be waiting at baggage claim holding a sign with my name on it. However, he failed to inform me he'd be wearing a black tux! Classy right? Anyway, you couldn't have asked for a better driver; very funny and helpful with the luggage and picture taking. One hour on their stretch limo for 6 people is $60 without driver gratuity. The limo was kinna old though; stuff was starting to fall apart, but there were lots of cold water bottles inside. The aircon didn't work so the windows had to be rolled down. It also had the faint smell of smoke mixed with someone that had been sex'ing it up in there.
2	SUPER disappointed!!! I've been to Vegas many many times but I've never taken a limo from the airport to my hotel. So since my last trip was a girl's trip we thought it would be really fun to finally get a limo that provides champange and cheesy roses for the ladies. Well, there was no one to greet us at the luggage area there was no one outside to greet us. Finally an airport employee I believe helped us in finding our limo. Come to find out they didn't have a limo for us and sent another driver who just dropped off a group to pick us up. So the limo only had two bottles of water, two champagne glasses and no roses for 4 ladies. Just wonderful. I will say though that our driver Roman, I believe, was awesome. He was funny, friendly and when we stopped at the Vegas sign he took all our cameras and became our own personal photographer. He was also cool enough to drive us down the strip a ways before taking us to our hotel. If it wasn't for our driver being so cool I probably would've been more pissed that I already was that we got left behind.Nothing much to say about our return trip, the limo was waiting in front of our hotel for us, the driver was friendly and he got us to the airport quick.
3	Disappointed sadly. I rocked out Vegas with Hilja C and was so excited to have a limo pick us up at the airport. Too bad no one was there when we arrived and no roses for the ladies...but the driver made up for it as best as he could and took us up and down the strip and was our personal photographer at the Las Vegas sign. The driver taking us back to the airport when we left was excellent. Very friendly and on time. I would try Presidential Limousine again since I am sure it was a fluke that our reservation was misplaced. p.s. I guess when you get the limo for an hour, the hour starts the moment you land...didnt know that...so something to keep in mind.
2	Lame and lamer. This place should not be called presidential limo. They screwed up our reservation, and were over 30 minutes late. They had to call in reinforcements. They were supposed to have 4 champagne flutes and roses for each of us 4 ladies. That's why we went with them over something simpler and less expensive. Well, after getting our baggage and standing around for 20 plus minutes, our "driver" shows up. No roses, and only 2 champagne flutes. They say the first driver got lost. Well, how do you not know where the airport is? For real, this is Vegas. They get two starts because the substitute driver we had was so nice. He drove us up and down the strip, gave us extra time and took about 20 pictures of us, of his own accord, in front of the Vegas sign. Still, I wouldn't go with them again.
4	Our group of 8 had a very positive experience with this company. Our limo driver was early picking us up from the airport and was extremely friendly, there was decent, chilled champagne waiting for us, and they were again right on time to pick us up from the hotel at the end of our trip. Also, since we rented an Escalade SUV package for 8 people, it was very spacious and comfortable while still being a reasonable priced way to get to and from the airport. I would recommend it if you can get a good deal from their website.
4	I have used this service five or six times and they have always been great. The airport specials are awesome and my wife always likes the sparkling wine in the limo on the way to the hotel. Some of their drivers are better than others; I've had some take the long way to the hotel (this is really nice if you fly in after dark) and I have had a driver take me directly to my hotel (I was a little disappointing because I was staying at MGM).  I have also used them for gating around Vegas. They were right on time and the driver was great about recommendations and making sure we were happy. This is the only company I will use to get around Vegas.  In fact I have a trip booked with them in a couple of weeks.
4	We've used Presidential Limo several times over the last few years and have always had a positive experience. Our drivers haven't minded stopping at a liquor store on the way to our hotel and have been very accommodating. They've always been on time, are friendly and have a smile on their face. This past weekend with friends, we didn't have time to make a liquor stop AND get our picture taken at the 'Welcome to Las Vegas' sign, so our driver offered to pick us up early on our return trip so we could stop at the sign. So nice!For the price, they can't be beat! Not sure if they're the most economical, but  it doesn't matter since we get such a high level of customer service - and that means a lot to me. Cars are always clean and are stocked with cold water and champagne. I definitely recommend Presidential Limo for your next soiree in Vegas!
5	So we decided to go all out on our first night in Vegas and chose Presidential Limousine service to do it. We were promptly picked up at our hotel (MGM) and entered a spacious and clean limo. Our driver was extremely accommodating and showed us where the complimentary bubbly was at. This service is the best deal in Vegas, an hour limo ride and a bottle of champagne for just under $60!!! He was even kind enough to drive to Freemont street, since we had a little time to burn. At the end of the limo ride our driver, handed me a rose so I felt like a star for the night. I would definitely choose Presidential Limousine to show me a great night in Sin City.
4	we actually had 2 great experiences. who knew that in vegas...a city where you can get anything...there are no airport shuttles that accomodate residential areas...only hotels...as a result here are our stories..Sent a limo to the airport to pick up someone- they upgraded us without charge and treated our guest with white gloves as it was her birthday.Second time we called the night before to get a ride to  the airport- driver fit 5 adults, 1 baby, a stroller and 6 suitcases- he still managed a smile and roses for the ladies.
1	Up until this point I would only use Presidential limo but not anymore.  I booked them about a month in advance for pickup and dropp off in and escalade as well as limo service for one of the nights I was in town.  I called a couple days before to confirm the rate and the guy confirmed the rate I was quoted which was $53 for pickup and $48 for drop off.  A day before my trip I notice that something has drafted my credit card already so I call my credit card to find out that it was Presidential limo.  This was no problem with me at all but I was just confused because they had never done this before.  So I call to ask and they just tell me that was to confirm the reservation, I say no problem and the girl tells me the rate at which I am reserved for which is now $57 for pickup and $50 for dropoff.  So I tell the girl that I was originally quoted the lower price and even confirmed this price with someone a couple days before.  She goes on to tell me that the monthly price is changed because of fuel cost, so I ask when the last change was and she tells me it was in August.  I tell her thats funny because I paid the same price I was quoted for this reservation when I came to Vegas in the end of October.  After this she responds with "uhhh ummm I don't know sir, all I know is that my shift just started at 4pm."  One of the most idiotic responses I ever got, I was nice and told her that I would forward her the email and she said she would have her manager look it over and give me a call.  So the next day I am waiting about an hour before my flight and still no call from the manager.  I call and talk to another girl and tell her the scenario, she says she is not sure why the rate is raised but will have the manager call me asap.  So this douchebag manager Jeff decides to call me while we our flying and leaves me a voicemail telling me that he is just going to go ahead and cancel our airport drop off and pick up.  He knew from our reservation when our flight time is and this a*****e called while we were flying.  When our flight landed I saw I had a voicemail and checked it to only become totally pissed off.  Jeff and Presidential limo do not know how to do business and when I called them back he was trying to give me attitude.  This guy seriously made the beginning of our trip so stressful and pissed me off so much with the voicemail and then having to talk to this incoherent moron.  I have never had any problems with the drivers at Presidential limo and I actually really enjoy them but because of the manager Jeff and his irresponsible business practices I will no longer use them and tell all my friends the same.  If you are quoted a price and have an email with that quoted price then you should pay that price, and if for some reason the price is a little higher someone should have a viable explanation as to why, not "uhhh ummm all I know is my shift started at 4pm!"
4	Decided it was time to skip the expensive taxi ride and go for the only slightly pricier limo ride from and to the airport.  Presidential was a great company to deal with - pleasant and easy on the phone, great drivers, well-kept and clean limos.  The driver on the way from the airport had the champagne good and cold, was courteous with our luggage, and even asked if there were any stops we wanted to make before we got to the hotel (he took us to a locals bar for a bottle of properly priced Macallan).  Driver on the way back had a couple of bottles of water waiting for us and was quiet, thank you very much!My only two gripes (and they are small) would be that the driver for pick-up at the airport needs to make himself a little more conspicuous - I nearly missed him, and for the company to maybe not have their name emblazoned on the long side window.  I know that second one is a weird thing to say anything about, but it seemed a little odd to me.I would recommend their services if you are looking for a better way to get to your hotel than the usual taxi and will most likely call them for a limo if I ever decide to fly into Vegas again.  They have town cars, too.
4	I was thrilled with the service from Presidential. My plane was originally scheduled to land as a friend's so that we could then share a limo to our hotel. My flight was delayed so I went ahead and ordered two limos for our separate arrivals. They were very accomodating to our last minute changes.The driver asked if I wanted to make any stops and we made a quick stop at In N Out with no problems. That was tasty. And having beer and champagne waiting in the car....that was nice.There is 4 vs. 5 stars because they were slightly late and I mean like a minute or two and they did not get the get name on the signs corrected which is partly my issue for having to change plans at the last minute. I'll definitely use this service again.
5	PERFECT SERVICE.  One time, extremely willing to help with special request.  Did I mention on time!!!!! Drivers Eric and Ted were both very happy to hear our stories, and trials in Vegas.  Just a great service and great people to engage with arrive to Vegas, and leaving!!!! Good value built into the price. Water champagne, roses for the ladies.  2 stops if needed.  Just a great joy, and way way better than the hotel shuttle, or the crazy cab driver!!!!
4	Lets start off with the rocky part.  I called and spoke with a customer service representative before reserving our limo just to clear up a few things.  My main question was, "Are you going to WITHDRAW the funds RIGHT NOW? Or are you going to wait until you drop us off at the airport before charging our card? The C.S.R. was clear by stating, "We will NOT charge you until we drop you off."  With this mis-information they debited my card that day and over-drew my account.  It really irritated me because, it wasn't that we didn't have the funds to pay for it, we just didn't have it in the bank THAT DAY.  I was gonna head down and make a deposit before our trip to ensure all funds were there.I called back and explained my situation.  I explained that their error ended up costing me 30 bucks, and was at least hoping for a refund of the over draft fee, or a limo upgrade, or even an extra bottle of bubbly!?!?! SOMETHING!!!!!   The CSR on the phone sounded as if it was no problem.  She put me on hold, and came back with, "My manager said it states on our site that once you your reservations are made, you will be charged, sorry!"  After a bit more arguing, they told me I can cancel at anytime up to 24 hours before the reservation.I seen mixed reviews on Google, (didn't know about this wonderful thing called yelp yet) but i rolled the dice and let it ride.When we got to McCarran to pick up our bags, A sharply dressed chauffeur had our name on a laminated sign, standing right in front of the carousel.  It was a surprise for my wife, she thought we had a shuttle bus picking us up.  And she was really confused about why a shuttle bus would pick us up with our names on a laminated sign.  When we got outside, there was black stretch limo awaiting us.  It came with a bottle of champagne and a red rose for my wife.  The car was super clean, and the driver was VERY VERY professional and extremely kind.  He took pictures of us, drove us to a local liquor store, he loaded all our luggage, opened doors for us, just straight up treated us like royalty.  If ANYTHING, that driver is what made the experience such a pleasant one for us.We'll be making reservations with them in 2 weeks when we head back down to Sin City.
5	Presidential limo pulled through once again!!Why the 5 star rating? Let's just say they did a GREAT JOB.  This time around there was no confusion as far as reservations went.  When I called in I requested our driver from last time.  To our surprise Guto, the driver from out last trip was waiting for us.  Again, he treated us like royalty and did everything to make our time more enjoyable.  He took us to 2 different liquor stores to get supplies which was very nice of him.On the way back to the airport we were waiting for Guto to show.  My wife pointed out a huge stretch Cadillac that pulled in saying, "Wow! Look at that! HEY, I think that's Guto driving!"  I insisted it wasn't being that limo was an extra 100 something dollars.  Sure as hell.....Guto hopped out waving his arms and we were both shocked!!  He upgraded our limo for free for the ride back.  I mean seriously, how often does that happen in Vegas?They have some solid customers from here on out. Thx you Pres Limo and especially to Guto!
5	Great service and driver...I went to vegas in Feb of 2010...missed my flight, but it was no probelm to reschedule the limo!Request Cody as your driver!!
5	Fantastic! On trip in we got a stop and pictures by the  Welcome to Fab Las Vegas sign! and nice little drive up and down the strip.I booked an online reservation and was so swamped before i left that it wasn't until i was up in the air on my flight that i realized I NEVER CALLED TO CONFIRM! Ah! My reservation could be lost in cyber space! Even worse when i landed my phone wouldn't turn on... thankfully... there he was! Ben our driver right there next to the luggage belt with my name on a sign. Chatty while we waited for our luggage, i ask him for some restaurant suggestions - he was sort of vague and didn't give me any super exciting suggestions... but at the same time it may be hard to know what to suggest to two complete strangers when you have thousands of restaurants to suggest!!!  Was hoping for a nice gem from a local though...Return trip same thing... got caught up in the vegas life and forgot to call to confirm! Was being picked up at 430am, early wake up call! Everything turned out fine though... I did accidently wait in the front entrance, did he tell me he'd pick me up on the side entrance? maybe, i probably just don't remember. But he called me and let me know promptly that he was on the side entrance.Would do business again! Did the $122 Round trip. Both of us ladies got roses and a bottle of champagne to share! complementary bottled waters too...
5	Presidential was awesome!  Reservations were super easy and the driver tracked our delayed flight, so he was right there waiting for us in baggage claim.  The cars were clean and nice.  The drivers were on time, friendly, courteous, and helpful (helpful = more than willing to swing by the liquor store on the way to the hotel from the airport).  And, hello...no waiting in those taxi lines forever!  Plus, a bottle of bubbly was included each trip.  Loved it!
5	Super classy, prompt and affordable service.Our driver was waiting for us at baggage claim, we booked an airport pickup to the Venetian for $88 for a stretch limo with 7 passengers!Our driver waited patiently as a few people in my party smoked their cigarettes in the parking lot, popped the bottle of bubbly right there and gave all of us ladies roses.He took us down the strip since a few of my friends had never been to vegas.Great service, prompt communication via email / website, easy payment.  I will use them time and time again.It isn't very Vegas to sweat your tush off in the taxi line now is it?  Nope.
4	Good service, friendly staff, affordable services. Overall, I'd definitely recommend this company to others. Only problem I had was to change the date on our pick up from the LAS airport and I asked for the confirmation to be emailed to me. It was emailed however, it still had the incorrect date so I called back and asked for the date change and a confirmation email stating the date change but this time, no email came so I had to call YET AGAIN to ask for the confirmation and this last attempt was correct.Just be sure to stay on top of that because we would had been screwed,waiting at the airport for our towncar...smh. But again overall, good company! Definitely go with them.
5	Free airline tickets-check.Discount code for hotel stay-check.Free drink coupons-check.Discount code for show tickets-check.Budget transportation from airport-Yeah, well my husband was in charge of that, and this is what happens.  But I will say, after the first-class Southwest flight where I had to drink my vodka with a splash of OJ in about 15 seconds, having a car was a nice treat.Our driver was not only there on time, he actually called as we were on our way to baggage claim to advise which carousel he and our luggage were at.  He was both personable and professional.  And I didn't even have time to register it was hot outside before a glass of champagne was in hand.  I enjoyed the little drunk girls getting into their car asking "how do we get champagne?"  Our driver responded, "ride with our company."  Since our hotel was close, I drank it fast, and stashed the rest of the bottle in my bag.  Classy I know.  Our return driver was on time as well, and both cars were nice and clean.For roughly $120 round trip, it was a nice little splurge.  Thanks husband for not always being a cheap-ass like your wife.
5	We booked through this company, and we were throughly impressed. We're going back in a few weeks, and I will be booking another limo through them. After dealing with the LONG taxi lines, and the rude drivers.. I will only book a limo to pick me up at the airport. Its not worth the stress, and bonus points for getting a bottle of bubbly to our hotel.
5	This is the cheapest limo service I've EVER seen! We booked an hour long ride for about $63 with taxes, and it included champagne, a rose and bottled water. Our driver Catherine was superb, she took us on a wonderful tour of the strip and downtown Las Vegas and gave us some history on everything we were passing. The music inside was great too! Definitely the best experience of our trip and I highly recommend that if you're in town to use this company!!! AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	They get a half star for each ride to and from the airport andhotel in a limo.  They don't get any more stars because the limo that came to pick us up:a) Was lateb) Didn't pick us up at the baggage claim like he was supposed to, instead had us find the garage level he was parked and walk to himc) Limo was circa 1981d) Limo was dirty (seats)e) No roses, no champagne, and when asked, the driver said, "You ordered no amenities according to the company"f) Even if we did have the champagne that we ordered (we DID order this and I have the receipt to prove it) the glasses were all dirty - even had straws and olives still in them.  Ew!g) Drive was totally uneventful and we didn't even drive down the strip at allA taxi would have been nicer, cheaper, faster, and WAY less embarrassing for all of us trying to impress our bachelorette!So we called and complained.  They apologized profusely and said that our original driver got into a fender bender (OK. we are sorry for that) and they sent someone else.  Well, then that person should still clean the car, find us in the baggage claim and maybe not say that we were wrong in that we didn't order roses and champagne.  I asked Presidential Limo if they'd do anything about it and they asked what day we were leaving.  I said 3 days later and they said that they'd 'DISCOUNT' another option for their limo service!  Spend another $150 or so with them?  No thank you!  I asked them to send the champagne and roses to the hotel. That was Thursday evening.  By Saturday evening they still hadn't sent anything and so we called again. Apologies, blah, blah, blah.  They said they'd get the roses and champagne to us by 6.  7pm rolls around, no roses.  Someone calls me to tell me to come outside to get the roses and champagne from the limo. I can either get it now or they'll come back around 10pm.  Um.... shouldn't they deliver it themselves, or at least have the hotel bring it up?  We literally got the roses as we were leaving to go out that evening, leaving us to drink champagne Sunday morning before our flights.  Sounds like if all goes well, it goes wonderfully.  If you get screwed, it'll be one the biggest rip-offs of your life.  Pickup back to airport on Sunday was uneventful.  Nicer limo and OK service.
1	I was very disappointed with the management of Presidential Limo. We were trying to surprise our friend for her bachelorette party by having a limo waiting for us when we arrived in Las Vegas. We got off our flight and headed down to baggage claim expecting to see someone w/a sign waiting for us. Nobody there. No big deal, we call the number. Mass confusion ensues, there is someone there but he doesn't seem to know his way around the airport? He can't tell us where he is but wants us to come to him. Seeing as how we don't know where we are, that doesn't work so well. Finally he comes up and meets us, then leads us down into a sketch parking garage...not exactly the grand start to our vacation that we had imagined, but we're pretty laid back, so no biggie. Then we get to the car. It's old, it's ugly, ugh. Now we're a little bummed. We hop in and then we see the mess. Food crumbs on the seats, floors need to be vacuumed, USED glasses everywhere! We were supposed to get champagne and roses, instead we get half empty cocktail glasses rimmed in lipstick, martini glasses with half eaten olives, crumpled napkins, and not even a bottle of water for the 4 of us. Not cool. At least make an attempt to hide the mess instead of leaving it out in the open. Nasty.The ride back was better, although still no champagne. The driver was early, very nice and personable, and a billion times better than the driver on our first leg. Too bad at that point we were so exhausted from our weekend that we didn't really care. The surprise had been blown and ruined by the poor service and gross car on the day of our arrival. All the drivers and people we spoke with on the phone were nice, but obviously there is some mis-management going on behind the scenes. This is the kind of treatment I would expect from one of the cheaper limo companies in Vegas, but we opted for a pricier company because they promised top-class service. I would never use them again and would warn others looking for a nice, classy ride to look elsewhere.
3	I'm bumping these guys up to three stars because they reached out to me after I posted my negative experience and seemed genuinely concerned about it. They did refund us for a portion of our trip as well which was appreciated since we would have opted for a cab had we known what we were getting into on arrival. All said and done, I would give them another chance cautiously since they do seem to care about customers and their reputation.
5	I called Presidential Limo in Vegas because they had the best price. Typically in life, things that are less expensive are less in quality but with Presidential Limo, that is simply not the case. I was so impressed by their prices and their service on the phone with the booking process was flawless and easy. I was lucky enough to have driver Ron and his beautiful stretch limo. He opened up the bottom of complimentary champagne for us when we got in and had roses ready for my girlfriend making our night even more romantic. It was so classy and impressive, definitely the only way to travel in style in vegas!
1	Upon our arrival at Las Vegas we had to make several calls (four) and were delayed thirty minutes locating our driver.  The dispatcher assured the driver was there and we went from one carousel to another as well as the cab stand  trying to find him.  Come to find out he had been walking around with someone else's name on the placard (nothing even close to our last name) and looking for a party of three rather than the two of us.  When we finally found the driver and he realized he had the wrong name, he was very apathetic about the mixup, blamed it on dispatch, and was generally uninterested in getting us to our hotel (he did not know which hotel we were going to...part of the reservation).  I was very disappointed with the entire airport pick up process and with Presidential Limo.  I told the dispatcher (Sean?) that Presidential needed to make it right.  He mentioned something about a 10% discount and that someone named Jeff (a general manager?) would call me the next day.  Its been a week and I've not yet received a call or any other communications from them attempting to make this right (or even an apology).
3	There was no champagne or roses as expected.  Also, they were 15 minutes late.  There are a lot of limo services in Las Vegas but unfortunately this one is a gamble.
5	I used Presidential for my wife's birthday, to carry her and the friends from the airport to the hotel and back. I had a couple of questions about one of the options, called the company in the evening and got an answer right away. After the reservation was booked (via the web site), I had to make a change and there was no problem doing so.The driver picked them up at the airport on time with no problems. For the return, the driver was at the hotel promptly and called them to make sure they had notice.Overall, the service went perfectly and we would use Presidential again.
4	Gave them another shot on my most recent trip to Las Vegas. MUCH better service this time. Rather than get a limo we went with the SUV and I'm was extremely pleased with the Escalades they provide. On our arrival I received a text from our driver letting me know that he was there and told me what number baggage claim we should be at. He grabbed all of our bags and directed us to the car. He asked if we wanted to drive up and down the strip but we've done that so many times before so all we really wanted to do was get to a store for snacks and liquor. He obliged,  loaded our grocery bags in the car, opened our doors, the works. He laughed at all our jokes and didn't get involved in our conversations too much. Now for the departure. Still great service but the driver was a little meh. I think he had a late night the night before. He was a little too involved in our conversation and the car kept weaving in and out of the lanes he was in. I thought I was the only one who noticed it but once we got to the airport my friend brought it up. Hah. Anyways, he did get us there safe, loaded and unloaded our bags, he was even at the hotel earlier than the pick up time which worked out for us and offered to drive us to the sign for pics since we had so much time which we turned down because we were all too exhausted. I'm glad I gave them another shot and have no problems with using them again. An SUV for a $100 roundtrip and I get to cruise around for a bit along with the option of stopping at the store? Sold.
4	Great Service. We used them three different times. Always on time or early....thats a big plus in my book! They also sang happy birthday to me and gave me a rose. It was a nice touch to our special evening. We are going to use them again for our pick up and drop off at the airport. The taxi lines were super long. Limo is the way to go!
4	Perfect service as normal. Just needed a a town car, but got a stretched limo. All good with that free upgrade. ALWAYS ON TIME!!!
4	From the get go, I knew Presidential Limousine would be a good choice. There reservation system is easy to use and their prices are published online. When they picked us up and dropped us back off at the airport they were on time and helped with our bags. However, in between those times is why I am dinging them stars. They drivers were great on most fronts, but  our first driver spoke about how he lived in the hood. When you are working for a chauffeuring service that is just something you don't talk about. Luckily, the ride from the airport to the Monte Carlo wasn't too long. Despite my negative experience with the one driver I will use presidential Limousine next time I am need of chauffeuring.
4	Presidential Limo picked us up on time at the airport and at the hotel to go home. The driver was very nice and exactly what we ordered was delivered. I would use this company again.
5	I'm not the kind of guy who goes for the limo ride right off the bat.  But we were only staying in Vegas for a weekend so we didn't really need to rent a car.  And after paying about $40 for a ride in a cab that both looked and smelled like a hobo had lived in it for the past month, a taxi was out of the question.Right from the start I was impressed by this operation.  They "idiot-proof" it as much as possible by sending you a confirmation email 24 hours prior to your pickup.  I called them because I had screwed up in one place on the online order form, and their phone staff person was extremely friendly and helpful.Each of our drivers (both to and from the hotel) was extremely courteous and friendly as well.  We got the Escalade and it was a very comfortable ride.  In both cases I got a phone call when the driver had arrived (they were early both times).  A first-rate experience all around.
5	Never taking a cab from McCurran again.I hate the loooong cab line at McCurran.  If you do too, give these guys a call.  They will track your flight so they will be on time even if it lands early or late.  Driver was at the baggage claim with a sign with my last name on it in hand.  We hopped in the limo, popped the bubbly and arrived at our hotel on the Strip literally 20 minutes after we got off the plane.
1	I've used them 16-20 times.   The last two times I was waiting for my driver.  (The last time on the pickup, this time on the return) If I wanted to wait for a driver, I'd stand in line for a taxi.   The driver then argues with me, well what time is your flight.    It doesn't matter what time my flight is, I am paying for a limousine at 8:45, I don't expect you to be phoning me at 8:50 telling me you are around the corner.  It's expected that any contracted premium driver be there 5 minutes before you need them.  You should never have to wait for your driver.I then called supervisor, no supervisor in duty.   I'm not some rich snob who expects because I have a limo, that they cater to me, but it's a Limousine Service.  (So, just book your service 15 minutes earlier than you need it)There are other options, and if drivers think that service is not so important, they shouldn't be in the business.   Also, when I called the dispatch number from my email, it went to "Beltran", so they must have farmed out my ride to another company.    If a company uses sub-contractors, then they are only as good as their sub-contractor, and usually that means that it will be "Hit or Miss".   So, I guess people should assume "Hit or Miss" service.I will now look at other options after about 4 years of using exclusively Presidential.I tipped $20 on my pickup, surprising I received late service on the return.  Ridiculous.
5	Great service! I got an e-mail confirmation as soon as I booked the service, another 24 hours prior to pick-up and even one for driver dispatch which included the name of our driver and his number.  Our driver was there waiting for us at baggage claim with our name on a sign, made small talk and took our luggage to the limo for us.  There was champagne waiting along with a rose.  Going back to the airport however the driver was 15 minutes late.  I made the pick-up time earlier just in case these sort of things happen.  Also, he picked us up where guests are suppose to drop off their cars for valet...if any of you stayed at the venetian and had their cars valeted, you know how crazy it is to cross that area with taxis driving recklessly along with the thru driving lanes. Pick-up was suppose to be at curbside closest to entrance of the Venetian. He apologized repeatedly for his tardiness and since my husband and I are not irate customers unless they give us extremely bad customer service we were very forgiving.The only thing I really disliked is that they never once did take us down the strip regardless if it was to our hotel or back to the airport. It would have been nice to get some pictures and to see the rest of the strip since we mostly stayed around the Venetian area.We are returning to Las Vegas in a few months and we will be definitely using their services again.  Maybe this time we can request to drive down the strip.
5	I picked this company based only on its good Yelp reviews and lowest price.  The service on the phone was very nice, personable, and efficient even with the company on the bigger side (I got multiple people when calling at different times).  Quick and informative e-mail confirmation.  Our driver George was waiting with a sign at the bottom of the escalator to the baggage claim.  George was very knowledgeable about the area, the airport (and even airport policies) personable and helpful but also left myself and my large group (eight people) to enjoy the limo.  The super stretch limo (fits 10) had a tv and dvd player, a fully stocked bar, leather, lights inside, etc.  Everyone in our group including wife and family were very impressed with the limo and the service.  On our trip back from the airport we will be using Presidential again and we highly recommend this company as your first choice in limousine services in the Las Vegas area.
5	We used Presidential again this week to pick up my wife at the airport. I had a glitch trying to use the "web special" order form on the website, because it was less than 24 hours before pickup. I called and was told how to get around that. Five minutes later I had an order confirmation. When my wife arrived the next morning, the driver was waiting for her and was very pleasant. We are 2 for 2 with Presidential, it's definitely our go-to company for car service in Vegas.
5	I used PL three times (Tour of the Strip, wine tour to Parump, and going out to a show at the Mirage) and every time the limo has showed up early, provided champagne and water and have been incredibly clean. Their staff is also top notch - always friendly and helpful!
5	What can you say!  You go off to Vegas and get engaged, you're going to need a limo.  Actually, when we made plans to use Presidential Limousine, I didn't know about the first part. :)We decided not to rent a car since we were just spending the weekend and had no plans to leave the strip this time.We received a Cadillac Escalade both times and it was very clean and nice to ride in.Both trips to and from the airport were timely and there was even time to stop at the In and Out burger both times.  So, we had a snack when we got to the hotel and when we got to the airport.  Sometimes, that's the most important thing.I would definitely use this company again.  They check in with you 24 hours in advance, they email you with information and they call you on your cell when they are nearing your vicinity.  And most important, they didn't break the bank.What more could you ask for.
5	Booked pickup/return special online for $120 (includes champagne and a rose(S) for the ladies - had a Driver waiting at the airport by the luggage carousel - Our driver stopped at the Welcome to Las Vegas sign and walked us right up to the front  - even though there was a line - and took 2 pics for us - then we stopped off at the liquor store.  The driver was very friendly and gave us some tips on how to avoid lines at clubs etc - I recommend this to anyone going to Vegas if you want to Party like a rock star!!
4	I did a lot of research in to limo options for the trip from McCarran to The Mirage on my last Vegas trip. Seems that, like Vegas in general, there are a lot of scumbags out there willing to take you for a ride. Between online reviews and a coworkers recommendation, I decided on Presidential Limo.This was a great choice. Our flight was a bit late, but our drive was there waiting for us, with the sign and a luggage cart, and our one-hour didn't start until we actually got there. He helped with the luggage, took us to the car, popped the champagne, loaded the bags, and took us on our way (via a liquor store). The price was very fair, the service was fantastic. Highly recommended.
5	The best!!We had a thee hour flight delay - no problem! They called from the baggage claim area within 5 minutes of us landing letting my group know there were there. We were greeted by a man in a tux who helped with our bags and walked us out to the air-conditioned limo. We lucked out and got an automatic upgrade since our flight time was messed up so we got the big mac daddy of limos! It was so fun and they had chilled champagne ready to go for us. Once we left the airport we turned on the beats, the flashing lights and drove down the strip. Even thought the airport is close to the hotels it took about 30 mins to get there, which we were happy about. It gave us time to enjoy the ride. This was honestly the best way to start out the trip and it was very affordable - especially if you split it between the group. They also have deals online that you should look out for and jump on. We took the limo roundtrip and both ways the drivers couldn't have been nicer. Thank you Christopher and David!! You made us feel like queens!
5	I made a reservation with Presidential Limousine for a surprise pick up of my family when they arrived in Las Vegas. Carey Hightower, our driver, was phenomenal. He was extremely friendly and showed us all the major landmarks between the airport and our hotel.  He stopped at the "Welcome to Las Vegas" sign, so we could take pictures there and even pointed out the best spot to stand on to get the best picture.The limo itself was very clean and stacked with drinks and champagne. We enjoyed every minute of our ride and I would book with them in a heartbeat again.
5	I hired Presidential to drive my wife and I around before and after a wedding vow renewal ceremony.  The service was absolutely outstanding.  You will not find a more professional limo service.
5	Thank you Paul, Clint, and Bell/Presidential transportation for a wonderful weekend...we had all instant access at the Palms nightclubs and Ceasars Pure night club...your services made our 30th birthday celebration amazing!!!! I also enjoyed the VIP amenities we received for our airport transport and hour long tour.
5	These guys get five stars for professionalism and cost.Even if I go to Vegas by myself or with a few friends, I make reservations with Presidential. Just a little bit more than a taxi, you can ride to your hotel in class and air conditioned comfort.Their website is efficient, and you can make reservation very easily. They will meet you at the airport with a sign. Take your bags and get you in the limo with minimal fuss. There is a rose for your lady and a body of champagne ready and waiting for you. The limos are very clean and stylish. They have Towncars, stretch limos, stretch Escalades, Hummers, vans etc. I use them for the airport specials they have (about $100 RT). Look at the other reviews, if you need a limo in Vegas its dumb not to use these guys. Even if you don't, treat yourself to some class while there.
5	I love Presidential limo!  They were very professional on the phone and we really liked our driver Tiffany.  Our flight was very delayed and they tracked our plane and our driver was there with our sign with our names on it when we got to the baggage claim level.  She took our suitcases and when we got to the limo we had a bottle of champagne chilled in the car and water.  I also got a rose.  We turned on the radio and sipped our champagne and enjoyed the view of the strip. They say that your one hour starts as soon as your plane lands and it actually took us about 40 minutes to get to baggage claim and find my luggage because my luggage got there hours before I did.  So I thought that we wouldn't be able to stop at the liqour store but she said it was no problem and she still took us the long way down the strip as requested when we booked because this was our first trip to Vegas.  Some people have said the champagne is cheap which may be true but it tasted fine to me and was still refreshing after a long flight and being delayed at the airport all day! Our driver was really cool, we had a great experience and will definitely use Presidential limo again!
2	Somewhat still a fan BUT our driver was horrible. He didn't introduce himself so I don't even know his name...He didn't want to take us to where I asked. (Lee's Discount Liquors and Safeway/Luckys or in Vegas Vons). He said one or the other. 1st off, He wasn't there when we landed and walked down to baggage claim. I had to call Pres. Limo to see where he was..he showed up 5 minutes late which isn't bad but his behavior later on made me want to note that in this review. 2nd off, I paid to be picked up at the airport which is a hour ride ($60 total) so we had plenty of time to make 2 stops (FYI, we've done it before). 3rd off they put a hold on my card for $75 in case we wanted additional services! (they refunded it back since w didn't use additional services). Therefore, if we went over a hour by much, they could had just kept the amt charged to my card. I had to kinda argue with him about where we wanted to go but he was clear that Vons was going to be our only stop. (Btw, I informed Pres. Limo of the stop we wanted to make at Lee's. My friend who flew with me forgot a razor and toothpaste so that's why she wanted to stop. We could had went to Walgreens or CVS,it didn't matter. HE wanted to take us to Von's) We ended up getting our alkie from Vons..we could had got more bang for our buck at Lee's but whatever. Not to mention,he barely wanted to help us with our bags when they came down the carousal!I called and told Pres Limo my experience. I informed them that I wasn't looking for a refund& still planned on using their services next time we come. I just wanted to let them know as I used their services for 3 yrs in a row and never had such a bad experience. The customer rep didn't seem to care and said he'd inform the manager and he MIGHT call me. Well he never did and to be honest, just a "we're so sorry!" would had worked just fine from the manager.Car was clean however and the booking is very easy. They stay in contact with you via email when your trip is coming up which is good. I'll use them again..but maybe I won't. We'll see.
5	First time I have ever used a limo service.  Round trip between airport and hotel on strip.  Split cost with 2 other couples.  WELL WORTH IT.  One of the few things on our recent trip that not only worked as plan but better than expected!!!!!!  Driver was Sondra.  Will definitely do this again on our next visit.
5	i had a lil problem with them accidentally overcharging my credit card (charged it 3 times on accident) so i was waiting for them to clear that issue before i write my review because i really wanted to give them 5 stars!!i was going to vegas to celebrate my bday along with a few of my cousins bdays so i wanted to plan a night where we could do a limo/nightclub deal and i found this place on yelp. SOOOOO glad i tried it out because i swear it was such a great deal and the service we had was exceptional! on their website the packages they had for nightclub limo services were only for 8 people max and this was a problem for me because i had 12 in my group, but they worked with me through email and phone calls (Menge was great at working this out for me!) and they were able to set up a package for my group of 12. our package consisted of a roundtrip limo ride and entrance to Pure nightclub with no cover and no waiting in line for $320. that is a DEAL!!!!! divide that by 12 (+tip) and we each paid about $30-35 each. You can't even find a deal that great in the bay area. So our limo picked us up at our hotel, when we got in they had roses for all the ladies and they had 2 bottles of champagne for us. Our driver took us to the Las Vegas sign to take some pictures and then proceeded to drop us off at Caesar's Palace (where Pure was). We were supposed to be picked up at 3am but we were kinda over the club earlier so I called the limo service and they said they would come pick us up now. We had to wait a bit, but thats ok, they came and had another 2 bottles of champagne ready for us! We were craving for some fatburger and our driver had no problem passing by there on our way back to the hotel. I can't remember both of the drivers names that we had but both were SOO nice!I would absolutely recommend this service to anyone going to vegas. My whole group had such a great time and everyone I spoke to/got in contact with at presidential limo was always very nice and helpful. Like I said, there was some issues with overcharging my card but they worked it out.  CANNOT WAIT to use this service again!!! LOVED IT!
5	My boyfriend and I always use Presidential when we roll into Vegas.  They never charge us extra and we always get the complimentary FREE champagne and rose.  They never complain when we ask to go the store to stock up on supplies before we hit the hotel.They are ALWAYS on time and ALWAYS provide excellent service.
5	I use Presidential every time i go to Las Vegas & I have yet to have anything but great experiences.  Their drivers are on time, friendly & the vehicles are all clean and well maintained.  The pick-up email reminder is great, especially in Vegas when you can forget a whole lot more than what time your driver is coming the next morning :)I always book the round trip SUV service & have the driver stop at a liquor store on the way to the hotel so i can buy a few bottles of champagne & beer.  I have never had a driver complain about stopping, they are always great.  Sometimes on the way back to the airport we get them to go through the Inn&Out Burger drive-thru since we don't have Inn&Out in Canada & love it so much.  Once again, no issues from the driver, especially if we buy him lunch :pAll in all, a great company that I would recommend to anyone looking for a reliable transport service in Vegas!
5	My wife and I used Presidential Limousine for the first time for our Vegas trip. We usually just use the shuttle services from the airport when we visit Vegas, but wanted to try something different this time. I cannot say enough good things about Presidential and our experience. We rented a town car for a round trip package. We when arrived at the airport, our driver, Samuel, sent us a text message, letting us know he was there and where he would be. He took our luggage and escorted us to our town car. My wife was given a red rose and we were off for a quick stop at the Las Vegas Sign for some pictures. Samuel was awesome. He was professional, friendly and provided good conversation. He offered to take pictures of us at the Sign and knew the best places for good photo opportunities. Then we were off to the Mirage. On our return trip to the airport, Samuel picked us up in a stretch limo, which was a great bonus. Again, another rose for my wife and off to the airport. The vehicles were clean, nice and the service was professional, timely and overall, just great.
5	I picked Presidential Limo based on Yelp reviews and we were definitely pleased! Marc, our driver called prior to arriving and had champagne waiting for us.  He even had a 2nd bottle ready for us when we were.  Even though I had purchased the Ultimate Strip Tour he was willing to take us any and everywhere we wanted to go!  We even made our way by the Gold and Silver Pawn Shop.  The Fremont Experience was pure chaos, but made for some fabulous people watching. If you're in need of great limo service, set up with Presidential and enjoy the ride!
4	I found this service off of yelp. And I'm soOoo glad I used it. I booked them for 3 services this weekend for my friends big bachelorette weekend. They were on-time, courteous, and really chill. Super easy to book online. Best limo service EveRrrr.
5	We used the roundtrip limo service from Presidential on our trip to Vegas this weekend for 8 students and I have to say it was fantastic -- the only way to arrive and depart Vegas with that many people, truly.Adele was our driver both times and she was great! Truly made us feel special, and was hilarious. The ladies loved getting roses when she arrived, and we enjoyed the bottle of champagne to drink on our way in. She also took us to the liquor store on our way to Vdara where we were staying, and was a wealth of information on what to see and where to go.Thanks again for making the trip special! We'll be back, and will definitely use Presidential Limo again!
5	I used Presidential for a cab ride on a Friday night to pick three of us up at the Golden Nugget, pick up two people arriving at the airport, and then go back to the Golden Nugget via the Strip.  They were great to work with from the very beginning.I had sent out emails to three different limo companies and they were one of two that responded immediately.  When I called to reserve they answered all my questions and I did bump up to a super stretch limo based on their answers.  When it came time for the limo, they sent me a reminder email and our driver, John, called my phone as well.  They kept track of the flight information and John called me to let me know the flight was a little early.  He wound up getting stuck in some traffic so he called me to update his ETA as well.  We still were able to get to the airport in time to catch my friends as they came down to pick up their luggage.One of the main things that made me go with Presidential instead of the other company that responded was that they included champagne and roses in with the cost and it was only about $15 more than the other company.  I'm glad I went with Presidential since we had an excellent trip and an attentive driver.
5	Excellent service! They deserve 5 plus stars for exemplary service in every way. Thoughtful, caring, timely, well organized. They went above and beyond to make my wife's birthday extra special for her. Presidential Limo will be our "go to" limo service in Las Vegas.
4	Experience was good! Did the Vegas Tour experience which was a cool way to cruise around Vegas in a limo for a couple hours. The driver was courteous and accommodating. Limo came with champagne and they let us bring our own beer. If you did this tour I would suggest maybe skipping the Sirens of TI. That should is REALLY bad. Turned in to some sexy pirate dance off by actors who have been rejected by all the other Vegas shows. All the other stops were cool
5	Scenic Las Vegas Weddings actually recommended them.  I dealt with Dave Thomas, and he was really helpful.  I needed a party bus to take all of our guests to the Welcome sign for my wedding, and then to the Palazzo for the reception.  I wanted the limo to drive them down the strip because this was the first time in Vegas for many of our guests. I also wanted to prepay for the limo, since I would never be in it (our wedding package included limo transport for us,) and didn't want to bother any of our guests with having to give them cash to tip.  All of this worked out.The limo was on time, had champagne chilled and waiting, and the driver was very professional.  It was also competitive with other limo companies.  I was told when I booked them that I would get a confirmation email the day before, and again, I don't know if it was because of it being a holiday, or just because it's Vegas;  I never got any confirmation.  So I made yet another call the morning of the wedding and everything was fine.  I don't know if it's just a Vegas thing, but it does seem like you have to initiate all contact, which I'm not used to doing with vendors around Chicago.  But still, everything turned out wonderfully.Recommended.
5	I had hired another limo company in the past for the same scenic tour and they were horrible in comparison. Presidential's limo was SUPER CLEAN and the inside was what you expect from a Vegas limo. They were on time, actually early, and our driver Luis was AMAZING. He kept us rolling in the champagne - not the best but after drinking a whole bottle alone - it really didn't matter. lol. The wife and I bought this trip as a present for some great friends and they were blown away by the level of service. He was patient with us and even told us the best places to stand to watch all of the shows. I am DEFINITELY using them again next time I am in Vegas. thanks for kicking off our EDC weekend in style...
5	It was my girlfriends 30th birthday last weekend so I suggested that she book limo service to and from the airport/hotel since we'd all be getting in late the night we flew in.  I was actually the first one at the airport since my flight was not delayed and I flew in from a different airport than them so it was a given that I would have to wait.  My friend finally calls me when she lands and I tell her that I don't see any chauffeur holding up her name so she suggests that I call.  I look one more time before calling and I find him.  I tell him that our party is still on the runway and they're just waiting to pull into the gate.  Samuel was our chauffeur.....soooo polite and really patient--I was totally impressed!  (Trust me, I've ran into some chauffeurs can be real rude).  We had to wait a while but Samuel was very personable and there wasn't an awkward moment in our conversation.  Knowing the shy person that I am, if I don't know you, you'd probably hear me say............"Well I'll be sitting over there so come get me when they are here" or you'll see me tapping my feet with my arms folded looking bored as hell  LOL.........but nope, not a dull moment, he was great!  Me and my girlfriends all wanted our pictures taken with each of our cameras when we got to the limo and he was real kind to take them even if there were like 6 camera haha.  Champagne was waiting in the limo but ehhhhhhhh it was just ok but that was okay because I had a personal size remy bottle of my own that I toasted to the occassion ;)  Overall, the level of service this company provides is pretty superb.  I'd definitely recommend this company and even our chauffeur to anyone who is looking for top notch service!
5	Hands down the best limo service in Vegas and the only one I use whenever I'm there. In fact I'd say it's the best limo service I've used in the country! Prompt, courteous, friendly drivers and super clean cars, you can't go wrong!
5	I contacted Presidential Limo for my brother's bachelor party, and dealt with Menge.  He and each of the drivers we worked with were prompt, communicative and professional, delivering every element exactly as promised.  And all at a very good rate.  Very happy with their service and would recommend to others looking for a fun, easy and reasonably priced service.
5	SOOO glad I found these guys on Yelp.  Reserved them to pick Steve, me and another couple up at the airport on the way to the Cosmpolitan.  Wanted to give the other couple a little treat and stop by a store on the way.Let me say that Glenn ROCKS! Was right there at the end of the escalator in baggage claim. Helped with our luggage. Friendly as ever. Made a stop for us and patiently waited while I crammed all of my snacks and beverages into my luggage.I'm keeping Presidential Limo on my speed dial and requesting Glenn everytime!
5	I called to have a car pick my boyfriend up from the airport as a surprise.  The lady I talked to was really nice and got it taken care of fast.  They also will keep track of your flight info, so if its delayed you won't have to call and update them.  The cars were clean, driver was on time and awesome.  Ask for Wesley he is hilarious and his baby is the Chrysler 300 stretch - its so pretty.I would use them again.
5	This was my second time using Presidential Limosine both times the drivers were nice and both willing to stop at the store to get some booze! A lot of other companies charge to take  a stop. The champagne and water are always cold and yummy. I will continue to use their services every time I go to Vegas!(my one complaint is that the deal advertises roses to the ladies and both times we never received roses....but it's not a big deal it would have sat in the hotel dying anyway!)
5	So wow for these guys.  Anyone who goes to LV knows that no matter what you tell cab guys they take you the long way.  These folks confirmed my arrival, then sent another EM to let me know my driver was at the airport.  And lucky me, my driver was Kakua waiting for me at baggage claim.  Completely charming.  And my car was immaculate and he got me to my hotel speedy quick!  Bonus points for my departure - stretch with Kakua again.  And was there waiting for me at the hotel.  Will never take a taxi in LV again.  These folks are pros.
4	I used presidential limo for the first time for a 30th bday surprise and things worked out great!  The company was really easy to reach when I had to call them to order service and to clarify pick-up times/location.  I like that they keep track of flight delays so you don't have to worry about constantly updating them.  Considering a cab ride is already ~$30 from the airport to the Wynn, I definitely wouldn't mind using them again next time.  A limo is only $74 + tip, and the free champagne is a nice plus!  (& a stop to a liquor store!)  I'd definitely use them again next time when coming w/ a large group...nothing like being picked up by a classy limo w/ alcohol to get you pumped up for Vegas!
5	Booked a One-way to my hotel for about $60 from the airport. I went down to baggage claim and saw my driver waiting... there were a few other drivers from other companies holding signs with names on them.. which was somewhat confusing, but i managed to spot my driver.after my luggage popped up after 10-15 minutes of waiting.. we headed to the black private SUV... an Escalade ESV. I told my driver I needed some hairspray, so we stopped at a nearby CVS... he dropped me off right in front... drove around the parking lot, and i'm not sure how he saw me coming out but he was already pulled up at the entrance for me. From there we went to taco bell... then to my hotel at the candlewood suites. The driver was professional and friendly... I definitely felt well treated and wish I could be chauffeured everywhere! If I could afford it. I would definitely choose them again. I ended up tipping $20.00 Thanks Presidential Limo for the SUV I wanted and the professionalism! One thing to note, they will add a 30% charge on top of your card and then return it.
5	zero complaints....magdolio was great....as was Zoltan....both were on time picking up and dropping off...would definitely recommend and use again....flawless communication through email etc as well
5	Got a RT airport service with them and we are extremely satisfiedThe website is very easy to follow and user friendly for reservation.   The pricing is very straight forward without any hidden fees (everything is included except gratuity).  After reservation was made,  all communications were done via emails clearly.On our arrival/departure dates, our drivers showed up on time and greeted us politely.  The rides were very smooth and the limo was beautifulHighly recommended if you need any limo services in Vegas!!
5	I make a point of keeping these guys on my cell for a reason.   I have found them to be a few dollars more but well worth every cent.  On the last trip I called with about 50 mins notice of my arrival at the airport.  They were there ready to go and as they did not have an available towncar provided a comp upgrade to a Escalade .I have tried a few car services in Vegas and will tell you this.   Presidential  has the best drivers...great customer service and the vehicles are immaculate.  I have never had any issues. I have never even seen a water spot on any of their vehicles exterior or a fingerprint on a flute glass.I hate airport and taxi lines and waiting...these guys are are ALWAYS on time.I always make a stop for some booze and smokes and yes the drivers have a way of getting you directly to the front of the line at the store..  A++If you need someone one the phone you actually get through, unlike a few other companies. They always have good deals on airport pickup and returnNo hidden fees, please tip your driver !!!!Highly Recommended
5	I just wanted to thank you for a job well done with a couple trips I booked for my client this past weekend but especially want to thank one of their drivers...Belem, did a Friday afternoon pickup for us but she went above and beyond the call of duty and exceeded my expectations by texting me statuses, calling my office to find out who our next driver would be and checking in to make sure all our needs were met for the final trip. Seriously,  Belem gave exceptional service to my client and to us here in the office so Great customer service!!!  I'll be sending these guys more jobs in the next few months.  Thanks again!!!  :)
4	I just booked a couple of reservations for travel with Presidential Limo for next week, and so far, I'm impressed!  Their pricing is amazing - $105 round trip for an airport run!  Most places charge at least $60-70 each way.  Their website booking feature was down, so the representative I spoke with agreed to honor the website pricing.  She was very helpful, friendly, and polite, and did a great job.  I'm looking forward to working with Presidential Limo again in the future!
5	I am a self-admitted snob when it comes to certain things, and hiring a limo service is one of them.  Presidential may be the best company I have dealt with in Vegas.  Their drivers are always early and exceedingly polite.  Their vehicles are spotless, and the champagne and roses for the ladies make using Presidential just perfect.  I love their service and can't wait to use them again.
4	I should've written this review a while back, though I never had the chance to, unfortunately.  I decided to go w/Presidential Limo Co., b/c of all the great reviews that were written on Yelp, and while I thoroughly enjoyed working w/this company from the get-go, I gave it 4 out of 5 stars due to one issue:After I used them from the airport to hotel service, the driver kept calling/texting me whether or not I needed their service, and while that gesture might be a nice way of offering service, I had clearly told them that I would be the one calling them IF i Needed the service, not the other way around, and it got a little too pushy in some ways.I made the booking over the phone, and they definitely did not rip me off--awesome!  I was given a quote of $60 I think, which I thought was fare.  The driver met my friends and I at the baggage carousel area in LAS, with a name placard, which I thought was very professional.  The driver loaded our bags into the car, had the car awaiting for us.  I had originally asked for the TownCar, however at no additional charge, they provided us with a Lincoln SUV-ette.  Very comfortable ride, and extremely luxurious.  Gave us a little tour of the strip during the day time, and took us to the Bellagio.  I tipped the driver well b/c of his professional mannerism--not super talkative, yet at the same time, the small talk usage--a prof way of providing service.If you had to ask me if I'll use them again, I definitely will for sure.  I find their service very reliable, and look forward to using them again.Overall rating: A-
2	I've been putting this review off for way too long, so let's just go ahead and bite the bullet. I hate giving places bad reviews and bringing down their average, but I used Presidential for my wedding and shit was NOT okay. Dad was paying for limos to take everyone from the wedding venue to dinner, and we booked several of them for 1 hour (it should take 15 minutes to get from one place to the other). I figured that by booking 1 hour, we (the girls) would have time to have our limo swing by the hotel to ditch the bouquets, guest book, and my giant train and veil. After the ceremony, the limos were supposed to arrive at the venue at 8:15. 8:25 came and went, and I had to get on the phone with the company. The company called dispatch and said the limos were almost there. Kfine, 10 minutes isn't bad. Weellll...8:40 came and went, and I was on the phone again. The operator told me that limos were already there and had been there for a while. What? Where? I was standing at the front of the venue doors, and there wasn't a limo in sight. "Well, the drivers said that they're right in front of the venue."At this point, I was confused. Very confused. And stressed. Because it was my wedding day. And there weren't any limos in sight! And guests were hungry. And I was hungry. And did y'all (the limo company) even have the right address? Then I heard one of my bridesmaids yell, "Hey Ann! The limos are in the BACK!"THE BACK. Great. Thanks for the communication (or lack of), guys. By that point, it was close to 9pm. We didn't have time to drop anything off, and we ended up paying for the full hour. 2 stars for the friendly drivers and the bottle of champagne in each limo. But seriously, 1/3 of a glass of bubbly for each passenger ain't gonna fix this one.
5	I decided to splurge and get the round trip Limo package from Presidential on our recent Las Vegas trip.  It was easy to set up online and our Driver Shaun was waiting for us at baggage claim.  He took our bags and quickly led us to our very cool Limo! He loaded our bags and my wheelchair, popped the cork on our Champagne and had us on our way!Our Driver on the ride back to the Airport was Michael. Michael, like Shaun, was prompt, friendly and professional. A quick call to my cell let us know he was early to pick us up, which was cool because we were already waiting. The only negative of the ride back was that we were leaving Las Vegas! I initially thought of this as a splurge, but it was so easy and convenient, I might just use Presidential on all my Vegas trips! Everyone deserves to be treated like a VIP once in awhile. Right?
2	I found these guys on the web and thought that, for our guys week out in Vegas, I'd get a limo to pick us up and drop us off. I used one of their web specials, made the reservation for a 7:15 PM pickup, and thought I was good. Two of us were coming from Chicago and our third was coming from Des Moines. Our flight landed at 6:15 PM and the third landed at 7:10. I decided to make the reservation for 7:15 PM for pickup, in time for our third to be there when the limo arrived. Upon landing I had a text from the company driver saying that he was there already at 6:15 PM! I explained to the driver that I had made a reservation for 7:15 and not 6:15. He told me that, despite the web form asking you for the pickup time, they instead go by the flight arrival time. This is mentioned absolutely nowhere on their site and and there is a field for pickup time so I'm thinking that there has to be some mistake. I get his boss' number and call her, a mean, rude woman named Monique, who explained to me what I just wrote above - they go by flight time and not the requested pickup time. Then she told me that I was responsible for the extra half-hour at $34. Not wanting to keep the driver in an odd position I dropped it and paid the extra money. Upon arriving at home I filed a credit card dispute for the amount and sent them the emailed proof with the pickup time highlighted. Our pickup from the hotel back to the airport with another driver was uneventful - she arrived on time and was very polite. I would steer clear of these guys and perhaps look at other Vegas limo companies. There are a bunch of other ones out there. I would definitely avoid Presidential Limo since they treat their customers like idiots when the company makes a mistake.
4	The boyfriend and I were in Vegas for the first time celebrating my 21st. He arranged for a super stretch lincoln limo to pick us up at the airport. Our driver, and another driver from Presidential were waiting in front of the baggage claim area. Our name was printed on paper, whereas the other couple was digital on an Ipad. I know I'm nit picking, but I was confused since we rented the bigger and more expensive limo, and they just got the town car. I would've have preferred their driver as well since he was younger (30s-40s), and more talkative and upbeat. Our driver, who was an older man (60s-70s), was not very talkative. He was very nice, just kind of quiet. We asked him to take some photos of us outside and inside the limo, but he was so old his hands were shaky and we only got one decent photo =/ The limo itself was very nice and new. Overall our first Vegas experience wasn't pretty good. Personally not a 5 star experience, but overall this seems like a 5 star company.
4	We got round trip service based on booking on their website.  Our driver Randy was first rate and such a delight!   Will book this service again because of the price, convenience and good experience.
5	First class service from beginning. Easy to book. Drivers were polite, knowledgeable, and friendly. I will definitely be using them again when I return to Vegas. Excellent. And if you can get Rick or Mike, you'll luck out. Great guys. Thanks again.
5	Abdoui is amazing. The best service use this for Vegas travel. No wait and they very professional.
5	This company fulfills all its promises. They are courteous, prompt and you feel great riding in their cars. The driver picked us up at the airport with my name prominently displayed on an iPad. It's silly, but it made me feel terrific. The car was spotless. The driver made just enough small talk, but did not intervene in our conversation. He also took the highway because he said there was a sporting event near the airport and it would take us too long to take that route. I love it when a person knows his business. He gathered our luggage from the trunk and bid us adieu. It was all so easy and totally worth the cost, which wasn't huge to begin with. Use them.
5	I will never take a cab from the airport ever again! Hubby and I decided to spend our 21st Anniversary in Vegas and I wanted to make it special and get the stretch limo. Our driver, Wesley, was SO AWESOME! He texted me as soon as we touched down (they track your incoming flight) with his location (baggage claim carousel number). When we got in the limo (which came with bottled water, champagne, and a single rose for me..lol), not only did he play Vegas tour guide (he brought us to the Welcome to Vegas sign and took our pictures, and he also drove us around the strip before bringing us to our hotel - it was a late Monday morning, so there wasn't much traffic), he also offered to bring us to the liquor shop to buy cheaper booze! Wesley is awesome! He was also our driver going back, and I really felt like we had a friend in him :). If you're thinking of chartering a limo for airport to hotel service, I strongly recommend Presidential Limousine, and if you're lucky, you'll get Wesley. Transaction was easy to setup, and price was very reasonable!
5	im review 100! yea! well i dont know why i didnt write this review a long time ago these guys are awesome their prices are the best by far trust me! i live right outside of summerlin and everywhere else wants some bs "out of bounds" charge.  Well you know vegas is great for making up horrible terms for things that dont make sense so they can over charge But then again people are so dumb they dont ask they just pay! (and its not because they just have the money look at the housing market lol)  I used them to take me to the airport for an early morn flight they were on time professional great i also used the on st pattys day again everyone had a great time i have used many limo companys in the past but this is my first go to because i dont have to get under the table rides to get a good price (not that i would ever do that!) and their drivers are awesome!
5	I will never take cabs in Vegas again. I used their airport service. Notice I left out the word "shuttle". It is no shuttle service. All shuttle services should be like this. After a snafu at the initial driver location, it was, totally, my fault. I was expecting to see the driver right after we got off the escalators. Of course, he was waiting by the luggage carrousel. To help us with our bags. Duh. But we only had carry ons. It didn't matter. Our driver, "Chris" is awesome. He's a good dude. I'm an OG. OGs know. He stopped off at the CVS for us. We talked sports. He taught me a couple things I'd always suspected, but he had actual knowledge. I *knew* it. He gave me his card with his personal number.  If you can swing it, it is the only way to get to The Strip hassle free and actually enjoy the ride. So impressed was I, I called him the next day to see if I could book him for the day. Note this professionalism he displayed: at 9 am, not only did he answer his phone, he was off and wasn't scheduled to work until 2:00 the next morning. I can pick up when someone takes pride in their job vs someone just on the job. Chris, explained that he'd like to help but there would be a scheduling issue. He then gave me the name of the supervisor to talk to. I'm thinking this would insure that I got a top notch driver. She supervisor he mentioned wasn't there, but I did get a supervisor and he explained my options and was very helpful. He set me up with a 6 passenger brand new Chrysler 300. My Driver, I hope I get his name right, Mafis. I call him My driver because throughout the entire 11 hours, he was courteous, accommodating, and always, always, professional. I felt like, if I had a personal daily driver, it would be him. He took us everywhere. Even to the Erotic Heritage Mueseum like boss. The champagne and water were appreciated. Check this out. We drank the whole bottle of champagne. We got dropped off at our hotel for an hour or so. When when Mafis picked us up to head back out, the whole bar, including more ice, was restocked. Sold. Presidential is now my limo company and is now part of my Vegas weekend budget. Don't cheat yourself, treat yourself. You will not be disappointed. Worth the very fat tip you should leave them.
3	Look here.I booked two trips - one to dinner off strip from the Aria and a return trip.First trip - Our driver Oscar was amazing. He called and texted me and waited patiently as the rest of the party arrived at the vehicle. All of the 9 ladies felt like celebrities, riding down the Las Vegas Strip in a beautiful limo. We sipped champagne and took photos. Oscar offered to stop by the Las Vegas sign and take photos for us. How sweet and convenient since we passed it on our way to the restaurant! He took us the scenic route and showed us the new developments in Spring Valley so we could gauge Vegas' expansion beyond the Strip. Unfortunately he was booked for the evening so he wouldn't be responsible for our return trip :(The Return trip. First the driver was the worst (I don't know his name because he never introduced himself). The waitstaff at the restaurant told me that he arrived. No call, no text, no contact at all. Then he gave me flack for having 9 ladies in an 8 passenger limo. Minus 1. First of all, your reservations person was aware that I had 9 and so was Oscar. Why are you now making a big deal of this? He even asked for Oscar's name like he was a narc or something. We get in the limo and this lame has no champagne! I'm sorry, champagne is a part of this experience. Minus 2. He then speeds and takes the highway. Why? Where is the experience? What's the point? We could have called a cab and saved $100. Oh yeah, when it's time for me to verify pay information, oh NOW he wants to give us a bottle of champagne. PLEASE. I tipped him only because you tip service people. Overall, Oscar made the experience right. God bless him. He gets 5 stars. And the narc... well what a waste of a luxury experience. He gets a 0.
5	My husband and I did the Ultra Vegas Tour for our anniversary. I booked online and then called to comfirm and make sure everything was correct. The gal I talked to was extremely nice and professional. The limo was about 5 mins early, we didn't have to wait at all for him. The driver Jim was very professional and helpful about getting to the shows on time and was really nice when my husband wanted to chat him up. We asked him if he dirves a lot of celebs around and he said yes, but he enjoys the everyday people like us because we are so much more interesting. Our next Vegas trip we definitely are going to use Presidential for the airport and anything else we need!
4	I booked presidential for my friends bachelorette party. Presidential had the best price and they were very professional. Email confirmation once booked and 24 hours before arrival. I wanted to put something cool on the sign the driver would carry to pick us up so I emailed presidential and they responded right away saying it wouldn't be a problem. There was champagne in the limo as well as water bottles. -1 star because they said there would be a rose and there wasn't and the car was so hot when we got in we could barely hold the champagne glass without burning our hands. But overall I would definitely book with them again.
5	Getting married in Las Vegas with a small party is somewhat like herding cats.  Our wedding was about a half hour outside of Las Vegas, and we decided to book transportation for us and our guests.  Jeff showed up promptly at the appointed time, and was a delight for the whole time.  The vehicle was clean and all we had expected it to be.  We arrived everywhere we needed to in plenty of time, Jeff was friendly, funny, and an all around great guy.  Should we want limo service in Las Vegas again, we will book through Presidential Limousine and request Jeff as our driver.
5	I reserved a RT service for my sisters bachelorette party to be picked up when we arrived and for the return. The pick up was great he had my name displayed and was very helpful with our luggage. I don't remember his name but I'm horrible at remembering names. Some how he managed to fit all 6 of us women's luggage into his trunk, and we don't travel light I might add. Also, he was helpful in getting my other sister, who was to arrive at a later time that day, a earlier service than reserved for her. Even though we were running a tad bit late and we just told him last minute that there would be 2 hotel stops instead of one, he didn't mind at all. Overall airport to hotel was great. OH did i mention the bottle of champagne we managed to finish at 9am? For the ride back was just as pleasant. I had reserved a stretch limo originally but they didn't have any available at the time of my pick up, so they showed up with a stretch Cadillac Escalade Limo! I wasn't even mad :) . The driver Ralph Z was very nice and attentive. I only remembered his name because he gave me his card. Any ways, he gave us great conversation the whole time and understood us (but us I mean me) being a bit ill that day, so we made the ride as smooth as possible. He even took pictures for us by the limo and told us we needed to pose and everything. I enjoyed the ride.Overall, I had a great experience to and from. Presidential Limousine is a great place to reserve your services at. I'm never taking a bad cab ride again! I will definitely being using PL again.  Hope I was helpful enough.
5	if i could give 10 stars, i would! the  o n l y  vegas limo that guaranteed a hummer. !!!!!!  everyone else was a maybe!!!  we booked from out of town. perfect service, easy booking, the most reasonable rates!  you will not find better, or cheaper!  the hummer was perfect and stocked with champagne and bottles of water!!   no xtra charge!!! our driver was greeeat! took photos for us, very accomodating! thank you david!!! stellar! just stellar!  make this your only call! promise you will not be disapointed!
5	This is my second time using Presidential Limousine and I've always had a great experience.  This time around I was a little nervous because my flight was delayed by two hours.  As soon as the plane landed, I looked through my emails and was able to get the driver's phone number (great feature!) in order to send a text stating that I had just landed.  The driver immediately informed me of the change in driver and I received a phone call immediately from the new driver.  The limo was clean, the champagne (much needed after such a terrible flight delay), and water were a nice touch.  Awesome! Awesome! Awesome!  I highly recommend and will always think to use this company in the future.
5	5 stars all over for these guys. Seriously, they are the best in the Limo industry. We used Presidential Limo three times during our wedding extravaganza. The first time was to picked us up at the airport. It was a surprise for Jesse and my family. Everybody were amazed with the limo, the complimentary bottle of champagne, and how cool our driver was. He even tied all the baggage compartment because we had too many bags. It looked so ghetto but we didn't care.  Our driver was so awesome, I seriously wanted us to be BFF. The second time we used them was for us to go to the Courthouse to pick up our license. We rented the Lincoln Towncar. Our second driver was so tall (feel bad that I forgot their names) and he's so funny. He told us stories of Las Vegas on the way there. When we got there, he walked us to the door of the courthouse. That way we didn't get bother by these people who stand around outside the courthouse to try to sell you chapel packages. After that, he dropped us off at Monte Carlo. It was a nice ride and worth the extra money.The third time was for after reception party tour bus. I rented the party bus to take us up and down the strip. We stopped by at The Las Vegas sign and we took tons of pictures there. The bus was fun. Complimentary champagne were flowing and they also have bottle water. The bus has a strip pole in it. Fun fun fun. The only downside was they only have radio stations instead of ipod plug in or anything like that. The party bus was definitely the highlight of the night.We recommend Presidential Limo to everybody we know and anyone who's visiting Las Vegas. It's a little bit more than cabs, but since cabs in Vegas long haul everybody like crazy mine as well pay extra for comfort, cleanliness, and fun ride.
4	I will never a cab or shuttle again! Dmitri was the best. We got off the plane and started to head to the baggage claim. There was a well dressed man holding up a sign with our name on it. He even took our bags off the carousel. We didn't have to do a thing. This might be normal, but I expected to just go outside or find him near a door.The champagne and the rose was a great touch. Definitely will be booking with these guys again for next year's Vegas trip. It was such a luxury experience.
5	Fantastic service! Not only did we have an amazing driver (Ray)-we also had an amazing time! He took us to the liquor store and to the Las Vegas sign and even popped open another bottle of champagne for us. 5 stars for sure!
5	I booked Presidential Limos for a five hour town car tour of the strip for my girlfriend and I. All went well but then I surprised her with a marriage proposal and we went thru a drive-thru wedding chapel. Our driver, Anthony, was almost as surprised as her but was the essence of a great driver and really, a HOST.BUT here is what is really great about Presidential Limo - we took Megabus into Vegas. Dropped off at a transit hub south of the airport, there were no cabs. What to do? I checked my email and called the PRESIDENTIAL LIMO number in my confirmation email for the limo reservation I had already made. I asked if I could get a town car - with my card already on file a Lincoln town car was there in five minutes.A few days later some friends and my bride and I are celebrating at the somewhat isolated Pinball Hall of Fame. We taxied it there but when we called a cab company to pick us up we learned that at 5-PM you are not going to get a cab to come out to the boondocks in Vegas when the big airport to hotel runs are going on. Again, I call the number in my email and get a limo for five people to pick us up with no reservation!!!And here is the best part - the cost of a town car for an hour is less than most cab rides over long Vegas distances. Add the great service and the willingness for dispatch to improvise on behalf of a customer and you have a great company.
5	Another long overdue review from me...Used Presidential Limo again for the second time in March '13.  They seem to understand the meaning of customer service, and understand what clients want, which sums up their awesome quality of service.I had made reservations prior to my arrival, and was quoted at $53 plus tax.  Total about $65.  Arrived into McCarren, but unfortunately, my flight was delayed ex LAX.  The driver had all of our flight info, and did not charge us for our flight delay; instead, was waiting patiently at the carousel area upon arrival.  The vehicle we reserved was the correct vehicle, and no hassle, skipped all the cabbie lines, and headed toward the Venetian, our destination point.Absolutely magnificent service from the start to end.Since I'll be heading back out to Vegas in August, I definitely plan to use them again.  You're all welcome to stand in that egregious cabbie line, but personally, I'd rather pay up a few bucks more, to get to my destination quicker.Overall grade:  A+
5	Ricardo Z is your man!Service with Ricardo and Presidential Limo was prompt, courteous, and professional. Ricardo was helpful, fun, and easy to interact with. We did the typical strip tour and he was helpful in directing us where to go to bypass lines and tourists. I had no idea how bad traffic on the strip was, we needed to add an hour to see everything which wasn't a problem. I didn't have time to research limo services before Vegas and just saw their ad in a magazine in our hotel. It was $85 an hour for a stretch limo.
1	There are much better limo services out in LV.  I wouldn't choose this one again EVER.  I don't really care if they get great reviews, it's bull.I got the stretch limo to surprise my fiance and her friends and take them from the airport to the hotel to start her bachelorette trip.  The limo came with NO AIR CONDITIONING in the middle of the summer.  The driver didn't even acknowledge it and wouldn't do anything about it.  I called the general manager Jeff.  The guy didn't offer to refund the amount in full, citing that his service has been great for 100,000 clients.  So what? If you can't take care of the one that counts this time, your service sucks.  He asked if I own a limo service? No, I don't and I don't need to own one to understand that 9 girls starting their vacation in Vegas shouldn't be sweating like crazy and desperate to get to the hotel in 20 min, when the service offered was for a 1 hour trip around the strip.  In the future, why don't you get the service right, or do something to accommodate.  BAD SERVICE!!! But that's why I have Amex...
1	When the BIGGEST part of the round-trip service is from the airport to the hotel in style, not the return trip to the airport to go home, a FULL refund or some other accommodation should have been made.  After bringing this up to Jeff, he refused them to refund ANYTHING at all, including the one way to the hotel.  Sorry, you're not selling me on your rationale, and you won't sell anyone else for that matter.  I've been in many a stretch limo in the middle of summer with no problems.  If the trip to the hotel is 20 min, shouldn't the driver leave the car running or ensure the car is cozy before the client enters? If you offer a 1 hour trip, don't make the first 20 min unbearable.  Who wants champagne and a rose, when they're sweating and it's hard to breath.  Although, I can see now how that is a strategy useful for increasing your business in the short term (get them in and out as quick as possible).  HOWEVER, in the long run you will suffer, like my girls did in your limo.  Good luck!
5	Another 5 Star experience from Presidential! It took us longer than expected to get to the baggage claim, so I was a little worried about meeting our driver, but Michael was patiently waiting for us right by our bags. Just like last time, Michael loaded my chair and our bags, uncorked our Champagne, wished Diane Happy Birthday, gave her a Rose and had us on our way to the Palms!Michael was also our driver on our return ride. We stepped outside a few minutes before our pick up time and Michael was already there waiting for us. As I said before, the only bad part of the whole trip was that we were leaving Las Vegas!I hope that Presidential starts a Frequent Rider Program, because I would be a charter member!!!
5	Five star service all the way! I arranged for the limo car service since we were celebrating very special occasions for my two nieces. Our driver Adrian was at baggage claim waiting for us.  He collected our bags and took us straight to the car where he took photos, posed for photos, and was so gracious.  Once we were settled into the car he gave each of the girls a rose and popped the champaign.  My nieces couldn't have been more thrilled at the special reception and introduction to Las Vegas.  On the return trip to the airport Robert was on time and got us and our bags into the airport with no problem.  Excellent service.  I won't hesitate to use Presidential on my next trip to Vegas.
5	We needed to book a limo for our wedding night and I decided to look no where else but YELP to find the best company to book with. While I was looking for a good price, service and reputation was more important to me in making sure our special day was perfect. After contacting a few limo places to get pricing and availability, I decided to book with Presidential Limousine.I made reservations over the phone for a super stretch limousine as we were going to have 6 people in the limo. I immediately received an email confirmation of services and was all set!The day of the wedding, I realized that we no longer needed a Limo for 6, but rather a limo for 4. I changed to a standard stretch limo over the phone with no problems.Brett, our driver, contacted me about 2 hrs prior to our pickup to make sure we were still on schedule. Much to our surprise, we were picked up in a super stretch limo. Apparently they didn't have any standard stretch limos available like they thought,  but they honored the standard stretch price. The ride was seamless with several stops along the way per our request. Brett made sure we were at all of our destinations on time and made the trip extremely easy and fun. He was very professional and such a pleasure to ride with. I would recommend anyone who is looking for an affordable, reliable limousine service in Las Vegas call Presidential Limousine and request Brett!!
5	I used Presidential limo for a round trip airport package for my fiance's 30th birthday trip to Vegas.  I ordered the package that included champagne and I thought it was a fantastic deal price-wise.  Also, we ended up getting stuck in Dallas overnight because of a missed layover, and the customer service reps were extremely helpful and accommodating when I called to reschedule our limo to the next morning.  The drivers were courteous, on-time, friendly and the overall experience was really great.  It added a really nice touch to our trip and I think I'll use Presidential every time I return to Vegas in the future!
5	We used Presidential Limousine for an airport pickup after our flight into Vegas. The chauffeur had sent me a text message, letting me know he was in the airport already waiting for us.  After we found him by the baggage claim, he helped us get our bags, and he wheeled them for us all the way out to the limo. After we got in, he presented me with a single rose for my 30th birthday. It was really nice! Our driver was Kevin. He was extremely friendly, and very very nice. We were very pleased with the driver and our service. Will use them again. Thanks!
4	I tried their sedan-limo airport web special w/c costs $106 before tip.  This package consists of the following:(1) being picked up by the driver at the airport by your luggage carousel then being driven to the strip or downtown hotels.  (Includes luggage handling.)(2) then a ride back to the airport from your hotel.  Except for my airport-pick-up driver Not opening my door, everything was fine.  As for the return ride to the airport, my driver, Norbert, was Perfect.I recommend their service and the web special.
5	Dimitri was an amazing! So helpful! Great driver! Love the complimentary champagne and long stem rose! I'm only using this limo service in Vegas! Great price too!
5	One of the best nights out I have ever had in Las Vegas. We did this for my boyfriend's 35th birthday and had such a great time that we're going to do it again for my birthday. The limo driver was 10 minutes early and was very flexible about whatever we wanted to do for the night.
5	It was up to me to secure a limo for a Halloween party for four of us. Procrastinating put me on the day of the party.  I called and was immediately helped by a professional representative from the limo company. After securing a roundtrip to the party I received email confirmations along with another email with the limo drivers cell numbers. Upon pick up Diane the first driver called and was early to assure she could find my home which is located in a very dark country club with many homes. She was friendly,early and arrived with Roses for the ladies and champagne.  Our pick up was scheduled with Luis who again was early and had no problem waiting while we said our goodbyes at the party. It was a great experience and both drivers were accommodating and friendly. I would recommend this company to everyone.
5	Meant to write this review years ago.  About two years ago is the first time I ordered the airport special limo for our girls' trip in Vegas.  I only had ordered it for 2 passengers but flights got delayed and my other friend came in the same time at another terminal.  No problem...they picked me up and the other two at a different terminal.  Going home, after checking out of the hotel, there was the limo waiting to take us to the airport.  Great service, nice drivers, I can never ride a cab again!The next time I visited Vegas I took a cab.  Wrong move!  I was kicking myself that I didn't order car service from Presidential.So of course the next visit I ordered a town car.  Once again it was a pleasant experience upon arrival.  Going back to the airport, my brother-in-law was going home around the same time as us.  So I asked if we could take him and drop him at the other terminal.  Once again, no problem!  So, so awesome!I'll be going to Vegas again in a few days and ordered a limo again.  I'm excited knowing that I don't have to worry, it will be a pleasant experience and I will get back to the airport on time.Thank you, Presidential!  I will always call you when I visit Vegas!  There's no other car service as far as I'm concerned!  People seriously...order the airport transfer online.  You won't regret it and you'll be hooked!  It's a must!!
5	A+++ service. Our driver Luis was very professional and courteous. No more Taxi's from Airport for us
5	Booked a limo for a friend's wedding and the experience could not have been any better.  Booked over the phone very quickly and received confirmation immediately.  All questions we had were asked over email and also handled very quickly.  On the day of, our driver, Adrian, was very kind and accommodating and communicative.  He talked through all of the things we wanted to do including any time constraints and made it ALL work.  Smooth sailing all the way!  I will definitely use Presidential for any future Vegas limo needs. Great experience!
5	Booked the online special for a surprise anniversary gift for my wife. Our flight arrived 30 mins early but our driver was already waiting for us at the baggage claim.  As we walked to the baggage claim, Wesley (our driver), was holding our name on a sign. He knew it was a surprise so he hide the rose behind his back and discreetly gave it to me to give to my wife. Wesley helped grab our luggage and took us to the limo. The limo was clean and the champagne was waiting on ice. Wesley was nice enough to take us to a bar before going to the hotel to let us grab drinks n snacks since it would be a lot more expensive on the strip. He was very friendly and courteous.Our ride back to the airport was great as well. We had Oscar as our driver going back to the airport. He texted me that he was outside our hotel waiting 10 mins early. He was polite and experienced.My overall experience with Presidential Limo was awesome. They even emailed me that they dispatched the driver. Would definitely us them again.
4	Reason #3 why the No1DP is an amazing boyfriend: He took care of my ride from McCarran Airport to the hotel and back... in a Cadillac Escalade. No1DP initially was going to use Uber or Lyft for chauffeuring services but as he was doing his research he found out that in order to avoid competition with taxis,   chauffeuring services are billed by the hour. This is why you won't see any Ubers or Lyfts cruising around the Strip.1) The ride from McCarran to the hotel was exceptional. Upon finding out the correct carousel to claim my luggage I found the driver waiting with an iPad displaying my name. Not only did he drive but also carried my luggage. When the No1DP requested this service for himself he used the full hour for the driver to drive him around the Strip and suggested this to me to use up the hour, but not wanting too much hassle I simply requested the driver to take me to my hotel. Very professional and courteous. 2) The ride back had some problems, but the source of the problem was the Las Vegas Marathon happening that Sunday. As a result the Strip was closed to non-pedestrian traffic and drivers had to be rerouted through back streets to get to the hotels. When I called the previous day to ask about any potential problems this may cause they told me that it wouldn't be a problem as going inside the parking garage wouldn't require going on the Strip. However they failed to note that the No1DP requested pickup for me for my flight at 6:10pm, not to request a pickup at 6:10pm, so I had to request to change the time to 4pm. The driver was a bit unsure how to approach the parking garage and after several failed attempts to explain how to get inside the garage I had to transfer my phone to the bellman so he could explain better how to get inside. Didn't help that my scheduled pickup was 4 yet he came 25-30 minutes later. While the driver took care of my bag he blamed his tardiness on the county for allowing the marathon to happen. I blame the company on poor planning, they should have known this way ahead of time and planned accordingly. Once outside the Strip area there wasn't much traffic getting to the airport. At least McCarran wasn't too busy when I got to the airport and I was able to board my flight on time. Aside from the driver's hiccup trying to find the entrance (that I can't really blame him too much for) I had a pleasant experience with this company and will recommend their services to people that need a good chauffeuring service.
5	We went to Vegas for the weekend and Wilson was the driver. He was super cool and helpful. He gave us tips as to where to go. He was on time and very professional. The Limo was clean and it was all very affordable.
5	We used Presidential Limo twice while in Vegas.  One for the round trip to/from the airport.  Another as an extra limo for our guests at our wedding.  The airport trip was great.  Even though our flight was 2+ hours late (weather), they tracked the flight and were ready at baggage claim when we got there.  Colleen was a great driver, friendly and very helpful.  We had her for the ride back too.  She remembered us and asked how everything went.  Very personable.The wedding night limo ride was great.  They were on time and got our guests where they needed to go.  Everyone was impressed.
1	We were booked with Presidential as a shuttle to the Exotics Racing experience at the LV Speedway.  We were never told the rate and they arbitrarily chose a pickup time 3 &1/2 hours later without informing us, leaving us stuck at the track waiting for more than an hour, even though they had limos available and leaving for the Strip with room in them before that.   Epic Fail, guys.
1	Horrible Horrible Experience! After reviewing the website multiple times to choose the right vehicle and after 2 back to back web-chats with link to reservations this company refuses to honor their online prices even after I verified the prices in the chats. But that is not the horrible experience, its the way their rep handled the call and the glaring proof that they did not want to recognize. Rebecca went so far as to imply that I could not read the website properly where the heading clearly states 8 passenger, then she hung up on me. I will gladly take my business to another company that understands the meaning of customer service. If they did not want to honor their stated and printed prices then that is what should have been done and stated clearly. Rebecca chose to complain about having to look online to verify then complain more to find web chats that I had emailed to me to verify the price and rudely handle what Rebecca saw as a problem because I took up 18 minutes of her time because she had me on hold then proceed to hang up on me.Reservation Reps are the first line and the face of the company. And this companies specifically Rebecca is rude and disrespectful.Use another Limo company. Thank goodness I found out before I left how they handle and treat their customers.
3	I booked a ride from the airport using their app.  Seemed like a good idea at the time.  Our flight was late in NY, so we missed our connection.  I immediately pulled out my phone and changed the pickup time on the app.  from a 6 pm pickup to an 11 pm pickup.  Presidential decided to then email me to confirm that they would be there at 6.  I emailed them and insisted "no, 11 pm, please"They sent a driver at 6:00 anyhow.  I guess just because they could.  So they then charged me for a no-show, despite an app time change and two emails changing the time.  They have competitors in Las Vegas, I live in Las Vegas, so I use limo services all the time. [UPDATED] - Although the customer service person from the night I posted this review took the position that I would have to pay a cancellation fee, it appears that the management has decided otherwise.  As a result, I am lifting my rating from 1 star to 3 stars, and I will give them a chance in the future to earn my business back.
4	Yes the best limousine service in Vegas and the absolute best mobile App which is actually better than the hard to beat Uber App.One thing remains; make sure ALL your bags follow you!  Assume that the driver, even these nice folks will forget to give you your bag(s) and then will NOT take responsibility or liability for it.Again, even saying that, these folks are the best and have the best mobile App.
1	Horrible service (Must read)Edward has to be one of the worst drivers and "business professional" in Vegas..We asked for a large limo for 10 people since normal limos only carry 8. They confirmed a stretch 300... Edward , here, shows up in a normal sedan limo. And proceeds to tell our friend in charge that he's wrong and that we ordered a small limo. From this point on he has an attitude.   We bribe him to let us get in and get on our way. We are leaving EDC and traffic is  ridiculous. Now at this point we notice the left lane he's in is at a dead stop and the right one isn't. We notice because all parking lot are exiting to the left lane.A female friend of ours asks him politely to switch lanes because there was no reason to be stuck Im that. His response:"just calm down, both lanes will eventually go"YOU ASS, that's something you tell a 5 year old who's impatient. Not a grown adult who's paying you at least a hundred over asking price. Later on down the road, still on traffic we put down the partition to ask him to exit for the next bathroom. He says yes, and then we put the partition back up. He puts it immediately back down and snaps "DONT put my partition up because I need to see"At this point we are ready to start throwing stuff at his head. And to top it all off he drives like crap. Super abrupt acceleration and stopping when traffic is going steady. And I know he's not paying attention properly because he's on his Bluetooth talkin to someone in Spanish. I speak Spanish an it was a personal call. We are still in the car as I write this, by the way.
5	Just used these guys for NYE in Vegas. Louie was awesome. It was extremely difficult getting around all the road closures but he got us everywhere we needes to be on time.
4	I was thrilled with Presidential Limo. Not only were they patient for my countless requests for estimates as my group changed size, they were also monitoring my flight and knew that we had landed a little late. The confirmed 24 hours in advance and when they arrived at the airport via email. When traveling for business its a relief to know that your ride will be there on time. Our driver helped with our bags, gave restaurant recommendations and had bottled water waiting on us. What a pleasure to land to after a long trip! Would work with again on my next trip to Vegas!
5	We used this company twice on our recent trip to Las Vegas to get married.  Our flight was delayed by the driver kept close attention to the flight status and was exactly where he was reported to be in our reservation.  On our way to the marriage bureau we asked for a Post Office in order to drop off our Elopement announcements - he knew exactly where to stop at one on the way to our final destination.On our wedding day we reserved an Escalade from our hotel, to the chapel and then a tour of Hoover Dam.  The driver was very helpful and friendly.Using this company made our weekend a success and we recommend them to anyone heading to Vegas.  The have a large fleet of various cars, limos and SUVs and the price is on target for the service.
5	Presidential has always given us amazing customer service, on time, very clean and nice vehicles and amazing drivers. We mostly use Scott, who I cannot say enough good things about. Just an all around great guy! When Scott has not been available, every other drive has been great! Now our regular trips to vegas do not begin without presidential picking us up! :)
5	I've been using Presidential Limousine for years and they are by far the best limo service in Vegas. Their drivers are polite, their fleet is really diverse which was a huge advantage during this trip. We were picked up at the airport in a nice 6 pass stretch, were taken to dinner in their 8 passenger stretch Escallade, were taken from dinner to the club in their 24 passenger party bus, all at a great rate. Every driver was on time and in great communication, and I even got an email when the driver had been dispatched so I didn't have to stress about some miscommunication.If I had one thought, it is that it would be nice if they gave (or offered) a slightly nicer champagne than the one that comes with their packages. Felt slightly comical to get such gorgeous transportation and then have to unscrew our champagne bottle rather than pop it. But honestly, such a small thing in otherwise flawless and friendly service. Thank you. Will definitely use Presidential for every trip I take to Vegas!
5	Over the top impeccable service. We only used them to and from the airport and they were great. Our flight was delayed both ways and they were so accommodating to our flight delays. Presidential Limousine was by far the best choice based on their good prices and fun drivers.
5	Hands down the BEST limo service! Our driver Alonso was perfect! ProfessionalOn timeGreat valueClean limoEfficientEasy bookingDON'T waste your time and money with any other serviceI am a customer for life
5	Professional, timely and courteous! I surprised my little sister with a stretch limo pick up at the airport for our girl's weekend to celebrate her birthday. Our driver Ralph was a doll. He was funny and so personable.He presented us both with roses, popped the cork on a bottle of champagne and drove us to our hotel - but not before making a quick stop for some libations:) Perfect touch, Ralph!We arrived safely and in style to our hotel. Nothing like the airport to hotel rides I've taken before in Vegas when using a cab. Yikes! Those drivers are scary. Our mom was delighted her two girls were safe in the hands of Ralph :)I will use Presidential Limousine again, no doubt!!!
5	These guys did a great job when I hired them to take my wife and her friend to and from the airport. Stopped them off for pics at the LV sign and the liquor store- cant ask for much more than that!
5	If you are considering getting a Limo in Las Vegas, book this one! No second thoughts! I booked a Stretch Limo for 2 hours from 11 PM -1 AM to ring in my sisters Anniversary and we had the most amazing time. Our driver Jason was outside our hotel well in time - the limo came with a nice bottle of champagne. The lights , ambiance, ride was fantastic. You can stop it wherever you want. The whole experience was fantastic. Highly recommend. It came up to about 140$ for 2 hours.
5	We love Oscar!!!Our friend decided to celebrate her birthday by renting a limo for the evening to cruise the Strip. Oscar was ready and waiting for us at the Paris valet at our 8 p.m. pick up time. After opening the door and helping us get settled inside, even offering to open our bottles of champagne for us, Oscar began our 3.5-hour-tour. We headed down to the infamous Vegas sign first, where Oscar took photos of our entire group. Then he dropped us off at the Mirage to see the volcano erupt and recommended the best viewing spot. We were going to see the Bellagio fountains but decided instead to head straight to Fremont. We spent an hour and a half downtown before Oscar drove us back to our hotel.Oscar handed each of the girls a single red rose and it was the perfect ending to a wonderful night. We rented the Escalade limo, which had plenty of room for our party of eight and could have comfortably sat a couple more people. The limo came equipped with champagne and glasses and we brought plenty of our own alcohol along for the ride. This is a great way to see the sights of Vegas and I highly recommend it! Ask for Oscar!
5	Presidential Limo was BY FAR the best and amazing customer service oriented company I have used. Chris was our first driver and he was SO sweet. Even though we were running behind the scheduled pick up time he still waited with no problem. He greeted me with a sign saying Happy Birthday. Of course he had the rose and champagne waiting for us. He took us on a mini drive and dropped us off to our hotel. He was pleasant and smiling the entire time. And not a bad smile either ;-)Our last driver was Adele. Once again we were running behind and I ended up missing my flight ( TOTALLY MY FAULT) . But she STILL waited for us to come to the limo. She dropped us off separately at our correct terminals and told me to relax and just breathe. Missed flights happen all the time in Vegas LOL. Adele was SUPPPPER sweet. Adele & Chris... YOU ROCK!!! I'll be calling you the next time I'm in Vegas. Thank you Presidential for an amazing start to my birthday weekend. It's the little things that set you apart. Until next time!
5	Great service!!! Our driver Julia was at the airport waiting for us as soon as we got there. She was extremely friendly and informative. She gave us information about places we should go see and if we had to take a cab, how to make sure we got the cheapest ride possible. The car was beautiful, I got a Cadillac Escalade. When we were leaving Vegas Michael was our driver. He arrived at the location early and sent me a text to let me know he was there whenever we were ready. Once in the car, Mike asked us if there was anything we didn't get to see that we wanted to. He took us to the Welcome to Las Vegas sign. He also suggested we see the Bellagio Fountains from an angle that not many people know about. He was also extremely friendly and went out of his way to make sure we were satisfied. Great company, great drivers, easy to book and great prices. I will absolutely use them again!
5	Booked a limo for a couple hours after my wedding to take photos around strip. Josh, our driver was great and very professional. I thought the limo was going to be just a regular one but it was a cadillac escalade  which was much cooler.  Complimentary champagne, very nice leather interior with touch screen music player and light show.
5	I have nothing but praise for Presidential Limousine and of course our wonderful driver Adele! I chose Presidential from reviews I found here on yelp. I was able to book online and when my plans changed I was able to edit my preferences quickly and easily over the phone (I extended my time from 1 hour to 5). Everything about this company start to finish was amazing! Adele our driver text me just before pick up to let us know that she would be arriving soon. We were running a tad late but she was understanding and welcoming. The limo itself was impeccably clean she even gave us each a rose! We had brought an additional bottle of wine for the drive and she put that on ice for us. When our plans continued to change (which they often do in Vegas) she accommodated us kept in contact with me via text. All the details were seen to for example, when we arrived back to the limo, all the glasses had been cleaned so that we didn't have to try to figure out who belonged to which glass. Thank you Presidential and Adele for helping us make my friend's Bachelorette party one that she will never forget!
5	Wonderful drivers Friday night Nick picked me up and Sunday Ralph picked me up to take me back to the airport! Traveling by myself and I didn't want to take cabs. Great limo & Chrysler 300 and wonderful drivers. Felt safe and had a great experience. Thanks Again! Really wasn't much more than a cab ride. If you want to ride in style and feel safe take this route!
5	I love Presidential. I've used them now 4 times. All of the drivers have been great. They have always been on time. I have modified reservations with no issues. The cars were all new and clean, smelled great. The sound systems were kinda weak, especially in the 12-14 person Escalade. It sounded as if they had no rear speakers. I've done point to point transfers, the airport transfer, and the tour. The tour was fun, but the wasn't really a tour as much as it was a chauffeur to a few places. Luckily I know the city well enough it was not an issue. The champagne is usually warm, and its nothing fancy, but it tasted alright with ice. We had no problem killing the bottles in a few minutes, so it couldn't have been *that* bad. But like I said, its cheap champagne, its a nice touch, but shouldn't play any factor in picking Presidential over a competitor.I have seen some people on Yelp that have had some customer service issues, and i've seen Presidential's response and it does seem to come off a bit abrasive. Hopefully I am never on the receiving end, and a lot of it seems to be people not reading the details,etc, but I do think it could publicly be handled in a more elegant fashion from the companies side.For me, I wont use any other company in Las Vegas for limo service for my future visits to this wonderful city. It sure beats a rank smelling cabby or fighting to avoid the "Fast route" aka the tunnel.
5	My boyfriend and I arrived in Vegas on April 23 around 1045, we were greeted at the airport by our chauffeur Samson! He was so nice and friendly, very very funny guy full of personality We rented a regular stretch limo and were surprised to see that they had upgraded us to a presidential Cadillac stretch SUV Which BTW was badass! Very impressed with the limo and even more impressed with the serviceTook us to stalk up on our drinks for our trip and took is on an amazing tour of the strip and gave us the down load on all the cool hot spots! Highly recommend requesting Samson Pryor!
5	I could not be happier with my experience with Presidential Limo. From the booking process, which I did over the phone, to the email confirmation, to the pick up at the airport and back to the notification of dispatching. Both drivers we had were professional, personable and helpful. I will definitely be using them again when I return to Vegas!!
5	After reading some horrible reviews for other limousine companies in Vegas, we decided on Presidential Limo for our wedding day travel.  Presidential Limo was not only on time but early.  Our driver Ray was extremely friendly and courteous.  Even though we ordered two different cars, one at a lower price than the other...we ended up with two stretch Escalades (the higher priced limo) and they didn't charge us extra.  We also had some timing issues, so of course we were running behind on our wedding day, but they coordinated with the office so that we could rent the limos an extra hour.  The car was equipped with ice, chilled water, and champagne.  The limo also has LED lighting that changes in color as well.  I would definitely use this company again for ease of booking, modifying reservations, and timeliness!
5	Amazing! Prompt, accommodating, clean on the roundtrip. Our driver Anthony was super cool and had a great personality, made the most out of our trip from the airport to the hotel.  We even had a snafu with arrival times at the airport, and no sweat he got all of our party on the limo.  Even the phone operator/dispatcher was great.  No brainer, I will be using this service the next time we are in Vegas and requesting Anthony for a driver.
5	We used this service over Memorial Day weekend to pick us up from the airport and take us back. The drivers were early both ways. The driver who picked us up took us to a liquor store to stock our hotel rooms. The bubbly was cold, the whole experience set our Vegas weekend off on the right foot and took us back to the airport in the appropriate mellow mood.
4	I recently made a reservation for my birthday and was pleasantly surprised! Raymond was fantastic. He met us at baggage claim and assisted with all 10 of our bags! To my surprise we were upgraded from a 6 passenger limo to the stretch SUV! Talk about a birthday treat! His service was amazing and I tried requesting him for our return trip. I only rated this review with 4 stars as the return trip was lack luster :( Also if you want champagne be sure to request it in advance otherwise you'll receive Cider.
5	Don't waste your time with amateurs these people are The Best. You need a big stretch escalade to seat 8, call these people, ask for Ray to be your driver. PROFESSIONAL, on time and will treat you like royalty. Ray, I have had hundreds of limo rides and you are the most professional anywhere in the nation. Our friends were so impressed, you made us look good by choosing Presidential Limos. Big bad ass clean, beautiful limos. The rides everyone in Vegas gawk at to see what famous people are going to get out when you roll up to the club. We are locals in Boulder City, customers for life now. The Keslers
5	I've used Presidential Limo 3 more times since I posted my last review. Their service is still exactly the same since the first time I found them. If booking during the week they usually will upgrade your vehicle. My girlfriends and I were expecting a 5 person limo and they upgraded us to a stretch Escalade! All of the drivers are always on time, dressed nice, and best of all they have excellent costumer service. Keep up the great work!
5	I just wanna say first that Dimitri(if I misspelled your name I apologize)was THE man! He was on top of everything helping make sure that we were comfortable in every way. He was so good I told him I wish we could keep him with us the whole weekend. Being picked up to go back to the airport was nice with Miguel as well. Very nice and polite guy. Came in a stretched out Escalade. You guys know what you're doing when you hired these guys. Very good customer service. We appreciated that. Especially coming to Vegas with crappy service from Frontier Airlines. It's nice when someone can change that around. Came with irritated faces and got out the limo all smiles and laughing. Will use you guys when we come through again.
5	I've used Presidential a couple of times, and have never been disappointed.  Jailin was our driver and did a fantastic job.  He made my kids' first Vegas experience something to remember.  Thanks.Same trip, needed a 2 hour car service on short notice and they did not disappoint!  Nick Prichard was fabulous!  Definitely an asset to Presidential Limo!
5	Wanted to treat my GF's first visit to Vegas with a limo ride to our hotel. Searched Yelp. Found this. Called, booked, reasonable price. Great driver who was there on time, took our bags, and helped us pose for photos. The driver indicated Yelp has been pretty good to his company and he's been adding drivers because of it.Bottom line, need a reliable limo service? This is your guy.
5	Just had the pleasure of using Presidential Limo for airport transfer when we arrived and departed Las Vegas!Glen was fabulous! Arrived early both trips, took us by the liquor store and gave us great info! The Escalade was new and comfortable and the price was right!  Will be using them again in the next trip and requesting Glen for sure!!
5	I can't say enough about the service we received from Presidential Limousine.  We were leaving the country for 10 days and didn't want to leave our car parked at the airport for that long so I called Presidential based on recommendations from friends.  The day we left for our vacation, we asked our driver to be at our house at 4am.  I was so happy when we saw her parked in front of our home at 3:45am. She was wonderful and got us to the airport with plenty of time to spare.On our way home, there was a mixup with our flight number and as soon as I stepped off the plane, my phone rang from the Presidential offices asking for clarification.  They apologized and said the driver may be a little late.  Well, he was there by the time we got our luggage and was very apologetic, even though he was on time!  Great service.  If you're a tourist, you can feel good knowing that their prices are reasonable and their staff is friendly.  If you live here, you can feel good knowing that there is a great car service in town that cares about locals.  I will definitely use them again!
5	Don't go anywhere else!  Arranged for airport pick-up and return at Las Vegas.  The reservation process was friendly and simple with clear expectations, wide options, and excellent pricing.  Booked the mini-stretch SUV for 6 people.  I had to make a time change the day before pick-up...no problem.  I had to make a change to airport return time, contact, and payment method....no problem.  Our driver for both trips was Merriel.  He arrived slightly early on both days to ensure that we were dialed and ready to go right on time...no waiting..awesome!  Great guy, very helpful, personable and attentive.  Everything you want and need in a driver.  Had the bottle of bubbly ready for us and he also gladly took us by a liquor store for provisions.  The vehicle was spotless, well equipped with cool lighting and media features, and just plain swank!   This was the first time I have used a limo for transport in Vegas, but now I will ALWAYS go the limo route and will always book with Presidential Limousine.  First class service and people, hands down.
5	I actually love Presedential Limo's - they've treated my fiance and my friends with nothing but the utmost respect when it comes to service and a great ride. However, I feel the need to warn patrons about what I just experienced.  I'm hoping this is just a one time fluke mistake, but I logged into my credit card online account when I got home and noticed 49 (yes forty-nine) $78 holds from Presedential Limos? I understand sometimes a hold price on a credit card is greater than the final price, but I think forty-nine holds on my credit card is pretty unecessary.  What if I needed to use my credit card for something else that day?  A $78 limo ride with a $15 tip should not have credit card holds totaling $3,822 that just seems rather unecessary to me.  I will proceed to update my review once I get this situation resolved.  Screen shots of my online credit card holds can be found in the images section.- Update all problems resolved! Systems glitch - no harm done :)
5	My friends were getting married in Vegas (back on 05/04/2014) and I had just married my wife the month before. So I wanted to do something a little special for her. These guys made it all happen! I was nervous that somehow they would forget us, but right when I get off the plane and turn my phone on, I was sent a message letting me know the driver was there and ready for us. We come down the escalator, and BAM, there's our driver with a nice sign with our name on it. And then he gives me the rose discretely and I give it to my wife. Perfect! Then he even takes my bag for me and chats it up with us. We get into the limo and there's a bottle of champagne waitng for us. First time in my life I was praying for more traffic. We had to leave Vegas and get to the airport very very early, like 4AM. I still go the update on my phone and the driver was so pleasant and even took my bags again. The price is great too for such a wonderful service and experience. I'm definitely, without question, going to use these guys again! Thank you so much!!
5	I've used Presidential Limo a number of times now, and I must say, they are the best.We are seasoned Las Vegas visitors, and have traveled by cab, rental car, and a couple of limo companies, and Presidential wins, hands down - unless you need access to a car daily during your stay, in which case, you would be best with a rental.Being familiar with Vegas' dry climate, we asked the driver if he could swing by a Walgreens or similar to buy a case of water. Why spend a buck a bottle around the strip, when $4 will net you a full case? The driver was happy to oblige!The driver contacted me via text to help him find us at the airport, we got the limo, it was stocked with a decent champagne, stopped for a case of normal priced water, and arrived in style. I'm a blue-collar kind of guy, and enjoyed chatting with the driver during the trip, but you can shut the dividing panel if you wish. I love the local flavor a regular guy gets, and everybody loves movies where the President knows his staff.Vote for me for President. I will save the country money by using Presidential Limo, get to know my staff (making me the cool President), and stay buzzed on champaigne - nobody goes to war when drinking champagne!
5	Great experience for my daughter's 16th birthday cruising around the strip.  Britney our limo driver was awesome Highly recommended
2	I wish I could give a better review, but I wasn't completely satisfied. When I booked the limo, I specified that the sedan town car was what I wanted. The driver showed up in an SUV instead. I was never told there was a possibility I could get an entirely different vehicle. Also, there was no passenger seat  - I had mentioned that I wanted one. Finally, the person booking the reservation asked me if I would like the driver to hold up a sign with the last name of our party. SInce it was a wedding, I thought it would be perfect. I gave her all the information and she said it was all set. There was no sign or any mention of it when the limo pulled up. I asked the limo driver about it later and he said he had no idea about any sign. Why does Presidential offer it if they won't fulfill the request?
5	Book now!!!! We had an epic night!!!! Raymundo was AMAZING!!!! He made the whole night so enjoyable! We were so glad he showed up in an Escalade limo and was able to handle 4 crazy Latinas ready to party!!! This was a surprise for one of my girls since she is getting hitched. He drove us to the Rio to see the Chippendales show and then was able to pick us up later. This is the only way to travel in Vegas!!!
5	I used Presidential on 08/16/2014 for a friend's first visit to Vegas. Our driver Douglas was a class act. I will use them again. ....Michele L
5	The best.  Very professional and answer calls and emails RIGHT AWAY.  They texted when I landed and driver was extremely presentable waiting for me at baggage claim.  They park right next to the exit and had water and champagne ready for us.  Even a small gift for my wife.  Very classy and the ones I will use in the future.
5	First time using Presidential Limousine service and let me tell you all of the reviews were accurate!Their service is top notch! The driver who picked us up from the airport was there and waiting when we got to the luggage area.He helped us with our luggage and we were taken to our hotel in a really nice, new 2014 Cadillac Escalade truck! We were very impressed! On the way back we were picked up in a new Lincoln Town car. Also clean.Both times the drivers were courteous, professional and very nice.I would HIGHLY recommend using their services!When we travel to Vegas we will certainly use them again!
5	The reviews don't lie!Seriously though, four of us had two hours in a mini Escalade Stretch and had a blast! Our driver Erik was awesome and it was definitely a highlight of the trip. Cruising the strip and downtown with champagne and beers in this thing is as awesome as it sounds.  They also have extremely reasonable rates.These guys are perfecto!
3	Presidential Limousines was good, but I had hoped for better. We had a pickup at McCarran Airport, and rented the limo for an hour assuming that would be enough time for the 20 minute drive. I was told on the phone that pickup time started when the plane landed. That should have been a warning! Our plane landed at 9:12 pm. The driver met us at baggage claim. I wanted to stop at a quick stop store (if we had time) she told me right then we didn't have time. I said okay, could we add an 1/2 hour to our rental, no because her next pickup was 10 minutes after ours ended. We got our bags and all rushed to the limo. She quickly poured the champagne and rushed us to the casino. Took our bags out, started cleaning out the glasses and  preparing the limo for the next ride while we were waiting. Handed us a rose and when we asked her to take one picture of us seemed irritated, but did take one pic and left. So Here are the TIPS!!! Don't have them pick you up at the Airport when your plane lands, add 1/2 hour if you are picking up baggage and have them meet you at that time. Even if you have to wait you will not be rushed around like an inconvenience. The second option is to rent it for 1 1/2  or 2 hours.
5	Amazing service and drivers.  Raymund and Scott were great ambassadors. I would use them over and over again.  The sign up process was easy.  They communicate through email and txts.  Very impressed
5	There is absolutely no better limousine/town car service available in Vegas. These people do everything right.  They always email 2 hours before pick up with the driver's name and contact number.  We have used Presidential for all of our business and personal needs and seminars we have planned in Vegas.  They are a definite part of our Vegas itinerary for all trips.  They have the best and cleanest cars, cold water and even colder beer. This past weekend our law firm used them for the seminar at the Wynn.  Absolute class when all the other guys were showing up in cabs or rented cars.   It just can't get any better than Presidential!
5	This group was awesome to work with! I was in a jam because of a cab service not picking me up on time, these guys came immediately and got us to the airport on time. Very professional, car was clean, and our driver was helpful!
5	This past weekend I threw a bachelorette party in Las Vegas. Upon looking at reviews I found Presidential Limousine. Let me just say the reviews say it all! Clean, timely and professional. I cannot say enough good things about our driver Steve. I looked at my watch as we walked out the door of our hotel and here comes our limo, not a minute late! We had a bit of time from when we were picked up to where we needed to be dropped off so without saying a word Steve pulls up to the Bellagio so we could watch the water show and take pictures to kill some time. Very thoughtful! We arrived to our destination right on time and Steve explained that he would be right at the door when the show was finished. Sure enough, he saw us coming and walked around the limo to open the door just as we walked up. The rest of the night continued in the same fashion. I was VERY impressed and haven't stopped talking about Steve and Presidential Limo! If I ever find myself in Vegas and needing a limo again, Presidential Limo all the way!
5	I'm not sure if it gets any better than this. I absolutely love their staff! When I booked the airport service they were so friendly and professional. I felt very confident that everything was going to be just fine. They even have an app! When we arrived we saw the man with the sign and he grabbed our luggage and off we were! We told him we needed to make a liquor store stop and he sent us to one and we were in and out in less than 5 minutes. We already knew what we wanted. TEQUILA and BEER! He was very friendly and talked to us on the ride. I wish I could request him again but I don't remember his name I just have his picture. The ride going back to the airport was awesome too! The driver helped with bags and she got us there in no time. We didn't have any complaints whatsoever! I believe for the service and level of professionalism you can't really beat these prices. The reps are awesome and the drivers are too!
5	As is usual with Presidential, their people, their cars and their service are really very nice.  Tony picked us up in a shiny black Escalade and he was an extremely nice gentleman.  On time too and took care of all the luggage.  When it was time to leave Sin City, Glenn met us at our hotel in an equally beautiful black Escalade.  He took care of everything and was a very gracious gentleman.  Presidential is the way to travel when in Vegas.  It's all in the details and they do it right every time.
5	The best limo service anywhere! professional and safe drivers, professional staff, always on time, clean and nice limos outside and inside with the best lighting, seats and sound systems. The best in Vegas. My only source for limo service in Vegas!
5	I rented the 12 person stretch navigator for a  ride from airport to MGM for the bachelorette and her attendants.  Jeff booked my reservation and was very friendly and efficient. Derek our driver was super nice, made the bachelorette feel special and put up with 10 loud girls!!  Limo provided us with champagne, water, car was clean and a reasonable price.
1	My daughters wedding was Saturday 10/4 and we paid in full prior to the event. The limousine service picked up the groom and his groomsmen on time, but failed to return to pick up the scheduled pick-up of the bride and her bridesmaids. My daughter was late to her own wedding  because Presidential failed to follow the directions given to them. We had to have the hotel limousine service drive the bride and her party to the venue in an SUV. After that mess up Presidential confirmed they would pick up the groom and bride at 9:30 after the wedding. They even sent us a confirmation email at 6:15pm that they would be there. Once again, they did not pick up the bride and groom and we did not receive a phone call. The wedding was Saturday and we have not recieved a refund and haven't received a return call from management. It's extremely disappointing that they have our $ for all services but no services were rendered. If you want a reliable company for your wedding, DON'T USE PRESENTIAL LIMOUSINE!
5	We've only used them for one trip to Vegas (two rides), but were impressed.  First off, they have an app that tells you where your car is, who the driver is, etc.  So no surprises or guessing.  Second, the driver called me the moment we were off the plane, and was already waiting for us at baggage.  So great service there, no waiting for us.For the return trip he called a few minutes before the pickup time, but didn't rush us.  Again, they were waiting for us patiently when we were ready.Price is about on par with everyone else, neither cheap nor expensive.Free water is provided, and the car was clean and in good shape.  We'll use this for all our Vegas trips.
5	The rides.  Pick up from the airport. Was first class. We had 13 people in our group. Pick up was flawless. 2nd trip was the stretch escalade .  We rented it for 2 hours for our five kids (17-24 yr old) to cruise the strip fit two hours. Too good care of them and took them to all the fun places. Third trip was to the airport. Again great trip. We will use them again.
5	Driver was on time at baggage claim. Super stretch was clean. Complimentary champagne did the trick. Nice car. Took us over to the "Welcome to Vegas" sign, driver took our picture for us. Drove us to our hotel. The driver was professional and nice. Overall, it was on my bucket list to take a limo through the strip and this company was reliable. Wish the limo had a sunroof but no dice. It was worth the price and I recommend using this company.
5	After reading so many wedding day limo horror stories, I was a bit scared to book a limo. I am so glad everything went smoothly and our service was great! My husband handled everything and they were great at answering all his questions and changing our reservation time.  I couldn't ask for anything better!It's been so long, I forgot our drivers name but I wish I remembered because he was great!! My husband and I got married at Excalibur and then took photos around the strip and Freemont Street. Our driver was great at getting us to all our locations in the least amount of time and super friendly. I can't even remember how many bottles of complementary champagne he gave me and my husband! That is probalby why I can't remember his name.... !Definately choose Presidential limo for all your limo needs!
1	DO NOT BOOK THIS COMPANY.  So today's my wedding day and we had booked this company well over a week ago and had confirmed some changes 24hrs before the date. Supervisors confirmed changes and assured we would have out limo.I'm now outside the church, still waiting on my limo. We had booked them for 2 o'clock and had not arrived still and it's almost 3. We call to find out what's going on and apparently our limos were cancelled because their "supervisor" booked us for 2 different dates. We try to get this corrected and they say we still most pay full price and they yell at my wife like it was our fault??? Where's your customer service?? Why should I have to pay you full price for YOUR mistake!!
4	Booked a one way airport pickup to out hotel, Aria that came in late at night.  For some reason the company could  to get my email right even after many calls to confirm my reservation even though cutover service was friendly.  I like to have confirmations and this bothered me.  That being said, when we got off the plane I received a text from our driver, Erik telling me he was down by baggage claim, when we came down the escalator and there he was with a name sign on an iPad and couldn't have been nicer.  Erik already had our baggage claim info and helped with out bags to a very well maintained Esclade.  Once we were on the way Erik asked if we wanted to stop at a liquor store or anything.  Unfortunately we were in a rush to get to an event but since it was my girlfriend's first time in Vegas, Erik had offered to take us on a drive of the strip and the old Las Vegas sign etc..  Got us right up into the hotel quickly and made sure we were alls et before taking off.  I will definitely use this company again, my only concern is their logistics, shouldn't have been hard to get a confirmation email.  Apart form that would have been a solid five stars
5	We used Presidential Limos for 4 trips while in Vegas. They were always on time, very courteous and professional and the cars were very clean and well stocked.  Would totally use them again and recommend them. For comparison, we did use one other limo service while we were there (because we wanted a certain glamourous huge party limo) and the service definitely was not as good as Presidential.
5	This was the second time we used Presidential limo service, both times we were very satisfied with their services! They were on time, even before the actual pick up times. Got our luggages at baggage claim, offered ice cold waters when we got in the car, drove us to the the places we needed to go before heading to our hotel, got bell service for us when we arrived at the hotel, everything was PERFECT! The drivers were extremely friendly, and informative about the things and stuffs in Vegas, that's great for us visitors for sure, we need some insights from locals! We would love to use them every time we are in Vegas!
5	Wonderful limo service used for transportation from Airport to hotel and return. Very professional, punctual, friendly. We especially liked chatting with Raymond on the way back, a great driver and quality individual. Ended our Las Vegas adventure on the highest possible note!
5	Our photographer recommended Presidential for our wedding and I am very glad he did.Our drivers name was Shawn- very cool guy. We recieved a text when he had been dispatched and showed up with time to spare at our hotel. He was very nice and had no problem taking us where we needed to go comfortably and quickly. He even took us to CVS after our ceremony to get some cocktails :)The limo had a bottle of champagne and a rose when he picked us up. The limo was very clean with nice leather seats and color changing lights.
5	Great pick my wife up at the air port even with here arriving 5 hours late and when they     Picked us up to go back to the airport the upgraded us to a suv limo
5	Fantastic customer service, beautiful vehicles and reliable!  We decided to use Presidential after reading the positive reviews online.  Deborah took our booking and was so sweet and helpful and friendly.  We used them 3 times in a weekend - round trip airport transportation as well as a 1/2 day trip in a 12 passenger stretch Escalade to the Hoover Dam!What stood out most to me was the excellent customer service and communication.  Shortly after my flight landed, I received a phone call and a text from Nate, our driver.  It was easy to find him, and efficient in getting us on our way quickly.  He also was very friendly and gave us a  mini tour, pointed out some interesting landmarks on our way to our hotel.For our 1/2 day trip, we received an email that a driver had been dispatched and Robert texted about 15 minutes before pick up.  We were able to ask him to bring ice, which he gladly did.  He also presented each of the ladies with a rose and was a perfect host for our ride to and from the Hoover Dam.  The car itself was magnificent, spotless clean inside and beautiful with plenty of water, ice and champagne glasses :)  The stretch Escalade was definitely an attention getter!Prior to our airport return trip we also received an email with the Driver's name and cell number, and again prompt, efficient and friendly service.  Great experience, would not hesitate to use Presidential for our next trip!
1	I will NEVER use this company again! !!!!!  I bokedd it for my wedding night got the wrong lime charged us a lot more than what they quoted us terrible customer service.
5	Our limo driver Tom was the man! He took care of us from the minute we got in. We had a fabulous time. What a way to start off your trip in Vegas! I will ALWAYS call Presidential when I am there. :)
5	I don't normally post reviews on Yelp.  In fact, this is my first one.  But I had to come on here and say how great of an experience my wife and I had for my 40th birthday.  My wife surprised me by having Presidential Limo pick us up at the airport.  Anthony Ray was our driver and I can't say enough how awesome he was.  Professional, courteous, funny...top notch!  He took us around town, stopped off at a liquor store on the way to our hotel, even came in and shopped with/for us.  It was incredible.  Had a bottle of champagne waiting for us in the car.  His customer service is unbeatable.  We're going back to Vegas in February for my sister in law's 21st birthday and you best believe we will be requesting Anthony to be our driver again.  A lot of drivers just merely do their job;  Anthony goes above and beyond and I appreciate that.  Can't go wrong with Anthony at Presidential Limo.  Great service all around.
1	This limo almost hit a few people while speeding thru the parking lot and then blocked traffic in a fire zone.I called Presidential Limo and asked their dispatch to move the limo out of the fire zone.Dispatch told me to just call 911 - they were not going to contact the driver.I asked for a supervisor and was told no. Someone in the background said "Just tell him to fucking call 911".Very unprofessional and unsafe.I did call 911 and reported it, as suggested.Metro did arrive and the limo was moved.License PRES203
