5	The radio advertisement for Exile on Main compares this place to the store in the movie High Fidelity and it's hard not to go along with that. Except it's so much more than that! I don't even know if you can get some of these magazines and DVDs at other locations in town. The selection is unique and worth looking through if you're interested in independent music, films, etc.Oh, and you can play Donkey Kong or Joust for free on their vintage arcade machines. And they sell candy! And do PC repairs and upgrades for less than other places!
3	There are very few independent businesses like Exile on Main in town, offering new and used movies, games and music. I like browsing here from time-to-time, but it's always a crapshoot if I'll find something I like. I'm glad to see they're expanding their used "old-school" video game section - another thing that will set them apart. They carry some interesting magazines now, too. The staff isn't always the most welcoming, and (at the risk of sounding like an old man) some of the music they blare out is on the obnoxious side. Overall, a nice destination for music/movie/game nerds who want to support a local business.
3	Cool - a local store with records, good bands' posters adorning the wall, and tons of old-school (Playstation 2 = not old school, people born in 1995) video games. There have been many a'time where I wanted to buy an N64 game, but...Holy crap, the prices.I understand that rent can't be affordable in somewhere as bustling and urban as the 3-blocks of downtown Champaign, but seriously... Common LPs for $10, easily found at another store for half the price. DVDs are priced like the first price on an infomercial before they say "BUT WAIT!"Staff has been nothing but nice, if not a bit lackadaisical.Lower your prices a little and I will be buying - but for now its Ebay, Reckless Records, and Half Price Books in Chicago for me.
5	I'm so glad we still have a record store in Champaign. Great, helpful staff. If what you're looking for is not in stock, they will order it. Orders are usually in within the week by my experience. They offer a really nice record collection and have great deals (sidewalk sales) on used CDs. Can you find cheaper prices online? Sure, but buying here shows support to not only Exile, but Champaign and the downtown area. The town is better for having Exile here...let's keep it that way!
5	This is the most ideal local record store I can imagine, and we have it right here in Champaign! A great selection for every kind of person and an owner who should win awards...DAILY! This is the place.
3	I love the name and love the location.  This is a small music, dvd, and video game store.  Old vintage video games scattered around the perimeter.  Some bins with various music, a centrally located music display.  There is some cool stuff here. Though I wish there was a bit wider selection.  Maybe I have not gone through everything on my handful of visits, but just does not seem like they have the selection of other music stores.  The service is great, the guys know their stuff, and are fun to talk to.  They will sell tickets to music events around town as well.  I got tickets here years ago to see the Black Keys at the Highdive.  A nice independent music store.
3	It's a cool little shop with character and a lot of variety packed in, considering the size of the store. If the owner is still the same, then we even have the same name (Jeff Brandt). I've been in several times, though, and for one reason or another I never came out with anything.
5	A locally owned shop for all your audiophile and gaming needs from the past + today.Whenever I need a vinyl that they might not have in stock, I make a special order and within days it's at the store waiting for me. Thank you for keeping my ears happy all these years!
5	Independent, awesome, friendly, great selection. Done...  OK... yelps admin wouldn't let me end my review with Done.  Was too short? So....  in a long winded kind of way that I don't really like to review things, I really dig what Exile does.  Great events throughout the year in addition to just being a retail spot.  Get your Wax Poetics, Get your game one, Get some god damn records
5	Independent local business, knowledgeable staff, great selections and MOUNTAINS OF VINTAGE GOODIES AND YOU CAN STILL ORDER NEW STUFF TOO!if you cant find what you wanted, they will order it for you, or if you are a regular, keep an eye out for a rare item for ya. They also take pre-orders on vinyl and new video games as well, and they video games are the exact same price as Lamestop anyway.The video game selection is amazing and always changing.They have new and used, vintage and modern cds and records for fair prices.They will also take store credit for cool use stuff, so you can trade old records and game for that new game you want if ya got the right stuff at the right time!People keep saying it's expensive, but i disagree. i believe the prices are very fair for their quality, and the cash goes right back into our local economy. i think most people don't understand the cost of local and niche goods. i used to work at a record store, and shipping vinyl is expensive! so if you are used to wal-mart prices, then go there.OH THATS RIGHT wal-mart doesnt carry ANY GOOD MUSIC, let alone support local musicians with events and sell their merch. gee, funny how that works.If you are a treasure hunter, i highly recommend this place. I have found some real gems simply because i was rooting through a random spot in the store.
