3	This is definitely better than the average 24hr coffe shop. You have a great view of the conservatory if you're in the right area, and they have a killer creme brulee trio and decent service.  The prices are a bit steep, but 5 out of 6 times, the service was good, once it starts.  The first time they get to your table tends to take a while.  She gave us extra bacon with our eggs the last time we were there, as she felt it was too spendy without an extra helping.
4	Out of all the resorts on the Las Vegas Strip, Cafe Bellagio has the most reasonable prices. Located adjacent to the Bellagio Garden, and with a great view of the Bellagio pool this cafe makes a great breakfast. I have been their several times over the past two years, and taken family and friends who have come to visit me in Las Vegas their for breakfast. They all enjoyed their meals.  I recommend the breakfast sampler which comes with a short stack of buttermilk pancakes, a couple of pieces of rasberry french toast, a quarter piece of the Banana Fosters Waffle, and fruit garnish all for $14(tax and gratuity not included. I haven't had a chance to go for lunch yet but when I do I will update my review.
4	Went here for lunch recently and the prices were decent for a casino and when I ordered coffee they brought a full thermos and left it on the table for me. So... of COURSE, my amped up self is going to give this place a good review. The grilled shrimp salad I had was good and just big enough for a lunch entry. Eggs Benedict were about an 8 on a scale of 1 to 10.Atmosphere was loud enough for my kid to sing and not really be heard.
1	so the only reason i end up going to the cafe bellagio is because of the daym creme brule..... other than than this place isnt that great. maybe cuz they are part of bellagio, the people there dont give a crap about service... o they dooooo care about how the table looks. apparently, the salt sits beside the sugar... the lady told the waiter "white on white" to remember that cuz they want everything uniform for their customers... shit how about SERVICE.... service here FUCKING SUCKS A BIG FAT CACK.... i wanted to go around messing with all the salt and pepper shakers to just mess with them. there USED to be this omlette with crab/asparagus/boursin cheese... well NOT any more.. they replaced the boursin cheese with mozzerella... NOT THE SAME... and the new omlette is SOOO NOT worth the $13... i tried the thai lettuce wraps... which was ok, but because i didnt technically order lunch, i was denied bread cuz it is only served with lunch... i wanted to scream my heart out... i freaking waited 10 min for the waitress' fat ass to take my order and now i gotta wait for my food and i am starving.. great... good news is, theres no smoking in the hotel/restaurants any more! yay to nevada residents who wanna keep their lungs for the next 50 years... to the addictive personalities, dont worry, you can smoke your lungs out in the casino where smoking will forever be permitted....
3	I must concur with the majority here...The setting's nice, most certainly, but for 3 persons to have breakfast here and the bill to come to $90, tax and tip included, you better be wowing me with your omelets, Chef.   You didn't do that... As a matter of fact, my Classic Bellagio omelet with lobster and cheese was only blah... the lobster was rubbery and I couldn't chew it enough to swallow.   At $16, you gotta do better than that.... Way better than that!   Now my wife's Spanish Chorizo breakfast was better, but I'd still only give that 4 stars.They make a kickass coffee, though, laced with something like Cocaine or Speed...  My wife was bouncing off the walls for the next 8 hours, which was quite entertaining, actually!    Still, I'd have expected much higher food quality out of a placed called "Cafe Bellagio", especially when it ended up costing us about $30 per person for breakfast...  Oh and no, no champagne there... We all had coffee and one of us had an OJ, so that really doesn't explain the high cost.
3	I wanted pancakes.  Good pancakes.  Really good pancakes.  A kind soul on one of the Vegas forums allowed as how the Bellagio Caf had the best in town.  Off I went.  Well, the kind soul was right.  The pancakes were light, slightly crisp around the edges, and flavorful.  A good hunk of butter accompanied them.  I'd say they were slightly better than the pancakes I had at Grand Lux last year.
4	This place is actually really good, not just for a 24 hour coffee shop, but as a restaurant on its own.  The prices are reasonable, and the menu has a variety of options.  If you get to stay at the Bellagio, this also serves as your sole delivery option.One night a few years back, I'd complained about some construction they were doing eight floors above us.  They gave me a free meal on the house.  I asked them if room service counted.  They said sure.  I invited all of my friends over for a several hundred dollar feast.   Pancakes, french toast, eggs benedict, waffles, you name it, it's good stuff.  The only thing that was seriously a joke was the congee, but the truth was, it wasn't disappointing cause we weren't expecting it to be any good.  We just ordered it cause we could.This is also a great place to go for the after hour munchies.  My girlfriend loves the apple crumble here, it's served a la mode.  Simply delicious.  Also the head chef, Jeff Henderson, has build quite the reputation for himself.  He went from selling drugs in South Central LA to finding his passion for cooking in prison where he was serving a 20 year sentence.   No joke.  Food with a good story always makes it better.
4	When your in Vegas for 24 hours, its the first time your parents meet her parents, and your starving, this place works for a champaign brunch. I had eggs. she had something else, the Mumm Napa flowed, and things went well. Food was pretty good too.
4	This is a MUST visit when in Las Vegas for breakfast. Every time I have been here I have had the eggs Benedict and that's probably the only thing I will ever order when I go back just because they are seriously the best I have ever had!! Its pretty casual so you can stop in as you are on your way out to sight see on the strip.  There usually is a line in the mornings so try to get there a little earlier than you expect to chow down. So good.
4	Cafe Bellagio is a wonderful place for brunch, that is what they get four stars for. I would not go there when its dark out, there are far better and more fun places in the Bellagio, however for breakfast or brunch, its great. You can see into the pool from some tables, and I definitely think that its really nice if you want sunglasses with your Eggs Benedict.
3	Eh... I've had better.Extensive menu yes... quality... no.  Think diner and stick to the basics and you can't go wrong.  LOVED the portobello mushroom sandwich! It was PERFECT!!! Decent breakfast, good soup, friendly wait staff, and something for everyone.Date Rating: 3Pick up Scale: 5 (friendly patrons here in the middle of the night!Strong Suggestions: Dine here late at night when there are less options, you can find something else during the evening or the day.
3	Cafe Bellagio is a wonderful place for food all day. I went around noon and had a great breakfast. The bill for 2 was $48 not including tip. So it is pricey for a breakfast.
3	Upon entering Vegas, we hopped off the shuttle at the Bellagio instead of our hotel stop at the Platinum (in fear it would take another 2 hours to arrive based on our driver's pace and navigation skills). We were starving, so stopped in at the first place we saw.We got seated at one of the 50 or so tables in the center of the restaurant, and started perusing the menu as well as the interesting  dcor. Only in Vegas will you find intricate, ionic columns with keno boards built in the top. There must have been at least 10 servers and workers running around us for about 20 minutes, until we had to flag someone down to order. (Maybe I should have waived a keno ticket in the air to get immediate service.)We ordered the crab cake salad ($18) and the BLT ($14) a few beers, and...a $12 Bloody Mary. I have to say, it was a delicious Bloody Mary, complete with spicy homemade mix, lemon, olives, picked green beans, and celery, but for $12 they should have served it in the form of a miniature replica of the Bellagio water fountain, but with Bloody Mary contents instead for me to sip from...with music. Food was good, but it's hard to say whether it tasted top-notch because we were so hungry or if it was the real deal. But ingredients were fresh, the presentation was nice, and we cleaned our plates. Probably wouldn't return given all the food choices in Vegas, but still a viable option if you're here and hungry.
1	Literally the worst breakfast I've ever had (at twice the price).
3	Want Steak and Eggs for cheap?  Don't come here.  But if you don't mind paying $15.00 for Eggs Benedict with a great view of the garden, then this is definitely the place.  The way it's laid out feels like a Fine Dining restaurant.  Normally a cafe looks like a regular average restaurant.  The look of this tops them all.  The tables were laid out with long off white table clothes decorated with gold silverware.  There are even nice water glasses that almost looks like they want to serve you wine with it.  The lighting has a brightness to it but not overpowering.  Plus the view of the garden has a romantic feel to it that makes you want to go there on a date.  But, you know it's not really a date place because Cafe's are normally a hangover joint.Since I got there late, I ordered my food as they were finishing up.  My cousins and their friends were already complaining about the service.  I guess the lady didn't come back to see if they were alright and didn't take the plates when they were done.  To me, that's not a big deal but I guess everyone's different.  My cousin has never eaten Eggs Benedict, and loved it after tasting my order.  She ordered the Tuna Salad Sandwich but wasn't impressed with it.  The chicken salad looks mediocre - nothing special looking about it.  So, overall it's an average Cafe masked to look like a Fine Dining Restaurant.  Food and Service was just like any other Cafe - average.  But, you know what?  Just because of the view of the Garden from the restaurant, I would definitely take out of towners here just for the ambiance.
3	It's rather overpriced for what it is.  The place is nice because it's a decent joint that is open 24 hours for a late night binge, but other than that, it's okay.  My friend raved over the pancakes but I just didn't see the appeal.  I ordered the cobb salad, which was a very large portion, though nothing exceptional in my opinion.
2	$20 for a freaking hamburger?!?Maybe I'm overreacting, or maybe I'm not. The point is, only come here as a last resort because you will only be eating food you can get at a cheap diner, only with exorbitant prices. Can we say "tourist trap"?
2	Definition of a Patty melt - a hamburger patty between two pieces of butter soaked bread, held together by a large portion of gooey melted cheese.If this is your definition of a patty melt, don't order one at Cafe Bellagio.  I just had the worst sandwich ever.  It was dry, flavorless and pricey!
3	Fairly good food.  A little pricey but the club sandwich and pastrami reuben were decent.  The wait can be a bit much, but the view if you're anywhere near a view can be very good.  The service is a bit lacking but if the quality of the food is good, then I have to give it a 3.  As for real entrees like steaks, I'd agree with others to steer clear.  All we wanted were sandwiches and albeit a bit pricey, the service was fast and the food was fair.
4	For breakfast or brunch, do yourself a favor,  skip the coffee and go for a Garden bloody Mary - it's their bloody mary mix spiked with celery and carrot juice and of course pepper vodka.  It's garnished with a perfect crispy pickle.  To die for.  Nothing like a couple of these to soothe your head the morning after.To eat I recommend the Maine Lobster, asparagus and mozzarella omelet.   For 16.50 I didn't anticipate finding any meat but there was plenty, and  no shell to deal with which to me is a huge bonus.  If you're in the mood for pub food you must try the chicken tenders... if that sort of food can ever be 5 stars they would taste like these.
5	15 bucks for pancakes?  Are they out of their mind?No.  They were perfect.  I have dreams about those pancakes.
5	I *heart* this place.  Cafe Bellagio is just absolutely lovely.  5 stars for the food; 5 stars for the ambiance/atmosphere.  I highly, highly recommend making a stop at Cafe Bellagio for Sat/Sun morning breakfast or brunch.  Cafe Bellagio is immediately adjacent to the famous Bellagio Conservatory & Botanical Garden, which changes its a seasonal arrangements and display every few months.  The Cafe is basically on an open terrace - try to get seating next to the Garden if you can.  It's sooooo refreshing, relaxing, peaceful - a breath of fresh air, a welcome change of pace and scenery from all that hardcore "Party like a rock star!!" debauchery you can't quite remember,...The food is soooooooo good.  It's ever-so-slightly on the pricey side but, it is SO worth it.  Although the Cafe doesn't take reservations, I've never had to wait for very long (maybe 15 minutes, max).  I can't think of a better place for brunch in Vegas.  It's like a detox for your system - only without any nasty "herbal cleanser" or withdrawal symptoms.  :)
4	This place is pricey, but you get what you pay for. Whether you're there for breakfast, lunch or dinner, there's a wide array of things to choose from and the food is nothing short of excellent.Waitstaff are friendly (it's Vegas!) and service is always really great. Warning: Don't go too crazy unless the tab is on the company though, because you can expect a $5 soda . . freshed-squeezed orange juice with your breakfast is $7 a pop, if you can believe it.Either way, it's an excellent establishment. Vegas all the way, baby.Enjoy.
4	I was very impressed with the service here. I think all the hosts and workers are on super happy pills because they all seemed to either love their job, life, and in general were just uber happy. The food here is also good. Yes, it is pricey as hell but overall you do get world class service, great tasting food, and a satisfied stomach. Which is why I had to return over and over...
2	Blecch!  This would have been mediocre food at half the price.  But if you're feelin' good about shelling out $15-$20 for humdrum corned beef hash or a tasteless omelet, this is the place for you!  And adding tasteless lobster to that omelet still doesn't justify the price -- I can make a plain mushroom and chives omelet taste better than what they serve here.  Also, the butter that they use to fry the hash browns didn't smell quite right, and I couldn't dodge the smell no matter how much I shifted my head around.They also seem understaffed.  So the service, while friendly, is really slow.You're better off hopping onto a cab and getting burgers at the In N Out.
5	I can only click on 5 stars?  I'm quite convinced that this is the best place in Vegas.  Well, one of the best places, it comes right after any club that manages to hook you up with free Cristal.It's been sort of a tradition for my friends and I to drunkenly stumble into this place (and I really do mean stumble) after a night of obligatory partying and offer our drunken ramblings to the wonderful graveyard wait staff (shout out to you "Kanye!")  I have never met a group of more patient and attentive people who put up with verses from Kanye West's hits in response to their inquiries of "do you need more water?"And the food!  The food is wonderful and to say the least it's the BEST stuff to fill your pre-hangover needs.  The pot sticker sauce makes my eyes roll to the back of my head. Did I mention it's beautiful?  It's right off of the Conservatory (that's the huge floral exhibit for all of you Vegas neophytes) and is beautiful.  The best part is eventually seeing the sun peek over the glass ceiling.  It's the best way to see a sunrise in Vegas.I'M COMING BACK CAFE BELLAGIO!
4	Went there for breakfast and found it a charming spot. Had a table that overlooked a courtyard, very European looking. The food was good, not great, but more than acceptable. The prices, considering we were at the Bellagio, were quite reasonable and the service was excellent.
5	Pretty freaking fabulous. The Bellagio is just amazing anyway, but this place was great for the price. The boyfriend and I both had French onion soup, which was fantastic, and I had a roast beef dip sandwich that was awesome. I could only finish half, but I loved it! We also shared the crab cake appetizer with my mom, which was PERFECT. You WILL pay for it, though. Tis expensive. Service was good as well.
4	Now that I look back on it, I'm not sure why I even decided to eat here early in the AM's.  Normally, if I was rational, after seeing the prices, I would've instantly left.  But seeing as how it was between midnight snack and breakfast, not to forget, the lack of sense due to our obvious lack of sleep combined with a sensational starvation, we walked in with out pockets full "kind of" and stomachs empty.My oh my, do I not regret coming in here for its breakfast menu.  Probably one of the more pricier breakfasts that I've had but it certainly was worth every penny.  I would recite to you what I had eaten but I think I chowed down my food way too fast to even remember what I ordered.  And when we left, we left with out pockets empty but our stomachs were definitely satisfactorily full.
4	After roaming the strip for a breakfast spot, we ended up at Cafe Bellagio while perusing the Botanical Gardens. There was a short line, but it went by pretty quickly - which was good since my tummy was growling of hunger. We were seated near the gardens so we had a beautiful view of all the pretty flowers and such. Our waitress was very attentive and nice. The food was pretty tasty (I had the lobster eggs benedict) and their ice tea was a thirst quencher. The only drawback, however; are their prices. They are a little bit on the pricier side so be prepared for that.
3	We saw this restaurant while walking through the Bellagio botanical gardens.  I was starting to get hungry, and Cafe Bellagio looked like a good choice for brunch. I like the atmosphere of the restaurant because it overlooks the pools and has plenty of sunlight coming in.  However, as other reviewers have mentioned, the prices are a little high.  We ordered the BLT, which was good, and the mixed berry pancakes (I liked how they put a generous amount of fresh berries on top).  I also ordered fresh orange juice which was delicious, but pricey at $7.50.I wouldn't go out of my way to return, but I think it's a good spot to enjoy a leisurely breakfast/brunch before starting your day in Vegas.
1	Must avoid!  The cob salad has no taste, dry, in big chunks that you have to cut yourself or ur eating chicken steak.  Lobster ravioli is wet dumpling skin with green peas.  What is green peas doing there?  Not for taste obviously, just to make it seem not too boring.  It used to be better, write this to warn long return customers.
4	Our usual lunch when we stay at the Bellagio is a quick meal at their "coffee shop," the Cafe Bellagio.Usual fare of breakfasts, sandwiches, burgers, and just good old comfort food.  Good portions, quick service - you won't leave hungry.I had the Bellagio Omelet.  Chunks of lobster with cheddar cheese, asparagus, and tomatoes.  Hash browns were a little weak.  Hubby had the club sandwich with fries.  YUM.  I always enjoy a good club sandwich - and this one has crispy, crispy bacon piled in it.  Delish!The next day, I had my usual favorite.  A plain Caesar salad with an order of chicken tenders on the side.  The chicken tenders are basically chicken breasts breaded and fried - they're huge!  Hubby had a chicken salad sandwich.  Looked hella messy to me, but he gobbled it up - I guess he really liked it.
2	Don't go here! Overpriced, overrated, and bad service. Environment:I thought the cafe would be a nice dining experience overlooking the pools, but the tables are so close you might as well have a convo with your neighbor. Noisy! We had Debbie Downer for our waitress who never smiled and saw her only three times: once to take our order, another time to deliver food, and a final time to deliver the check. Um, can we get refills? She even messed up on the drink order: coffee. How do you forget coffee during brunch? Food:I ordered lox and a bagel. Can't screw that up, but I will say that the bagel was small and they only gave my three rings of onion - not even a full slice of an onion! That lox and bagel was NOT worth $15. The cream cheese portion was not much...maybe a tablespoon. The tomato slice was a regular beef steak, not vine ripened and the tomato was pill-y. However, the lox was good. My bro ordered the corned beef hash which was good and meaty, and the hash browns were tasty and crunchy. Our meal came close to $70...for breakfast. Why two stars?The service is bad as is the food. Avoid this place and hit the buffet or eat at another hotel. Definitely overpriced and the service, food, and environment are not worth the price.
4	If you're trying to eat in Vegas at 2:45pm good luck.  You'd probably have better options at 2:45am.  We went to the Bellagio thinking we'd have some options for a tasty meal.  There were only two restaurants open at this hour of the day.  Cafe Bellagio and Sensi. We weren't about to pay up to $40 for lunch so we decided on the Cafe.  So glad we did.I had been craving a Reuben all day, and Cafe Bellagio delivered.  The waitress was super nice, and knew we were splitting our meal so she served it on two plates.  I love when they do this, it's so considerate and helps you avoid the...I'll-just-take-a-little-so-it-doesn't-look-like-I'm-trying-to-hog-it-all situation.  Boy was that reuben tasty.  We also shared an organic greens salad that was pretty small but had a delicious dressing.  The cafe has good food and is bright and airy so that you don't feel you're suffocating in Vegas' recycled air.  If you're hungry at 2:45pm it's the place to be.
3	First stop on our short Vegas trip. Just got in so we didn't want to go too far  yet.Our late lunch consisted of a Spicy Chicken sandwich, a Pulled Pork sandwich, a club sandwich and a Spinach and Romaine lettuce salad.All were pretty good. Nothing special
4	Great Breakfast when staying at the hotel.  Crab cake eggs benedict is very good.  Also had some tasty tortilla soup on another visit.  I had the seared tuna salad for a late night snack which was just marginal, but go for breakfast.
2	definitely overpriced! chicken noodle soup was $8 and it was all broth..da burger wit little fries was $15. da only reason we ate here was because its close to our room since we stayed @ bellagio and it was 5 am and we wer drunk & hungry.
4	This review is based solely on breakfast:  The service was great, ambiance was cute... I was a bit worried we would be stuck with a bunch of snobbish patrons..even though there was a table of middle age women with their huge sunglasses on during the ENTIRE meal (we were sitting indoors).  I had the eggs benedict.  They were outstanding.  I never order this dish because I am a bit squeamish about hollandaise sauce (Raw eggs...ew).  The hollandaise was great... the eggs were poached perfectly.  I also sampled a friends french toast and ham and cheese omelette.  Those were great too.  We topped everything off with some mimosas and bloody marys.  I would go back again.  It was a bit overpriced, but what isnt in vegas?
4	Ok, so this is one of the reason the Bellagio sets the standard for Vegas.Each casino has a "Denny's". Casual dining, open all night, huge menu, lots of seating.Bellagio's is called simply, "Cafe Bellagio" and it's a cut above. Not only is the coffee the smoothest in Vegas, but the deserts are made by Jean-Philippe himself.http://www.bellagio.com/restaurants/jean-philippe.aspx$8 is what you pay for a dessert at a four+ star restaurant. And here, it's worth every penny. We had the tiramisu and it's filled with spheres of the finest chocolate. What a great touch.While it's not new and trendy, Cafe Bellagio is an consistently solid place to grab a bite to eat in Vegas.
3	Cafe Bellagio enjoyed the pleasure of our business at 4 am Friday and Saturday this weekend... On Friday after Tryst, my brother and I shared the chicken wrap with french fries and a whole lot of water. The wrap was pretty dry and needed ketchup to make it bearable. The french fries were salty and yummy though! The service was fairly slow considering there were not too many other tables at that point in the evening. Our waiter willingly brought us more little cups of ketchup though when we exhausted our original supply.On Saturday after Body English, four of us waltzed in very hungry. We begged our waiter to please bring our large food order out asap and to deliver the biggest glasses of water available. A yummy bread basket quickly appeared which definitely was not offered the night before... we sampled a vegetarian omelet, more frecnh fries, chicken quesadillas, and french onion soup. The french onion soup was surprisingly perfect for 4 in the morning snacking but the omelet was really dry and boring. Cafe Bellagio gets the late-night-eating job done but it is far from as good as Planet Hollywood's 24-hour diner! It's also expensive - our chicken wrap was about $14, boring omelet was $13, french onion soup was $8, etc...
3	This place is ok. Mom, Hubby and I actually ventured to the Bellagio for the buffet but Mom strangely changed her mind and declared that Cafe Bellagio would be our brunch destination. No one argues with Mom- ever!Hubby had a ham and cheese omelet and Mom had the Bellagio Omelet. Both were GIANT!! I had the crab cake benedict but had to request that they leave off the canadian bacon as I don't eat beef or pork. Anyway, the food was good- my hashbrowns needed LOTS of salt- they were very bland.The best part about the meal was my Bellagio Cocktail- a mimosa with passionfruit puree, among other yummy fruity goodness. I wanted several but refrained. Sadness.
1	We graced Cafe Bellagio with our presence at 4am Saturday after a night out at Tryst... I'm sure they were thrilled. That being said, we were well collected and rather with it considering most of the 4am crowd. We ordered our late night fare promptly, and asked for some water as well. Then we waited. And waited. And waited. And watched groups that had been seated after us served. We had just decided to walk out (It's something which I have NEVER done, but the lack of service was getting to be down right offensive) when our food came out. It was mediocre at best, except for the French Fries and the water. It was also very expensive! I paid around $15 for a greasy, bland chicken quesadilla. The next night we nixed the cafe and ordered pancakes from room service instead - much better, and about the same price!
1	Quite possibly the worst service ever! Okay first off I was absolutely baffeled by the lack of options for 24 hour service in Vegas on a Friday night/Saturday morning. Yes it was 4 am, Yes we probably should have been in bed, but we needed drunk food. So as luck would have it we ended up at the Cafe Bellagio. The service was so horrible we almost walked out. I've never walked out of a restaurant before but this was about to be a first. Luckily I suppose our food came as we were gathering our belongings (after almost an hour wait after we were seated).  I mean really how hard is it to make a grilled cheese sandwich, a quesadilla, and nachos. I could have managed better in my own kitchen ;-)It worked in the end considering it was the only option presented but we learned the next night to plan in advance for late night drunk food.
4	I go to Vegas a lot, and I like to gamble.  This means I don't want to spend a lot of money on food (and alcohol is basically free if you gamble).  So, for a random meal (since you never really sleep in vegas), whether it's a late brunch, lunch, or late night dinner, you should stop by the Cafe Bellagio.  The menu offers a wide variety of food for decent prices.... there are places in Vegas that charge you an arm and a leg for food, this isn't one of those places.  The quality of the food is good too, and if you're lucky you can sit and get a view of the garden area.  Beautiful decor overall.  Try the french onion soup and meatloaf... those are my favs!  Enjoy and good luck at the tables!  :)
4	We ate at Cafe Bellagio at brunch-ish time on a weekday and there was a line, which we somewhat expected.  It took a while for us to get seated so we expected it to be packed but there were quite a few empty tables.  Not sure if they were waiting for the tables to be bussed or generate attention by having a line form outside.  My friend ordered a waffle and I ordered the Bellagio Omelette which was excellent.  The omelette had lobster which you could taste and see, it was delicious.  The waffle was pretty tasty as well, light and fluffy.  I agree with many reviewers that the service wasn't as good as one would expect considering that it was the Bellagio hotel.  People that were seated after us got their food before we did which was annoying and the waitress only came back to our table to give us our check, she didn't really check on us during the whole time we sat there.  The 4 stars is for the food we ordered which was great, but the service, not so much.
3	I ate here several times with my family and the food was just average.  On three separate occasions, I had the pot roast, bellagio omelet, and the filet mignon.  The decor of the cafe was quite nice but the price of the food was not worth it.  Portions were rather small for the quality of food that falls short of your normal Cheesecake Factory.  I wanted to try the buffet but the line was incredibly long :[
4	I ate here twice during the course of my stay at the Bellagio.The first time, the line was quite long, and once we got to the front, we waited for what felt like an eternity before they sat us, in spite of quite a few empty tables.  But once we sat down, we weren't disappointed.  The food was wonderful.  My mom ordered the best french onion soup either of us had ever tasted, and I got a simply delicious club sandwich.  I had asked for the chips but the waiter brought the french fries... I'm glad he did, because they were excellent, and I usually don't like fries.  The prices were a bit high (especially my mother's iced tea - $4.50!), but the food was so good we didn't feel ripped off.The second time, there was no line at all.  We ordered the same thing, except we each had the french onion soup and we split the club.  The soup wasn't quite as good as the first time, but it was still excellent.  Be sure to ask for the breadsticks - they're free, but they won't bring them unless you ask.
4	The view of the Bellagio garden from the Cafe Bellagio takes the cake! I have eaten here twice with two different groups (my husband's parents and their 50+ year old friends in '07 and with our friends and their 9-year-old daughter yesterday) and each group has been very happy with the selection. I ate eggs Benedict yesterday, and I have a sneaking suspicion I had that in '07 as well... The food was good and just the right amount. The coffee, however, left a lot to be desired. It had a really bitter aftertaste, but I don't remember that from my first visit so maybe it was just a bad pot. Despite the bitter coffee, I will return to the Cafe Bellagio. It's good!
2	I had expected a lot more from a Cafe at the Bellagio.I ordered the chicken wrap.  My chicken was a tad dry and the wrap was really boring.My boyfriend had the tandoori chicken.  The tamarind chutney was absolutely delicious.I wasn't impressed and I wouldn't go back.
4	Pros-- + Large selection of good quality food for reasonable prices+ They'll seat you quickly+ Ice tea is served with Ice tea ice cubes (love that-- very Four Seasons)+ The salads and sandwiches are really fresh- lots of veggies, lots of sauces (Salmon burger and asian chicken lettuce wrap were really good and filling)+ They bring the best basket of bread to your table (just what a Vegas hangover needs)+ Views of the bellagio pool and outdoors, overall a nice place to eat Cheesecake factory style food and catchup with friends without spending a fortuneCons- It's a bit of a zoo if you get there at a crowded time (they literally ushered the two of us along with some random group to be seated)- Not necessarily an intimate, quiet dining experience-- but what in Vegas is during a busy saturday afternoon?
3	We stayed at The Bellagio while in Vegas (July 2008) and ended up eating breakfast here all 3 mornings were were in town, as well as a 3am snack our first night there. The repeat visits alone should tell you something, but it was also a matter of convenience since we were staying at the Bellagio. It is rare for me to get a chance to do this, so I ate eggs benedict all 3 mornings. Well seasoned hollandaise (allthough I always add extra lemon juice whenever I eat eggs benedict at a restaurant), perfectly poached eggs and thick pieces of canadian bacon. Everyone in my group enjoyed their meals every day. Our coffee mugs were never empty and the fresh squeezed OJ truly tasted fresh. However, the last morning we were there, we found mold on the supposedly fresh raspberries and I was served a dirty water glass. It put a serious damper on our breakfast. Otherwise, the menu selection was great. Just like Village Inn or Denny's, this place is open 24 hours a day and serves breakfast, lunch & dinner all day long. The tandori chicken pitas were pretty darn good too! Prices seemed to range from $14 per plate and above. A little pricey for what is served, but it seemed that way with everywhere in Vegas.  I would classify this as a high end 24 hour pancake house, like IHOP.
4	hidden behind bellagio garden. quiet retreat. good light food. amazing french onion soup. prices are reasonable order the chicken wrap its fabulous
3	3.5 starsHad bunch here with the 3 homies I roomed with at PH for our bro's bachelor party this past weekend.  Had to wait like 10 minutes in line by the garden to get seated.  Food seemed overpriced which is understandable since it is part of the Bellagio.  I got the braiche raspberry french toast with a side of 2 sunny side up eggs and bacon, green tea, and a cafe mojito for brunch.  Food was decently good.  Of course better than all those diner chains, but not like super great.You can play Keno while eating too over here.  The Keno lady with her mini skirt, fishnet stockings, and stilettos comes around frequently to collect your gaming fees and pay you out your winnings.Our total bill came out to around $130 for 4 people plus tip for brunch.  Good thing our friend treated us out since his parents were staying there that weekend too and get meals comped to their room.  Gotta love them Vegas comps, but you gotta hate getting suckered into losing them dollars on their tables to fuel your player's card.
5	I've eaten here a couple of times and have had great experiences each time. Last time I went was a few weeks ago with my mom after spending the afternoon/evening at Town Center Mall (or whatever it's called). It's right by the indoor flower garden (which is always very beautiful, elaborate, and fun to look at) and we were seated pretty quickly since we ate kinda late. I remember there being an endless line to get in on many occasions. I ordered the burger and it was incredible! I think my mom ordered breakfast or something else that came with toast, and hers was good, too. They presented some condiments in cool glass containers and small, glass jars of jam with the Bellagio logo on the lid.I usually am there for breakfast, and it's delicious. They have a pretty good menu with classics and even some new twists on them. They serve breakfast all day, which I always think is very good for a restaurant to do.The inside was gorgeous, too. My inner nerdiness shone through, becasue "Beauty and the Beast" was stuck in my head while I waited for my food.Overall, I had a great time. Remember to sneak some of the little mints in your purse on the way out; they're really good. Can't wait to go back!
3	Well, I think the food is just Okay...price is slightly more expensive compare w/ restaurant outside of Bellagio.  We did waited for a long time for our food to come that day...I ask for the sauce on the side for the chicken wings but seems like they have hard time doing that, so I didn't argue and just let them put the sauce on it...
3	This place is better than your average Grand Lux or Cheesecake Factory. On that scale alone, I think it's a pretty good deal. The prices are higher (but it's Vegas, what do you expect) but I think the portions are a very good size. I definitely finished my meal with food coma. I got the chilean sea bass which was good but it wasn't fantastic. My brother got the Rib Eye which I thought was cooked very very well. The Atlantic Salmon was alright. However, I think the Bellini (?) drink was delicious! For someone with such a low tolerance, I can honestly say I thought it was very tasty (not good for you hardcore alcoholics)What impressed me the most about this place was their attention to detail. I ordered an iced tea and I noticed that my ice cubes were discolored. At first I thought, "GROSS dirty ice cubes" but when I told the waiter, he told me that the ice cubes were actually frozen ice tea cubes. They did this so when your ice melts, it won't dilute your drink. Genius!! Extra points just on that alone.
4	I've been here twice. Once, I had to wait in line to get in but the line moved through pretty quickly. Food is just okay. If I had to write this review on just their food, I'd only give it 3 stars. Their food is pretty forgettable... because I usually remember everything I eat but somehow, when it comes to this place, it's slipped my mind. So food - MEH. OKAY I guess. But what makes me such a fan of this place is their BELLINI!!!!If you don't know what a bellini is, you're missin' out!! It's a cocktail that originated in Italy and it's a mix of sparkling wine/champagne and peach puree. The thing is, I've tried bellinis at other restaurants and they simply just SUCK! They usually don't put in peach puree and simply put in peach juice or syrup or something just plain gross. It's ALL about the blended puree that gives it that perfect texture and the right champagne too, of course. Trust me. If you go to Cafe Bellagio, you HAVE to try their bellinis! It's delicious! Perfect for a hot sunny day! :)
1	I'll start off by saying the previous half dozen times I came it would have rated around a 4 but the service this last time I had a snack with my wife, I was completely put off. When we arrived, we were seated and the day shift waitress was very nice and helpful. Shortly after that, the swing shift waitress came over and told us that she would be taking over our table. We only ordered the chicken wrap with french fries. When we got our order, it had coleslaw, it wasn't a problem, but to our waitress, she said "your ticket said coleslaw", but she did bring fries a couple of minutes later. After that point, we had to flag her down to get my wife more tea and my water glass was NOT refilled. I placed my glass at the edge of the table like any courteous patron would do, and for the last 35 minutes we were there, NOTHING!!  Another thing that bothered me was that she doted on the table next to us with 5 ladies and just walked past us like we didn't exist. After we had paid, I was not at all pleased with all that had taken place, so I asked for the manager and explained what had happened. She apologized and reversed the charges and comped us the meal. One more thing that is disappointing about the cafe, was that the portions had been reduced by about 25%.
2	I went there for lunch with a friend on a Wednesday. The service was bad (our server was hard to find and took forever for anything we asked). Food and atmosphere were not impressive. I would not go back again.
3	5 girls were hungry and wanted a bite before we started our journey back to the OC so we pulled over @ the bellagio...after we smelled the lovely flowers we saw the line for cafe bellagio...long but it would have to do. LUCKILY as we stepped into line a hostesss came around saying "5?? 5?? anybody have a party of 5??" thats when i jumped out saying "5 here!!!!!"so we got seated QUICK. our table ordered a pulled pork sandwitch, french toast & sausage, steak & eggs, caramelized grapefruit, yogurt parfait, and my penne pasta.our server was a really sweet lady and she claimed my pasta was the BEST CHOICE!!the pasta was....alright.. the sauce wasnt out of the world plus (I HAVE SOME BAD LUCK WITH PASTA!) the pasta was a tad overcooked. as the girls tasted it they confirmed i wasnt crazy and it was a lil mushy...blah but it was ediblethe brownsugar coated grapefruit was yum and the parfait had the yummiest fruits & granola!everyones food looked alright. the lady substituted my friends toast from steak & eggs for a bread basket for the table which didnt rock nebodys world...it was MEh bread.i expected more from the food. but service was superb!btw iono whats goin on but wen i got home i saw i did get charged the $70 on my debit now i check today and that charge is gone and now im charged $12 for cafe bellagio...wtheck?
4	Any place where I can get a lobster omelet at 5am is good in my book.
4	The Bellagio Classic Omelet is sooo goood! It has lobster, cheese, spinach and tomatoes. Definitely not your typical ham and cheese omelet. Cooked just right and the right sized portion. Our wait on a Saturday morning for 6 people was not bad at all. Our server was nice but disappeared for long periods of time. When we needed something, it was difficult at times to have someone come by and assist us. I understand they are busy, but just drop in quickly on your way to the kitchen (which is where we were seated) It really does go a long way. Another must try at this place is the Peach Bellini. MMM! Champagne blended with peach puree. Sweet, light and very refreshing!
5	First off I would like to thank Tamika for being such a wonderful hostess during those late night hours when me and my cousin would come stumbling in, usually from clubs, ready to devour FOOOOOOD! She's the bestest :DNow on to the review:For the week we were in vegas, we ate here five or six times. The food was quite good, always made to order. Occasionally, we'd throw the chefs curve balls and ask for something very specific and not on the menu (our "comfort food").. it almost always came out perfect!Several times, we wanted just a bit more alcohol to put us to sleep. Typically, this was a "Chopin long pour with sugar-free red bull." All except for one night, this was made nice and strong, just how we like it!While no it was not the cheapest option, it was certainly the most enjoyable! I mean come on, buffet's suck ass. No one wants to eat food that has been left out for so long, and no one likes the exact same food! We all have our own little preferences as to cooking style and what not, so I highly recommend you give this "Cafe" a try! Throw a curve ball at the chefs and bartenders, and you shouldn't be disappointed!Will return on our next trip, for sure!! Thanks for being our go-to spot away from home.
4	Wow...the breakfast here blew me away.  I ordered the crab cakes benedict, and it was amazing.  The crab cakes were delicious and of generous size, the eggs were poached to perfection, and they didn't over do it with the hollandaise.  It was a little interesting that they served the hash browns underneath the benedict, but nevertheless it was great.  I also had a smoothie made from mangos and peaches, and it was delectable.  Highly recommended, particularly after a late night or one with no sleep.  I appreciated the carafe of coffee they left at the table.  I also ate lunch here, and had the Cobb salad.  It was good, if a little heavy on the blue cheese.  I'd hit this place for breakfast rather than lunch.
1	On Sunday, my friends and I were at the Bellagio searching for a casual place to grab lunch - we ended up at Cafe Bellagio due to a recommendation by an employee of the hotel. After waiting twenty minutes for a table when there were plenty of empty tables in the restaurant, we were about to give up, but stuck it out. I wish we hadn't.Service was extremely slow and I thought the prices were too high for the quality of food you received. My BLT sandwich was practically inedible due to the type of bread used for the sandwich. The fries were super greasy and you could taste the oil and greasy - and not in that good way. My friends were not overly impressed with their meals and we all left feeling like we would have just been better off to going to Subway.I would not recommend eating here at all. There are so much better places on the Strip for a casual lunch.
1	After a hot day of running around and breathtaking show O, I was starving. The cafe's decor emulates a fine dinning restaurant, but the food and the service spoke otherwise. There was a short line even though many tables were available. My fettuccine alfredo was bland and creamy (not in a good way). The waiter never bothered to refill our water glasses. I constantly get the feeling that Bellagio is trying to create the "exclusive" and "better than thou" atmosphere, but at least have the goods to deserve such titles.
2	The food overall here is probably a 4 star but the service is really lacking here. I feel a little bad as well because I recommended this place to my friends. We had a big group here and the automatic service charge of 6 or more people took affect so I guess the servers were in the state of mind that "We're getting our money anyways so who really cares?".  Our food literally took about an hour or so to come. The service used to be pretty good here before. I have no clue what happened? Luckily for us we were having a good time and weren't too upset about the slow service. I ordered the Oriental chicken salad which happened to be pretty descent. I remember the Bellagio Cafe having a pretty good French onion soup as well, although it's a bit pricey at $11.I'm not sure if I will recommend coming here after this past experience.
3	My sister and I had lunch here one day because it was one of only 2 places open inside the Bellagio.  I do have to agree with other reviewers - the service was not great.  We too waited in line for 15mins when there were plenty of open tables.  It took a while once seated to be waited on but once we were our waitress was very friendly.  She messed up my sister's order (no big deal) and even offered us a free dessert to make up for it.  This is a good breakfast/lunch spot but I would not go for dinner.  It has a cafeteria feel.  Food was good and for what we were looking for it was perfect.
3	THE +'s: the breakfast foods are good. fresh squeezed juice. food quality is above average of standard vegas cafe meals. tables next to the giant window means a great view into their pool and cabana area. otherwise, you get a view into their always blooming conservatory. friendly staff. never too long a wait to get seated.THE -'s: quality of taste varies on non-breakfast items. sometimes it's fab, sometimes just okay. if you go during the busy hours (e.g. 10:30am on a saturday), food might take a good while to arrive.SUM: despite it's occasional inconsistencies, this place is an old vegas haunt for me. i'd rather pay a bit more to eat here because of the overall atmostphere than pay less and eat at a dark hole in wall (as is most cheap cafes around the strip). plus, open 24 hours. love that bit.
4	I like this place more for where it is rather than the food.  As you stand in line (if you happen to get there at a peak time) you can view the beautiful Bellagio conservatory.  The plants are gorgeous.  If you happen to get one of the prime tables on the mini balconies, then your view is of the gardens. Parts of the restaurant have a view over the Bellagio pools which are beautifully landscaped.You can play Keno while you eat (I won enough to pay for breakfast!).  Our food was good.  My mother-in-law loved the way her hot tea was served.  And it was hot! (It matter to a little old English lady, a lot.)  The place is big and don't send your kids on their own to the bathroom, they may never find you again.Our service and food were good. The fact that the setting is beautiful and it's always open bumps it from 3 to 4 stars.
3	Saw the 2+ hour buffet line and decided to try the Cafe instead. The first thing we noticed is there's natural light. They actually have windows that look out to sun ! Its away from the casino so its quit. The food is pretty good. I got the fish and chips with a sour apple tartar sauce. The crab cake, not the word cake not cakes is good but a little pricey. Overall I was happy for the money. And it was nice to have some sunlight and no casino nosie during the meal.
3	The first I have to say is DO NOT ORDER the orange juice. Better yet, look at all the prices before you order anything.Why? Because I just felt like drinking some orange juice but then it turned out to be $7.50, without any refills. The orange juice is supposedly freshly squeezed which is probably why they charge so much. However, you're better off getting some orange soda with free refills to get your moneys worth. I'm not being cheap, but damn $7.50!Anyway, if you're unsure what to order, get the Bellagio Classic which is a pretty big lobster omelet. The lobster is substantial and tasty. You might even consider sharing the platter with someone since it's so big. Another popular menu item is the eggs benedict. The presentation of the parmesan french fries was nice as well.Service was better than average and it's a great location in the Bellagio hotel. Try to get a table with a good view of the garden thing.This place was worth the try, but $30 for a meal wasn't that satisfying, especially if it wasn't a truly extravagant one.
2	It sounds like a lot of people like the French Onion soup. Well, on the contrary, my cousin wasn't satisfied with his French Onion Soup at all. He took about 3 sips and gave up on it. I don't know if he's just picky, it was a bad day for french onion soup, or it's really just not that great. I ordered the turkey pot pie. POT PIE? I love pot pies. I think it was the special of the day, so I gave it no second thought and ordered it. The first thing I thought to myself upon seeing my pot pie was, "UMMMMM, is this the right order? This looks like a croissant wannabe over a well of pea and turkey soup." Okay, I might be describing it worse than it actually is. Check out the picture I posted and judge for yourself. The presentation was nice, but wasn't at all how I imagined it. I dug into the puff pastry hoping to find lobster, but it was just more...puff pastry. =[ Boy was I bummmmmmmed. If only all the peas and turkey bits were INSIDE of the puff pastry..it didn't even taste that great, hence the 2 stars. I won't come back unless I'm really hungry at night and everything else is closed-why? It's open 24/7.
1	Doesn't really warrant any more stars than one. Seriously, I think even one is a bit too high.Nothing about this restaurant/cafe was what I expected. There was no decoration or atmosphere so to speak, yet the prices weren't at all cheap. The service not to mention the food was sub par. I literally took a bite of my food and find it difficult to finish. Avoid please. There are better places to dine in vegas.
1	SHITTY FOOD. OVER PRICED. DON'T ORDER ORANGE JUICE!!!! IT'S 7.50..WTF I CAN GET FRESH OJ AT BOUCHON FOR 3 DOLLARS. the food is grossly large and looks like it came from my university cafeteria...
2	Writing about Terrace Pointe Cafe at the Wynn made me think of this place, my former leaving las vegas haunt. For years I couldn't leave the strip without stopping here for the shrimp and artichoke salad or the lobster omelet. Unfortunately while the restaurant still appears to be the same restaurant I knew and loved its actually quite different, at least my two favorite dishes were. The omelet that was once so perfect, so filled with lobster and asparagus, you couldn't take a bite without getting some had turned into a watery mess, with only a smidgen of lobster and something green that I suppose could have been asparagus, they tried to cover for the lack of lobster and asparagus by smothering it in cheese. The omelet had small pools of water and cheese oil floating around it. The salad was equally disappointing, the previous ones fresh cuts of artichoke heart had clearly been replaced with canned ones. The former salad was also loaded down with shrimp, in fact sometimes I thought it was to much shrimp, but it was grilled with a pesto sauce so perfectly that really how could I complain, besides who complains about two much shrimp? The "bigger, better, newer salad", had 3 shrimp, delicately placed on bland crouton. I thought maybe they just put those three on top for decoration, that once I removed the over sized crouton I would find my usual bevy of shrimp. I was wrong; $18.00 bucks for soggy arugula, 3 shrimp, and bitter canned artichokes.  We tried to give the place the benefit of the doubt and visit one more time, sincerely hoping that we had just gone on an off day, unfortunately that was not the case, we found ourselves paying for a breakfast we didn't even want to finish, and then driving home grumpy about it. It was so bad the grandma in me was inspired to write a strongly worded email about the decline in quality. I was contacted by a manager, who in spite of her offer to "buy us breakfast" made it abundantly clear that not only had the standard of food quality gone down, the management at the place was also questionable. Even her in friendliness she was blatantly unprofessional and clearly had no idea what she was talking about, I had the distinct feeling I was talking to somebodies girlfriend who had been given the job as a favor.Part of the whole dining experience was the pleasure of walking through the atrium at the Bellagio, this is the only reason I gave it an extra star, however to be honest, I can remember thinking, even the atrium looks cheaper and less thoughtful than usual. They say that when the Wynn opened Steve Wynn went back to the Bellagio to hire all his former employees for the new place, I actually believe this.
4	We were starving and in search of a place for breakfast and decided to find something at the Bellagio hotel. We kept following signs and finally got to the botanical gardens where we got distracted but quickly  saw the restaurant while walking through the Bellagio botanical gardens. We checked out the menu at Cafe Bellagio looked like a good choice for breakfast!I ordered the corned hash with eggs and whole wheat toast! I also ordered coffee and was so happy that they bring out a personal coffee pot because I was just able to refill my own coffee without having to wait for the waitress! My friend ordered the french toast which looked absolutely amazing too! She ordered a large glass of orange juice (which was pricey @ $7). The service was a little on the slow side but it's because they take the time to be extra friendly!The atmosphere of the Cafe is great because it overlooks the pool and the gardens (depends where you are seated)!It really makes you feel like you are in paradise! Overall, this was a great breakfast place, just a little on the high price range but when in Vegas, eat good food and enjoy! I sure enjoyed my filling breakfast at Cafe Bellagio! I will be returning next time I'm in Vegas! :)
2	The eff is going on? I said / thought that at least 7 times while here - while waiting in the long line, waiting for our order to be taken, seeing a couple (that was seated at the same time) get their food ten minutes before us,  while waiting another ten extra minutes for our check... Granted, it was pretty busy, but it was a Tuesday morning - I hate to think how it it during the weekend.  As for the food - it was actually pretty good but  maybe that's because I was starving by the time I got it. I had the Bellagio waffle and added strawberries to it - definitely a good choice because I don't like it when my waffles don't have fruit. Syrup just isn't enough.  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=L7QmuervWX8nYzFYbZsD-A&select=YwgVHyrXUY_NmkvLWBZvggBut I stick with the two-star rating because those waffles could be purchased at almost any other cafe for less money and with better (faster) service. Plus it kept me from going back to the tables one last time - I swear I was gonna win it all back.....
3	The Bellagio cafe was ok.  I've been there before to have the stuffed french toast which I remember as amazing but I've been told even that is hit or miss.  The most recent time we went our service was nice, but the food was just ok.  My husband was not impressed with him regular french toast.  My colleague's oatmeal was nice (but really, you shouldn't be messing up oatmeal), and my omelet was... interesting.  The concept was great - bacon and cheese.  Straight off the menu.  The plate I received was covered in green.  I thought it was chives or green onions for decoration, but I found that they had cooked my omelet with broccoli inside.  Now I love broccoli, but it was not what I was expecting and it was not detailed in the description of my 'bacon and cheese' omelet... and it was packed with broccoli - tons of it!  Not only that, but it added a bland flavor to the omelet.  We were in a hurry so I didn't have time to reorder it, but I was definitely disappointed.  I'll go back for convenience, and next time I'll check exactly what is in my food, but this last trip was a bit disappointing.
4	I stayed at the Bellagio for 3 nights and 4 days.I had the French Onion Soup at Cafe Bellagio twice.Get it.  It is so good.Everything else is pretty good, not anything earth shattering...but my friend and I pulled right up to the bar and just go French Onion Soup with their freshly baked bread.  So good.
5	If you choose to eat at what they used to call, "coffee shops" (you know, the 24 hour, huge menu, breakfast all day places) then Cafe Bellagio is as nice as they come.It's so luxurious sitting in Cafe Bellagio and peering out into the Conservatory, having the aromas of the flowers and being able to see all the seasonal displays.  If you go, ask to sit close to the Conservatory, instead of in the back of the restaurant where all you get to see is Keno screen.The service at Cafe Bellagio is great; I asked specifically for watermelon on my fruit plate and the server made sure it happened (by having someone run to another kitchen to aquire some).  I would recommend Cafe Bellagio to anyone wanting to enjoy breakfast by the Conservatory, or anyone that wants a reasonably priced meal.
4	After reading all the reviews on this cafe, I must be the one who is always on a roll here! The first time I ate breakfast here was in 2004. We were seated by one of the Asst Mgrs, Michelle, and she was most inviting and hospitable. Our server continued by being most cordial and helpful.  I ordered the "Bellagio Omelette." Tasty chunks of lobster, crisp fresh asparagus, and creamy brie made for a divine eye opener.  As I have become a coffee snob, I had no complaints with the java served. I thoroughly enjoyed my time.I repeated trips to Las Vegas in the next year but finally, 12 months to the day, returned to Bellagio for the glorious omelette. Michelle was still there and remembered me by name! The server was very nice and complimented me on my definitive order. The omelette came out, I tasted it, and called for the server. I explained that thsi was not the same omelette i ordered a year ago. He questioned me, and I immediately asked for Michelle. She confirmed it was not the same omelette, and the chef decided to substitute Boursin for my beloved Brie. She went to the kitchen, returned and advised me that they had no more brie. She also said that if I came back the next morning, she would insure that I got my omelette the way I liked it, and to consider breakfast comped. Disappointed, I ordered a pouched egg with toast, and promised to come back as it would be my birthday. I came back the next day, Michelle seated me at a great table by the window, brought me a Mimosa, and toasted me Happy Birthday. She advised me that my omelette was in the works. Ah, heaven on a plate returned for the second time. Upon leaving, I went straight to the Hotel Manager and related my adventure, complementing Michelle on her handling the matter. Over the years, I have returned several times to Cafe Bellagio and have always received what I wanted. I have been fortunate in eating there and having a friend in Michelle who has nev er forgotten me.
4	First, I think we were just lucky that the place although packed, had a large amount of tables to serve the post Thanksgiving crowd.  Getting a table is as simple as the way as Cheescake handles it without the buzzer thingamajig!The line didn't take too long, the hostess sitted us on one of the quiet areas, overlooking the outside pool.  There were no Keno sheets at our tables or the Keno boards.  It was the best spot to be in this somewhat vast cafe.  It helped that there were only 2 of us but others (groups 4 or more) were also in this small room.The menu is pretty vast for a cafe and also we found that if you don't find what you want, you should ask if they can make it or change something.  Brian does not eat any meat so he changed the Eggs Benedict with spinach instead of canadian bacon (ham).  I ordered the pulled pork sandwich with the hash browns.  It was very good, it came with a nice crunchy pickle.  The food and atmosphere combined makes this a nice respite, the restaurant/cafe is just next to the arboretereum where exhibits change for the season.  We barely heard the tourists wandering in that small area from our dining area (always a plus when eating).  Pricing is typical of Vegas fare, not too expensive but not cheap either (like a buffet).  It provided us with enough food and energy to soldier on this weekend.
2	Generally a sub-par dining option for anything but breakfast. Even then, there are better dining options for breakfast in Las Vegas.I've been here for breakfast, lunch, dinner... it's always extremely slow. The service is pretty bad, the food isn't even that great.Came here for dinner the other night with a large group because it was one of the only places still open. We had comps, so we balled out on the menu. I got the filet/lobster tail/shrimp/crab cakes, chicken quesadilla, a couple of drinks. The seafood was excellent, but the steak was the worst I've had in awhile.It was cooked fine, but the cut was just horrendous. Maybe I'm spoiled with steak since I've eaten at most of Vegas' steakhouses, but the filet at Cafe Bellagio was just plain ol' bad. Overall, if someone asked me about my experience, I would tell them, "I ate dinner. Beyond that, no great shakes."Much prefer the cafes at the Wynn/Venetian/Encore/Palazzo to the Bellagio.
4	This glorified coffee shop/diner is a bit of a thrill for me, its old school... On a very busy day we were promptly seated and served by a pleasantly crusty New York ex-pat. Keno over a Coke was prompt. The food, was a notch overpriced, resulting in a one star reduction . My burger was excellent but $16. seemed a bit obtuse. My sexy sidekick had a flat iron steak that didn't draw raves, but a lot of "Mmmmms". Quick, delicious and convenient. Everything a casino coffee shop should be..
2	Not worth the wait. Here's what we experienced:1. Wait 1 hour to be seated2. Once seated, wait 20 minutes for water/drinks 3. Wait 15 more minutes to order 4. Wait 30 minutes for food Being the holidays, I would have cut them a little slack for the wait if the food was worth it. I got the crab cakes benedict and I found it dry and fishy. BF got the regular eggs benedict, which he thought was average. His cousin got a veggie omelet that was just okay as well. Maybe it was because they were so busy, but I was disappointed. I'd be willing to give it another try for the raspberry brioche french toast (sounds amazing!) and a shorter wait.
2	Having been to Vegas on numerous (work) occassions, I have come to realize that each hotel has their kind of go to breakfast spot for its guest.  Cafe Bellagio seemed to be it for that sit-down breakfast dining feel, and one can definitely tell based on the line through the garden and the wait.First, it was hard to find because the Garden was under construction, but the line should have clued us in.  It was pretty early in the morning, and the line was there.  Despite our apparent hunger, the line went pretty quickly though...let's say about 20-30 minutes waiting.We were promptly seated and actually saw a better table and requested that instead.  The host was gracious enough to accommodate our split second decision.  Our hostess was nice, and I guess at one point during the service she was either done or had a break scheduled, so she introduced us to the new server who would assist with the rest of our meal.It took us a while to figure out what we wanted, because in this place you couldn't just get a meal that included bacon, eggs, and pancakes (formerly known as a Denny's Grand Slam breakfast).  But once we were ready (one omelet and one corn beef hash plate), we still had to wait for the server to return.Sigh, stomach growling.The food came and all was well with our hunger.  I particularly found the toast perhaps the most memorable part of the meal, but did enjoy my corn beef hash.Sadly, my overall experience here at Cafe Bellagio could have been better, but it wasn't.  It was average for me, and the waiting time to actually place our orders just pushed the review a little lower than that.  Another clincher for the lower score....2 orders of orange juice (that's 2 glasses) was the equivalent price of 1 of the entrees.
2	The service sucked. Our waitress took our order and we never saw her again. We had to wave down another waiter to see if we could get our check and he said our waitress went on her break...I waited tables for years, Who the hell goes on a break when you have a table?The food was okay, service was slow.
2	hungry at 4am and trying to find inebriated friends wandering the casino floor, we stumbled upon cafe bellagio.... [x] open at an ungodly hour[x] requires shoes (don't ask)[x] service sucked[x] hot overpriced mediocre food[x] crashing back at the hotel at 6am full
3	The first time I came here, I thought the breakfast was exceptional. However, when I came back for the second time, it just didn't strike me to be as good ( it might have been the wait that killed the experience)I always get Eggs Benedict and it is very good here. I highly recommend it if you are going here.Keep in mind though, this place is worth it for a short wait, but if you are waiting longer that 15 minutes, reconsider your options... YOU'RE IN VEGAS!
1	We ate here because the line for the Buffet at Bellagio was too long, and this place had no line at all. Prices were very good too, considering this was at Bellagio. Unfortunately the food and the service was sub-par. The food was not good and barely edible. The service was just plain slow. With all of the other food options around, there is no way we would choose to eat here again.
5	I love Cafe Bellagio! I eat here every time I visit Vegas. The food is good and so is the service.The price is a little higher than most cafe's, but it is the Bellagio...Eat here! You won't regret it!
4	We had pretty good quesadilla here and the windows looked out to their Chinese Garden creation for the Chinese New Year, which was vibrant and charming. Service was okay, place was huge, nicely located though!
2	Went here for a real late night meal around 3am, it wasn't that crowded but I guess they didn't have all the tables open so I waited for about 15 mins and finally got seated. Service was kinda slow and food was mediocre - we ordered the quesadillas, spicy chicken sandwich and a burger. All just average. I can't complain too much since the meal was free, but probably would not come if I had to pay.
5	This is by far the best place to eat in Vegas..I can say first hand that I have eaten here a 10+ times and the food has always been great and consistent. People that complain about the wait or the line still seem to think the food is good....GREAT food is worth the wait and that is why this cafe has a line...For food on the strip this beats them all and the line is an indicator of its popularity.
2	YIKES! I was hoping for a better experience. We had a late dinner here and the food was not very appetizing and the service was not friendly. The only good thing is the wide selection of food at any hour. It's like a Denny's/IHOP, but pricier.
5	Fantastic French onion soup... My friend inhaled... up the soup, recommended by fellow yelpers. We got a extra one too, because the server heard us wrong. Mmmm the layer of cheese... Is to die for...Later on we found some stuff in one of our drinks... And ended up we got dessert as well... Creme brulee trio... Chocolate banana, regular topped with strawberry and raspberry.... Mmmmmm cant stop... This stop was heaven... I guess its also due to eating lunch near 4 pm
2	Food was OK. Service was slow but friendly. Nothing too fantastic here. Was good for a late night meal when nothing else is open.
3	The plan was to have brunch at The Buffet as a last hurrah before we left Vegas, but my dear dear friend was much too hungover to eat $35 of food. So we ended up here. There was a short line (15-20 minute wait?) that we got to skip because they happened to have a table for 5 ready. It's a pretty place with a view of the stunning Bellagio Conservatory and Garden, a cheerful spot for a relaxing meal if you have little attachment with your money. BUTTERMILK PANCAKES // I've been craving pancakes for weeks and these big, fluffy ones really hit the spot. Too bad I could only finish about half of it. EGGS BENEDICT // Eh, I've had better. Egg was perfect, but the sauce was just creamy and boring. APPLE/ORANGE JUICE // Why am I reviewing their juice? BECAUSE IT COST $6.50 {$7.50 for fresh-squeezed orange juice}. Yes, it was sweet and delicious, but nothing different from the $1 jug I get at Albertson's. And for six-freakin'-fifty I expect the waiter to watching my drink like a sniper. I should get a refill every time that glass touches my mouth. Did I get a single refill? No. Of course I had no idea how much the juice even cost until I got the bill so this anger is all in retrospect.
3	The view of the botanical garden is very nice. The fries are good. It's open 24/7. Those are probably the only good things I can think of for Cafe Bellagio. The service was very slow all of the times I've been here. 20+ minutes for a cheeseburger and hot wings-TO GO! Not a bad place to end up if you want to just kick it after a long night. Other than that, there are many more coffee shop type places that are better.
2	Was with a group of business colleagues for a pre-set meal. The service was excellent, but the food left a lot to be desired. Chicken Piccata was flavorless and served on a bed of pasta that was even more bland. Others shrugged off their food (steak and Cannelloni)with a "Meh, not so good." I had expected much better.  Chocolate raspberry cake was yummy.
4	every time i visit vegas, Cafe Bellagio is always on the list of places to eat.  Consistant, quality food, out party of four had virtually no waiting for lunch and we were seated by the conservatory-nice!  I always order the Bellagio Classic omlette-fresh lobster, cheese, and veggies cooked to perfection, fluffy and light accompanied by roasted tomatoes and hasbrowns. Fresh squeezed OJ will set you back $7 a glass so I opted for tea.
5	LOVE IT! A Vegas tradition, we always do at least one breakfast here. Breakfast shines, ambiance is PERFECT! You either have a beautiful view of the pool area/olive trees or the gorgeous atrium. Service is always perfect. They use REAL SILVERware! Reminds me of something so European and very cosmopolitan. Not phony, real cafe, in a real 5 star resort...
1	Came here with a group and I was only one who didn't get the burger (got the reuben). The friends who had the burgers got them at varying levels of done-ness and all of them had stomach issues the entire day. The fries were very good though
4	Came here at 4 a.m. after clubbing on a Friday night.  Had the burger, forget which one but it had bacon and cheese and was delicious.  My friends had breakfast, which I guess is popular there and they seemed to like it.
3	3.5 starsYou might be worried that with this huge and varied a menu, and the fact that the place is about around the clock, you'd be eating mediocre food. Not so. We tried breakfast and lunch here, and the food was thoughtfully prepared and presented (i.e. oatmeal was accompanied by brown sugar, raisins, and a tiny flask of milk; fruit platter was huge and perfectly ripe; ahi tuna was done just right), if not particularly imaginative. The service is attentive and professional. Most tables have views of the pool area or the Conservatory.Unfortunately, you might wait for a very long time to be seated. Once, we just gave up and left. And all the while, empty tables go begging. The hostesses are nice about it, but it's frustrating to stand there for 20 minutes for no apparent reason. It's also quite expensive for what it is. I guess when you have a monopoly on late-night dining . . .
3	The food was quite good and the service was OK. So why only three stars? Well, when I pay upwards of $40+ for a meal, I want something that's better than just "good." My veal was just not that great. I think if I had ordered something else I might be giving them a higher star count, but I have to base my review on my experience.Oh yeah, and they were "out" of the special for the day (salmon something or the other). So, if you're in the Bellagio and want a nice meal, I wouldn't avoid this place, I just think you can get more for your money if you hit one of the "actual" restaurants in the hotel-casino.
4	Came here twice during my stay at Bellagio. First time was after watching the 10pm show "O", so my boyfriend and I was there around 1am. We told them we wanted it to go because we were tired and didnt want to sit there to eat (rather go back up and eat in bed), so they sent us to the bar and we ordered there. The service was decent but still a bit slow, the bartender came and asked us what we wanted but we didnt know yet, so he left and didnt come back for a while.  The food took about 10-15 minutes. The prices are a bit ridiculous though(not the food but the add ons)... my boyfriend ordered a Bacon BBQ burger and wanted jalapenos... which cost an extra $2. He also wanted Parmesan on the cheese, which was an extra $3, and they just sprinkled a bit on it.... The to go soda was $4.50, we should have just got the soda from the Bellagio vending machines which were only $3 AND it fills up that to go cup Twice. But the food was really good. I got the buffalo wings and they really really good, it had a lot of flavor to it and the chicken was cooked perfectly. The fries were good too, if only they put more cheese on it. My boyfriend loved the burger and loved the jalapenos because it was really really spicy. The second time we came here was the next day around noon. We got seated pretty fast even though there was a line. But after our waitress took down what we wanted to drink, it went downhill... our waitress completely disappeared and another waitress had to come and ask us what drinks we ordered. After we got our ice tea, no one came to our table for a good 15-20 minutes. So I asked another waitress that we are ready to order and she just went back to setting up another table. After 5 more minutes, one of the hostess/server (don't know what she was, but she was not in waitress outfit) came and apologized and took our order (this was after I said "the food here is good but the service sucks" out loud, and the hostess/server probably heard because the computer that they enter stuff into was right next to us)We finally got to order and we got some really delicious dinner rolls with butter. And we had a good time for the rest of the meal. My boyfriend had the Spaghetti Bolognese and I had the Bellagio Penne. Didnt really like my penne because the tomatoes made it a bit sour and I didnt want that so early in the morning, but my boyfriend liked it so he traded me. The spaghetti bolognese was very yummy... too bad I was stuffed with bread... I couldnt finish it...I guess the waitress/server knew they messed up because they gave us our ice tea for free at the end.The food here is really good, the pricing for the food is reasonable but not the add ons. the service slow, so if you are in a hurry then dont come here. Normally I would give a three star for service like this, but the food was really delicious and the cafe was just beautiful.
2	I'm totally astonished this place has 3 stars, maybe I'm picky but I don't qualify powdered eggs and $7 OJ as a 3 star joint.Line was long, it always is - don't let that fool you. It's long because it's really the only breakfast place in the Bellagio. There's the patisserie which is run & go...& the Pool Cafe, which is outside (Which by the way is the exact same menu & foods for the most part).We sat at the counter so we could be seated quicker. The two waitresses running the counter were so tired & had very little help, I just plain felt bad for them. Most my guilt melted away though when I 'd ask for something & they seemed bothered by it!The omelette....I got lobster, it IS Vegas afterall. I think there was probably 6 pieces in all and the eggs were easily mass produced, the cheese had barely melted which makes me question the fat content. We ordered OJ, were shocked later that it was $7. NO OJ is WORTH $7! It's not like they were slaving away squeezing it by hand! I honestly enjoyed my toast most of all with all my little jelly jar choices along with my coffee, which was incredibly tough to get cream for.This is a produce-in-bulk-to-get-the-customers-gambling-again kind of establishment. Nothing was worth coming back for. LIke I need to wait in a line for poorly made food. 2 Stars instead of one because I didn't have indigestion or get poisoned, Whoo-Hoo for not kiling me!
5	i loved the cafe bellagio. Me and my husband ate here on our 1yr anniversary and we were dressed really nice, which was perfect for this place b/c its gorgeous. highlights of the night:                                     1.The  waiter was more than friendly2. The entrance and entire restaurant was beautiful3. Food was amazing as well as dessert(strawberry cheesecake)4. The to-go plate/box was fancy smanshy!5. Quiet and romantic6. great prices
2	Food was over rated and overpriced along with average service. I ordered the fettucine alfredo for 18.00 with a house salad (literally greens and three tomatos) for 8.00. The pasta was bland and warm?! Honestly, for Cheesecake Factory price, I would expect larger portions and better quality food. Disappointed.
4	I stayed at the Bellagio during my last trip to Vegas and me and my friends all agreed this was our favorite casual eating option in the hotel.  The service was very friendly, slow at times, but we were never in a hurry anywhere.  The food was delicious -- one of the best turkey burgers I've ever had.... and they had pretzel rolls in the bread basket!!!!!  We also liked that they had a $40 bottle of champagne on the menu which allowed us to toast to our reunion in Sin City without breaking the bank.
5	Hands down this is my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. Every time I go down there I make sure to eat at Cafe Bellagio at least once. A must have here is the penne pasta they have. BEST. PASTA. ON. EARTH. Trust me you will never taste better pasta than the penne pasta they serve here.
5	Love this Cafe. Of all the spots to eat in Vegas, this is definitely my I've-been-up-for-17-hours-gambling-and-i-really-need-a-fab-breakfast-lunch-dinner  place to go.  The service is always attentive, the prices reasonable and the food superb.  It's high quality without being snooty and intimate without the awkward. Absolutely lovely.
4	The Cafe Bellagio came in very handy for my friends and I at after a long night at the Palms. I know that food always tastes better when you have been drinking, but the food was still better than I thought it would be. I had a huge Southwest Omelette that came with hash browns. It had chicken, cheese and some jalapenos to add some spice. I am not usually a fan of hash browns, but these were good and my friend was even eating them off my plate. It appears a bit pricey as expected in the Bellagio, but the portions were big.  It is open 24 hours so it should be always an option any time of the day!
4	gorgeous dining area with an even more gorgeous view if you sit near the open walled area that looks out over the arboretum. mid-midhigh prices for mediocre food that is exceptionally prepared and catered with pretty attentive service, i mean it's the last thing you'd expect since ur in the bellagio. probably would like to come back here if im ever randomly inside this badass hotel. for my ham & cheese omelette with strawberry banana smoothie, it was well worth the price for a lavish hangover cure.
2	Ugh the food is NOT good...AT ALL. I had the misfortune of eating here twice on my trip and regretted it both times. My first meal was the "special" of the day...some sort of seafood pot pie. The description sounded delicious - full of shrimp, scallops, fish, and fresh vegetables - but was actually horrific. I couldn't eat more than a few bites it was that bad. As my boyfriend points out, there's a reason they advertise discounted seafood- to get rid of it. Of course the second time I didn't learn from my mistake and ordered the Bellagio Classic Omelet (lobster omelet) that was also gross nasty. On the upside, the hash browns were perfect and well, who can screw up toast? If you HAVE to come here (but why would you), I would recommend the french onion soup (spot on!). My bf said he loved the fish and chips, and the berry pancakes (ok I have to admit those were pretty tasty). Maybe I just suck at choosing food off the menu.
2	Nothing too special about Cafe Bellagio. Expensive for what this cafe has to offer. The gfs dish was excellent. Shrimp, rice, and some sort of cream sauce. $26 plate, well worth it.My homemade meatloaf was just a safe pick. Tasted like any other meatloaf dish I have ever ate. Props for presentation though. $17, should have paid the extra 9 for the gfs dish. Casual dining at a expensive price.
4	The food, presentation, and service are very good.  It's a little bit pricey, so I can only give it four stars.We had lunch, breakfast, and dinner during a recent stay.Our first visit was while we were waiting for our room to be readied.  Because we had an early dinner reservation, we just wanted to split a cheeseburger.  Our server didn't mind that we were sharing and even brought extra plates and condiments to make it easier.  That's a refreshing difference from places that resent sharing.We went for breakfast the next morning.  I had an excellent omelet that was nicely prepared, and Robin had pancakes that she reported were about the best ever.  My toast was a little bit cold and the portion of hash browns was a little bit skimpy, but those are very minor drawbacks.The next night we went for dinner, where I had fettuccine alfredo with shrimp, spinach, and tomatoes.  Wow!  $19 is pricey for something like that, but it was really tasty.
3	My boyfriend and I came here with his dad for breakfast before what turned out to be 3 hours of craps.I ordered an eggwhite omelette with chunks of asparagus in them. Benefits were that it gave me great energy to withstand those 3 hours of dice throwing, cons were that the taste was just meh. It wasn't anything special and I've had better omel....well I don't think you can really call an omelette better because after all it's an egg and how badly can a restaurant mess up cooking an egg. What you can mess up is on the combinations and i've had better omelette combinations at the Mandalay Bay cafe. I mean all this omelette had was asparagus which already explains why it has no flavor. It wasn't anything special or bad, but it wouldn't deter me from coming back here either. I would probably order something else next time or if I feel like being healthy and energized, order this again.
4	I love this place,  always good and always open.  You have to try the Sustainable Tuna with potatoes or the Filet Mignon its amazing.   Located in the Beautiful Bellagio Garden.  I was there just 2 weeks ago and can't wait to go back.  I have had breakfast and dinner here.  The plates are enough for two.  Desserts are perfect!!!!
2	And.....ACTION! (Couple enter cafe.....)The place is so pretty. The waiter....more than incompetent. In the words of judge Milian, he "doesn't have the common sense god gave a billy goat." Screwed up my egg order and I repeated and confirmed it with him. The toast...okay, that wasn't toast, that was a fancy rock! For $12.99 per person, we shouldn't have expected much, I GUESS, but does name and reputation mean anything. While we've not even tried Denny during our stay, I'm almost positive that it was more tasty than my side of messed up egg order and rock bread. The ambiance is the only good thing here.
3	This is more like a restaurant than a cafe. What cafe serves fillet Mignon but this is the Bellagio. Food was good and then french onion soup was really good was not salty like most restaurants. It has a wide range of food from burgers from under $10 to steak over $35. I had a comp from the casino for $70 but the waitress was cool and even when our meal went over it she just comp the whole thing.
2	Went here for the first time last weekend and it was really nice. I would say it is more of a nice restaurant than a cafe, but none the less, it was nice. I went there for lunch/brunch and the line didn't take too long. The food was all very good, the wait time wasn't too bad, and the prices were less than I expected for the Bellagio. I am not sure how dinner goes, but breakfast/lunch prices aren't bad.My only problem with the place was that the servers aren't very friendly or helpful...at all. They somewhat ignore you, none of them smile, and while she was taking our order, she kept looking around elsewhere and making inside jokes with other passing by staff members. Very unprofessional servers. I've had better servers at IHOP. At least the food made up for it. Their eggs benny, bbq pulled pork sandwiches, and drinks were tasty!If you are looking for a good place to eat for a relatively good price and can deal with not so smiley servers, then this is the place to go!
3	I had breakfast here this morning.  The raspberry brioche French toast.  It was quite good.  I got a side of sausage links.  Service was excellent.  My server, Myung, a.k.a. Cindy, was very efficient, pleasant, and helpful.  I had three items chosen as possibles and I asked her for a recommendation and she told me to get the raspberry brioche French toast.  She was right.Since I was there early, I was seated immediately.  I was alone, so I sat at the counter, but it was a relaxed breakfast.
4	My recent visit to Vegas included many trips to the Cafe Bellagio. All of these trips were delightful except one where the husband and I managed to get a bum for a waiter who didn't think it a big deal that our food hadn't shown up 45 minutes after ordering it and that he hadn't even offered us bread in the mean time. When we mentioned it to the manager she said "this is unacceptable" and stormed off, but didn't offer us any form of compensation nor did she update us on when our food would be arriving.That said, all other visits were sublime. Great service, good food, and for a fancy pants hotel like the Bellagio, pretty good prices. The French toast is delicious, the cobb salad pretty great, and the omelet tasty.All in all, if you're in the Bellagio and want to pop in I say go for it! What are the chances you'll get the weirdo we had for a waiter?
3	We ate here twice, once for lunch and the following day we came back with friends for dinner.  Lunch was outstanding, good service and great food.  I had the Wednesday daily special and it was delicious.  My wife had the chicken piccata and loved it enough to order it again the next night.Dinner on Thursday night managed to knock off two starts.  We were seated quickly enough, the waiter came to take our drink orders and disappeared for a while.  The food finally arrived after a lengthy wait.  The waiter dropped it and ran.  I asked for another glass of wine that never arrived.  In fact we never saw our waiter again for over 45 minutes.  He never came back to check how the food was or to see if we needed anything else.  Never.  Finally we asked to see the manager who arrived 20 minutes later and listened to our complaints but really didn't seem interested in doing anything about it.  They offered to comp our drinks but the waiter never came back to take any drink orders (other than my glass of wine which never arrived) so that was a no go.So the five of us left rather irritated with the poor service, this is the Bellagio after all!  On the upside the food we were served was outstanding, it just takes a while to be served and order your drinks early, they may never come.
3	Nothing is open restaurant wise in the Bellagio after 10:30pm so since B. wanted food we had to go to Cafe Bellagio.Had to wait forever for a table even though there was plenty of empty tables.  B. got a Caesar Salad w/ chicken & said it was ok.I liked the FREE butter mints individually wrapped near the register on the way out.  Grab a bunch when you're there!
4	An enjoyably quiet place to grab a bite between marathon gambling sessions.  The smoothies are an excellent hangover cure.  It's inexpensive in comparison to neighboring restaurants, and has a good view of the Bellagio's seasonal conservatory.
4	Angus Burger was an 8 out of 10 and the prices are not bad for a restaurant inside a prime hotel.. French Fries get cold and hard super quick so eat them first.
3	This is my 4th or 5th time here in the last couple of years. It's a lovely place with views of the pool but the food is just average. Cafe Bellagio works if your main goal is just to consume food and enjoy surroundings. Is a place good when the sides outshine the main dish? I got the Bellagio Classic omelet which consisted of Maine lobster, asparagus, tomatoes & cheese. It also came with a side of hash browns, a roasted tomato and toast. The omelet was rather bland. The hash browns were wonderful: crispy and not dry. The wheat toast with butter and strawberry jam was also delicious: perfectly toasted and chewy inside. The orange juice was also very good.
3	We ate here for breakfast. The service, including seating, is pretty slow and they don't check up on you during the meal. I ordered eggs benedict, as always. For a $15 dish, the portions were really small. It was good but I didn't think it was worth what I paid. My mom and her friend ordered the omelet and split it. The omelets are very large so if you are looking for more bang for your buck I'd get those. As other people mentioned, get a table where you can see the Conservatory, but watch out for the birds that nest there and will fly in. The tables inside the restaurant are really close together. I felt sorry for the people next to us who had to hear my mom's conversation! Everything was just average and I wasn't wowed by the service or the food.
3	My friend gets free stays at the Bellagio.  He invited me for breakfast.  I said I don't have the bank account to even be inside Bellagio.  He said it's okay and he'll put it on the room tab.  Alright.  We start off with some crab cakes and that was pretty bomb!  Not going to lie.  I then ordered an omelette that was huge.  Service sucked.  They saw two college looking individuals and assumed we weren't going to tip or pay even.  Expensive, but good food I would say.
3	The cafe is a good substitute for the buffet they have in the hotel.  Their food is decent and the price is reasonable.  I had their Strawberry Colada Smoothie which basically tasted like a virgin pina colada with strawberries in it. Yum.  I had the Maryland Crab Cake Benedict which was mediocre at best.  I just wish they hadn't crammed the crab cake in between the ham and the eggs because it made the crab cakes all soggy and not crispy.  I like to "crack" into my crab cakes, but sadly I was unable to do so.  The crabcakes itself tasted okay.  Not the best I've had, but not the worst either.  I really liked their bread basket, though! Their pretzel breads were so cute and yummy! My friends and I ate them with mustards as if they were real pretzels.
4	Best reuben sandwich I have ever had.  It is nice to get a table with the conservatory view.
4	Convenient location and great service!Food is ok, very typical cafe food menu and quality.We were there early morning and had less than 30 mins for the entire breakfast from ordering to be done.  No problem! the wait staff speeded everything up for us and let us catch the tour bus on time.  Very impressive!
4	We always wrap up our Vegas trips with a breakfast/brunch at Cafe Bellagio.  The food is always good and the prices are pretty reasonable for a resort breakfast on the strip.The service at the Bellagio Cafe is effecient - the wait staff is very busy and running around all the time, but manage to make sure that you get your order in a timely manner.The breakfast and lunch items on the menu are pretty standard and well done.  A don't miss on the breakfast menu is the 1/2 grapefruit - it's coated with brown sugar and tastes amazing!  I also had the spinach and applewood eggwhite omelet which was very good but I couldn't finish the entire dish.  I still walked away having my appetite quenched and enjoyed the quality of the food.Next Vegas trip... I'll be back again!Just a tip - if you get there before 10am the line is usually much shorter.  They do manage to get you seated pretty quickly regardless.
4	I've eaten at Cafe Bellagio more times than I'd like to admit, but, to its credit, I have yet to walk away with an unsatisfactory experience.  And while it's probably slightly more expensive than some of its peers, it is probably the best 24-hour resort dining spot in the city.When I'm there for breakfast I tend to do my own mixing and matching so that I can get pancakes, eggs, and some bacon or sausage on the side.  Admittedly, this is very "Denny's" of me, but I'm always surprised there isn't a pancakes and eggs combination on the menu.  I've also been pretty happy with the Eggs Benedict.  I am less of a fan of the Corned Beef Hash, but I've also yet to find a restaurant that makes a solid version of that dish.I would probably pass on the TIger Shrimp Cocktail unless you were really jonesing to satisfy your shrimp cocktail fix.  It consists of four or five large--but not especially or monstrously large--shrimp and the requisite cocktail sauce.  Of the entrees, I really like the Spaghetti Bolognese and was also pleasantly surprised when I took the server's advice and got the Sauteed Tiger Prawns (no, it wasn't with the shrimp cocktail).  On the latter dish, the garlic cream sauce went very well with the aromatic rice.Above all, what I really like about Cafe Bellagio are the iced-tea ice cubes for the iced tea to prevent your drink from diluting as the iced cubes melt.  Once upon a time, I think they also offered a liquid sweetener for iced tea, but I haven't seen that on my recent trips.Service is pretty standard.  Usually the cafe is adequately staffed, but if you happen to be dining at an odd hour (like 4am, for instance) and it is a little bit busier than normal, things can take a lot longer.  They do seem to manage the rush very well, though, dishes come out of the kitchen at a pretty quick pace.  Also, a line pass is very nice convenience for the few times during the day when the line to get a table becomes pretty long.
5	Have been going to Cafe Bellagio for a number of years every time we're in town, and it doesn't disappoint. The whole experience is just wonderful, way above average for what you think of when you think about a 24-hour cafe in a Vegas casino. We've gone for breakfast, lunch and dinner - never had a bad meal. The service is always excellent and the food is delicious. On our last trip I discovered the breakfast item not to be equaled, the bananas fosters waffle. Perfection on a plate. It is simple, you get a waffle topped with bananas and warm, scrumptious fosters sauce. The waffle is the perfect size, you don't need anything on the side, just the waffle and a cup of coffee (or a Bellagio Cocktail as the case may be...) and you are set.Sometimes there's a line to get in, but it moves along nicely. Even when they have been pretty packed, the service has been outstanding. Is it pricey? Yes. It's Bellagio on the Las Vegas Strip, it's going to be pricey. But you certainly get what you pay for.
2	I went here with a couple old co-workers from Austin, TX (they made an impromptu visit....gotta love Vegas!). They were starving and were at the Bellagio so we decided to give the cafe a whirl. It wasn't good for the prices. My bacon, broccoli and cheddar omelet was dry (don't ask me how you make an omelet dry). The cheese looked old as well. I don't like to whine but if I am paying $15 for eggs...I would like them to taste pretty good. The bright part of the evening was Eric, our server. He was really funny with a dry sense of humor. His service was impeccable and in no way does my two star rating apply to him. He was top notch...but I probably won't be back (at least for an omelet).
4	Cafe Bellagio is a casual restaurant tucked away in a corner by the Conservatory. The establishment itself is very casual yet elegant, and it's open 24hrs!! That's so awesome. I usually make two to three trips to this place during a weekend in Vegas. The first time I came here, I ordered their Thursday lunch special (I think it was veal or lamb) and it was melt-in-your-mouth delicious. I was hooked. On subsequent visits, I ordered raspberry french toast brioche and berry parfait, both were yumm-o!. The presentation of the food was very nice, portions were decent, but the food a bit overpriced, which I expected because it's Vegas and it's the *Bellagio* for goodness sake. Service was attentive though it can get a little spotty during peak hours but that did little to ruin my experience here at the cafe.
3	Popped in here after hanging out at one of Bellagios bars, we checked out the little cafes they have near the stores...Cafe Gelato and Cafe Palio, we just wanted a little bite and was taken aback  when I saw $10 for a tiny sandwich, so we decided to try the sit down Cafe Bellagio. We were shocked there was a line to get in at 10:00pm, the restaurant looked pretty empty. The wait was short, all of their staff was friendly and helpful.2 of us got the French Onion Soup...the bowl was a little small ($8.50) but it was delicious soup with lots of flavor, topped with tons of cheese. My friends got a cheese omelet  and the thai chicken salad, they thought they were average in taste and the quantity of food.We did get two baskets of fresh baked rolls, they were full of bready goodness, we finished both baskets, I could sit there and just eat there rolls and butter and I'd be a happy camper.
3	After a night of partying, my sister and I was hunger and this is the closes to us so we decided to come here... it wasn't busy but we waited at least 10-15 mins to be seated.... the food was good and the price was ok.. If you wanted something cheaper then this is not the place to go.  The services was good and it is 24 hr which it is good.
4	Always a yummy meal! My husband and I find this to be our go to place for a quick tasty , casual meal when in Vegas.They offer some of the best breakfasts I have ever eaten. It doesn't matter if you go for breakfast or a snack at 4 am the food is always hot, fresh and the service is good. The only downside can be the line up!
3	Standard fare. Great burger. Crab cake was okay.
3	The Cafe Bellagio is one of the more casual restaurants in the Bellagio Hotel. My wife and I were looking for a late evening meal.  Situated at the end of the garden court we found a short line of customers, but the floor looked full.  The hostess offered seats at the counter and our stomachs said, "Yes"!  This was a fortuitous decision and a suggested option if it's available to you.  The service was very quick and personable by our waiter, James.  The food is basically Americana, but the menu was pretty varied and offered some "healthy" options.  My wife had a burger and I tried one of their wraps.  Both of our selections were good.   James was super attentive and made the meal enjoyable.If you're looking for a straight forward meal, the Cafe Bellagio is a good option.  If it's busy, try the counter.
4	This place had a huge line to get a table for brunch Sunday morning.  We were seated within 10 minutes though, because the line moved quickly.  The service was phenomenal!  Our only concern was the burnt coffee, which they quickly replace with a new pot once we let the server know.I really enjoyed the traditional eggs Benedict.  My friend ordered the BLT which was huge, seriously, I think it was equivalent to an entire baguette sliced lengthwise!  Great food for a considerable value considering it Vegas and the Bellagio.  I'll we return soon.
4	We ate at Cafe Bellagio before we went to see Ka.We ordered the Chicken Chopped Salad and the Thai Chicken Wraps, both were excellent.  We were kind of pressed for time and the waitress was taking her sweet time even when I asked for the check.Overall, a good experience and would recommend.
3	Meh. Soso.  It's one of the less expensive options at the Bellagio, but still a pretty penny for salads, sandwiches and burgers.  There wasn't a huge variety or options for food.  Among the 6 of us we just tried various salads and burgers.  I had the Cobb salad and the bacon was REALLY crunchy.  He had the turkey burger and the texture was kinda rubbery.  We did score a great table however, right near the Bellagio Spring display so the sunlight from the skylight and view was nice.  The service was good and friendly.  I guess it's a nice option for a casual lunch.
4	The food was good and it was open late.  Major stars for that!  One star off for the cost.  It was waaaay too dear for what we got and that came as a surprise.
4	I really like this spot, definetely a great late night spot. I recently ate here with some friends and had an awkward couple stare at us while they ate silently without saying one word! The entire meal! Weird people in Vegas. Anyways the food was good and I like the decor and service.Cornedbeef hash with poached eggs is great 5 in the morning.
2	Friendly service. Always a pleasure walking thru the Bellagio.  Its overpriced here which is the norm in Las Vegas. Thats not the problem. The problem here is the food is weak. From portion to presentation to flavor.  We got in late nite and wanted to grab a light bite. Had 2 salads and a lettuce wrap tizer.  Lame. Not bad. but not enjoyable.  If you want to spend $15-17 for a salad, and $13-15 for an appetizer, you can do a lot better in this town..eveven late nite. Take a cab to Venetian and go to Grand Lux Cafe.  Worth $20 round trip cab ride, plus will be cheaper too.
3	The food was fine but not good enough for the price. Like most places in bellagio, the service was subpar. What you are paying for is a decent meal next to the atrium.
4	I love this place. Upscale 24 hour restaurant in Bellagio. Best french onion soup ever!!
4	Cafe Bellagio has a wonderful view and looks clean. The atmosphere is just relaxing. The servers are friendly and our orders were taken quickly. I usually order eggs Benedict when I eat here. Ask for more hollandaise sauce if you want more flavor. The NY steak and eggs is also tasty and filling. There may be a wait during peak hours. If you are gold and above for mlife... Little to no wait :) Don't forget to take the mints on the way out!**This is the updated portion:I bumped this place up from 3 to 4 stars since I LOVE the Cheddar Bacon Burger (I forget the EXACT name). Hands down, best burger I've ever had (and I've had burgers in many states, including the mid west)
4	Very good for with large portions. Worth the money.
1	My friend and I came here before leaving home from Vegas like two years ago? The place was pretty packed so it looked like a type of place I'd want to eat at. Hmm, we scoped out their menu, sounded decent. I just expected some good cafe entrees. I ordered some pasta, I don't even the remember the name but all I know is it was $20 and it was gross. My friend ordered a deli sandwich, It was gross also. We ordered French Onion Soup. That brought back traumatizing memories..... I don't even want to get started. it was such a tease. It looked so good from the top with all that cheese but right when you get inside of it.. Ew. the soup was so salty and watery. It was our first time having french onion soup, I don't know if that's how its suppose to taste like but if it is, I hate it! End of story.
3	The line for the Buffet at the Bellagio was too long (had a flight home to catch!), so off to Cafe Bellagio we went.The place was big, but I guess all Vegas restaurants are, and nicely decorated.  My friends ordered the eggs benedict and I had the penne pasta with sun dried tomato and substituted the chicken for shrimp.  The service was okay...  We had to ask 3 times to get our water and watched her do everything but get us water.  My friends considered getting it themselves. They seemed ok after that.The pasta I ordered was pretty good and my friends enjoyed their eggs benedict.  All in all, I think the Bellagio needs a casual eatery (or casual anything for that matter) and this is as close as it gets (I suppose $30 for pasta, oj, tip and tax is as cheap as Bellago gets.)  Does the trick. 3.5 stars.  It does the trick and tasted good enough but I feel like I should save 4 stars for places I am a little more enthusiastic about...
5	My first trip to Las Vegas with my husband. We came here in 2009 after walking the entire strip. We were exhausted so we came to Cafe Bellagio to have some lunch. It is gorgeous inside, we had a table with a view of the Conservatory. I had a tandoori chicken flatbread sandwich with french fries. It was delicious! I would definintely come here to eat again. The line was pretty long to get in. We waited about 25 minutes but it was definitely worth the wait! I have nothing but good memories at the Bellagio!
3	We couldn't wait in line for 1.5 hours for the buffet due to planes. So we did this. From the outside looked fancy. inside, it was a step up from Perkins. It was thoroughly decent though - all the food was good for what it was and the prices were reasonable by Vegas standards.
4	Raspberry Brioche French Toast for me... sweet and delicious breakfast for dinner works!Meanwhile, across from me my Dad ate really good homemade meatloaf with mashed potatoes-- a enormous portion and it too was super tasty.Yes- this is basically the "coffee shop" type place in the fancy Bellagio- But we found it to be a great spot for dinner.
4	ate here twice during our recent visit.Once at 2 am and once at 9 am.The 9 am visit was definitely the better experience.Quiet place, very friendly service.The menu is somewhat limited compared to so many other possibilities like buffets, but for a sit down quick meal it was great.
3	Not wanting to fight a buffet line or the high prices of other Bellagio restaurants I was recommended Cafe Bellagio. I asked my server for a light lunch that wasn't a salad and was recommended the chicken tenders appetizer. At some restaurants the chicken tenders would be a meal. At Cafe Bellagio, this was 2 and half chicken strips.... for 10 dollars. Not exactly the meal I was thinking it would be. I decided to give the deserts a try. They have a really cool three way creme brule that is hazelnut, pistachio, and vanilla creme brule. It was a great way to have desert because there was a variety and it was pretty good.If I go back, it might just be for desert. Great atmosphere though. Very comfortable. And outside of a weak recommendation, the staff was all nice and attentive.
3	I think the steak and eggs were good, but they were definitely expensive at $20. I know, I know... I can find $5 steak and eggs around here somewhere, but it was 4:00 in the morning and I'm staying at this hotel. Nothing is cheap here. The 3-star rating is an overall rating of price, quality, and service. If I broke it down, I would say 2 stars for price, 4 stars for quality, and 4 stars for service.Disclaimer: I was a little drunk, so my taste buds and perception of service may have been miscalibrated. It's like when you're drunkenly hitting on that hot girl at the bar, and you totally think she's into you, but she's actually making fun of you and you just can't figure it out.
1	I have a few regrets in life, and going to Cafe Bellagio was one of them!I had to eat somewhere fairly quick to catch a show, so we went here.Service was terrible from the start.  We wanted a table that was open next to the atrium.  We waited 15 mins just for someone to clean the table.  TERRIBLE.Food - pretty bad.  Also, no joke $4.50 for a gd soda!!!!! Of the thousands of dining options in Vegas, there is no reason why anyone should come here.EWW YUCKY POO POO
4	I've been here twice for brunch with a group of friends, both times we sat at a table facing the garden area, which was a nice inside/outside view of the place.The food is pretty good, the first time I had the Turkey burger w/ fries & the second time I ordered the Eggs Benedict. Some of  my friends had the salads, steak & potatoes, etc. Good food selection & price.
3	Seeing is that the buffet at Bellagio was busy during lunch, our friends decided to opt for the next possible place, which was the Cafe.  Now, as I see it, this cafe in particular shouldn't be as big as other cafe's that I tend to think of, in terms of size.  But alas, I was wrong.We sat down fairly quickly, but had to wait quite a while for water and even longer before we got to order our dishes.  I ordered a burger with cheese and bacon which wasn't too bad.  I mean, once we received our food, the bad thoughts and assumptions went away.  Though the fact of waiting for bread and water for a long while still sticks out in my opinion; this could probably factor in with the fact that I was really hungry and didn't have anything to eat before 2pm.Oh well.
3	This place is a great option for people who neither want to eat a buffet nor drop a ton of $ for lunch/dinner. Very typical cafe fare. I recommend the spaghetti bolognaise -- a yummy surprise! The tuna sandwich was mehh. Fries were terrific. Our server, an old gentleman, was nice and helpful.
3	Pros:Seated quickly for Sunday Brunch at rush hour (noon!)Food was great - especially the french fries.Ambiance - beautiful restaurant overlooking a courtyard in the Bellagio hotel.Cons:Service was terrible. We had to ask for a diet cokes, waters, and coffees multiple times before everyone in our party actually had a beverage at their place setting.Slow.... it took awhile for the food to make it's way to us, but maybe it was because we were a group of 8?
2	Stumbled in around midnight (because we were tired yet starving!) and ordered the angus burger and the portobello mushroom burger.The good: fries. Maybe it was all that sodium we craved since losing it all sweating in that 108 degree heat all day, but those things were tasty!The not-so-good: the rest of it. The angus burger looked pretty delicious, but was pretty flavorless. For some starving, tired and probably irritable dude and his girlfriend, it did not come through at all. The portobello burger was better, but still sort of blah.We left full, however, so 2 stars!
4	If you tweak the menu items when you order (and ignore the server's eye roll), this place can serve some pretty healthy food, which is hugely appreciated given all the other artery clogging butter infused food in Vegas. My salad was an enormous pile of veggies and chicken (made sure to get the super heavy dressing on the side), and the omelette was also nice since we asked for it to be just egg whites. Price including tip/tax is about 20/pp, so not too bad for some good healthy food.
3	Breakfast is excellent and reasonably priced in the Cafe Bellagio. The service was good, so in a week trapped in this ugly hotel, I think I ate breakfast here about 3 times. My favorite is their thick cut bacon. Whatever you order, get the bacon. It's not greasy, just good. The ambiance is like Monet meets IHOP. Pastels and booths.....rather odd, but the whole property is full of eccentricities.
2	It was open late night. The spread of choices were pretty decent. I got the Bellagio Penne. It was not bad and the price was okay. Nothing to rave about, but not so bad a place to avoid. If nothing else is open, there is this place. The service was spot on. Sit at the bar for faster service.
3	went here at 5am for a post-clubbing burger. A burger with fries and a glass of water cost me 18 bucks (which included a 20% tip). Service was great, but food was mehhhh...but what can you expect at 5am with a bunch of other drunkards around u? :P
3	decent food, service was slow our waiter stopped twice once to take the order and another time to pick up the check, the busser did all the work.
2	Over priced drunk food.  When coming back to my hotel after 13 hours of drinking at 4 in the morning, it was ok but not great.  During the day, please.... Go somewhere else.They just have a captive audience - this is one great indication that the Bellagio is going down hill.Poor tourists, there are tons of other places!
4	I love the cobb salad. Great chicken, avocado, bacon and blue cheese. Amazing.
3	Don't come here sober. On the other hand if you are suffering from a hangover and searching for a breakfast spot, do come here, somehow i found it very satisfying under such circumstances. Part of the reason might be the food but really i think it is the conservatory and botanical gardens you have to walk through to get to the restaurant that makes you think you are Alice in Wonderland and puts you in a good mood. items that I've tried that are worth mentioning: Raspberry brioche french toast, crab cake benedict, southwestern and garden omelet. Again, none of the food is amazing but if you happen to find yourself there...
4	been here for breakfast and dinner.their crab omlettes are delicious and to die for. dinner is also good too. I got the penne, which was MEH. i wish i could have gotten something else. but the girl got seared ahi tuna with rice cake and bok choy. she said it was phenomenal.
3	Finally, a yummy portabello mushroom sandwich. It would have been better without the copious amounts of French's mustard, but I'll forgive it. Casual atmosphere, but it felt like IHOP in many ways. It's ok, but I probably wouldn't exert much effort to come here again unless I was really hungry and it was right in front of me.
2	Service is extremely slow and the food is nothing special.  It seems convenient until it takes 2 hours to have breakfast.....Not a fan!
1	Sevice... what service? Got to the "wait to be seated" sign and without anyone in front of us waited 10 minutes. We called someone and got seated. Nobody showed up for the next 10 minutes although they were not busy.  Got up and left.... unnoticed!
4	we go here every Vegas trip...just once, since it's usually over $100 for four people.  this trip, we had an excellent time here.  server was EXCELLENT and professional.  He musta filled my water a dozen times...and whenever my water is never empty, that always equals a big tip.  my hubby and friend got their Thursday night special:  fried chicken.  they loved it...and he kept going "yum....yum....yum" -- so worth the $19.95 price.  i got pancakes and a salad...and the pancakes were to die for...amazing.  if you've never been here...go at least once...as you won't be disappointed.
1	Disgusting. Overpriced.We came here at 12AM since it was the only thing open in the near proximity.I got pasta, and the fork tarnished on my hand while I twirled it. The service wasn't the greatest.I'll never come back here again, no matter how hungry I am or how late it is.Save your money and time- go to McD.....
3	Cafe Menu. Steaks, Sandwiches, Salads. @ the Bellagio.We came here like around 3am, service was fast, the staff was pretty attentive, the food was delicious. I can't really say much about the day, only eaten here once. Price was right for my palate, serving was decently large, lighting was a bit dim for my taste. It's like Denny's, the Bellagio version. Expensive, nothing special, nothing to look forward to. But it's a decent eat out spot after hours.
5	Came here 2 years ago when my boyfriend and I went to Vegas together... I ate maryland crab cakes benedict at 4AM with him... and... I... fell... in... LOVE! Seriously. Came back to Hawaii... and constantly craved these damn delicious crab cakes. Ask him. He'll tell you. So... when my girls trip plans were to Vegas... I KNEW I had to hit up this spot... HAD TO... had to get my fix!Partied at the clubs on Saturday night... slept in till 10AM Sunday, woke up, and headed straight for Cafe Bellagio. My friends weren't as hung over as me so they were up early shopping on the strip... so I ate solo at the counter/bar... service from my waitress was fast, friendly, and efficient. The bartender kept my drink refilled. No complaints there. I ordered my crab cakes benedict and waited... and waited... and waited... it was awfully busy that Sunday at noon... and it felt like I waited forever... but it was SO worth it... SO very worth it... When it arrived... it was as if... a white light was above my head and angels were singing. Maryland crab cakes, covered with hollandaise, poached eggs, hash browns, and a side of ketchup. I took my picture (good thing I remembered!)... and dug in. First bite... heaven. Yes, heaven. Oh how I wanted the food to last forever. You may be at the point where you're thinking I have issues... LOL well that's fine with me because until you've tried this dish... you'll never truly  understand what I'm talking about. Absolutely delicious. I was so sad (and full) when I was done. Yes, it's pricey. I paid $29 for my plate, an iced tea, and tip. But hey, I'm in Vegas!!! What the hell?! AND it's SOOOO GOOD!!! Cafe Bellagio... I will be back... trust me... and you better have my maryland crab cakes benedict!
2	Food wasn't bad, but the service and price were. It shouldn't take 30 minutes and $16 to get a cheeseburger... seriously. I know it's part of a tourist resort, but come on... $4 soft drinks?
2	Out of the 4 dishes I've tried, only one was above average. The rest was pretty average food for premium prices. It didn't matter that the portions were massive because the quality was lacking. We ordered:Reuben - delicious! Just the right amount of meat & sauerkraut with buttery grilled bread. The onion rings that came with were fresh made and delicious as well.Bellagio's Classic Omelet - omelet with green peppers, tomatoes and lobster. There was barely any lobster and when I find one, it was rubbery and tough. The egg was blah and underseasoned. Hashbrowns were ok though.Banana Foster waffle - way too sweet. It was like eating a mouthful of sugar at every bite... Smoked salmon w bagel - The smoked salmon was OK but not great.. not the best quality and a teeny bit slimy. Came w cream cheese, onions and capers.Service was OK. There was no need for refills since a huge coffee thermos that is filled is placed right on the table.
4	This review is for drinks only ----So after walking up and down the strip for two hours my feet needed and extreme rest.  Cafe Bellagio was the perfect choice for a quick pick me up.  I had the Robusto, which was an intresting cocktail made with XO Cafe Patron.  It was very tasty.  The service is really nice too, so I suggest stopping by!
1	Bad service from the second we walked into the doorway :( waitress took forever to bring food and free bread . Food was pricey and we just ordered starters . My soup wasn't all that great , I enjoy Disneyland soup more lol! Don't come starving
4	Lunch was delicious.The flavor and temperature was right on! Waiter loved to talk to people so took awhile to order and he would forget what we asked for. The bus person was very attentive. Great lighting and view.
3	We head to the cafe before going up to our room every night for middle of the night snack or breakfast. Good food, attentive wait staff, reasonable price.
4	Good service *does* exist in Vegas.  Went with hubby's family to Vegas and ate brunch with the whole group at Cafe Bellagio.  Not only did they set aside a whole section for our group (a relief because we were large and had 6 loud kids and a baby with us); but they treated us to impeccable service.  Our server was awesome and very attentive; at one point my nephew changed his mind about what he wanted to drink after they brought it out, and they changed it immediately, no problem and no charge.  This was not expected but very much appreciated, as of course the rest of Vegas only tolerates kids.  Hubby and I both ordered the Cafe Benedict and it was delicious, as were the hash browns.  Orange juice was fresh-squeezed.  Ambiance was lovely.  I'd eat here again for a nice brunch near the lovely gardens.
4	I'm sorry Cafe Bellagio, I was so wrong. I thought you would be pricey and low quality. I was expecting terrible service. I thought the location would dominate your service quality.  I was expecting your servers not to care.I was wrong. You were good to me. Forgive me!
4	First of all, it's just a coffee shop.  Never mind that bacon and eggs is $14 -- that's just the Bellagio where all food is expensive (see if you can find where they hide the $9 hot dogs).  Cafe Bellagio is a standard Las Vegas resort coffee shop.  They do the same kind of food as everywhere else, they are open 24/7, the atmosphere is casual, etc. etc.  So what do you expect?Actually, you can expect quite a great deal here.  First, the approach is through the Bellagio conservatory and that's worth a visit in itself.  Second, its attractive, clean, and inviting, and the service is better than average (for a coffee shop).  But, even though the menu is just what you would expect, the execution in the kitchen is thoroughly competent -- they make the stuff right.  So it comes out hot, tastes good, and leaves you satisfied.This is the only coffee shop I have ever rated 4 stars.  But those of you who give it 5 stars -- come on, get a life.  It's only a coffee shop.
2	Late night thanksgiving, only thing open was cafe Bellagio, the dealer told me she ate there once and it was pretty good. So why not give it a try. Here's what we ordered1. club sandwich with fries2. chicken fingers3. meatloaf4. a soda and an ice teathe bill was $65.00 after tax and tip, what a rip off for a glorified Denny's.If the food was exceptional I wouldn't care but the fact that it probably tasted worse than a typical all nighter coffee shop made it worse. Oh ya the drinks we ordered a soda or ice tea costs $4.50per drink yes that's $4.50 for 1 coke.I go to Vegas all the time but talk about a rip off. Folks unless you got cash to burn for horrible food save yourself few bucks and go to a real Denny's or off the strip where you'll spend 1/3 of the price for better food. Or better yet walk across the street and go to Planet Hollywood to Earl of Sandwich for like $5.00  and enjoy a real good meal.
3	I was not a fan of this place two years ago.  For some reason I thought it was hugely overpriced.  The ambience isn't as great as some other Vegas restaurants, but they don't mess with classic dishes.  Also, it wasn't nearly as expensive as I had imagined.  My party of four, though waiting over a half hour at Serendipity 3, only had to wait 10 minutes to get into this place.  Would definitely go here again for breakfast or lunch (meals that are standard, cheaper, and easy.)
3	There is nothing special about this place except the fact that it's open 24 hours. After a late flight, we were exhausted and hungry so we came here to just enjoy a sit down restaurant. There were only a couple of tables taken but for some reason we were put on a waiting list. After about 15 minutes we were seated and waited another 5 minutes for our waitress. i kept looking around at how deserted the place was and asking where the heck everyone was. She finally showed up and we ordered the following:WaterIced Tea ($3.95)Thai steak salad ($19)Bacon Cheeseburger  and french fries ($16)The food was just A-OK and the ambiance/decor isn't really that great to make up for the prices but Cafe Bellagio was open and near our hotel. We had to ask another waitress for our check and waited another 10 minutes to get it. Overall, I would only eat here again if I was starving and everything around me was closed.
3	Had "Linner" meal with the family. Very convenient and tasty meal. Price Is reasonable for Vegas/Bellagio. Enjoyed meatloaf while family had french onion soup and shrimp salad. Overall a great experience at descent value.
3	Morning after yet another epic night in Vegas, time to go home, but everyone is hung over and hungry, so Cafe Bellagio it is. I ordered the Bellagio Classic which has lobster, tomatoes, asparagus, and cheese in it. Also came with a side of Hash Browns and some toast of your choice. It was ok, add some tapatio onto it and it became delicious. I wanted some coffee, but little did I know that it was like $5 bux, but the waitress did leave the pot on the table, so I made sure to get my share of a caffeine fix.
4	Food:  Five stars.  Southwestern omelette very good.  Cafe Benedict excellent per my wife as she was making groaning in pleasure noises as she ate. Cleanliness: 5 stars, no problems in the dining area, very clean. Service:  2 stars.  This was our only issue.  It took a while for our waitress to acknowledge us, but once she did everything pretty quickly.  The drinks came, food came, but everything seemed so rushed.  There seemed to be a disconnect between our waitress and her job.   The waitress gave us our food without much care. It came with a couple of mini jars of jelly.  After she left she came back and reached over us while we were eating to grab one of the jelly jars because she apparently gave us the wrong flavor. Kind of awkward.  She gave us our bill while we were still eating which we paid after a while with our card and continued to eat.  We signed the bill, but left it on the table where she couldn't reach it, or so we thought,  because we were still finishing up and sipping coffee. She reached over us to get the bill anyway. Bottom line is we felt rushed from the time we arrived and didn't  appreciate it. View:  5 stars.  Awesome.  Whether you're by the window over looking the pool or by the garden. The garden was the Chinese new year theme and was unbelievable.Would have given it 5 stars except for the service.
2	Had dinner with the wife - I got the Bacon Burger. It was almost as much as one might expect from a $20 hamburger. The service was uncharacteristically spotty.
2	the wait was long. ordered the lobster omelette and crabcake something. wow, don't even remember, that's not a good sign. I'm particular about my crabcakes. Not too much bread crumbs, that's good, but the crab was all shredded. I'm looking for lumps! Had a mimosa, that they forgot. I don't think i need to go back ;/
5	Great seating was surely a plus! We had a view of the conservatory/botanical garden. I have the bacon cheese burger. It has to be the best burger I have ever had. Our waiter was great and they kept our water glasses topped off.
3	It was good, but nothing amazing. I would expect something more from such a nice hotel. Picasso, Prime and the other restaurants at the Bellagio were so amazing that this seemed like it was a bit of an afterthought. Nothing stood out as far as the menu goes... But nothing was bad. It is, however, the most affordable option to sit down and eat at the Bellagio.
5	Great Food Nice ServiceHosts were Great!!!
3	I usually visit the Bellagio Cafe for breakfast when I stay there.  I love the waffles.  It is absolutely the most tasty waffles ever.  The only reason they get a 3 star from me is because the service staff is not as friendly as other Bellagio restaurants.  I hate to say it, but they don't seem like they enjoy working there.  To me, a friendly staff enhances my dining experience, so I would encourage Bellagio management to better incentivize the service staff at the Cafe.
3	The food was pretty good. The service was pretty good. The problem was that it didn't really fit the Bellagio feel, it was like a straight up diner (not a cafe) in a fancy hotel.Expect a diner, not a cafe.
4	super hungry after partying so we hit up Cafe Bellagio. Pricey (but it is Vegas and it is Bellagio), but at the same time quite delicious. Can't complain. One night, ordered cobb salad, super fresh and tasty with crisp bacon, lettuce and etc. Another night, ordered some chicken wrap with fries, fettucini and reuben sandwich with fries. All super delicious. Love the ambiance at 4:00 AM, so quiet, and you have the whole restaurant to yourself with a few solo stragglers. You have the whole Bellagio garden to yourself too. Quite romantic. Take-out is available.
4	Hey folks, this is the Bellagio Cafe in Las Vegas not Denny's in Podunkville, so it's going to be on the expensive side, but you do get what you pay for and what you don't!  What you don't get . . . ketchup in dirty refilled bottles, sticky maple syrup bottles, paper napkins, and the list goes on and on!What you do get is great atmosphere, delicious food and courteous service. Even while standing line (and there often is a long line), you get to enjoy the stunning seasonal display and fragrant smells of the Bellagio Conservatory. Our favorite spot to sit is in the clover-shaped 4-plex booth to the left when you walk up the ramp, facing the conservatory . . . what a view and you get some of the best people watching in Vegas!The food is consistently delicious.  Over the years (most recently in early March 2012), we have tried just about everything on the breakfast and lunch menus. For breakfast, I highly recommend the Bellagio Classic Omelet or the Maryland Crab Cake Benedict.  I always ask for my eggs on the soft side and they have never failed me. I also like my hash browns well, almost burnt, and they for the most part, that's what I get. For lunch, try the Cobb. My husband swears by it!Coffee is top notch, and they will leave a carafe on your table. They have real cream or milk, not the faux stuff that comes in mini plastic cups. I adore the fact that when you order an iced tea, the ice cubes are actually made with the tea itself as well. We used to love to linger in the cafe when they had Keno, but they have removed the game it seems from all MGM Mirage properties across the board. So sad! We really missed it on this trip!
4	I've stayed at the Bellagio 6 times, and have always enjoyed breakfast at Cafe Bellagio.  So much more civilized than the Buffet.  Have always enjoyed the lobster omelette and the crab cakes benedict.  It's good coffee-shop fare with a beautiful view of either the Bellagio Conservatory or the pool area.  Service has always been attentive and friendly.  Yes, it's pricey.
3	Tip: if you are a cards holder, you can cut the line.View: very nice view of the conservatory. Nothing you can't see walking through the conservatory itself though.The good thing about this place is that it's 24/7 so no matter when your craving hits, you can stop by here. (perfect for late night gamblers or people that arrived late at the hotel like us).Got the crab cake eggs benedict--fancy sounding, but it was just good, not great, but good. Big portion and filling food so I was definitely filled to the top.Friend got the penne with meat sauce and that was just OK. Very typical pasta not particularly special or anything.Also, dining room is very big... but they still make you wait in line. =/I like the open atmosphere and it was convenient for decent quality food.
4	Lots of very good dishes, but they have some of the world's best pancakes!!!
3	good service, food, bloody mary & atmosphere.i love the brightness of the place and it was a great start to our early (7:30/8am!! ) morning. i suppose im torn about the place. if you dont mind taking your time and splurging id say hit it up.be prepared for a wait. expensive, especially for the quality. dont get me wrong, food was lovely. and yes, i understand its vegas, but id expect a bit more, especially from the bellagio. id go back if it weren't for the price. im prepared to spend, but not quite THAT much. went for breakfast and simply sat at the bar as it was quicker.
4	We ate here twice during a recent stay . Had the bacon cheeseburger with caramelized onions with onion rings , then late night I had fish & chips .  Talk about SUPER YUMMY. Onion rings & French fries were to die for !!! I've never had a cheeseburger that tasted this good-down to the tasty bacon & even the pickles were super good.  GREAT SERVICE, FOOD & LOCATION
4	A nice surprise.   A good deal for a family.Reasonably priced, good food with nice views of the flowers inside the Bellagio's garden.   Meatloaf, pulled-pork, and salmon burger were all great.
4	We spent 5 days at the Bellagio with the fam.  Each morning (except when we flew out), the family got together for breakfast/brunch.  Ok, it was like around 11:30-noon... it is Vegas after all.  The food was pretty good.  In the 4 meals I had there, I tried a selection of their menu.  The first morning both me and the wife had the bacon cheese omelet.  A pretty good omelet.  However, what they don't tell you is that it has broccoli in it.  In fact, there was probably more broccoli than bacon.  The family also got the fruit plate (excellent selection of pineapple, mango, papaya and berries! - even comes with banana bread!).  Second day, I had the pulled pork sandwich.  Good, but not great.  Needed more sauce.  The wife had the cobb salad.  She loved it!   Nice gesture by the staff, for the mother-in-law's birthday, they brought her out a carrot cake with some kind of orange flan like topping.  I'm not a fan of carrot cake, but this was excellent!  Third day, I had the eggs Benedict.  One of the best that I've had.  Not too much hollandaise sauce, so it was just right.  The wife had a BLT with avocado which she thought was excellent.The wife had the eggs benedict on the 4th day and didn't like it as much - she didn't think the eggs were cooked well enough.  I had the southwestern omelet.  It was also so so... I would say that the meals are highly priced, but perfect size portions for an entire day.  We didn't have the urge to eat for a long time after each meal!  Considering we didn't eat until dinner after each time, and dinner was at around 9:30 at night... thats a filling breakfast!
3	I would give the service one star. I went there twice on my stay and both times it took way too long to get any type of service.However, I would give 5 stars to the meal I had! Perhaps it was the fact that I was starved or perhaps it was the alcohol, but I had, no exaggeration, the best meal I have ever had in my entire life!I can only attest to the things I personally ate. The Half-pound Angus burger was amazing! I ordered it medium-well so it wasn't very pink (just the way I like it) and it came with an order of fries. The $15 price tag is a bit hefty but I don't feel like my money was wasted. Even the ranch was incredible! Since it's Vegas, we were not ashamed to also order the Bananas Foster Waffle. Holy crap! It was sweet and caramel-y and wonderful! Had a fly fallen on the waffle, I would've devoured his disease-ridden body along with it!I ate well past the point of fullness, simply because the food was delicious. Why 3 stars then? The service. The waitress wasn't rude; just didn't really give us refills or our food in a timely manner. Great food and bad service averages to about 3 stars. If you want great food for Cheesecake Factory prices in Vegas, I would highly recommend this place.
3	Good food, but a little expensive.  Their cable cars are delicious.  Food was good, but not great.  For breakfast, I'd recommend going to the buffet at the Bellagio instead - it was much cheaper, and the food was about as good.
3	I ordered crab cake egg benedict, it tasted decent. The problem I have with the food there is that they tend to put everything onto one plate. So on my dish, it has ham as well as crab cake, cheese, eggs and salads. Its just too much onto one plate and they dont compromise the taste. So basically its just a big portion of FOOD, nothing to say in terms of the flavors.
2	Got the meatloaf which was good and had a kick to it.  Since it was a "hotel" restaurant, it was overly priced.  Also waited about 15 minutes to be seated.
5	Pancakes... Pancakes...I am dreaming about the Cafe Bellagio Pancakes...They are perfect - fluffy (but not undercooked or doughy) on the inside and crispy on the outside. They have set the standard for pancakes. I compare every single pancake to Cafe Bellagio's and none measure up.So perfect, buttery, warm and soft... I want them now just thinking about them. Every time I go to Vegas it's a must stop destination for me.I have tried other things and taken a lot of friends there as well and everyone is a fan.The peach belini is like a peach and champagne icee. Sandwiches are towers of meat, salads are massive bowls of deliciousness, and almost everything is perfection. The prices are a little high but the quality and quantity are worth every penny. The only disappointing thing I have had was hash browns which were sort of like a loaf of potato.Easy, good food and open 24 hours a day it's worth a visit!
4	My group and I ate here on Friday this holiday weekend- it was the night of our arrival and we were all pretty hungry as it was well past our normal dinner time.  We had great service from the minute we arrived from the hostess and after we were seated by our two servers.  I ordered the thai lettuce wrap and greek salad and both were well seasoned with fresh lettuce and delicious chicken (the lettuce wraps) and yummy sauces and dressings.My oldest ordered the filet with an added lobster half-tail and the steak was a perfect medium with not too much sauce and good seasoning.Youngest ordered the ham and cheese omelette that arrived wonderfully fluffy and full of ham.  My daughter's boyfriend ordered the bacon cheeseburger and for a kid I hardly ever see eat?  He polished the entire thing off- I don't know if he was just super hungry or if he enjoyed it that much or both.  He's kinda quiet...Overall, we had a lovely experience and would definitely return in the future if I see myself staying at the Bellagio again.
3	I love that this place looks out into the conservatory if your sitting close to the front. It is a huge room, but I would like to sit close to the conservatory rather then in the back. This cafe is not awful, but not great. The sangria was good, (if you have not noticed by now I LOVE sangria), the hash browns decent, but my omelette was not what I expected. The title was, Applewood Bacon Omelette and in the description it said broccoli was added. However, the title should have been more like Overstuff Broccoli Omelette. It was so over powering that I could not taste the bacon or the egg... so in reality I ate broccoli for brunch... gross. I am a huge breakfast item person and I love my breakfast when I wake up! Our waitress was also all over the place and did not want to come by our table for the longest time. We were all ready to go, but apparently she did not want us to. We waited a good 30 minutes before we got our check and got the card back.. This was my first experience, but I may find myself here again, trying a difference breakfast item!
1	Waited an hour for a cold $15 burger when I got back the second time it was warm but not worth waiting for!
1	Didn't even make it inside.  The line was about 6 people long and the elderly hostess did not speak to us once while we waited... and we were there for a while.  It WAS 11 PM - perhaps she was asleep standing up?
4	I was disappointed on my last visit to find that they have taken away the Keno. You used to be able to play right at the table while you enjoyed your meal. Oh, well. This is still a great family friendly place to get breakfast or lunch at the Bellagio. I have been several times over the years with my sisters. Bloody Marys with a garden view are kind of our Vegas tradition. Food and service are always good and the prices are reasonable (for the Bellagio).
2	We had a great table looking out into the conservatory, but that about the only thing that was impressive. Instead of people watching, my eyes tended to focus on the small swarm of flies centrally located in the dining area.I chose Cafe Bellagio because it looked like one of the better spots that serves breakfast all day. I don't regret the choice entirely, but my eggs benedict was standard (egg, ham, english muffin) and disappointing. I should have taken the waiters hint to order the crab benedict. To top it off, there was a hair on my plate when it was served. My espresso martini was the best part of my breakfast.At 3pm, we experienced a waiter change. Our waiter politely informed us that we would have a new waiter, and pointed her out to us. We never saw her again until we found a manager to ask for our check.We received our check, without a pen. So, I walked up to the front desk and took a pen back to the table. The tables next to us were still sitting there anxiously waiting for their checks. Cafe Bellagio was the worst dining experience on my stay in Vegas.
4	Stopped by the Poker room inside the Bellagio. A nice snack bar is located right next to the Poker room and a good place to grab a quick bite.Food: 6.5 - 7Service: 7
3	Great option for dinner if you're in Vegas solo and don't want to look like a hooker hanging out in a lounge by yourself. Um, the last time I sat in the piano/wine bar solo a man asked why I was there alone. I was tempted to say I was looking to make friends, was he interested?? jk. I was like uh, I'm here for work, waiting for a coworker.... and thought gee... thanks for making a girl feel self-concious. :( Anyways, this place feels like a big buffet/cafeteria, but has  a nice selection of food and drinks. I ordered a glass of wine and shrimp cocktail and between that and the complimentary bread I was actually pretty full. Good thing.. this place wasn't that cheap. Well, not like you'd expect any different at the Bellagio!The hostess was nice enough to find me a table near an outlet where I could work on my laptop the whole time. The service was a bit slow and I wondered if my server took a break during one point, but in the end this was my absolute best choice of dining options for a solo (work related) night in Vegas.
2	This place was WAY expensive for only so so brunch food.  Out of all the places I've been to in Vegas, this one was the first that I looked at the menu and my jaw just dropped.  You want HOW much money for those three eggs?  For that drink??I ended up with the salmon burger, which was not bad and the only thing that looked actually worth the $15 on the menu.Long lines (no idea why), only so-so staff, mediocre food choices and quality and high prices all make this a definite PASS the next time in Vegas again.
5	We ended up going to this restaurant since the line at the buffet was a 2 hour wait (which, by the way, is not really worth it). For a casual restaurant, I think this restaurant is quite good. It's in the Bellagio, so don't expect it to be cheap but the prices are A-okay.Their bread is soooooo good~~~!!!I had the onion soup and the burger. The soup was delicious! It wasn't too salty but not bland either. The melted cheese on top was tasty as well. The burger was cooked to perfection and everything tasted fresh. Salmon burger with coleslaw is so tasty as well! If you don't like red meat, this is a good choice.I had the Bellagio Cocktail - a good mixture of the juices and alcohol. Our waiter, Eric was so nice and he took good care of our table.
5	Mmmm. Best Mac 'N' Cheese I've ever had. Better than the one I make. With Lobster, Bacon, Sun-Dried Tomatoes & Toasted Breadcrumbs. Its the Thursday Special. Am thinking of going back next week for more of the same. If you have to wait, the line is into the Bellagio Conservatory, very pretty. Good service and not rushed.
4	Best iced tea in the world
5	Five star to the organic chicken
2	The restaurant was huge and had plenty of seating but still waited about 10 minutes in line. There was a lot of little knats flying around which was kind of annoying, for a nice place like this I think they can more than afford to control their little pest problem. I expected the food here to be better than it was. The menu items were definately expensive for what it was but you can't really expect it not to be. I had a hard time choosing what I wanted and ended up with the salmon burger. It was just alright for me, nothing too special. I think I just ordered it because it was one of the cheaper items on their menu. The fries that came with it was really good though. My brother ordered some type of pasta dish and it was super salty! To the point where it was almost unedible. How dissappointing. A meal in Vegas wasted by Cafe Bellagio! My cousin swears that the belgian waffles here for breakfast is the best ever but I didn't try it so I wouldn't know but maybe next time. Maybe. Eh. Not really. No. Nah.
5	Cafe Bellagio has become one of our "must-visit" restaurants every time we visit Vegas.  It isn't inexpensive, but if you order carefully you'll have an excellent meal at a reasonable price (considering it's in the Bellagio indoor-garden).We always get the appetizer chicken tenders ($11).  They are amazingly filling and incredibly tasty.  My kids discovered them, but now we all order them!  Frankly, I can't see how someone could order the tenders for an appetizer and still have room for a meal.  They're served with fresh skewers of carrot and celery, with ranch dressing.  They're obviously hand-breaded, and freshly fried to a delicious crisp.  I'm not ordinarily a fan of chicken tenders (or strips, or whatever a given restaurant may call them), but now we end up here two or three times on each trip to Vegas!  I'll agree with the other reviewers who noted that much of the menu is fairly expensive.  A few examples are Arnold Palmer's for $5.50, sodas are $4.50, fish and chips is $18, and the steak was somewhere in the neighborhood of $35 (though my picky daughter reports that it's one of the few steaks of which she'll eat every bite).  Still, you're not going to find anything much less expensive in a major casino on-strip with great atmosphere.Ask for a table that borders the garden, and you'll find the atmosphere much more magical than sitting buried deeply inside of the restaurant.  Try the chicken tenders for a somewhat affordable but delicious meal.
5	I LOVE this place.  The longest I've waited was about 15-20 minutes, but this wasn't during rush hour.  They do take a little bit to seat you although they have many empty tables.The service here is WONDERFUL.  Everyone is always so nice, friendly, helping, and smiling. The waiter who took our drink orders was very friendly & humorous! Our waitress had a lot of patience with us (2 of us ordered & the other 2 didn't know still) so she gave us more time & even suggested a few dishes. I found a piece of hair in my pasta & told my waitress about it.  She took it away after apologizing, the manager came to apologize, AND they took it off the bill.  Now, I know a lot of places do apologize and give you a discount (or a new plate), but it was the way the waitress & manager handled it.  I wasn't even upset over the hair!Their bread is good (they gave us about 3 different types) & they gave us more when we asked.  I tried their meatloaf (bomb.com) & their penne pasta (also delicious).  They were both about $18, but hey. You're in Vegas at Bellagio.  Did you expect it to be cheap? Of course not. I believe their alcoholic beverages (mixed drinks) are around $14.
3	This place was fine. I had the filet mignon and it was grilled perfectly. It took maybe 5 minutes too long to arrive, but I was eating alone - and this makes time pass more slowly. The baby carrots and potato wedges were nice and the wine (Malbec) was delicious. You will enjoy an unpretentious meal in a hotel, region and city that can sometimes go a wee bit overboard. No danger of that here. Simple American food done well.
3	Brunch at the Bellago Cafe.* BELLAGIO CLASSIC $17 (3 of 5) Maine Lobster, Asparagus, Tomatoes, Mozzarella Cheese, Hash Browns. Comes with toast. Tasty and very good price for lobster omelette. But, my heart still belongs to Wynn Cafe's Lobster Benedict.  * MARYLAND CRAB CAKE BENEDICT $18 (3.5 of 5) Canadian Bacon, Poached Eggs,Hollandaise Sauce, Hash Browns. Tasty and really surprised they pieced this benedict without an egg muffin. All the components were stacked on top of the hash brown. Too bad both dishes had burnt hash brown. I am actually pretty surprised Bellagio Cafe doesn't have stricter quality control before letting dishes come out of the kitchen. I mean, we are at the Bellagio, right?
4	The Cafe Bellagio may not the best food on the strip, but it's one of the most convenient and prettiest places to eat. Located in the famous Bellagio Conservatory, this restaurant offers beautiful views of the conservatory and the pool area. Plus they're open 24/7! Hooray! +1 star for the convenience and nice ambianceThey have a very extensive menu, with offerings from breakfast foods, cocktails, appetizers, sandwiches, burgers, a variety of entrees and desserts. There is something for every craving. I especially like the hot wings and salmon burger. There is no doubt that you can find better food on the strip, but the convenience of the place keeps me coming back. Prices are a little high, but it's the Bellagio...I wouldn't expect any less. The service is always friendly. I've never encountered an unfriendly face in this place.
1	Tasteless burgerTasteless soupHard chicken in the Cesar saladGiving one star cuz the water was cold in the bottle we ordered.The plase look washed up and so is the crew running it.Save your money and try elsewhere
1	The wait is horrible. Place is full of open tables and we have to wait 45 mins. Bellagio - get some more waiters to take care of your customers! My advice would be not to come here or the casino/hotel itself because this place is not worth the time.
5	A dream come true!!!! This is my favourite breakfast spot in all of Vegas. The portions are huge, so make sure you split them! All of the food is amazing here, although the juice is really pricey., so I just don't pay for it. There can definitely be a really long line to get into this restaurant so go early, or much later in the morning. They do have a ton of tables so the line tends to move quickly! Make sure you try out this breakfast hot spot while in Vegas, you won't be disappointed!
1	After a lengthy wait for what looked to be a relatively empty restaraunt for Vegas standards, we were seated at a table with busted seats.... sticky as well.... and the table reeked like someone had washed it down with a moldy . filthy rag. I was at the table for 2 minutes, and decided to get out of this place. Because if the sanitary standards of this cafe are this non existent, just think about the food in the back! I do not want to spend good money at a busted, washed up stinky place, when there are sooo many other dining options.
4	I give this place 4 stars as an overall rating. We arrived in the mid morning. Wait was not long about 10 minutes. In the meantime we took pictures at the garden. My 7 year old niece was mesmerized. We thought it looked like the rose parade without a float.Once inside our waitress Darina was very friendly, and efficient. It was hard to chose what to eat as so many dishes appealed to us. This is great comfort food with a gourmet twist.We had five people in our party so there was quite a variety ordered. Had to wait about 25 minutes for our food. :(What stood out the most was the meat loaf made with 3 kinds of different meat. This aint your mommas meatloaf! The tri tip dip sandwich, and the crab cakes eggs benedict.  Everything tasted fresh, made with quality ingredients.  It was a good last meal on our trip before we headed home.Oh yeah in case I did not make it clear, try the meatloaf!
3	nothing special. decent food and decent prices. just a casual spot with no frills in the bellagio.
4	My favorite AM place to eat when I'm in Vegas.  They have one of the best Peach Bellini ever.  Their egg Benedict is an excellent choice to have in the mornings and it's also my favorite from the cafe.  It's nice having breakfast while you can have a nice scene to look at while you're enjoying your Bellini.  Their staffs are really qiuck to take orders and they always come around to see if there's anything else you want.  The wait isn't long either. Serve is Great!!
4	Always like to come here once while I'm in town. Service not as good as it normally is, but as usual they were incredibly busy. Long line wait was probably 25 minutes or a bit more. Food was good even though service was pretty mediocre. It took a long time to get the food- about 35 minutes or more after ordering it. Unfortunately, I had a hair in my lox the first time my plate was served. It was quickly taken back and a new one was provided (hairless...lol). It was very very good as usual. The pancakes were very good and the breakfast potatoes were decent. Although this experience was a 3, I'm giving it a 4 b/c I've never reviewed the Cafe and it's usually much better all around. Definitely a good place to breakfast/brunch/lunch while in town.
4	I ate at the "Cafe Bellagio" in Las Vegas, NV on 7/6/2009.  It was my first time there.  It was a nice place to have lunch when in Las Vegas.  We had good service although the prices are a little high.
2	My hubby and 2 other couples ate at the cafe last week. The waiting time wasn't bad just about 10-15 minutes, but the food was tasteless, and service was very slow even when the cafe was semi-empty. Total time to get water and menus was about 20 minutes and way much longer to get our food. For the money we paid for breakfast we expected a lot more. My omelette was cold and my hubby's plate was just mediocre. The only good dish we had was a single pancake my husband ordered. It was fluffy and it melted in my mouth.
2	Bland
5	I Love eating here,it's always been tradition to go there in the middle of the night Christmas Eve and order  Crispy Bacon and Eggs with Buttered Sourdough Toast!
1	My wife and I walked in last Thursday night around 7:30, and we waited a few minutes for the hostess to seat us, even though nobody else was in line, and the place was half empty.Then we waited for 15 minutes at our table, looking at the menus and just waiting. The busboy finally came, and we asked for water, and ordered drinks. He brought the water, but not the drinks, and we waited some more. After another ten minutes, without once seeing a waiter in our area, we flagged down a busboy and told him we needed a waiter. Ten more minutes went by, and then we just walked out. I'll never go back there again. The manager should really be aware of what is going on there.
3	I came in late at night from the club because this was the only restaurant open in Bellagio at 1:30 AM where I was staying. I was seated right away a bit drunk but not too drunk and the waiter came by 5 minutes later and asked what I would like to drink. I told him water with ice, I glanced at the late menu and the prices were extremely high for what they were serving compared to a restaurant off the strip that was serving the same kind of meals but since you're eating at the Bellagio nothing is really cheap unless the hotel comps your lunch and dinner or offers you food credit when checking in. I ordered Buffalo wings $12, French Toast with whip cream $16 and a glass of orange juice $8. The food was very good and the service was excellent despite being late and me being a bit tipsy. The decor of the cafe should he updated and seems to be the same since it opened under Mirage Resorts back in 1998. The pricing should be updated as well and the $8 Orange juice is just too much and is the same price as the one in the Society Cafe at Wynn. Overall all I consider this cafe to be good but not excellent and it needs a major update with the menu, pricing, and decor.  My bill total came around just over $40 without tip, for what I ordered, I could've gone to the buffet for less and got more for my money but since it was closed I didn't have a choice but it was worth experiencing eating at the Bellagio cafe.Would I eat here again? Maybe if I didn't have any choices to eat late at night and if I had a food and beverage credit from the hotel then yes it would be an option. Minus 2 stars for the menu pricing.
3	Traditional coffee shop type Hotel Casino Restaurant located off the atrium in the front area of The Bellagio.  Large circular type place nicely appointed with both table service or in some cases better to just sit at the counter if you're solo or a two top for much faster service.   Have eaten breakfast here the  Times over the last couple of trips so this review will be for breakfast only. Not a large menu but all the basics are available.  Obviously you are overpaying for everything $4.50 for bottomless cup of coffee $5.00 for a Juice but if you're a hotel guest it gives you what you need. Food is always good with in my opinion the Eggs Benedict and Corn Beef Hash with poached eggs being their breakfast bests.  Fruit is always fresh and an option instead of their hash browns and basket of Sour Dough or white or wheat large thick slices of toast and whipped butter always a nice accoutrement. If I had one complaint it would be the toast is always cold and I Mean always and the servers are good at what they do, but there are not enough of them at breakfast time, they always seem to be running around like chickens with their head cut off.  For breakfast only it's as stated pricey but a solid option.
2	breakfast service has gone downhill here the past few times i been.$7.50 for a glass of Orange Juice??? are you kidding me (it's the best handsqueezed OJ i have ever had, sadly)$18 for a stack of pancakes?$16 for a bacon, mushroom & broccoli omelette.The service I received last weekend was awful. Friends and I had ordered two entrees (both came with order of toast). But our waiter only brought one order of toast and never refilled our waters or asked us how our meal was. Thus we never had chance to ask about our missing toast. Next time  we saw him, was with our check.So we gave up :(Bellagio Cafe food is actually good,  but way overprice for what it is.There are lots of different options of breakfast on the STRIP.tip: go to a buffett or eat at Hash House a Go Go at Imperial Palace.
3	Came here to grab a quick bite.  We usually frequent Earl's or Pink's when we hit a hiatus in our partying, but this time we decided to try something different.  We had a quick lunch and were satisfied by the service and food.  They serve very fun of the mill American cuisine.  The club sandwich I had was awesome, as was the side of cole slaw.  In a city with so many culinary options, this place is rather mediocre.  PROTIP: Open24 hours.
3	We stood in line for about an hour waiting to get seated for breakfast.  I can understand that because it was getting closer to New Years and that means more people in town.  I had the Maryland Crab Cakes Benedict  ($18) and it was worth the wait.  It had good balance of flavors and the crab cakes were full of chunks a meat.    My wife had the Buttermilk pancakes ($13) and they were more than enough for her.
4	Good breakfast. Fast service. Nice dining room.
3	Breakfast was okay. Southwestern omelet left much to be desired. Bellagio French toast was nothing special, but the Peach Bellini was to die for!!!!
3	medium rare fillet mignon came out slightly overdone.  Crab cake was yummy.  Angus burger wasn't bad; although toasted buns would be nice.  Service was ok.
4	I'm pretty sure this place is open 24/7, and for that kind of restaurant it's pretty good. Decent selection, quite fresh and everyone at the table were pretty satisfied with their dish. I've had their granola which was excellent (but it's pretty hard to go wrong with yogurt and granola), and our friends had benedicts, pancakes and omelettes and were pretty happy. Overall quite good, nothing too creative or crazy but it tastes good.
3	Meh! Atmosphere is nice, but expensive for breakfast. Food was fine but not great. Not going to be writing home about the pancakes or bacon and my husband wasn't overly enthusiastic about his omelet. We enjoyed the Buffet for breakfast more, although at the same time of day, Cafe Bellagio had no wait (especially the day after Thanksgiving!)
1	My boyfriend and I decided to try Cafe Bellagio for a small meal. The bread that comes out before the meal was just okay; nothing special. For our entree, we shared the organic chicken dish. The chicken was extremely dry! We had to ask for a side of sauce just to get it down. For dessert, we had the pineapple upside down cake. For about $10, the cake was extremely small. It wasn't even warm and the ice cream on top had melted, making the cake a big lump of mush.All in all, I was very disappointed. I thought that with as fancy as the Bellagio is, it would have some decent food. But I was very, very wrong.
4	Nice and fancy, big serving for these dishes, I would write a 3 paragraphs reviews, but what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas!Would go back again for sure.
3	The food's okay, pretty good but a little lacking compared to Vegas standard. A dish is pretty much what'd you'd expect at any sit down in a nice Hotel like the Bellagio, between 15 - 30 for an entre. Last time I came, I remember I got a burger which was pretty good. Pretty sizable, will definitely fill an average dude up. This time I got the fish n chips. The fish pretty much tasted exactly like those frozen fish sticks you buy from the store. Don't get me wrong, I like fish sticks, but I was expecting something... a little fancier? A little tastier? I don't know what I was expecting, but it sure wasn't that. The place is pretty much mediocre all around, but there is one thing I really like about it: it's open 24 hours a day. Can't have earls sandwiches all the time guys...
4	I actually have to disagree with a lot of yelpers reviews for Cafe Bellagio!On the last day of guys trip to Vegas, we made our way to the Cafe Bellagio for a last Vegas breakfast!  We had decided that we weren't going to do another buffet b/c of the lack of time, and wasn't willing to spend too much money.One of the pure benefits of being a member of the mLife, with Gold Status, is the fact that there's no waiting in line; rather, just go up to the front, and get priority service!  Our waitress was very friendly, and no mistakes were made to our order.  Our food came out quite quickly, and the breakfast was quite delicious--the Denver omelet.  The coffee was freshly brewed, and best of all, the prices weren't too bad!  Service was quite prompt, given the fact that Sunday mornings are quite crowded, with many grabbing a quick breakfast before checking out, or heading back home.  A definite repeat will re-occur again~!Overall grade: A
5	Awesome restaurant. Really nice to be in it, the dishes are very large and delicious, service is great, prices are reasonable. What more to ask for?
5	This place is amazing. We had a party of 11, got seated right away. Our waiter was friendly and pleasant, and even though it was going through construction it was still a really nice place to eat. I ordered the waffle and a side of cottage cheese as well as a latte. We were all served our food at the same time, everything came out hot and tasted amazing. This cafe is for sure a place to go eat at in Las Vegas. Would I go there again? For sure.
3	Cafe Bellagio food-wise is really just okay.  You're definitely paying for the convenience (if you're a guest) and the general experience (if you're visiting to see the plantlife and other swankiness at the Bellagio).My breakfast here was pretty un-exceptional - the $4.50 coffee wasn't great, service was more or less friendly and the Eggs Benedict with crab cakes I kept hearing people rave about really had no real pizzaz.  The potatoes tasted like Denny's, the sauce had no flavor -- but the crab cakes were actually pretty good.  Lots of crab meat and generous size too.I'll probably be back, but will have my standards a little bit lower however.
3	Long line, but it was Christmas even and expected as much. When we (me and a friend) were finally seated, we lucked out with a window seat in a low-traffic area. Someone was immediately at our table with glasses of water followed quickly by our waiter. The menu is upscale simple, if that makes any sense. For instance, my friend had their meatloaf, which is made with beef, pork, and veal. VERY tender and tasty (yes, she shared with me). BUT...it's still meatloaf. I ordered fish and chips. It was served nicely in a "newspaper" lined basket. Only two little pieces of fish and what seemed to be a half pound of french fries.Two dinners, bowl of soup (the Red Onion soup was good), two cocktails, two desserts and the bill was $115.Was it good? Yes. Would I come back here again? Nope. Too expensive for my cheap butt.
4	We jumped off the plane, got in our limo, arrived at the Bellagio and our room wasn't ready yet, so we headed here for lunch. We were there for my bachelorette party and I did have a penis headband with a condom veil, but hey it's Vegas! So the weird looks and parents getting upset was sort of strange. I understand Bellagio is supposed to be a little more "high class" but really? Oh well, the food was great! It's total cafe food, sandwiches and salads, french fries ect, nothing too special. They did have a small drink menu with wine, champagne, and a few wine cocktails. If you're staying in the Bellagio and you just want a nice bite to eat that isn't too fancy I would recommend this place. If you're not staying in the Bellagio and want a bite to eat that isn't too fancy I wouldn't recommend this place. It is a bit pricey for what it is and really it's only convient if you're staying at the hotel. Basically this Cafe will deliever exactly what any other hotel cafe on the strip can provide.
5	Great place to dine and eat at almost anytime.  We enjoyed a rib eye cooked perfectly, a side of very fresh and crispy green beans.  I also had a great amount of bread to help soak up all the vodka and red bulls I consumed throughout the night.  We ate here at 3a.m. in the morning, a perfect time for dinner in Vegas.  The service was fast, staff were nice, and best of all the food was perfect.
1	By far this was the WORST meal we had during our stay in Vegas.  We wanted to grab a quick bite to eat before our show and were tight on time.  Since I'm gluten free it didn't leave a lot of options for us, so we decided to give Cafe Bellagio a try.  The service was good, but the food was AWFUL.  Hubby had a turkey club and it was like processed, packaged turkey and cheap bacon.  I had the lobster and asparagus omelette.  The lobster was almost non-existent and the omelette itself looked and tasted like it was made with powdered eggs, my hash browns were beyond disgusting.  I will NEVER eat here again and highly suggest everyone else avoid it as well.  Blech.  Our bill, for a turkey club, an omelette, a soda and two cocktails was $75 with a tip.  OUTRAGEOUSLY overpriced for sub-par food.
3	Four friends and I had lunch here today. Gave it three stars for my absolutely out of this world French onion soup, and my friends'  Thai salad, Cobb salad, and Reuben sandwich which they all said was superb. My fish and chips however left a lot to be desired. The fish was mushy and flavorless and had a rancid taste.  Sent it back.  Great coffee , excellent service.  French onion soup is $11 here which is way overpriced for onion soup but have to admit it was absolutely delicious!!
2	I'm sure there are many ways to say "it's fine," mediocre, ok, so so... You get the point.  It's a functional meal.  I was hungry and now I'm not, but I won't remember this meal by tomorrow.
4	This is a wonderful lunch/late night spot within the property.First the location is wonderful, located inside of the Bellagio Conservatory with views of the pool area.  Secondly, I've never had a bad item on the menu, the sandwiches are tasty and they have this amazing onion dipping sauce for the chips you can ask for which makes an awesome side!I've had the Belgian waffle after a night in the lounges and really hit the spot as a midnight snack!  I also came here before a UNLV game and chowed down on a BBQ Bacon burger which kept me full for hours!If you are someone on a budget, but still wants to experience dining at Bellagio, this is your place to try!
3	The Cafe Bellagio is one of several dining options at the Bellagio hotel.  After a long day of travel and taking in the sights of Sin City, my family and I wanted a place to relax that wasn't too stuffy, too expensive, or too much trouble to get into.  Cafe Bellagio fit the bill perfectly.  Depending on where you're seated, you might have a view of the beautiful atrium where you can watch people and enjoy the botanical display.  We were fortunate to be favored with this view.  Elsewhere in the restaurant, however, without a view, the decor might feel slightly institutional.  The surfaces are hard and bright, although sound is muffled well.Although the restaurant was half empty, service was abysmally slow.  I started with turkey chili, and my son had a first course salad.  Both of these took quite a while to come out, and even longer to be cleared away.  The salad was good, but the turkey chili was wonderful.  Some might find it slightly salty, but I favor a lot of salt, and I thought it was great.  Our main course was finally delivered.  I had a turkey burger, my son had meatloaf and mashed potatoes, and my wife had a Cobb salad.  Everyone enjoyed their meal immensely, although my son and I were more enthusiastic about our meals than my wife was about her salad.  Creme brulee was my son's choice of dessert, and he thought it was delicious.  It comes in an interesting snail- or nautilus-shaped bowl, and was sweet and creamy.Unfortunately, our waiter disappeared after dessert, never to be seen again.  We finally appealed to another staff member, who prepared and settled our bill for us.    I'm giving the restaurant 3 stars, because the food is fabulous, and because it appeared that other diners, with different waitstaff, were being moved through expeditiously.  But there is no room for an establishment of this caliber to be anything less than perfect on all fronts, and the Cafe Bellagio fell short.
3	OK. Located off the conservatory in the Brellagio. OPen 24/7. This place is designed to fuel people up, move them in & out and get them back to gambling... all with a relaxed "je n'est sais quio"i ambiance. It's corporate food. It's Vegas. The two lines, one for the plebes and one for the high-rollers is a bit off-setting. But, all in all, it's OK.
1	My girlfriend and I recently had an late dinner here and it was terrible. We had to wait in line for 20 minutes with 2 people ahead of us. The service is really slow and the staff was not friendly.  We had the chicken wings and the Greek salad, both were not that good.  We did not even eat a quarter of the food. I expected more from a place inside the Bellagio.
3	I would give 3.5 stars if I could figure out how. The food is overpriced. I paid $18 for a waffle just because it had caramelized bananas on it. My husband paid almost as much for a giant bowl of oatmeal. That is all. No toast, no side of fruit. Just oatmeal. Do I expect to pay more because it's Bellagio? Yes! Do I expect to receive more because I have paid more? Yes! Did I pay more to get more? No! Aside from that, the food was good, & our server was good. The hostess at the entrance was a big old snot, which was surprising because I found the rest at the staff at Bellagio to be incredibly friendly. I wouldn't go back. There are too many other choices in Las Vegas to eat there again.
2	props for the recent remodel.  very nice and contemporary inside now.  the food?  same menu but the quality has gone down hill.  my bananas foster waffle was dry and lacked flavor (sigh).  we went for breakfast like at 6am, and despite the place being empty, our waiter was nowhere to be found, no bread for starters, and no drink refills.  coffee was UGH and different than from that found on the casino floor (YUM).  NOT worth the $$ ($68 for 3 of us).  i guess we keep going back because we love the Bellagio and it's the cheapest place to eat inside.  oh well.
3	Slightly pricier than a regular cafe. Not bad when you are very hungry after a show, since its open 24 hours.... had a late dinner with the family, and the food we had wasn't that bad. I just dont think i'd pay $18 for fish & chips - even if its yummy. but when you are hungry and tired the saying "beggars cant be choosers" apply. our server was also very attentive and good, so overall it was OK.
2	Complete disappointment! I've given it two stars simply for the view. I ordered the Cafe Benedict and it was salty, over cooked eggs and bland hash browns. My husband ordered eggs too that we're overdone and salty. Our mimosas were more oj than sparkling, and considering out bill came to just over $62, not including tax or tip, this was the worst breakfast we'd had in Vegas. Will stick to Hash House!
3	The wife and I enjoyed a nice lunch at cafe Bellagio. Its just the typical casino cafe type place. We both had salads(i had the cobb)they were decent enough, nothing special but hit the spot. Its a nice open feeling cafe next to the gardens in Bellagio. The service was very friendly. Good little spot for a quick lunch.
4	Cafe Bellagio is grand in size and their brunch food is aye okay - perfect to accommodate large groups for dining.My family and I went here for brunch.  Their Crab Cake Eggs Benedict was subtle in flavor.  It lacked that special mix or ingredient to tip it over to above average.I did like their Raspberry Brioche French Toast a lot because there was this custard filling and with the raspberry taste, it complimented the whole toast very well.Do order up their Mimosa drinks with your brunch meal!  It's sparkling with tingly, light flavor!The rest of their other dishes, such as their buffalo wings, ham, sausages and hash brown was simply mediocre.Nonetheless, great dining place for big gatherings and for good brunch entrees!
5	WoW! I have visited the Bellagio many times this year and have found out that they have the best traditional Eggs Benedict at this place. I have never tried anything so perfectly cooked. My husband tried it and thought differently as he said "He's had better, and that I was just hungover and wayy too hungry". lol! But, I always order that when I go and find it to be really satisfying.
3	When I first asked, "What are your vegan options?" I got a blank stare and a shrug.  I had it in my head that Vegas was pretty vegan-friendly so this was off putting.  I ate a bowl of fruit and made a grumpy face.  Alas, I continued to have breakfast here for the rest of my stay, because we had American Express vouchers and free breakfast is hard to pass up.  The next day, we had an extremely helpful waitress, who got me a soy latte and a plate of hash browns with avocado on the side.  Delicious, savory, and filling!  The day after that, I had oatmeal with soymillk and fruit.  A-okay.I wouldn't choose to eat here again, but it served its purpose.  And the soy lattes do not suck!
3	Service is great, but food is just mediocre. They have a pretty good selection of food but nothing too extraordinary. Expect to pay around $30 per person for breakfast.
4	Loved sitting outside with the birds and having good coffee every morning
3	Came here late one night after a birthday celebration. We'd been drinking and the salmon burger and other sandwiches were satisfying. It's kind of basic food but it tastes good, the place is open late, and is not overly expensive if you order a sandwich over an entree. We had a large group and sat at one of the table overlooking the open area with the aviary. I like the decor and the servers were really nice.Came back for breakfast one morning: good coffee, nice view with sun streaming in, and my crab cake eggs benny was quite good, though the slice of ham was unnecessary. The menu says it come with Canadian bacon but it was just a thick slice of lunch meat ham -- would be better without that. The bottom of one of the stacks of hash browns was burnt and hardened, though I was full enough at that point to not be wanting any more hash browns. Again, the server was really nice. My meal was $18.
1	It was 3am in the morning and we came here based on yelp reviews.UGGHHH the cutlery was dirty. A stringy white thing (kinda looked like a thin cheese string) was hanging from my friend's fork. My utensils hard some crustiness on them too (see photo).I wouldn't expect this from the Bellagio. Won't be back.
5	Great food, wonderful ambiance and our waitress Marlane I believe her name was, was wonderful!! She made this a 5 star experience. =) Super Happy.
5	Always stay at the Bellagio so I make this a regular stop. The burger is great and comes with the best fries. The Cobb Salad is delicious and enough as a big meal or easy to split. For breakfast try the stuffed French Toast stuffed with a light vanilla custard and fresh raspberries. Delicious. The coffee is outstanding as is the ice tea that is Italian tea. Servers are excellent and if you come for breakfast or lunch ask for the best waiter ever...Lito. Good Job Bellagio, another hit!
4	I had a very pleasant breakfast here with my family and boyfriend =)Located in the Bellagio Conservatory, the Cafe is a great place for breakfast and brunch. However since it's so legit, the line to get in forms very quickly. We got in line around 9:30 and had to wait around 20 minutes before we were seated. This wasn't too bad but the line was much longer by the time we left around 10:45 so get here early if you don't want to wait!When you walk in the Cafe itself is very large, which is great because it allows you to be seated more quickly but it's also a disadvantage because the waitresses have to cover a greater number of tables. Our waitress was very nice but it was clear she was overwhelmed so it took her a bit to bring us drinks and other things we requested.The food was fabulous!! I had the veggie omelette which came with toast, a baked tomato and hash browns. The egg was very fluffy and yummy but it was way too big for one person to finish. I'm usually not a fan of hash browns but these were crispy on the outside and nice and soft on the inside!! The toast was great and they brought me three mini containers of jam to choose from: I used the strawberry and took the rest home hehe =)My dad ordered the bowl of fruit which had a nice selection of strawberries, melon, kiwi, berries and pineapple. Both my mom and boyfriend had the eggs benedict which they enjoyed, and my mom actually liked the hollandaise sauce which meant it must have been good!! All the food we tried was fresh and presented in a very beautiful and classy manner. I'd definitely recommend breakfast or brunch here at the Cafe Bellagio!!
4	Cafe Bellagio isn't cheap, but I feel like it's a sanctuary in an endless sprawl of gaming floor. It has good lighting, is next to the indoor garden, and I generally feel like it's a comfortable place.The food isn't cheap, but it's always decent. This time, I had to seafood pot pie but it didn't come with any crust whatsoever! It was more like a thick seafood chowder.
1	first off the line to get in here was redic.  LIKE ABSOLUTELY REDIC. full of like very overweight people, old people, families, whatever. (sorry is that too much??) our server was SO NICE and he was the happiest guy!  we really liked him! the problem was in the kitchen.  my friend ordered an omelet with no cheese, and i ordered a portobello mushroom sandwich.  (easily veganizable, which i liked!) first off - the mushroom sandwich came out like 10 mins before the omelet which is always a peeve.  come on send stuff out together, even taco bell sends out a complete order - piecemeal makes everything uncomfortable. THEN my friend finally gets the omelet - and its full of cheese.  she has to send it back as she is lactose intolerant.  about 15 mins later (note: i have completely finished MY sandwich at this point) she gets a new omelet - IT HAD A HUGE HAIR IN IT.  LIKE A HUGE BLACK HAIR.  we were DYING.  but she was also starving.  she sent the omelet back.  third time was a charm and it came out with no cheese, no hair, and looked ok (*fingers crossed LOL)  but we were surprised that after sending it back twice and waiting over an hour to get her omelet that it wasn't comped.  Vegas should be about customer service, its a vacation!  why do these restaurants forget the main rule - its about service.  i will never go back there. Vegan pro tip: they have soy milk available for coffee.
3	As stated in other reviews, this place is not cheap but the food is decent and the setting is relaxing because of the conservatory.  Had breakfast here and would recommend it to guest staying at the Bellagio who stayed out a little late the night before.
1	I was rather stupid here.  I ordered the equivalent of a full English breakfast, or I thought I was.  The stupidity was that I was in Vegas and I thought must of been dreaming that I was down the Old Kent Road. I got round bits of reconstituted ham that they call Canadian Bacon, oddly, since its neither Canadian nor bacon, and furthermore quite possibly doesn't even come from a pig.  Maybe the Bellagio financed that recently announced stem cell research where they grew white meat and had to add colouring for the tasting.  All the journo's hated it.The sausages were anaemic looking white things that the waiter told me was a mixture of sausage meat and turkey meat.  The menu called them bangers.  Now any self-respecting Brit knows what a banger is and this certainly wasn't one.  I think they might have been made from the scraps from the meat factory floor, which of course bangers are, but at least they're the right sort of scraps.I chose fried eggs because then at least you can see 3 separate eggs rather than have an omelette made from a 100 gallon drum of eggs which is how many of these industrial kitchens buy their eggs (BTW Michael Pollan told me that).  Unfortunately these eggs were so under done that that I could hardly eat them.From this point on things got much better.  My waiter, Anando, saw my forlorn expression and offered to change it after I'd done my best to eat a little - my mother never let us reject anything on the plate.  We swapped it for an omelette, which was ok'ish but he also went off in serach of numerous expressi for me - there machine was down.  In fact Anando was such a charming guy that he turned me from a grumpy, whinging pom to a bright and cheerful chappie by the time i left.  Despite all his efforts, however, I can't bring myself to give the place more than a 1.
5	this is my favorite place to get breakfast.  Great service and food always consistent.
4	Ordered a portobello  sandwich and mushroom tacos.  Service was quick, courteous, and friendly.  The sandwich was pretty good. I've never had mushroom tacos and was impressed.They even allowed me to take food back to my room without additional charge.
3	Coffee was great (at 4.50 a cup, it better be). I had the BELT sandwich and my husband the steak and eggs. The bread was delicious. The soda was expensive. This is a great option at 2am when you win at a table, walk away and are starving. Very expensive but I knew that before going in. The sights (hookers) were interesting to see.  The service as with all places we have been to on Vegas, was impeccable. I really wanted to try the onion soup but could not justify spending $11 dollars on it. Maybe next time.
1	Four stars for the food and value, 1 star for the service.The four of us headed here for brunch on a Monday, and were seated immediately.  We all found dishes we wanted to try and were able to order and get our food in a decent amount of time.However, after the food and a water refill, we didn't see our waiter again.  For nearly 20 minutes.  30 minutes pass by, and we're all trying to dig into our purses and wallets for cash so we wouldn't have to wait for our credit card to be swiped (original plan).  We finally must up enough cash to cover the bill and head out.  One of us finds the manager and explains the situation.  The manager is confused, saying that they're "not even that busy."  Hmmm, maybe as a manager you should also know what's going on?Disappointed by Cafe Bellagio service, but would go back again for take-out!  (or a better waiter!)
2	The food was extremely average, worsened by the typically high Vegas prices we had to pay. For $16 dollars, I could've gone across the street and gotten three Earl of Sandwiches, but instead got one mediocre salmon burger. The bread wasn't toasted enough, so it had the same falling apart texture as the salmon patty. The patty itself was seasoned pretty well, and I did appreciate how much lettuce and tomato it included. The fries were okay, but nothing special. My boyfriend had the lobster mac and cheese, which was also decent but still a little too heavy for my taste. I definitely didn't think we got the value for what we paid, so the meal was not memorable overall.
4	Get the Sangria...yumm!!!Had the prix fixe restaurant week menu. Me: strawberry buratta crostini, pork cheeks, and carrot cake. Hubs: tomato gazpacho, sea trout, chocolate clafoutisEverything was great. I switched entrees with hubs and he was thrilled. The carrot cake was fantastic
4	It's rare but even when I get salty I save money and time to eat a nice breakfast here.Eggs, sausages, wheat toast, hash browns with a pot of coffee in a stainless thermos on the table and fresh orange juice.Resturant is open to the conservatory place with all the flowers and the pool down below just out of earshot range.A peaceful and classy joint...roomy.
2	Wanted to love it but for what u pay it wasn't so great!  Service was good but both of our dinners were just so so!  The chicken and turkey were extremely dry and chewy.
3	Not too thrilled with this place at Bellagio.  The resort itself is spectacular.  Very decorative and vibrant as well as a huge property (the casino seemed to go on forever!)That being said, the service here was not the best when we went.  It was about 9pm local time and not that busy inside the place.  It has a nice atmosphere of course and its not too loud which is always a plus.  But it did take a while for the server to come over and take the order.I got the turkey club and it was nothing to write home about.  Saw some interesting choices on the menu though for those who are ambitious!
5	Great food and a la carte menu so not too expensive if you are not hungry enough for the buffet.  Bananas Foster Waffles are delicious!!  And Eggs Benedict is my favorite.
3	We stumbled upon this place last minute while searching for a late night snack. Very slow service and a our server was hard to understand as he didn5 understand us asking him to speak up and he had a very thick accent.Now the food...I had the onion soup. It came with this thick layer of cheese and a soggy crustini inside. Now for most soups I thought it came with a crustini on top.My husband had the turkey club which was exactly that a plain dry turkey club.My friends had dessert. One the creme brule the other had the frozen tiramisu.Creme brule was average.Tiramisu was served in oversized coffe cup with whip cream and chocolate chips on top. It was ok, I wont go back for it. Chocolate chips were definitely not needed.
5	Absolutely love this place. My friends and I have made it a tradition to have either breakfast or lunch here any time we visit Vegas. Great food, great service, they have a large menu with anything and everything you could think of. You get a decent view no matter where you are seated. One side you see the Bellagio garden and the other is the fountain. The only downside is there is almost ALWAYS a line to get seated, but it does move pretty quick. Worth the wait!
2	Nice setting near the bellagio garden and spacious.  I got the seafood pot pie which came with a salad.  The salad was smaller than what I serve my 6 year old and the pot pie was just a oval bowl of soup.  Every pot pie I have ever had was actually in a crust.  Soup wasn't bad, just way too small and not what I would have ordered had I known.  My wife got a club sandwich which was just a regular sandwich.  Too pricey for what we got.
3	I needed to get some food mid-afternoon (yes, I had only been up a couple of hours..) and found myself at the Bellagio.  Since none of their Michelin-starred restaurants were open yet, I ducked into the Cafe.  I had the chicken salad sandwich with kettle chips and a latte.  The chicken salad sandwich came on a pretzel bun which was a little dense for my liking, but it was fine.  The chicken salad itself was pretty ok.  The latte.. also ok, no problems there.  The chips were insanely salty - I think this is a Vegas thing, everything is salty there, encouraging you to drink more.. thus gamble more.. well, that's my theory anyway, as I have noticed that things are salty everywhere.Service was nice, and the price was fine.  Overall, no issues with this place - I was hungry and needed to wake up, and it delivered.  A-OK.
5	Since we were staying here and it was 2am, we decided to come here for a light meal.  Our server, Oralia was very friendly and helpful.  My husband and I shared a Salmon Burger.  It was tasty and light.  I like that they had already cut it in half and given us two plates with fries on the side.  We also got a Black Forest cake to go which we ate in the morning.  It was moist and delicious with yummy cherry halves through out the chocolate cake and cream.  Thinking about that cake makes my mouth water.  Soooo GOOD!!!When I stay at Bellagio, I typically come here for breakfast or for a late night snack.  Never been disappointed.
3	Another local hotel cafe. This wasn't all that great. I had a pasta and it wasn't anything special. My friends did mention that they weren't a fan of the salmon burger.Love the complimentary bread and no wait to be seated.The waiters were switched out during our meal, cause of their shifts, but they like NEVER came around. I was wondering what was taking so long? And with the fact that they took forever to grab the bill when the cards were in there, ready to go, i almost cut their tip in half.btw, it was like 4 in the afternoon on a saturday and no one was seated in the restaurant, so it wasn't like they were busy with other customers.
2	I was starving at 11pm and was too lazy and cold to walk to planet hollywood for my favorite Earl Sandwich, do decide to try the cafe in hotel..Bad bad idea... in short, it is over price and sub-par food.I had onion soup and white paste, soup wad a little salty and paste was way way too oily.I seriously had stomach pain for the whole night and next morning, I gave them 1 more star for their ok service.I will only go there for waffle since I had it on last trip and was pretty good.
4	The view from this cafe is wonderful. You can see the Bellagio Conservatory Gardens from your spot inside the cafe. The choices here were better than I expected. I got the warm crab dip and the salmon burger and my boyfriend got the mushroom sandwich and the pasta. The crab dip wasn't bad actually. I liked it. I'm not sure if real crab was used - it doesn't really taste like it but the mayo/cheese kind of covers the taste. I hated the salmon burger. It was dry and just fell apart. I couldn't even finish it. My boyfriend said his dinner was good though. The waitstaff was nice. As soon as the waitress out the pasta dish down, she realized it had chicken when we had asked for no chicken and immediately took it back to take out the chicken without us even asking her. We did have to keep asking for water but it is what it is. The coffee here was decent as well. Overall, a good late night place to go if you are going to be gambling or partying at the Bellagio.
1	WELL we ate here on nov25,2013 around 9pm at night and my wife had a 15.00 hamburger that was not only tasteless with zero flavor ..which i tasted also..but it also gave her diarrhea and jacked her stomach up within ten minutes of finishing it cause she was starving..i had the penne pasta that was edible but bland. i was told it is the house favorite by our waitress which as very once..The food here doesn't cut it..even if you are starving don't bother coming here go get a mc donalds burger if you have to have one or get some pasta anywhere but here..just plain bad and i will eat almost anything..If you do decide to eat here make sure you have some tums by your side
3	You don't really have day and night in LV. We got some salad and sandwich for the night. I won't say the food is impressive but the service is pretty decent and warm. And coffee from Bellagio is always the best we had, tastes good and smells good. You can have it from both Cafe Bellagio and their buffet.
3	On Thanksgiving Day 2013 the wait for the Buffet at the Bellagio was FOUR hours. We were advised that the wait was considerably less at the Cafe. The food was okay and I appreciated that there were some Thanksgiving items-I had the pumpkin soup and the pumpkin pie. The food is okay (much better than Avenue 24 at the MGM) however it obviously is mass produced (admittedly at a high level) and tastes like that. It has heart but no soul.
3	For a place that's open 24 hours it is not a bad place for food.  The food was decent for a hungry person at 1am when everything else is closed.  We tried the French onion soup and the spaghetti bolognaise which was average.  The soup with a little too salty for my taste.  The waiters were very friendly even in the middle of the night.  For someone who is looking for a nice place to take a date or foodie trying out new restaurants, this will not be the place to go.  However I would definitely come back if I'm ever hungry late at night and other places are too far to walk to.Price is okay for the food.
5	Great staff, nice ambiance and delicious food make the long wait worth it. I love their Maryland Crab Cake Benedict! There was one time when the food took a little longer than usual and our waiter informed us that one of our meals was over cooked so he was having the chef remake it. He insisted we look at the dessert tray and choose one at no charge. The waiter asked if we wanted to be served all at once or if we wanted to start without one plate. We appreciated the proactive approach he had to the situation. The food was amazing and the carrot cake was the best I have ever had! Thanks for hiring such great staff!
2	This is a 24 hour restaurant, very pretty, very clean.We got there about 230am after leaving Pure, and were STARVING!!! We got a table right away, our waitress was very nice and quick but the food was horrible !!!  And it was not even close to being cheap.  I was with two of my guy friends and one of their orders was completely messed up (though he didn't say anything) He wanted over easy eggs, they were scrambled.  He wanted white toast, he got wheat. The other friend got spaghetti and it was cold!!!I got 'fresh fruit' which was 6 dollars and all it had was a few pieces of cantaloupe and the rest honey dew.  Now if this was like a Dennys, I would expect the food to be mediocre and the price to make sense, but it was 17$ for the spaghetti and 16 for the eggs and toast.  Normally I owuld have complained, but like I said it was past 230am and we wanted to eat and go to bed.Everything about the 24 hours we spent at the Ballagio was amazing.....accept this....would never eat there again
4	The food was amazing...I ate the bacon BBQ burger med.rare and it was cooked to perfection... very delicious. I was also able to eat some of the shrimp fettuccine alfredo and it was really done well.. the noodles were al dente and the alfredo sauce was savoury... I highly recommend this place.
4	Food: 4 stars. Pricey for a breakfast, but they do give you your money's worth with the portions and additional toast/jam.Service: 2 stars. Nothing special given how much the food costs. I would have expected more. There was also a really long wait to get in.Place: 4 stars. We got to sit by a window, which was especially lovely. There's a lot going on around, which makes it fun to people watch.
3	My mom and I go here quite a bit when we come to the Bellagio to look at the garden display.  The line was not too long but we probably waited about 20 minutes for a table.  Not too bad for this place.  It did take a bit for someone to come over to the table.  The drink person took our drink order and then finally the waitress came to take our order.I had the Thai salad with shrimp.  My mom had the bbq bacon burger with fries.  My salad was really good.  The shrimp were just okay.  They were grilled which was nice but they were not very flavorful shrimp.  The rest of the salad was really tasty though.  It would have been nice though to bring the bread before the entrees as we barely touched the bread and it went to waste.  My mom enjoyed her burger.  It was bit messy but she like the taste.  The fries were good too.  We had to flag the waitress down to get our check but she did get us refills for our sodas.  Even though the service was not that good we will probably be back as the food is pretty good.
2	Here with my boyfriend's family. The service was good until our original waiter finished his shift. We were left unattended for almost 45 min. They forgot an entre, didn't refill waters a single time, the first time our new waitress said a word to us was to bring the wrong check to our table before we were even offered a dessert menu (which we were planning on ordering). We asked for a to-go box and 20 minutes later had to flag down the waitress again to remind her. Food was decent enough but the service gets zero stars.
3	This review is based on a single dinner at Cafe Bellagio.The first thing I noticed was the nice opulent decor, followed by friendly greetings by the hostess and our server, Julie K.  The meal then began with a warm tasty roll and butter, followed by a good Crab Dip spread on toasted baguette slices.  But the dip could have been creamier.A crock of French Onion Soup with well-melted Gruyere Cheese was excellent, and dense Meatloaf topped by Brown Gravy and mushrooms was very good with Mashed Potatoes and Green Beans.  Unfortunately, the chef read the ticket wrong, and Diane had to send her medium burger back to receive a medium rare replacement.  Then she pronounced her Bacon Cheddar Cheeseburger with Parmesan Fries as tasting very good.3-1/2 stars overall!  We will likely return for another meal when we are in close proximity somewhere on the Strip as dinner time strikes, and have no other dining plans.
3	Cafe Bellagio is a stereotypical American cafe, with the big windows that display beautiful gardens. When we arrived around 1PM, there was a semi large line. I don't understand why since there were more than enough empty tables to seat at least half the line (maybe they're saved for diamond members?). Anyway, just an observation, moving forward... We were seated by a friendly hostess. Immediately our drink orders were taken, followed by our food orders. The food took a while to arrive, but to be fair, the portions were quite large and presentation was both simple, but elegant. I ordered the braised short rib dip. It was a sandwich stuffed with beef, tomato, caramelized onions, and cheese. On the side it came with fries and au jus dip. It could've been more salty, but that is just personal preference. The service overall was slow though. Food took about half an hour to arrive and another ten minutes to call the waiter to get our check. The waiters and waitresses were kind but I think that only your waiter can take your orders and/or questions; if you ask other waiters/waitresses, you will be ignored. But, they are friendly if they're your server!Food: 4/5. Service: 3/5.Overall: 3/5, nothing special though.
4	Always order the fillet mignon and its superb. Steakhouse worthy steak at a cafe. The only other thing I've tried is the fettuccine alfredo and it's okay.Service is lacking especially on a busy day. Might have to remind the server couple of times. The cafe is beautiful tho. I'm always lucky and sit by the gardens.
3	Cafe Bellagio serves breakfast, brunch, and dinner. This is a nice place with a good view of Bellagio's extravagant flowers they put up each year. It's a pretty charming place with friendly service. I had the Bellagio mushroom tacos. They were unique, the reason I chose them instead of a breakfast item. Since they are in the appetizer category, they were itty bitty little things (trust me, I'm not down playing their size). For $12, it came with 3. I was actually surprise that they filled me up to a content level. I usually do not have a crazy appetite when I initially wake up so these charming little things did the job. I heard the lines can get pretty rough so do have patience if you're visiting here during the more popular hours. My party and I were here during lunch hours on a random Friday morning, so there weren't a major crowd.
4	Good sandwiches, fries, and amazing chicken strips. Breakfast served all day with an amazing view of the gardens. Service was alright and I can't wait to eat at Cafe Bellagio again next trip to Bellagio.
3	Pricey and very touristy, but food and drinks were good. Old world hotel style, but beautiful view of the pools in nice weather.
1	I can never believe when someone told me that some movie stars are dining in that place... God save their soles... the food is very insipid and tastless... the service is super slow. . don't go there
3	This restaurant was good. We came here for a friend's birthday lunch. They had a huge line to get in so we waited about 45 minutes to get seated. That was kind of a drag, but once we got seated the service was decent. The food was good, but nothing above expectations. The decor is a bit old fashioned and seemingly decorated for an older crowd. No complaints, but nothing special either.
3	Coworkers and I were staying at the bellagio and was looking to go somewhere nearby and low key...this did the job. Food was good...not great.  The bellagio penne was just ok but my friend said the turkey burger was really good.
1	Second time eating here in the span of 10 years and NOTHING has changed. Food once again is CRAP and service is terrible. Paid $22 for an Ahi tuna salad. Ahi looked bad. The color is one of that which fish should never be, a nice greyish tinge rather than bright red/purple. Served on a beautiful bed of shredded iceberg lettuce. What? Too cheap to buy mixed greens Bellagio? 7 very small pieces of Ahi was served on this "salad" so my friend and I each got a whopping 3.5. We also split the lobster mac & cheese which was served with a spinach salad that was simple, but decent with spinach, heirloom tomatoes, and a pesto dressing on the side. The lobster mac & cheese was certainly missing the main protein. It should have been called thick bacon/ham mac & cheese. There was hardly any lobster. We had to ask our server for our bread basket after our entrees came out 40 minutes later. A quick lunch ended up taking almost 2 hours. Even when the place emptied out, our server was still slow. This place is understaffed and the food is garbage. Definitely a tourist trap since it is located in the gardens & nobody will care about this review when they are starving and don't know where else to go on the strip, as this is a decently priced option, but please don't blow your money here.
1	While staying at the Paris, we stopped by here hoping it would be a better breakfast than we might find at our own hotel.   The first sign to walk away probably should have been the coffee.  It honestly tasted like someone had mixed in a little gas and dish soap, and it probably would have been liquid cocaine had anyone been able to drink it.  Instead, we ended up going to a coffee shop and bringing it to our table.  The food was not terrible, but it also was not good.  it was pretty much a bleh breakfast that cost twice as much as a bleh breakfast should.  The service, on the other hand, WAS terrible.  We could not get any more water, the orders were mixed up, and no one came to check on us.  I am really surprised the Bellagio keeps this place open, since so many of their other restaurants are great.  I would not return, and would recommend staying away, at least for breakfast.  Maybe the servers just need to wake up and lunch would have spectacular service, who knows?
3	We had a light lunch/snack here between hitting the tables and were pleased by the service and food.  There is a lot of variety on the menu in the entree sections, but many of the items were very heavy and not very health-conscious.  It clearly looked like it was crafted to please the 2:00 am gamblers who may need some grease to soak up the night...!  Atmosphere was okay, the view overlooks the pool so I'm sure that it is a much more entertaining spot during the summertime.My husband had the chicken tenders and I had a shrimp cocktail, and both were satisfying, but nothing that really stood out.  The complimentary bread basket was a nice touch because we had been traveling all day and were starving, and the specialty cocktail menu was fun and inventive.  I recommend trying the Bellagio Punch!  Just one glass is more than enough. Cheers!
1	Went there for a late night meal and was really disappointed. First the price for the meals was ridiculously high for the quality. I ordered a chicken salad and it was just ok, i wouldn't order it again. My date ordered a $27 turkey dinner which was hospital grade food. Lets just say they gave him the worst cuts of meat, it was dry and flavorless. During the course of the meal, you could hear how the staff broke dishes after dishes. Cleanliness was also questionable. The server was polite but you could tell that the waitstaff there didn't really care. I would not go back... EVER. The next day we went to Todd English's Olives and for $20 more than what we paid at cafe bellagio (total bill was about $80) we have a meal that was more than delicious. I would not recommend this place at all. STAY AWAY.
4	Crab cake benedicts are delicious! No wait around 9am, but was busy. Our food and bill took kind of long. We didn't see our waiter much either. This cafe was actually roomy and big. It was nice that we got a table facing the garden.
2	Good food. But holy cow man, they take forever! It took 10 minutes to get a glass of water and ice tea. And the food took ever longer. But of course asking for the check, it couldn't have come faster. Can't wait to never eat here again. Lol
4	When family goes to Las Vegas we always grab a bite to eat here.Reasonably priced and good portions.
5	I have eaten here many, many times, and it never disappoints. This recent trip Dec. 2013, we had breakfast, lunch, and dinner here, and every time the food and service was great. Although it bills itself as a coffee shop, it is hardly that. We love this place - always terrific.
3	Wait was not that long for dinner on saturday. I had the spaghetti bolognese. It was really salty. Food is okay. Id rather go to aria or venetians cafe
4	My family and I had an early dinner here recently before the O show.  We had a variety of food and all of it was good.  I was not that hungry so I just had the chicken strips on the appetizer menu.  They were nicely crisp on the outside, moist on the inside.  I think the bread the strips themselves as they had a nice breading texture on them.  It came with carrot and celery sticks.  They were a nice crunchy addition.  The rest of the family had an omelet, bacon bbq burger, and a baked potato.  The parmesan fries that came with the burger were really good.  Nicely crisp with a good cheese flavor on top.  Our waiter came around often and took good care of us.
3	As far as overpriced coffee goes, these guys are ok. They are also open for late night snackages.Which is why they got 3 stars. Because when it's late and you don't want to call room service, you can race down in my pj's and get stuff and race back to your room.Good thing being that I have the feeling the locals are used to scurring Australian's in their pj's at odd hours of the night scavanging for food.
1	This was seriously terrible. I know where Bellagio is NOT putting its money. I actually ended up eating here because everywhere else was too busy. I wish I had waited somewhere else. This was perhaps worse quality than something you'd get at a diner. Actually, I'd rather eat at a diner. The price was ridiculous for this sub par diner food and the service was awful.
3	3.5 stars.  Would come back again.We came here with a party if five at 10am in a Sunday.  We had about a 10 minute wait.  Crab cake Benedict - 4 stars - egg was perfectly cooked! Crab cake was moist and flavorful.  Hollandaise was light and creamy.  I really liked this dish.  I substituted regular bacon for the canadian bacon.  next time i will ask for it to be extra crisp as it was a little under done for me.  Only thing this dish needed was toast or muffin on the side.In general everyone enjoyed their meals.  My husband got the cafe Benedict and it was not nearly as good as the crab Benedict's.  my party got the banana foster (3.5 stars) and cornbeef and hash 3.5 starService was very slow.  3 stars. It took us 1/2 hour to get our food.  We only saw our waterless when she took our order, delivered our food and gave us the check.  No how are things, refill on water, etc.Tips - If you have a party larger than four it is always good to let the hostess know as you will usually be seated quicker.If you have time to wait as for a window or atrium table.
4	If I really enjoyed this chill spot in the Bellagio right beside the large garden. I ate at the bar on a Monday morning, had the lobster omlette....the cheese was just right inside the omlette, the lobster was ok....I really was just looking for a basic breakfast with hashbrowns and toast....and thats exactly what I got. Hashbrowns were good...nothing was too greasy, I didn't feel bloated afterwards, it was very peaceful and I like how you get a little container of honey with your tea and different jams. If you just want a basic breakfast that isn't too expensive, defiantly come here. I will go here again if I stay at the Bellagio.
4	Went with a friend for lunch on the weekend and the lobster asparagus omelet was wonderful! Also, a very nice view of the conservatory gardens from our table. A very pleasant setting! The Chihully glass sculpture in the lobby is stunning and not to be missed!
3	walked right in without a line at 7am.  was very disappointed that they were only serving breakfast.  service was excellent as usual, just a VERY limited menu for a place open 24/7.  I mean, aren't people up all night gambling, and want dinner at 7am?  Luckily they had excellent pancakes.  My hubby got some lobster egg thingies, which he said were OK.  Am I the only weird person out there who expects a 24/7 cafe (ala Dennys) to have all menu items available 24/7?  Just seems weird to me, since Vegas is 24/7.
4	This is always our go-to place for an easy no-hassle breakfast.  During this past visit, I got the fruit and yogurt parfait.  I mean, I don't know anyone can mess that up but it was very good.  The yogurt was a bit tangy and the mixture of berries and granola balanced out the tanginess of the yogurt.  My aunt ordered the smoked salmon which is always fresh and the bagel was toasted to perfection.  My uncle ordered a side of eggs and a bowl of blueberries.  The eggs were cooked well and the blueberries were very sweet.  Service is always great, from the hostesses to the busboys and waiters.  I love coming here and seeing the same hostess greeting us when we are in line.  I don't remember her name but I've been coming here for years and it's great to see that she's still there.  One thing to note is that the line can get long so if you are able to get a line pass during check-in, please try.  It helps when you need to bypass the slew of people in line here or at the Bellagio buffet.  You can also wait in this bypass line if you are in one of the higher levels of the M Life.  I will definitely come back.  It's just simple and no hassle.  You are paying a little less than what you would pay for the breakfast buffet but its worth it so you don't have to hassle with getting  your own food.
5	I sooooo  luv this place I had a wedding celebration here in April the staff was excellent and so was the manager Mark  and I rented out the back patio for my event everything was Great Thanx!!!!!!!!
4	We had a hotel restaurant credit and ate there 3 times. Everything we ordered was delicious....omelette, asiago chicken sandwich, pulled rib dip sandwich. The highlights were the Cobb salad, turkey chili and the banana split (gelato)...the best I've ever had.  Two waiters were exceptional, one was not. In contrast to most "Vegas prices" this place is pretty affordable. An average meal for 2 will run around $50.  Open 24x7.
4	This is a casual lunch spot with full service atomsphere. The restaurant is next to a beautiful garden with Holland Theme.
1	Service was terrible. My first time there I ordered a simple bacon cheeseburger and was given a smokehouse bacon burger with bbq sauce and caramelized onions. Disgusting flavor ruined my appetite. Went in for breakfast and didn't want to sit next to a loud group of drunks and was told there was nowhere else I could sit by the power tripping hostess station. Meanwhile, there were literally 100 empty seats. Needless to say, I walked away. Under staffing is unacceptable in a place where you already know you are paying too much for too little. Shame on you Bellagio. Get back into the game!
2	We have eaten at other restaurants here before and been impressed. We have been to the art gallery on two different occasions and been blown away. The night we went, the Conservatory was filled with a beautiful flower garden and working water fountains. That being said, we thought we would end our night with a great dessert.What a disappointment. The place was very busy and the hostess did her best to seat some grumpy patrons before us. We waited 15 minutes which was no big deal. I ordered a cup of coffee and the chocolate cake. It tasted like something from Costco: chalky, dry and recently thawed. I couldn't finish it. I expected something amazing and fresh, but it wasn't to be. I have to say my wife's raspberry coffee cake ala mode was very good. Not the way I wanted to end my evening. I would not eat anything here again.
4	Had a great experience with Cafe Bellagio during a business trip. I set up a lunch for a client that consisted of 13 people. It was important that the table was set up properly with specific types of coffee, fruits and drinks. It was also imperative that at least a few waiters be on stand by at all times during the course of the lunch.Everything was perfect, on time and fast. The lunch meeting proceeded and the waiters operated without disturbing the meeting, yet were always thereto take orders and keep everything replenished. They also had someone at the restaurant entrance greeting late clients, bringing them to the table and taking their orders on the way there. Great experience.
3	The Cafe Bellagio for breakfast was good. I ask to be seated with a pool view and was told this section is closed?? Why the hell don't they close the areas without a view? Anyway, after requesting a seat change we were able to get a table with a view of the conservatory. We had Bellagio Eggs Benedict that was good. Good coffee and juice. Naturally over priced, but not a surprise.
1	Not impressed. Decor is nice but that's about it. Waited to be seated, waited to have order taken, waited for food the came out undercooked and wrong. Expensive. I do not recommend.
2	I've eaten here a few times, but the last 2 times I've noticed that the food quality is not as good as it used to be in the past. Last weekend was terrible! Service was bad & slow, waitress said we had to ask for bread if we wanted it, rushing me to pay the bill (I still gave her 18% tip regardless..), & complained that she worked straight 8 hrs!! I give this restaurant 2 stars..disappointing!
4	Split a club sandwich and had ginger ale for a late night meal, and if was delightful. Good price (splitting meal was plenty of food). Server was almost as old as the hotel, and was very slow and oblivious. We had to ask someone else for more drinks and later for our check. But it was a restful stop.
3	I've dined here a few times and it's always been pretty decent. My friends and I came in the early afternoon and didn't wait too long before we were seated. We got a great table next to the conservatory so we had a good view while we were dining. (We could hear the music from the conservatory which was a little troubling since the western music they were playing did not fit the whole springtime theme of the displays...but that's a whole other story.)The food is mediocre and is fairly filling. My friends ordered the burger while I had the torts de milanesa which I had trouble finishing. It was a little hard to flag down our server when we needed refills for our soft drinks or anything else.
4	With so many dank, dark venues scattered around Las Vegas, it's nice to stumble upon something a little on the lighter side.Having gone hard the night before, a group of friends and I were looking to eat something a bit healthier . Walking around The Bellagio Hotel, we stumbled upon this cafe.Located just next to a nice & airy indoor-garden...this place is a great change of pace from the shadowy casino halls we'd been walking around earlier.A harp was the soundtrack playing in the garden and it echoed throughout. Cafe Bellagio's seating area. With an open seating plan provided views of fresh flowers and sunlight teeming through a glass roof next door.Just what the doctor ordered. We all went with salad to try and stave away the booze soaked night we'd just endured.Specifically, I went with a classic Cobb. Good choice.Heaping mounds of egg, bacon, bleu cheese crumbles as well as half of an avocado and a grilled chicken breast on top of fresh greens--this salad delivered.It was a very large portion, so big in fact that I gave half to my buddy who stumbled in after losing his shirt at the roulette wheel.Friends ordered the Greek Salad, which also seemed to be a hit.Our server, Neal, was a consummate professional.The kind of waiter that seems to oblige your every need and anticipate what you will ask for next, without hovering over you uncomfortably.My meal came to just under $20 which is a deal for the charming view and service. Throw in the fact you're in a world renowned hotel on the strip and it's a down right steal!
4	We had lunch here yesterday. We all had the Applewood Cobb Salad and it was very good. Portions are quite large, so sharing is a good idea and easier on the pocket book. They also serve breakfast all day and it's very good too. My brother is a big fan of their meatloaf. You will find something for everyone at this place!
5	Everything about this place gets 5 stars from me. It's pricey, but you're at the Bellagio in Las Vegas so it is what it is. Ate here 3 times on my last trip and service, food, staff, view, location and environment were always great. Forgot my favorite servers name but I'm going back in 2 weeks and will get her name then and never forget it. She was that good.
3	I wanted to love you.  It was myfirst visit here so maybe it was an off day.  I had a burger and although the burger was quite tasty and juicy I still feel the burger bar has much better bugers (sorry) next time I will try something else. My husband had the omelet and he said it was average.  The waitress was friendly but hard to find, the table behind us was getting quite upset because it took 20 min to get drinks.  We had waited about the same to get ours, wanted to try this place but although the surrounding are beautiful and peaceful I'm not coming back anytime soon but I will give them another chance.
4	We got sat  almost immediately, despite it being prime brunch hour. The food was on point. I ordered a crab/shrimp Louis omelette and it was spectacular. The fruit that came with it didnt look 100 percent fresh, which is the reason I'm giving a four instead of five stars. The place is very elegant and bright, though I dont really expect anything less or different from dining options in the Bellagio. I would love to return here again the next time I'm in town.
2	Not worth my money at all :( I had a burger and my friend has some pasta here a few days ago, and both were horrifyingly tasteless. The bathrooms were nice though, which is the only reason I gave it 2 stars instead of one. The other good thing about this place is that it's right next to the bellagio garden. The interior was niceish but made me sleepy... I'm kind of sad I came here on my last night at Vegas.. Sigh
4	Short rib French dip: lean, falling apart and so flavorful! Parmesan fries weren't bad, and the service was good. I didn't expect much but was starving so have it a shot.
4	I went around 2pm and there was no line! :) happy me! Service was excellent! Our server was Susan :) soooo sweet I wish i had tipped her more. From start to finish, it was a clean cut process. She was tailoring to our every need. I ordered the braised short rib and tiger shrimp cocktailThe short rib was good but I'm not sure I would order it again. And as for the shrimp, comes with 4 pieces. Unless I'm feeling "ballin" that day I don't think I'll get that again eitherAll in all, food was decent & the service was beyond phenomenal! 5 stars for you Susan! :)
3	Pretty decent place. Nice view. I don't think the quality of food matches the price though
2	I love their chicken noodle soup. It is the best chicken noodle soup I have ever had. Their service though- is one of the rudest I've ever experienced.I've been coming to Cafe Bellagio for about three years now. It is convenient because it is open 24 hours. I usually order my chicken noodle soup to go and eat it in the room.  This past Tuesday, I ordered a cup of chicken noodle soup to go and asked the waiter if I can have a cup of water while I was waiting since it usually takes 15 minutes during  the late night hours. I signed the bill to my room and left zero tip since I was taking it to go. The waiter, an older white male with long, grey curly hair, looked at the bill, aggressively proclaimed, "Really? Zero tip? Really?" then slamed the bill booklet, and walked away. He did not bring me any water. 15 minutes later he plopped my food on the counter and walked away while giving me a side look.  Very rude and unprofessional.Additionally, I've had their clam chowder which is good, their thai salad which is amazing, but I recommend getting the dressing on the side, and their chinese chicken salad- I recommend the thai salad over the chinese chicken. The wait can be very long sometimes. If you have a VIP card, you can get seated right away. If you are ordering to go, you can by pass the line and order at the counter. They do not take phone orders from the room.
2	After working a nine-hour shift, rushing through a quick shower, and driving for five hours to get to Vegas to meet up with my girlfriends, we stumbled into Cafe Bellagio haggard and famished.Service here is awful.  Maybe it was the way we were dressed [it was 12am and we were all in a different array of pajamas], maybe it was because we all had our travel faces on, or maybe it was because they lacked decent customer service but waiting around for 30 minutes in a near-empty empty restaurant on a weekday for a glass of orange juice and a sandwich with fries is ridiculous!  At least give us some water if you can't pour me a glass of oj!  I get that the servers deals with the drunks and asshats that venture into their beloved city but we were nothing but polite.  My friends and I all work in different fields of customer service and the lack of manners and a smile is just rude.So how was the food?  Mediocre at best.  I daresay that even Denny's or Village Inn can slap together a better sandwich and deep-fry some frozen fries.  Oh well.  We ate, we paid, and we left.  Never again, Cafe Bellagio._________________________________________________Side-note:  I received a nice message from Mark H., the customer representative, offering me to give them a second-try.  I'm flattered for such a gracious offer and I admire they're business integrity on trying to bring the best service possible.  It shows great work ethics and I respect that 100% but I must decline.  Definitely noted though and very cool of them to try and kiss and make up.
5	Visiting for the weekend here in Vegas.. Traveling out of town we wanted nothing better than a delicious meal that everyone in the party enjoyed. We stumbled upon Cafe Bellagio in the hotel and can honestly say that there was not one flaw. From the time we sat down, our outstanding service from our server William G. & clearing our dishes. Between the steaks, wild Atlantic salmon and finally the free-range chicken breast, we absolutely without a doubt give this establishment 5 stars!!!! Highly Reccomend!
5	Sitting inside the cafe and enjoying the last glimpse of sunlight was such a memorible experience.
3	This place is like a diner with fancy foods. And the decor of a main-dining room hall on a cruise ship. It seriously looked like a display from a museum documenting old timey antique furniture.I can go on. The food was pretty good and the portions were huge. OK, one more. It was like the kind of themed restaurant you'd find on Main Street at the Magic Kingdom.That is all.
3	Subpar restaurant considering how Bellagio is trying to cast itself as a more refined alternative to the rest of the strip.  Salads are definitely not their strongpoints, so avoid the Greek salad at all cost.  Their meatloaf and fish and chips were edible if you must come here.
1	Was disappointed with the quality of the food, I realize its a cafe and they are probably open all hours which makes it more like a diner but considering its inside of Bellagio and its Vegas I thought it would be better quality. My lettuce tasted old and the salad itself just wasn't good at all. Would not go back, not even for a drunk night snack.
5	Never disappoints! Eggs Benedict is a home run every time but I greatly miss the stuffed French toast.  If you have a M Life card (gold or higher ) you won't wait long if at all, otherwise you're in line with the rest. If they have counter seating available take it, no one wanted it and we took it,,, we skipped past 18 people. It was perfect but of course no view which I didn't want to sit by the atrium anyway.  The line moves quickly though and service is very very good here. Attentive, knowledgeable and keeps a good pace without rushing you along.Pricing is reasonable for a high end hotel. Eggs Benedict was 16, came w hashbrowns. 3 Pancakes were $13 but I added berries for $3 more.  Berries were amazing and lots of them.  Real maple syrup and loved the butter!!Coffee was great and worth the $4.50. Love this place.
5	On our recent stay at the Bellagio  we dined several times at Cafe Bellagio.  As usuall we were not disappointed. The food was excellent as was our table service. Our food selections were fresh and flavorful beyond expectation. I highly recommend Cafe Bellagio and look forward to a return visit soon!
4	I always enjoy eating here. Its been my tradition to stop by this restaurant for brunch before heading back to LA. The food is amazing, the restaurant is always clean and servers are amazingly friendly! I feel special when I dine here.
4	Ambience A plus . I luv this place especially when you enter the Butterfly Atrium is simply gorgeous and  food is out of this world. Especially the bloody Mary's.
5	My husband and I came for breakfast, which they serve all day, and we were not disappointed.  I ordered a cappuccino and their Cafe Benedict.  Oh my dear lord were these both delicious!!  My husband even said he has not seen me "clean my plate" like I did in a while.  My husband had a coffee and their caramelized ham and cheese omelette. He enjoyed his pickings equally as much!  Both of our meals came with hash browns and my husband's also came with toast and two mini jars of jam.  Service was great and everything came out pretty quickly.  I highly recommend everyone to come to the Cafe Bellagio for breakfast at once during your stay in Las Vegas.
4	Fish and chips was really good!!!! Better than most places. I ordered NY steak and eggs, it's ok... If possible try something else
4	Consistently good food. Menu selection offers a variety of entrees to meet your hunger status, and the various soups are good. Chicken Chili!
4	Came here with the girlfriend for some breakfast after a long night of partying. Like the Bellagio itself, Cafe Bellagio gives off a relaxed, even peaceful sort of vibe. This could be attributed to the fact that we stepped in for breakfast at 8 AM - but nonetheless, it offers a welcome escape from the fast-paced action of the Strip itself.While others have said that wait times here can be a bit of a pain, we were seated almost immediately. (This being said, this may have been because we unintentionally managed to make it to the Cafe before the AM gambling crowd did - who knows how that happened!)It's funny to see how others compared the design of this little cafe to that of Disneyland. I was definitely getting that vibe, as well. With mirrors covering many of the walls and some ornate ceiling decor, you feel as though you're paying for an experience that's a step or two above the typical IHOP/Denny's meal. The prices were a bit higher than what I'm used to seeing for a "casual" dining option. We split an order of the Caramelized Ham & Cheese Omelette, which was accompanied by a side of hash browns and a breadcrumb-topped half of a tomato.Although the Cafe's prices were indeed a bit raised, the portion sizes certainly were also scaled up, as well. Both of us were more than filled by our respective half-omelettes, and we had a meal's worth of leftovers to take with us when it was all said and done.  My half omelette was filled with gooey, well-melted cheddar; the cafe didn't skimp out on ham, either. My favorite component of the meal was definitely the hash browns. They had a wonderfully crunchy, crisp crust and a moist, fluffy interior. These were some of the best hash browns that I've had in recent memory. The crumb-coated tomato was also tasty and was great for refreshing the palate in between bites of egg and potato.  Service at Cafe Bellagio was a noticeable cut above. I can't recall what our server's name was - she was an older lady - but she was welcoming, attentive, and plain ol' genuine. I got the feeling that I was seated at a relative's table each and every time that she checked up on us, refilled our drinks, etc. Honestly, I wish that every server took the time to care for her guests the way that this lady did. Her informative descriptions of menu items and overall pleasant demeanor were exactly what our slumped, painfully-hungover bodies had been hoping for. If you're just not feeling the buffet option, open up the wallet just a little bit and make your way to Cafe Bellagio. Just make sure that you come hungry!
2	I ordered 3 eggs and bacon * includes three pieces of bacon that didn't look very appetizing and cold toast I expected better from Bellagio I have has better bacon at Mom and Pop places...
4	Took 30 minutes to get a beer.  However, the staff sincerely apologized and brought me my Guinness.  The burger and chicken sandwich was very good and the service after the delayed beer was excellent.  Overall very good service.  I was contacted by the GM who invited us to return after I posted the review on Yelp.  This is a very customer focused team.  When something does go wrong as will happen in even the best run services they know how to repair relationships and stay focused on the customer.  Great work!
3	Took 30 minutes for a beer however burger was excellent!  Staff was very friendly and apologized for the delayed beer and was very good about recovering from the mishap.
5	excellent food service and atmosphere.   a lot for your buck
3	Went here for breakfast and though it was empty inside, service was slow.  Everyone here is friendly though.Got 3 egg breakfast, pretty normal and nothing great or bad about it.  $16 bucks We came at 11 and was hoping to see their brunch menu that we got before but I uses we got here too late.
3	Love their stuffed french toast for breakfast! Didn't make it in time for breakfast tidy and got the Eggs Benedict which is part of their limited all day breakfast menu. The prices are on the high side but it's in the Bellagio so somewhat expected. The service has always been slow and less attentive- today was not an exception. They wait staff is very friendly and hard working but the service is always slow. Overall a satisfying breakfast!
4	Great food and service. Had breakfast/brunch twice this week. Everything we ordered was very good.
3	Took 30 minutes for a beer however the burger was excellent!  Staff was very friendly and apologized for the delayed beer and was very good about recovering from the mishap.  We came back the following morning for breakfast.  Again slow service and a slightly less friendly staff.  Oh well.
4	I'm glad that I opted for Cafe Bellagio tonight instead of the buffet. I had the spaghetti bolognese and it was terrific. Hardy portion that I struggled to finish. Served with garlic bread. Dinner and drink came to $23, a bargain compared to other Bellagio restaurants.
4	We were here for the first time for breakfast and it was excellent.  My husband ordered the waffles and it was awesome.  The fresh fruits that came with the order was very good.  As for me, I ordered a NY stirp breakfast and it came with two eggs.  The steak was good.  We also ordered the sausage and it came with 4 for an order.  It was very good.  My husband ordered the shake and he said he didn't like it.  The latte coffee was good.  Overall, everything was delicious.  Our waitress was friendly and nice.  This place is expensive, but worth it.  I didn't give 5 stars is bc there are a few flies flying around while we were eating.
4	It's the middle of the night and sadly there aren't as many restaurants to choose from in Las Vegas as one might think.  Luckily Cafe Bellagio is one of the few good ones that's open.  On this particular night my friend and I decided to try their Bellagio Turkey Club, their House Made Meatloaf and for dessert a Trio of Creme Brulees.First off they have complimentary bread and butter, but as me and my dining companion quickly learned, you have to specifically as for it if you want it to be served to you.  As we were waiting for our food, we noticed some tables would ask for bread and were quickly served some, while the other tables who did not ask for any were served none.  So naturally we asked for some.My club sandwich was pretty good.  Fresh and filling, I couldn't even eat it all.  Luckily my friend helped me from wasting any of it.  His meatloaf was substantial and tasted quite good.  I really liked it.  It was actually perfect with the complimentary bread we got.  Our dessert was interesting.  I've never had pistachio creme brulee before and I really enjoyed it.  It was probably my favorite between the plain, chocolate and pistachio brulees.  The only thing that was kind of annoying was the dish the creme brulees were served in.  It was awkward to eat from and although I'm sure it was suppose to look fancy, I would have preferred eating my dessert out of just a regular dessert ramekin instead.
5	Love love the roominess and cleanliness of the place. The server was very attentive.I ordered Steak & Eggs, steak was cooked just the I like it medium-rare, closer to rare side. Over-medium eggs was delicious.But I especially love love their pot of coffee, strong!I was also going to order cappuccino after the meal, but didn't need to house coffee was strong and just as delicious!
4	This cafe looks completely uninspiring and dated - complete with tacky chairs, awful carpet and nasty curtains. HOWEVER - the food is good (and the portions are HUGE). I recommend getting a bottle of the house prosecco, it's fab. The best thing about this cafe for me though, was the service. We were served by a lovely lady called Christine (I think, I hope I got that right). She was so friendly, funny and just a really lovely person. We had great chats with her and she also made some sterling food recommendations. Service was quick and there was certainly nothing at all to complain about. Maybe a redecoration of the place would be good though - to bring it at least into the 90s? Let's go decade by decade until they catch up.
2	I'm not a fan of this place, I've been here numerous times for some snacking or quick bites and I've always left disappointed
3	Standard Vegas casino lunch fare. I ordered the mushroom tacos, as there was no other vegetarian and gluten free option. Nothing spectacular. Located close to Bellagio gardens.
3	First time I came here service was terrible.  20 min had passed before anyone came by.  This was for lunch. Second time, was for breakfast.  The service was much better. Although be warned an OK will cost you $7.50. I know its Vegas but OJ? I had the French toast. Tasted fine but prefer the French toast from the Paris hotel - St Louis cafe. My husband had the pancakes. He enjoyed them. He also raves about the French onion soup for lunch. Overall it was good but I am sticking to the St Louis cafe at Paris.
5	I am always impressed with their consistent service. Recently my wife had the Cafe Bellagio Salad, which she said was the best salad she's ever had in Vegas. I had the turkey burger which was done superbly. This is a really nice, down-to-earth cafe with great service and ambiance. I believe a year ago they just did a remodel of the place and they have new chandeliers and whatnot if that kind of thing matters to you.
5	Comfortable atmosphere.  Great food at reasonable prices.  This is not going to break the bank so to speak.  We ordered breakfast and the food arrived in a timely fashion with no errors in the order.
5	Alfred was our server and was spectacular! The salmon was awesome! Seared Tuna salad incredible!The burger actually came medium full of flavor!And the fruit pancakes out of this world!
4	great spot for breakfast. it our go to for a solid breakfast. i got the bellagio waffle and my friend go the french toast. i wish the waffle was a little bigger for paying $13. however my friend's french toast was the perfect portion. the brioche could be a little more moist though. overall, the ambiance is nice and its beautiful because it over looks the conservatory.
4	I've been here a few times in the past, however, this was my first visit in two years. I had just wrapped up a family photo session at the Conservatory and it was perfect timing - obviously we were very close in proximity and the long line had just dissipated - so, we were seated immediately.The restaurant has great views with the Conservatory on one side and their pool viewable through the large windows on the other side. It's also open 24/7! The menu changes throughout the day making it feel more like fine dining than a 24-hour Vegas cafe, of course, with breakfast served late at night.I chose the Bellagio Classic Omelet ($18) with Maine lobster, asparagus, mozzarella, roasted tomato, and hash browns. The omelet was beautiful! Fluffy and perfect with ample amount of lobster, uniform chops of asparagus, and gooey mozzarella. The roasted tomato, although rather small for the amount of omelet, was succulent and left me wanting more. The hash browns were a surprising delight. If I had a choice, hash browns are the last form of potato I'd order because of its usual terrible preparation of undercooked, dry potato shreds under the crunchy exterior of flattop cooking or simply missing the crispy texture. These hash browns were extraordinary. The amazing crunch on the outside and the potatoes on the inside were moist and cooked perfectly. There was an addition of chopped parsley that made these the best hash browns I've ever had. If everyone made hash browns like this, I might actually order them!Another fabulous detail is that they serve Bonne Manan natural preserves in small individual jars with your toast. We were offered Wild Blueberry, Strawberry, and my favorite, Orange Marmalade. Yum!
4	Cafe Bellagio gets three stars for food and five stars for the ambience, making it an even four star rating for me!  The line to get in was ridiculously long on both attempts to go.  We finally stuck it out on attempt #2 and were then underwhelmed with our breakfast.  Can't put my finger on why, but the whole breakfast just fell short of our expectations in regards to taste--didn't hate it, didn't love it.   The best thing about the whole meal?  The beautiful ambience.  I. LOVED. the. ambience.  Overlooking the conservatory listening to Christmas music was just lovely.  The whole experience put a smile on my face and made me not care about the food whatsoever.  I can't wait to go back to see what the display is post Holidays and try something else.
5	The perfect break from the walking and gambling.This was my third time here and at each occasion I've left with a happy belly.It's very casual yet holds the casino's elegance. The food is american with a few twists. Do try the salmon burger and the bean soup.
3	Having the cafe Benedict looking out over the winter display. Food is pretty good and the coffee is dark exactly how I like it. I have to give the service mixed reviews. Both the hostesses and waitresses seem to get absorbed in their conversations when guests are waiting. Once they notice you, they are actually quite friendly, but that doesn't give a great first impression. The busser Jose that helped me today was fantastic, very attentive and never stops moving. Hopefully they move him up the ladder soon Will come back, satisfied with the food and atmosphere
2	Basically this food seems like something I would eat at  Denny's, my woman got carmelized ham, but it was just ham, I got the apple omelette bacon thing and it was all mixed in, and just a mess... Hashbrowns where so plain....I don't write  many reviews but the breakfast food at Paris was awesome. This place I just felt ripped off, for such a huge nice hotel I would not return for breakfast. Best part was the toast
2	I don't have much more to say, I understand your restaurant is super busy and you have many customers to attend to, but make the prices reflect that, or hire more people so that we don't feel like we are being rushed through the restaurant, I felt rushed to sit down, all servers seemed stressed out.... Just a bad experience for a great place.  For one the top hotels on the strip I expected more.  All the staff seemed stressed. The food seemed pre prepared for hours.. Hire more people. Or lower prices.
1	We waited for over 20 minutes. No customer service. Rude staff. Left before we even got to try the place.
5	I'm going to keep this review short and sweet. We dine here for breakfast each and every time we visit Vegas. Food, service and quality were superb! Squeaky clean silverware, cups and plates says a lot, too (believe me I inspect everything). Really no complaints. Get there early to avoid the long line and long wait. And of course enjoy the conservatory just outside the restaurant!
4	Hey locals, want to transport yourself from your ordinary grind? Have a few extra bucks?  Treat yourself to a meal here.  The atmosphere is wonderful.  It's the prettiest coffee shop in Vegas.  The eggs Benedict is pricey, but treat it as a splurge.  I had wonderful service when I was there on crowded Christmas Eve morning.  I didn't feel hurried, and they even accommodated my picky kid with bacon and a side of two fluffy pancakes.  You don't want to leave!  I'm going to make a point of coming here every season to enjoy the changing atrium displays, people watch, and splurge on a touch of posh.
1	I came back here because the waffles were amazing! This was my second time here I'm super disappointed with this visit the waitress split a drink all over my grandpa's back. My brother and his girlfriend ordered the Tuscan chicken sandwich, ate half of it and realized the chicken wasn't even all the way cooked in the center. I ordered eggs Benedict, my plate came out ten to fifteen minutes after everyone else's.
1	Horrible!! Came here on suggestion from my bf's sister. The waitress spilled a drink on a member of our party. That was the first bad thing. Service was lacking. Wrong size juice was brought. Water never came. My bf and I ordered the tuscan chicken sandwich and halfway through the chicken was undercooked. Gross. We came in during a busy time so i think they rushed the food. They comped these two dishes, but it left a bad taste in my mouth. I will never return.
1	Worst service ever they are rude unprofessional and don't care about customers I will never come back and I hope whoever is at charge do some big changes
3	We came here for NYE dinner and waited for half an hour. The line moved fast. It might be a tourist trap but it's a safe bet. Recommend it if you are out of options. Decent food
3	Went here while we were waiting to see O and this was the most convenient.  The restaurant was nice and the server helpful and attentive.We skipped the appetizer as we wanted to stay awake for the show and the wifey ordered the Lamb Chops which were tasty but a bit too red in the middle for her liking so once again I stepped up to the plate and took one for the team, and being quite tasty did not make the task too hard.I had the Ribeye steak which was made perfectly but I did find the demi glace to be a bit sweet and kind of spoilt the taste a bit.Satisfying meal but will all the joints still out there to try out may not be back!
2	I'm a little ashamed to admit that I've eaten here more than once...but when it's 3am and you're just finishing up at Hyde or the Bank (and In&Out is closed) what else can a hungry girl do but head over Cafe Bellagio for some grub?Service is always friendly, but the food is MEH and it's always FREEZING! Seriously, we're in Vegas, can the restaurant please be more than 50 degrees?
2	My husband and I dined here last week at 2am(ish); we were waiting for a table  for a good 18min when the restaurant wasn't even busy, probably short staffs.When we were seated, a bus boy came to offer water/tea/coffee and we got water and coffee; then we waited for another 15min before we were able to spot our server to take our orders, other tables who got seated after us had already ordered (ridiculous). We ordered steak & egg and grilled salmon; after we placed our order, we waited another 21min before we got our food (I felt like I was in France).  The salmon was pretty good but nothing over the top, the steak was overcooked.Something interesting happened while we were there though; there was a table of 6 men who only left our server $10 tips, she was upset but couldn't do much about it. I found it very unfair for our server so I did leave her 18% tips.About 10min later, 1 of the 6 came back and claimed that his iPhone was lost and it was just on the table, he couldn't find it. Right before we left the restaurant, another person claimed that she lost her iPhone and it was right in front of her; that scared us and my husband immediately grabbed our iPhones that were on the table and secured them. Not sure if she found her phone at the end because we left before more drama happens.Very interesting night but I don't think I would want to come back here again.
