5	On my way home from Safeway this morning, I had 2 belts blow, causing a series of bolt breakages and general ricocheted dinging of the inside of my car. Hubby called AAA, and the tow truck driver (great guy- wish I'd gotten his name) recommended Bethany Auto Repair because he knew they were open on Saturdays. Not knowing any small repair shops in the area, I said OK- lucky for me. They were professional and courteous, explaining exactly what happened and what they needed to replace and repair. They did all of that TODAY, at the time they said they would have it done, and squeezed in an oil change to boot- all for a price I felt was fair. They are on the corner of 7th Ave and Bethany- ask for Tom or Joe.
5	Went here today on the fly after engine light came on while in my way to work.. They did a quick diagnostic and quoted the damage. I got my mechanic friend on the phone who agreed "this guy knows what he's talking about, and that is a good price. Do it!" I decided to rub elbows with the small crew, asking questions and observing the actual labor after they  put my car in the garage. I arrived at work within two hours having seen what was done, exactly like they explained, for a good price. I even felt like I found my neighborhood shop, with a couple if friends behind the wrench. Jesus is "good people!"
5	What an amazing experience with V.I. Auto Repair company!  The first auto shop I took my 99 GMC Safari van to was honest in advising me that despite their many efforts, I should take it to a GM dealer.  I knew that wouldn't work because they cost about $110-$120/hr plus parts.Praise God I made a few phone calls and found that not only was VI Auto reasonable with their rates ($80/hr) but that had two mechanics with GM certification.  I had the vehicle towed there.I had three major issues that I was guessing would cost me a $1000 or more.  The ac needed to be fixed, I had an electrical issue and my hatch window was broken.  Not only did they fix all the repairs for a fraction of what I expected, but they did it so quickly!I would be pleased to be a reference for them.  Being a single female, I felt Mark was honest and didn't try to take advantage of my lack of knowledge and need to get my vehicle fixed.  THANK YOU FOR YOUR INTEGRITY & CUSTOMER SERVICE,Terry Q
5	I'm new to Phoenix so I don't know many people, also I work from 8-5 Monday through Friday, so I needed a location that would be about halfway between work and home and that was open on Saturdays and VI Auto Repair fit the bill. I was nervous taking my car to new place, but the guys here are excellent, professional, reliable and honest. For the past month I've had an undiagnosable car problem where my car stalled out each time gas was put in. The guys at VI Auto threw everything they had at my car and after a few weeks finally fixed it. The dealership originally suggested that they could fix the problem by replacing the gas tank, but when the guys at VI auto tried that and it didn't fix the problem they put my old gas tank back in, sent the new one back to the dealer and didn't charge me a cent for the day's labor. Then they had me bring the car back to really work on it for two days, giving me rides to work and to my home to cut down on my cab fees for being without a car.This is a group of people who really care about their customers and doing the job right. I feel so fortunate that the first place I took my car to after moving to Phoenix is one I now know I can take my car to from now on. I appreciate their help so much that I'm creating a Yelp account just to leave this review.DEFINITELY RECOMMEND!!
5	V.I. Auto repair is as good as it gets if you're looking for an honest mechanic.  When I first needed a repair but wasn't sure exactly what was wrong, I called around to 4 other auto mechanics in the Phoenix area to get estimations for what I thought was wrong.  By the time I made my last call trying to "shop around" to V.I., I was relieved to have not been transferred to someone else.  I explained what I thought was wrong and some other estimations to see if they could give me a better price... Not only did they nearly cut everyone else's estimate in half but promised to stay open after hours for me so I could have my repair done immediately.  As a girl in her early 20's, I never have to worry about getting taken advantage of anymore because I refuse to see any other mechanic even after moving to Mesa. The drive is worth it.
5	We are from Albuquerque and were on vacation when our car started making sounds and lost power steering. AAA came and the tow driver suggested VI. I am so glad we decided to go with them because everyone there went out of their way to get us back on the road. When they needed to rethread a bolt they called their connections and made it happen--on a Friday at 5pm. Bottom-line: these guys are great. Wish we had them here in Albuquerque!
5	These guys are the best!! Since I first moved to Arizona these guys have been taken care of me. Amazing customer service every time. Now that I live in north PHX I still take the trip down to see them. They are honest, fair priced, and very caring.
2	I went for my second oil change.  When I went to pay they also provided me with a printout of repairs I needed to address.  Nothing was urgent but was suggested it was preventative.  I decided to take the list and my vehicle to my regular mechanic.  After it was checked my mechanic also took me to the computer to show me all of the things they mentioned were replaced in the last 12-18 mos.  if I would have believed him and not went with my gut to get a second opinion I would have been out a lot of unnecessary money and time.  It made me feel, see girl, see take advantage of.
