3	After a busy grocery shopping outing at Walmart, my tummy was growling and I didnt want to go home and cook. What's the next best thing? L&L! I was right across the shopping center. I made a quick call on my way back to my car and placed my order. I figure by the time I unload and drive over there, the food will be ready! Now thats being efficient!I order the Loco Moco, Hawaiian BBQ Chicken, and two pieces of Spam Musubi. The total cost came out to around $21. The food is very consistent with the other L&L's I've been to. Never a complaint from me. Would I come here again? Definitely. Would I recommend what I ordered? Definitely! You really cant go wrong here.
3	I went to the L&L Hawaiian Barbecue restaurant a couple of times in Washington with my sister, nephews, my mom, and son. We ordered from them for my dad's birthday back in October 2009! The food was great. So when I finally noticed the one on Serene (in a plaza with Walmart, Sam's Club, and other businesses), I had to check them out. I went a few days ago to meet a friend and had the kalua and lau lau meal. The cashier asked if I wanted cabbage with it. I said yes, of course. That was a fantastic meal to grub on. My son isn't into too much hawaiian food, like I am, so he just ate part of my steamed rice. I am only giving them a three star, because I am picky about what I eat, and only been to this one once. I will definitely be going back some time, then give an update. YAY for kalua and lau lau!!!
3	Honestly... when I am in Hawaii or even when I lived there... I never ate at L&L. Maybe once in a blue moon.. but never regularly.Since moving up to Las Vegas, I did find myself eating here more often than not. I like the fact that they have lau lau and kalua pig as a regular menu item where Island Sushi has it only as a special.. but that is pretty much all I ever get when I visit L&L. In Hawaii, I'd get their beef stew or curry, but I can easily make that myself now.. whereas lau lau is a little harder.I like that fact that you can choose to have cabbage or no cabbage with you kalua pig. Depending on I feel, I will order one or the other. Their other menu items like their mahi mahi is okay.. nothing special. I once felt like getting breakfast for dinner -- Portuguese sausage, eggs and rice.. but I could have easily made that at home for waaaay cheaper!The location is convenient. But since finding out about Island Sushi, I have been choosing them over L&L as of late. If an Aloha Kitchen was closer, I'd go there as well over L&L. I guess because I'm so used to crappy L&L in Hawaii, that I find it is overrated.
1	Hmmm... this is like KFC gone Hawaiian style, and that's not a good thing. My friends love this place and they finally got me to come here... Chicken Katsu - dark meat chicken, deep fried... and possibly deep fried again.. served with a side of mayonnaise drenched macaroni salad. The one thing I did like was the sauce they serve you with the chicken. Sweet and sour type with a thick consistency Hawaiian short ribs - oh.... well.. what animal did this come from?? This was pretty scary looking to me and I don't think that piece of meat was meant to be eaten.. maybe better to flavor a soup. As said before, my friends love this place... Want deep fried crunchiness?? You have come to the right place. For myself, I will stay away.
4	first off i love absolutely love Hawaiian food. i went shopping over at the walmart and decided to go to red robin which is right down eastern. but then i saw L&L across the cold parking lot. i have eaten at this place before. i knew what i was in for. i was there with my nephew(3) and my sister. my sister got the 1/2 & 1/2 plate, half BBQ chicken and half BBQ beef. i got the same thing but i substituted the BBQ chicken for chicken katsu.i also got an ahi poke. the little guy got french fries and part of our stuff, he loves rice the food was excellent. i loved it, sister loved it and the little guy did too. the BBQ chicken was a little too done my sister told me and the ahi poke was a bit on the small side. the mac salad made up for it. quite possibly the BEST mac salad in town. the only complaint that i have is that they don't have booths to sit in and the chairs are a lil on the rickety side. other than that very great food, very very friendly staff, and clean. would i go again?? does a fat kid like cake? of course ill go again it don't fit to often in the low cal lifestyle I'm living but a good splurge is good for the soul.
4	I've never had authentc Hawaiian food so I couldn't tell you the authenticity of L&L. BUT, I love their food.I either get Chicken Katsu "Mini" (Quote unquote because mini is still a big portion) or seafood combo. Chicken Katsu mini comes with a lot of chcken katsu (chicken katsu is fried chicken breasts), one scoop of rice, and macaroni salad which is bomb. The sauce for chicken katsu is great, as I've tried to make it at home myself but have failed miserably.I can't remember exactly what comes in seafood combo, but i believe it was chicken katsu, two fried shrimps, and a piece of fried mahi mahi with two scoops of rice and a whole lot more macaroni salad. All their fried stuffs are very crispy, not too crispy, but little over just the right amount and I like it this way.I've also gotten their musubi and saimin before. I'm not a huge fan of their saimin. The soup was good, but the noodles were too sticky for my taste. Musubi on the other hand, soo great.If you can't decide what to for lunch, just stop by L&L. Staff at this location is very friendly, and usually food is prepared pretty fast so you won't have to wait.
4	L&L is like the McDonald's of Hawaiian BBQ you see them everywhere and you just drive right by, we had them in Northern Cali and once we moved here I did not see this one until we went to get groceries at Sams Club with an empty stomach. Instead of getting our groceries and going home to throw down like Bobby Flay we went to L&L for some Katsu Chicken and guess what..... It was exactly like the Cali Locations. The staff was friendly and the food was very fast to hit our table. One of the things that L&L does consistently is fill that Styrofoam box to this brim and they do it for cheap. I have never been to Hawaii and I don't walk around saying Maholo to every person that I think has any Hawaiian features or characteristics so I can't write that this meal reminded me of my wild Hawaiian nights when we dug up a pig and broke pineapples on each others chests but I will say that if "real" Hawaiian food tastes as good if not better than L&L I may become an Island local someday. Back to the portions they give you; first of all, if that is one chicken breast in that tray I would love to see the guy that wrestled that beast to its death  just to be able to cook it up and lay it on the Huge scoops of white rice paired with a side of delicious macaroni salad. To top off this pile of scrumptiousness they have the absolute best teriyaki/BBQ sauce I have ever tasted, as many times as I have tried to buy my own teriyaki sauce it is never like the sauce at L&L it is not too sweet and that is the golden ticket for me. Overall this place is great and definitely perfect when you are hungry and in a hurry to get a great meal, and oddly enough when you leave there you may even feel like an honorary Hawaiian and feel the need to say maholo to someone on your way out.
5	This is a great L and L BBQ Chain. I have tried alot of them. This one is a corporate owned one that is why the quality is on the spot. The one on Maryland in Vegas sucks! It is franchised with the dumb staff taking short cuts which loses quality.  If you like the L and L chains, go to this one!
4	My husband is from south Florida & I am from Texas so neither of us have ever tried Hawaiian food before. I've heard this was sort of a chain-type restaurant but that it was still very good so we gave it a try & were very impressed. My husband got the regular short rib plate (two scoops of rice & one scoop macaroni salad) & I got the mini chicken katsu plate (one scoop of rice & one scoop macaroni salad). Even for the mini plate, the portions were huge & I couldn't eat all of it! It's very inexpensive & very delicious. Everyone who was behind the counter was super nice & attentive. Also, I have recently tried the mochiko chicken & it's also very good. (: Tons of food for very cheap!
3	I've never been a big fan of L&L, especially since I've had better, but I gotta say the mochiko chicken here is pretty good. That's all I order there. Another plus, their "mini" plates are pretty big.
3	I've only been to L&L once, and I don't know that I'll come back anytime soon. See, the thing is, there are a lot of other places to get good Hawaiian food, so...I came to this place a little before noon one day while waiting for a job interview. The place was empty, and the girl working the register was herself eating some teriyaki chicken. It looked good, so I ordered myself the same thing!When I FINALLY got my order (it seemed to take too long considering I was the only one there) and started to chow down, it wasn't what I was expecting. It was good, but it wasn't as piping hot as I expected it would be. Plus, there wasn't a lot of sauce like I was expecting. The only thing that seemed to be really good was the rice, which, admittedly, isn't the hardest thing to make. As I was eating, a guy came in to order some food. He ordered something, and was out a few minutes later. I think they hadn't fired up the grill until I got there, so the second order was quicker than mine. The food here was passable, and didn't seem to expensive, either. It's just that, when compared to Aloha Kitchen, this place fails. It's not as good, as fast, or even as cheap. I'll come here again, sure, but it won't be because I'm dying to come here.
5	Love love love!!!!!!
4	Let me start by saying that I am not the biggest fan of Hawaiian food.  They have these places all over town.  One day I went and ordered something and didn't like it.  I think I didn't like so much that I blocked out what I had from my mind.  Let's fast forward a couple years.  One of my coworker's always went and got food from L&L and it looked good.  So one weekend my wife and were out running errands and I suggested this place.  I ordered the garlic chicken special and my wife got the bar b que beef.  The garlic chicken special was amazing.  They must put some sort of magic on it in the back.  I had dreams about this chicken for weeks.  Every once and while I have to get my "fix" here!  L&L is the place to go.  The service is always friendly and helpful if it is your first ordering experience.  So go check this joint out! Mahalo!
3	While not of the same quality, L&L is definitely reminiscent of the "real" stuff in HI and the portions are generous (see pic); if you need some Hawai'ian flavors here on the mainland, this is the place to go (although I was disappointed that there was no chicken laulau and the kalua pork was over salted).
4	its was decent food.  Cant go wrong with rice and fried food.  only down fall is that there was a catered party that was ordered and the estimated 5 mins turned into 25 mins.  Good thing we ordered it Togo and was there before the flood gates opened.  This place gets pretty busy...Food Quality is good, Seemed fresh and staff was friendly.
2	This place is A-ok. If there isnt any other hawaiian place near you and you see L&L it will do. I'm not that big of a fan with their meats it seems like it isnt fresh .. i normally order the mix plate and the chicken katsu.. It's not all that great. The katsu sauce was a bit watery and I asked the girl if this was Katsu sauce?  she said yes and had to look at it twice. I told her katsu sauce isnt suppose to be watery at all she even agreed.  I wouldnt recommend this place to anyone I would only eat here if i had no choice.
4	Being from Chicago this was my first Hawaiian restaurant experience. I was definitely happy. I had the chicken saimon which is like noodle soup. It was good and the chicken had great flavor. I also had the spam musubi, which is now one of my favorite things to eat. Granted I'm no expert on Hawaiian food, but this hit the spot. I'll be back.When I returned I had the Chicken Saimon again and than the Chicken Katsu rice bowl. Both good.....very satisfied.
2	huh..... Not the L&L I'm use to in Cali or Phoenix. Maybe it was because of the conditions the employees were in (sadly, their A/C went out) that made their food not quite as good as I expect all L&L places to be. Ordered the same: Kalbi and chicken katsu. Took it to go, obviously hehe. You really cant mess up chicken katsu, which they didnt, phew. Kalbi was not as flavorful nor well done to my desire. Macaroni salad was not as garlicy but yummy nonetheless. Ordered Spam Musubi and there was only one and the spam was more thinly sliced than what I'm use to.They didn't even have the thick teriyaki sauce :( nor the garlic chili sriracha/simbal. Sad to say, I brought my wife to this L&L, her first hawaiian bbq experience and she was not impressed :(
2	Upon entering this restaurant, the first thing I noticed were the old dirty chairs and the faded pictures in the wall. The table tops were old and dingy and the front counter was cluttered. I discover that a key was needed to use the restroom and that was truly a sign. The stench of the restroom was unbearable! I've never had to go to the restroom that bad.It is unfortunate that this restaurant is so dirty, because the food was pretty good. I did, of course, take it home. I had chicken katsu wit rice and fries. The chicken was tender and juicy with a very tasty crunch. The rice was as good as could be expected for white rice, tender and a little sticky. The fries were decent and the sauce that came with it really bright the meal together. Overall, a good meal. The good meal is far shadowed by the filthy restroom and lack luster dining room. Too bad they don't have a drive-thru.
5	1st time ever here so I tried the BBQ Chicken bowl. It comes with rice & veggies & it was only $4.50! Very fresh & the restaurant was clean. Ill definitely be back :)
5	Being a 9th island girl (Hawai'i to Vegas transplant) I've always been an L&L fan but it's a been a while since I've ate at L&L, not because I don't crave island food but because I've been doing my best to eat healthier. Trying my best. But.... I CAVED IN. *Innocent face*. It's easy to cave in when you drive pass this place several times a week and you can smell the savory aroma of Hawaiian BBQ from the street!!!  I've been to this location at least 3 times in the past week! My excuse is, I've been busy moving, so it's great that I can stop in and order a plate lunch after a couple long and exhausting days of moving, without having to search through boxes of stuff for pans and food to cook. I like this location A LOT better than the Stephanie location! This is my new go-to spot for L&L. In this review, I'm comparing the Stephanie & Serene locations b/c it's the only Vegas L&Ls I've been to more than once. The Serene location: It's cleaner, the customer service is friendlier (Aloha-style), the food taste fresh and well cooked, the ambiance feels like I'm back home, in the islands. And I'm bound to run into someone I know, which is nice, sometimes ;). The experience I get at this location is what mainland L&L should be, it will not compare to the original Hawai'i L&L, but this location (in my opinion) is up to par. Also, the obvious fact that this location has more people flowing in and out says something. I use to go to the Stephanie location a lot but over the pass few years the Stephanie location is not what it use to be. Not a lot of people go to that location anymore since they've built several L&Ls around the Vegas Valley. Here at the Serene location, the staff has good customer service, the location is a perfect spot, the food (especially the BBQ Chicken) taste better here, the food is definitely well cooked and consistent at the Serene location.I've had almost everything on the L&L menu but at this location I've had the BBQ chicken plate and the Garlic Fish plate.  Both are onoliscious and cooked to perfection.  Mmmm... I'm craving both right now. The Garlic Fish is my new personal favorite. A few days ago, was my first time having it at L&L, but it was delicious!! I'm not sure what type of fish it is (see my photo) but I'll ask next time I stop in. The Garlic Fish is grilled with fresh garlic and green onions and comes with slices of lemon to drizzle over when you're ready to scarf in down. ONOLISCIOUS! Everything on the menu is drool worthy but If you can't decide what to get.... get the Chicken Katsu, L&L is most famous for their Chicken Katsu (don't forget the Katsu sauce), the BBQ plates (Chicken, Beef, Short Ribs), or my new personal favorite, the Garlic Fish. Each regular plate comes with 2 scoops rice & 1 scoop mac salad. Get the regular plate not mini it's two meals in one (for me it is) and you'll want some leftovers for later. If that's not enough, order an extra plate for later.
3	So, Hawaii is amazing and the food on the islands is great. Eating at an L&L on the islands definitely has a different flavor then  eating at one here on the mainland. That being said its still pretty good.Ultimately the Resteraunt is clean and the staff is friendly. The price of the food is truly a great deal and you can tell that love is definitely an ingredient. My only real complaint was "fork to mouth time!" In essence that means how long did it take to get the food to me so I can put it in my hungry growling belly! The waiting time for the dishes took to long and if you are starving don't go here for a quick fix. But if you can wait a little bit..it's worth it.I placed my order at 12:47 pm and received it at 1:05pm
3	First of all, I am a huge fan of Hawaiian Food, and have enjoyed L& L many years. However, after expanding my taste buds to Hawaii, California and some great Hawaiian food here in the Vegas Valley, I have to say, hmmmmm not bad L& La. Location - This one is near the Walmart / Sams Club on Serene just west of Eastern.  Easy location and parking.b.  Service - Is, not great, but not mediocre. It is just okay. They do not attempt to make a difference or to make it a great experience.c.  Food - Great overall selection.  We ordered the Katsu and the Beef plate.  The Katsu was quite good and they give you a ton of food. The Mac Salad was just right.  Where they get seriously dinged on the stars is the beef.  Can you remove the fatty tendons that is all over the beef?  You cannot eat this properly because so much sinewy fat is in this beef. It is tough, rough and downright a pain in the but to cut away with a plastic fork and plastic knife in a styrofoam plate.  This is evident to the quality of beef they are using and I would say that all their salty flavorings are covering up the poor meet taste.  However, the texture totally reeks of poor quality.d.  The bathroom - Why do lock it?  What a pain where your hands are totally greasy from trying to pick apart the fat from the meat. Then we cannot just push our way into the restroom, we have to pick up a key on a long stick, work the lock and get in.  I just want to wash my hands and now I have to wash first to pick up the keys..... Yucky.Overall, the taste of the flavoring is good, the katsu good, but the beef and the inconvenience of this place overall causes me to give this a 3 star at best.GK says, gas is still cheap. Keep driving to somewhere else...
4	Always enjoyed the lunch specials here for a healthy alternative.  I always get the garlic shrimp with macaroni salad.  Last time I was here it seemed like the portion of shrimp had gone down though...I think I seriously counted like 6 shrimps, and they are not jumbo, more of like the 22-30ish count size.  oh well, great flavors though.
3	Again I must report, this place is ok, just ok. Nothing to rave about, but nothing to decry either. So there you go. All I can say is two scoops of rice is too much. There wis better fast food out there now go and find it. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
1	I just ordered short ribs. And I know their quality isn't the best, but when I got home and opened my dinner, I got the most thinly cut horribly cooked short ribs I've ever gotten. ever!!!! And I am not one to complain, but this is ridiculous! Not happy at all!
4	Food is pretty simple, but always great.  Service varies anywhere from ok to really good at this location.  Love Hawaiian food in general, so giving 4/5 stars.
4	They give plenty of food, if like grind this is the place to come. You get your starch for sure. Plenty of rice and your mac salad is filling. I love the Chicken Katsu Curry with the curry on the side for my dipping. I like my chicken crispy.
4	We were driving past, I read the name and my fiance said you want to give it a try?  As is my nature, I said yes.  The food was good.  My fiance had the Beef Mix and I had the Seafood mix.  I wish mine had not been deep fried but that was my fault for not checking ahead of time.  My fiance's beef was very good.  The cole slaw was great.The service and attention we received from the young lady behind the counter was FANTASTIC.  I would recommend the place because of her alone.  She truly seemed to understand Hawaiian food and explained thing pretty well.  Personally, I had a hard time getting past the Spam dishes... something in my mid-westerner snob makeup won't let me try it.  We may go again at some point.
1	Wish i could give this place a negative- 5. Stopped there because it was late and near WALMART.  The condition of the bath room is your best clue as to what to expect of the food.  The chicken was grease bomb,no quality what so ever. Had the runs the next day. I've been to Hawaii ..and this place it's not it. Will never turn !!!!   On a positive side the ice was frozen water.
4	One of my spots when the wifey ain't around the BBQ mixed is my fav either this or cheesestake !!!!
2	I paid extra for Kim chi and did not get it in my take out as well as the macaroni salad. When you do not complete an order, you get a bad review.  It is important to check take out orders. There is nothing more annoying than getting home and finding out food you ordered is not in your bag.
5	Friendly folks, good no nonsense food. Love it. L&L is franchised so I've noticed that different locations give more or less food. This location is generous with the portions and the employees are always nice.
5	Mmmmm yummy in my tummy!!!  Got the regular chicken katsu plate and it was GOOD!!!!  The chicken was super crispy and cooked perfectly!   Katsu sauce was really good and had the perfect amount of spice!   Wish I had the recipe for their macaroni salad, mmmm!!   I'll definitely be back next time I'm in Vegas!
5	The staff and menu seem to change frequently but they still keep the staples consistent and keep that familiar L&L flavor.
4	Can't believe I haven't left a review here yet but I've been here almost 10 times atleast. I noticed a lot of hawaiin spots here in Vegas . I guess I'm gonna have to be more critical now since there are so many locations to grub on some hawaiin foods. However this one is the first name that comes to mind when I crave chicken katsu and the loco moco.
5	Always a good place to go when craving Hawaiian food! Price is cheap and also food is good and a good portion!
4	I have never experienced Hawaiian food until I moved to Vegas about 2.5 years ago and while leaving Walmart I decided to give this place a try. I had no clue what Hawaiian food was so i felt like i would take a risk and see what they had to offer. I was so surprised it's not that different from our food the things we tried was the bbq chicken and, my husband got the seafood platter. The many visit we made since then we tend to stick with what we like so we ordered the same thing. One thing that surprised me was the macaroni salad, this stuff is amazing!! its the first thing i eat each time. I ordered my same today and my husband as well but one of the meat choices he changed to was kaluah pig with cabbage, it was so delish perfectly seasoned and cooked it's now one of my favorites. The place is always clean and the staff is friendly and you don't feel rushed to order your food.
4	Whenever my ex-roommate's bro come into town before heading down to SD, I can always count on a delicious trip here.  -:)  He doesn't have one in Montana so it's a must whenever he comes through!This location is a pretty good one and most of the time I go there I order the curry katsu chicken - and when I remember I order the curry sauce on the side.  This is to keep the chicken crisp.  Sometimes I forget.  D:-The spam musubi is also delicious here.  *_*  But I love spam.  And seaweed.  And rice.  And mmm.Orders come up fairly fast and they're nice about cups for water - some places give you that, "Oh, you're THAT person" look when you ask for a cup of water.  Not here.  I just simply prefer water to bubbly sugar drinks.At some point, I must try the loco moco.  -:3
