2	Gas prices are inordinately high here, either due to lake proximity or being the last station on the way out of town. This area is in desperate need of more options. If you're a gas station tycoon I suggest building across the street!
4	Good Gas Station Location. It's near Interstate Hwy 17 and close to Anthem factory Outlets.
3	I think because, we're so close to the lake they feel the need to charge more for gas. Smart move for them. I hate having to get gas in Phoenix and If I forget I have to pay their miserable gas prices! I've had a clerk tell me I don't look like my ID and I look to young to be buying a husband cigarettes. Rude?GAS IS SKY HIGH!!!!!!
1	STUPID EXPENSIVE !!! not so much a fan as beeing more of a hater!! don't get cought slipping here with an empty gas tank! you WILL cry as the little hateful digits on the gas pump laugh at you!!!!
2	The store is dirty. The soda fountain is sticky and weirdly organized. The gas is stupid expensive. Yes, it is high because of proximity to the lake and it being one of the last stations out of town, but it also stays high because all the stations on Carefree HWY (including two other Four Sons) are super highly priced.The staff is hit and miss. Some are okay, some are downright apathetic. They get two stars because there are FAR worse stations than this that exist (read: the little gas pump by the grocery store in Black Canyon City...)
4	Good prices, especially since they started taking Safeway points for fuel discounts. This place is always clean and well kept. This is my most frequented gas station by far
1	Unfortunately I echo most of the reviews here. Their gas prices are astronomical compared to competition, 0.40 higher than most other stations. Unfortunately there is only one gas station at Carefree and I-17 which I am assuming is why they are so anti-competitive, which hopefully one day will end. I actively avoid getting gas here for this reason.
1	Rude cashier, I believe her name was Erin (short blond hair). We use this gas station, but dread having to go inside because the service is always so poor.
