5	This was probably the best Jack experience I've had.It is a tradition I have with one of my girlfriends to grab a couple tacos after a show or some drinking. Basically, just a late night.We pulled up at something like 3:30am.The guy at the drive through was ridiculously nice. I'm still talking about how nice he was 3 days later!They still had their shake machines running. They ran out of whipped cream for my friend's shake so he asked if she wanted extra ice cream or cherries on top. We said go for it! Gosh, we got extra ice cream & like, 6 or 7 cherries lolOh yeah, & the taco's? Fresh. Stuffed. Hot. Greasy. GOOD! Why do we like these mini coronary inducers? Guilty pleasure. My friend & I agreed, these were better than other Jack tacos we've had.
3	Double Check your order, usually correct but have had to take in a few items. Not Bad and Super close
4	For a Jack in the Box in that part of town, it was pretty nice.
1	Drive thru chick named Kylie wouldn't take my order because I wanted two separate orders at 1 am. Both very small and simple, with one car in the drive thru other than myself. What a joke.
2	I've been here 3 total times and the first time was a great experience. My order was fast and correct and the little girl working that night was very friendly and professional. She did such a good job that although I had a bad experience at a different location using mold ham on my sandwich, this girl had me change my mind about hating the place.However I wish she would have been there the other times because my order was super screwed up there after.  The second time while placing my order the guy taking it just quit talking to me mid sentence. I sat there a minute wondering if I should pull forward or wait.  I pull forward after a while and give order at the window. They bring out something else and I hand the bag back and tell them the order isn't right. They add more items in the bag. At first I think awesome free stuff!!!! Until I realize hey they charged me for everything. That includes the multitude of burgers I never ordered. Never an offer to refund me or something else.The only reason I gave this place an extra star is the lovely girl whom helped me the first time.  But now I'm sorry jack, I just can't return here anymore.
