1	I live in Gilbert, AZ (moved here recently from Oregon. Hence, if my Yelp account appears to be from Oregon, that's why. I'm going to try to change that.)Anyway, I hardly ever write negative reviews on line about companies but I just had to review this company's actions lest someone else get treated like I did.We had scheduled an appointment for them to come out and look at our a/c on what I believe was a Tuesday (day doesn't matter.) Well, turns out, I had to reschedule it because of a conflict. Fine. We rescheduled it for Friday. When I talked to the scheduler, he gave me two time frames. Between 8am and noon, or noon and 5pm. My previous appt was between noon and 5pm. I told the guy that we could keep it the same. But then a few seconds later, I said, "No, let's change it to the morning." The scheduler said that was fine and the schedule showed that it would be around noon (later part of the 8am to noon timeframe) and that it would be the owner coming and we'd really be able to figure out what was going on. (They had already come twice before and the problem was still not fixed. But I wasn't upset about that.)So, I called them at 2:30pm and asked what was up. The answer was "the appts before you ran long... he'll be there as soon as possible." Strike 1... not calling the customer to let them know you're running late. I had to call them. Okay, fine.I called them back at 4:50pm or so. What's up, guys? "Sorry... he's going to be there in about 30 minutes or so." I said that I won't be able to be here after 5pm but if he doesn't need access to the house, then I don't really need to be here... right? That's when the shenanigans started. The woman that works there got on the line and we got into a discussion about the timing. This woman is a piece of work, I tell you. She's highly unprofessional when dealing with customers (I had ran into that during an earlier conversation, when she was telling me that my unit was probably working as best as it was going to work and she's not even a technician, and even if she was, she had no business diagnosing my unit from the office.. but I digress.) I told her that our appt was in the morning so I couldn't really be expected to stay until after 5pm and that we should really reschedule it if he couldn't get there while I was at home or just do his work without my being here. Then she started to ARGUE with me over the original time of the appointment. I couldn't believe my ears. Then she kept saying that they couldn't send the technician without someone being there to let him in. I kept saying that if they had stuck to the original time, we wouldn't have had this conversation. Or at the very least, CALLED ME to say they couldn't make it in time and to reschedule or whatever. Then she had the gall to tell me that my until was probably a contractor grade unit and it was just no good any more, most likely. My head was about to explode during this conversation. Then on top of all that, she rudely said that they were NEVER coming to my house and hung up on me. Here's what SHOULD have been said... "I'm terribly sorry, Sir. We obviously had a misunderstanding on the timing. That coupled with our day going longer, it's just best that we reschedule this appt." But NOOOO... she's got to basically ramp me up to the point that I'm SCREAMING into my phone like a banshee, because I'm just so pissed at this point.It is my considered opinion, from having dealt with this company on three different occasions over the same a/c issue, that you not use them. All other things being equal, it's just not worth the potential grief that you might endure.Incidentally, I don't post this lightly. I even sent a message to the owner, giving him the chance to apologize for the way this employee treated a customer (I'm an owner myself, of a business, and I would want someone to give me that courtesy as I can't control every aspect of my employee's actions.) But I got no response from him. It's obvious that this kind of behavior is condoned within this company.Buyer beware.
5	I bought a house about a year ago, and unfortunately did not completely realize what I was getting myself into. My a/c is old and neglected. Needless to say we have had several issues with it in this short year and have had several different companies come out to check and help with the numerous breakdowns we have had. Of all the companies that have come out Shamrock has really stood out above the rest. Every one recommends that we buy a new a/c, and frankly that is not an option right now, so we just need to do what we can to keep the current one running. Our first call out to Shamrock was at the beginning of July, right in the thick of our 110+ degree weather. They were able to get to us within 24hours, which was better than most other overbooked companies. When their technician arrived he was very friendly and polite, took time to listen to my explanation of the problem then went to see for himself. After careful review he let me know he had to go get a new part and to my HUGE relief, was going to be able to fix the problem that day. After a couple of hours of work he knocked on my door and brought me the piece that he removed/replaced and explained what it was and how it broke. I was surprised he took the time to explain, especially because I am a female - all other male technicians I had experienced with other companies treated me as though I would never understand so all I needed to know was whether the problem ws fixed or not. He then went on to give me recommendations on how to keep my unit running more effeciently and suggested maintenance options. Of course this was his selling point but I respectfully declined, and instead of the uncomfortable awkwardness you usually get when trying to get rid of a "salesman" IN your house, he acknowledged my choice and was polite when leaving. Within two weeks another piece failed, I called Shamrock again and they fixed within 24hours and I was not charged the service fee because it was reported within such a short time of my initial call. I ultimately had to call a third time and had the same experience, and again was not charged the service fee. By this time I know the technician and we discuss the maintenance options again and at this point I am not only eager to sign up, but am completely confident that I am making a good investment with a company I trust. I am happy to report the a/c has been functioning well and Shamrock has definitely won our business and loyalty!
5	I had great service from Shamrock they showed when they were supposed to and fixed the job the first time. My technician Lonnie went above and beyond what was asked of him. He worked on my unit in the rain so I could get my A/C working again. I know for a fact that someone else would of just rescheduled leaving my family out for another night in the heat. It is Arizona in the summertime without A/C it is unbearable.
5	Shamrock Heating & Cooling sent Leigh B to look at our heat pump. Not only was he on time, professionally dressed, he was very informative and quickly solved our problems. All in a very friendly manner with a smile on his face. I will for sure be calling  Shamrock and asking for our new best friend Leigh.Thank you for caring Connie Eschinger
1	Took this firm four tries to fix my air conditioner last July.  Wouldn't have cared except for the 115 degree temperatures at that time.  Would recommend avoiding this firm at all costs.
5	Very fine Service and technician.  Rocky, came out on the service call. After I gave him a short explanation of the problem and we looked at our A/C units, he went straight to work.  He used is own tools and put on shoe protectors while walking through our house.  He replaced one of the electric motors that force the cooled air through our house (he had the spare in his company Van).  He finished by checking out the operation, had me sign off on the paperwork, took the payment using my Visa Card, then left.Very courteous during his short time at our house.I highly recommend Shamrock as I cannot see how this job could have been performed any better.  I am very satisfied and will use Shamrock again.
1	Be very careful of using this firm.  My experience.The contract, or receipt if you will, says that there is a one year warranty on parts and labor.  I had Climate Pro come to perform maintainance on my systems this week and the technician indicated that the part that Shamrock Heating and Cooling installed in my sysem in August 2012 was not working correctly, and needs to be replaced.  I am advised that the replacement will be very expensive.As their contract provides a one year warranty, I contacted Shamrock to arrange for repair.  I was told that because the original service was provided pursuant to a whole house warranty through 2-10 Home Buyers Warranty  the provisions of Shamrocks warranty do not apply.  Funny their contract does not inform you of that.They choose to ignore their contract language and, therefore, I consider them not reputable.
5	Rocky C was very friendly and on time. He stayed Friday afternoon late to ensure the work was done. I would 100% use this company again and ask for him.
5	I have used Shamrock for about a year now after signing a yearly contract for semi-annual 'tune-ups'.   I am very happy with them and their service techs!  Rocky came out today for a service call and was on time, did an excellent job, and explained his findings in a clear and consise manner.  I've had the experience with MANY other service companies who are late or they call you at the appointment time to tell you they are going to be another hour, or two . . .  I appreciate good customer service and Shamrock delivers!
5	Great courteous service.
1	Awful Awful service!!!  Not from the actual technician but the representative who fields the calls.  I was supposed to have them come do maintenance on my air conditioning unit last Thursday.  This is after they already did two service calls from my home warranty.  Their diagnosis was was that I needed maintenance on the unit.  So I agreed to a service contract, took the day off work ( since the window was between 12-5) and patiently waited all day.  Then No phone call, no one ever showed up and I had to wait until the next day to talk to somebody.  When I called the next morning to speak with the representative, Chris, again he did nothing to rectify the situation except reschedule me for the following Monday.  He did say that someone would be there at 10am.  I called that Monday prior to 10am to make sure they would be arriving he said yes very close to 10 am.  Finally at 1045 I had to call again and he then said they would be there between 10-2.  I was so fed up with the service that I cancelled and told them I would be calling Parker and Sons.  We also asked to speak to a supervisor multiple times and he wouldn't even put one of them on the phone!!  I hope the supervisor knows what is going on there because this is very terrible customer service!!  I will NEVER use them again.  I am calling my home warranty to tell them how poorly I have been treated!!!
5	Sean from Shamrock Heating & Cooling came to check out my air conditioner ... after I had another company check it.  My unit was 12 years old and my compressor was burned out.  I ended up buying a new unit and now have a 10 year warranty for partsand labor, plus 2 tune-ups a year from Shamrock and that's at half the price the other company quoted me.  I now have peace of mind next summer or summers after when something goes wrong ... Shamrock comes the day you call.   I believe most of us in AZ have home warranties mainly for our air conditioners.  But they only bandaid what they need, and then again when something goes wrong, usually after waiting a few days for that.  I no longer need a Home Warranty since I have Shamrock.  So glad I found them .... thanks Sean!
5	Experienced analysis skills, honed in on problem areas efficiently.  Thanks!
5	Rocky showed up at the time expected and also provided a courtesy call with 30 minute arrival time. I really appreciate that! He got my heat working again and was friendly and courteous. My dogs enjoyed his visit too! Overall, great job!
5	About 18 months ago we finally had to replace our old a/c unit. Shamrock comes out every 6 months to make it's running properly for us. Today, our technician was Rocky C. He arrived right on time, was professional and took the time to explain everything he did. Amazing service every time!
5	Shamrock has been providing us with years of service since Sean installed our Goodman gas pack back in 2008.  He has always provided excellent service though the years and has a great crew of knowledgeable professionals that are always on time and actually call you when they are on their way.  Excellent warranty and they stand behind it.   Its a completive market but I encourage you to give Shamrock a call.   Thank you Sean and crew.
5	I called Shamrock when my a/c was blowing hot air. Their service was suggested to me by friends I trusted implicitly.  The call was scheduled promptly  and with near immediacy. Sean was punctual and friendly. His knowledge, expertise and professionalism came through every step of the way.  Never once did I feel like I was given the hard sell to purchase units or plans that I didn't need. Sean diagnosed the immediate problem and  he offered several options that fit my cooling and budget needs.  These ranged from short term to long term and included additional maintenance and warranties. These options allowed me not only to fix the problem but also keep my a/c running smoothly, which is super important during the hot summer months. I was  extremely satisfied with Shamrock. I have recommended them to friends, family and acquaintances in need.  I use them for regular maintenance and emergencies. They are excellent, trustworthy and terrific!!!!!
5	Great service.  Very professional company. Jay showed up on time after the office gave me a 30 minute call ahead. Jay was personable and friendly. After informing me as to the system observations he gave us several repair options. Will definitely use shamrock for future needs.
5	Great service with same day response! Which is amazing in this Arizona heat. Jay was very professional and made me feel very comfortable in trusting him. After he explained to me what he found and his observations he gave me several different repair options. Choose the option with extended warranties and service. Will most defiantly use them again!
5	Our ac went out on the hottest day of the summer and shamrock had someone out the next morning.  Sean S was here promptly the next morning and was very professional and helpful.  Not fun to have to spend so much but he had it fixed in a hour and a half.  Really appreciate it, thanks Sean!
1	I have had a very unfortunate experience with this company.  We bought an Amana unit from this company in 2010,  which they installed. The unit its self is a piece of crap but that I guess is another review... When we bought this unit we also bought their extended service contract which is 10 years parts and service... Most would think "great I don't have to pay when they come out to fix the unit" that would be great except they have been out 7 times this summer alone! The repairs started when this unit was only 2 years old. I don't believe their technicians know what they are doing...  And worse I NEVER get same day service as per their website and have NEVER gotten  priority service as per their website for service contract holders... In fact I believe I'm low priority since I don't have to pay when they come out.  I had to wait a week this last time.... They were just here Friday and the unit is still not cooling properly.  It's a total joke and ripoff not to mention extreme frustration. Seek service else where.
1	Worst ever...do not trust them..they were 100% wrong with their so called diagnosis all they want is money from you...I would NEVER EVER recommend them to anyone!!!
