4	I've been going here pretty much since they opened. They had a promotion (not sure if they still do it) where you get a license plate cover that entitles you to a $2 discount on every car wash. They also have annual passes you can buy if you want to maintain a super clean car. They do a good job and the staff are friendly. The windshield repair guys are a little aggressive though so beware of that. Overall, they do a fine job and I'd recommend them.
4	Went here to get the car cleaned and debugged from a drive to Vegas. They are super quick, it's affordable and the place is pretty new looking. They guy gave us a $2 coupon as we pulled in so cool!Pros:-Good carwash, super fast-Nice facility (compared to the old ones we have in HI)-Reasonably priced-Helpful staff, quick workers.Cons:-Location is not easy to find at first. When you cross over grand you have to turn left on 134th Ave and you'll see it kinda tucked away back there.
5	They always do a great job, even if you get a basic wash.  WAYYYYY better than cobblestone!  Great price, always fast.
3	They do an excellent job. Probably the best car wash I've ever had except for the shiny, waxy stuff they put all over my dash and plastic interior. Smells funny and the sun reflects off it into my window which is distracting. Next time I'll know to request they not put it on. I would NOT recommend getting the Yelp deal. I did and when I gave it to the cashier, neither she nor anyone else at the car wash knew what to do with it or had heard of the "Yelp" deal before. They had to call their boss at a funeral to find out what to do with it, which I felt guilty for and subsequently I spent an extra 10 minutes there waiting for them to figure it out.
5	Gifted myself yesterday with an early Christmas present by getting my car all gussied up inside and out before heading out to Cali and I've got to say I am very impressed with the whole deal. They moved quickly from the time I handed over the key to the final wipedown, pricing was very reasonable, they graciously took my no's to extra services the first time, and I even had the added bonus of not being hit on by some knucklehead young enough to be my son like at you-know-where (ahem! ahem!) farther down the street! They even passed my "test" - leaving the center console open where the drink holders are to see if they would take care of the sloshed-over soda. Great job, guys! I will definitely be a regular here.
5	Still bring our cars here, they are the best car wash we have ever used.  I used coupons and got both cars washed for under $25. They vacume well, shine everything, it is great.  They even taped my sun roof cuz it lets water in sometimes.
4	Between all the carwashes in Surprise this is the place to go.  They actually clean the interior, cupholders, etc.  Overall great job on all the cars and boats I had cleaned and waxed here.
4	Got one of our cars washed there on a Friday and didn't really have to wait too long.  There was a yelp check-in offer via yelp that we utilized.  We purchased the VIP wash and got $3 off the original price.  I would say they missed cleaning the side of the chairs, but other than that they did a good job.
4	TNT is my favorite car wash place.I have been always drive to over there to get my car clean up.I live on bell and 79th ave even tho there have lots of car wash but for me TNT is the best .nice peoples work over there,they take care of your car pretty good .I always tip them very good because they are hard workers.I am only talking about TNT in surprise not the one in Glendale.I visited TNT in Glendale one time.ekkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk.people who works over there are Lazy.they dont do good at all ....
3	I have been taking my car here for years and have been satisfied the majority of the time.  They do an average job cleaning up your car for the "regular" washes but I would recommend you look it over before you leave.  If you point out anything they missed before you leave they will fix it with no argument.  The only problem is the workers where you pick up your vehicle usually do not speak English so you have to find a way to explain what you want fixed.I hate it when you go to a carwash and the sales person is pushy about getting extra services when all you want is wash.  TNT is better than Cobblestone in this area but they are still a little annoying.I have gotten the full detail on my vehicles 2 times at TNT.  I was happy with the work but I felt it was a little overpriced and I have found other full detail services that will do a better job and charge less.I have never gotten an oil change/lube service at this business.
3	Just moved to the area and were looking to get our truck washed. It wasn't overly dirty but we had to ask them to redo the windshield twice since they really didn't seem to try to get it clean. Inside could have been done a little better as well BUT, we were tired of being harassed by the windshield replacement guy while checking out the truck that we just wanted out of there. They have one guy that gets you when you arrive and another who gets you as you leave. Car wash wise I'd go back but knowing  I'll get bugged upon arrival and departure by these guys make me want to find another place, even if I have to drive a little further.
5	The Original Review is at the bottom - 3 stars.The Revised Review is here - 5 starsI posted a 3-star review.  WITHIN AN HOUR, the manager (I wish I could remember his name) of TNT had called me up to find out what went wrong with my visit, because he had read my Yelp review.  That's some damn good response time, and if any company cares enough about their service to call customers and make things right like that, it's a 5-star business.Anyway, we talked about my visit.  He remembered he was the one who talked to me about the dog hair, and was surprised and upset that his crew didn't perform as advertised.  He offered to fix it right away (I was trading it in, which is why I brought it to them, so that wasn't really an option), and if I didn't have the vehicle, to bring another vehicle in for a free wash.  We discussed my encounter with his cashier, and he seemed genuinely interested in making my next trip there a good one.  Thanks, manager-whose-name-I-forgot, for the EXCELLENT customer service.  I understand that things go wrong from time to time, but so few businesses really care about making them right.  What else could you ask for?*****ORIGINAL REVIEW*****If I had written this review 3 years ago, they would have gotten 5 stars.  Now...I've been here a few dozen times over the past decade. They do a relatively good job at a relatively decent price, although the past few times I've been here, the quality has dropped off.  Even so, I've never left feeling disappointed until today.  Docked them one star for doing a mediocre job on the carpet cleaning (had a lot of dog hair when I went in, had a fair amount when I left).  Disappointing for the money I paid for the shampooing.  And the fact that I asked specifically if they would get it all out, and was assured they would.  The rest of the car looked great, though.  One more star got taken off because their cashier is apparently really not happy to be there, and it shows. Good customer service ends when you walk in, I guess.  This experience won't stop me from coming here, but I'd still feel better about the experience if the "inside" employees cared about customers.  And although I think the quality has dropped off, my car still looks better than when I take it down the street to their competitor.
3	I have always used TNT but after my last few visits, I may find a new place to get my car washed. The last few times I have been there, it has taken an extremely long time to wash my car yet it wasn't busy at all. My car just sat there waiting for detailing untouched. When it was finished, the cleanliness was disappointing. A lot of things were missed. They used to be so good. The one consistent thing has been that the cashiers have always been very welcoming, friendly and helpful.
3	Purchased they most expensive wax/wash/leather treatment inside and out option for my BMW 325CI.  60.00 I will say the service was quick.  They exterior still had some left over wax. (Not much) interior vacuum job was 3/5 due to debri still left over.  My interior is black so EVERYTHING shows.  The leather treatment made a big difference and I would give that a 5/5.  So to sum up:-Exterior wax/wash 3/5 (due to left over wax) -Interior 3.5/5 (due to vacuum job) -Timing 5/5 (very quick!) it is a sports car so there's just not a lot of it to clean. So this might have something to do with it.  *would have rated a 4/5 but that vacuum job was a little disappointing.  Wax wasn't such a big deal.  Took me one minute to rub off the excess wax.
1	Waited today from 1:10 p.m. to 1:51 p.m. for a car wash.  Watched three people work on many cars, but never ours.  The bottom line was when we had waited 45 minutes and a water company truck pulled in and they all jumped right on it.  We asked them why ours wasn't being done and they said it was finished.  We had stood right in front of the vehicle and saw it wasn't touched.  They argued with us till we went and found the manager Dave S.  He said, "Calm down, it's just a car wash."  We said we wouldn't be coming back and he said, "Good, get out of here."  The reason the staff is so rude is because of their leadership.  The reason we gave it a one is because they did get of a stripe of grease that got on there during the car wash itself.  The manager needs people skills badly.  Cobblestone, we'll see you next week.
2	This place is right around the corner from my house and my fiance and I always take our vehicles here for washes and oil changes. It feels like this place has gotten progressively worse over the last year. This last time was the final straw. We brought both of our vehicles in last Saturday. He needed an oil change and a car wash and I just needed a wash. We waited in the filthy waiting area with the torn and stained furniture and when my car was ready it looked like it hadn't even been vacuumed and there were water spots all over it. We left to run errands before my fiance SUV was done. When we came back he went in to pay and there were additional charges. When he asked what they were for he was told that he need an extra quart of oil. He asked how many quarts were put in and was told 5. He told the girl that the engine was only a 4 quart engine. She looked confused and just stared at him. He told her that this was the last time that we would bring our vehicles there and she didn't seem to concerned. Needless to say we will be finding another place for car washes and oil changes. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. Pay the extra couple of dollars and go elsewhere.
4	I'm not the one that usually takes the cars in for a wash as I find it to be an annoying process. I don't like being hit up for oil changes, glass replacement, or getting the heavy handed pressure to upsize the wash. None of that happened at TNT and man was that refreshing! Yelp check-in got me $4 off on my VIP wash which was a bonus! Prompt, friendly service, no high pressure sales, and my car done right the first time--boy should Cobblestone and Classic Auto Spa take note!
3	The people washing and waxing my truck were great.  But the owner and cashiers not so much!
4	This is the best full service car wash in Surprise. They are competitively priced. Fairly quick and moderately friendly.  I have a couple problems with this, and all car washes. First, I DO NOT appreciate being accosted to have my chipped window repaired before I'm even out of my vehicle. As with all services, if I want it, I will seek Ye out! Secondly, I drive a 10 yr old minivan (hot, right?!). The no-mans land between the middle console and seats is too narrow to be vacuumed. Therefore, it is a chasm ripe with lettuce shreds, French fries, hair ties & nail clippings. The only way to clean it out is with an air hose. I almost always have to ask them to do it because it isn't something they normally do. If you are looking for a no-frills car wash in Surprise, I would recommend TNT.
4	First time visit and I was impressed (some of the reviews made me a bit nervous).   Wasn't sure what I wanted but Dave (manager) patiently answered all my questions.  I had a detail wash and 2 step buff & wax.  The wait went fast as there was lots to look at plus free wifi and a TV.  My vehicle was ready before I was.  A few dog hairs were missed on the vacuum but when I pointed that out a couple of willing guys quickly vacuumed again.  I found all the staff friendly, polite and helpful. Thanks for the great service and great job.  I'll be sure to recommend you to my snowbird friends.  Stay cool and see you in the fall!
4	Just tried Tnt Car Wash for the first time after seeing the Yelp reviews.  I've driven by this place many times in the past, but always thought it was an RV wash rather than both a car wash and an RV wash.  The service was great.  Everyone I spoke with was nothing but professional and the wait was very short, but granted I was there Tuesday at mid-day.  They were very thorough with the wash and I especially appreciated that they used the air hose to blow water out of tight spaces as part of their drying process.  The only reason I gave this review 4 stars instead of 5 stars is that I was disappointed that they use brushes on poles to scrub the car as it is being washed.  I have a black car and the brush scratches popped right out at me when I picked up the car.  Oh well, it was time to get it waxed again anyway.
5	They are willing to do a little extra, and always do a great job.  Very courteous.
4	Just got the $7 wash, but they did a great job and were very fast.
4	They did a great job. I went in for the first time and got the ultra wash. They were fast and efficient without skipping steps and being sloppy. I'll be back for another one soon. I have to keep my beauty clean. :)
4	Very clean and they do a good job too! I like that they scrub the car before it goes through the machine..nice touch!I'll definitely be back!
5	Located in Surprise right behind the large U-Haul building just past the train tracks.  Great place to get your car washed!  Staff are friendly, answer any questions you have, and aren't pushy with offering you services that you don't need as I have seen in some of the surrounding car washes in the neighborhood.The place is clean and well lit.You pull up to one of the stations just as you enter on the right, then you tell them what you want.  The attendant will mark your choice on one of your windows with a removable crayon.  Then you wait a minute while he prints out a receipt, you them exit the vehicle, and take the receipt inside to pay at the cashier who is also friendly and smiling.  You can either opt to stay indoors where it's cool and have a look at your car going through the wash through the large glass windows or you can wait outside.  When your car exits, one of the many attendants outside will take it and wipe the vehicle off of any remaining water and will shine the tires too even on the $9.00 ultimate external wash only.I even sometimes tip the attendants working on the cars outside as it's hot and they really do an excellent job of getting it ready for you.Will be coming back many more times!!!
5	Been coming here for years and have never once have had a reason to complain they do a amazing job! If you don't like what they did tell them and they will fix it. Today they actually upgraded me from a fireworks to a VIP for no reason and for free. Tuesdays is ladies day $2 off! During the winter expect the car wag to take a little longer than normal due to all the snowbirds. This is a kid friendly place! They have ice cream for sale and a window where they can sit and watch the car get washed. I would recommend this place to everyone!
1	I was extremely disappointed in the clean up job that TNT did for me recently. I have a truck and horse trailer that they have done a good job on several times. However with each visit the quality goes down and the price goes up. My last visit just 4 months ago was probably a 2 1/2 stars. They got all the bugs off and washed the truck and trailer to where I just had to do one wash job at home to finish it off. This time...the detail shop was not busy and they wanted to pick up some extra work.They talked me into waxing the trailer. Not only was the trailer not cleaned well, but they left wax in several spots..which I did not see until I got home. The truck...well I am glad I didn't waste money on the wax. They got the bugs off but left lots of grime around the wheel wells and doors...and the interior...well let's say they vacuumed the floor a bit and called it good to go. The quality has gone down and I hope they look at reviews and figure out how to retrain their teams and work back up to what used to be a good service. I won't be going back.
4	Solid visits since my original 3/31 visit and I am happy about the consistent service I receive here.  While I have been solicited a few times for auto glass repair by a guy who finds taking no difficult, it is overall a very nice location to visit.  Service is prompt, no high pressure sales to upgrade my wash or service, my truck is done right the first time and the lobby is very nice with a big viewing window to watch the cars go through the wash. Gotta love the $4 off with the Yelp che
4	Was looking for a car wash close by and found this one. Bought the $16 for $12 deal. They did a great job on my car and Gina the cashier did a great job handling redeeming my voucher (which she had not been trained on). I'll be back.
