5	I was nervous as this was my first experience with dog day care.  My rescue mini dachshund is afraid of larger dogs, and nervous with new situations.  The staff were wonderful with her, and the teacup room put her at ease since everyone was small like her.  They also have webcams so you can watch your dog play.  When I picked her up, I was made to feel very comfortable, and had all my questions answered.
5	Wish there were more than 5 stars! We love taking our pup to camp! She's been a camper since October-ish and at first would take her in as a "treat" to socialize her. Now we're on a 2 days a week package and we end up taking her 2 additional days just to tire her out (also, she gets super moody when she doesn't get her way). The Counselors are phenomenal! They know us the second our car pulls into the parking lot and are ready to greet her.  All of the counselors are super friendly and clearly love all of the animals that go to camp. Love that we can watch her play all day and that she's being well taken care of.  When our pup caught a bout of the stomach bug, they paid extra attention to make sure she was happy and healthy on her first day back and gave us a full report when we picked her up. Haven't used them for boarding but wouldn't hesitate for one second.
5	Writing from a friend's account, but we love Camp Bow Wow!  Thank you for taking such amazing care of Gabby - cheers, Jennifer
5	I have now used Camp Bow Wow for doggie day care and an overnight stay. I could not be more pleased. My dog, who is usually shy and timid, gets very excited when we come here. I love that you can watch your dog on the webcams right on your phone with the app. I would definitely recommend this place to other pet parents. These people are caring and really know what they are doing.
5	I love Camp Bow Wow!! I take my dog there for both daycare and overnight stays, and she always gets so much energy out. The people who work there are incredibly friendly, and I really feel like they genuinely care about my dog. I love being able to check in using their webcams. I feel so lucky to have found this place, and I can't recommend it enough!
4	We received a recommendation for Camp from obedience training for our dog that needed somewhere to run around and let out his extra energy. Many people are like "Oh doggy day care, I don't need that." Well it's not about YOU! Really if you have any consideration for your puppy and want to get him tired out.. THIS is the place to go. He loves to go and when it's time to pick him up he is a completely different dog. The staff at Camp are absolutely the best! Our pup recently got sick and the staff called to check on him, who does that? People who care! I would recommend Camp Bow Wow 100%
5	I've been coming to Camp Bow Wow for about 6 months now.  There is no better feeling when you're dropping your dog off than seeing your pooch's tail start wagging excitedly and giving kisses to the person who picks her up to take her back to the dog area.  All I have to do is say "We're going to camp" and my dog gets SO EXCITED.  I would have never expected this considering how shy she is.  Very pleased.
5	My dog absolutely loves Camp Camp Bow. The staff are knowledgeable, super friendly and recognize both myself and Henry as soon as we walk in! Worth noting: Henry is a french bulldog, a breed that has several special needs and I never feel nervous leaving him to board for a weekend - or even 9 days, as I did this summer - at Camp Bow Wow. They totally understand how he needs to stay cool and needs to take frequent breaks. And I think the most telling thing is: when we walk in camp, Henry literally can't contain himself, he is so excited.  He even runs as fast as he can to go back and start playing with his friends! (And this is saying something, as he is VERY attached to me.) The only thing I wish was different was longer hours - if they were open until 9 pm on weeknights, we would take Henry here to play during the day, too. But I simply can't make the 7 pm deadline. (Also longer hours on Sunday would be great, for a more flexible pickup schedule when returning from out of town.) Overall, great place!
5	This Camp Bow Wow location is incredible! My pooch absolutely loves it there. Forget about the goodbye kisses Mommy - I'm ready to play!The staff is super nice and know all the dogs by name.  I secretly tune in on the web cams while at work and can see how much they love on the dogs throughout the day.  The report card about how he's been always makes me chuckle.Best part? My dog never smells bad when he comes home, even if he's been there a few days for boarding. Only wish? A little later hours, maybe 8 or 9p on weekdays and a full Sunday to pick up my buddy. Fitzgerald gives it 2 paws up!
5	My dog is pretty shy, even though she's a large German Shepherd mix.  At Camp Bow Wow, they acknowledged this, and they give her lots of love.  She's also kind of a lazy dog - that is, she likes to lie in the sun and take naps all day.  What I love about Camp Bow Wow is that they will let her lay down in a kennel so she can nap.  The staff is courteous, friendly, and they really care about the animals.  They are very watchful, and after the initial first-day jitters, this Doggy Mom is very comfortable leaving her precious dog with the quite capable staff of Camp Bow Wow.
5	Our pup Otto has been a camper since we adopted him late last summer, and we've used Camp's boarding, day-care, grooming, and now training services. I cannot say enough amazing things about this place! He's happy to board there and happy--and healthy--every time we pick him up. And now that I've used it, I'd recommend their training services as well. Thanks in large part to Camp, our crazy rescue puppy has transformed into a sweet, calm(er...) and well-exercised family dog.The staff treat Otto like one of their own and really know him--we've even run into staff members on walks out in the city and as soon as Otto recognizes them, he gets so excited. I think our pup's enthusiasm speaks for itself!
5	I originally planned on dropping off the pooch once a week (let him run around, pee indoors without shame, get in bikini shape). The pooch enjoyed himself so much that now, like clockwork, he lays low until he hears me put on my shoes in the morning and sprints down two flights of stairs and refuses to let me go to work/plays the massive guilt card until I take him to camp. He's happy and we enjoy having a tuckered out pooch come evening. Worth the extra time added to morning and evening commute.
5	My pug has been going to Camp Bow Wow for a little over a year, and I have nothing but amazing things to say about this place. I'm neurotic about my dog and on the first day I left him there (for the interview), I was freaking out and checking the camera every minute, convincing myself that my dog was getting traumatized. Needless to say, I was very wrong, and since then, he starts whining anytime we get close to "camp". When he gets there, he runs in, asks to be taken back, and doesn't take a second look at me until I come pick him up. I can tell he absolutely loves the place and the counselors. I think every single one of the counselors loves dogs and completely understands how important they are to their owners. I've boarded him there for up to 5 days many times now, and I never thought I would be able to do that without freaking out, but I trust them completely. Every time I've picked him up after boarding, he's been in a great mood and seems like he had a great time! When I board him, I call them everyday, and even though I know it's annoying and they're super busy, they are always the nicest and make sure to go check to see if the dog is doing well. Not only do they love dogs, but they're all amazing people and nice to talk to. Even when it gets really busy (and it keeps getting busier, so they must be doing something right!), they are always courteous and available to answer any questions I have. Basically, if you're like me and you are overprotective of your dog, this is the best place ever. I haven't taken my dog anywhere else, but I know some places have lower prices for boarding and possibly daycare, but I feel that Camp Bow Wow really is worth every penny since my dog loves going there and I can trust them with the most important thing to me.
5	forgetting the challenges of puppyhood, i was desperate for some playtime for my eager pup.  this  heat has made it difficult.  family and friends told me of camp bow wow.  i called.   their prompts says:  "where dogs can be dogs"! that's exactly what we needed!  i spoke with michelle.   she was so lovely and reassured me that pooches get the ultimate care.my vet papers were in order, so they could "interview" my pooch.  i respect their thoroughness...dogs adaptability, fears, anxieties,etc.  we watched my pup via video...unbelievable care, control, dog knowledge.  the  facility is so clean and pups have so many play options.  all of the staff is so nice and so helpful.  needless to say,after a few hours, my pooch was so beautifully exhausted.our experience was and will be fabulous!
