5	This doctor and his staff have such a heart for children! My daughter just got braces and Dr. Santucci personally called to check on her and spent a lot of time with us at our visit to make sure we were comfortable in our plan. Everyone in the office made my daughter feel so special & confident- she is already asking when she can go back! My husband is a plastic surgeon so we wanted to make sure we did our homework for our daughter- we were impressed and so happy to have found Dr. Santucci. You will not be disappointed and his knowledge and passion give me hope that our daughter will have a beautiful smile for many, many years!
5	I can't say anything negative about this office!! From Dr. Santucci to his staff, you are ALWAYS welcomes with a smile and Dr. Santucci just creates beautiful results.  He was so patient waiting for my son's teeth to come in before we started full braces and their office always gave us convenient after school hours, unless there was something major to be tweaked (which I understand!!).  I was an orthodontic nightmare myself (actually featured in two USC textbooks back in the day)...so I did ALOT of research and visited many orthodontic office before happily deciding on Dr. Santucci!!
5	Santucci Orthodontics is the best Orthodontist out there! The kind staff really makes you feel welcomed. Dr. Santucci is also super nice and has a very gentle and kind personality.The office is beautiful, even with a computer room and many magazines. Getting braces is fun at Santucci Orthodontics because they go through each step and a huge variety of colors. I highly recommend Santucci Orthodontics, awesome staff and amazing office!!! :)                                                                - Melissa D.
5	Santucci Orthodontics is a fantastic ortho for all ages. The awesome interior will make any kid feel at home. Dr. Santucci is very funny and intelligent, as well as the rest of the staff is. One of the best orthodontics out there!
5	We have been going to Santucci for my son's braces since September. They have been wonderful in working with him. What's cool is their geckle rewards program which encourages him to take care of his teeth and braces and be on time for his appointments. It's been really effective and hopefully will help reduce our total time in braces too!
5	If you need braces then I recommend Santucci Orthodontics.  I just got my braces put on a few months ago and I cannot say enough nice things about the staff and Dr. Santucci. They make you feel pretty special sometimes. They have a rewards program where you can earn Geckles, which are wooden coins used as money.  You can use them to buy small items and gift cards and even a Kindle! You get 5 Geckles per visit as long as you meet the requirements.  It really encourages me to take care of my teeth so I can earn the Geckles! Their staff is AWESOME!! They make sure they are gentle, and when you are done with your visit, they always ask you if anything is poking you.  Recently  I broke what's called my 'bite corrector.' Its a bar inside my mouth attached to my braces that corrects my bite.  It was hanging off of my top teeth and severely bugging me when I tried to talk, eat, and sleep.  Unfortunately it broke on a Saturday evening.  My mom left a message for them on Sunday to see if I could get in to get it fixed on Monday.  They actually gave my mom a call back on Sunday and schedule for early morning before school on Monday morning.  I don't even know if they were open yet!  Now that's AWESOME! I highly recommend Santucci Orthodontics!
5	My 8 yr old daughter needed an Ortho eval and I was nervous about her having braces too soon.  That seems to be the trend right now with 7-9 yr olds getting braces.  Although I'm sure it is sometimes necessary, due to alignment and bite issues, I also don't want to be a part of an unnecessary "fad".  Dr. Santucci was VERY thorough.  I was extremely impressed with him explaining everything he was observing, why, what it means, etc.  I really appreciated his "conservative" opinion and suggesting that we wait 2-3 years for her mouth to grow more, when braces will be more beneficial long term.  He also suggested that she has another eval in 1 year to see how her mouth is looking.  He does not charge for the evaluation and does not make you feel rushed or that you are wasting his time.  The staff was also very friendly and helpful.  I would HIGHLY recommend Dr. Santucci!!!!
1	Not to long ago, I was referred to Dr. Santucci. My four front teeth had braces when I came here. My two canine teeth were sideways rather than coming down properly, their purpose was to create space so my canines would come in. My front teeth had been straight and closed together. Weeks later when we came in for an x-Ray to see if the canines were coming down they were, we were making progress and I was ecstatic. I really didn't want oral surgery! A few weeks after that we noticed my teeth separating from one another. We came in and got yet another x-Ray where we saw the teeth were headed straight up again. He told us he had never seen this before and didn't know what happened. He then left with no explanation of what will happen next. I am 12 and have had braces for more than two year, and I am only in "phase 1". I'm expecting at least 2 more years of braces or equipment in my mouth. Now, I am headed for oral surgery where I will have my canines removed. :(
1	Terrible experience with dr santucci. Very unprofessional in his dealings with my 12 year old daughter. My daughter made me switch orthodontists.....Nic f
1	I have gone to Dr. Santucci since I started middle school. I am into my junior year of college now and had lost my retainer. We met to try and reach a solution for the shifting that occurred. He wanted another $4,000 to fix the issue. My family has spent well over $15,000 with him. He became very hostile when questioned and was aggressive.  For a profession based on patient care, I did not feel cared for and am incredibly dissatisfied with the treatment I received. Find another orthodontist.
5	Dr. Santucci and his staff are WONDERFUL! Very friendly, knowledgeable and caring. In the past 5 years, two of our children have completed their braces (one with traditional metal and the other with Invisalign Teen) both with spectacular results!! Our younger son will be starting braces in a few months and is looking forward to it - now that's a great orthodontist :) Additionally, Dr. Santucci consulted with us when a pediatric dentist was recommending extractions for one of our younger children. We were concerned that doing so might cause future orthodontic problems.  He took the time to explain what was going on in our child's mouth and what we could expect down the road so that we could make an informed decision (we chose to not have the teeth extracted and everything turned out fine for that child). We highly recommend Santucci Orthodontics to all our friends and family!
5	Phil is the best!! Bill Potolicchio
5	I love this office. My daughter had braces put on today. She and I were nervous but from the first time we met Dr. Santucci,  last summer, we knew this was the place for us.  I appreciate the fact that there wasn't pressure to start braces last summer (despite my daughter's disappointment). The process was very easy. Thank you Elisa for your manner.
5	We absolutely love Santucci Orthodontics and recommend them highly to anybody who is looking to improve their smile! The office is beautiful, modern, clean and very fun for kids. The staff is very professional, kind and helpful.  The consultation for our son was done in a very professional manner and all of our questions were answered and there was no pushy close or selling of treatment. Dr. Santucci and his staff take their time and really make you feel you are part of their Santucci family. Our son loves going and is excited about what fun prizes he can earn at their office by doing his part because orthodontics is after all truly a joint effort. The office runs on time, which to me is respecting my time. We were also very impressed with Dr. Santucci's personal phone call follow up after treatment was started to ensure our son is doing well. As far as the two other reviews are concerned, well you can't please everybody but it certainly is not because of lack of their efforts.I just can't say enough good things and it is definitely the place for us. Truly, this office is going above and beyond to treat their patients right!
4	Dr. Santucci's office is comfortable and his staff is friendly. Dr. Santucci is professional but has found a way to connect with his patients in a genuine way. I was happy to have received a call from him, not an assistant, to check on my son's comfort level after his first appointment. His willingness to be involved directly is a big plus for me.  He is well credentialed and I appreciate his years of experience and knowledge.
