5	It was my first time visiting Arizona and the staff at the Hampton Inn made it a wonderful stay.  They even upgraded our room upon arrival!  What a pleasant experience for such an affordable price.  It is also in a very convenient location as well!
4	Like other Hampton Inn's, the Chandler location offers a comfortable stay at a reasonable price.  The hotel appears to have been renovated in the past few years, with updated bathroom fixtures, and bedroom furniture.Ditto Rach, the staff is extremely friendly.Only complaint is the super small exercise room.  Not a big deal, but something to mention.While I did enjoy my stay, nothing gave me that "wow" factor to justify rating the location 5-stars
5	We decided to have a litte staycation and stay at the Hampton. We made a great choice, the staff was friendly, the beds were comfy and the breakfast was pretty good. The only problem we had was the jacuzzi tub took forever to fill, but once filled it was heaven =)
5	This hotel was very nice.  Everything in the room was clean and in working order.  It's within walking distance to a few good places to eat and within a mile from what seemed to be a major strip mall that pretty much has everything.  It's also right off I-10 which is convenient.  I have to say that their staff was awesome!  They were so friendly!  We travel with our 2 year old and they always made sure to talk with him and be just as friendly with him as they were with us.  They all just seemed like genuinely nice people.The breakfast was good.  The eggs were always hot and there was plenty of other options to choose from, including healthy.  The coffee was always fresh and hot, which is always a plus in my book!I would definitely stay here again!
4	clean nice staff and helpful as well close too food and the freeway
2	My wife and I have usually stayed at Hampton Inns when we have traveled, and we are usually very satisfied.  However, at this particular Hampton Inn, wherein we stayed 3 nights, we were VERY unimpressed.  I reserved this hotel through Hotels.com.  Upon arrival, we discovered that they had given us a room tailored to the ADA (those with disabilities).  Such rooms have NO counters in the bathrooms and therefore no area to place your toiletries and cosmetics.  When I went to the front desk to request another room, the desk clerk (Liz) stated that that room was the one I reserved, which was NOT the case and I refuted that.  She even went on to say that some hotels even give guests "smoking" rooms despite a "non-smoking" request.  I vocally refuted that, a bit irritated by her creating a very risky discussion.  At first, she stated that they were all sold out but then another desk clerk somehow advised her that they accommodate me.  With that, she just stood and just stared at her computer monitor for a prolonged period of time while this other clerk assisted two other incoming guests.  (It was very awkward and I even thought that maybe she was having motionless seizure.). She finally assigned us another room as we waited and waited.  IT WAS AWKWARD like I have never experienced before.  Apologies?  NONE.The complimentary breakfast, which at all other Hamptons are excellent, was on par with nothing more than a continental breakfast..... with a very weird egg offering and cereals/waffles/breads/toasts.As far as warm receptions and friendliness, the desk clerks were unconcerned and ambivalent.  The only warmth that we experienced was from the room cleaning staff who were proactively friendly and gracious.We will NOT stay at this Hampton Inn again, and probably not others now.  (Just several blocks away on 50th Street is a Holiday Inn Express and had forgotten that we stayed there before and were very pleased.  It is right next to a Cracker Barrel Restaurant that offers a phenomenal breakfast menu!!)(A "2-Star" rating is still a bit of a stretch..... but given here only because the hotel was satisfactorily clean.)
2	So upon arrival I was sorta hoping for a good place to stay but compared to other places I've stayed, this place is completely lackluster I noticed on my way to the room that the gym was incredibly tiny and only had 3 stationary stations and not even a good pair of dumbbells, not to mention the broom closet gym had no door handle at all! Passing where I'm guessing the breakfast is going to be it's small and uninviting. And not to mention I think the night crew left their pizza box on the counter... And to add insult to injury the room we had reserved wasn't the one we were expecting. We needed two beds and ended up getting stuck in a room with bed and a pull out... So to compensate they offered to give us 10k points to make up for it... I guess thats ok? For staying only the night I guess it's ok but I wish it was a little better
5	I booked a room with a  Jacuzzi for a night to celebrate my anniversary. As I got here, they informed me that my room had a problem and  was not available. That devastated me since it was one of my gifts  to my husband, but the they went above and beyond to make me happy. Josh the assistant manager gave me 2 free stays and a bottle of wine. This  Is what I call customer service !
