5	This is an amazing vintage store in an amazing location!  The owner makes awesome accessories like necklaces and feather headpieces.  It also seems to be emerging as a cultural hub and creative meeting place in downtown Las Vegas.  The store also serves as an art gallery and music venue with the bands playing on a century old wagon converted into a stage.
5	This is the cutest little shop in Vegas!I was actually told about this store thru someone at work---she had the most amazing fringe neckace on I didn't stop thinking about it for weeks!  I searched high and low in LA and saw nothing that compared to hers so on my next visit to Vegas I just had to find this place--so worth it!The owner, Katie was working when I stopped in and told me she could make me the necklace and have it done this week--I just picked it up tonight and I'm soooo excited to wear it!!She had lots of cute jewelry for sale that she makes, it's all super cute and different from anything in the stores right now.  Plus Katie was super friendly and cute---as is her little shop!  Fun selection and great prices, I was so excited about my necklace that I didn't get a chance to shop around a lot, but on my next visit for sure!
4	This general area is a neat place. Very unique. Eclectic. It felt like a rave (good music) outside (the wagon) a couple of First Fridays ago- the first couple that I went to, with a friend, before summer hit. There was a large crowd; the DJ was spinning house music. If you went in further, there was a tiki bar, sandy beach type area (see, I told you it was unique), an antiques store (kinda small and crowded with people- standing room only, really- but worth seeing, as there are different offerings), and all kinds of art displayed on the walls, and all over actually, little nooks and crannies. The last First Friday, there was no DJ outside, but a band playing inside the area. We always stop here to see the art- always a different exhibit here, but I saw some familiar ones too.I don't know if the little house was a part of the GD, but it's worth mentioning. Inside this little converted home, there are three or four rooms; one is a church with pews (not bolted to the floor) and a giant red heart in front of the window (we took pictures), a bar on the other side, and some art in the other rooms. It was empty but when we were there, others followed, and asked us how much drinks were (I am not sure who was operating it, but there were kegs on the floor)- it was funny.
5	This is by far my favorite vintage store in Las Vegas. Okay, not that we have many in this fabulous town. But before the recent new vintage stores opened up, there was only The Attic and then Gypsy Den. Since Gypsy Den opened, others have too. So I can't help but think Gypsy Den has inspired other fashion entrepreneurs to open their own boutiques.Having said that, one step inside Gypsy Den and you will understand why I use the word inspire to describe it. The owner does a fantastic job at decorating and merchandising the three-room retro, cottage-like store. She, herself, has a great sense of style, so you end up perusing her racks for items to make you look like her. The guys aren't left out, either, as there is plenty of vintage fare for them as well. While some vintage stores in this country display a bad case of snobbery or over-the-top prices, The Gypsy Den is not among them. Feel free to ask questions about items and for fashion tips. If you hunger for vintage fashion, The Gypsy Den will satisfy your cravings.
5	So for the 2nd time ever in Vegas, I decided to do something out of the "norm" and get out of the strip. Thankfully,  I found the Gypsy Den. I wanted to find a place that had one of a kind finds, ranging from apparel to jewelry. The moment I walked in, I was pulling items from the racks and charging up a storm. After every transaction, I would find something else and end up buying it. I had a great time, and she made Vegas enjoyable beyond the slot machines and clubs. I recommend this place to anyone who wants to buy one of kind items for a pretty penny
2	Every time I try to visit this place its closed. I'm not sure what the deal is, I want to check it out because I've heard good things and there s not to many little shops like this but damn it I wish they would be open when i come by :( I give up***I finally managed to get in here on first friday. I bought two vintage hat's but I think they were a little overpriced. I am having buyers remorse because i wish i haggled with the prices a little more. The girl did go down on it a little bit.
1	We have been trying to go to Gypsy Den but every time we go they are closed.  We have been calling for 4 days and there is no answer.  Not sure how they are staying in business when they are never open.  I agree with Erica K.  we give up also.  If you are going to go please make sure you call first so that you won't be disappointed as my daughter was both times we drove 45 mins only to find out they were closed.  This is a bad way to run a business.
5	Truly a hidden vintage gem in Las Vegas. A plethora of original unique finds many of them handmade by the owner KT. If you are looking to find something special for your night out on the town, or just to entertain your senses at the collection of oddities, check out the Gypsy Den!
5	I've been to the Gypsie Den quite a few times and have always had the best customer service. Once I found a dress that didn't fit right and she altered it on the spot! I always find one of a kind jewelry there! It's a great place to find that perfect gift.
5	I love the Gypsy Den! I always have the urge to buy everything and hoard it, if not give them away as gifts. I tend to shop here for the friends that already have everything. That way they're getting something unique or vintage or even one of a kind.
5	My favorite vintage shop in town! xx
5	This place is so fun!  KT makes some incredible handmade jewelry, and you can always find some truly unique vintage duds for very fair prices.  I can tell KT puts a lot of love into stocking and maintaining her store, which makes me want to come back again and again because I never know what I'm gonna find.
5	Very cool vibe! Unique items for sale. Check em out!
5	Oh Gypsy Den... how you read my mind. First and foremost I would just like to say I LOVE THIS PLACE. Handmade jewelry, beautiful art, and a truly one of a kind atmosphere you cant get better! The name stays true to the store, it really feels like your inside a home of a Gypsy. I forgot the owners name but she was very nice and interesting when i met her. If your ever in the Art District or down for First Friday def check this place out
5	Awesome selection of vintage clothes for men and women.  Many sizes. Many colors! So cute! and the staff actually wears the clothing! :D great time! CHECK IT while you're in Las Vegas!
4	This is a really cool store that I'm sad to say I hardly ever visit outside of First Friday, which is a shame since they sell really cool clothes and accesories. It's all vintage, from different eras. They have a large selection of awesome 80's clothing, super cheesy but super cool. The owner makes some of the jewelry, it's all about stones and rocks and copper stuff.The clothing is boho-chic. If the Olsen twins and Stevie Nicks were in town looking for vintage clothing, they would come here. Then head across the street to the arts factory for a poetry jam and a show. Or a beer.Go check it out!
5	I can not believe how great it is to feel at home. I love this place. The owner is so knowledgeable on culture and current events.
5	First time there. Great selection and the owner is very sweet and helpful. I will definitely be back!
4	Fun store with decent prices.
5	Wonderful beautiful and reasonable prices. An avid thrift shop explorer I enjoyed the fact that there is lots to see in such a small space and the prices were not over the moon.
5	This was my first time in Las Vegas and I have to say, their vintage scene did not disappoint! First off the five stars most goes towards the awesome clothes and the awesome owner. Although the place is a bit pricey, the clothes are super unique and in  great condition. I bought a light blue crew neck sweater with a native American print on it. The owner gave me a huge discount out of nowhere... this would never happen at a thrift store in San Francisco or LA. Take the time to venture away from the strip and be sure to check out this side of E Colorado St. There are plenty of hidden gems in that area.
5	We love this lady! She is such a sweetheart and everything is reasonable priced.
5	Love this place! I LOVE the funky setup of the outside & you can find great stuff there.. I LOVE all their vintage jewelry & especially LOVE that the owner, KT also makes & sells her own jewelry too... Plus she's  really chill & nice to talk to
5	this place is awesome!  Got a mink stole for $25 and a 1960s silver clutch in mint condition for $12.  Stephanie is so sweet and helpful.  Be sure to stop thru here on your vintage crawls
5	The best vintage store! The husband and wife owners and staff are so friendly and helpful. I was lucky to get their one on one attention and felt no up-sell pressure. The wife owner really wants you to leave happy. The prices are ridiculously affordable and their selection is amazing. Saw the cutest 1950s and 1960s dresses for like $30-$35. Some store on Melrose avenue in Los Angeles buys from here and then jacks up prices - might as well go directly to the source. Gotta feel pretty good supporting both local mom and pop businesses and downtown Las Vegas.
4	THIS PLACE IS CURRENTLY CLOSED DOWNI was really looking forward to coming to this place this weekend but, no one answers the phone and today there was a recording that says "The Gypsy Den is closed until further notice".   Hope everyone's ok.
