3	I am surprised, in a very very good way, that Gavin equally appreciated the apple pie at Le Cafe Royale! It really is pretty nice!A little way down the Royal Mile Le Cafe Royale stands out with its openness. Its doors open wide, letting the whole cafe open onto the street, giving it a resemblance to a Mediterranean cafe. I like the feel of Cafe Royale and I always feel comfortable sitting here.However Cafe Royale could do with improving its hot drinks. Perhaps I just had a bad batch of tea, but there was something funny tasting. Prices are average to high, reminding one that this is definitely a tourist spot.Not a bad cafe that could be even better, and should not rest on its tourist support laurels.
4	Le Cafe Royale appeals to my French (I wish) side - because it's open and got a slightly French name. I'm such a sucker!I think this is what Gavin means about it being a bit of a tourist trap, albeit a pretty one. People as starry eyed as me are lured in by its pretty, continental appearance and the promise of good food inside. Its exterior looks upmarket so if that's anything to go by, the food will also be of a higher quality.It is indeed a very nice place to get lunch, although with a less obvious price list, the cost can seem quite ambiguous. Nevertheless, it's not any more expensive than other restaurants in this prime tourist region of Edinburgh, so with that in mind it's reasonable enough.The staff make a great cup of coffee and it's a lovely place to come for something to eat. It's open, inviting and the cake is delicious. Not too shabby!
3	If you're planning to party during the festival, you're going to need to a list of cafes where you can refuel the next day, right?A short stroll from the Royal Mile, Le Cafe Royal is a neighbourhood greasy spoon where you can get all day breakfast, brunch and light snacks. There's various sandwiches, salads and snacks but the best thing to keep your hangover at bay is one of their Full English, Scottish or Veggie Breakfasts. The first two come with haggis and black pudding and the latter with egg, beans, tomatoes, veggie sausage and hot buttered toast. Tea and coffee are extra and whilst they taste like they've been brewed from a boiler, they usually do the job after a night of multiple vodkas and dancing on tables. :-)
3	Simple menu, simple nice food, reasonable price. Only problem too much vinegarette which got soaked into the toastie a little
5	I can't say enough good about the wonderful food we got from the Le Cafe Royale...Lentil soup, steak and mash, cake, and Panini sandwich.  Great Value to add topping to the cake..
