4	We have always loved the Portofino's on Eastway Drive, so we were super-excited when we noticed the Portofino's sign go up in the old Avanti space at the Arbo.  Last night for dinner, we decided to go check it out.  We weren't the only ones...it was a popular spot last night!  When we arrived, we were told it would be about a 35 minute wait.  In fact, the wait turned out to be closer to an hour... but we didn't mind since we decided to go over to the Vintner Wine Market to have an appetizer and a beverage while we waited.  When we finally got a table, we were seated right in front of the kitchen. Not normally my favorite place to sit, but we were just happy to be seated.  Despite how busy they were, our service was pretty good. I ordered one of the specials that had shrimp and chicken sauteed with garlic and tomatos over a bed of cappellini.  It was very good and like the Eastway location, reasonably priced. I look forward to my next visit!
3	This is one of my several times at a Portofino's. My boyfriend and I decided to go here for our date night, since I haven't been to this location before. Plus, we love going to new restaurants. The outside of the building looks very nice, but it is very crammed once you go inside. There is hardly any room, especially when there are multiple people standing around waiting. I did love that you could see them baking the pizza's though, I always love to watch stuff like that. However, the hostess was pretty rude. I didn't appreciate that all too much.We had a pretty good seat once we got placed, and our waitress was extremely friendly. It did take a long time though just to be able to get our drinks, salads, and the bread however. But it was worth the wait, they were simply delicious. I ordered the Penne Pomodoro, and it wasn't at all what I was expecting. I didn't like it too much. Overall, we had a pretty good experience. Hardly any wait, and the food was pretty standard. A little pricey though.
4	Good Italian food (pizza, pasta).  Family friendly.  Seating area is limited so go early.  Friendly staff.
4	Portofino's is one of my favorite in Charlotte.  Good NY style pizza is always a hit, but the real draw is the amazing homemade style sauces used for their various pasta and other Italian dishes.  My favorite dish is their Chicken Parm.  The dining area is small and a bit cramped and the wait for a table during dinner can be long, but once seated the service is fine and you can also call ahead as their take out service is efficient and the prices are reasonable.  Based on multiple visits and take out orders.
5	There was a bit of a wait on a Friday night which was unexpected because I didn't think they received so much business. Now, I know why! Excellent service, flavorful food, and gigantic proportions. I had enough food for dinner that night, lunch the next day and dinner again! Great value for the price.
4	Bravo!  Viva Portofino's!Great pizza, truly a gem in the Arboretum neighborhood.  The fact that the price is reasonable only makes the value that Portofino's gives you that much better.  Service is great, and the Italian accent coming from behind the counter is like a warm blanket reassuring you that your food will take longer than usual, but will be worth every extra second you have to wait for it.It is crowded, be warned!  Don't expect to swing by on a Friday evening for a quick bite.  Such is the price you have to pay when your food is so delish!
4	Best casual Italian restaurant in Charlotte.
4	I have to admit that I haven't been to many pizza places in Charlotte since moving here, but this is the best pizza I've eaten here. The prices aren't too bad either. The last time we went, we ended the meal with a cannoli. It was delicious too. Sometimes the to-go orders back up and the tables fill up and there isn't anywhere for people to wait. The line will back up into the dining room, so tables near the front have a crowd around them, which can be uncomfortable for the diners.
5	I knew if I prayed to the Pizza Gods long enough, they would answer my prayers for an authentic NY pizza/Italian restaurant in Charlotte! AAHHH the power of prayer. :)We popped in on a Sunday evening and to my surprise we had a 15 minute wait. What? Really? Did I hear you correctly Miss Hostess? As I peered around the corner I saw every table and every booth filled to capacity. This was a very good sign and I think I actually giggled out loud. My husband quickly reminded me that IHOP is always packed too and he knows how little I like that place but I digress!Once seated, I actually got to see how small the new restaurant was. It was almost a little too small but as long as the food was good, I really didn't care. We ordered a large Cheese, well done on the bottom (because that's how I roll) their Lobster Ravioli (one of 3 specials) and the Mozzarella Sticks. The sticks were fine. Kind of generic but the Marinara Sauce they served with it was divine! Miss Waitress may I have just a bowl of the sauce and a large spoon? OK so I didn't actually say that to the waitress BUT I thought it.The Lobster Ravioli came out and it was a beautiful plate of food. It really should have been sold as a Seafood Ravioli because the ravioli was stuffed with crab meat and topped with Shrimp. The ravioli itself was heavy, tasty but heavy. I like my ravioli pasta thin and these were not. I didn't see or taste much lobster. but the tomato cream sauce was very unique and the shrimp and crab were very good.The Pizza arrived and it was like an event, carried in by a very tall Waiter with our Waitress on his heels with our plates. There was all kinds of commotion at our table with the waiter trying to fit the pie on our table and the waitress trying to bus the table, rearrange things and add new clean plates. It was all a blur really. He placed the pie on the table and my children's eyes got as round as silver dollars! The smell was amazing, the color was amazing and the bottom was cooked to PERFECTION!!!!! But how did it taste? Maybe I won't tell you. Maybe I should keep it a secret for fear that you will all go and now my wait will be double or triple the time...OK fine, this is a review after all. It tasted like heaven!!!!! It tasted like a true NY pizza with a little less grease (thank God) AND for a brief moment I was transported back to my beloved Manhattan
4	Got pizza to go from here. We ordered a large with mushrooms, basil, and prosciutto on half. We also ordered the garlic bread with cheese. The pizza was good but cold, even though we live really close to the restaurant by the time we got it home. It did taste authentic Italian and fresh! The cheese bread was also good. It was like a cheese sandwich in a French bread type roll. Will order from here again or actually try out the restaurant next time.
5	Absolutely loved everything.  Our first time, but a new family favorite (and we eat out a LOT!). The fresh bread is wonderful, the pizza is by far the best we've had in Charlotte.  Baked sausage and peppers and Cappellini Mediteraneo were both fabulous.  Great service, fair prices, couldn't ask for more.
3	The food was four stars, a few other factors lowered it to three.First the good: the pizza was excellent. We got the montese which had prosciutto, basil, and mushrooms. The saltiness of the proscuitto complimented the sweetness of their pizza sauce. The crust was very good. Excellent pizza. I'm a sauce and crust curmudgeon and they scored very high with both!My wife and daughter split a kids style penne with butter and my wife said the pasta was al dente... cooked nicely. The salad and bread were also good.Now the bad: first off, this is not a paper plate take out joint. There are near $20 entrees on the menu. That being said, there is no excuse for the servers not offering freshly grated parmesan at your table. They have packets of US Foods pseudo saw dust cheese and stuff out of the shaker which is US Foods pseudo saw dust cheese. Our server finally brought shaved fresh parmesan from the kitchen on attempt number three. So, there are fresh chunks of parmesan available.. why the fork is it not offered by the servers? Throw in the fact our service was slow and often inaccurate, that is why this is a three star review.So, food good! Service and intangibles, meh. We will eat there again when in the area, but we will be well armed to know to ask for shaved parmesan.
5	This is a great new restaurant. I love the pizza, it's New York style. I also had the garlic cheesy bread and that was delicious. Everything I've had there has been good so far!
4	It's probably not completely fair to review a restaurant based on a take-out experience alone, but considering my take-out experience was a good one, I figured it was ok!Craving some Italian food last night, but not wanting to bother with changing clothes, dealing with the Saturday night wait times, and sitting in a restaurant for hour or so, I used the search features on Yelp to help me find Portofinos.They have a specific take-out menu online, so I figured that was a good sign that getting food to-go was an acceptable option here. The guy who took my phone order was friendly & efficient & recommended the house dressing for my salad (it was yummy!)You pick up your food right inside the front door. I saw some pretty tasty looking pizzas being boxed up. And based on other Yelp reviews, I'll have to give that a try next time.I got a ton of food! A generous side salad with decent toppings (tomatoes, cucumbers, carrots & olives; no cheese & no croutons, which is perfect for me). The chicken parmesan was great. Just what I was craving. It came with a large side of angel hair pasta & sauce. I had plenty for last night's dinner & enough for today's lunch.If a restaurant can pull off a successful take-out dinner, I suspect dining in here would be equally good. I don't splurge on Italian food very often (lots of calories for this health nut!), but Portofinos will now be on my short list of south Charlotte restaurants to revisit.
3	Good food but not as good  as their other locations. Someone needs to manage the service. Three bad experiences with poor service.
3	Food taste good. But my stomach and few other NYC people have the same effect 24 hours after eating here. Personally I have not been back
5	I have to say their food is awesome!
5	I had the Sicilian crust pizza here last week and it was fabulous!! Very light crust, crispy on the bottom and the sauce was perfect. I am a hard to please pizza eater from New York and this was great. The service was fantastic and the merlot was great too! The pizza was so big for us three adults, I took home about six pieces and they were even better reheated in the oven!
1	I do not know what others have seen in this place to give it a four star rating. The wine was good, but that where it stops. My wife and I tried Portofinos at the Arboretum for the first time tonight. We ordered Bruschetta as an appetizer, average at best...Strike one. Our dinners came with a side salad. There were green olives (not black) on my salad. Really? An Italian restaurant using green olives on a salad? And the Balsamic vinegarette was    Like pure vinegar! Strike two. I ordered Chicken Tarantino, bland and over cooked, my wife ordered lasagna, tomato sauce tasted like chef boyardee... Strike three! I cannot recommend this restaurant to anyone who wishes to enjoy their meal!
3	Great pizza and menu in general - only problem is that the restaurant is way too small and you sit on top of one another.
3	Had lunch here yesterday and I was very impressed!  The ambiance is welcoming, and everyone greets you when you walk in.I had the chef salad which was huge for only $8.50.  Everything was fresh and there was a ton of meat and fresh mozzarella too!  It was so much food I couldn't finish it. The waitress was very nice and fast to get our order out.  You can tell this place is a local favorite.
3	Having been to the other location off Park Road I kind of knew what I was in for when coming here for lunch the other day.  This location has a rather small dining area it seemed but there is a nice patio for the better weather days if you so choose.  I ordered the chef salad and it was fantastic.  Big rolls of turkey, ham and cheese and fresh greens along with the home made ranch dressing really hit the spot.  Our waitress was nice and polite but I felt a bit rushed as I was asked if we would be having dessert and I literally hadn't even finished my salad yet.  Maybe she was in a rush to close out her lunch and leave for the day?Either way, Portofinos is a solid selection for Italian style lunch or dinner.
2	The house salad that came with my meal was ice cold. They give a new meaning to 'iceberg lettuce.' I mentioned it, and they replaced my salad with soup. The soup was good until I got into about my fourth spoon fool and noticed some aluminum foil. The main course was delicious, but who knows what the marinara sauce was covering up. If you ever order pizza while dining in... Do NOT ask for free bread and butter. You will be shut down rudely and looked down upon by some snobby waitress that says, "That only comes with the main courses on the menu." (I thought pizza was my main course that evening.)
4	Just as good if not better than my first visit. I suggested this place to my girlfriends on Saturday afternoon, I knew it was going to be amazing but neither of them had been before. So I knew their mind was going to be blown! When we walked in everyone...seriously everyone the hostess, waiters, and managers greeted us at the door! After we sat down we orders some wine and two appetizers the mozzarella sticks and the mozzarella alla caprese. The mozzarella sticks arrived hot and golden brown and that marinara sauce is addictive! And the caprese was so fresh and delicious! For my meal, I decided to go with a classic...the lasagna. I asked the waiter if it was any good and he simply smiled and said everything we have is good but that is one of our signature dishes. When it arrived, I was impressed with the portion size and the presentation but hands down this has to be one of the best lasagnas I've had! It's loaded with cheese and meat, the sauce acts as the perfect compliment and the noodles are cooked perfectly! I could only manage to eat half, but when I ate the rest the next night it reheated very well! Its official...I'm a fan. I've even decided that from here on out this is going to be my top go to choice for really amazing Italian food.
4	I am a BIG fan of the Park Rd location (which is closer to where I live and work), but decided to take mom by the Arboretum location (over by Michael's and Versona) to try one of their delicious subs.The Arboretum location is smaller and more intimate than the Park Rd shop, few seats, but comfortable and clean.  The waitress was an absolute delight - all smiles and she, along with the other staff, kept our drinks filled and made sure we had everything we needed.  My FAVORITE is the cheese steak, which I ordered the 7" as to not get the "look" from my mom about ordering the 11".  Steak, cheese, onions, peppers and crusty bread served with their fries (chips come with, fries are $1 more and well worth it).  Delicious!Mom is a big fan of veal (I don't eat veal, but I do eat beef, I realize my hypocrisy, but it is what it is), so she ordered the 7" veal parmesan, and declared it to be the best veal parm sandwich that she has ever had.  She ooh'ed and ahh'ed her way through it and said how tender and delicious it was.  A happy mom is what is most important to me.Great visit, great location, should I be in the Arboretum again, I would not hesitate to stop by for a cheese steak (or pizza, or pasta... I love Portofino).
1	Gross, cold food and our noodles were way over cooked. Our waiters didn't care about us and seemed mad and ignored us. The bathrooms are also terrible.
1	Heard good things about this place. All I can say is that this is a perfect candidate for Kitchen Nightmares. Bad service. Bad food. Only order pizza if you must eat here. 93 rating.
4	Very good lunch here. Really enjoyed the lasagna and Veal Parmesan. Their marinara is very good.
5	The service was great & food was amazing.  Only downfall, server didn't go over the specials. We didn't see the board, as we were seated quickly & saw it as were leaving, and would have liked tohave tried them.  We got the tiramisu to go and it was perfect!! Definitely be back!!
3	So this is a local "chain". I use chain loosely but these guys have a few locations around town. I used to live behind this location but I hadn't eaten here before until after I ate at the other one in Ayrsley. Anyways it's good, but not as good as their Ayrsley location. The menus also have a slight variance so my favorite dish isn't offered at this location. I don't live near this one anymore so it's doubtful I'd be back. Don't get me wrong the food is good, but I've been spoiled by other Italian and by the other location as it, after all, has my favorite dish that they serve.
5	Their pizza is great. I lived in NYC and have also spent a good amount of time in Italy. I feel I can be the judge of a damn good pizza now.
1	Site says it closes at 10pm... show up at 9:30pm and am told they are closed?!  Not cool.
4	I thought the food was absolutely delicious! I had linguine with clams & was some of the best I've ever had. The BF had a sub and said it was normal/average. The decor is just thrown up on the wall, nothing to ponder or talk about. Our bill came and it was more expensive than the prices on the menu. When I asked he realized he had charged dinner prices, not lunch menu prices and adjusted it, a $12 correction. For great Italian, highly recommend, for fancy date night/romantic dinner...it's not the place
3	I chose A-OK rather then being a fan because of the 93 rating. Its a pretty small/intimate seating area and they seem to have a lot of servers.  The bring out bread($1 extra if you don't order entrees) with balsamic vinegar and oil which is pippin hot and delicious.  Entrees are $12.50 & higher but they do come with a side salad.  Baked ziti doesn't have ricotta cheese in it which is a HUGE bummer in my opinion. Pizza is fantastic!!  Not so much the white pizza though.  We would like to go back but will need the sanitation score to be higher.
3	I think what bothers me most about this place is the lack of customer service. I keep coming back because the food is good. My family and I have tried this place more than a handful of times hoping that the lack of service was just a fluke. But no, it's not. Everything we walk through the front door, I have yet to get a smile and "welcome to portfinos" we just get "how many?". The cooks are right by the entrance too. They see everyone that walks through the door. They could say hello and give a smile or welcome to portofinos, but no. So- I give this place a 3 star because of the lack of hospitality. If they stepped up their greetings at the door, I would give them a 4 star because I do like their food.
1	The worst Italian food I've ever had.  The lasagna I literally wouldn't feed to an animal. I'm not exaggerating.
2	Will not go back to this location! I have had great experiences at Park Road and order take-out quite often from there. The Providence Road location always under-cooks. I said I wouldn't go back but decided to give it one more try this past weekend because it's close to our house.  My Calzone was wrong, only had cheese in it and was still doughy. The pizza we ordered was also still doughy. I hadn't ate all day and just ate it and went to bed. Big disappointment at this location! I will not give it another chance.
4	This is a great place to go if you want to take someone for great food in a very casual atmosphere.  It has the looks (and is) a real pizza joint out front while there is seating off to the rear for a nice Italian meal.  Despite the italian "Pizzaria" feel, the menu is quite diverse which allows for a wide range of choices.  It is just really hard to choose something other than italiamn food with the aroma of Pizza lofting through.
5	One of our family favs for delicious, plentiful, inexpensive meals...my daughters all time fav is chicken parm. No one does it better!
1	Every time I've went in the food was GREAT but the service was horrible. I've noticed that they also treat young customers very poorly as if they do not want them in their restaurant. I'm 20 and went in with a small group of friends, was not helped after 15 minutes and had about 4 servers make eye contact with me and not respond when I tried to call them over. We walked out after not being helped after about 17 minutes and received some nice glares from the staff upon leaving, not one asked if there was a problem or said anything. I will not be going back.
