5	These guys are awesome...they are really speedy and always friendly. Prices are pretty good and I like that I can get tracking for my packages. I don't think I've ever had to wait in line here.
5	Fastest Service in town,   The guys that work there are so efficient.   If you need to mail something in a hurry.   Go to this UPS location.    The best one I've found so far.
1	this is crazy but why cant I use my UPS account in a UPS store...?  I can ship on my UPS account and off site locations all over town but not at the UPS Store...  WTF!And the man that works in this location is pure evil..  Never go here and expect customer service..  it wont happen.Again, you can only ship on your UPS account when you have already printed a label, they dont carry UPS shipping forms at the UPS Store. They do have them at Mail Plus in Tempe, these guys are the best!   If you pre-print a label then just schedule a pick up and you dont have to deal with these inconsiderate jerks..SOOOOOOOO DUMB!!!
1	Really odd store. I went in to ship stuff for work with a pre-paid shipping label but no envelope. Guy at counter said to grab an envelope from the side- not a ups envelope but a tan blank one like you'd get at Office Depot. Weird but okay. Then when I checked out they tried to charge me for the envelope. Very odd UPS store experience.  Do not recommend.
3	Service good but while i was shopping, the manager seem to make comments about the customer when they left. Wonder what he said about me.  Perfessional??
5	Ive NEVER had a problem here. Im always in and out w/in 5-10 minutes.Whenever I have to return something, or send something out of state I come here. Most often I come in w/ a prepaid label and the box open. the guys here are always more than willing to fill the box w/ peanuts, if necessary, seal it, and label it for me. Like I said Im always in and out w/ in 5-10 minutes, thats how awesome the guys that work here are. If youre in a hurry and need to send something, I recommend coming here.
5	Extremely friendly and helpful people who work here. I waited for just a few minutes before being promptly helped with a smile. I like how they automatically add tracking. They also offer PO boxes, shipping supplies and other knick knacks at this location. Would highly recommend :-)
