4	This place has great Chinese food.  I love that the menus explain exactly what comes in every dish (so you know the difference between kung pao and hunan, etc).  Everything I have tried here is good, and you have the choice of white, brown, or fried rice.  The prices are good and the portions are large.  This place is also great because they don't close between lunch and dinner like most places.
5	My 2nd Favourite Chinese Restaurant in Town.  Be sure to eat outdoors on their patio.  They have a nice outdoor fountain as well.
3	We did take-out at Dragon Fly, which generally saves on tip, drinks, and over-eating temptations.  I even walked there to work up an appetite. We tend to get the same thing over and over at Chinese restaurants.  I know it's boring, but it is a great way to compare who has the best food. The menu here is very consumer-friendly (and available on-line, great for take-out without the wait) and the prices are reasonable.  Once we find 'our place', then we branch out from there.My husband got the General Tso's chicken with brown rice.  According to him, it was average. I tasted it, and agreed. Usually there is not enough sauce for my taste in this dish, but there was plenty of sauce, so the rice was also full of flavor, even when you finished your chicken.I got the chicken and broccoli, and found it slightly above average. Again, it was saucy, so there was much more flavor involved than usual. It wasn't too salty, either, which some places do to disguise the fact that the dish is mostly bland vegetables (gasp!) I also had brown rice, and it was done well.  The egg drop soup (which is a Chinese food staple for me) was good--pretty average, nothing too special, but I finished the single serving.  I always add pepper to mine because I like the added kick, but the flavor would have been fine without it. I have heard that the atmosphere is nice and enjoyable, so I will definitely eat in soon enough.  This is a restaurant worth checking out if you live in SouthPark.  I don't think it is a destination restaurant, though. A good chinese place should be available in most neighborhoods in the area, at least I hope!!  I will probably do a bit more shopping around for our go-to chinese restaurant.
3	This place makes a great backup place in case your other dinner plans fall through.  It has the standard Americanized Chinese food on the menu, but it is all very well prepared.  All the dishes are very fresh and cooked just right.  Even though it doesn't have the imagination of some other places, it makes up for it with great flavor and good service.  The pepper beef has always been a favorite of mine.
3	I've gone to Dragon Fly twice now.  Once on a blind date and once with my partner and kids.  The blind date experience was okay; thank God they have $5 martinis-of-the-day.  My return visit with my partner (not the blind date) and his kids was more enjoyable, but still nothing spectacular.  Dragon Fly offers your basic Chinese dishes that you'd find on a Chinese take-out menu, but they serve them to you in their dining room.  Good, but nothing extraordinary.Our server wasn't very attentive until the very end when we didn't want him to be.  We were seated and brought some of those crunchy Chinese noodles with duck sauce and hot mustard sauce.  With five of us, they were gone in no time and we never did see a refill.  And I liked that they had a $5 sour apple martini drink special, but my 2nd martini didn't come until I was done eating my meal.  It kind of ruins the excitement of drinking a martini when it's served as dessert.  Well...mostly.  Toward the end of the meal (not at the end, but toward the end), our server started clearing our dishes off our table before we were even finished!   My partner had turned away for a second and someone scarfed up his plate with some food still on it.  This infuriated my partner, but I, surprisingly, wasn't as bothered.  Maybe it was because I knew that "dessert" was coming?  At any rate, the food is average, drink specials on martinis are great, and the service is slow, but keep an eye on your plate.  It'll disappear before your very eyes!
3	When dining in, seating is hit or miss.  If it's crowded at all, you get stuck at a table the waiter has to do gymnastics to get to.  The best seating is the booths, alas there are only two or three.  Take out is recommended.Skip the Mongolian Beef, it's not spicy like it should be.  But the Kung Pao beef and General Tso's chicken are both loaded with flavor.  The pan fried pot stickers are good too.
3	It was okay for Chinese Food. I wasn't too impressed with Sweet and Sour Chicken had no real flavor. The Wonton wraps they used tasted stale. Though the Crab Ragoons were okay but again everything tasted like it has been store bought versus freshly made. This was evidenced by how quickly we were given our food. It's okay and the lunch menu is a bargain but bargain shouldn't have to taste stale.
4	How can you say 'no' to Chinese food after a long day at work?! I know I sure can't...and unfortunately for DragonFly I got there at the end of the night. A part of me felt guilty for going in for a sit down meal, but hey, they could have told me I needed to order take out. Instead, they were very kind and served my husband and I a delicious dinner. (By the way, we were out of there by the time they were officially closed...we're not that unkind.)The portions are large. Each dish is approximately $9-$12 depending on what you order. We ordered pan-fried noodles with vegetables and a tofu dish. Yummy and lots of both! The server was friendly and attentive. DragonFly is located in a convenient shopping center off of Park Rd. They stay open until 10pm...so for a late night craving it is definitely accommodating and tasty!
4	Still consistently good and plentiful! They keep me coming back for more. And one of my new favorite things about this place is that they serve you a small plate of sliced oranges with the check and fortune cookies...nice.
3	i thought Dragonfly offered some pretty good Chinese food. However, nothing that stood out taste-wise from the same menu across America Chinese take out places. The broccoli was a little hard. As always the General chicken taste better the next day heated up.The presentation of the food was definitely a step up, but i wouldn't pay more simply for presentation. The rice comes in a separate bowl and there is a fancy looking food flower on the plate with the chicken.Our server provided good service, but his attitude wasn't rude, but wasn't friendly.We did use an Entertainment coupon which made it a cheap 2 entrees and one drink for around 11 bucks plus tip.  FYI, they do have a patio area if you're looking to eat outside.
2	Imagine this: you are very hungry, having a difficult time deciding what to eat, figure it out, turns into a craving, get there, you are turned away = frustrated and put out. My husband and I decided to go to DragonFly since we had not been there in a while. One of the things that we liked about the place was that they closed at 10pm. We got there and walked in by 9:40pm (knowing that we'd arrived in the past later than that and still received good service). We were turned away!Not a good customer service decision. DragonFly staff, I realize you want to go home, but if you advertise that you stay open until 10pm, stay open until 10pm.
4	So, here's a question; why are there no decent delivery Chinese restaurants in Charlotte?  When we first moved here we ordered some Chinese and my husband ordered beef & broccoli.  When it arrived it was just that.  Beef.  Broccoli.  Nothing else.  What the heck?!?  There was no sauce, nothing!  So odd.  After trying again and again to find at least a decent delivery place we found Dragonfly.  Though we have to go pick it up, it's worth it!  The food tastes and looks authentic (no mystery meat!), the prices are reasonable and it's good.  Now...if only they would deliver!!
4	This place  was pretty good.  It has a nice atmosphere if you decide to sit in or outside.  It has a dynamic menu  I suggest trying something on the chef's special.  The chicken and shrimp special was good, not the greatest I've ever had, but still really good.The service was great, and I will definitely come back again.
2	I have been to this place before and it was pretty good, from what I can remember.  I decided to get take out from here last night.  First, they have raised the prices, not by much- but for how much you are paying for take-out, its not worth the quality you get.  The food is not horrible, but it is just okay.  You can get much better quality Chinese for a better price.  The best thing I had was the egg roll- and I am sure this was pre-made and dropped in the fryer- so that doesn't say much.I got the Sesame Chicken Chef's Specialty.  It was just OK, definetely not the best Ive had, no where close, but much more expensive.Egg drop soup was also too thick and had a musty taste to it. I would advise you to look elsewhere for your Chinese craving.
3	A little bit above the quality of your average greasy Chinese place. Good for both take-out and eating in.
2	One of my besties loves this place, so since it was her b-day, I treated her to lunch at DragonFly.  It was meh.  Given the price range, I would expect much better.  Next time, I'll suggest that we go to WanFu instead!
3	The food is good and the service is fine. Would return.
2	Still trying to search for a Chinese go-to place near my new house. Tried Baoding which was the blandest Chinese food ever made. Tried Dragonfly-- got the General Gao Chicken, veggie lo-mein, and steamed dumplings. They were all just mediocre, nothing worth trying again. Still on the hunt for my go-to place.
3	Dragonfly, located in the Park Selwyn Shopping Center, is a slightly better version of a strip mall Chinese restaurant.  This has been a lunchtime favorite of mine for many years, as they are consistently good and well-priced.  My lunch on Wednesday of Sesame Chicken with fried rice and an egg roll with a sweet tea to drink was less than $9.  The portions are large without being enormous.  The Sesame Chicken is flash fried chicken in sauce and while most of it is good size chunks of white chicken, you get the odd piece stuck in there that is whatever the chicken version of gristle is (to be expected, no big).  I have also had General's chicken, beef and broccoli and veggie lo mein - all very good.  The bowl of fried noodles served when we were seated on Wednesday, along with a cup of duck sauce and one of spicy mustard, appeared to have been taken out of the bottom of the bag, as it was mostly dust, but we didn't say anything, so I can't complain (and this was the first time that has happened - generally the pieces are whole and plentiful).  The food was brought to us quickly and was hot.  The fried rice is excellent (you can also get white or brown rice) and the lunch specials are served with either an egg roll, spring roll or vegetable roll.  Dragonfly is consistently good, service is fast and friendly and the price and portions are right for lunch time.
3	Food: Food super greasy and I felt was damaging my health.  My friend ordered hers and did not get noodles with her lo-mein, by the time we came home with our take out order.  Location: located in a shopping center next to Harris Teeter.  Perks: opens on a major holiday when everything else was closed. Overall, I would not come back...  I knew it was too good to be true to order Chinese food from here. Gah!
4	Great Welcome at the Front Door!  They do NOT remember me... Until Today (Lunch) it has been a while... Today was my third or fourth Dine here... The Lady takes me to the Far side of the Restaurant away from the chatter so I could have some Peace and relative Quite.  She did not see the Camera yet she gave me a Table with Great lighting and asked if this Table was Alright?  It was Perfect and I said to her "Perfecktic!!!" MUSTARD Sauce was soooo right, my nose ran a little bit!  Yes I licked the Bowl!  Hot though not too Hot!  The Mustard gets 4 yelp starsMy Waiter asked me some questions I asked him some:  "What Vegetables come with the Mongolian Beef"  he replied : "Green Onions and White Onions unless you want to add something else"... I said "No that is Perfektic!Spring Roll MUST have Been Freshly Rolled, Very Nice! 4 stars if it had been an Egg Roll... Close still for a Big Spring Roll!Mongolian Beef better than most American "Chinese" places making this dish for Americans... Nice Flavor with NONE of the Vegetables I have to tell other places to leave out, which makes ordering here easier!  Quality Of Beef or the way they Cook it VERY Good! This Dish gets 4 stars
4	Truly excellent chinese food. These kind of places make me never want to go to places like Panda Express.... This place is sooooooooo good and you get a lot of food for your money!
4	I stopped by this restaurant a few days ago for a quick bite for lunch. It was my first visit. I thought it was pretty decent Chinese food. I ordered sesame chicken with fried rice and an egg roll with a drink. The cost was about $10. Our food was served quick and hot. This seems like a pretty popular place for lunch. Servers were all really nice. I would be back.
5	One of my favorite Chinese places in Charlotte! Well priced, always fast and convienant. Fresh and tasty, does not disappoint, consistent
2	Honestly a 2.5, but I am going with a two based on the service and smells I endured during my visit.Upon arriving on New Year's Day, around 11:30, there was only one other table dining in the restaurant. Immediately I noticed a strange smell, almost urine smell, which was very discouraging. I was seated and noticed the booth seats were torn, and didn't even up to the table. With that said, I decided to give it a chance and chose to order the shrimp with mixed vegetables lunch combo with a spring roll and fried rice, with a cup of wonton soup. I was brought egg drop soup, which tasted horrible, so after 10 minutes of trying to flag down my waiter, who was on his cell phone in the back of the restaurant, I expressed that I received the wrong soup. He brought the wonton soup, which was just okay, but before I even had a chance to enjoy it my lunch was delivered. The spring roll was not cooked, very doughy and bland. As for the shrimp with vegetables, very good and a nice lunch portion. The fried rice was decent, but was basically brown rice fried, one one sliver of egg and one carrot, a little disappointing. And, the most upsetting part was my waiter was MIA the entire time, and when he did stop by he smelled of smoke. I get employees need breaks, but it is not too attractive when they smell like a smoke stack, especially when handling food.Honestly, not sure I will arrive anytime soon.
5	I love coming here!  Quiet atmosphere, food  arrives quickly.  Awesome lunch specials, good prices and lunches come with an egg roll!  Everything tastes fresh and is served hot, perfect place for a quick lunch!
5	Great food for about $12-$15 for dinner and $8 or so for lunch. Seriously nice presentation and service. I had the Hibachi style shrimp which came with fresh broccoli and rice - the shrimp were plump and the sauce was light and delicious.  They don't heat the plates so the good cools a bit quickly but other than that it's really very good.As you may already know I'm a booth girl ... There are cozy booths and tables too so you can enjoy a group of your friends and family.  There's an outdoor terrace and the tables look out onto it. Portions are generous but not over the top.This is a reasonably priced and modest place ... Unless you're expecting the Beverly Hills Country Club with its brunch buffet ice sculptures, you'll have a nice time .
4	Great inexpensive Chinese! Eggrolls and spring rolls are delish! I had the chicken and mixed veggies bc I'd like to think it's semi healthy. Only Down fall... They don't deliver! Always a good go to for take out. I'm becoming a regular!
3	Good food, typical chinese. Average prices. The lady working was very nice. New to the area and will probably try a few others but will return.
4	Stopped here for dinner on a Monday night.  Good, quick American Chinese if you are looking for something filling and tasty.  Girlfriend and I split the following dishes:Egg Drop Wonton Soup - soup for one (but big enough to share) that was strangely orange and thick and contained two somewhat chewy dumplings.  Not my favorite, but girlfriend liked it.Chicken Wings - legs and wings deep fried in a slightly curry-flavored breading.  Very tasty! Six pieces.Triple Delight - pork, chicken, and shrimp stir fried in a brown sauce with some leeks.  Served with rice.  Tasty, though brown sauce was a little heavy.  Only a couple shrimp.All portions were filling. Spent $20 for the two of us.  Decent food at reasonable prices.
5	Best takeout I've had in Charlotte yet.  Wont go anywhere else.  Usually get their chicken mei fun and lo mein for my girlfriend.
4	The food is great.  It's my go to for chinese. The crab rangoons, pot stickers and hot and sour soup are all great. They give you the little fried things to dip in sweet and sour sauce. I usually get Ho Fun but this last time, they changed the noodles from extremely wide to almost like Pad Thai noodles. It was a disapoint but was still okay. the restaurant is usually quiet and  clean. Service is always great. There is convienent parking although getting out of the plaza can be difficult if  you are trying to go left.
3	The food was so gross!It was greasy and very bland. I very disappointed because the reviews were so generous but I will not go back. Plus their sanitation score was 91.5! Way too low.
4	Great lunch spot. Perfect portions, amazing prices. Good quality authentic, quick "American" Chinese.Chicken and broccoli is where it's at! Crab rangoons were also on point.
