5	Love this place. It's never over crowded, the staff is friendly, service is quick and the food is excellent. It isn't anything fancy or trendy, just a nice local's place.
5	People are great and the food is awesome. Been eating their pizza's regularly for a couple years now. Awesome!!
3	A charity function was held at this place. I will say they do have courteous staff. I dont think they were expecting the amount of guests that were confirmed (100 plus?). Their Pizzas are ok, The salad looked good. The waitress did mess up our orders, but luckily she gave us a discount. If it wasnt a function, I think the service wouldve been better. I needed a refill of my drink and I basically got the refill myself. They do have a good variety of foods. The only negative of this place is No Dessert. After the acidity of tomato sauce, I was looking for something sweet to neutralize it. Hey theres always DQ, right next door to them.
4	Good prices on beer and food, plus if the bartender likes you the drinks get pretty strong too! (some of the bartenders are kind of creepy also...)Make sure you get the italian "fries" which is bits of fried garlicky buttery dough for dipping in red sauce. It's pretty wild how good they are.Finally they have a claw game where you can catch live lobsters. That game is the bane of my existence but the old pros tell me the strategy is to get one clay under the head and the other two behind the arms with the lobsters weight coming forward. They're frisky little critters and will buck when you catch them. Also make sure not to go for ones along the edges the claw doesn't go that far. And to those of you who think this is cruel, those lobsters have a much better chance getting away from you than pretty much any other lobsters anywhere else so maybe they're the lucky ones!
3	We've had the Chicago deep dish pizza and also had the hamburgers too. All good, but sadly nothing that is really special. There is never more than a handful of people in the place and we hope they make it. The economy stinks and there is too many other places just like it nearby. Great effort on making the place nice, but I don't know if it's enough to keep the place afloat.
3	My wife and I visited Brando's with a Groupon.  She got a pizza and I got the burger.  The burger was average and the "seasoned" fries were just regular fries, but no real complaints.  The pizza was definitely above average, but not enough to make me want to come back for it again.  We chose not to have any alcoholic drinks here so I can't comment on the place as a bar except to say that they don't have any beer on tap.  As a beer drinker I do not go to a bar for bottled beer, I can have that all I want at home plus I don't have to always wear pants.  Our waiter was very friendly and helpful, but overall it was not memorable or unique enough to warrant a repeat visit.
5	I love this place! Great tasting pizza.  I think is the best in Las Vegas!  I love their greek salad I always come here with my roommate!
3	This is a good place. Its never crowded so the service is always good. The pizza is excellent as is the pasta but the hamburgers and sandwiches are very average. There is no draft beer which sucks but the bottle beer is reasonably priced especially the imports. They are always out of top shelf liquor for some reason. The happy hours are very odd also. Just an hour in the afternoon and evening and only 50 cents or so off the drinks with no food specials. All in all, not a bad place especially compared to whats in the immediate area.
