4	Came in on a Saturday afternoon to grab lunch with the kids.  You have a choice of ordering at the counter or sitting at a table and getting served.  Since the bartender greeted us as we walked in (nice how they put the bar right there) and it had been a long morning on the football practice field...we opted to sit at the high top table in the bar area and be served.  Chad the bartender/waiter was very helpful and attentive.  The son was excited because he was able to sit at watch the Xgames that were on the TVs.  We ordered The Joilte Jake (Chicago style) and the Sonoran (Southwestern Style). Son ordered kids chicken fingers and daughter ordered Puppy Dogs (think mini battered and fried dogs).  We also had a coupon for Chili Cheese Chips.  All was really good!  Hot dogs were cooked just right and the topping were fresh and very good.  Bun was not soggy - that happens when you have too much "wetness" on top.  Chili Cheese Chips were really good and probably crispier than if we had ordered the Chili Cheese Fries.  Kids both liked their meals, though the kids chicken tenders only had 2 tenders and that wasn't enough for the 10 year old who had 2 hour football practice.  My son asked the owner, John, if it was supposed to be 3 tenders and he said no, just two, but said he would hook him up and he did!  2 more tenders..very nice. We spoke to John and very nice guy, used to write food reviews for the Charlotte Observer (likes the Yelp community!!)  The price was good and we had a look at their salads as they went cruising by and they are very large.  We will definitely be coming back!!  They have a full bar and TVs inside...There is also outdoor patio season and they are going to do some special things for football season..nice spot in Ballantyne East shopping center...on the back side (not facing Harris Teeter), next to McAlisters.  Patio has a view of the fountain.
4	I was heading home from Raleigh and while I was hungry, I didn't want to spend a lot or have a long drawn out dinner.  JJ's fits the bill.  On the positive side, their dogs are grilled and not boiled.  Their menu covers the gamut of hot dogs from around the country.  Growing up in Jersey, we ate all beef dogs, Nathans, Hebrew Natl, Sabrettso eating the Sahlen's hot dogs was definitely different. For my money there is nothing better than a good beef hot dog.  JJ's does offer a beef dog as well as a veggie dog so next time I'll try the beef.  All the hot dogs are served on a Martin's potato roll.  I am not a big fan of the Martins rolls.  I found them a little on the gummy side. I had the Chicago dog.  Their version was good but was missing the poppy seed bun.  It doesn't take a brain surgeon to make one just as easily and good at home but when your in the mood  for one and don't want to cook it the JJ's is a good alternative.
4	As a fan of the East Blvd location, I very much enjoyed my visit to the brand-spankin'-new Ballantyne location.  Decorated well, great seating and views of the fountain.  And as with the East Blvd location, the overall dining experience is a 3.5 that I am rounding up in hopes that I just haven't had the right dog/side combo yet.Located in Ballantyne right next to the McAlister's (on the same side as Libretto's and the burger joint that shan't be named), they did a fab job of turning the place into a dog joint.  Comfy seating throughout and expedient service.  From their FB page, I got a coupon for a free dog (go there now and get the coupon, free wieners are a good thing!), and since I am eating like they are taking me to the gas chamber until my Nutrisystem torture plan gets here, I decided to get 2 dogs and onion rings.  The food:I had previously had the Chili Cheese Coney at the East Blvd location so I ordered that again, no onions.  The dog is good - good char, snappy skin.  Bun is fine, but their chili just doesn't get me all atwitter.  It's meh.  And I wish they had a better melting cheese, as the cheese that is sprinkled doesn't melt, it just kind of sits on top of the chili.  I added ketchup, it was fine.The Whistle Pig - dog with BACON, cheese, onions and mustard - I had them skip the onions and mustard.  Big pieces of bacon that covered the entire dog, though rather chewy.  Again with the shredded cheese, no melting.  Dog was grilled/charred well, bun was fine, bacon and cheese combo (I added ketchup) was good.  I liked this better than the chili cheese coney.Onion rings - incredibly greasy.  I mean, I am eating hot dogs and fried sides, so obviously I am not on a health kick, but the onion rings were crazy greasy soaking through the wax paper and coating everything it touched.  Thin cut onions with a crunchy, well flavored batter.  I only ate a few before the oily taste just became too much.I do like the dogs at JJ's, so I an going to keep trying combos until I find one I like.  A dog, side and fountain drink combo is $5.99, so it is reasonable.  They have Coke products to drink (Cherry Coke - YAY!).  There is also a pickle bar with some very interesting choices - the quick pickles are yummy.
4	Let me just put it out there:Things I love (in no particular order) :1. Hot dogs2. Bacon3. Cheese And lucky for me JJ's knows how to put them all together on a super delicious hot dog. Thanks to Amy C, I scored a free hot dog from their Facebook page so I decided to give the new location a try and see what Ballantyne had to offer. So on Sunday afternoon I popped in, the place was pretty busy but I guess that's always a sign of good food. No need to review the menu I already knew what I wanted....a WHISTLE PIG and onion rings. Ok, seriously if you like bacon this is the salty goodness hot dog you have been waiting on. I'm hooked.There was some confusion with my coupon at the counter, but after two cashiers and the manager came over the issue was quickly resolved. And I found a table in right in front of the tv. The setup is similar to the other location, funky decor (yes the drums are still on the ceiling) open kitchen and a bar in the corner. After a short wait my food arrived, I was a little disappointed in the onion rings. I'm totally a fan of the onion rings because I love how they are so thin and the seasoning is delicious. But on this afternoon they were served up cold. I guess it's because they were so busy, so no problems I just doused them in ketchup. Still good, just wish they had come out hot. Highlight of the meal...of course was that hot dog. Delish! There was bacon, cheese and mustard with every bite. I am a fan of their buns (hehe) because they are proportionate to the hot dog and it's just plain good stuff. I don't really know another way to put it. YUM!I'm going to do it. And admit that for now this is my favorite hot dog on the menu. Now, don't get me wrong there are plenty more for me to try but for now, this holds first place in my heart. I'm sure you will find me at both locations again and again!
5	Sooo glad to see these fine dogs land in my Ballantyne neighborhood.  JJ's just opened in Ballantyne Commons and since I received a coupon for a free dog from their facebook page, I stopped in for the first time after work last week.  Of course I was not disappointed. Chose my favorite, the Char Heel combo.  The server taking my order suggested the homemade lemonade and boy was he spot on!  It was delicious without being overly sweet or too tart. I decided to eat at the small bar area since it was early in the dinner hour.  Friendly service at the bar as well and my ticket was immediately transferred there from the front.  Washed the dog down with a Natty Greene's IPA.  Lots of local brews on tap and a great selection of bottled beers too.Sit at the bar and watch some TV, or bring the fam for a quick meal.  Can't wait to try the Chicago dog for the next hole punch in my JJ's card.  Pickle and sauce bar too for those needing extra flavor for their meal.
3	Like many of the other reviewers, I was excited to have JJ's in the neighborhood and even more excited to have a coupon for a free dog, so a friend of mine and I ventured over on a Friday at lunch.  We met at noon, and it took us forever to find parking.  JJ's is on the backside of Ballantyne Commons East (around from Bad Daddy's), and the parking is pretty limited.In we went!  I love the decor the place - aluminum chairs, fun splashes of red, TVs in the corners, some high top tables and some low tops.  You order at the counter, and they give you a number.  I love hot dogs, bacon and cheese, so I only had to look as far as the Whistle Pig!  When the woman behind the counter asked which side I wanted, I asked her opinion, and she immediately said onion rings.  Yum.  My friend tried to be a little healthier and got the chicken tenders with a side salad, but this was my cheat meal for the week, so I was all in!Our food came out promptly, and I immediately chowed down.  I loved that they put most of the condiments you'd need on the table so I didn't have to keep getting up and down for ketchup, mustard, etc.  As excited as I was about the hot dog, I bit in and... eh.  It was a little overcooked for my taste, and the onion rings were most like onion strings (thin and stringy instead of big ol' circular hunks of onion, like I like) that were too greasy so the batter was falling off.  None of this stopped me from eating everything in basket, but I have to say, I was a little disappointed.  I really appreciated that the employees came and cleared our trash and asked if we needed anything else, and I loved the feel of the place and the decor, but the food was a little underwhelming.  I was pretty bummed I'd eaten that as my cheat meal, but maybe my tastes just aren't what they provide?  It was bad, and if you like a more well-done dog and onion strings, it might be right up your alley.
5	I've been a longstanding fan of the East Blvd location...since the day they opened....and before. Happy to report it's the same, kick-ass menu with a bit of a different backdrop and layout. It's really cool to see this young concept spreading their wings to the ol' land of Ballantyne and they've carved out a nice piece of the adjacent shopping/eating center to Ballantyne Village. It's nice. Like.....really nice. For the concept, I can't think of any other branding that has as much attention to detail as these guys. The place is just pretty and easy on the eyes. The aft entrance is so slick with all of the different kinds of signs and angles. A brand/company that adjusts their look slightly based on the location typically has a good eye for their customer base. Good show, ladies and gents. We got our most recent meal to go and it was my first time doing so. It was such a stellar experience. My wife called in our order, for 6 hungry mouths mind you, and they gave us pickup time of 15 minutes. We arrived almost exactly 15 minutes later and there our food was in one bag. Done. Glad to see these guys in the Ballantyne area and doing what they do best -- Hot Dogs.
4	Very good. I enjoy their hotdogs. I do wish they would make a simple cheap ($2.00) "regular" Carolina (chili & slaw) dog. Why not give it a try and see how the sales go? Call it the 'low dog'. I still like the idea of getting 3 dogs and a coke for $7.00 for lunch. If they had that option this place would be gold. It reminds me of this bar that served the beer at room temperature and then when I complained they said "That is the correct temperature for serving beer." What? The correct temperature for serving beer is the temperature the customer wants the beer to be served at. Same for hotdogs. (BTW that bar is no longer in business - go figure).I understand the concept is to 'raise' the lowly hot dog to higher standards but at $4 for a hotdog they are competing with subway ($4 for 6 inch sub and a coke). It is just difficult when I'm thinking about lunch to choose one hot dog over a 6" sub. To me - every lunch compares to subway. Just because subway is the value leader. haha (Taco Bell is the dinner comparison).
5	I had the Coney Chili and Cheese Dog with onions here and it was great. Had that lil Smoked taste to it and it was one of the best hot dogs that I ever had and I will be returning
3	For the best dogs in Charlotte they tasted fair...I've had much worse but also much better...we've had better hotdogs at home.  Fries and chips were OK.  Milkshakes were not great.  Service was good.  Overall it was just OK.
4	Wieners. Weenies. Dogs. Sausages. And of course Red Hots! There a lots of words to refer to a hot dog. But JJ's Red Hots takes hot dogs to a whole new level. I've seen many-a-check-in from fellow Yelpers and I finally had to see for myself and I was so glad I didThe hubby and I ventured in on a Sunday afternoon.  It wasn't really that busy and it allowed us to really take our time studying the menu.  I finally settled on The Whistle Pig (bacon, duh!) and B settled on the Sonoran. Our sides consisted of the housemade chips and onion rings. I was super happy with my order and as I sat there, I was trying to figure out when our next visit would be - especially with prices so reasonable!The staff was super nice and the service was fast! JJ's - we'll be back!And don't forget to check in before you order - a free onion ring basket!
4	This place is pretty good and the prices are as well. There is a pretty big selection of different hotdogs/sausages and if you don't like that, you can build your own. There are plenty of other items on the menu if you're not in the mood for a hotdog. I got the Chicago style hotdog with a side of onion rings. You order at the counter and they bring the food out to you once it's ready so it's like half sit down. The hotdog was pretty good - the toppings were fresh and flavorful. The onion rings were ok - they were extremely greasy which isn't my favorite but I ate them all anyway. I'll definitely be back to try other menu items!
4	Hot dogs in Ballantyne? You betcha. Colleague and I came here on a whim, looked at the menu briefly before heading to the bar. Once I saw the taps, I was sold. Bells Two Hearted? Check. Allagash White? Check. Avery Salvation? Check. Sierra Tumbler? Check. Seriously impressive pound for pound tap handles, with three canned CO beers to boot - Dales pale Ale, Fate Tire and the biggest treat of the evening - Avery Ellie's Brown.And then there was the food. Solid Chicago dog and a delicious Char Heel(chili, slaw, onions, mustard), along with fresh house battered onion rings.Will be back.
4	This spot gives you a feeling of being in a real hot dog joint. This is a no frills place. But the food is good the atmosphere is better.
4	I ventured into JJ's on a whim that I believe was influenced by hearing the name mentioned frequently on Yelp.  Maybe I am confusing the name with the significant other of our former CLT Yelp CM.  Nonetheless, I heard of it.  We wanted a quick place to go for lunch.  This is where we ended up.Atmosphere - Casual, warm, clean, hipster-ish-y for a modern location, inviting, an intimate space while still feeling easy to maneuver about Service - friendly, trained on the product, communicativeFood - Being overwhelmed with choices (I know...it's odd...isn't this just a hotdog joint?) I opted for the Hand Crafted (build your own) option that allows for 3 toppings.  I got a hotdog on a toasted bun with slaw, JJ's Hot Relish, and...yellow mustard.  I think my lack of sleep the night before guided me to the choices I made that in all actuality were just plain odd.  I believe my mind was focused on the slaw that I saw on another patrons order and the rest fell into the "I like hot stuff and yellow mustard separately...why not together?" thought process.  I knew this was an odd order to place based on the puzzled look from the person at the counter.  I also opted for some fries, onion rings, and un-sweet tea.  Everything arrived to the table piping hot!  The hotdog was good, but probably would have been better sans slaw or just slaw.  I appreciated the grilled appearance and taste of the hotdog and the bun was soft but still substantial.  The fries, while commercial in appearance, were awesome!  They were cooked perfectly crisp and tasted clean as if they were made with fresh oil.  While the fries were cut to the perfect size for me, the onion rings were not.  These onion rings were the shoestring fries of the onion ring world and unfortunately, I am not a fan of shoestring fries.  In my opinion there is too much of a greasy taste.  The tea was as good as un-sweetened can be. Overall - If you want a quick and inexpensive bite to eat with a great atmosphere and solid food, I do not think you can go wrong with JJ's Red Hots.
2	It's Just a Hot Dog !! Two visits to JJs and I have had enough. I felt as if I was interrupting management and staff with work. There was no greeting...No "May I help you? " No "welcome to JJs" No nothing. This place needs personality. A Hot Dog joint needs at the very least a warm, welcoming spirit and ideally a unique personality. Now on to the Dog. All I wanted was what I call a Carolina Dog . Yellow mustard and cole slaw. That's it. Here you will pay a "premium" for ...cole slaw. I'm thinking in NC we don't think of cole slaw as a premium item.But at JJs 3 dabs on your dog will cost you extra. Thankfully, yellow mustard was a standard ingredient. The dog was OK. Nothing special. Cole slaw very ordinary. My next whine ....is the packaging . I get the dog to go and damn if the container isn't worth more than the dog. Its a beautiful little Tupperware coffin designed perfectly to hold one dog in perpetuity,. Folks...Its just a Hot Dog !!  Wrap it up in tin foil and throw it in a bag.
2	I was underwhelmed by the hot dogs. I went in with high expectations of a gourmet dog place and the only mildly impressive thing was the presentation. The dogs were luke warm and the cheese on my dog wasn't melted. The cheese fries had a gravy like substance on them that was less than appetizing. The only upside was it was clean and the staff was pleasant. The hot dogs weren't anything I couldn't have made on my own grill at home.
2	From one star to two.
5	JJ's is one of my favorite places to go.  Great prices on beer.  Yingling, PBR, Natie Bo twelve ounce cans are only a buck.  You can't go wrong with No. 1 dog or the Mad Dog.  The red chili is to die for.  If you are looking for a kid friendly place that sells adult beverages then JJ'S is the place.
2	I guess you really, really have to be a hot dog aficionado to like this place.  We went and just thought it was over-priced hot dogs that were no better than store-bought dogs.Yes, they had lots of ways to dress these bland dogs, so that must be a whau-whau for some, but seemed to us rather silly and certainly not worth the cost.Their brats were slightly better than the regular dogs and the Italian sausages certainly the best they had to offer.  French fries were excellent, but the onion rings were greasy blobs.  Need a lot of napkins.  Note the grease on the photo below.There is a condiment bar with pickles, jalapenos and some other things if you have not already paid a premium for one of their "dressed" specials.Will not go back for ourselves, but we did see a lot of grandchildren and the parents out with children.  i think that the children would find JJ's special as it is a hot dog restaurant, but not us.
5	absolutley obsessed with this place. to the point of being unhealthy! :)everything is fantastic - and i think about it all day long! ;)the chips with homeade dip - their awesome & original hot dogs - cant get enough!
5	I never thought I would be so obsessed with a hot dog joint but this place is great!! All the dogs I have tried are outstanding, even the one with peanut butter, bacon, and Siracha! I cannot even explain how delicious the onion rings are. Get some ranch for dipping. Very friendly service, the staff are always in great moods. It's a really fun place to grab a beer and watch a game too. Love it!
4	I've given it another try. I see improvement in all directions. Staff is more friendly. They don't have the "deer in the headlights" look anymore.. I thought their signature dogs were very good. Great location and atmosphere. I think once this place is really fine-tuned it will be a great addition to dining options in Ballantyne.
4	I will be the first to say that I am not a hot dog fan... I don't eat pork, beef, or any other mammal.  But, I heard they did have a veggie hot dog, so when someone suggested we go there, I was game. As it turns out, they also have chicken offerings and salads. So, I ended up getting the Sonoran Salad with grilled chicken tenders.  This was comprised of mixed greens, borracho beans, cheese, salsa, tortilla chips and their ranch dressing.  I have to say, I did not have high expectations, but the salad was good... I would definitely order it again.I also split an order of onion rings and while they were not the best onion rings I have ever had, they were not bad.  The employees working the night I was there were very helpful & friendly.  For a quick casual spot, this is not a bad option... and if you are not a fan of the dogs, don't worry - they also offer the salads, salmon sliders, a Portofino mushroom veggie dog, and a couple of chicken sandwich options. Oh, and as the other reviewers have mentioned, they have a pretty decent selection of beers as well.
5	All diffent kinds of dogs, had the italian sausage with pintos. It was all great, small but good beer selection. $2.00 drafts on Tuesday! Not a lot of bar crowd but great starter place.
5	Great hot dogs and a fun atmosphere. The kids love coming here.  All the dogs I've tried are great, with my fav being the Whistle Pig. The onion rings are great too...well seasoned, thinly slices, and crispy.
3	I very rarely get in the mood for a dog but I wanted to try JJ's so I made the trek this afternoon. First of all enough with condiment graffiti already! The mustard belongs belongs on the bun with the dog bathing in it, not on top the sauerkraut and onions!! Service was very good and they obliged my request with a smile. The dog itself was good, not the best I've had which was from Chicago but the quality is certainly better than what you get from a typical street cart. I was a bit disappointed because I like my dogs grilled, this one was somewhat grilled on the outside but it tasted boiled (full of water) inside.  The sauerkraut was fresh (as in fresh out of the can)  but totally bland and the chopped onions raw, I should have skipped those. $4 seemed a bit high for what it was.   The fries looked real, with skin and all but tasted nothing like it -more like salty cardboard. As starved as I was (by that time it was 2:30pm) I couldn't eat them. Now I'm out of $7 so I'm less impressed. I ordered the bratwurst and let me tell you : Waldhorn has nothing to fear from JJs. It was OK, not great, expensive at $6 and topped again with kraut so bland they don't even use peppercorns when cooking it. With taxes and tip I spent around $15 and drank tap water. It's not often that I buy a hotdog and end up wishing I had gone to a German restaurant instead but there you have it.
4	Quality of the hot dogs is a lot better than you typically see.  Certainly now our goto place for a dog!  Onion rings were great too.  The orange-aid made with fresh squeezed oranges was light and great!
4	We were looking for something quick and inexpensive, and we've been wanting to try JJ's for a while. For about $6.50 I got a Coney Chili Cheese dog with onion rings and a drink. When the food was ready, I was actually surprised by how much I got for the price. The hotdog was good and the onion rings were very good. My wife got the fries which were not bad either. It's not every day that I'm in the mood for a hotdog, but next time I am, we'll be back at JJ's.
5	For a hot dog place.... I give this place 5 stars.  I love that they burn the hot dog, just how I like.   And I love their orangeade.   The music selection is always good and their serve beer and wine.   What's not to love here.
5	I love this place! The best place to get hotdogs. I'm sure everything on the menu is just as phenomenal, but I just can't seem to order anything besides the hotdogs every time I go!My boyfriend and I stumbled upon this place and I am so glad we did. We go weekly and take other people every time. I never would've imagined that I would put these crazy toppings on a hotdog. But I tried a hotdog with pimento cheese and I haven't been able to stop thinking about it? Order the big cheesy when you go!Tuesdays are the best night to go. All regular dogs are $2 and all draft beers are $2. It's not the cheap beer either - they serve local craft beers.If you haven't been you're really missing out!
5	My husband goes to JJ's with co-workers for lunch and then raves about it, but this was the first visit for our 1.5-year old and me. It's just as good as my husband describes. The menu is great, the beer selection is top notch, the staff is first class. Seriously -- whoever is responsible for the hiring has a lot to be proud of. There is even a good amount of vegetarian and chicken options. JJ's is a fun idea pulled off flawlessly.
5	Great dogs and awesome beer prices. Definitely a family joint where kids can be kids and moms and dads can breath easy. Never overly busy - I hope this isn't a sign of it being at risk...... Definitely check this place out!!!
5	The Chicago dog is straight from The Windy City. The onion rings are from somewhere else -- out of this world. Food is really well done. Staff is always friendly and helpful. Get here, and get yourself some redhots!
5	Besides the best which is Pink's Hots - Ballantyne in Charlotte, NC, J's Red Hots - Ballantyne is good in Charlotte, NC. It's real cheap...they have that deal where you get Hots - Ballantyne and a drink, i recommend the Hots - Ballantyne drink  or less.can't really remember. but the Hots - Ballantyne are small but good fix for when you're hungry.
5	Wow. I have eaten more hot dogs in the last few months.... thanks JJ's!  You don't sell hot dogs, you sell dreams! Your hot dog creations are the best! My fave is Wiener the Pooh. I mean honey, peanut butter, bacon and sriracha!! Yes please I will have more of that. Dog of the week is great too! Hogtoberfest! !! See you soon.
4	Finally hot to JJ's the othrr day and was happy I did (just sorry it took so long). The hot dogs were awesome!  I had the Whistle Pig -  it was incredible - and the Joliet Jake. I'm not a big fan of relish but wanted to see how it compared to the ones I've had in Chicago.  JJ's wins! My son was pleased and full from his Quarter Hounder.Love the fact that they have a bar with great beer choices.  You can come have a dog, beer, and catch a game.Haven't tried anything else on the menu but they have lots of choices beyond hot dogs.We'll be back!
2	Meh. Wasn't extremely impressed.Pricey.Still debating on a return.
3	Received the scolding from the owner, Jonathan L., that I missed the point and took it in stride. Although owners and business partners are touchy when they hear other than positive comments, those unsolicited and frank comments give businesses information that might help them grow and thrive.  So sad when businesses falter and go away with the owners saying, "But everyone we asked said it was OK"!Yelp! can be very useful if a business is interested on just how their business is perceived by the anonymous public.  So the reviewing journey continues.My wife and I just returned from a month in Iceland.  We rented a car and drove the island where hot dogs are the rave.  Everywhere you go there are hot dogs.  Gas stations, separate booths, in malls and along just about any street.We are not hot dog fans and were stunned as how popular they are there and I thought of frequently about JJ's Ballantyne.Well, I GOT IT.  The Icelanders sell a so-so hot dog, but, like JJ's they have lots and lots of TOPPINGS, which, similar to JJ's is what they want and what they cherish.  Some of the popular toppings were unusual, like white tartar sauce and those canned fried onions and other sauces along with the standard mustards (plural intended) and onions, chopped tomato and other veggies.  Icelanders put quite a load of things on their dogs because the hot dog is only a vehicle for the toppings.  The toppings are the thing.I GOT IT!So my son and I were out and there was a JJ's on East Boulevard in Charlotte.  We ordered and on their roof top tried three different selections along with just a plain bun and regular dog.  And of course, beer is the perfect hot dog beverage.The dogs themselves were OK, but once you doctored them with whatever you liked they went down well and we were passing them back and forth to experience them all.You can read my review on that location and in it I am clear in stating, hopefully to the satisfaction of Jonathan L., the miffed Ballantyne proprietor, I GOT IT. http://www.yelp.com/biz/jjs-red-hots-ballantyne-charlotte?hrid=cWiEsnjM5FoXIPj8Dzl1vgIf you like unusual hot dogs or I should say hot dogs with clever, unique, themed toppings and/or have children with you, JJ's is the place.
3	I'm updating this review and adding a Star because they have contacted me with an attempt to change my opinion. Most businesses wouldn't go out of their way to do so. I appreciate that. Still unsure if I'll return.You should try them out and come up with your own opinion. I don't write "negative" reviews looking for hand outs, I write what I experienced.
1	845 and the posted hrs say 9pm. Just told me it's closed. Really?  Good riddance! How are you still open?
5	If you have not been here yet you are a IDIOT. 2 dollar Tuesdays is a given. For  2 dollar tuesdays you can select any beer on tap for 2 dollars including local Brewery beers. Which is crazy!! Next up pick any hot dog for 2 dollars and every week they have a dog of the week that will keep you coming back if you like to try new things like i do. Next up get the classics like the Tar heel or the The connie dog. I love these hot dogs and i try to go every tuesday with my crew.
3	The location is quite large for a hot dog establishment and there is a bar in the restaurant. The hotdog selection is vast and I feel the pickle bar is a nice added feature. Being from Chicago I had to refuse to try the Chicago style. My questions about the chi town dog ended when I found out it wasn't served on a poppy seed bun. Whats next?...not Vianna Beef.I ended up boycotting all the red hots and having a turkey sausage which was "ok."Overall, im a firm believer that hot dogs were meant to be served from: 1. Stands 2. Hole in the wall grease joints  -or- 3. PortillosThe whole Americas' dog deal just isn't my thing. Dogs are ultra local and should be kept that way. Call me a purest but Com'on man!
