5	About a week ago, my father and I swung in this store, as he was having some difficulties with his phone. Initially, we had come to this shopping center to go in the Verizon store that is just a few suites down in the same building, but Radio Shack opened up first, so we decided to go in there and see if they could help us with the phone issues.I admit, this was the first time I had been in a Radio Shack in several years, but I did not know what full to expect. Fortunately, the experience was a fast, pleasant one, and we were in and out in only about 15 minutes or so.Upon entering, the store staff immediately greeted us, and my father began telling them about the phone issues. Tyler, the young man working behind the counter, immediately went to work, helping us out, demonstrating a strong knowledge of the products. He recommended the possibility of returning the phone to the manufacturer, which would have been an ideal long term solution for replacement, but my father is an airline pilot and had to catch a flight out in a few mere hours. We needed a quick fix.In no time at all, Tyler had all of the phone contacts/data/etc. transferred onto another phone, and was even able to recommend an additional product that restores a full charge to a phone that has gone dead. The staff in the store were very pleasant, friendly people, that clearly knew their trade and got us exactly what we were looking for, in no time flat.If I have any further issues with phones or electronics, this will definitely be the first place that I come back to. Highly recommended store.
4	When it comes to finding phone chargers and numerous electronics in a hurry a well-managed Radio Shack is the 7-Eleven of electronics that is not open 24 hours.  This past Wednesday my cyberspace was disappearing. Earlier my laptop screen turned to black. Just as I was about to leave the College at Horizon Starbuck's to meet my Yelper friend Shirley. B, I saw that my phone charger turned to wire. I only had an hour to meet Shirley.B with the threat of being kicked off the grid. This charger thing had to be taken care of immediately. Before I made it to Radio Shack, I got a real life lesson in how difficult purchasing a phone charger could be. First I tried the College at Horizon Drives AT&T authorized retailer. They wanted $30 for a charger. Yikes! Without time on my side I drove the roadways of Hendertucky determined to find a phone charger. I'd stop at K-Mart. Unexpectedly this was a waste of energy. They only carried one Duracell phone charger with a plug that seemed bigger than the Galaxy 3 that was surrounded by out of stock pegs. By now time was running short and my last alternative was the 7-Eleven of Electronics: Radio Shack.  Just like a 7-Eleven, pulling into Radio Shack was convenient. Instead of hiking on acres of a power retailer's floor to reach an electronics department with outs and insufficient sales help, immediately after opening the Radio Shack door sales associate Tyler greeted me. He was personable and resourceful. He knew the phone chargers that fit into the Galaxy 3. And just like a 7-Eleven,  within minutes he had me on my way with a phone charger but sold at a reasonable price.  I may not thank Heaven for 7-Eleven. However,  I thank Yelp for leading me to the 7-Eleven of Electronics that kept me on the cyberspace grid with a phone charger sold at a good price by a knowledgeable sales associate in a convenient location.
