4	I love going to bebe to see what they have especially with Vegas having a few stores. I have a hard time with finding things I have to have. They have a great selection if you want nicer (more expensive) things to wear when you go out and hit the town. One thing I did notice is their colors are a season behind marciano's
4	I have always liked the Bebe woman. It's not for everyone. Bebe's fashions are young, hip, a little edgy, confident, body conscious, and sexy. The quality isn't high end or sophisticated, its affordable for a younger demographic. Although they always have a sexy, splashy, sometimes a little puzzling image in their display ads at bus stops, store fronts and magazines,  a lot of what they sell is basics, like black tops, leather mini-skirts, lacy dresses, mix and match tops and bottoms, high heeled and boots complimenting clothes for the junior body. Where as H&M is great for the practical straight shooting Suzy needing to go to work on a budget,  Bebe is her naughty, but not quite wild, friend who likes to strut her stuff off a little after 5. It's like a Forever 21 with a little more discerning taste, better quality of clothes, and a lot  more cooler than your average Juniors store.. Bebe is best for juniors, petites and woman who are in shape. There are those who think they are this, and you got to love their attitude and confidence, but I have seen Bebe glittered tops and other body conscious pieces on women who have either a fun house mirror, or mirror mirror on the wall, and that is not reality. They should go to Nordstrom's, STAT! Or if they're older, maybe even Chico, where a size 5 is really a size 10 or there abouts. Graduate into Misses fashion, instead of trying to force feed that body into tight fitting, bulge producing, muffin top junior number.  Hey any woman can look fabulous, just wear the styles that fit your body, not the other way around. This Bebe's is just south of The Strip, not far from the Rental Car center of McCarran. It's in one of those Malls that wants to be a Downtown City in the suburbs, like many of the newer malls going up now. This would be like Santana Roa in San Jose or Bay Street in Emeryville in the Bay Area, or in Rancho Cucamonga and other eastern burbs in SoCal. And true to their image and target customer, this Bebe's had a couple of hot, young girls working there with great figures and nice personalities, well, nicer than in a designer boutique and more attentive than at Macy's, and a lot more available than at H&M. One Filipino, the other Vietnamese, the manager Caucasian, and all 3 petite. Which is why 2 out of 3 were wearing the exact same jaguar print new platform/spiked 5 inch high heels that girls are tripping all over themselves trying to wear, as they are in fashion right now. We might see a few broken ankles, maybe a few broken necks, before that fashion ebbs away. It's hard to have that Bebe swagger when you think you are going to fall with every step! Some of these girls walk like a broom is shoved up there....well, you've seen it, you know what I mean! My favorite relative opted for a high heel for her prom dress, but it was a zig-zag large ribbon strappy number, perfect for spring, fuschia in color with silver soles, and wrapped above the ankle with a secure velcro clasp, offering her a little more stability perched on those heels she wasn't really used to yet..$115 for the pair, and she is happy. Good thing I won at the Craps table, so I can smile too.  Another Bebe girl in the making? Yeah, maybe. But it's Ok with me.
5	I LOVE this store. The first reason being is I love the line. Bebe's fit is perfect for me, the quality is very nice, and the prices are in my range.  The second reason I like the Bebe store specifically at Town Square is every single time I go there, they have amazing customer service.  The staff is friendly, helpful and I'm always greeted with a smile.  I used to work in a high end retail department store and I like to give compliments on customer service when it is deserved.  Good job ladies at Bebe Town Square!
5	I have loved Bebe for over 15 years! I walk in and I immediately find at least 3 or 4 things I want. The price is a little high..usually around $70 for a top..but well worth it. I have quite a few things from at least 10 years ago that still wear well!! The only thing that can be annoying is the SA's..they can be snotty and somewhat bitchy. If I go in there dressed up they treat me well..if I go in there looking like I'm a teen..they ignore me. That pisses me off...they have no idea how much money I'm spending. I have select Bebe stores I always frequent..some have more than others. Love!
5	My Favorite place to shop for sexy dresses!! I'm pretty petite so they always have petite sizes for women which is a major plus! its very hard to shop somewhere else with my size and this store just never disappoints me! The prices are a little high but so worth it and im a gold bebe club member so i get free shipping from them for a year and a 1 year subscription to any magazine i want. The customer service could be better though but other than that i love love love this store its always been my go to place when i need something to wear when i'm gonna be out in the club.
4	I go here all the time and I like the staff. They always help me and make sure I see all the new clothes. I love taking my family and friends here. We could shop here everyday. Thank you.
