5	I absolutely LOVE this place.  The wings are delicious, and aren't too pricey.  The staff are always nice, and the wings always take only 14 minutes i think it was to make.  It's never busy in there, you're always in an out with no problems or worries =]  Love this place, and I drive from 23rd ave and the 101 to this location just for their wings.  Yes it is that good =]  Lemon Pepper is my absolute favorite!
3	Been there couple of times... Once tried the atomic wings ...One of the spicest wing i ever had...Infact was not able to eat more than two bites.. The nedium ones are good ... There is not much service or ambience..Its located at a small place next to frys and people usually tend to miss the spot due to that...The attendants are very cordial..
5	Finally found my wing place in Arizona. Good sauces top great wings. Made them all drums like we asked.
2	Only thing good is the garlic parm  wings. There's not a lot of meat on them and all the other flavors are disgusting
2	Was craving wings and decided to drive a bit to get them.They are good, but I find the rubs a little too salty. Had the Louisiana and Parmesan Garlic.Ate the Lousiana, not the Parmesan Garlic.The parmesan cheese smelled like an spoiled dish rag. You all know that smell. Stunk my vehicle up all the way home. Tossed right in the trash. Will NOT be going back.Does the staff not have any olfactory senses?
3	It's gotten better but is still an average wing. The rolls however are a must try.
4	The mango habanero wings are freakin awesome. Not impressed with the fries at all. The staff are very friendly...
3	My Wing Stop experiences are satisfactory but seldom go the extra mile. The wings are good, but they don't really seem much better than wings you could get anywhere else. The wait is always long, which is understandable but annoying nonetheless. The fries are decent and are usually the best side to get, because if you try ordering veggies the portion size will disappoint you. The prices aren't great, but Wing Stop is worth visiting occasionally.
4	OK I am a sucker for wings.  I love them all unless they are afterthoughts like at many pizza joints.Wingstop gets my votes for multiple flavor choices and the fact that they cook them after you order them.  Sure it takes a few more minutes, but you know they are fresh and crisp.At this particular location they were very friendly and courteous.  The interious has an airplane motif, but otherwise it is non-descript.
3	For being a place that does JUST wings and 1 other item , im not that impressed .. just ordered the 40 piece family meal deal and got 4 different flavors. Bbq, Louisiana rub, original hot, and mild. ALL were just okay nothing I would ever crave again. BUT there seasoned fries were the best fries  I have had in my life!!! I will go back JUST for fries ... Service was great and place was really clean so yes I would recommend this place if your in there area .
1	It's always empty in here. Probably because the food is so bad
1	Not good. atomic sauce is not hot enough tastes like cracked pepper. ..waaay too much. Mango habanero is way too sweet and has a funky stomach acid taste. You order two flavors and they're stacked on top of eachother in between paper.. not cool. then you order fries that taste like sugar is on top of them plus celery was like 2 days old at least.They should have never been served straight in the trash is where they belong.  super disappointed.  will not return!!
3	Three stars for being average. Nothing worth wowing over. Fries were too soggy & salty. Wings didn't come with the wow factor I was anticipating for.
1	This place deserves no stars. Zero customer service over the phone. Wouldn't redeem my yelp check in saying it needed to be printed out/ order a minimum of 10 wings when the deal clearly states with ANY wing purchase.
1	Poor Customer Service! I visit this location fairly often but tonight was the worst! Marvin, the manager took my order, and got it wrong. When I explained to him it wasn't what I ordered nor was it what he repeated back he basically shrugged his shoulders and said oh well. He did nothing to rectify the issue, not even a simple apology which I would have gladly accepted as mistakes happen. I asked for the corporate number and he said its on the website. I jumped right on the website to a "contact us" form. Site stated the business hours are from 8a-5p and it may take 96 hours to respond as the personally respond to all messages. Approximately 10 minutes after I hit submit, I get this generic email stating we're sorry you're not pleased! I'm not buying it at all. I enjoy wingstop but I will not be returning. Throughout my years in customer service I've learned customers will tolerate a lot but poor service isn't one of them!
3	The review and star rating is really for THIS specific location only.  Unfortunately while I absolutely love Wing Stop's wings, this particular location is always less than great.  We've had overcooked wings, undercooked wings, random extra-long waits, and occasional bad attitude from the staff.  It's the location closest to my house so I keep trying it, but the last time we wanted wings we agreed this wasn't worth the risk and went to Zipp's instead.So while other locations would get five stars from me, not this one.  Don't judge the whole chain by this rating however.When I'm in other parts of town I'll certainly continue to go to the other locations.  LOVE their garlic-parmesan with a side dip of the atomic sauce.
