5	A destination wedding adds another aspect of stress to the already stressful process of wedding planning.  My main concern was how I was going to get my dress from Santa Clara, CA to Las Vegas, NV without crushing it.  I had decided early on to ship it in advance to a friend, have her take it to a dry cleaner for pressing and then pick it up right before the wedding.  But which dry cleaner to choose?  I read many reviews here on Yelp and was feeling desperate to find someone trustworthy and experienced.  Enter "Fit For A Bride."  Debi was wonderful to deal with!  She understands just how important wedding attire is and will treat your garment as if it were her own!  I shipped my dress (and my groom's dress pants & shirt) directly to her studio and she emailed me as soon as they arrived.  Shipping the items one week in advance gave her plenty of time to have everything pressed and ready on the day before the wedding.  We had a rental car and opted to pick up the items ourselves but she does offer delivery to some hotels so check with her.  I can't recommend this service enough for brides traveling to Las Vegas for their wedding!  Thank you, Debi, for helping to make our day special!
5	I went to Fit For A Bride to have my dress altered.  I'm so glad that I did because Debi is FANTASTIC!!! She understands how important the wedding dress is for a bride and really made the dress look like it was made just for me.  She is a perfectionist and really takes a lot of pride in her work.  Everyone at Fit For a Bride is super nice also.  She delivers on her promises and is really an expert at what she does. I HIGHLY recommend Fit For a Bride for wedding dress alterations.
4	I was really nervous bringing my wedding dress to Vegas for our wedding. Luckily, two young guys at the Jet Blue counter were really sweet and they let us buckle my dress into the seat next to us. But once we got to Vegas, after all of the shuffling and moving about (I had to carry my dress in cabs, on the tram and down the aisle of the plane), my dress was not in wedding-ready condition. I read some helpful reviews on Yelp and my fiance and I made an appt. for the lovely ladies at Fit for a Bride to come and take my dress. It was a relief to have them hold onto my dress for a few days (that way it wasn't in our hotel room where my fiance could see it or where I could spill anything on it); Debbie came to the hotel to pick up my dress and she brought it back in pristine condition, pressed and ready to wear on my Big Day. Check this place out if you are in need of a way to have your dress stored and cleaned for a few days while you party in Vegas. I highly recommend this place for Vegas brides.
5	Ok, these ladies saved my sanity at my wedding this weekend. My dress arrived in Vegas all wrinkled. With FOUR HOURS to go before my ceremony, they picked up my dress, pressed it and returned it goregous within two hours. Who DOES that? Debi and Donna, that's who! THANK YOU GUYS!!!
5	These people are good, professional, and VERY friendly and warm. They obviously understand how important a garment and a day this is for you. They not only delivered as promised, but they did an excellent job, and although I never saw them in person because my dress was picked up and delivered, I could sense the smile across the phone line. Highly recommend!
5	first things first,the CORRECT address for this location is 3355 W. Spring Mountain Rd. suite #5 las vegas, NV 89102.on to the review:these ladies are AMAZING!!!... they are helpful and kind. They really care about making your day amazing and stress free. they pressed my dress on short notice, delivered to my hotel 2 hours before they're original given time and charged me at LEAST $50 LESS than any other dry cleaners!!!..... this was after 2 other shops told me they didnt have time to do it!!!... this is the best place for an out of town bride to get what they need..... please visit these ladies, they will make your day special!!
5	This is a little overdue and I don't often leave reviews, but it is a must for Fit For a Bride. This place was perfect! Deb (owner and operator) is a busy bee, running the place almost solely... her 2 sisters occasionally help but she is mostly a one (wo)man band. That being said, you might expect her to be slow or tired, or not very personable... completely not the case! She's amazing. Great sense of humor, very sweet and the work she does is on point. I brought my dress in that I purchased at David's Bridal in CA. I needed to get it taken in EVERYwhere because it was floating on me. She also changed the neckline from straight to sweetheart and added boob pads so I didn't need to wear a bustier or bra. Deb worked around my schedule for fittings and completed the dress when I needed it... which last minute had to be bumped up by 2 weeks. She is very professional and covers all details; how the hemline will fit with heels on, whether I could sit comfortably, if I was happy with the lines - things I hadn't even thought of asking. On my final fitting the dress fit just as I hoped; it was beautiful! My bridesmaids took their dresses into various David's Bridals to be altered. Although D'sB is inexpensive and they got the job done (eventually) all the girls had problems of some sort plus I don't feel the environment at those stores are as comfortable or inviting. Every time I went in for a fitting, I was the only customer in the whole shop so all of Deb's attention was on me and my gown. I recommend Fit For a Bride for anyone who wants fab alterations AND an easy experience!Oh, plus the shop is decorated very cute/girly and was very easy to find - just off of hwy 15.
5	Absolutely LOVED these ladies! I had two dresses altered at the dress shop and they turned out wonderful! Deb and Donna did the impossible sizing a size 10 wedding dress to a 4/6 plus moving all the bead work! My party dress was fabulous as well! They are very personable, professional and wonderful at what they do. I loved the fact that they listened to mine any my family's input. They even scheduled an extra appointment for me to make sure my dress was perfect days before the wedding! They are amazing! Thank you ladies for making this experience painless and for making my special day the greatest day of my life!
5	I cannot thank these amazing ladies enough for their help!!!  There was absolute panic in my life about 5 days before my wedding as my dress was shipped to my parents' place in AZ and Monday was the first day that I was able to try my dress on... and it was about 2 sizes too big.  Holy crap.  What the hell was I going to do?  Get on Yelp, that's what!  I called a couple of different places to see what the turn around on alterations for a wedding dress would be, and Deb was the ONLY one that said, absolutely, let's see what we can do.  I felt like crying, I was so happy to hear those words!We pulled into her shop around 3pm on Wednesday afternoon when she pinned the dress so that it would fit like a dream and then said that they could also drop it off at the hotel for me.  The relief I felt at that time is completely indescribable - but as I was leaving I gave Deb a huge hug which I hope told her just how much I appreciate all the help she was giving me.  Saturday afternoon arrives and I try on my dress - it was PERFECT!  It fit like a glove, and I could walk down the aisle with the confidence that I wasn't going to give everyone at the wedding an extra show that they weren't expecting!  If you need anything done at all, contact these amazing women first - they will do their absolute best to take care of you.  :)
5	These ladies are so welcoming and fantastic at what they do!  I needed a dress altered fast!  There was a last minute wedding planned and they executed my dream dress perfectly!Super plus is they keep the dressing room warm :)
5	AMAZING SERVICE & DRESS STEAMING!  Could not recommend these ladies highly enough!  They steamed my wedding dress and groom's tux to perfection and were extremely responsive to emails and changes of plans in terms of receiving / picking up the dress. Could not have been happier with Fit for a Bride :)
5	Debi and Donna are the best! They are super accommodating and helped me look beautiful on my day! I was an out of state bride so I was very intimidated leaving or sending my dress anywhere, but they keep you updated every step of the way. They have options of delivery and drop off so you are free to handle all of the other errands and chaos of your wedding! I dropped off my dress Wednesday and they dropped it off nice and pretty with my hotel wedding coordinator before I had even checked in Friday! Great service and great price!
5	I highly, highly recommend the ladies at Fit for a Bride for any alterations for special occasions! They just did the most amazing alterations job on a bridesmaid dress and are super reasonable. (Another place I checked with first said it would be too much work and was first going to charge more than twice as much!) Plus they're incredibly warm and welcoming. Definitely will use them again!
5	I used Fit for a Bride to press my wedding dress and my flower girl's dress back in May. They were amazing! When I called to get a quote, they were so sweet on the phone. I decided to fly with my dress and bring it to them (you can also ship it to them, but I was too nervous to let my dress leave my sight!)  The dress didn't get as wrinkled during the flight as we expected. I went in there expecting to pay $130 and they told me they would charge me less because it wasn't that wrinkled. I was so surprised - they totally could have charged me full price and I wouldn't have been the wiser. I really appreciate their honesty. The two people who were in the shop we soooo nice too! They even stuff your dress with tissue paper that matches your wedding colors - just a small personal touch that was really cute. The service was quick - less than 24 hours for both dresses. I flew in on a Friday & dropped my dress off for my Sunday wedding. They said that they are usually closed on Saturdays, but they would make sure someone was there in the morning so I could pick up my dress. They really went above and beyond. Definitely 5 stars!
5	What can I say, Debi and staff fixed my wedding dress so I looked like a million bucks on my wedding day!  They are super kind and personable and understand the importance of having a wedding dress feel comfortable and look beautiful!
5	Thanks to Fit for a Bride for making my wedding dress beautiful! The staff was professional and extremely courteous. I highly recommend all brides to use this facility especially if they want to look amazing on their special day!
3	Getting my wedding dress fitted was a lot more expensive than I thought it would be. The girls were very nice. I went in twice for alterations & it was getting awful close to the big day, so on my last trip, I just picked it up without doing a final fitting...BIG MISTAKE! I had all sorts of wardrobe malfunctions that caused my wedding to start 30 min late. So stressful!My advice: Try it on again & again & again so you are more prepared for your wedding day than I was!
5	I was very lucky I found someone I can really trust like Debi and her staff to do my wedding dress alteration! My husband and I was living in Los Angeles when we set our wedding date / venue in Malibu and I bought my wedding dress from a local bridal salon. I was going to do all necessary alterations there at the same salon who is an official dealer for the designer of my dress and has done alterations on the same dress or similar ones before. Also alteration was included in the package and and they were close to my house. Only a few months before the date, we suddenly had to move to Las Vegas for my husband's (fiancee at the time) job, and there was no way I could make so many trips to LA for alterations. Planning a wedding itself was already stressful but this gave me even more stress. I found Fit for a Bride searching online and talked to Debi over the phone, and I felt comfortable bringing a expensive dress to her (on top of that, my dress had lace all over and it was still very big on me so it was obviously not a simple easy alteration), so I went to pick up my already pinned dress and refund from the salon in LA to bring it to Debi.I am glad I did!! As I guessed, it was a little complecated alteration, but she and her staff were professional and did a great job. Thank you very much!!
4	Highly recommend. .very professional and friendly :)
5	This is the BEST place ever!!  Debbi and Shontelle are extraordinary!! There attention to detail is amazing.  I am getting married next month, February.  I am wearing my mom's wedding dress to my wedding.  It was a classic 80's dress (long, puffy sleeves).  I love the bottom of her dress, and the only thing we changed was the entire bodice.  Debbi and Shontelle did excellent work!!  Vera Wang and all the other fashion designers don't have anything on them!Also, them, as well as the rest of staff's customer service is great.  It was always a wonderful, fun experience going there and we went a lot of times.  I had try on and retry on my dress several times to get it right.  Debbi and Shontelle were patient, had OCD (loved it for my mom's wedding dress), and always willing to offer free advice.  The free advice part is greatly appreciated because sometimes what I think can be done or looks good doesn't always look good or can be done.  They treated my dress as there own.  I have since then recommended my mom's dress and MOH's dress to be altered by them (they were less expensive than Alfred Angelo's service) and everyone else that I come in contact with.  Shontelle and Debbi - thank you for everything!! I looovvveee my dress.  Don't be surprised if you ever see me grocery shopping in it lol
5	I'm not done with my fittings yet, but so far my first two appointments here have been nothing short of great!  I bought a dress from a bridal shop in town and I'm pretty sure they ordered the dress extremely large to gouge me on alterations.  Needless to say I picked up my dress and went elsewhere for alterations, leading me to Fit for a Bride.  I was swimming in the dress when I brought it here, pretty much it was 2 sizes too big in every area possible.  After the first fitting, I could finally appreciate the details of the dress and the fit of my dream dress =)  I like that this place has large changing rooms and that you never feel rushed.  They truly make you feel special for your special day.  I can't wait for the rest of the alterations to be done to see the final outcome.  Very friendly staff.  They do have a white bunny hopping around the store, so just take note of that.  I think the bunny is cute, but some people might be surprised to see it hopping around.   They don't sell dresses here, but soon they will carry veils/head pieces and they have shoes available as well.  Much more reasonably priced then some of the bridal shops.
5	Debi is fabulous.  We dropped off a very  wrinkled wedding dress and and slip and 2 other dress that had flown in a suitcase from Tampa.  She delivered them to us two days later and they were perfect.
5	I was so nervous about having my dress fitted because I was on a major budget but still wanted to look gorgeous for my wedding day. I'm so happy I found Fit for a Bride. They were absolutely amazing! Everyone was so sweet and caring. They worked well and helped transform A DRESS into MY DRESS. I would have never guessed I could get that kind of experience at such a fair price. As a bride, most people want to take advantage of you because they know most are willing to spend more because it's our special day but I'm thankful they were fair and genuine. I HIGHLY recommend!
1	i was disappointed with my services.  When i received my dress back, it was covered in cat hair. It was evident to me that they did not clean my dress at all, even though i had requested them to "freshen it up."  the price was also high.  $129 CAN showed upon my credit card for a dress steaming.  I should have stuck with the pros that the hotel had mentioned.  I do not reccommend this vendor, and when my friend gets married in las vegas this summer, we will know who not to use.
5	I took my nieces wedding dress to be pressed with these lovely ladies in April.  They were a pleasure to work with. Answered all of my questions and were even willing to deliver her dress to the hotel for me.  As I am local it was easy for me to pick up.  The day before I was to pick up the dress they gave me a call to remind me that the dress would be available for pick up and what their hours were etc.  Just a pleasure and professional. I recommend them highly.
5	Debi will take great care of you! Trust her to make you look even more beautiful on your wedding day.  The environment is very comfortable. The dress fit my wife like a glove. Love you!
5	Let me start this off by saying that Debi is an absolute angel! Fairy wedding godmother status!After quite a trying ordeal with a bridal shop (DB) and a whole 3 different dresses being ordered, I finally was called to say the correct gown had come in on 9/26 - exactly ONE MONTH before my wedding! I knew I would have to have serious alterations and did not want to deal with the other store's alteration team since they had already been extremely pushy and I hadn't even had an appointment yet. I called the store and Debi was busy, so she asked if I could text her. A couple of quick texts later, and she was able to squeeze me in for a fitting on 9/28! When I went in, she and her assistant were wonderful and reassuring -- making me feel sure that the gown will be absolutely perfect by the wedding date even though it is coming up fast. The dressing room is large and beautiful, and the women really make you feel like a princess. I took my mom's vintage veil in with me to ask if Debi could alter it as well (there is a large  headpiece that I need to have replaced with a simple comb clip). It turns out she went to school for handling older pieces, and is able to handle the veil without a problem. The best part of all of this BY FAR was her price point. On my dress, Debi and her team are taking the whole thing in (by quite a bit) all the way down, hemming almost a whole tier up on both the gown and slip, adding in structured bra cups, cutting a deeper sweetheart, putting in a 3-snap bustle, and altering/cleaning the veil. They will also be pressing everything before I pick it up. All of this for only $475!! That is just 1/2 of the cost the other store quoted me for ONLY taking in and shortening. The payment policy of putting half down as a deposit is extremely fair. While other tailors will make you pay in full ahead of time, Debi does not take the second half of payment until you are happy and ready to walk down the aisle. She also does gown preservation if that is something you're interested in once the Big Day has passed.I will update this review after my second fitting on the 19th, but so far I am THRILLED with Fit for a Bride. I would recommend it to everyone and will be back for future dress alterations and cleanings!
5	These LOVELY ladies are a godsend. I came to Vegas from New Zealand to get married and stupidly had 4 weeks of eating and drinking before my big day. So 3 days before the wedding, I try on my dress and find I CANNOT DO IT UP. Miles away from anything I know, cue tears, panic. When I calmed down I remembered trusty Yelp and I found this place. I am so forever grateful I found it. From the initial friendly phone call, I believed that everything was going to be okay. Debi and the team managed to magically make my dress fit perfectly within 2 hours of walking in the door, and my problem was solved. Weddings are stressful, but these friendly, genuinely kind ladies made me feel relaxed and have really reasonable prices. Look no further. This is your place.
5	Debi saved my dress! I unexpectedly lost 20lb after buying my dress. And it was a David's Bridal dress and if you've ever dealt with David's bridal alterations you know it's a nightmare. Aside from making my dress fit perfectly she made me feel so special at every visit.
5	Debi and Fit for a Bride were amazing to work with and they truly care about making you look best on your wedding day. My dress came out perfectly and it was beyond easy to coordinate with them to come to my hotel room the day before my wedding. I ended up purchasing the full package (steaming at my location, pick up at bell desk afterwards, clean, box and ship to my home) - it was one of the best decisions I made. Talk about convenient and easy. I'd highly recommend Debi/Fit for a Bride to anyone and everyone, especially the discerning/type-A/particular bride.
5	Fit For A Bride is the only place you should go for any bridal party and gown needs! I always wanted to wear my mothers wedding gown on my big day and not just a piece of it, the whole thing. Debi made that dream come true. I had a vision of what I wanted it to look like and Debi took that vision above and beyond anything I could imagine. The dress turned out beautiful! She truly is a visionary and mind reader! I Highly recommend FFAB to all brides out there. I promise you will be well taken care if! Happy wedding planning!Ashley (Heidrich) Clar
5	Debbie and the girls of Fit for A Bride are nothing short of amazing! They made my dress fit me perfectly. My MOH's dress turned out lovely as well. Debbie listens to your your concerns and sees your vision. Donna at the front desk is such a doll. Their pricing is also very reasonable. My dress got better and better with each alterations appointment. I can't thank these ladies enough. I highly recommend Fit for a Bride for all your bridal alteration needs..
5	Debi truly cares about her brides. I procrastinated in finding someone to alter my dress. I knew I needed a hem and a bustle. My dress fit perfectly except it was much too long for my 5'2" body. It wasn't until the end of November (wedding Dec 20), that I decided I should start looking for someone.I found nothing but awesome reviews for Fit for a Bride, so I decided this is where I'd go. I was able to come in for a consultation within the next day or so. I tried on the dress, and Debi confirmed I needed a bustle and hem.My dress had tons and tons of tulle layers. Happily, I was able to get a simple bustle, a cute/chic trick to bustling the rest, a hem that was perfect, and my dress & veil steamed for under $300.Debi even had a broken foot and moved locations across the city in the middle of my alterations. She and her crew rocked it and showed nothing but kindness.I will ALWAYS recommend this place.
