1	They need to put an option to give negative stars on this because thats how bad this place is. They probably misses my vein about 75% of the time i would go here and im 22 with veins that are huge and couldnt miss it even if you closed your eyes. Bruisedy arm every single time, never paid attention, took their job seriously, and would always cuss and be very unprofessional by sexual harrasing the women and each other. I can honestly say this place is probably one of the worst company's to go and donate plasma as well as the worst customer service ever known to man kind. I was banned from every single Biomat and any other place associated with Griffols because (get this) because they decided to F up and not write down that I had a piercing and tattoo done a year before donating again. I waited exactly 12 months a maybe a day or two before going back to donate because those are the rules. You have to wait a year before going back to donate. I went in to start donating again and when I came back and I was punished for being an honest human. I could have easily lied and hid the fact I had a new tattoo that you can't see and my piercing on my left check which is clearly visible to anyone. So I let them know I have this new piercing and tattoo and I explain to the person giving me the exam in the booth that I'm not exactly sure on the date I got my new piercing and tattoo because it was a long time ago but I explain that it has been a yet but not sure what date it was. He tells me it's ok and to just guess so I said possibly a year and 2 months. So he checks my folder and the folder says I donated a year and two months ago and they didn't have my new piercing and tattoo so I tell him well I told you I wasn't sure what the date was but you insisted I guess. They say I'm banned because of that so I explain how is it possible for me to donate while you can clearly see I have a piercing on my face. You can't miss it. So if I'm lying and "hiding" it. How is it possible for your staff to completely miss my piercing on my face for a a month you claim I've been donating while " hiding my piercing. If I was lying then your staff would have caught me during that month of donating with a piercing on my face and told me I can't donate. It's impossible for me to be lying when it's clearly on my face and you guys inspect and always check for new piercings and tattoos. There is no possible way for me to get through with a piercing on my face for an entire month. They Mother F'er manager there said I don't know how it's possible but I can't donate anymore from that location. Says I can go to any other Biomat except that one in Reno. I fight for hours and still won't let me donate and give me a break. If its anyone's mistake it's there's for telling me to just guess because it wouldn't matter and since they claim I was lying then they should have been busted for allowing me to donate with a piercing on my face for a  month which didnt happen. So currently I go to Biomat in Las Vegas and they tell me I'm 86'ed from any Griffols company in The Unite States. Seriously!!? There's crack heads, druggies, etc that go there and I get 86'ed for giving you a wrong date when you they specifically told me just guess it won't matter as long as its more than a year. I know for a fact it was a year maybe a bit more because right after I brought proof with a date of when I got my piercing and tattoo on a paper with the tattoo parlor I went to to get my work done and he tells me sorry but you came too late. You only have 1 hour after you leave here before you're 86'd. Take note this is on a Sunday, the tattoo parlor isn't open on Sundys so I had to call the owner and he rushed down to give me my info and I run back to Biomat and they say sorry too late and never come back again. So moral of the story, never ever forget the new phone number you just got because they might 86 you for that. They might even 86 you for drinking cold water 2 minutes before donating. This place is a complete joke and the people here are very unprofessional, flirt, and grab a** in front of donors. I donating here for years and as soon as new employees and managers started working there, this place went downhill fast. It's completely unfair that a person can get banned from every single Biomat in the USA maybe even the world because of a mistake they made not me. You people should be ashamed of yourselfs. I strongly do not recommend this place to anyone. Anytime someone asks me about this place I tell them don't waste your time because they're probably the worst company ever created with no standards and poor customer service. The customer is always right but apparently that doesn't mean S to this company.
1	Highly unprofessional, get ready to talk to people out from trying to scam you cause they know you need extra money. You sit a cold room while hearing the employees talk about girls there going to f$&k this weekend.   Never going back
