2	I've had better.  Sat down for a 30 minute foot massage and the girl got up three times during the massage.  Talk about having difficulty getting into the mood!  I suspect she had to blow her nose or had some serious gas.  Wasn't much of a fan for the atmosphere so won't do a repeat here.
3	The prices here are good, it was like 30 for a 45 minute massage. They did a good job of trying to make it nice but you can still tell it is in a older department store or something. You get what you pay for and for 50 bucks you get a decent massage that may be interrupted a few times so they can go answer the door or whatever. It is far from a professional spa but definitely a interesting and I dare say pleasant experience.
5	Today was my 4 th day in Vegas. The massage I got from royal today was my 3 rd this trip.  Now I'm a pro when it comes to massages...foot relax, deep tissue, sports, Thai, lomi lomi...I've tried them all.  So I know my stuffs! :-)We first went to The foot spa located at the next lot from Royal after reading good reviews on yelp... But I must say it was a big disappointment.  I will write a review for The foot spa after I'm done here... Feel free to go n check out our experience.Back to Royal, the first thing I noticed was how clean it was.  There was also a nice fragrance in the air...smelled kinda like walking into a nice hotel spa where they charge big bucks.  Compared to the dirty moldy smell from The foot spa where we just came from, this is awesome!!A lady came out and explained to us on the difference of their massages.  We decided to stick with what we walked in there for... $20 an hr.  She gladly lead us in the massage area which was also nicely decorated.  We waited about 10 minutes while our feet were soaked in perfect temperature warm water.  Our therapists showed up and they were both very polite and good at what they do.  We were very pleased with the entire experience.  Everyone was polite and friendly. ( the exact opposite from The foot spa ) The shop was clean and in good shape ( the exact opposite from The foot spa )  the only thing that was the same between these two places? The price. $20/hr.I'm going back for a 2 hr massage tomorrow before our flight... Guess which one I'm choosing to go back to? :-)
5	Went back yesterday before my flight for a 2 hour... It was awesome! I'm so glad I found this place. :-)
5	So I'd like to consider myself a Los Angeleno who's had his fair share of $15-20/hr foot massages.  And I'm Chinese, and I've been to China, and I got foot massages (fine... reflexology) there even before they started popping up in the US.  Either way, my experience today was quite fantastic.  Two of my friends and I came in around 3pm and only had to wait about 10 minutes before we were brought in.  The room was very clean and there was nobody else in there except for us.My masseuse had firm hands and did an excellent job focusing on areas where I'm tight.  Which is a sign of a good therapist... if you've ever had one of these $20 foot massages before, you'll know what it feels like to get somebody who just seems to go through the generic motions they were trained to perform.  My masseuse today did some good work!  Both of my friends were also raving about the quality of their massages.I'll be back next time I'm in Vegas.  I'm kinda glad the rating is low for now as it will be a little secret... but this place definitely gets a 5 star review from me.
4	Okay! Lunch had been had. Sake has been draaaaaank. Time to relax for a massage! This is also my VERY first China Town massage experience!! We were looking for a place that had the $20/hour sign. We found one. However it wasn't $20. I'm not even really sure WHY or WHAT they offer for the $20/hour but we got full body massages (happy endings were NOT included). We went in together and my massage was super fantastic! SOMEBODY fell asleep and wouldn't wake up. When he finally did, he ended up buying ten more minutes of massage time... The room we had was spacious enough with a curtain for closure and in the front of the place there were reclining chairs and a tv but I'm not really sure what that room would be used for since people want quietness during their massage time! Since this was my first experience and it was QUITE a good massage I would definitely go back... but maybe figure out what the price points are for everything that is actually being paid for! He, on the other hand, said he wouldn't go back there.
