5	First cronut experience and I was not disappointed! We came here after getting a friends recommendation. They just opened on May 5th, but their grand opening is this coming weekend. Super good donuts, totally going to recommend them to everyone I know. The raspberry raspberry donut was what I had, and it definitely delivered. Check them out for sure.
5	Yummy kronuts! Came here twice & tried different flavors. All of them were good. We also tried their Maui burger which had spam & egg on top of a large burger patty. Great as well. Since it is so close to us, we will be definitely be coming back & trying more things on the menu!
3	This is a review of the burgers not the donuts. Burgers are $6-7 for single pattie $10 for double pattie. You aren't getting a lot for the money. I had the Texas smokehouse burger, it was just the meat cheese BBQ sauce and bun. No other fixings at all. i.e lettuce, tomato, onion. Same for buffalo bill burger my wife had. The meat was frozen not fresh and the fries that cost $1.89 more were frozen and poorly seasoned. For the price I expected a lot more. I expressed this to the cashier and he appreciated the feedback. They offered us and my kids a free donut each and that was much appreciated. The donut was very good. They said they are still adjusting the ingredients and may switch back to fresh meat. I really hope so because $9 for a burger and fries that is no better than carls jr isn't going to have me coming back. I added a star because the service was good. Burgers were 2 star for the price.
2	First time trying cronuts, they were pretty tasty. Three different filling options available, the lemon had great flavor. But I still think I prefer donuts and this is where we were disappointed. They only had a couple of donut flavors, a plain glazed and chocolate-frosted Bavarian creme filled. (Despite trays of glazed filled donuts on the counter behind the case, they apparently weren't for sale!) Plain glazed donut was just average. They need more signs to indicate what flavors are in the case. We rang the bell for service, still had to wait a while for someone to come help us. A patron waiting behind us gave up and left. The biggest annoyance was some employee's child was sitting in the dining room watching a video full of expletives. I don't think I've heard the f-bomb so many times in a restaurant. There are better and more affordable options in the NW valley.
5	Tried Al's cronuts this week for the first time and they were the best I've had so far in Las Vegas. Warm, light and flaky glazed cronut - makes my mouth water just thinking about it!  Took the hubby and friends back for dinner the next night to try out Al's Burgers. Did not disappoint - nice size hamburger patty for my American Classic Cheeseburger. My husband had to try the Franken-Burger just because of the name alone and he could not finish it. Comes complete with 2 beef patties w/ bacon, mushrooms/ plenty of cheese and an egg over-easy. We shared a basket of delicious onion rings. Love the fact that Al's is located on our side of town and we will most definitely be going back. Welcome to the neighborhood, Al's Donuts Cafe Burger.
2	Sadly disappointed. Came in to try the burger and fries but just an ok experience. Cold bun and only came with mayo and ketchup. Maybe these kronuts are how they remain open. There was only one other patron other than me. My search for good eats in the Centennial area continues
4	I have only had the Cronuts here, not the burgers, and I will say I am fan so far of the sugary goodness they have. They are not too light and not too heavy, very sweet, and very addicting. You can get a dozen minis for 7$, or a big on for 2$- kind of in the pricey range, but for an every now and then indulgence it is pretty good. So far I have had a lemon custard, and a raspberry and cinnamon Cronut in the big sizes (the raspberry and cinnamon was to die for) and their glazed mini cronuts which melt in your mouth.  I will certainly be back to try some more Cronuts!
4	Kronuts- Best Kronuts i've had... even though it's 1 of 2 places i've been to for Kronuts.Donuts- Meh. Could be better. I'd prefer miss D's or PinkboxBurgers/others- Haven't had it.Service- There's only one person there at the register... and thats about it. Cons-     -No drinks for kids? Seriously? No milk? No juice? No Chocolate milk? That is unheard of when it comes to a donut shop.     -No high chair? No booster seat?    -And yes, there was a child there once sitting on the Sofa watching youtube. I didn't see what he was actually watching so i can't confirm if it was inappropriate or not but did see a little unprofessional of the shop. But i really didn't care.    -Pricey. I bought 1-Deluxe Kronut,, 3- Mini Kronuts, 1- regular donut, 1-Fountain drink- 1 Coffee. = $18Kro....freaking...nuts.yummmm.
4	I am so glad that we've found a place not far from home that has cronuts and breakfast!! My boyfriend, sister, and I came here for breakfast one morning and to grab some donuts/cronuts for the family. I was in heaven when I saw a decent variety that were all presented very well. I knew that I was hungry for a big breakfast so I ordered the bagel sandwich with eggs and cheese and it came with a hashbrown and two cinnamon cronut fingers.My sister and boyfriend both got a cronut sandwich with ham, cheese, and eggs which also came with a hashbrown and cinnamon cronut fingers. Heaven. We were all in heaven. You can get refills on your fountain drinks but ketchup wasn't out and ready to use, we had to ask for some. No biggie!The customer service was fair, it doesn't seem like the person at the front had really worked many customer service jobs before. It's not like he was mean, he just didn't smile much and wasn't super upbeat.We ordered a chocolate glazed cronut with bavarian creme filling, an apple pie donut, a lemon filled cronut and a regular glazed cronut to go. They were so delicate and flaky, the lemon filling was AWESOME. We will definitely be coming back and trying the cronut petites which were just cronut bites with fillings.
5	I had the American burger and fries here... They were GREAT! Business picked up while I was sitting here waiting for my burger and everyone looked happy... New business in the area and I will be back again and again!
4	Finally, a place to get cronuts everyday! Not just after 9:00 am or just weekends. Love the idea of pettit cronuts.  You get many favors (doz) for $6. Great. Other food is good, but their pastries are great.
2	This is a very tough review to write, I almost want to give it a half star more.  I did a yelp search for new and this place came up. It showed that they opened at 7 on a Saturday so I came here at 7:15, I was the only one here and there selection of donuts and cronuts was bare bones and actually very disappointing. I would think Saturdays would be a huge donut days for families etc. They only had two style of cronuts to chose from and about 4 types of donuts. I have never tried a cronut so I bought one and it was pretty small but very tasty.I picked the vanilla cronut which had a raspberry filling. It basically tasted like a raspberry filled croissant with frosting on top. Surprisingly delicious!! I will watch this place closely to see if business picks up and thus they may offer a larger selection of breakfast items, I do want to try their lunch menu and will update a review for that.
5	So happy I found this place. Al is awesome, the donuts are very tasty and I can't wait until I try their burgers. The hours are convenient as well.
4	You don't go here for the ambiance, you go for the food. I haven't tried burgers but their cronuts and donuts were quite good. I would consider myself a donut connoisseur, so trust me... I tried the apple fritter which was crispy around the edges and sweet and fluffy in the middle. The glazed cronut was the bomb, unfortunately their other cronuts had filling which I don't like, but the traditional glazed one was stupid good to me!!
4	Our family tried a sampling of six different cronuts, and each one was sweet, soft and flaky layers of deliciousness.  Sadly, when we came on a Wednesday morning, the place was empty. I'd really like to see this place flourish. Maybe, they could step it up a notch, or two, on their marketing.  Service was friendly, though could use a bit more pep.  Actually, the whole atmosphere is on the drab side.  I would come here again for the cronuts :)
4	Very friendly! Spacious and donuts are very tasty. I wish tyere was more to choose from.  Should have came earlier.
5	I came here for the Kronuts, people. And they did not disappoint. I saw this place on Yelp - I'm always looking for new joints in my area. I like to get donuts for my workplace once a month, so I wanted to try out this place. I've heard how awesome kronuts are. We got the chocolate sprinkles, chocolate and nuts, glazed and the cream filled. I had some of the cream filled and glazed. Good god these were good. I am not one for sweets...but these are the best sweets I've had here in Vegas. The other 5 people in my office agree as well. This is kind of an out of the way location, but it's in a nice plaza. The lady was very sweet and helpful. The place is very clean and well decorated. They are pricier, but for me, it was worth it. Maybe I just won't buy for the whole office next time.I hope this place does well, because I want this to be my monthly treat!
5	Wow this place is great. The kronuts are a little more expensive than a donut, but wow are they good. Light and flaky yet substantial. I had the Buffalo Bill burger and it was also good, you can tell they use fresh, high quality ingredients. Love this place!
5	When we came here we got a kronut, iced coffee and the buffalo fries. Everything here was delicious and came out to us super fast.  The cashier was really nice about recommending things to us and what she liked. I would definitely recommend this to other people and stop by next time I'm in the area.
4	A simple no frills type place that served up a great burger and cronut! After yelping around my area for "hamburgers" I saw this place and figured we'd give it a try for the burgers. Located in a newer strip center of N. Las Vegas, on a Saturday at 6pm I was expecting several people to be in this establishment however, there was only 4 people! Not a good sign by visual judgement and quickly adding the very plain brown and cream colored walls with basic table tops and some goofy couch nested in the back I was quickly wondering if Al's was gonna live up to its reputation. This is a typical walk up and order type cafe. There is a desert display as you walk in that hosts all the Donuts and Cronuts available and while I was there at 6pm I certainly was not expecting to see pastries but there was a few and all still looking fresh even knowing they were from the AM. I ordered the Texas burger and gf ordered the Buffallo Bill burger. Fries were extra. We were offered to add toppings as the cashier did a great job explaining the burgers and pastries. She actually talked us in to a couple cronuts so I ordered the Chocolate covered bavarian cream filled with nut toppings and gf ordered Maple covered bavarian cream filled with bacon toppings! A standard soda fountain is offered for drinks as well as coffee and tea is offered. We sat down and about 5 minutes later the cronuts were brought to the table followed in another 5 by the burgers and fries. We were quickly surprised at how good the burger appeared and the basket of large cut fries. Biting into my burger was very tasty and followed the Texas burger description. Overall both our burgers were very pleasing and straight up, not greasy, or dry. A simple burger you think to yourself, I can make this at home but they never seem to come out just right. Cronuts were both very tasty as well although I felt the Maple was better than the Chocolate in regards to the bavarian cream tasted more fresh but they were both good! In conclusion I will easily return here for a simple burger and pastry. Remember the cafe decor is minimal and nothing at all to flock over so be ready for that, enjoy the food.
4	Simply stated, if you are a fan of or curious about the cronut, this is the spot to indulge in their sweet, crispy, soft surrender! Minus the mayhem of trying to get a cronut (let alone enough for an office) at Pink Box. The fun part about Al's cronuts is that they come with a variety of fillings & frostings. They're all delish so just get one of each.
2	Upon arriving at 4:45 on a saturday afternoon i was greeted by a friendly man behind the counter, but they only had 10 donuts. I was told, and I quote, "we had a really busy day and unfortunately for you, I'm to lazy to make more".   So ... yeah. My first impression was not good at all. Considering the fact that you have over two and a half hours left to be open why would you not make more donuts.? Business must be fantastic to not have to make more and you have over 2 hours left in your day. And not to mention the impression that you left with a customer on their first visit to your business.  I will not be back and I will let everyone know of my experience.
1	We ordered for take out, and this was the worst burger I've ever had! And to top it off, we ordered a chocolate shake and what we got was chocolate milk with crushed ice done in a blender!  The service was friendly.
5	Love this place! Friendly staff n awesome cronuts. Gotta try the maple bacon cronuts it's the best!
4	I've been going to the Al's Donuts near UNLV since I was a freshmen (currently a senior now), but when I found out there was an Al's near my house in North Side I had to get my fix of cronuts. I wasn't disappointed, same great taste and quality that I've had for the past 4 years. This location in particular has a cleaner and nicer atmosphere. Definitely would recommend. Only reason why I chose not to give 5 stars was because of customer service. A young guy working there was a little rude first greeting my girlfriend and I with a "What do you want". Not very polite for a first visit. But either way, if you just want your donuts or cronuts, this is the place to be!
2	Burger review only.Thank god for the BOGO coupon in the Sunday. No way these burgers are worth $7 and $8 each. The buns are too crumbly and soft. The burger patty tastes like from frozen. The cheese is shredded cheese and it wasn't even melted all the way through. I couldn't tell where bun ended and patty began. No texture contrast at all. Needed some crunch of onion, and tang of pickle. The lettuce and tomato on there didn't help much.We got one Texas Smokehouse (BBQ sauce, bacon, cheese) and Cheesy Bacon Burger (3 cheese, bacon, bbq). Wait, isn't that essentially the same thing? But those were what you could get with the BOGO.These prices are like Smash Burger, and I barely even think SB is worth that.
1	I went there yesterday and today and found the place locked up tight and the lights off. A bunch of boxes in the  dining area leaves the impression that this business is quietly going out of business? Disappointed that I never got to try the Kronuts.Later: I called this business and got a guy on the phone who said they will be open again Friday  morning at 7am. They just decided to shut down all week for Thanksgiving.
