4	Great food and drinks. Its weird though, we had like 3 waiters and they didn't communicate with each other so occassionally we'd be waiting on an item or they would just forget....good spot though.
1	Maybe folks from from the Midwest that have never tried sushi might like this place, but I am not from the Midwest.  This place was extremely disappointing.  The sushi tasted like it had been sitting out for days, the service was atrocious, and it's ridiculously overpriced.   The staff was completely inept, never ceased to try to sell us the most expensive chef specials, never asked for drink orders unless i literally grabbed them 3 times and reminded them.  There are plenty of other great places to eat in Vegas.
5	this ultra hip/ultra chic place is located above the tangerine nightclub at ti.  after being greeted by several host/hostesses at the entrance, you'll ascend a couple of  flights of stairs (an elevator is available)  you'll notice all the entire walls are decorated with gold colored deposit boxes, like youre in a vault or something.  once you get to the restaurant, youll see that it isnt one huge room, but its one long corridor, with little rooms jutting out here and there and tables along the corridor. you also can enjoy views of the pirate ship and performance in the front of ti, or even dine/hang out on the patio if you wish.  inside there are 2 sushi bars and 2 bars (yes you can eat at the bar).  the wood used for the floors and tables were all a matching tea color.  at one end of the restaurant where one of the bars are located, there is a center seating area of big lounge chairs with a multitude of wooden bird cages hanging above in the vaulted ceiling.  one of the private rooms had this funky cool huge rectangular chandelier made of test tubes.  i dont know if there are are more bathrooms, but the section that had 2 huge bathrooms and were unisex and all to yourself, which had an attendant outside to clean up after each use.  there was one area of the corridor where a faint red glow shined on stacks of newspapers (like the chinese movies) decorated the wall.   for our meal, we let our waiter, garrett, give us the grand tour of the haute items of the social house.  we started off with some tuna tataki in ponzu sauce.  my mouth went crazy after taking a thinly sliced piece of seared kobe beef.  that piece of meat was so thin and drizzled in garlic infused olive oil that it just melted in my mouth.  the same thing happened with the thinly sliced yellow tail drizzled in jalapeno infused olive oil.  they have their fish flown in daily.  i had to have toro (so silky and just the right temp...it melted in my mouth) and uni (cold and really creamy).  we also got special social hose rolls...curried lobster w/avocado and cucumbers and a kobe tataki and marinated shitake mushroom roll.  we also had giant chunks of shrimp and lobster cooked with lemongrass. for our last savory dish, we had soy mirin kurobuta pork belly.  it was atop a japanese pumpkin mash, which was supposed to even out the saltiness of the pork, but i think it overpowered it with its sweetness.  i said, "the hell with it" and ate the moist and tender soy marinated pork belly.  our waiter, had a specially made platter that included most of the desserts on the menu, mochi filled mochi, chocolate molten cake with toasted melting marshmellow, pancakes over rice pudding (uninteresting), a very very light cheescake, a guava sorbet, a tangerine sorbet, and my favorite freshly made coffee ice cream (kona blend...the fragrant aroma just lit up my nose)  i also have to add this meal was not without sake b/c we had a whole bottle of momokawa pearl unfiltered sake.this place opens up at 5pm and closes at 4am on the weekends...its a place to kick back, listen to good music from the live djs, eat really good food, and get awesome drinks.  this is currently one of the hottest places to dine in vegas...
3	Tragically hip sushi joint, semi-attached to TI's Tangerine nightclub (which is quite awful, avoid at all cost). The decor is modern and trendy, as is to be expected of a place trying to market itself to the young and beautiful. The main room looks a little bit crowded and is very loud, but sitting in one of the smaller side rooms is pleasant and comfortable.The chef worked at Nobu for years, and while his sushi is just slightly above average (nothing bad, but also nothing to write home about), the sake selection and appetizers were by and large very tasty and interesting.We sampled a wide variety of appetizers, and the garlic-oil seared fluke, whitefish seviche and scallop and giant clam dynamite were truly delicious. Well balanced flavors, first-grade ingredients and great preparation. The salads were fresh and tasty, but nothing new or awe-inspiring. A noodle dish arrived completely overcooked - not only far away from al dente (as it was described by the server), but complete mush.The service is laid back and casual, maybe a bit too casual at times. While every staff member we met was very friendly and enthusiastic about their food, they definitely seemed to have been hired more for their looks than professional experience. Be prepared to meet some handsome, charming, food-loving kids who sometimes fly a bit by the seat of their pants.All in all a very enjoyable place, but I am giving it only three stars because of the botched dish, the varying quality/creativity of the food and the slight lack of professionalism in the service. For the price, you ought to be able to expect more.
3	My one pet peeve about some "shi shi" restaurants are snooty patooty hosts and hostesses.  Our party did not feel welcomed at all by the hostess (who said we'd have to pay $7 per plate for a surprise birthday cake we tried to bring in) and who looked at us like we were paupers.Once we got past Cruella DeVil, I ordered a Lycheetini from the bar.  Loved it and would've ordered more but wanted to save room for the food.We were escorted into an elevator which took us up to the restaurant.  I was impressed by the modern Asian decor.  Our waiter and bussers was very attentive and never was a sake glass empty.  I ordered their special California roll, freshwater eel roll, and adobo chicken roll.  The food was good, but the atmosphere and ambiance is what you pay for.Based on the lumpia, pancit, and adobo on the menu, I assume the chef is Filipino.  One of the staff asked if I was related to the chef.  Didn't know all Filipinos were related.  The restaurant lives up to its name.  The Social House is the perfect place to spend time with friends, enjoy some authentic sushi, and get tipsy on good sake.  If they would only get rid of the snotty hostesses.
1	one of the worst place i have ever been to.  the waiter upsale everything.  they dont know the menu.  they dont know what the sakes taste like.  if you like good sushi dont go here at all.  the miso cod, was cold and undercooked.  the tarte-tarte was bland.  actually, most of the food was very bland.  cocktails are under poured.  i wish, i had something postive to say but even the music sucked.  i would never go back there ever again.  the buffe was 4 star at TI compared to this place.
3	Really cool ambiance. There are these gold deposit boxes when you walk in and it makes you feel like you are walking into a bank heist scene in some Bond Movie. The seating is a bit weird because they have a bunch of little rooms and we ended up by this sushi bar and literally two inches from the table next to us. The wait staff was really cool and what is even cooler is that they serve Voss. Oh, how I heart Voss water. They also had a decent cocktail menu. The lycheetini was yummy and so was some green tea cocktail.We started off with two sashimi apps -Yellowtail with Jalapeno - the jalapenos were deep fried, so it was pretty tastyTuna Tataki Spicy Ponzu - nice and garlickeySushi -We had some nigiri and it was ok.Shrimp and Spicy Tuna Battera Box - beautifully made and actually quite tasty. I love the crunchy rice balls they had on the bottom of the roll. A very nice addition.Entrees -Miso Cod - It was okPork Belly - Tasted pretty good. Nice and fatty.Noodles with Shrimp Tempura - The shrimps were nicely fried.Things were a bit pricey, but the food was tasty, the company was great...it was a great way to kick off a fab weekend in Vegas!
4	Let me preface this 4-star review by saying that I'm FIlipino-American and "they had me at adobo sushi =_=."but, I'm also a foodie, so minus 2  stars for the notsoknowledgeable servers we had that night and the poorly paced courses.  The food had a refreshing fusion twist to the normal Japanese and was impressive.I highly recommend sitting on the oustide patio because it overlooks the pirate show at TI and boasts a birds eye perspective of that spectacle.  Plus one star for that.
5	Crazy that some people are giving this place 2 or 3 stars...!!Social House was a real highlight of my recent trip to Vegas.  Terrific service (thank you, Louis), great ambience, good and stiff drinks, amazing food, orgasmic desserts, and even FABULOUS coffee.  FIVE STARS ALL AROUND!  We went here based on the findings of our friend who was buying us dinner (thanks a million, Rob!), and it's a memory I will treasure for a long, long time.  (Photos of some of the food uploaded.... well, when I remember to take photos, as I was busy chowin'!)We started with the Yellowtail Sashimi with Jalapeno.  Thin, delectable slivers of hamachi, topped with a crispy-fried slice of jalapeno, doused in a very tasty sauce.  At a whopping $17, it is rather pricey but a very interesting and tasty dish.  The Tuna Tataki Spicy Ponzu was also excellent.  The Gyoza with Spicy Ponzu was out of this world - fried perfectly and full of taste.  YUM.  Their cod dish was good but a little bland, though fresh and well-prepared and presented.What was exhilarating was their Tamarind Short Ribs.WOW.WOW...WOWWWWW!!!  Their curry fried rice with vegetables was very light and flavorful.  I did not try many of their nigiri - but the few that I did try were very good to downright excellent.  I'm a firm believer that one must try the mackerel (saba) at each Japanese restaurant to decide just how good the place is - - and Social House's saba was seriously amongst the very best I have had.  Their rolls were decent - - but all we tried was a typical Spicy Tuna Roll, so perhaps that is not enough to fully comment on their sushi roll selections.On my next trip - I am not even going to bother with anything else - I'm going to these ribs, with a bowl of their rice.  The meat just fell off the bone, and the sauce that graced this dish was just heavenly.  What it consisted of, I cannot say, but the taste.... WOW.  This, and an order or two of their saba, and I won't care how much money I lose at the tables.  Amazing food.After dinner, Louis moved us out to the patio area which has a nice view of the Venetian Hotel across the street, as well as a direct view of the Treasure Island Pirate Show.  The weather was perfect, and the patio area is just beautifully done - - has a great feel to it, comfortable seating, and just a wonderful place to finish off a perfect dinner.  Then came the desserts.Now, I am not big on sweets.... but we ordered a chocolate cake, and something called "dough balls".  The chocolate cake was rich and was accompanied by several different sauces, or scoops of other fattening and really tasty stuff.  DEFINITELY WORTH IT.  But the dough balls..... they came out in a paper bag as promised, and was acccompanied by two sauces, one chocolate and the other vanilla.  You take a hot dough ball and dip into one of the sauces and bite into it.... and you swear, if this is your last meal on the planet, you'd die happy.  WOW.Then our server brought out our coffee.Holy Sh*t.  Best damn coffee I've had in Vegas, and hands down, there is no "Japanese" restaurant on this side of the planet that serves this type of coffee.  I could still be sitting there drinking my millionth cup and would not complain.  It was THAT good, and I am a real wench when it comes to good coffee....Social House is by no means "cheap" or even "moderately priced".  In fact, it's downright expensive, really, given the servings.  But based on taste/flavor alone - - it's worth it, and worth doing again and again, and again.  Perhaps it was the good company that added to my opinion of this restaurant, but I'd swear this was excellent food.  Service, once seated, was topnotch between Louis and Robert - - but I will add that the hostesses left something to be desired in terms of courtesy but not enough to affect my rating of this place.  We got Mojitos and Lychee-Tinis from the bar - - both were strong and excellent drinks.  Hit the spot.  :-)I don't much like Treasure Island as a hotel, and do not visit often, but guaranteed - as long as Social House remains inside this hotel, I will be back on each LV visit....Update Sept 07:And everytime I go back, this place exceeds my expectations again and again........ I LOVE SOCIAL HOUSE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	This place is awesome!! Great drinks and the food is to die for!! The service is excellent also!! Make sure to sit on the patio!!
3	I have to admit, I was a little too intoxicated to remember this entire meal very well.  Pre-partying is not always my friend.  But, there are a couple things I do remember.  I remember the mini kobe burgers and the yellowtail jalapeno sashimi.  Halfway through ordering another round of drinks, I was lucid enough to question the server about the jalapeno yellowtail being a Nobu signature dish.  Apparently, as he informed me, the executive chef is from Nobu Las Vegas and was also at Nobu Next Door in NYC.  Phew, that made me feel much better!  The food itself was pretty good but for some reason, I remember the yellowtail sashimi being much better at Nobu Next Door, I think it was fresher there.  And the Kobe Beef Burgers sounded like they would be awesome, but they were kinda dry.  But, there was definitely a good selection of martinis that were really good.  Viva Las Vegas!
3	Fun spot! Like the decor, and enjoyed the food! We sat at the sushi bar and tried a bunch of things. The kana crab was very fresh, and we really liked the roll with spicy tuna, shrimp, and little kix-like crunchies. The garlicky tataki was overkill on the garlic. The banana split is absolutely to die for. Pretty good pricing for Vegas!
5	Perfect place.  Designed to a T.  Edgy and classy. Service is excellent.  Drinks are tasty.  Food is creative and delish.  Coffee is the best- but beware is espresso.  Patio seating outside gives you a view of the strip and a birds eye view of the used to be Piratte show.  The short ribs, Trout, and sashimi taster are great dishes.  Thiswas one of my more memorable nights ever and thanks to Social House for the start of this evening.
3	Social House is part of TI's continuing makeover. It offers a modern take on Japanese food, as well as the obligatory sushi bar. However, Social House is a little more than that. Operated by the same people that run Pure at Caesars Palace, it's designed to be half restaurant and half lounge. At night, the dining tables convert into cocktail tables.Social House's chef left Nobu to work here. The overall feel of the menu reflects his Nobu roots, but with some new twists. Choices include Kobe taro chips with peanut sauce, coconut lemon grass soup, citrus peel miso cod, soy mirin kurobuta pork belly, and tamarind short ribs. The sushi bar serves up the usual suspects.The feel of the place varies according to where you sit, and when you go. There's a sushi bar, a couple of other bars, indoor seating, and outdoor seating. Late at night, the place turns into a hybrid restaurant/lounge; the high tech tables adjust to become smaller and more lounge like.During early evening hours, Social House feels mostly like a restaurant. I ate in the lounge. It has dark wood floors and dark wood tables. The lighting level is low, provided mostly by small lights hanging in dozens of wooden bird cages suspended from the ceiling. Moderately loud Latin American music, with a heavy beat, is playing. The lounge partly faces the Strip - and TI's pirate show. An interesting twist!Sesame Kelp Salad was a pretty good version of a standard dish. The green seaweed was tender yet crunchy, with sesame seeds and enough sesame oil to give it flavor. It was a very large portion, and would have been a good candidate for sharing.I followed that up with Orange Peel Miso Cod, plus a bowl of steamed rice. Not so long ago, this would have been deemed exotic; nowadays, it's pretty common. However, that's not to say it wasn't good. Indeed, the fish was soft yet flaky, cooked just right. The sweet-but-not-too-sweet glaze was nicely flavored.Social House prides itself on its sake selection. I'm not a sake expert, but it's fun to try different types. This is a good place to experiment. The sake was served in a very attractive bamboo carafe, with matching bamboo cup; a nice touch.I'm having some trouble providing an evaluation because I had just one simple meal, and I wasn't around late enough in the evening to see what the place was like as a night spot. As a spot for a light early dinner, I'd say it's pretty good, with reasonable prices.
4	A few components when reviewing a restraint. One atmosphere, and two food. The service usually will follow if both of those things are there. The food here is really good!! If there was no NOBU, it would be some of the best in town. The great thing about this place is that not only is the atmosphere super fun, with bird cages hanging from the ceilings and stacks and stacks of newspapers as decoration, but the menu is really diverse, so if you feel like some sliders instead of sushi, you may have. This really sets Social House apart from other places and allows for a great place for a big group. There are always pretty girls running around before the club at dinner and with the second floor location a really fun place for an outdoor dinner if you choose.
5	I don't feel like writing a long review.  I went to this place twice this weekend and enjoyed it both times.  I love the upbeat House music and the ambiance is great.  The food is awesome.  If you can endure the heat outside, sit on the patio and watch the Pirate show right in front of you, flames and all.  When everything is comped, I can't complain about the prices!
2	i dunno. i wasn't all that impressed with the place. i found the sushi (of all places) better at the sushi place in the Orleans hotel (forget the name). and forgetaboutit if you come to social house when there is a celeb there! i won't mention names but when this one celeb was there there was sooo much security they shut down a bathroom for her!? yea, when i need to piss...i need to piss. didn't like that. :) service was just 'ok' on a sunday nite. drinks expensive. i hear Tao is better... will try that instead.
5	I really loved this place! The service was faaaaaaaaantastic, each time some one left the table, they would return with their napkin nicely folded. My water was never empty! We asked for recommendations for sake, and all the recommendations were very, very good!! There is a bathroom problem, not enough restrooms for the whole place!!! I had greeeat sushi, the kobe burgers were awesome, the fish was ok, and and the seviche could have been better, the dough ball dessert was interesting but tasty, but all in all I had a wonderful time there, and again, the service and ambiance was amazing.
5	OMG - We loved this place!  5 ladies out celebrating a 30th birthday dinner and this is the spot of choice.The decor is awesome, the service over the top, food delicious what can I say.  The kobe burgers, halibut,cod, sushi, rice, chicken and drinks were the best food we had in Vegas hands down.After dinner they shimmied us down the back stairway (of course we stopped to watch the pirate show) and in to Tangerine.  I know its a small club but everyone was friendly and you could actually move on the dance floor.Great way to start an evening out.
4	Anything located in Treasure Island kind of makes me question as to how fabulous it will actually be, but I was so pleasantly suprised by Social House. This is your typical trendy sushi restaurant, but the food is still quite good. As someone else mentiones, not a fabulous as Tao, but something I still highly recommend. Definitely has some cool ambiance. If you're looking for a trendy, hipster restaurant, you've found a place.
5	On my recent trip to Vegas, Social House was recommended by a friend.  I must say that they didn't recommend it enough.  Every single thing we had was deliciously perfect from the spicy scallop roll to the absolutely amazing short ribs.  The service was excellent and neither my boyfriend nor me wanted the meal to end.  We could have sat there and continued eating for hours, but alas, Vegas called.
5	Since I've been dying to try more good sushi and there were too many good reviews, I had to check out this place.  I went around midnight, and there weren't very many people there, luckily.  It was a bit intimidating at first, having to enter and go up an elevator and around as we followed this classy blonde girl to our table.  To add to the intimidation factor, there were bouncer-types standing in front of the doors to the patio, where I suspect famous or very wealthy people were enjoying their meals.  It was dark inside and they played club music, so it had that lounge effect.  The waiters were extremely attentive and at one point we had 3 or 4 coming  back and forth to ask us if we needed anything.I ordered the Kani crab sashimi and miso soup.  Both were perfect.  I'd recommend this place to anyone who loves sushi and a classy, sleek atmosphere.
5	This review starts with a confession.... its really hard to pretend to be hip and cool when your dinner partner blurts out to the waitress that we saw the restaurant on the Food Network and Giada LOVED it, so we just had to try it when we came to visit from Omaha :-)We LOVE LOVE LOVE sushi and sake cocktails, so when we saw Social House featured on Giada's Weedend Getaways, we went right to OpenTable.com to book a reservation.The room has a a great vibe and feel. Love the music, but as is the rage these days, it was just a bit too loud. Perhaps that was to prevent us from hearing all the obviously interesting conversations around us. I'lll get back to that.We arrived early for our 8:30 reservation on a Sun eve but were seated promptly.  Two servers dropped by to introduce themselves and noted they would BOTH be taking care of us; a concept that seemed to work very well throughout the eve as we are checked in on frequently all night.  We asked for suggestions for sake cocktails; we were surprised they offered so few as they are all the rage back in Omaha. But she suggested a sake-a-tini which turned out to be delicious.The food is definitely the star here. Others here have raved about the tuna sashimi with the jalpenos.. Yum yum. The kobe beef (you get your choice of domestic or imported!!!!) with creme fraiche was also to die for.  We came for sushi and focused on the rolls... and loved everything! The box roll is excellent.... and the lobster roll with a curry sauce on the side was also a great recommendation from the server. If people watching is your thing, Social House sure does have it. We were seated among some very interesting tables.  The older couple on our right was obviously each out for the eve away from the real spouses... she had a very high pitched Betty Boop voice and a rock on her finger the size of Rhode Island. On the other side of us, Borat and his brother were dining with their rent-a-dates and being all creepy and shit... talking to their dates with their puffedout chests, feeding the ladies as they pretended to be alternately repulsed and delighted while spending their drachmas. All in all a great Vegas evening. Social House provides a great stage and wonderful menu. Check it out for yourself.
5	Ate there on Friday night 8/24.  The service was outstanding, ambiance amazing and the food was incredible.  We had the cod and chicken adobo.  Excellent choices.  The wait staff catered to every wish and I highly recommend this restaurant.  I would say this is better than Nobu where the chef came from.  Go here for dinner.  You won't be disappointed.
5	I rarely give any place 5 stars, but this place get my vote.  If you like Asian fusion food and are looking for a nice place to dine, consider this place.At first, I was really hesitant to go to this restaurant.  The name is a bit strange and inside Treasure Island?  Not exactly the hippest hotel compare to the newer ones out there.  After getting past these thoughts, I checked out this restaurant only because I had heard that is was a celebrity favorite.  OK, I was sold.The decor inside is very eclectic, modern and unique.  Old world meets modern today.  Great layout perfect for a large group or dinner for 2.  Just make sure that you make reservations!I had little expectations, but was pleasantly surprised with the foods that we shared.  I highly recommend the Kobe Burgers which are like fusion sliders which will be enjoyed by all.  Every table surrounding ours ordered these as well.  There was also a wonderful miso flavored white fish.  This was one of the best fishes that I have every tried.  Sweet, comlex and delicious.  Although I am a huge fan of fried food, I would stay away from it here.  I thought that some of the dishes that were deep fried just missed the mark and weren't that special.  Skip those all together, but don't skip dessert!They also have delicious fruit infused sake.  I am not a fan of sake, but am a fan of these lightly infused and fruit sweetened concoctions.  These are a must try.  It may be due to the fact that they actually used premium sake and not cheap bitter stuff that you would normally get at everyday sushi places.TIP: If you are looking for something to do after dinner, talk to your waiter.  They will be able to provide you with instant access to Tangerine Nightclub with no cover and no wait.  No a bad deal.
5	this place was really yummy! I recommend reservations.. if u want to go between 7-9 definitely make a reservation 2-4 days in advance cause they normally had 6-7 or 10-111 available. Anyway besides the snobby hostess girls that stood around like stone faced idiots, our server and the food were fabulous! the manager came and talked to us and gave us his card so we could get into other clubs as well. I recommend the Kobe burgers. the atmosphere was very nice too!
4	The Social House at TI is a very cool restaurant/lounge.  Its like the typical happening place, would fit perfectly in Hollywood, but the food is much better.  They play chill house music, and its a great place to ear and have a few drinks.  We had an early dinner here, it wasnt very busy, but at the door, made it seem like they were completely booked.  Typical "hard to get in" vibe, but when our casino host walks us up there, its not a problem.  I ordered a few rolls, and my friend ordered the filet steak.  The meat was so tender and juicy, it was excellent.  The menu has some interesting choices.  For dessert, you MUST have the vanilla bean ice cream with sweet corn.  It sounds weird, but its so refreshing, not your typical boring dessert.  Service was good, nothing close to spectacular, but good enough.
4	This is a great sushi place - in the Treasure Island hotel. Typical Vegas atmosphere with beautiful scantily clad servers, house music, dark lighting and a very cool vibe - it reminded me a bit of Tao - but I actually liked it better. They've got yummy lychee martinis and some really great rolls. Had the edamame too. I eat sushi all the time, and the funniest thing about this place was the fact that they had a $30 roll...that's Vegas for ya. Anyways, it was definitely great food and a cool atmosphere- I'll be back again.
4	This place was an unexpected find! Hidden in Treasure Island, overlooking the "Siren's Lagoon" (yes, ridiculous I know) this uber swanky sushi/asian tapas place had reasonably priced, scrumptious, artistically presented food. I highly recommend the tempura shrimp over ginger noodles and the tuna roll. Yum. Go here.
4	Expensive, but very good!Yea, I'm such a whipped mo fo. I was con-ed to come here by my gf. So i saved up 2 whole months to come here. Was it worth it? HELL YEA!So I drank before dinner and had a nice buzz. Didn't wait too long, 10 min and BAM, walked us up the stairs and all I saw were GIRLS GIRLS GIRLS!WOW, all girls, whats going on? Wish I was single now!Restaurant is great, if you visit Ti, go try it out. its worth the $50+ for each person. Just win it back at the craps table.
5	i came here w/ a group of people and we got seats at the patio so we saw the wanna-be pussycat dolls pirate show.  the service and food was GREAT!  if you still have room for dessert... order the donut balls in a bag.. i'm not sure what it's called but it's super yummy!
4	I really enjoyed my dinner here.  We came early so that we would have time to enjoy and still see a show.  The place was empty, but there were no disappointments.We decided to try several small plates and share them.  The server made one recommendation (Yellowtail with Jalapeno) which was delicious.  Another of my favorite dishes was the cold ginger noodles with shrimp tempura and I loved the dough balls in a bag for dessert.  I found the prices reasonable, all things considered.  I definitely plan to return.
4	A Real TreasureI have had dinner here multiple times, each time for some fair eventful evening, and each experience very good.The Social House is located (in case you didn't know) inside the Treasure Island.  It has a bar on the casino floor corner where you wait to be escorted up a very sleek stairwell to the second floor where there is the dinning.  The layout of the restaurant is very unique and echoes that of many high end restaurants in LA... the beautiful thing is that the cost is less then those of similar architecture.  If you loathe the pirate show you should not dine here, if you like it and its nostalgic Las vegas feeling as i do it really adds to compliment your evening on this second story dinning experience at the Treasure Island. This is a Japanese based restaurant, the food is good to great and the environment is alive and hip... a very unique energy... a lot of buzz with out the pounding annoyance.Great location, enjoyable atmosphere, and good food put this joint at 4-5 star rating.  Left rating at 4 star for the all too familiar "wonderful" attitudes of the Las Vegas employees...
4	we just happened to stumble into this place prior to seeing Mystere.  we were so hungry and had an hour to kill and needed to find something to satiate our stomachs for the next two hours.  I saw a small sushi bar open and asked the hostess how long the wait was, and to my surprise she said they had tables free, all upstairs.  Whoa...they have an upstairs?  Being completely blinded by the glitz and glam of Vegas, i didn't' realize that this was a full blow restaurant.The walk up the staircase to the main dining areas makes you feel like you're in a bank, as golden safety deposit boxes surround you.  The Asian decor when you hit the rooms is very subtle in some rooms, and very traditional in others.  The atmosphere is really fitting for the name of the place.  Things get really lively too if you get the outdoor patio seating that overlooks the strip.The food is absolutely awesome here.  If you're picky about sushi, get whatever they have that's fresh here.  The ahi and hamachi were fabulous, and the salmon excellent.  Flown in all the way from Japan overnight, we got lucky with our batch of sashimi.  however the hidden gem are the mini-Kobe Beef sliders.  OMG, heaven on a King-Hawaiian roll.  The flavor,the texture, the taste.......ecstasy on the tongue I tell you (OK....that could've been put differently, but let's move on).  If you need a buzz and want some exotic tastes in liquid form, they offer so many different types of sakes that you won't find at your regular sushi bar down the street.  There's over fifteen unique ones and if I had more time, I'd have tried them all.Pricey, but very much worth it.
5	This place is incredibly expensive, but is well worth the splurge. The place itself is a labyrinth of private rooms, decks and open areas - all beautifully designed and sleek. If you're looking for a fancy, special dinner, this is a great option and is really good for groups.And for those people that actually like to be outside in fresh air in Vegas, they have a lot of outside tables (You can watch the cheezy Treasure Island pirate show off the decks.) It's really a fun, cool experience. The menu is diverse and original and the sushi and non-sushi treats are delicious. The service was excellent, with two waiters servicing every table. The wine and bubbly selection is only so-so.
4	i just got from vegas this morning and we had a one really classy dinner here. It was a group of 8 women. and we had an early reservation of 730 pm. They really like to seat you when the majority of your party has arrived. they even have a moderate sized seating area. The decor of the entire restaurant was beautiful. very japonesque.We got on to an elevator and she hostess pressed the VIP level button!! and we got led to a large room with our own bathroom and it was the room that overlooked the wooden drawbridge of Treasure island!! so it was tight! So we had that balcony to ourselves!!! Perfect place for pictures. come a little dressy!The menu is extremely expensive. but their sushi really does melt in your mouth. but c'mon now $10 for a spicy tuny hand roll that was the size of my three fingers squished together. so thank goodness i had a heavy lunch that day.but my favorite was the chef special salad : seared ahi tuni, king crab , in a bed of greens with a ginger vinaigrette that was perfectly balanced. a delicious $45 salad.it is a family style menu. important question to ask is, how many people does each dish serve? and he'll most likely to tell you that it's two people per dish. make sure you ask how much a bottle of wine is before you just say "can we have a bottle of pinot grigio?" (it was $56.00).the service reminded me of being in Peru, they arranged your place setting for you and placed the napkins in your lap too. the waiter is really great about suggesting items, and please do trust them.  and get the dessert platter. and have him just surprise you with the three choices.it was an experience that i'm glad that i had. for 8 people $86-90 per person.
4	This was one giant mouth orgasm. My tastebuds couldn't have been more pleased. I visited on Friday night (11/16) and I still have the Kanpachi Amberjack (baby Hamachi) on my mind. I made a reservation through a phone number that was listed on the website. I came at a fairly early time, 6:30pm, because the restaurant wasn't very busy. My guy and I ate outside on the patio, which is why I recommend making reservations for the choice seating. There were two servers, one was supposed to be food, the other beverage. Louis, who was our beverage, was excellent; he ended up being food towards the end of our meal. The other guy was so-so, I don't even remember his name. Louis was very nice and helpful.We ordered:Kanpachi Amberjack, Shiromi Whitefish, Miruagi Giant Clam, Spicy Scallop roll, Hamachi Poke w/Cilantro, Garlic Chips & Citrus Soy Sauce, and Yellowtail Tartar.The Kanpachi Amberjack was by far my favorite; so creamy, just melted in your mouth. Thank god my boyfriend is a sushi aficionado, he knows how to pick 'em! The Yellowtail Tartar also had me moaning. The clam and whitefish were a bit flavorless albeit the clam was very fresh. The best clam I've had was at Sushi Ota in San Diego (plug for them).I forgot the name of the sake we had, it was called Star something, the Blueberry sparkling one. Hella good!!!!We ordered the vanilla ice cream with crunchy corn and the little ube (yes they have ube!) dipping sauce for dessert, and since it was my bday they put a lil candle through it. Adorable.The bill came out to about $135 for 2 peeps; it was all worth it. Classy joint, nice ambiance, don't wear your flip-flops.
4	Ok. So not crazy about Treasure Island -- but it's definitely worth a visit to hit up Social House. This hot spot is worth the hype. The food - fantastic. The sushi rolls, fresh and inventive; the tuna tataki sublime. The menu is pretty extensive, and of course offers more than seafood. Another hit for our party, the delicious Kobe beef sliders.  The atmosphere is sleek and I love how they've used what looks like steel drawers on the interior walls. My only complaints are that service was a bit rushed and the sake menu wasn't huge, in comparison to some San Francisco sushi spots.
4	It's more of a 3.5 star place but i'll give it 4. The menu has some interesting things on it that sound great. I thought the cold food was better than the hot food. The best thing I had was yellowtale tartar with yuzu and pepper. The worst thing I had were the mini kobe burgers. They weren't bad but It kinda threw everything off.
5	Fabulous food, amazing service and wonderful ambiance. Great for groups with delicious cocktails. The patio offers an intimate setting with great views of the activity on the strip. Definitely order the miso cod.
2	cheesecake factory : grand luxesushi roku : social housekind of, but not quite.  but for all those who worship sushi roku, this is the glamorized version.  food is not great, fish isn't that fresh, and it's damn expensive.  stars are for ambiance only.so not worth it.
5	Went here with my friends because The Steak House was closed. It was probably the best-second-option I've ever been to. We ordered a TON of food for the 3 of us. EVERYTHING was AMAZING. One of my friends is fairly picky on certain asian foods and she loved everything. The pancit is great. We had a few skewers. The soft crab was to die for. I had the short ribs and I could have used my fork to cut everything. The bar downstairs and upstairs had a great ambiance. I really liked the intimate set-up. Initially, our waiter was REALLY awkward, but we got a new waiter I think his name was Jerry or Jared. He was so helpful. Probably some of the best service I've gotten on this trip.
5	My friends and I were raving about this place for days afterwards, dreaming about the Kobe beef burgers and the sashimi.  I came in thinking I didn't like sushi/sashimi that much, but wow!  So good.  There were also some very delicious fall-apart-in-your-mouth-tender ribs.  My mouth is watering.  What makes this place great is that the service was also amazing.  Ok ok, I am a sucker for good service, but our waiter was EXTREMELY helpful, and helped us order our food.  We told him about how much we wanted to spend, and he helped us accordingly.  When that was done, and we were still a bit hungry, he helped us order a couple more.  All in all, came out to around $80/person including a bottle of sake.  SO WORTH IT.  I would totally come here again.After dinner, he also let us down into Tangerine (TI's club), allowing us to bypass the line and the cover.  Sweet!  On the way down, we also caught a good view of the pirate show.
5	The whole layout of the place was very nice and unique.  It allows for people watching yet provides an intimate and private atmosphere for you and your party.The food was delicous! I especially enjoyed the shrimp tempura.  It reminded me of the Honey Walnut Glazed Shrimps you would find at Chinese restaurants rather than the typically batter fried ones.Plan to spend money but it is really worth it!
5	Have to chime in for my favorite restaurant on the planet.Now granted, my reviews here are skewed on the budget front -- every time I've eaten at this joint, which is four times now, it has been on the company dime.But let me tell you in no uncertain terms, if money is less of an object for a night, and you want an amazing meal, this place is at the top of your list. Just ask the waiter to work with the chef and keep things at $X/person, and sit back let them wow you. I wouldn't go choosing your meal, let the Asian gods of fate smile upon you. (Errr, somethin.) I won't go into the menu as others have, and besides, I've tried almost everything and there isn't a dish in the place that isn't at least an A-.You have to be a fucking punk to give this place 2 or 3 stars. It's straight up amazing.
4	Social House is inside of Treasure Island, which isn't one of my favorite hotels, but we went specifically to go to Social House. Since you know, all the celebrities go here. haha. Anyhow, we went to Social House to celebrate a friend's 22nd birthday. When you get to the restaurant inside the hotel, there is a bar and lounge area. To get to the actual dining area, you would walk up a flight of stairs.. The stairwell that takes you up to the restaurant consists of walls adorned with gold safes... It feels like you're in a bank or something. Anyhow, didn't get to get a great look at the inside of the restaurant since our group was larger and they sat us outdoors ... No complaints since it was a last minute reservation for a large party. The only complaints were that it was really cold and even though they had heating lamps outside, the lamps were placed in no strategic order whatsoever.. Most of my friends were freezing and they told us the lamps were bolted down even though they werent.Anyways, on to the food... Before we got our food, I ordered a green tea cocktail that was mMmMMMm yummy. Usually with green tea cocktails, you can barely taste the tea, but they really know how to make a green tea cocktail here. You could taste the blend of alchol and also a strong green tea taste... it was delicious. As for the food, my boyfriend and I shared a shrimp tempura roll, Unagi w/Cream cheese, spicy tuna roll, and also Teriyaki Chicken.So bottom line about Social House.. Very very good sushi, but also very expensive. But just like Rob T. mentions, if you want to have a good night in a nice restaurant w/good food, then this is for you. Unfortunately, the service we got wasn't so great... Maybe because we were younger, but who knows.but let me tell you, it's pretty awesome sitting outdoors and having an amazing view of the strip while eating some good sushi... oh, and also a front row , from the top , seat for the TI SIRENS show...definitely memorable.. not sure if i would return since i can get amazing sushi for a much lower price.. but, this is definitely a great place for ambiance if you're with a group of friends and want to have a nice dinner out before a crazy night out on the strip.
4	This sushi restaurant was an accidental surprise, as we were staying at the Treasure Island for a convention, and decided to hit a hotel restaurant.  Little did I realize that the sushi restaurant was such a great one!  The decor and layout is fabulous, multi-level and very cool; with a beautiful outdoor patio with an overview of the pirate extravaganza.  Drinks are inventive and tasty, although a bit on the pricey side (but probably not much different than the rest of the strip!).  We shared a couple of rolls and a yellowtail jalapeno appetizer, which was really good.  Of specific note was the spicy scallop roll - I've never tasted anything like it before.   I can't compare the Social House to any other sushi places in Vegas, but on its own - definitely a place to try!
4	SO and I hit SH last nite ..haven't hit a strip restaurant for a few weeks... this was on my list ...SO likes sushi and i figured it wouldn't be to busy with the "pretty people"  ...it had a decent crowd , but we were seated immediately.as we figured, relatively loud music, tables kinda close to each other ...at least the couple next to us were sociable and open to discuss the food items they selected ( the drinks too )we started with miso soup and edamame ( soup so-so...$5, edamame decent ...$5 / bowl )ordered one of the house specials - yellowtail w/jalepeno ( $20 ) - about 6 slices, very nice we also shared a citrus chili infused squid - wow - great balance and very tender squid....i believe it cost about $15...again..decent price for a strip flashy placeSO had the scallop roll and the salmon/avocado handroll ( $5 for the handroll...it was a little on the small side but priced right )  the scallop roll was very good...can't remember the price on it...my guess..a.bout $8-$10I ordered the citrus miso cod - i tell ya for $22 a good deal - it was a decent sized piece ....vey tasty...came with a fennel slaw...i thought a great contrast...i still give matsuhisa a slight nod on taste but SH gives them a run for the money !!had 2 foo-foo drinks ...some sort of tequila sunrise type of drink - it had watermelon and rasberrry...a little too sweet for me...$12 and then i had a pineapple mojito...if i had my eyes covered and drank this, i would've guessed it was a standard mojito...i guess putting the pineapple wedge on the glass makes it a pineapple mojito - it was very tasty and definitely tasted the liquor in this one...also $12....overall, i was pleasantly surprised by this place - i really thought it would be more about the look and little to no substance ....and i think the pricing is very reasonable for a strip restaurant....pics will be posted
5	This place set my standards for sushi super high because it's EXCELLENT here.  Fresh and delicious food, good service, beautiful presentation, nice ambiance, and good looking wait staff ;)Gotta have the Yellowtail Sashimi w/ Jalapeno...DELISH!
5	AMAZING. It is tradition for me to visit this fantastic restaurant each time I visit Las Vegas. The kobe beef burgers are FLAWLESS, as is the yellowtail sashimi. The desert platters are UNBELIEVABLE. I honestly have no complaints.
5	OK we did no research on this place prior to going, last night we had planned on the tequila bar but the kitchen closed at 11 instead of midnight as we had expected, but as we were very hungry we opted for Social House for food. Walking in and glancing at the prices I was a little concerned about budget. When I saw the sake menu I grew more concerned but decided to through caution to the wind and started to order a few items. Edamame to start and "Star Rabbit" sake, a fruity one that sounded different, curry rice, and chilled seaweed salad to start, add to that another bottle of sake and some house sushimi special with chili and mint finished with soft shell crab roll. Everything ordered tasted grand and we were not even the least bit upset by the $$$$ we ended spending.  Taste was excellent, very surprised!!!
4	This place was off the hook.  I ended up coming here a few times while I was in vegas for the drinks.  Then some of my friends wanted so appetizers so we ordered a few things, all of which was great.  The service was excellent and I couldn't argue with the beautiful cocktail waitresses serving our party for the evening.  Highly recommend for groups that want good bites with their drinks.
4	I can't stop thinking about you.Your naked flesh was so smooth and enticing. Your skin was toned to just the perfect color. Your scent tingled all my senses. What was it that you put on that night? Whatever it was, it was my favorite! Baby, I knew I couldn't hold back after taking one look at you. I just had to taste you...lick you...devour your juices. Your friends, although looking good enough for a second glance and maybe even a little nibble, couldn't be compared to you. You were truly unique in every way. I'll never forget you.Until next time, Ginger-Soy Seared Ahi Tuna...
3	Dark, cozy, sensual, and rich. If the interiors in this restaurant have not won any awards, something is wrong with this world.We were seated outside so we could watch the cheezy Pirates show. It was fun, except intermittently too noisy to talk.It's not Nobu (imo, the very best sushi place in town), but the food ranged from very good to excellent. I'd go back again. (Sorry, not my most exciting review.)
5	Just as I was beginning to doubt the existence of amazing food in Las Vegas we stumbled upon this place.We sat outside on the patio, with a view of the pirate ships.  The waiter was great, he made recommendations and every one of them was dead on.  There were tons of wait staff around, and whoever was close would take care of you with out being intrusive.  John was our waiter and he was awesome (and not hard on the eyes either).We were encouraged to order one dish at a time and take our time.  We did and we left comfortably full and satisfied.  We had at least three courses (I was exhausted so I'm a little fuzzy on it).  The whole experience was heaven.  And if you time it right, you can see the Sirens of TI show with an unobstructed view.
4	We had sushi at Social House and it was very good.  The sushi chef was very attentive, although it's worth mentioning we had very early reservations.   We asked the chef for a recommendation and he enthusiastically prepared for us a order of iidako - baby octopus that was not listed as a special on the menu.  We were pleased with his selection.  We also had some tasty kampachi, bonito and uni.  Actually, I remember the uni being some of the best I've had....Decor is sexy.  Waitstaff is all attractive.  Hostesses are bitchy.  Typical Vegas.
5	Sushi rocks here.  Order the Yellowtail Jalapeo.  Restaurant design is exceptional.  Love the newspaper stacked against the wall.
4	KC had been to the social house before, but this was my first time. The ambiance is nice, with a dimly lit dining area and friendly waiters. Apparently, the hot thing to do there is to let the waiters bring you food until you're full. Though the food they bring out is good, don't expect it to be cheap. When the bill arrived, I realized that the waiter had done double orders on some of our dishes, especially the expensive ones. Though the Kobe beef was excellent, we would have been sufficient with 6 pieces instead of the 12 that he brought on a single plate. Also, since we didn't order, all of our dishes came sashimi style. Though it accentuated the flavor of the dishes, I left the restaurant still a bit hungry while my wallet was already dry.
4	4 stars for the hot Asian bar tender that was working when I stopped by for a drink.  I could care less about anything else.  The decor and ambiance looked nice, but she looked even better with her sexy smile and friendly customer service.  =P
5	I came here for dinner with 5 girlfriends who were looking to have some good food, entertainment and be able to take our time and enjoy each others company. First let me say the place is set up really well. There are all of these intimate eating areas so no matter where you sit you don't feel like you are in the middle of the hustle and bustle of a busy restaurant. Second, the decor is awesome. I have posted some pictures so you should really check it out. I would say the pictures don't do it any justice but at least you will get a good idea.Third, the food was amazing. Definitely nothing you would expect from a regular sushi restaurant. All of it was innovating and by far the best I have ever had. One of the girls with us doesn't eat fish but she ate everything and LOVED it. Everyone I had dinner with said it was hands down the best meal they have ever had. And if you follow any piece of advice it would be GET THE DESSERT PLATTER. If it is just 2 of you go for the small one but if you have the room for it I highly suggest the large one. You miss out on 3 of the desserts if you only get the small one.Lastly, the service was out of this world. So far in all of the reviews I have read nobody has mentioned the awesome service they have. If you are looking to try new things and really enjoy what the restaurant has to offer they have a service where the waitress/waiter will ask for your likes, dislikes, allergies, and price range. Then they will custom create a menu for you. There is not picking involved. They bring out what they think are the best dishes according to YOUR taste. Everything is served family style and they bring out a dish about every 10 minutes until you are full. It is a great way to really enjoy the food you are eating and to feel super luxurious. Plus the servers are not overly aggressive. They give you your space and only check in before they bring out another dish to make sure your are still hungry. There were 5 of us and here is an idea of what we got: (not sure about some spelling)Seaweed SaladEdemameTuna TitakiYellow tail with Tempura JalapenoCurry Lobster SaladScallops with EggplantBraised Short RibsTempura ShrimpSpecialty RollLarge Dessert Platter WOW so much food and it was pretty affordable too! We got a mid-range bottle of Sake and tipped generously and it was $90 per person. Not too bad for being right on the strip with a VIP view of the Pirate Fights.Either way I will be visiting this restaurant EVERY time I am in Vegas and if I had the funds I would fly there just to eat another meal like I had.
4	Food: 4 starsService: 3 starsPrice: 3 starsWe came here for dinner on Saturday night at around 6:30pm, so no waiting in line. The waitress lead us upstairs for a table of two at the  corner. The interior design and ambiance was very nice. A little too dark, that we couldn't see our food clearly. May be because we sat in the corner.As soon as we sat down, a waiter came and asked us if we would like some water. We said yes and he asked "sparkling or plain?" And I said sparkling. At the end when we got the bill, $7.50 was charged for that bottle of water. I was not happy about that service as he didn't mention sparkling water is not free. As a high-end restaurant like this, this is not a good customer service. So I took out one star for the service.We ordered two Social House rolls: shrimp, spicy tuna battera $20 for 6 pcs; and hamachi, chilies cilantro, garlic chips with citrus soy sauce $12 for 6 pcs. Both rolls were just ok, just a decent Japanese roll. For hot dishes, we ordered pan peared sea scallop, nasu miso, curry emulsion $26 for 6 pcs, citrus peel miso cod $22, and searing tuna with Social House ginger dressing $24. All of them were yummy, but the portions were small. We also ordered a small bottle of cold sake called "Rihaku Wandering Poet" $38, which was the best sake I've ever had so far! Finally, we ordered crispy ice cream $10 for dessert. We substituted with coffee ice cream. The ice cream was wrapped with crunchy sweet corns and taro sweet paste served on the side. Delicious!It is a fusion Japanese restaurant, so don't come here for authentic Japanese food. Also I think their hot dishes are much better than the sushi rolls. Unfortunately, I think the food is a bit overpriced. Otherwise, it worth going there again.
3	I'm not really sure if I like this place.  They're set up to where there are a couple small rooms and each room has a couple tables in it.  It might get a little crowded if you go with a decent sized party (10ish).The things that stood out on the menu were some Filipino dishes that you're not used to seeing at any restaurant that serves sushi.  According to the waiter, the head chef is a Filipino guy.  The waiter did a very good job selling the stuff to us, but as a Filipino, I certainly knew better than to pay $18 for six pieces of lumpia, or $20 for some pancit.  I'm sure the chef cooks them well, but those two dishes should never cost that much unless you have enough to feed an army.  Most of what we ordered was less than memorable and what really stood out were the steaks.  The filet came out rare and the ribeye came medium rare.  Both were amazing!  I'd go back and order just those.A couple hundred dollars spent for 6 of us was ok.  A little overpriced for what they sold but hey, that's Vegas.
4	Had dinner on 05/02/08; we had no reservations and just walked in, which made it a plus. The service was great, the decor and atmosphere made it fun, and the yellowtail sashimi with jalapenos and the star rabbit sake were awesome..definately recommend these two!
5	I went to Social House with my sister and best girlfriends Saturday during my Vegas bachelorette party. It was definitely the highlight of our trip. We sat outside in very comfortable garden furniture, ate delicious Japanese and Pan-Asian fusion food, had great drinks, saw the pirate show three times (yes, we were there a while) and had OUTSTANDING service. Nate and Ron were not only attentive, sweet and knowledgeable waiters, but very adorable as well!Would recommend to anyone and would definitely go back!
5	We are big fans of sushi at Little Buddha (Palms) so it took a lot for us to try Social House.  We wanted to sit outside and this is one of the few sushi places with outdoor seating.  The atmosphere of this place is incredible.  It's very chic, modern, hip, and plays great music.  The outdoor patio overlooking the strip and Venetian (and pirate show) is spectacular.  Social House probably serves THE best spicy tuna rolls I have ever had.  The toasted sesame seeds inside the rolls were a nice touch and the tuna was uber fresh.  The salmon and cream cheese roll was dee-lish as well.  We tried the adobo chicken roll (one of their house rolls) and sent it back.  I guess warm chicken threw us off and we didn't like the taste of it.  In fact, it was weird.  Prices were reasonable and they had a great wine list.  We will definitely go back the next time we are in Vegas.As for the service, it was good.  We liked how the waitstaff cleared our 'used' edamame plate frequently and filled our water glasses nonstop.  Our waiter did forget one of our items but hey, everyone forgets things once in a while.  We splurged and ordered the chocolate cake for dessert.  With the chocolate cake came Kona coffee ice cream.  It was sinful.  It was seriously THE most delicious ice cream we have ever tasted.  Now for something really cool:  If you want to make a reservation you can go to their web site, fill out a reservation request form and someone will literally call you within 2 minutes.  That was awesome!
5	Thanks Giada for referral on this one.(Food Network chef, yes.) Going to Social House was sooo cool. Gorgeous Asian interior and much larger than perceived from the outside view on the Strip. If you love sushi like me and excellent service this place literally rocks. Seated outside by the Pirate show the view was sweet. Our waiter explained the menu thoroughly and put nothing past us.I asked for a roll that wasn't on the menu..a spicy tuna roll rolled in tempura batter crunchies..yummy!! VERY accommodating I ended up ordering two of those. We had seared scallops satay, asian green salad, Kobe beef steak which was so tender and flavorful. The steak was served with three shabu shabu style sauces.  Again the service was top notch, attending to our every need with exceptional timing and courtesy.When in LV for sushi and fusion food ...this is it.
4	I'm not a big sushi eater, but what I ate was delicious!  Got the california rolls (yes, I am not adventurous) and shrimp tempura. Yummmmm.  This place is kinda pricey, and this is the first time I've ever paid $5 for "japanese long-grain rice".  It's ok though, I was on vacation, so it was ok to splurge. I also had the tastiest lychee martini, complete with a liquor soaked lychee at the bottom!  I also heard some amazing house music being played here while we ate our dinner.  Probably the best I heard all weekend.
4	I'd have to say that Social House comes the closest to Nobu in terms of quality and deliciousness out of all the fancy-shmancy Japanese restaurants I've ever been to-this includes: Katsuya, Koi, and Ozumo.  Everything we had here was wonderfully delicious, and the view from the patio made the experience even better.We ordered the ahi special, the seared scallops with eggplant, the citrus peel miso cod, edamame, a bottle of sake (forget which one) and some rolls for the table.  All of them were very tasty.  I'd say that scallop dish is up there with the best scallop dishes I've ever had-and I'm a big scallop fan.  The miso cod was the closest to Nobu's cod in terms of quality and taste out of all the miso cods i've tried-although it was a little too sweet.  I'd also like to mention that the edamame was cooked well-something that many upscale Japanese restaurants do not get right!  It came out warm, soft and SALTED.  In addition, our server Jared was down to earth and a pleasure to talk to.The ambiance was nice as well-I'd say its better than Nobu's ambiance-they have a large patio that overlooks the strip.  Perfect for taking first timers visiting Vegas.  The crowd is hip and young, but the quality of the food shines through the fluff.  I will definitely be back.
5	Ok.....let me begin by saying that yes this place is a bit pricey but the price of the food is well worth it.  I love sushi but I have always had the same set of rolls that I have enjoyed, i have never really ventured out into the unknown territory of sashimi.  Let me tell you just how much I love the fish and sushi at this resturant.  We decided to tell the waiter the types of flavors that we enjoyed and he then would bring us what he thought that we might enjoy.  He hit the nail on the head-out of everything we tried there was only one thing that was a little disappointing but that was only because the sauce on the beef roll was weird.  However, there was this beef Sashimi thing that we had that had a tempura jalapeo that was on top of it.  This was the biggest hit in our group, oh yea the scallop roll that we had was also a major hit.  There was this sauce that was on top it that was absolutely to die for.  OMG, I can not say enough wonderful things about this restaurant-I would defiantly tell everyone to try-don't be afraid of the price it is completely worth it.
5	First expensive sushi/ japanese restaurant I have ever ate at. I had reservations, so my bf and I didn't have to wait at all. We ordered two alcohol drinks to start us off. Then we ordered the Yellowtail sashimi with jalapenos, Citrus Peel Miso Cod, Shrimp, Spicy Tuna Battera roll, and a raspberry sorbet with crispy balls for dessert. The yellowtail sashimi and Citrus Peel Miso Cod was absolutely delicious! The sushi roll was typical and lacking flavor. It only looked unique because it was boxed shaped instead of a circle. The dessert was also really good too! The crispy balls had a creamy custard-like thing inside it. So the bill came out to be a total of $113. The atmosphere was nice here and the lighting of the place was a nice dim. Best expensive japanese food I have ever had!oh yeah and the dessert menu has changed! i wanted to try the banana split, but there was no more
5	Whenever I go to Vegas, it's been a buffet or quick fast food as dining options. On my recent trip, I wanted to live it up and find some trendy, too cool for school restaurant to eat at before my girlfriend and I saw LOVE. I chose Social House because: 1. it's owned by Pure Management (Pure, LAX etc.) 2. It's asian fusion, sushi place and 3. It's at Treasure Island which is next door to Mirage where LOVE is at. TIP: When I was ordering tickets for the show, the operator asked if I wanted to make dinner reservations at any of the MGM Mirage hotels (TI, Mirage, MGM, Bellagio), so I got everything planned in one phone call. The dcor and ambiance of this place totally exudes a hip, too cool for school vibe. You check in on the ground floor and go up the gold bank deposit box drawer staircase.  The restaurant seems like one long winding hallway with semi-private rooms, outside patio, and half bench, half chair table setups. We were seated at the newspaper stack section. There's gonna be about 3 or 4 different people waiting on you, but they do a fantastic job. Even the water boy haha.We started off with some wonderfully prepared edamame. Perfectly cooked and seasoned with rock salt. We ordered some smooth fruit infused sake. It was called 'cabin in the snow' or something haha.  For our sushi rolls, we ordered salmon skin and the adobo roll. I knew the head chef was Filipino so I really wanted to try the adobo roll. I was expecting some moist, semi-greasy adobo you get at typical Filipino family party, but it was just okay. The dipping sauce made it kinda better.For our entrees, we tried to miso citrus cod and the kobe burgers. HELLA GOOD.  The cod was prepared beautifully and the kobe melted in your mouth. When the Filipino waiter brought out the burgers, he said 'there's 2 different sauces, horse radish and BANANA KETCHUP' to which my girlfriend immediately replied 'you mean JUFRAN (filipino ketchup; a staple in any filipino kitchen)?' he goes 'yeah! How did you know?' Also, the buns are on pan de sal, filipino dinner rolls. For dessert, we had the lychee beigents and berry sherbet. Awesome way to end the meal. We had an good time at Social House. Perfect place for a date.
4	This place was fantastic! It was our first evening in Vegas and we were RAVENOUS so we dropped in at Social House for an early dinner... We were seated right away. The decor of this place is fabulous, very gorgeous, very Japanese-esque. The wait staff was very friendly, very helpful (maybe because we were just ahead of their dinner rush?!!?) the service was quick. I had the most delicious nonalcoholic Mojito- it was PERFECT!!! I ordered three items from the menu and while the curry vegetable fried rice was interestingly spicy, the star for me was this roll I ordered...no name....Just ingredients: Sundried tomato, cream cheese, cucumber, lemon-miso sauce.....IT WAS AMAZING. I wanted to go back the next day to have that roll again! I plan to try and recreate it now that I am back home! The flavors were perfect together.... This place was jumpin when we walked by a few ours later. They have a great outdoor balcony for eating that overlooks the pirate show. I would recommend this place to anyone.
5	This place is definitely in my top 5 favorite restaurants.  Although the place is described as "Japanese" tapas, I'm pretty sure that's just a technique they use to get you to order too many items.  Don't fall for it because you can try just a few and still enjoy the experience without being hungry.  We tried:- A special off-the-menu appetizer the waiter suggested with thinly sliced tuna, green pepper oil, and crispy scallions.  AMAZING!- Scallop dish with Japanese eggplant and vanilla foam which was cooked very well, but the sweet foam weirded me out a bit.- Kobe Sliders, which normally comes with 3 and some tempura-style onion rings with banana ketchup (normally yuck, but it was very lightly flavored) and some kind of citrus mayonnaise.  This dish ROCKED.- A lobster California roll, adobo chicken roll, and a spicy tuna with shrimp roll which were just so-so and not as well-made as I would have expected (not very tightly rolled).  I would actually skip most of the rolls unless there's something really fantastic that you can't live without.The hot and cold appetizers are really where it's at.  I can't say much for the raw sushi items because we didn't try any, but the rolls were a bit of a disappointment.  However, it's a great atmosphere and very trendy without being too shi-shi.  It's by no means cheap, but you could probably get away with $50-60 a head and be satisfied.  P.S.  Make reservations, especially for large groups in advance!
4	Very Solid Sushi place. While they do not have an extensive roll menu what they have they do very well. Try the lobster roll with yellow curry it is one of the stronger rolls. Social House can be rather pricey so be prepared. They also have a huge selection of Sake and the service when we went was very nice.
4	Social House not only met my expectations, but surpassed them. I love sushi, not only was the food delicious, but the atmosphere was perfect. This is really one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas, and I make a point of coming here everytime, not only because of the food and atmosphere, but because it is one of the more reasonable "fine dining" establishments in Vegas.The SceneWhile I am not a fan of Treasure Island, I must admit, I do love the Pirate show, which can be seen from the balcony of Social House. As you walk in and up the stairs, you are surrounded by gold lockboxes, glass stairs, and lights in bird cages. Not only does it feel swanky, but a dj spins everynight, and the maze of rooms allow for private intimate seating. This is the kind of restaurant which I give up all control and allow the waiter/waitress to bring whatever they recommend. The service here is amazing, the waitresses are gorgeous, and knowledgeable.The Foodsushiwise, I always order some staples, (unagi,sake, tuna roll,spider roll...etc, all were excellent)MUST HAVES: Citrus Miso Cod, Kobe Beef Gyoza, Chili Lemongrass Bass....anything your server recommends. The Drinkswatermelon saki.....need I say more? It's amazingThe entire saki list was outstanding, yes, I can say this because I probably have tried them all by now...I am fond of their unfiltered selection
5	Unfriggin believable. I will start off by saying my opinion is biased because of the amazing table we got. K-Fed who has given this world nothing, actually cancelled right before we got there and we were given his VIP table. The room we sat in overlooked the Treasure Island Pirate show and had its own private balcony and bathroom. If K-Fed deserves this type of lifestyle why don't we I wondered?The food was amazing. The sushi was very good, I had a chicken with sundried tomatoes in it, very different, but very good. The Kobe burgers with flavored ketchup and mustard were also a big hit with everyone at the table. For dessert we basically tried one of everything even the lunch bag of donuts which were delicious. The drink menu also has some interesting and fun choices that were all tasty.  Overall a top of the line dining experience. If you are staying at TI and make a reservation ask for the room that overlooks the pirate show. If they say no, just tell them you know K-Fed.
5	Had a great experience at Social House with the gf and another couple who go there religiously.  We let them do the ordering since they're regulars.  The ambiance was great and we were seated on the patio overlooking the Pirate Show.We had:Yellowtail Sashimi w JalapenoTuna TatakiKobe Beef BurgersCrab Fried RiceSoftshell Crab RollWasabi Tobiko - Fish Roe marinated in WasabiEverything we had was GREAT.   I couldn't have asked for a better meal.  Try everything above and you will not be disappointed, however watch out for the Wasabi Tobiko - only for spicy wasabi lovers!!
5	very good .. loved the presentation the ambiance and the food.. I would highly recommend the Lychee martini
5	At this eclectic modern industrial themed sushi lounge, be prepared to spend a lot of cash. Currently the hottest spot to eat sushi on the strip and located in Treasure Island, everyone who's anyone has been spotted here. And the experience lived up to reputation. Both times that I dined here, I have been treated to an amazing spread of culinary fusions. From lobster salad, miso marinated cod, battered popcorn rock shrimp and king crab, yellowtail sashimi with deep fried jalapeno, and ending with a plate of rich desserts, I was completely satisfied. If you don't know what to order, ask the chef to prepare the menu for you. You won't regret it. Reservations in advance are highly recommended.
4	I've been wanting to check this place out.  It's got what you're looking for when you want to get a sushi fix in vegas.  Trust me on this one.  Decent quality, unique atmosphere, good service ( thanks Frank and Matt ), and a bonus outdoor dining area that directly overlooks the strip.  It's hip, chic, and elegant at the same time.  Whatever they were going for, it works.  I didn't have much time before we had to head to Pam Anderson's party at LAX so we decided to forgo the unique structuring of cold, hot, and sushi courses that they recommended - which was very innovative by the way.  Instead we chopped through kobe tataki rolls (explosive ), mixed sashimi, and curry lobster rolls.  Pairing it with a bottle of the german riesling didn't turn out too bad either.   I'll probably be back here again.
3	I wanted to come here for a few reasons, I love Sushi but also because I really wanted to see the pirate show that was in front of it.  So we sat down to eat and asked the server to let us know when the show started.  The food was OK, I've had better in SF but to be honest the Adobo chicken was not very good, it was pretty much flavorless with a kinda burned taste added.  My mom did not even like it and so poor thing could not eat anything since she does not like Sushi.  So the food was OK, but not worth the price.The SHOW, OH MY GOSH THE SHOW.  I'm a total Disney freak, so I'm expecting action fun!  But what did I get you may ask??Well what you get is a girls ship and a boys ship or may I say some Scantly Clad women in skanky costumes and hot men with their shits off.  Wow this was ridiculous, I cant believe people take their children to it!  I mean really they are dancing and slapping their thighs and grinding and ewww... I don't want to tell anymore, images are re appearing in my head and it is not fun.So see the show if you are a drunk and horny male otherwise there are much better things to do.
3	Mixed bag from my point of view. We sat near the sushi bar and didn't get to see the rest of the scene till went to the ladies room, so we missed all the atmosphere we didn't realize we were waiting for.Service was decent.The hamachi sashimi with jalapeno - delicious!!! 5 stars - but ummm $20? I guess I should expect that since it's Vegas and all, but then be a little more generous with the portions then - K? 6 slices of see-through thin hamachi with a sliver of jalepeno on top? The whitefish appetizer was equally delicious and skimpy.Put it this way - we spent $$$ and still left hungry, but what we did eat was damn good.
3	I love sushi, and love a good restaurant with cool ambiance. Social House had that, but...I don't think I'd go back. I was with a group of girls and we sat outside (very cool). BUT, there were misters all around the walls, and even though it was warm out it was WAY too much. Sort of wet and hard to see, even the waiter said he wanted to turn them off but couldn't. (was this a line?) The sushi was good, but I've had good sushi in other places, too. Not inexpensive but what is in Vegas? Oh, and the portions were much smaller than the average sushi bar. The scallop nigiri was good, the rolls were okay. Maybe if they had turned the misters off earlier in the evening we would have relaxed and enjoyed dinner more...
4	Came at 12:40am on a Monday night and it was thoroughly closed...  having been done with business at 12am.  But the decor was beautiful and they pointed us onto the second leg of our tour of _five_ late night Vegas sushi places.
4	3 words: Mini Kobe Burgers!!! This place is a little pricey, but those yummy pieces of goodness won me over. Minus one star because we were originally going to be seated outside and have a good view of the recurring TI show, but the seats were wet. Blah. Oh well, I still enjoyed our mini kobe burgers!! MMM.
5	Oh man did Social House deliver!!This was the perfect place to eat with my 2 friends before hitting the town on a Saturday night.  We loved everything that we ordered, but the 2 stand outs were the yellowtail sashimi w/ tempura jalapenos on top and our chilled watermelon saki drinks.  I'm really not a huge fan of saki, but theirs tasted like fresh squeezed watermelon juice.. of which I AM a fan.  I also liked that they serve it chilled because warm saki kinda grosses me out.  This was also the 1st time I have ever tried yellowtail sashimi, as I usually stick to ahi tuna and salmon sashimi... but Social House has now broken my old sashimi ordering routine for good.  The other items we enjoyed were the miso cod, crab & shrimp fried rice, and lychee beigents.Yes, the food is a bit pricey, but Social House is still 5 stars in my book cuz of the awesome staff who totally HOOKED US UP for the night w/ VIP services at the new Christian Audigier Nightclub below, as well as LAX and PURE.  So really, the price we paid for dinner was totally worth it!  And who doesn't love skipping long lines, no cover, and free drinks?  Go and have a ball... we definitely did!  Oh, and I'd also recommend sitting on the patio for a great view.Thanks Social House!  I'll be back for more!!
4	"Scenester" sushi bars are generally all about the glitz and less about the fish.  One would expect this to be even moreso in Las Vegas.  One would be incorrect.Reservations for the patio overlooking the pirate show were easy on a Thursday night and the crowd was a mixed bag of older rich guys with their wives and younger hipsters wearing True Religion.  Like everywhere else in Vegas, however, it isn't as much about how you look as how you spend.  Seating was prompt and the servers were quick......too quick, IMO, to suggest the most expensive menu items when my buddy asked for recs.  Admittedly, though, he was knowledgable of the menu and knew how to guide my non-sushi-loving friend to some safe choices.Throughout the course of the meal we selected and sampled the Tempura shrimp with cold udon and sweet sauce, Unagi Avocado Rolls, Kobe Tartare Roll, Jalapeno Hamachi Tartare, Cracklin Scallops with grilled eggplant, Chocolate Lava Cake, and Mochi.  Each dish was delicious and my friend raved the Kobe roll so much I actually ate beef for the first time in 7 years (what happens in Vegas, I guess.)  Particular standouts were the flawless Scallops and the Cherry Blossom Mochi.After the pirate show (from an AWESOME angle directly behind and w/o the crowd) we made our way out to the bar area, and although not particularly my 'scene' had a great time.  The waitress was friendly (not to mention gorgeous,) the drinks were pricey but tasty, especially the espresso Martini, and the crowd was fun.All told, for a "scenester" sushi club, the place is nice and the fish is much fresher than most places of the like.  If you're looking for a place with a good view of the strip, some dinner time entertainment, a happening scene afterwards, and decent prices (expected Vegas Markup) for the food quality I'd say Social House might fit the bill.
3	The Ambience here is good- techno in the backround (not too loud) and yummy Watermelon Sake make the night good.  However, the Sushi here is not up to par with what i've had (i.e. Sushi on the Rock in La Jolla, Nozomi and Mr. Sushi and Harney's in San Diego, Sen Dai in Milpitas to name a few).  I had the Spicy tuna- the flavor was not as fresh as i would have hoped, and it wasn't spicy enough.  I also had the Adobo chicken roll- the sauce was good, but the chicken was dry.  The service here is ok- the waitress was nice, but the bussers were awesome.  the sub waiter was very rude to us, saying that we ordered more drinks that we actually did.  It would have been ok, if he didin't have such an attitude about it.
3	This is the only sushi place I've tried so far in Vegas, but I liked it enough.  I only had a couple of basics: the spicy tuna roll (cut) and salmon sashimi.    The sushi was quite fresh, but didn't quite hold a light to the sushi I'm used to back in LA.  The desserts were pretty good as well.  I had the apple crisp with ice cream and the warm, gooey chocolate cake (yes, I like to make dessert my main entree).  Service was a bit lacking, particularly in comparison to other Vegas restaurants.  Also, the crowd was really rowdy, but it may have to do with the plethora of drunk guys who seemed to be in Vegas for bachelor parties.  What a shame...the classy ambience of the place made for a great lounge to have great conversation with friends.  I'd definitely give it another chance, though, but maybe on a weeknight instead of Saturday night.
4	Food tastes so much better when its free!I ordered the curry lobster roll and the bone-in filet mignon with three dipping sauces. Being somewhat of a grilled meat snob, I must say that the filet was probably the best filet I've had...ever. It comes pre-sliced, and the meat pretty much melts in your mouth and is extremely tender and juicy. We went on a Thursday night around 7pm and it wasn't terribly busy at that point. I'd highly recommend both the restaurant and their filet.
4	I had the prix fixe dinner here before the Mystere show.  Everything was fantastic!  And I am spoiled by all of the top notch sushi joints in the bay area.  This place could easily rival the best sushi anywhere.From start to finish, everything was top quality.  Especially the cod.  I wouldn't have ordered cod if it wasn't a choice on the prix fixe menu, but I'm glad I tried it.  My mouth is still watering as I think about how tender and tasty it was.Try the sparkling sake; you won't be disappointed if you like bubbles.  If you aren't a fan of the sparkling variety, there is an extensive list to choose something to your liking.So, why not 5 stars, Keeks?  Well, it's at TI, which means that you have to put up with that lame-ass Siren's cheesy hoochie fest with pirates while you eat.  If you can get a table away from the Pirates of the Caribbean meets raunchy Showgirls, then go for it.  Unless you are into that sort of thing.
3	The food was OK. I was expecting better from all the reviews I had read before visiting Vegas. Since we were going to see Mystere, we decided to give it a try. I ordered the suggestions of one reviewer: Yellowtail Sashimi w Jalapeno - VERY TASTY I would definitely recommend. Kobe Beef Burgers - NOT WORTH it came to $24 for (3) mini-White Castle like burgers. The beef wasn't all that great.Crab Fried Rice - mediocreSoftshell Crab Roll - mediocre. Big rolls and didn't care for the rice. I had better even at a take out sushi place. We also ordered the Toro Tartare. It was too sweet for my taste b/c they mixed it in a spicy plum sauce. The plate was super small at $32. Overall, I might have enjoyed the meal a bit more if we ordered some items to our tasting. If one of my gf's wasn't pregnant, we might have ordered more sushi/sashimi dishes instead of the cooked dishes which were pretty mediocre.
4	The whole time I was trying to describe the decor: Hong Kong Red Light? Chinese Underground? Neon Noodle Street Noir? Anyway it was really interesting how they lit stacks of Asian newspapers. But no one really goes to restaurants for the decor - the food was okay.The kobe beef sliders were reminiscent of typical diner fare, of course with a Las Vegas twist. We only stopped in for a bite, so I wish I could have sampled more sushi and sake. Desserts looked grand, from what I saw on the table of the couple next to us, which brings me to another negative point: the table spacing lacked elbow room. I felt like I was all up in the business of the couple next to us. Maybe it wouldn't have been so bad at a busier time of day, so I leave it open at 4 stars.
5	Many others wrote about decor but I barely notice the trendy sitting area or outdoor seating looking over the treasure island show as I head purposely for the bar stools to order the all time BEST Kobe beef sliders-mini burgers of all time! These are a las vegas must have while i am in town, they are a melt in your mouth, not cheap, perfect sized treat before heading out to a club or other drunken adventure.Another dish I have added to my must have list at Social house is the yellowtail sashimi w/ tempura jalapenos. These are right up with the sliders now, who knew jalapenos and thinly sliced yellowtail could taste THIS GOOD!!
3	I came here for dinner last Saturday and I thought the food was a little overrated.  (Yeah, maybe I am kind of a food snob.)  The mini burgers, fried rice, noodles and sushi were all right.  They weren't to die for.  The only thing I really loved was the yellowtail sashimi.  It totally melted in my mouth!  But the portion was so tiny!  I don't think I've ever seen sashimi sliced so thin!  Other than that, I don't have anything really bad or good to say about this place.  This would not be in my top choices for a nice dinner in Vegas.
3	Ok, my girl took me here three days ago because she wants to see the SIREN pirate show.  For me, it was oh no, I seen this show twice and I hate it.  Well,  this time you are on the second floor and if you are sitting on the outside beside the window, you will see part of the show.  Our server informs us that the food is served family style.  We ended up order the eel sushi roll, Seaweed salad, and chicken something (not sure of the name).  The eel sushi roll was pretty bad as the eel meat was mushy - yuck.  Even the eel they served on a recent  flight on Japan AIrlines (economy) was 10 times better. The seaweed salad I enjoyed, actually I ate most of this cause it was soooo good.  The chicken really good for her but for me,  it was like any other chicken dish served at Spaghetti factory.  Service was good during our time there.  The names given for the sake were pretentious as I ordered Voices of the Mist. Mist - I hope they didn't add water to my sake cause it was not strong enough for me.  Overall not bad, but if you want to see the SIren show but do not want to wait in the crowd, then this place is your best bet.
5	This was my second trip to the social house and the sushi is still some of the best I've had. Great presentation and great quality but the prices are definitely up there. I guess you have to expect that for a nice sushi place in one of the strip casinos. If you are looking for good sushi at a decent price stay off the strip. There are some really good spots off the strip but if you're looking to impress some out of town friends then Social House is definitely a good call.
5	Whenever my boyfriend and I go to Las Vegas, this is one place we always go to.  The service that we have had is always really good.  Waitors are attentive and we get our drinks and food in a timely fashion. The best seating is outside on the patio.  You can see the Pirates show too.  I've sat inside and that's not too bad, but it's always nice to be outdoors.  Foodwise, I've tried: (they have since changed their menu, but this is what it was called...)Yellowtail Jalapeno (best thing EVER!  even my non-sushi eating boyfriend loves it)Tuna Ginger (it's something that is not on the menu, but if you like the Yellowtail Jalapeno, this is similar to it)Shrimp SkewerChicken Curry SkewerSpicy Tuna RollArtic Charr, Truffle Soy Mirin Reduction (super crispy skin, really good)For dessert, the lychee beignets and drunken blueberry.  Both really good.  Yes the portions are not super huge, but it filled my boyfriend and I enough that we were content and satisfied and not overflowing with food.  My boyfriend also got a blueberry sake which was good as well.  Sweet and totally delightful to drink.  Now that they have changed their menu, I don't know if everything is the same, but the sushi definitely melted in your mouth and had that coldness that sashimi should definitely have.
5	When I come to Vegas I always come here its so good... I love the look of the place its very trendy and sexy and has a good vibe.. The wait staff knows what they are doing and can always recommend things..  The food is very good and fresh and they have a huge Saki Menu...  I recommend ordering a  bunch of little things and sharing that's what we usually do..
3	The sushi was ok, but wasn't anything special.  The service was awesome.  The biggest draw was the pirate show that went on right next to the patio (we were seated outside).  I don't have anything bad to say, but I didn't think Social House was anything that great.
4	Came here for my birthday with a party of 5.First Impression:  What is with the safe deposit boxes?  Other than that, this place is amazingly designed and rather maze-like.  It's nice to get lost somewhere other than between slot machines and chain smokers.We sat on the patio in the evening.  It was nice, end of summer night. Unfortunately the Sirens show was cancelled due to high winds (although I'd seen it before and it would definitely ruin the mojo of the restaurant).I LOVE family style.  Lets me try a whole bunch of new things and not having to eat huge quantities of anything.  Although I'm sure it wasn't so fun for one of my buddies who is a more tentative eater.The cocktails were decent -- I got the green tea one.  Never had anything like it.  Had a second one.  It was good, but not mind-blowing.The food, however, was right up my alley.Scallops are a weakness of mine.  These were AMAZING.  We also got the jidori chicken breast (very tender), lobster curry salad (light and perfectly done), house salad (decent), sesame noodles, yellowtail sashimi, and some rolls.  If there was a weak point in the meal, it was probably the sushi.  The fish wasn't of mind-blowing quality, and the rolls we got weren't terribly imaginative (spicy tuna with twist, etc).  That said, it was still very good.This is the kind of place that is perfect for a group.  I think you would definitely miss the dynamic if you come with just 2.  But that should be pretty obvious.  Check the name.
5	Here is the thing here. There are a ton of places to go in Vegas, and most of them are cool, and a lot of them are sexy. But this place is cool, sexy, and has great food. try to sit outside, you won't be disappointed.
5	Best sushi, ever.
3	Social House is Asian fusion and when my Asian parents hear the word fusion, they make a little grimace face. They're old school. They don't do fusion. But we found out they had Ishiyaki on their menu, so that got my dad excited. Ishiyaki is a style of cooking where you cook meats, fish, veggies, etc. on hot stones. However, when the stone came out, it wasn't a stone, it was a ceramic-looking grill plate. So my dad asks suspiciously, "Is that a stone?" And the pretty boy waiter smiles and says "yes," but in the way of "yes, I don't really know anything so please don't ask me any more questions." It doesn't look like a stone, so my dad keeps asking. My mom and I wrangle my dad in so we can start eating (we're also there with other people and don't want to make a stink) and tell him "it's ok, it's a stone"...as we all look at the grill plate. I later found out on the internet that most ishiyaki nowadays is not done with natural stone but with a man-made stone composed of minerals that can keep the stone hot for a lengthy amount of time. Some of the stones actually look like real stones, but others look like the grill plate we saw. It would have been nice if the waiter could have explained that to us instead of just smiling and looking like he was lying to us (for all he knew, he was).Food:We ordered a couple of meat & veggies and seafood & veggies plates to cook on the "ishiyaki", as well as miso soup and rice. Everyone thought the miso soup was pretty good. The rice, according to my mom the rice connoisseur, was not. Of the three dips that came with the Ishiyaki dishes we thought only the miso-based one was ok. The kobe beef that came out was good as were the other grilling foods. Since we did our own cooking, I can't say how the rest of the other menu items are.We ordered the mochi ice cream for dessert. One order came with 3 unique flavors. I forget what they are but the lychii was the best one.Service:Service was slow, slightly snotty and only partially attentive. We asked for extra chopsticks after the grill items arrived to use them for cooking (it's a sanitary thing) but our waitstaff forgot about it (and were nowhere to be found) until we were almost done with dinner so everyone one just flipped their chopsticks back and forth for cooking vs. eating. Another thing is that they brought our dessert out as the Treasure Island show was starting. They encouraged us to get up and get closer to watch it, but our desserts were left on the table melting the whole time. It would have been nice if they took it back to the freezer while we were watching the show but they didn't.Verdict:While I think the people we were with might come back, I'm pretty sure my parents (fusion-haters) would not come back, especially since it wasn't the authentic ishiyaki they were imagining. As for me, I doubt I'd come back either. It's a little too hipsterish a place and I didn't like the vibe or the service enough to return. There's so many restaurants in Las Vegas, I would be more interested in trying a different one instead.
4	Again, we ate the bar, mostly to get a feel for the place and not get stuck sitting at a table.  The bartender gave us some great tips, including getting their Mini Kobe Burgers.They were the best tasting burgers I've ever had.  I suppose I could have ended the review right there, but I'll keep going.  They came with onion rings that were light and crispy - really good too.We had a bunch of different rolls.  Aside from tasting fresh, they weren't too exciting.But those burgers.  Wow.
4	Old reliable in Treasure Island. Always good, always a hip place to be seen.  Not sure if we were the only ones who got the "don't go to Vegas because of the flegling financial climate and definitely go out to eat" memo. The place was empty.We thought service would therefore be more attentive. Unfortunately we were wrong. I definitely could have done without the haughty and rarely-present server, but oh well.The decor is hip and trendy - definitely a good choice for a date or pre-party noshing. I've never understood those safety deposit boxes though...they don't exactly blend well with bird cages.The Kobe Sliders are always on the menu for me. Delicous. The beef melts in your mouth between the Hawaiian sweet rolls - can't beat it. I highly recommend it to anyone even if you're out for sushi only - the Kobe burgers will extend the time before your next meal by an hour or two.Sushi order of the evening was pretty standard: Spicy Tuna, Lobster Rolls and Spicy Scallop. All tasty and super fresh.If you want a trendy, solid restaurant, come here. I doubt you'll be disappointed.
2	After eating at many Japanese restaurants In Southern California, I decided since I was going to Vegas, why not try one of the Japanese restaurants on the strip. So I landed at Social House inside Treasure Island.  The look of the place was unique.  When you check in, they escort you to the second level and while walking up there, the walls resembled safety deposit boxes, which I thought was artistic.  The service there was great.  The servers there were friendly and courteous, but when they made recommendations, I slightly started to laugh (quietly).  They started to praise certain dishes that are unique, but in reality anybody can whip it up at home.  Now the food.  It was good, but like I said it was not unique, nor was it fresh.  I have eaten at Kitayama in Costa Mesa, Matsuhisa in Beverly Hills, and you can taste the freshness.  My buddy kept on praising the fish here, saying it is as fresh as it can get.  I took a bite into the uni, sake(salmon), and sashimi dishes.  They were good, but not fresh.  For being high profiled Japanese restaurant, it seems like they concentrated more on the artistic looks of the food than the taste.In my opinion, there will never be a great Japanese restaurant in Vegas.  In order for that to happen, California has to sink into the Pacific and then Vegas will have immediate access to the ocean to get fresh seafood.  Even though seafood comes in fresh on a daily basis by air or truck, the quality does go down from being refrigerated for a long period of time.  All in all, the design of the restaurant is interesting, the servers are polite and courteous, but I would recommend another restaurant if you are picky on taste like I am.
4	D-E-L-I-C-I-O-U-S! We headed there our 1st night in town for a nice dinner, and that's exactly what we got!We ordered a bunch of different rolls that our waiter recommended, and his reco's were freakin' awesome! We went to 3 sushi restaurants during or trip to Vegas, and this one was the winner! The drinks are outstanding as well. I finally found someplace that I can get a mojito the can rivals some of Miami's best!!! Oh and their Dirty Martini's almost made me a believer! Make sure to sit outside too, it faces the strip and you can watch the T.I. show every 15 minutes. Social House for the win!
1	Saw very good reviews on Yelp so decided to go there for one of my bachelorette pre-party dinners.  The interior design was excellent and very nice setting for fine dining, but I was really disappointed at their food quality and table service.  We ordered all of the specialty rolls and none of them are close to my lowest standard for sushi.  I can get better quality at any of the sushi take-out places in SF.   Besides their bad taste in food, I felt very stupid that they had to sit us next to another rowdy bahcelorette party.  Those girls were annoying AS HELL!!!! I am not saying that we weren't loud but why put us together when there were plenty of room?? They should have thought about that and put us somewhere else at the first place.  I made the request to sit somewhere else and they put us in a private booth, which was cool.   This place is such a rip-off and totally overrated! Do not recommend coming here.
3	my friends are always talking me into going here.It's a very sexy room, with well selected music and a very nice atmosphere.Service has always been average, but I have never expected anything different from places like this.  I was a little put off one time by the fact that they told me that they could not separate my check off from a party of 20 people that we had there because we had to catch a show.  after a bit of a fuss, and an assertion that I knew thew "could" do it with their computer system, they finally budged.   The food is good, and actually not too over priced, which is surprising.Sit outside if you wish, but be prepared to have the Pirate Show steal a piece of your soul every hour.
5	+1 great looking place+1 food is very good- interesting rolls +1 great for parties+1 went there more than once , after trying this place in Las Vegas- the only place I ate!!!+1 waiter was attentive- filling water, asking how the meal was, etc
2	Eh bruddah, da kine of sushi you served me sucked. It wasn't fresh. This is probably the first time I've complained about "freshness" from a sushi restaurant because the places I go to, the Japanese sushi chef would never serve anything not fresh (well, not raw... cooked up, it becomes an employee meal)!, but da nihonjin Hawaiian sushi chef that we sat in front of just let that slide. This is probably one of the worst places I've been to.Also don't expect any chef specials because of the clientele of the patrons who frequent this place (haole's, first timers, "rolls/california roll" type of diners), they don't have anything out of the ordinary or even typical items of a real Japanese restaurant. Instead its the bare basics.The interior was really nice, but it's probably the only thing it has going for itself because the service sucked too. We went the week after Halloween so the place was bascially empty, yet they couldn't even mange three people for the sushi bar..... luckily the bartender took charge and made sure we were seated.
4	I think I've been here a good 3 or 4 times - mostly on poker comps and mostly already with a good buzz going as I'm entering the place so take this with a grain of salt. (When you've got the munchies after hitting the bottle, even a bag of cheetos is gonna seem like a 3 course meal).Try to get a seat on the outside balcony overlooking the strip. That way you can enjoy the food and the pirate show. The crowds that gather for it are ridiculous but if you're in the restaurant you're gonna have a great view.The food itself is obviously overpriced and seems a little rich which is probably why it tastes great. I don't remember seeing anything extraordinary on the menu but everything I've ever tried here, from the rolls, to kobe sliders to the chocolate balls in a bag (dessert) were all at least pretty good. Some were great.The service has been kind of spotty. We've been sat down before and then asked to change tables, been forgotten by our waiters occasionally, etc.With all that in mind its still a fun place with a sexy atmosphere. I would come back here time and time again.
1	I will start off by saying that I have been to social house more than once and my first visit was excellent and couldn't wait to bring everyone i knew... that was 3 years ago. My second trip was medium to great and my last experience this past Saturday was absolutely horrible. The front desk reservation person was completely off the wall and gave the puppy eyes as if that was going to make the 45 minute late seating after our reservation worth it. Furthermore, she said it would be 5 min, not 45.  the bartender tried to remedy the situation by feeding me alcohol. ONTO THE FOODThe waiter was a super nice guy, understands the business and knows how to deal with people and the feed, sit in Nate's section if you can, he gets it. The manager came by, I tried to explain my disappointment with the host, and he gave me the I'm on top of it, but i could give two bits of crap. The fake smile and talking about how great his restaurant was and how great rolls were .... if you are proud of something and want people to try it... bring them a sample.   cucumber salad was excellent, sushi was medium to okay... kobi salad was great....  curry lobster roll ... that roll keeps them in business in addition to the explosions by treasure island. Michael, the sake sommelier, was very smart and knew his sake... talk to him if you want sake . hamachi with the tempura jalapenos...seemed like a knockoff from nobu ..nonetheless it was tasty.. i ordered a half lobster, it came out TWO TIMES UNDERCOOKED....    so no more social house for me... the manager did nothing to want to keep me there... i feel bad because nate and michael the waiter and sommelier knew their stuff....  impression from management..... we are social house... wait for our half bad food.... reservations are a joke... and we can get leftover tourists who want sushisad .. first time i was dreaming of eating there... its felt like it was a completely different restaurant
5	This is probably the first dining experience I have throughly enjoyed.  Everything from the food, to the service, and most of all the ambiance of the establishment.  I think the best way to eat+drink is to go to the bar.  Didn't have reservations, so me+and 2 of wifey's fam just requested bar seating.  We went up this elevator and all of a sudden we were in a part of the hotel that i didn't know existed.. I was already sold.. Sitting by the bar has its advantaged because the bartender is basically ur server and ur personal bartender..I guess it would be suffice to say that the bartender was smoking hot, and super nice.. And she was real attentive even though she was swamped wid all the drink orders of the restaurant..Please don't get me started about the bathrooms.. Dope.. Even got to spray myself with CK and stink up the bar..All in all.. the filipino inspired japansese food menu, coupled with the great sake+drinks, and service, along with the sexy decor, made this a great experience.. Not your typical Vegas food experience... Check it out..
4	At first I was hesitant for a number of reasons:1) I don't do too well with trendy restaurants as I feel sometimes you pay more because guys in Affliction shirts frequent the place2) The last time I went to an "Asian Fusion" restaurant in Vegas I was served a slice of tofu and 3 mushrooms with no flavor. 3) Service in high concept restaurants either are non-attentive or over-bearingTo my delight this place crushed all my fears. Aside from the fact that the hostess sat a walk-in before us (although we had reservations) and made us wait although the restaurant was not even full, I was very happy with Social House. Our server was very friendly and accommodating-I would describe him as sweet-and the food was AMAZING. I was told portions were more tapas style, but the portions are wwaaayyy bigger than tapas style. Here's what I had:Citrus Peel Miso Cod: A good 8 ounce portion with awesome flavor and almost marshmallow like in texture. I wish I wasn't so full byt he time this came because I REALLY wanted to finish it.Kobe Tataki Sushi roll: MMmmm...this one made me drool. A Shitake Mushroom roll topped with Med rare slices of Kobe beef. The beef was super tender and the sauce brought out so many flavors.Cold Noodles with a creamy sesame sauce and tempura shrimp. This was hubby's favorite thing ever! Somehow I'm supposed to find out how this is made...Hubby also had an assortment of nigiri and the Lobster Curry roll which looked good, but I didn't taste. He said it was fabu!Carrot Cardamon Cake. holy shit. can I eat this for every meal the entire time in Vegas? Because I would like to.This place is awesome. It definitely redeemed my thoughts of Vegas casino restaurants tackling Asian Fusion but making it good.
4	Really liked this restaurant, would definitely go again.  We asked our server if there was some sort of tasting menu available since everything looked so good.  For $80 per person we ate REALLY well.  My faves: Ahi in sweet ginger sauce (it wasn't on their menu yet, but it was delicious!), Yellowtail with crispy jalepeno and kobe beef sliders.
4	Went here for dinner, and I must say I was quite impressed.First of all they were having a 2 for 1 deal on a few drinks, and the Ginger Saketini was AMAZING.  I didn't taste the alcohol and they used real ginger (although annoying to find pieces of ginger float into your mouth while drinking, it added that special punch to the drink).  I had two of those and was feeling pretty buzzed quickly. We sat outside on the terrace, and from where we sat you can watch the Sirens of Treasure Island show.  All I can say is after enduring one of those shows, you dont want to stick around for the one in the next hour to witness that again.Onto the food.  I ordered the Tocino BBQ babyback ribs.  When it arrived, I hate to admit, but I was disappointed there was no rice, so I ordered that on the side.  Totally filipino I know.  I was skeptical looking at my ribs because I had a feeling the meat would be stuck to the bone and I'd have to use my hands to eat it.  So i picked at it a little with my fork gauging if it was going to be tough to get it off the bone.  I was definitely wrong.  The meat peeled away with such ease, and when eating it, oh man, it just melts in your mouth!  It was soo good!  There were chunks of something around the ribs, and I wasn't sure what it was.  It looked like mango, but it wasn't.  Turned out they were pickled beets.  Not really my thing, but my friends definitely enjoyed it.  I also had some of my friends Cod, and that also melted in my mouth, so so good.  OH and the seaweed salad.  That's really stuff that's generally good, but for some reason at Social House it tasted like the best seaweed salad I had ever encountered!  Very good!Next time I'm in Vegas I think I'll convince my family to dine here once. :)  It's definitely worth a trip back.
5	I've been here 5 times now over the last 2 years, and even my ex-boss who's a total Nobu snob genuinely enjoyed himself when he joined us for dinner. The atmosphere is posh, lighting and decor is very interesting, clientele are varied and the volume can get loud especially as the night progresses. For me, this is just part of the ambiance and--maybe it's just me--but isn't this restaurant called  "SOCIAL" house? If you don't appreciate an atmosphere of socializing, perhaps you're better off elsewhere. ;)When I'm in Vegas for work and want to entertain clients, this is where I take them, and we have never been disappointed. I don't recommend groups larger than 10, though. Nor do I recommend it for a romantic proposal dinner.This place is relatively expensive, so you're either aware of that and have a corporate account or, if you insist on dining here and cost is an issue, you need to "order smart." In my experience, if you order a scallop dish in pretty much any decent restaurant in the country, you're going to get 4/5 medium to large scallops. Yes, it sounds skimpy, but this phenomenon isn't exclusive to Social House. As a general rule, my advice is to stay away from scallops, lobster, traditional steak, and anything resembling a California roll. Besides, there are usually much better items on a restaurant menu so don't be afraid to step outside of your comfort zone, especially at Social House. If you pay an extraordinary price, don't order ordinary food and expect to be dazzled.I will rank our group favorites, starting with the absolute top choices:Yellowtail (hamachi) with jalapenos... this dish alone has converted many clients who claimed to dislike raw fish. Simple but absolutely heavenly. Order it, and don't shy away from the little sliver of jalapeno. It isn't that hot, even for a mild palate.Miso cod... trust me on this one, this is superb. It is a cooked dish, and both the texture and flavor are truly out of this world. Many people hesitate in trying, and yet they all come back for seconds.Kobe sliders... yup, they are expensive. They are Kobe, after all. And they are really, really tasty.Seared tuna with ginger... also a very good choice. A classic but it is well done here.Tocino short ribs... not your traditional ribs. The meat comes right off the bones, and the sauce is divine. Sushi/sashimi in general is good, rolls are pretty standard. We always order this stuff last because the items above are so spectacular. Usually we end up wishing we hadn't ordered any rolls at all because we got our fill on everything else and a sushi roll just seems anti-climactic to our now-pleasantly flabbergasted palates.Warm chocolate cake... probably the best dessert available. We have not been fans of the Blueberry cake and the Lychee beignets were just OK. The mochi are pretty standard, but if you like mochi, go for it.As for beverages... they have a few different mojitos that tend to go over very well. Sometimes a little too well. Fresh blueberry and pineapple are among the exotic mojito flavors available (they use real fruit). The cold floral sake was also a hit with most people, although you may wish to consult your waiter about the sake options as there are quite a few available.Happy socializing!
4	Came here for the second time 2 weeks ago, but with a bunch of friends. It was nice I was able to share this place with good friends, but there were some misses this time around: - We were seated at the outside patio. And while the weather was nice and the view of the Palazzo & Wynn/Encore towering over you left you in awe, the stupid 'Sirens of TI' pirate show will happen every hour and a half. And this is the revised pirate show with the slutty pirate ladies and unecessary dancing on the ship. Don't forget about the explosions and fireworks. I can't believe how many people still stop to watch this.The show lasts about 20 minutes. It's really loud so conversation with your party will cease and everybody will be focused on the show. It's a good thing food for 9 people came out quick so we avoided the encore.- Don't get the Sapporo fish and chips. You can find that at the hotel food court. And while the chips are like those Asian shrimp chips you fry up, I wanted fries haha. Should've got the Kobe beef sliders. Make sure you confirm where you'll be seated at especially for large parties.
4	Social House is a great trendy place to go for a group i.e. 2-8 people... The food is good, but not fantastic. I've been here twice - once just because and the other to celebrate a girlfriend's birthday.  The wait staff is amazingly attentive as well as phenomenally sincere. We couldn't decide on dessert and just opted for the sampler platter (mini size everything! - $60  for the Large platter) the waiter wrote "Happy Birthday" on the platter which was very nice. The beignets were not apart of the platter sadly, but the waiter brought us some on the house since it was my friend's birthday.
4	We've been meaning to eat at this restaurant, always pass it by on the strip, but never had the chance to enjoy some sushi. Since this time around, we were staying at TI, it was easier for us not to "pass up" Social House. I set reservations for 11 pm; got in and was seated immediately. We then found out that the restaurant closes around 1230, so we order edamade (thinking that it was free, when they actually charge $5.00 a bowl). We heard the specials, but wanted to see what else they offered. The food turned out to be very surprising; they not only had Japanese sushi, but had other ethnicities such as Filipino and a mix of Asian fusion. We ended up ordering items that we've had at other restaurants and I topped off my sushi order by adding Unagi (eel) and cream cheese roll. All the food was delicious, but the portions were quite small. The waiter reminded us that even though this restaurant is meant for "family style", the portions are quite small. He was no lying, when I received the fried rice, to share with my significant other, I knew that one of us could have finished one of the orders. Overall, the food was good, service was fast and quick, lighting was VERY dim, and I would return if I was craving some Filipino food on the strip.
2	Umm so dissappointed. I think the motto is eat.drink.socialize or something. I came here after a cirque show and it was freakin empty. I after looking at the menu, I can see why. This place is overpriced, overrated and just plain over. My tempura platter cost 3 times as much as any regular good japanese place but it tasted 1/2 as good if that. Why pay 24 bucks when you can get it for 8 somewhere else? Everyone knows I love my food fried and this failed to deliver on all levels, taste, value and variety. This place is just all looks and no substance. Inside its all swanky and posh. It was also incredibly hot and the hostess would not seat us outside on the balcony. I am going to give it two stars for our server and the nice house music playing. My 'sake flight' sake sampler was decent. I usually only take my sake in bomb form with a sapporo beer.
2	why we're here and tips:we came with a lounge- searching mood and wth they gave us tables and chairs. lesson learned? read and investigate on good places first--- waaaaaah more yelp time.i wouldve surely loved the seating outside --i saw it from the inner hallway and it was perfect for my mood and purpose--heaters, cozy couches and low tables.the inside is good if you wanna dine or date--the newspaper stacks effect was quite impressive, a liitle bit. but this is not my thing-- cant they be more flexible to accomodate all their customer's wishes?no. cozwe asked for an outside seating,  there were ppl right out there and why cant we? i dont understand. mood:anywayz, i was with the right peeps tonight. so i guess that was okay. tonight's buzzed-mode talk was about "satisfaction". it was alright, juz chill--@ the end of the chillaxin i was enjoying every second of it as i was being the audience of two people figuring out how the night could satisfy the  unsatisfiable kid in me. haha, even made it more fun --i sealed my lips juz lookin at them and  hearing all this stuff-- its what im talkin about--chill and connect.wallet-watch:pricey. tonight i got 3 pineapple mojitos--beer was $7, a sushi plate, and some friedlings. sake trio was like $20+....... a total $120 for 2 sushi plates and drinks,inflexible system, and the couch frustration makes it a two-star. definitely not my place.
4	Social House is a must-do!  Great ambiance, great crowd, great food.  Hello?!  The Crispy Jalapeno Yellowtail was so fresh and delicious.  Don't be afraid of the jalapeno, it's not hot and adds a ton of flavor.Cucumber salad was yummy.  I get that everywhere and at SH it is fresh and is coated in the perfect sesame seed glaze.Kobe beef sliders are DELICIOUS.  I'm also a big fan of cilantro and spicy and equally enjoyed the Hamachi specialty roll.Oh, and the Salmon Avocado roll and the Spicy Tuna roll are delicious too.If you're looking for a fun place to grab dinner before hitting the dance floor in LV, SH is a great place!
4	I believe this is supposed to be Paris Hilton's favorite Japanese restaurant, but when I dined here, I only saw Doogie Howser here.  Funny enough, Doogie (Michael or something?) ordered the Kobe beef burgers -- this was just after Harold and Kumar Go to White Castle came out, so I found this to be hilarious.No, I was not trying to peer into his life, he happened to sit very close to me, and like I said, hilarious.Anyways, back to the food.  Very elegant and creative.  The fish is fresh, and the food is tasty.  It is probably my second favorite place in Las Vegas to get sushi.  The drinks are amazing though.  The bartender created a pomegranate martini for me on the fly (a "Pometini" we coined it).
3	The ambiance/decor is really great. It's fun and hip. You can sit on the balcony or step out to the balcony during the Treasure Island pirate ship show and have a great view.BAD: prices are high.BAD: stir-fry shrimp with sambal sauce. Way too salty, had to send it back.BAD: kobe beef sliders were way too salty. came with an untraditional ketchup, mustard, and good onion rings.OK with major potential: Lychee beignets. These arrive in traditional round beignet form but are filled with a substance that tastes like batter with chopped lychees. I guess the chef doesn't know that beignet are supposed to be light and airy. These are more like doughnuts and are too sweet because they're covered in sugar crystals. I loved the lychee taste when I could taste it.OK: the yellowtail sashimi with jalapeno preparation was tasty but the slices were really thin and the fish could have been fresher.GOOD: edamame. served warm with some salt.GOOD: sushi. Hubby is very picky and he enjoyed his nigiri and hand-rolls.GOOD: hubby really liked the steak yakitori in the sauce that has a long name starting with a K.
2	Social House.... I went last month for Dinner on a Saturday night and first of all, the place was dead but we still had to wait about 15 minutes even though we had reservations. The hostess was rude and borderline ridiculous considering that the place was EMPTY!!! We sat outdoors, because the weather was perfect and were able to catch the pirate show.  Im glad we actually saw the pirate show before we ordered our actual food because after about 5 minutes its really annoying and loud.  I couldnt have a conversation with my boyfriend , so all we did was look at each other and smile! The food was ok.... I should have ordered some sashimi, but didnt and opted for some boneless braised tamarind ribs that did not have a tamarind taste... actually it  had no flavor whatsoever. My boyfriend had sashimi, the yellowtail with jalapeno, and he loved it... he also had another dish, but i cant remember right now. All we remember is leaving and not really feeling it.. didnt think the restaurant and the food were all that. If you want some asian/sushi you're better off going to the restaurant at the Encore, that was usually full of asians if that's any indication of how authentic the food is.Overall, I would say this place sucks, and I will definitely not be coming back.
4	One of my favorite places in Vegas. I love the decor, the food, the service & their yummy drinks. This place hits the spot! The downside? the tables are WAY too close together! It makes things weird at times and some of the hostess are bitchy. Maybe their spanx is too tight? Maybe the loads of MAC makeup got in their eye. Whatever the reason is it's so not cute. But forget them and have a drink & a roll! ;)
4	Good:Kobe Beef sliders with Onion rings (Mom ordered this)Adobo Chicken sliders with shoestring fries (Me)Warm Chocolate cake - molten on the inside, anyone familiar with Finale in Boston, this dessert rivals Finale's, who has it perfect.Outdoor seating - Caught the Pirate show, loved the simplistic decor.Decent service once you get past the hostess stand.Almost forgot - try the Japanese white wine.  It's a plum wine and to die for.Bad-ish:So-so hostesses - They weren't very welcoming, and we were seated late for our reservation.  Very annoying.Our waiter forgot to put in our dessert order, so we waited a lot longer than we should have.  On the plus, we got free coffee for his mistake.At first this place looks like the type of restaurant where you would see Lauren Conrad and her posse of MTV cameras and producers.  Once you get past that first impression, it's a really nice place to eat, low key and quiet if you go early evening.  There is way more than just sushi, and the portions are a great size.  (I'm not one who adores individual portions that can feed an entire family.  Maybe the portion size is personal preference.)
3	Food was great. We were a large group and had the waiter order for us. Definitely a very pricey restaurant... $60 for the 6 bowls of rice... WTF... but in my case it was worth it b/c of my friends, the fun wait staff, the delish drinks and the super yummy sushi, sake sashimi, crab, sea bass.... the tantalizing list goes on... however too pricey to get super full on. There is an elevator for the record.Also, great view of the TI pirate show from the patio.
4	They always say great food exists in Las Vegas - and I can say Social House is one of them. My absolutely awesome girlfriends surprised our lovely bachelorette with a great sushi feast. We were there for fun, for drinks and some food to keep us going for the rest of the evening. Our servers were awesome and chose a 5-6 course since we were indecisive. They chose some great dishes. My fave was the cod lettuce wraps - yummy in my tummy!Social House is on the pricier side and I later learned we were charged $60 for 6 bowls of rice. WTF - who charges $60 for rice? However, it was worth the good laughs and raucous we caused as a group ;) I definitely come back - I'm a fan of sushi and Social House is a great place!Cheers!
5	Awesome. Awesome. Awesome.Be prepared to drop some cash, but it will be worth it. Excellent, well-prepared, delicate, well-thought out dishes. We came with a huge party for my friend's bachelorette party and let the waiter order for us. The highlight was the tuna tartare. Crispy jalapenos gave it an excellent spice and texture and the sauce was excellent. The lychee martinis are like candy. Great atmosphere too. During dinner, the Treasure Island pirate performance took place and we watched part of it from the balcony of the restaurant. The servers were great and the waiters tolerant of all the sexual harassment that came their way from our party. ;)
3	The outside patio is nice and overlooks the TI pirate show.  The wait staff were attentive, but forgot to bring the edamame.  Once we ordered our food it came out in about 5 minutes which was extremely rushed.  This may be because the restaurant was completely dead at 730PM on a Sunday evening.  The Sushi was just ok and the Maguro sushi in their house sauce was good but not worth $25 for the thin slivers and not enough sauce.  This would probably be a good place to go with friends, but I don't feel it is worth the money at least for the quality of the food.
2	What the hell? 4 stars? NO WAY. Yelpers have let me down big time. The name would imply a fun place to eat with a large group. Interesting modern decor, nice setting. Other than that though - this was a HUGE disappointment for my bf's birthday dinner. None of the 13 of us were into the food. Overpriced. Bad non-attentive service. Bad sushi. What a joke!!We pretty much ordered the whole menu amongst so many of us. And I don't think anything was good! The Filipino dishes were terrible. Chicken Adobo Sliders were dryyyyyyyyyyy, cheap crappy buns and a waste of calories. The Pancit was tasteless and a complete rip off for a small small plate. Lumpia also not worth writing about...What is this hype I'm reading about? The whole group was wondering how I picked such a bad restaurant. They've come to trust me and my Yelp friends. I was embarassed. Major disappointment.
5	My favorite sushi place in Vegas- and quite possibly my favorite sushi place that I've been to. Went here with a couple of buddies, ordered a ton of rolls and drinks and had a great time. For everyone talking about how ridiculously overpriced it is, I can't say I feel the same way. I thought it was a steal and, like I said, we ordered a ton of food and bevs and everything was outstanding. I'd request to sit outside if I were you. I'm not a fan of beeing locked indoors if people ae outside having a good time. I've recommended Social House to all of my friends who have gone to LV and will continue to do so until I have a reason not to.
5	It's very possible that this was the best sushi ever.  The scallop roll is definitely the light of my life.  The edamame was perfectly steamed and salted and I couldn't get enough.  My vodka & tonic was well mixed and only $8 (a steal for Vegas!!).  Oh, and the Kobe beef sliders...I could eat them forever.  The atmosphere was really cool and the place wasn't too busy when we were there.  Our waitress was really helpful with deciphering the menu, attentive and funny.  And we got a front row seat to the Treasure Island pirate show!  Yar!!!
4	I went there on my birthday because the servers and hostess are cute.Here was our order:Kobe beef: Sun Dried Tomato, Ginger, Green Onion, Garlic Dust, Calimansi Soy  We ordered 5 oz. Cooked perfectly.Mini Kobe Burgers, Sapporo Onion Rings $24 good lil slidersShrimp Tempura, $20 average dont order waste of money to meSnow Crab Dynamite $32 came out freshCrispy Sapporo Fish, Shichimi Shoestrings $18 Not as good as the CodColorado Lamb Chops $30. Probably one of the best in vegas.Prime Black Angus Beef Bone In Rib Eye $56 Taste good fulfilling with an order of sake.Prime Black Angus Beef Filet Mignon $54 I think this the only place I ate a Filet Mignon with chopsticks that tender.Citrus Peel Miso Cod $23 tasted Good. Sushi: 15 pieces various plates. Avg tasteOur bill for 7 was $500 without tip. I ate there twice because I was staying at Treasure Island and it helps when my friends and I all won money playing blackjack.
2	really guys? 4 stars? really? my boyfriend had been here a couple years back and had the omikase and said it was absolutely incredible, so when we decided to go out to vegas with friends, we made reservations for this place. first of all, its a saturday night and they are out of pretty much EVERYTHING. oysters, certain types of sake, toro, you name it--they had to see if they had it. so needless to say, we weren't gonna order omikase with a depleted selection. we ordered every appetizer that our server recommended and they were decent--definitely not the kind of metlt-in-your-mouth and make your knees give out sushi i was expecting, but it was okay. we ordered albacore belly sashimi because it's one of our favorites, and received 2 pieces of seared albacore? huh?? that's like ordering toro and getting maguro. and they still insisted that it was it. laaaaaame. the decor is awesome--walking up the stairs it looks like you're in a bank vault. and the ambience is really relaxed and feels more like a lounge then a restaurant, which is a definite plus. and they have outdoor seating that over looks the strip/pirate ships. its seriously not worth it guys. you're better off walking to a roulette table and putting 200 bucks on black. that way at least there's about a 50% chance you'll walk out of treasure island happy.
1	After seeing all the advertisement for Social House, my friends and I decided to give this place a try. Big mistake.We made reservations for dinner but still had to wait 15 minutes before our server showed us to our table. As we made our way through the restaurant, we saw only two other tables filled throughout the entire restaurant... why the need for a wait when we had reservations? Who knows! The decor was nice although the fake birds in cages was a bit on the creepy side. The service was overkill. We had three servers who waited on us (because there was no one else in the restaurant?!?) and felt like our every move was being watched. Every time I took sips of water from my cup, one of them would come over and fill up my glass immediately. We ordered two appetizers and three rolls, all of which sucked. They tasted worse than the Americanized Japanese deli foods you would find at your local grocery store expect you're paying 30x more! I think the best part of the meal was the white rice and the edamame... oh and of course the sake but only because SOCIAL HOUSE didn't make it. The worse thing was, we couldn't even complain to each other about the food while we were eating at Social House because we were constantly being watched! Oh and if this review doesn't keep you away from this place, make sure you bundle up because it was like a freezer in there.
4	I'm surprised by the negative reviews on here.  I was in town for a yearly conference I attend, and went here with a group of 10 for our friends' anniversary.  We were seated immediately, at a table outside with a perfect view for the silly pirate show.  We all decided we would get the Chef's tasting menu, and it couldn't have been a better choice.  We had an amazing 8 course meal, whose highlight was a trio of oh-toro tapas that were the second best oh toro I've ever had (the best is at Morimoto's in Philly).  I will say that the sushi course was a little boring and tame in comparison, so maybe thats why everyone is hating on the sushi.  The service was great, and I think it's a good thing to be hovered over by your server.  Too many times, I've been to a high priced place and waited for more than 10 minutes to even see my server.  Why would you complain about having 3 servers right there at your beck and call?
5	Love, love loved it!!! The food was out of this world good, and our service was even better!!  ASK FOR JARED - HE WAS THE BEST!!We had a large group with people who did not eat sushi.  Our server offered to do the ordering for us, promising that he would not fail us, and he delivered!!!  It was AWESOME!!
3	Minus one star ....when you make reservations and specify BALCONY.....you better get balcony! Well, after 20min of waiting for our balcony table, and a stern chat with the GM, we had comped drinks and our table.....but really? If I request something.....just give it to me.....or I'll complain until you do.....
3	I would've probably been in a position to give this place an additional star if only I was sober when I walked into the restaurant for our dinner (which reminded me why I should not start drinking at 2PM)After trying so hard to piece the dinner experience together I came to the conclusion that: 1) The food (from what little I remembered) was good.  But then again, I only had a couple of bites of the tuna tartare, and it didn't upset my already-queasy stomach.  Good sign.2) The decor was interesting - dark, minimalistic, modern, and very very sleek.  Again, from what little I remembered whilst stumbling to and from our table and the restroom a couple of times.3) Our server was a sweetheart.  I'm pretty sure I was cranky and unpleasant to deal with.  4) The damage report was... well... damaging.  Food and drinks came to almost $70.  I suppose that's Vegas for you. Look forward to returning.  Sans the 3PM drinking session.
4	Have been here twice- both times were amazing. The first time stumbled upon social house only because we were getting sh*tfaced at kahunaville downstairs but didn't want their food so went in search of something better and BOOM there was social house. We didn't have a reservation and were about to settle for just sitting anywhere when the hostess recommended the patio because the pirate show was going to start in 10 minutes. We thanked her for the tip and were seated outside- and got a front row seat for the show! everything we ordered was amazing- we were even with a sushi hater who said his terryaki chicken was delish. when we got the bill we were a little taken aback- it was pretty expensive our bill for 3 people + 2 bottles of Saki was about $80- $90 bucks but we all agreed it was worth it. the second time we went it was a girlfriends 21st birthday and we had just won $1000 on penny slots so wanted a great dinner to celebrate- knowing the insider tip about the balcony we called ahead and made reservations for 15 min. before showtime. The waiter was so sweet and took multiple pictures for us and gave us passes to these clubs going on and even a free birthday shot for the bday girl. once again the food was GREAT. we all ordered something diff and all picked off each others plates. again it was expensive but it IS VEGAS so...... oh and we are all newly obsessed with sparkling sake thanks to this place- so if you love your rice wine you should try it sparklingFantastic!
4	Had the tasting menu which was a little pricey ($100 / ea) given all of the good meal deals that are out there these days. But overall the food was really good. Waiter was a little stuffy but nothing outrageous. Sat on the balcony so also got to watch the pirate battle. Good overall experience but nothing that makes me crave going back anytime soon.
1	Addendum to my earlier review - I did say that I would be able to give a more meaningful review on my second visit when I am actually sober. I would like to retract that.  After finding out that Social House messed up a reservation that I made for my BFFL's birthday dinner, thankfully a couple of days before the actual dinner, I doubt I would ever see the inside of Social House again. We're going to Nobu instead.
2	WAY overpriced and overrated.  4 stars, are you kidding?Since the rolls were so expensive, we thought that we'd get the most bang for our buck by ordering the pre-fixe menu which is about $49/person.  It comes with edamame, a salad of your choice, sashimi appetizer, entree of your choice, and dessert of your choice...Let's start with the good...Service was great.  We didn't have to wait long for our food at all. Patio - the view of the strip was awesome.Now the bad...The sashimi appetizer was 3 thinly sliced pieces of fish.  This hardly constitutes as an appetizer.  Unsatisfying.Salad - The kelp salad was yummy...the chicken salad was just your run of the mill greens plus grilled chicken.  I could have made it at home.Entree - Steak was tender & the fish of the day (halibut) was good...but it was just meat.  Maybe 2 or 3 vegetables.  Couldn't the entree at least come with a bowl of rice?  The cost would be maybe 50 cents?Dessert - The mochi was SMALL (make a circle with one hand and that's how big it was), but the lychee flavor was good.  My husband ordered the sorbet, and unfortunately the chef's choice of the day was cucumber sorbet.  Have you ever had Korean pickled cucumber?  It tasted like that in sorbet form.  Not good.We won't be coming back.
1	I'm happy to see that this place has closed down!
5	What do you mean Social House is closed?!That was my favorite sushi restaurant in Vegas! The food was great, the service was superb, the restaurant looks great and you can get a killer view of the Pirate show outside TI off the balcony. Where are you going Social House?! Please re-open before I head out in mid October!
5	I literally shed a tear when I heard Social House was closed as it was officially My Favorite Restaurant On The Planet. I knew moving would be bad, if I still lived in Vegas they would still be open for sure!
5	I'm still crying over Social House being closed, but I may be able to dry those tears soon. I've heard that they are in the process of building their new location at City Center after the new owners at TI kicked them out. Let's hope it happens by June!
5	Yes! Social House was fantastic at TI. It's moving to MGM's City Center and is supposed to be open again in 5 months. Hopefully it will be just as amazing as it was before.
4	Ok this is not much of a review. I LOVED Social House at TI. It was me and the husband's favorite place to go on date nights. They had great sushi, tofu dishes and it was a very romantic restaurant. And it's at TI so we don't have to deal with the strip traffic to get there. I was crushed when it disappeared. NOW SOME GOOD NEWS GUYS.....I just saw a huge billboard that advertised SOCIAL HOUSE again today. They are re-opening soon at City Center! I will be going the moment they do and update the review...just thought you guys would like to know.
4	I tried out this restaurant off a recommendation from a coworker and was glad I did.  Then I was bummed to learn that it had closed down as I was hoping to come back whenever I was in Vegas again.  I'm glad to read from Sangeetha I.'s review that they are reopening again! YESSSSS!!  This place has some of the best sushi I've tasted but the main dish my bf and I enjoyed was their miso marinated sea bass.  So mouth watering good!!!  I heard the chef had worked at Nobu where the dish originated from (also yummy).  Try it once they're open again, you won't regret it.  I also tried  their bluberry mojito's.  Pretty tasty, complete with fresh blueberries in it.  Can't wait till they're open again (and the next time I'm in Vegas for that matter, haha!)
5	The staff & chef were firing on all cylinders on my recent visit for their opening day at Crystals Mall in CityCenter. As a guest of Andy, I & a guest enjoyed the chef's menu sampler, which included a good chocolate dessert. The siphon coffee Safari Blend after dinner drink was tasty. Social House is only one of 5 restaurants in the country that has them currently. They are known for an upscale Japanese dining experience.
5	I was a big fan of Social House when it was  originally in the T.I, so when I heard they  moved to Crystals in city center we had to check it out.  And im glad we did. Holy crap, I ate so much food, im surprised I didnt have to leave in a wheel chair. We ended trying a little of everything from their selected menues (cold, hot, meats, sushi, dessert etc). It was nice, because the dishes were just the right portion for my girlfriend and I to share and not fill up on one course, leaving us room to try the other goodies. Some in particular we loved were the citrus miso cod, yellowtail jalepeno and the kobe slices seared in garlic oil!  At dessert,  we ended up trying their yummy mochi and had siphon coffee.  I'll say straight up, this was one of the best cups of coffee ive ever had.  The machine they brew it on looks like some sort of crazy chemistry set. Overall, I couldn't have been happier. The service was great; the vibe was sheek, and the food was amazing.  Prices were moderate, so next time we come back, it'll probably be a special occasion or something.
4	We were visiting for 2 nights and really wanted sushi.  So I did my trusty Yelp search and came upon Social House, now located in the Crystals shopping area at GORgeous City Center.Upon first visual the place is just as stunning looking as the mall. It was dark, sexy, and filled with pretty people. We settled in at the bar and ordered some martinis.  Our bartender was an uber sexy Asian gal wearing a corset. My husband says I need to start wearing corsets too :)We started with cucumber sunomono and a couple specialty sushi rolls. One roll was kalbi beef, the other was vegetarian. Loved both of these.  The kalbi was slightly crispy from a quick frying. The vegetarian was filled with a nice bit of cream cheese. Next we tried the Himachi specialty roll and the spicy scallop roll. Again, these were spot on. The spicy scallop came with a yummy sauce that could've been eaten alone!The rolls had 6 pieces each. Just enough to fill our tummies and continue on with our night, without feeling too bloated. And they weren't over-the-top expensive either. I think the highest one was $12.Drinks we're sexy-delish, atmosphere was sexy-cool, service was sexy-attentive, and food was sexy-yum!
5	My husband and I dined here for lunch on a recent trip to Vegas and we were very impressed! We just sat in the bar area, but the ambience seemed very nice, the decor was eye catching, and the service was excellent. We both ordered the bento box lunch, my husband got his with the sushi and I ordered the miso cod with mine. My husband was extremely jealous of the AWESOME miso cod that I was able to devour! I order miso cod quite often when it's on a menu, and this is one of the best I've ever had. It was a good sized serving, especially considering all of the other items in the bento lunch, all for only $18! I found it to be a great deal for what it was. We were already inebriated from the gigantic drinks at Fat Tuesday, so we didn't get to sample the libations at Social House, but we WILL be back next time we're in town!
3	Luv the atmosphere luv the food! There isnt anyone there 2 Socialize with but the bartender! well it is new I will give it another chance I do wish thy had the spicey tuna like Koi & Katsuya ;  )
5	Holy Sushi!  That's all I have to say.  This place makes the best Sushi ever!  If you are in Vegas and are looking for some great Sushi, this is the place!  Located in the City Center mall very close to the Aria Hotel.  The atmosphere is super fun and the food is excellent!
5	Being a Bachelorette rocks. Free drinks, free entry to clubs, everyone smiling at you and congratulating you. So that's why I hang out with so many of them... to reap the benefits, over and over. Social House did not disappoint! The evening couldn't have had a better start for our Bachelorette Party escapades. No longer located at Treasure Island, we were able to catch Social House during the first week of it's reopening in the swanky City Center next to Aria. The Manager stopped by our table to congratulate the beautiful bride-to-be and to offer shots for the table since we had the honor of being their first Bachelorette Party in their new location. Whoo! Donning pink tiaras, pink feather boas, and hoochie dresses, our six-pack of chicks got the party started knocking back choice cocktails and fancy sakes. Our super helpful waiter had tremendous patience explaining the menu to our drunk asses. We choose an assortment of sushi rolls, one of my favorites being the Crispy Kalbi Beef Roll. I was also digging the Sesame Kelp Salad. The specialty cocktails were eclectic and worldly, but I think next time I'll stay Asian instead of delving into the South American... their Pisco Sour 2.0 was interesting but I still prefer the traditional version over their take with hibiscus syrup. The Red Champagne was delicious, especially if you like sweet and bubbly. The winner of the night was the sparkling blueberry sake by the name of Star Rabbit. It came in a little blue bottle with a hot pink label... delicious and a perfect fit for the theme of the night. I think we killed about 3 bottles of that stuff. Since we couldn't bring ourselves to leave, we decided to order dessert as well. The Milk Chocolate Cake was a hit with the table, but the Coco-Nuts a bit too out there for our palates. Also, an arrangement of chocolate truffles was sent out to our party which ensured that we left with full bellies. After passing out "Hottest Jawline" and "Nicest Eyes" stickers to our waiter, other waiters, the manager, and busboy, we left Social House and continued on elsewhere with our Bachelorette festivities. Not without a quick romp in the fountain outside Aria... watch out for those Star Rabbits!!!
4	Social House, when it was at Treasure Island, was one of my favorite places in Las Vegas.  While some may have visited that location due to being able to see the TI Pirate Show -- that was never my reason.  The food, the drinks, and the setup (including that amazing balcony/patio) made Social House THE must-visit place, despite its location inside the otherwise useless Treasure Island Hotel.But then they closed.  (Bad!)Then I was told they are reopening somewhere else. (Good!)Well, on this last visit to Vegas, I had told Mr. K that I'd like to visit the new location, and together with a couple of friends, we visited Social House, now located inside the TRULY IMPRESSIVE Crystals City Center (which wasn't even there on my last visit to Sin City).  Walking in, I noted that they carried over the same modern/hip theme.  The bar/lounge area was just as nice, and very similar in feel.  We took seats at the bar and ordered some appetizers and drinks off of their happy hour menu.  One friend had the sliders, which I didn't try, but I ordered the tempura-like shrimp, which was quite tasty. The general manager was kind enough to give us a whole tour of the restaurant, and it was -ALMOST- as nice as the old location.  OK - I'm lying; it was really nice but not really as nice as the old location, where the two floors simply knocked my socks off.  Similar to their old location, they did include a patio dining area, but it's not really a patio when you're just overlooking the rest of the fantastic Crystals City Center (indoors). Because we had a fancy dinner planned for that evening, we couldn't sit down and actually have a meal at Social House, which was always SH's selling point in the old location.  But the GM did invite us back to try their "amazing coffee", so we promised that we'd be back after dinner for dessert.Despite having had dessert after an amazing dinner - we promised, and we delivered by running back to Social House for their coffee.  I believe the coffee was $14 (gasp?) but Mr K and I took a seat at the lounge and waited patiently through the brewing process (which was rather fascinating).  A long time ago, I had come to Social House to have their "dough balls" which still remain in my mind as one of the best desserts ever.  I was thrilled to find that it was still on the menu, so of course, I had to beg that we have "one more dessert"!  I did note that it was now called "Lychee Dough Balls"; that should have been my first hint.The coffee was spectacular, as promised.  After dinner at SH, you must try their coffee.Their dough balls???  WHAT WAS THAT?I had one and could touch no more, but it was dough balls filled with a lychee gel or concoction of some sort -  and it would ooze on the first bite.  While I am a big fan of anything that oozes - - this was just a bad, bad combination.Bring back the old dough balls!  Why mess with perfection???  It used to go perfectly with the coffee!In the end, I don't feel like it's equal to the old Social House for several reasons, and have to dock it a star.  But Social House is STILL one of the hippest joints in Las Vegas, and for excellent Japanese fusion, you MUST try this place!
4	My girls + a boy and I went  Social House for a Bachelorette Weekend.  All I can say is they really service you in every which way possible a dining establishment can. Decor check. Charming cute waiter check. Melt in your mouth kobe check. The only thing that possibly made me a little sad was when I saw the bill...my goodness, did those 18 pieces of thin orgasmic meats really cost me nearly 100 bucks?!? That's the most expensive orgasm I've ever had! With all naughtiness aside: Ambiance: Dark brown hues, with manila lights. Made me feel like I was dining in a ritzy cave in a brightly lit crystal city center mall. It was romantic and everything you would stereotype a Vegas upscale joint.  But somehow, I wished that it was a little brighter so that I could actually see the food. When dining, the appeal plays great tricks to the the belly. In the case of social house, I couldn't see the freshness of the yellowtail carpaccio or its brilliant colors until I went home to check out the pics. Did the yellow tail appeal match its freshness? Absolutely! But if maybe they threw in a couple of candles so I could see my food would I have instant gratification instead of going home 3 days later to find out. Service: The waiter was not just your typical waiter. He did whatever he could to serve us in anyway he could. Provided a very charismatic dialogue and never made us feel like we were a bunch of commoners eating in a what could have been a pretentious place. The manager also stopped by to apologize when they had slightly over cooked my dining companions raw steak and was really friendly. In other words, they try to strive per perfection. Food: I've teased you enough, so without much further ado, the food. We started with a toast to the bachelorette with a red champagne, made with a tint of hisbicus. It was sooo yummy and sweet like a kiss. Not for those of you who likes the taste of liquor because there wasn't even a hint of that taste. Deceptive, because the bride to be and I were a little happy afterwards...drank too fast because it was delicious. Appetizers, we had the yellowtail carpaccio with tempura jalepeno, 5oz of thinly sliced Kobe, and toro tartare. Entree of Kobe hanger steak. The yellow carpaccio was absolutely great. The fish melted and the spice from jalepeno was so subtle, I could barely taste it. It provided the perfect crunch. The tuna tartare, lacked a little flavor at the first taste but then the little rice balls injected flavor and flair to its texture. The kobe beef, prepared too ways, was fantastic. The garlic-seared kobe was by far superior over the spicy ponzu. Both melted, but the garlic-seared had a unique flavor to it. The Kobe hanger with yuzu egg was very tasty but didn't melt like the appetizer. None the less, it was very tender.  Also had a yellow tail roll with chimchurri, good but was nothing extraordinary in comparison to the rest of the meal.  For dessert, they had complimentary truffle lollipops..yum...Conclusion: Social House, I am impressed. But why must you make my  wallet bleed so hard. Fortunately, I live way too far away for you to become one of my new addictions. Because if I were closer, it'd be an abusive relationship and your kobe beef would be doing the ass smacking.
5	We were in the mood for Asian food, and the Concierge at my hotel offered Social House as an option. The bar area is pretty spacious if you prefer not to wait for a table. The wait was not excessive, and the hostess was very attentive with frequent updates while we were waiting at the bar. Our server had many options for us, and we loved the sake. We tried a good amount of sushi and grilled vegetables, that were cooked well. We will definitely return to Social House when we go back to Vegas.
4	Great happy hour from 5-7. Enjoy $8 appetizers and sushi rolls at this trendy Japanese fusion restaurant.  My partner and I wanted a quick and light bite and found the 4 dishes off the Happy Hour menu to be very filling. Definitely order the tender pork ribs - sweetly glazed with compressed watermelon. It's a hearty portion size, too.  The spicy tuna and salmon avocado roll were also fresh and tasty.  You get a good sized 6 pieces with each roll.  The shrimp tempura in ponzu sauce was served popcorn style - crunchy and also meaty. I sipped the Red Champagne cocktail with my meal. A concoction of moscato d'asti,citron, & hibiscus. While sweet and refreshing, it cost as much as half our food order! Oh well. Cheers to a cheap meal! It's one of the better deals to dining in the posh City Center.
4	I love Social house for late night dining, happy hour pit stop and drinks with friends before going out dancing.  First off, the happy hour special was pretty good ( I think buy one get one).  My favorites on the list include*lychee martini *ginger sake martini *rock candy (comes with a candy stick *alcoholic green tea..all wonderfully blended, flavorful and will get you tipsy in no time.The atmosphere is clean and modern.  The outdoor seating is beautiful and gives you a nice view of the strip.  The indoor sushi bar is also nice and is structured in a way to allow you to interact with other people at the bar.  I had a salad thing, that was OK, my non vegan friends have enjoyed just about everything here.I always try to come back when I am visiting faimly.
4	Took clients here a few nights ago.  Our server, Daniel was great!!!  The place was not busy and the music was kinda loud, so he let us sit in the back patio over looking the mall.  It was a great place to eat and get some business done.  we all tried the seven course tasting menu.  It was quite good, yet pricey.  The cocktails (prices can be as high as the Demon Slayer at $31.00) and beer selection was out of this world.  Tried several selections and it ended up costing as much as dinner (gasp).  Also had a Japanese beer (Gingakogen) which came in a beautiful blue bottle, could have drank several of those, but at $18/bottle I settled on one.Enjoyed the Kobe Sliders at $24.00 and they were fantastic.  Loved the fresh sashimi featured in the tasting menu.This place is definitely a splurge, but hey.... life is worth it!  The service and attention to every detail was really a nice experience. The restaurant is dark modern and artistic.   Definitely have to check out their happy hour.The bill for four people - eating and drinking themselves silly was over $650.00.
4	Stopped in for dining at the bar.  The kelp salad was very fresh and the sushi rolls were AMAZING!  They were the freshest that I have had in a LONG time!  I look forward to visiting again and trying more and maybe bumping them up to a 5 star!
4	1st thing you notice is the large door when you walk in. The ambiance of the restaurant is real nice. The service is also great and quick. We started off with shashito peppers and the spicy tuna crispy rice along with the kobe sliders. The sliders were incredible and juicy. Some items I think were a bit too overpriced, but overall a great place.
5	Great food, the yellowtail and crispy pata were perfect!! Will definitely come here every time I am in Vegas.
2	So let me explain . . . Lynn & I are once again in Las Vegas for et another DUI conference.  I know, I know -- it's either Vegas or New Orleans, but hey! both cities know how to drink!  Anyway, after several nights of excellent but "fancy" food, we were thinking something light and Japanese came to mind.  The problem is, we're staying at the Death Ray -- sorry, the Vdara -- and there are no restaurants per se in the hotel, and the Japanese restaurants nearby in the Bellagio or the Aria don't open until dinner.  BUT . . . there is this place called "Social Hall" that opens at 1:00 pm on Friday, so --Now 1:00 in the afternoon is a DIFFERENT CLIENTELE than a nightclub/bar/restaurant into the evening . . . all we really wanted was some lunch.  So readers would be well advised to a) take this review with a grain of salt, and b) understand it is a review of this establishment for LUNCH, in contrast to the overwhelming number of other reviews in which more sensible Yelpers than I went during the evening hours.No complaints about the food.  It wasn't a "Wow!" but we sort of weren't expecting it to be.  The kitchen was out of some things -- I guess they weren't expecting people to eat lunch (but then why open for lunch?), as we were repeated told that a particular dish "isn't ready yet.  It will be ready for dinner."  Uh, OK, but why open of lunch?  The Bento box was fine; the sushi was good.  But overall it seemed to lack that certain *spark* that elevates it above the ordinary.  The waitress was simply not interested in us or in our needs.  Water glasses went unfilled.  She never asked us if we wanted to order more sake.  And it took forever to get the check.And the pulsating techno music at 1:00 in the afternoon gets tiresome by about 1:10.HOWEVER . . . in a move that is VERY unusual for Las Vegas, someone in this place truly cares about coffee!  They have a beautiful Hario siphon setup, complete with halogen heaters, plus a La Marzocco 3-group Linea and three Mazzer grinders for espresso.  The Ethipoian Harrar siphon coffee we enjoyed was superb!  Bonus points for that alone!  If I were here for dinner, or if I were clubbing, well, I can certainly understand this place getting 4+ stars in reviews.  But I will probably take a pass on this place for lunch . . . unless it's just to duck in for some truly wonderful coffee.
4	I came here with two friends for our last dinner in Vegas. What a great ambiance this place has! Definitely cool and hip -- a good place to lounge with friends and grab a bite.We ordered the salmon sashimi, hamachi tartar, citrus peel miso cod, and their special roll of the day (spicy tuna, albacore, garlic) to share. Everything was delightful: the flavor combinations were delicious, and while portion sizes weren't that big, the taste of each dish made up for it.Tip: if you sit near the bar area, you get to enjoy the nice flat screen TVs while you dine. :)-L.
5	Yes, it's in a mall.  However, Crystals is not just a mall, it's an experience.  Anyway, we went here after some serious shopping for dinner and drinks.  The staff was wonderful and the sushi was some of the best I have had.  Great cocktails too!  A definite win!
5	Cool atmosphere.  Awesome service.  Incredible food.  It doesn't get much better than this for sushi and a great place to visit on the Strip!  We went with our family of 10, ranging from 21 to 80 and they all loved it.  Favorite drink: White cosmoDo the prefixed menu! You won't regret it.
5	My husband and I had grand plans to do a foodie crawl through Aria, which basically involves hitting up 3-4 high end restaurants and trying 1-2 items at the bar plus cocktails.  First planned stop was American Fish for happy hour but... closed!  Second planned stop was Sage and... closed!  Bar Masa also closed! Dammit!We started to lose faith and I nonchalantly suggested Social House in Crystals because we had never been there.  If the menu didn't appeal, at least we could have a Sapporo at the bar and re-think our strategy.  I was expecting something akin to Kona Grill... typical sushi but nothing to write home about.  I was so wrong.  We walked in and sat at the bar.  The friendly bartender gave us menus and we discovered that they actually have pretty decent cocktails!I had the Socialite ($14) which is spiced rum, passion fruit juice, orange juice, and serrano chili.  I didn't really taste the chili, but it was all good because it was yummy!My husband had the Cachaca Espuma ($16) which is cachaca (fermented sugar cane), lime, green tea, and a vanilla/coconut foam (referred to as espuma).  The bartender grated a little lime peel on top.  I'm not a big fan of coconut and the smell was pretty strong but my husband made a dent in the foam so I could try the drink below without gagging and it was pretty good!For food, we tried the yellowtail with crispy jalapeno, garlic dust, tiny cilantro (just like the microchives that used to be on everything a few years back), and calamansi soy ($22).  I think calamansi is a type of citrus fruit but I didn't ask.  This is excellent!  The crispy jalapeno adds good texture and is different than just having fresh or pickled jalapeno tossed on top.  And the garlic dust!  Everything should be covered in garlic dust!  Awesome idea!We also tried the crispy pata which is a crackling pork shank with pickled carrots and garlic served with a chili vinegar on the side ($24).  The vinegar is very strong, and they warned us of that, so you only dip the pork in a little bit.  The pork shank has both crispy skin and tender meat.  Also the bones have some tasty bone marrow inside so get a chopstick and fish it out!  Yummy dish!These are smallish portions but high quality food... perfect for a foodie crawl.  The bartender and servers are willing to spend time talking to you about your likes and dislikes and develop a tasting menu on the fly for you, which is pretty cool!  Definitely coming back here for a full meal to try that!
4	Ate here with a buddy in the early evening....it was pretty empty but we were there too early....the sushi was very good, the place is very nice and has a great atmosphere.....I can't find anything to complain about at all, the price was as fair as you'll find for a place like this...awesome spot to have some drinks...its trendy and has a feel good feeling when you're there....as empty as it was there were two ladies sitting just down from us who we ending up striking a conversation with towards the end of the meal...we then moved to the lounge area for some more drinks...which ended up to be a better than expected time at Social House...would def. go back....
2	Food is rather pretentious. If Japanese/Filipino fusion is your thing this is the place to go.Dined here with my cousin and my 1yr old nephew, the Sunday after Christmas. Having a child in tow didn't stop us from venturing into fine dining for the evening.Our meal started with shrimp & pork lumpia served with sweet chili sauce, the flavors reminiscent to Filipino style home-made lumpia rolls with a heavier price tag. There's no set guidelines to good lumpia making it rather subjective from household to household. In short, it was good lumpia.The second dish: Hokkaido Sea Scallops came out salty! Thoroughly disappointed. The texture of scallops was spot on but failed in execution, good grief whoever worked our plate needs to lay off the salt.The final plate before we eventually got fed up, the Striped Sea Bass, was tender, not flaky nor overdone, was accompanied by a similar steamed fish sauce prominent in Chinese style preparations (specifically Guangzhou if memory serves me correct). Moreover upon pondering on the closest approximation to its flavor; it would be my sister's Mother-in-Law's fish sauce...(which is absolutely divine & perfected through generations). A recipe I've coveted for a long time now.These revelations really bummed us out, when we came to the realization that all that we consumed for the night were mediocre version of comfort food that we were raised on and easily accessible if we just had dinner at home like the rest of the family...This is a FML moment.
3	We went here on a Tuesday night for happy hour but was disappointed with the choices; they only had a tiny selection which was still very pricey ($25 for 6 pieces of sashimi, $8 for a modest bowl of ramen that tasted like it came from a package, $3-4 for a bite-sized piece of tempura). Granted, the sashimi was excellent, slurping down $25 in 30 seconds was a bit ridiculous. On the plus side, the lychee martini ($14) was the best I've ever had. Our total bill (3 drinks, 6 pieces of sashimi, 2 rolls was $103 with tax, before tip.
3	great service. sexy ambiance. mediocre sashimi. average food. $$$ - be prepared to spend a lot of money here. i would attempt to describe all the dishes we ordered but there were just too many. dishes to note x2: citrus peel miso cod bibb lettuce cup! love love love their miso cod! also to note: beef specialty roll, eel roll, yellowtail from raw bar.drink to note: sacred mist cold sake - tastes like fermented rice milk. yum!
5	Came to the place on X-mas weekend, while staying in Aria (great place by the way).  Location is great - in the shopping center, easy to find.  Since we came for an early dinner - 5pm or so, the place was emply, I think we were the only patrons at the time.Great service, awesome food, reasonable prices, especially considering the location and high-end shops in the mall.This was probably the best Fusion-sushi place we've eaten at, and that includes the Little Tokyo are of Los Angeles.If you are a pure sushi enthusiast you might not like it, but if you enjoy the Fusion style of sushi - this place is for you!
2	So I really don't want to give this place two stars b/c this really doesn't reflect the food, but I have to b/c the service is sooooo slow! We had made a reservation for 9 and got there around 8:30 and they were able to seat us after about 10 minutes. Our waitress came over pretty quickly after we sat down but then it just went downhill from there. We had ordered drinks and the waitress brought my friend the wrong beer. We then ordered edamame and a bunch of sushi cut rolls, We were really hungry b/c we had just traveled to Vegas and went straight to dinner from the airport. We ordered the spicy tuna, salmon avocado, shrimp tempura and spicy scallop rolls. It then took about 45 mins. to get our rolls and we were starving! We ate those rolls pretty fast once they got to the table. We were still hungry, so for some reason we thought it would be a good idea to get some more rolls. Bad idea. The next set of sushi rolls took another hour. We almost wanted to cancel the order b/c it was taking so long. We were hungry but also tired and just wanted to get out of there. After we finally got the second set of sushi rolls, we immediately asked for our bill b/c we knew that would take a while, which we were right about. After about another 20 minutes, we were able to pay our bill and leave. As far as the sushi goes, it was really good. Our favorite was the shrimp tempura. Our least favorites were the spicy scallop and tuna b/c they were not spicy. The whole meal lasted almost 2.5 hours, which is pretty ridiculous. Not sure if I would go back b/c I don't think I have the patience.
5	This place was great. The decor, the service the food top notch! The gf and i have been craving Sushi for sometime, so why not wait til Vegas to get our mouth around some yummy stuff! Pretty much started the research once we got into town. Found Social house and made a reservation. Picked a nice time slot, 6pm. We had to be someplace by 7:30 so it worked out. We walked up to the place and there were only a few people in the bar area, at first glance the place looked tiny. The Bar wasn't all that big but looked freaking AWESOME! told the hostess my name and she said we'll be seating in 15min, you're more than welcome to sit at the bar and wait. OK! i forget the times on the happy hour but you cant be a beer for $3 in Vegas! After waiting our 15min. we were called up to be sat. Walked through some sexy red curtains and BANG right back to the ample seating and awesome decor. We were greeted by our server and told about how the Social House works. I was expecting super small portions but for Vegas and the venue not bad at all! We picked up 3 different rolls, the Sun Dried Tomato Roll, Hamachi Roll and the Shrimp Battera. ALL 3 were ultra delicious and almost the best sushi i have ever had!! This was the first place i have picked different rolls and liked them ALL! We also ordered up some butter potato's which were also pretty dang good. This place is a hit and a must go if you like some sushi and a nice place to chill!
5	This place was amazing from the food to the decor! Very Japanese style furniture from top to bottom,  very elegant lighting, and high class kind of feeling.  My friend's brother is actually the head chef here so we didnt even look at the menu.  He would prepare us special dishes from the menu and some he just made that evenning and the food kept coming all night until we said stop.  We also got a few bottles of sake which complements some of the sushi he made.  But I would have to say the best entree he made was the Crispy Pata(Filipino dish) which was bomb diggity! Highly recommend this place!!!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE!I had been craving sushi for a while, so I figured Vegas would be the place to get my fix!  We decided on Social House and both the bf and me were very happy with our pick!Made a reservation for 6pm (Saturday night), as we had a show to get to by 7:30.  Perfect timing - we were in and out pretty quickly, because we glanced at the menu while waiting at the bar for our table.  The decor is very sexy - the lounge/seating area is parted by a curtain so you forget you're actually in a shopping center.  Instead, whisked away into a dreamland of great food... haha :) We shared an appetizer of Shichimi Confit Butter Potatoes, yummm! Then enjoyed 3 of their specialty rolls - Hamachi (with jalapeno/cilantro green sauce and garlic chips), Sun Dried Tomato (vegetarian roll), and a Battera roll with shrimp, spicy tuna and avocado.  (I learned that a Battera roll is layered into a box shape instead of the traditional circular rolls - different and fun!)  Did I just die and go to specialty roll heaven?  Yes, yes I did.  Absolutely delicious and wouldn't change a thing about this place.  Of course the prices were up there, but c'mon, you're in Vegas.  Money ain't a thang.
5	My partner and I had just settled in at Aria....  He started showing me around City Center and we came across Social House.  It was about 3pm and just walked in and got seated quickly.  Our server was friendly and very knowledgable.  My other half got his regular Bourbon Manhattan while I decided to get the Cucumber Sakitini....  Made with premium chilled saki, muddled cucumber, and something else.  Talk about SMOOTH and refreshing!  We got two kinds of lettuce cups....  One made with kobe beef and the other with a spiced cod.  Not sure how else to describe it but it was SO good!  The other was a sushi roll made from abalone that had been fried but was still so tender and buttery.  I have no idea how they accomplished this....  I tried to analyze the ingredients but shortly gave up and just let the experience soak in.  Amazing!
4	In typical LV performance of chic restaurants, the Social House brings amazingly crafted, yet tiny portioned food in an overpriced atmosphere. Viewings of the incredibly tight dressed matre de was probably worth the price of admission for an old horny guy like myself. All in all, the food quality and concoctions were exceptionally amazing, but bring a large credit limit if you have a large waistline.
4	Now, if I rolled in money, I most likely would be dining at a place like this nightly. We ordered a mixture of specialty rolls, tartars, and ribs, and very happy that they explained the name of *social house* ~ the food is in small portions to be shared. Key word here is *small*-- I guess pretty people stay thin for a reason!Pros;Fantastic customer serviceGreat food! We had the Tamarind Short Ribs, Hamachi Tartare, Seared Albacore Specialty Roll, and Yellowtail with Crispy Jalapeno. All of it was fantastic!Beautiful setting, very contemporary and chicHottie hostess ~ now, I'm not gay, but she was beautiful! Cons;small portions (so small I wondered if we should get one of everything on the menu)The name of the restaurant -- Would you think this was a sushi place based on the name? I almost passed it up.I had to apply for a loan to eat here.Hottie hostess ~ I couldn't concentrate on a single thing staring at her, now I know how guys feel!
4	Went here for Valentines Day, when a special event was being held. A 6 course fixed menu.Service was good. The waiter was attentive needs, and there were plenty of people around refilling our water and taking away empty dishes, which was nice. The only complaint on the service was that our server did not know how to open our bottle of champagne nor how to pour it correctly. Food wise, it was good. Fillet was cooked well . Cornish game hens were perfect. Blood orange push pops were great. I'm not sure if these items are regularly on the menu, however. But, the food was good enough to make me want to go back to try the food that is on their menu. Overall, a good experience. I look forward to going back.
4	Went here a couple of weeks ago while kicking it in Vegas.  The restaurant is located in the swanky new mall next to the Aria.  The ambiance is really cool and the staff was extremely knowledgeable and helpful, especially with recommendations.  We went on a Thursday night so it wasn't all that crowded and the food came out relatively quick.  Here's what we ordered:Sesame Kelp Salad - Good, but nothing special.  Not that different from seaweed salads elsewhere.  Yellowtail Sashimi - This was by far the best dish we had that night.  Flavorful and delicate with a nice citrus/soy kick.  The fish was the perfect temperature and it all just melded together brilliantly.Seared Albacore Roll - Very good as well.  Great blend of flavors but similar to other really good rolls out there.  Soft Shell Crab Roll - I really liked this one because of the extra crunchiness of the crab.  Maybe they overcooked it slightly because there was also a smokey flavor to the crab, which was really nice.  The contrast of textures really played well together.Order of Tuna Nigiri - Quality tuna and very tasty.Order of Shrimp Nigiri - Pretty standard but still good.Not too much food but still really satisfying meal.  I would've given the place 3 stars but the yellowtail sashimi and killer ambiance pushed up to 4.  Definitely a great date place if you have extra cash to burn because it's not cheap, but well worth the experience!
5	3 words...Pulled Beef Fries!!! These were one of the delicious items on their happy hour menu and they were amazing. Perfectly cooked shoestring fries covered with pulled beef in an amazing slightly sweet and smoky sauce with wasabi creme fraiche...mind blowingly good!  There are also sushi, beer and sake specials. The service was fantastic and the restaurant is beautiful. I would make the 4 hour drive to Vegas just to get these fries again!
1	Careful with your check. They will get your order right but the charge will charge you higher than what the menu says. Our bartender just gave us a classic cucumber saketini and charge us for a white lotus lycheetini. And gave us the lame excuse that because everyone has been asking for the white lotus she made the mistake to charge us that. Be Smart, check your receipt !!!!!
5	By far one of the best meals I've had. I love Japanese food and this place was AMAZING. We ordered the hamachi cold dish with jalapeno tempura and an albacore specialty roll. Their uni and ikura sushi were so delicious and just melted in your mouth, especially the uni. Love the sweet shrimp, unagi and octopus. No complaints about anything. Food and service were excellent. I wish I could eat here everyday but then I would be poor.
2	This restaurant is probably a fun place to hang out but just don't come here for the food if you expect authentic Japanese style sushi.  This place serves very mediocre American style sushi where the cut of the fish and the flavor of the rice is completely off.  Buying high quality sushi-grade fish is the easy part and should be a given but the price of the sushi here I would have expected something a lot better...
1	How? How does this place get 4 stars? I really don't get it. I've been to so many Japanese restaurants all over the U.S., lived in Japan for some time, but I never came across such overpriced, over-hyped Japanese restaurant in my life. This place might have been a hip place back in the day, often visited by famous celebrities, and known for it's 'social' ambiance, but it must be the over-hype that made this place so highly rated. The interior is very nice, with a beautiful bar and dim lighting. The staff is very friendly, knowledgeable, helping to walk through the menu with you. Then, what is my problem? It's the food! I thought this was a restaurant? All-you-can-eat-sushi $8.99 restaurants can definitely make a better maki and roll than this place. We ordered Seared albacore tuna roll with spicy scallop and tuni maki, but it was bad. It was so bad that I was nearly shocked. We ordered snow crab dynamite as recommended by the waiter, and it was disgusting. It was simply fake crab meat covered with heavy cream and cheese that seemed semi baked. I really didn't know what I was eating. We ordered Jalapeno Hamachis, which were just terribly salted and covered with horrible sauce that tasted like East Asian medicine. I've had ceviches, I've had Japanese Hamachi (Yellowtail) and I clearly know the difference between the good and the bad. But, this was hard to categorize. I just don't know how they managed to make it so bad that it just broke out of my chart. After these dishes, I decided to stop ordering, and asked for the bill. It came out to $95 after taxes. My girlfriend and I are small eaters and I don't think we felt a thing in our stomach. Food- FAILService- GoodAmbiance- Good. Modern, hip.Price- Overpriced. I think you should try this place for the hell of it. It's just so shocking, I almost want to suggest that you try this place. Drink a lot at the bar and sit, maybe you'll get through better. And that's if you don't care about the bill
4	My friend and I were here for Valentine's Day and sampled the Love & Hate menu. While the new Social House definitely has a different vibe from the old location at TI, it's still fabulous and the service was still great. The food was good (especially the lobster) and the atmosphere was fun and lively. It was a bit slow but only because the restaurant was PACKED. The bar area was playing old Jackie Chan movies which I thought was kind of awesome and strange at the same time. Overall, a great experience.
4	Came in here on a Wednesday at 6:30pm and the place was pretty dead.  A few people in the bar area and I don't think anyone in the dining room.  We were sat at a cozy table and told that it was happy hour- HOORAY!!We each had some martini-sake-cucumber delicious-ness!  We also had the Seared Albacore, Spicy Tuna, Shrimp Tempura, Avocado, Garlic Ponzu (by the recommendation of our server) and it was fabulous!  It was a sushi roll with great flavor and I would totally order again.With not many people being in there, the service was good and fast.  I look forward to going back and getting the same things again!
4	Came in for happy hour to unwind and visit a buddy.  Overall friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable staff.  I like that they know their menus inside and out, can ask the right questions to the guests, and make really good recommendations.  They came across as very patient and understanding.  Even the chef!I only hung out at the bar/lounge area which came across as an old school yet modern asian inspired lounge.  Of course there's bar seating but there's also a few tables in the lounge area to serve small groups.  If you wanted to, you can order from the full menu here as well....not just from the bar menu. Highly recommend the yellow tail sashimi with jalapeno.   Well balanced flavors from the ginger and jalapeno.  The texture and overall kick was tasty.Bartenders were very attentive to my needs, making sure my glass was never empty.  In fact when they poured my beer from the bottle to a glass, they left the bottle with its remaining beer next to the glass.  Okay yeah not weird....but the cool part was every time they did that, the bartenders consistently made sure the bottle was turned so that the label was facing me.  Yeah at first I thought it was coincidence but then I realized each bar staff did that consistently.  Yes I drank that much to make sure it was consistent each and every time.  Ahh the simple things and details that make me happy!Kevyn and Jonas:  Thanks for the recommendation on Herbs and Rye Cocktail Lounge to checkout.   That was definitely the spot I had in mind!  You were right with recommending Vieux Carre and Blood and Sand!Side Notes:-They were playing old school Jackie Chan movies on the TV screens in the lounge!  Cool.-This place can get a bit pricey, but hey it's on the Strip.....is that really a surprise?   It shouldn't be.-Its all about the quality of the food....not the quantity....there is plenty of variety on the menu!-They got Crispy Pata on the menu!  mm mmm good
4	I'm writing this review months after my visit to Social House during CES convention.  We came with friends and were pretty impressed with the food.
4	Great japanese inspired food! I was glad to see that their maki rolls werent drenched in mayonaise (like other americanized sushi restaurants). The crunchy kalbi beef roll was amazing! Im not sure how truly japanese it us, but the flavors were out of this world!A close second was the tempura shrimp, light citrus flavor and the shrimp was tender and delicious!We will be back for more kalbi beef next time we are in Vegas!
2	This review only pertains to the bar lounge area/happy hour.  Happy hour is from 5-7pm everyday.  We had some time to spare before going out to see a show so we stopped here.  Staff was welcoming and really friendly but I would not describe them as attentive.  No wine on the happy hour menu.  Thumbs down.  We ordered two food items off the HH menu (can't remember exactly what its called and I can't find the HH menu anywhere online).  One of them was the fish sliders.  TINY.  But they were good.  The other thing we ordered was this shredded meat over fries with cheese and other stuff.  This was disgusting.  Super greasy and salty.  I wish I had sent it back and got a refund. One star for a friendly staff and a clean, hip setting of the bar area.  Another star for having the NBA playoffs on the TV.
2	Note: this is a review of their small bites/happy hour menu.The Skinny: decided underwhelming dishes with very little flavour or complexity (2) service: understaffed, there was only 1 waiter available to take orders from two separate rooms (2), value: there is no value for overpriced, slightly above mediocre food (2).When we stopped by after seeing that they had tonkotsu ramen on the menu during their happy hour.The hostess promptly seated us at 7:30 pm and just gave us drink menus. This is despite knowing  we were interested in their happy hour and wanted to try their bar menu. 8 minutes later, someone comes by and gives us a menu -  not the bar menu but their dinner menu. Finally we get their bar menu to peruse (it wasn't available on the internet because we checked) after we specifically ask for it about 5 minutes later.We did notice that there was only one waiter at the time running between rooms and they were understaffed. One of the service staff (not our waiter) did come by and apologize for the service.We ordered the pulled beef fries with green onion and wasabi cream ($5), tonkotsu ramen with bamboo shoots, green onion ($8) plus the pork belly ($2, four slices), and a serving of their cod slider ($4).First of all, a package of ramen you get at the Chinese supermarket is markedly superior to what they serve here. It's an insult to call the swill they serve here tonkotsu ramen - it completely lacked the full bodied flavour of pork. The noodles were overdone, the preserved bamboo had an unpleasant rank aroma. It was terrible all the way through. The addition of the anemic bland pork belly did the dish no favors.The cod slider fared better but was still very unsatisfying. The fried cod lack crispness while it was definitely overwhelmed by the mayonaise-y tartar sauce. When they listed this as being bar "bites", they weren't kidding - the sammy was small. Quite frankly, a filet-o-fish would had been preferable and easier on the wallet.Finally, the pulled beef fries. The pulled beef short rib was one-note while the wasabi cream... didn't taste at all like wasabi. The gravy was also overly watery which made the so-so fries get soggy too quickly.Given how this place performed during their happy hour, I would not consider trying Social House again. This place is barely edible and expensive to boot. Given the plethora of other great places to try on the Strip, this is definitely a pass. 2 stars.
3	Party of 2 and our bill was $94 + tip, which is what we expected. Had rock shrimp, chicken teriyaki, spicy tuna roll, crispy eel roll (I liked this one), 2 bowls of rice, and jasmine tea. Advice: keep in mind you're eating sushi at Aria, LOCATION is a reason for the $$$. I was hesitant to eat here but my husband convinced me. I was glad at least the food was good, not great but not bad either. Check out their menu outside. Service was slow, but they try and our server was polite. They have filipino food (tocino, lumpia, and crispy pata) and I was quite surprised. Will I ever order them from here? haha no. Come here if you're curious and just have to try for yourself. Honestly though, probably won't be coming back. We just had to try it.
1	My friends and I walked in here... thinking we are going to get some fabolous food.  The dumb hostess told us it won't be open for another 15 minutes, so we waited.  After 15 minutes the hostess sat us down and gave us the menu.  After sitting there for another 5 minutes this guy came and said I hope you guys know that the kitchen don't open for another half hour!!!! WTF! Seriously?? Why didn't the retarded hostess tell us beforehand?? Instead, she was soo busy flirting with some bartendar shorter than her?! I don't know. I'm just really pist off and very disappointed. I was hungry. I was moody. And the weather was just hot and dry!! Social House, you guys should change your rules and hire smarter people than this!! This is outrageous!! With the prices on your menu we deserve better treatments and smarter hostess PLEASE!!!!
5	Really great food. If you like sushi, this is the place to go!
5	Yum. It's never too packed here, we always sit at the bar and watch the kung fu movies. As the bartender said "they'll rot your brain!" We were compltely transfixed on the movie within a minute, I don't know what it is about those movies...The flavors were amazing and the special menu from your Foursquare check-in is always good and well-priced. Great place to go for tasty sushi without making reservations.
1	The hostess was very rude and she made it seem like it was an inconvinence to seat us when there was less then half the tables were full. Service was slow, we waited over an hour to get our food and it was sub par. The waitress seemed tired and didnt really want to be around people that night.
4	Loved the ambience, and the friendly bartenders!  Shared the salmon tartar, cod lettuce cups, and some sushi rolls.  Only "complaint" would be that the sushi rice was a bit dry/hard.
4	Came here on a Saturday night with a big group. Great meal. We ended up going with a tasting and letting the waiter know what we absolutely didn't want (we had some mushroom haters) and our budget (80/person). Plate after plate of great food. We got to the point where we didn't end up eating any sushi because we were beyond full before then. With dessert and leaving stuffed, we were at (55/person). Not too shabby.The only weird thing was that we ended up getting a big table outside the restaurant, in the mall. I thought it was cool but another person in our group joked that they "had never been to such a fancy Panda Express." Did feel kinda food courty because we were sitting in a mall.
4	Met up with friends having a bday dinner here and it was their "Kudasai" secret menu special for locals.Sadly, I never got to try the prior entrees other than their dessert but, I must say their desserts were delicious.And from what the group of 10+ ppl said of their meals, I REALLY wanna come back to samps the rest of the menu.If there's one thing I can say about their food is their sushi was kind of disappointing. I tried "normal" rolls of California, tempura, hamachi and wasn't impressed. Maybe I gotta samps the better more expensive rolls.Either way, I'll def come back!
5	One of the best places to dine before a night out in Vegas.  Food is extremely tasty, staff gives you great service without being overbearing, and you'll walk away feeling satisfied and ready to party, not bloated and sleepy.  Don't even look at the menu, tell your waitperson what you like and don't like and let them bring out some food.  We do this everytime and have never been disappointed.  Thanks to Social House for making our visit for dinner such a memorable part of our weekend!
5	Still delicious even after moving to the new location!
4	This place was AMAZING!  Came here with my 2 BFFs and we were blown away.  The chef here is one of the apprentice of Master Chef Morimoto, and I must say, this place was a lot better than Morimoto's own restaurant in Napa.  We were initially going to order the Omakase (tasting menu), but our server, Byron (HOTTIE), insisted that he put together something more special for us.  For whatever reason we trusted him and it was an awesome experience.We had the following:- Yellowtail (crispy jalapeno, garlic dust, cilantro, calamansi soy)- Citrus miso cod lettuce cups- Kobe beef tartar- Salmon with wasabi creme freche- Shishito Peppers with lemon misoWe had a few other items that I can't seem to remember the names of but they were all delicious.  For drinks we had the sake sampler.  Another successful dinner in Vegas!
3	Good happy hour prices. If you want to truly experience the best of Social House, make sure to forgo the menu and just let your server know that you trust them to put together a meal for you. You'll get the best based on what you like and don't like
3	Meh. Very good service. Server made sure we knew exactly what we were ordering "nigiri means it comes on top of a little bit of rice", etc. And the atmosphere is lovely. Generous cuts of fish, nice fish:rice ratio, but the quality was subpar. Not awful, just nothing to write home about. What really sucked was the rice. Really? That rice sucked. Was it left over from last night? Bleh. Flavorless.Again, great service. Open for lunch. Beautiful restaurant. If you are a sushi aficionado eat elsewhere.
4	Definitely a great restaurant with some great sushi, rolls and dishes.  I recall having the Hamachi and Tuna Sashimi.  Delish!  Sliders, Fried Pork, Tempura Shrimp and Vegetables - all pretty good. I wasn't a fan of it being in the mall though.  Probably a good restaurant for big groups!
5	YUMMMYY!Came to Social House inside Crystals (Aria) with some friends for happy hour. The decor here is beautiful. Crystals smells like the Aria casino/hotel to me, like a non-over powering vanilla spray. Social House is across from Stella McCartney.We had several rolls, including one of my favs salmon/avocado. The salmon carpaccio (off the happy hour menu) is also delish. The delicate sauce and a little scoop of cavier on top make this dish.However, the winner for me was the ramen! I was surprised to see it on the HH menu. I asked our waiter about it and he said it was one of his favorite dishes, so for $8 (thank you HH!) I decided to try, with a poached egg in it. WOW so delicious! The broth was flavorful, not overly salty. The noodles were a nice texture and the poached egg (be sure to break it up with your spoon) made a very nice addition to the soup. Everyone noticed how quiet I got when I received my ramen...whoops hehe. That's how delicious it is. Definitely try it.Everyone in our party (of the first timers) commented that they would be back.
4	Located at the Crystal Mall on the 2nd floor, I arrived for Happy Hour and was suprised it wasn't busy. Domestic beers only $3.00 and they were ice cold and hit the spot. I sat at the bar and the decor was hip and impressive. My order the seared albacore, spicy tuna, shrimp cut roll which was delish. I followed wtih Tonkotsu Ramen with bamboo shoots, negi, pork belly and poached egg. The ramen was awesome - a hearty flavor that was spot on. The added egg and pork belly was well worth the extra few bucks. My bartender was great, really friendly and gave solid serivce. HH is 7 days a week here!
4	The rating is for their ramen only, as I did not try their sushi/other food. The miso ramen was pretty good. Decent sized bowl and flavorful ramen. Had chicken, over easy egg and other goodies but it is definitely worth a try if you're craving japanese food.Service was good. Waiter was nice and friendly. Explained the dishes that we questioned in detail.***Parking***: NO PARKING! It's located on the strip so take a taxi or shuttle!Cash/Credit/Debit are all accepted here.
4	Beautiful decor. Attentive service. Good sushi. Odd location (although its inside Crystal Mall, a high end mall, it's still a mall). A group of us dined here for a bachelorette party.  Our server was extremely attentive, helpful, and very easy on the eyes lol.  As for the food we left 2 of the girls in the party to handle the ordering of the food.  Can't remember what exactly came out, but we had various rolls which were all good, but....the one dish that I remembered the most was the Toro Tartar.  On my own I normally wouldn't bother ordering any sort of tartar, but this was fantastically delicious: cool, creamy, with a bit of texture from the rice puffs(?) used as garnish. Dinner was pricey but expected. I'd come back with the manfriend to try their happy hour in the bar area.
4	Excellent food. Fantastic service! Highlights of the meal: raw yellowtail with jalapenos, kobe sliders, and the crispy eel specialty roll.
3	Everything we ate was delicious, but with all high end sushi places, be prepared to feel robbed of a filling meal and your money. We had the Seared Fluke, Seared Albacore roll and the Citrus Peel Miso Cod. The Seared Fluke was a white fish served sashimi style. It looked really plain when served, but the soy salt was what gave it an interesting flavor because the soy sauce flavor was super concentrated. The seared albacore roll which had spicy tuna, shrimp tempera and avocado, was also tasty. The miso cod was probably our favorite out of the three. The cod itself was pretty light, but it was prepared with the skin still on which gave it flavor and a nice chewy texture.Food was really good and service was above par but portion-wise I'll have to pass on coming back. Granted, we should have ordered more food for three people but even if I had eaten those three dishes alone, I would have still been hungry. Our bill came out to roughly $90 and I just can't see myself throwing down $90 again to still be hungry afterwards.
5	I'm in love..... The spicy scallop hand roll was sooooo good! The edamame had just the right amount of salt, and the ramen was sooo good. The servers were sooooo attentive. Herman was our server. He made sure everything was good and was very friendly. It's expensive, but I would definitely come again because it's worth it. Oh yeah, and the water is good. It doesn't taste like tap! =)
4	Went here 09/19/11 for dinner with the significant other. Chris was our server (he was fantastic) This place is super romantic with beautiful decor. Soft shell crab roll (good stuff) & seaweed sesame salad (best I've ever had). ONE CANNOT GO HERE WITHOUT HAVING THEIR MUNCHIES FOR DESSERT (Spell check?) My fiance had the tiramasu flavored ones & loved them. I fell in love with the watermelon flavored ones. One star deducted due to location. VERY confusing. It is not inside Aria. It is inside the mall across from the Stella McCartney store.
1	Nice service and atmosphere, prices so extreme it would be better if I stood outside this place and offered them to punch me in the face and take half my money instead of dining here -  I would end up better off.
4	Really good sushi! Hell...really good everything!
4	Contemporary decor matched with diverse selection of  trendy, modern interpretations of Japanese food.  A great combination.The food is bold.  Flavors always pronounced.  No dish is overly delicate and it works perfectly in a social setting with good drinks and great friends.  It is a running theme at social house that you should be social.  Share your food.  Portions are large and with the exception of mains are plated to be shared.The cold starters are all very fresh.  Top props to the yellow tail. Each piece topped with a jalapeno slice, micro cilantro, a hint of garlic (garlic dust), and a tart but salty calamansi soy.  The subtle flavor of the fish is quickly lost but its texture is the perfect foil to the bold flavors.  The toro tartar is also worth a try.  Love the texture from the arare (Japanese rice crackers).The rock shrimp tempura starts the list of great hot dishes. Sweet shrimp surrounded by a fluffy yet crisp outside and served with a spicy ponzu dipping sauce.  Perfect with any drink.  The citrus peel miso cod in a lettuce cup is phenomenal.  Deeply infused miso flavor and a juicy peace of fish.  Add the sauteed foie to it and the richness will blow your mind.Sushi? The crispy eel, shrimp tempura, avocado, with a spicy aioli and teriyaki unagi sauce make for GREAT eats.Several visits and the food never disappoints.Service is very good and never intrusive.Although there is a good and fairly priced wine list,  its more fun sampling their cocktails and matching it with the food.Note: Sure you can dine here alone but that wouldn't that be antisocial?Recommended.
4	OMG - I thought I already wrote a review- but the damn App just holds it for later publication on the computer. Suffice it to say: Excellent - loved the whole experience and inventive dishes.There was ad odd smell to the restaurant that really changed the taste of the food - like wet, reused rags to wipe down the tables kind of smell. We had a show to get see and they were really helpful in getting some of the more complicated items through the kitchen and onto our table ASAP!!!!Kind of expensive - but hey, Las Vegas has changed a lot in the 30 (or so) years I've been going.Would I go back? If I had to, otherwise there are so many outstanding options in Vegas. However, if you haven't tried it I'd say DO IT!!!
4	This review is a few months late, but I was on a roll so I figured I'd pop in my two cents for Social House.  We came here for yet another Vegas birthday dinner and we were blown away with how amazing it was.  Our server was very helpful in recommending drinks and food and they really went all out to make sure our waters were never empty and that we were enjoying our food.  We ordered practically everything that was recommended -- an array of sushi and some appetizers and entrees -- and the only thing I can really think of that wasn't my favorite was the beef roll.  We even tacked on some extra food after we made our primary order just to try some other things because we were having such a great time.It was my friend's birthday and they came out with a special HUGE dessert for her that we all shared.  It was a chocolate cake with some vietnamese coffee ice cream and it was so delicious and so thoughtful of them to do.All in all, I'd definitely come back here again -- it's a little weird going to Crystals for a dinner, but definitely worth it!
4	This is now at Crystals. We are still talking about this meal-- days later.  We are everything we ordered family style and it was fantastic.  The highlights of the meal were the fresh ahi and hamachi sashimi, the cod lettuce wraps, the hamachi app with the fried jalapeno and the steak. Lowlights were the rolls.  A few of them were just plain not good; the others decent but not memorable. Service was great.    Prices were expensive (but this is Vegas).  Atmosphere was spot on.  Will be returning for sure.
5	Wow!  This place was so worth it.  Outside of LA, best ramen I have had, and that was unexpected for Vegas.  Or maybe I'm just going through ramen withdrawal.Anywho, Moscow Mule from the bar was also really good (considering most places can't make it or it just sucks).  Food was outstanding and service was great.  A little pricey but worth it.Dan, our waiter, was awesome in getting us really good food through recommendations or his thoughts on dishes, great service.
3	I went to Social House when it was still at Treasure Island!!! I went for my 21st birthday with a large group. Although I had made a reservation and specified the balcony, we still had to wait a good 15 minutes before a table was made available for us... so boo to that. One of my friends actually had a very stern chat with the GM since they were acting as if they weren't going to give it to us. Because we were a group of hot girls mostly (my bf at the time was with us) we were seated right next to the window on the balcony to watch the Pirate show. I loved that they did that for us since watching the show was awesome! The boat went right by us and we got to watch the show as we ate. Hot seamen 12 o'clock! For my first time in Vegas being of legal age to drink, this was definitely one of those experiences that left a lasting impression and fun memory.Social House itself is very overpriced, if you could not determine that form the menu yourself. Six dollars for a tiny cup of miso soup?! No. Just, no. I think I was alcohol poisoned by this point in time on my trip because I really couldn't eat anything. My stomach was hurting all throughout with a sharp intense stinging pain and I could barely move the entire weekend. I guess that's what I get for drinking excessive amounts of alcohol for 5 nights straight before heading to Vegas... whoops. Because of this, I only ordered a miso soup and 2 orders of sushi... one being salmon. It was good but not great. Certainly not worth the amount they charged.  If I wasn't paying for it I might have enjoyed it more haha. My friends all enjoyed their meals. I remember that people loved the black miso cod entree so I hope they still have this as an option at their new location at City Center.So yes, it was my birthday. I looked good (as you can see in my photo) and besides the small stint in the bathroom where my friend and I refunded our soup in the middle of dinner, I had a great time there. Ok so maybe that was TMI... but deal with it. You've read worse.I will miss this location.... if only for the TI pirate show and the beautiful gold box wall in the entrance- it was great to take pictures in front of! I look forward to one day trying out Social House at its new home but it will have to be for a special occasion. I don't like dropping money in Vegas for no reason.
5	omg so yummmm=p
3	Would be higher, but mistakes in the delivery of our order sent this lower.We'll start with service first.  The service was okay, not super attentive, but my issues fall more with the 'mistakes' that occurred.  My sister-in-law is a celiac and cannot have any gluten products (tempura, soy sauce, etc...).  This was communicated and understood by our server, but when the sushi was delivered all rolls we put on one plate, meaning tempura flakes and soy spreading between the rolls.  Which rendered half of her rolls inedible and we sent some back to be placed on different plates.  My friend also asked for a glass of ice which took two requests over 10 or so minutes to get.However, the only thing that keeps me from making this a 2 star item is that the food was very good.  Strangely, the appetizer type items were stronger than many of the rolls.  The two appetizers we had (Tuna Tataki and the Yellowtail) were both very good.  Of the rolls we ordered I would recommend the salmon mango, but the hamachi was disappointing.Overall... perhaps better with straight easy orders, but if you have any dietary restrictions or allergies, I would beware.
4	The HH helps to be able to afford this place. I liked the cheap beer, good food and the dark venue. The menu covers a variety of things; sashimi, rolls, ramen, salad, etc. If you go for HH, select items are a little bit less than half price! Seeing as how this place is in crystals right in city center, it is kind of in my "back yard." I will definitely be back to try more things!
5	We went here for Happy Hour and we had a great experience.  Very good sliders and drinks.  Great Vibe and fair prices for the quality.  We will defiantly come back.  Very good service too.
5	Best sushi in Vegas...let your waiter choose your sushi...they know whats best and the secret rolls! Everything tasted fresh and delicious.
4	Stopped by for dinner while visiting.The service was attentive. As expected, the food was pricey, but the sushi was tasty.
5	Location: inside the Crystals shopping centerAmbiance: Modern with Japanese touches - very Las VegasYUM: Yellowtail (crispy jalapeno, garlic dust, tiny cilantro, calimansi soy), Citrus Miso Cod Lettuce Cups, and Seared Albacore rollBottoms us: Saketinis, bottled Sake (sorry forgot the brand) Service: friendly and attentiveNotes: this place is beautiful and fun and they serve food to match. We asked our waiter what he recommeneded and ordered everything on his list. Everything was very flavorful and fresh. Yum Yum Yum! I cannot wait to go back!Eat it. Love it. Repeat.
5	Yum. Christmas day and the kids are off with the family.  We're itching for some good sushi, preferably near a nice casino for a full-fledged date night.  We decide on Social House since it's been forever since we've been to Aria.It was pretty empty and we were seated immediately.  Our waiter, Byron, was all-pro, offering us the "we'll take care of you" menu.  We told him some rolls, and we liked a little crispy, and he delivered:  a plate with four rolls- a something-something-lobster-avocado-something, one with something citrus-y (maybe lemongrass), one with avo and cream cheese, and the "angry tuna"- a spicy tuna with grilled onions followed by some crispy rice-spicy tuna bites.  All were exquisite, and some of the most complex sushi we've ever had.  Too many ingredients in each one for me to even remember what the main fish was.  He nailed it.It's a little spendy ($20+ a roll), but when you have that kind of meticulous detail and crazy complex combinations plus service that well-focused (plus it's at Aria on the Strip), it's totally worth it now and then.
5	Food was excellent! Great ambiance, good vibe. Pretty affordable food offset the ridiculously expensive sake.
4	This place is always solid. Shishito peppers on hit legit, Thai beef salad amazing and the o toro and chu toro are very nice as well. Never had a bad meal here been many times
4	LOVED the decor, ambiance, and service at Social House.(and big ups for being directly across from a Stella McCartney store too!)Prices were fair especially for being in Las Vegas and loved that they really push the concept of family-style sharing of plates so that everyone at our table of 9 could get a unique and interesting experience. I opted for the Social House salad (around $9) and the simple yet delicious vegetable roll ($7) along with a fabulous glass of Cabernet ($11). This spot accommodates larger dinner parties and was really easy to work with when we needed to bump our original 8pm dinner to 10pm. TIP: Order the seaweed salad .... scrumptious!
4	Stopped in here for happy hour one night after a business conference. Didn't get to take a peek at the main dining room but the lounge area at the front is pretty sweet! Super vibe with some nice, chill house music playing (loud enough to enjoy but not so loud one can't have a conversation). There's also a "peek-a-boo" effect between the lounge and the outside mall that's quite interesting.I also noticed separate from the main bar, a tea bar which is quite interesting. The happy hour deals were fairly reasonable (beer, wine, saki, and a few food items), and I'm not sure if they do it all the time but when I visited there was a special list of custom dishes created for those customers checking in on Foursquare.I highly recommend.
5	Great food and excellent service. I recommend heading in for happy hour (before 8pm) - half-priced drinks and some phenomenal specialty rolls.
4	Excellent quality sushi and sashimi.  I was a little disappointed in the mix of the specialty rolls which weren't really to my liking, but the sunomono salad, eel and hand roll i ordered was perfect.I sat at the bar, which seemed a bit undermanned with only 2 bartenders.
4	I'd definately come back next time I'm in Vegas. Sure, it is pricy, but it doesn't feel pretentious and it's relatively small space makes dinning feel more intimate than many Vegas-sized famous chef spots. Friendly and knowledgable staff combined with flavorful and filling rolls and nigiri. Wish we tried more of the specials because they looked amazing and the omakase made the table next to us coo like happy infants. Reservations a must. Early dinner will be more quiet than when the later (i.e. drunker) crowd shows up.
4	Was pleasantly surprised by this place.  And since I frequently stay in the Vdara suites, this spot will get more of my business to come (located in the Crystals mall of City Center).The good:Decor and ambianceFood - presentation, quality, taste and the modern spin on everythingCocktailsAttentive serviceTuna sashimi specialSalmon sashimi plateTuna tatake saladthe RodanThe bad:Can get really busy since it's not too largeNeutral:It's pricey for smaller portions.  But expected.SH Red champagne (edible flower in-glass was nice)Lobster rollCrispy Eel roll
1	The worse sushi we've ever had in our lives. Pretentious and syrupy service. Extremely over priced for tiny portions. When we complained that the sushi was horrible, the manager took away our food and brought us something else of his choosing. We don't even like spicy tuna and it was full of it. He said because some magazine said it was great, if we didn't like it then it must be us because it couldn't be them. How presumptuous! It was still nasty and he didn't even adjust our bill. We paid over $100 and left hungry because we never got to eat. I will NEVER go there again.
4	On entering the Crystals Mall I had the feeling of being transported to the future. The feeling was enhanced on entering  the Social House Restaurant. A beautiful decor, attentive service, and a pleasing  menu. I enjoyed the Kobe sliders and Kobe tacos.  I especially appreciated that this restaurant felt cozy, not overblown like some of the big name places in Vegas, yet still chic and truly gourmet food. I go to Vegas a lot, so I will go again!
5	It has been over a week since I ate here and I am ruined from all other food; nothing tastes good in comparison to what I ate at Social House!In all seriousness, it is one of the most delicious meals I have ever eaten, and I found the staff to be extremely attentive and helpful. I can't wait until the next time I am in Vegas so I can go back!
4	Came here for Happy Hour and it was great! $3 Blue Moons, an order of Mochi ice cream, a cute bartender, and college basketball on the tube :)The mochi flavors were really good- Butterscotch, Pistachio, Guava, and Coffee. We didn't eat dinner here but wouldn't mind coming back to try it out!
2	For the price we paid...I expected a lot more from the food. Shot...for $100 we could have had steak & lobster. Save your money and find another place for sushi. We've been to Vegas before and had BETTER sushi at other places. I'm sorry, but if your going to charge that kind of prices, then you better WOW me with the food. Neither of us thought it was all that great...the food that is. Nice place and all, but we stayed thinking that the food would be well worth the cost and checking the reviews on Yelp and Tripadvisor. Sorry, to say it just wasn't worth it to us.
5	Great
4	After reading numerous yelp reviews we decided to try Social House for one of our dinners on a recent trip to Vegas.  I was extremely impressed overall.Ambiance:This place absolutely nailed it when it comes to decor.  From the 15-20 ft wooden door in the entrance way to the dim lounge lighting throughout, it was the perfect retreat from the flashy lights of Vegas.  Service:Our waiter was extremely helpful.  We first asked for some recommendations for hot/cold sakes to choose from.  He asked what we liked and suggested particular sakes based on our feedback and desired price point.  Both our hot and cold selections were great and paired very well with the food.Food:At the end of the day, what really distinguishes a restaurant is the food they serve.  Some dishese were better than others, but overall, most dishes were had were incredible.  With a group of three we were able to order a pretty good cross section of the menu.  Yellowtail Jalapeno:  This was the BEST creative sashimi I've ever had.  Don't mistake this for traditional sashimi, because it is.  It's a modern take and extremely well done.  The yellowtail melted like butter, the jalapeno chip added the perfect hint of spice while providing a texture contrast, the cilantro provided the ideal freshness and the Calamansi soy provided the citrus to round everything out.  This was extremely balanced explosion of flavors without losing the fish.  Yelp needs a 6th star for this.Tuna Special:  This was also great, but after trying the yellowtail jalapeno first, it became an after thought.  Same great balance of flavors and textures.  4 starsRock Shrimp Tempura:  The rock shrimp had the lightest tempura batter on the outside while staying tender and succulent.  However, the breading could've used some flavor (a little bit of salt goes a long way).  Of the trio of dipping sauces, the spicy ponzu was by far my favorite.  3 starsCod Bibb Lettuce Cups:Our waiter was extremely accomadating as a normal order is 2 pieces.  He suggested adding a 3rd piece without us even bringing it up.  I had high expectations, maybe a little too high after reading various reviews.  The cod itself was cooked to perfection.  However, the whole thing just lacked flavor.  Maybe the addition of a sauce would've elevated this dish.  3 stars.Kobe Sliders:The Kobe sliders came on Hawaiian bread.  The burger was flavorful and the shoe string fries were good but lacked creativity.  All the flavors were what you'd expect in a Kobe burger.  3 stars.Kalbi Beef Roll:Good god this was good.  I love a good kalbi, but so many places over cook the short rib and it becomes stringy.  This is how kalbi should be done!  The texture of the beef was unctuous (in the best possible way) while the flavor was deep and full.  Of all the sushi I've had in my time, this was hands down the best non-traditional sushi roll I've had.  I could've eaten 3 rolls of these and been perfectly content.  Just like the yellowtail, this goes beyond 5 star territory.Seared Albacore:This was also amazing, but like the tuna special sashimi, it was overshadowed by the Kalbi roll.  The flavors and textures all complimented each bite.  4 stars.  Overall, I'm really glad we were able to stop in.  Prices are expensive but reasonable for Vegas.  Social House provides far more value than some other restaurants on the strip.  This has become a staple in my Vegas restaurant rotation!
4	shHH don't tell anyone about the happy hour!Sushi is expensive. Sushi in Vegas can get very expensive. But thanks to Social House's happy hour that landed on my typical dinner hour, I highly recommend this place! If you're here during the happy hour (5-8pm?) get the edamame, ramen, salmon sushi roll, and wine/blue moon. Don't even bother looking at the dinner menu. I tried the toro sashimi ($25/4 pieces), not worth it. I had better toro. As for seared albacore - nothing special about it.Exceptional service - 5 stars!Social House, I shall be back!
5	Such an amazing ambiance! If you're craving sushi in Vegas, this is the place you should go to! Great date spot as well. Romantic & impressive!
4	First off, thanks to all the Yelpers whose reviews guided us to this place while in Vegas. Upon entering, the classy, lounge-like ambiance will attract the eye; sitting at a booth will further the sentiment as you cozy in and enjoy the superb music selection. As for the food, outstanding to say the least. The waiter, who was friendly, attentive and gregarious, recommended the spicy peppers as an appetizer (and as an alternative to edamame) and they were delicious. The buttery sauce meshed well with the semi-spicy chilies and made for a light, not-so-filling starter.We followed with the BBQ eel (grilled maybe, I forget) and the lobster tempura, both of which had a distinct and delectable taste. In general, I enjoy sushi that has some sort of sauce drizzled over it, and both of these had a spicy one, which I appreciated. Dessert followed, and we went for the lava cake with Kenyan coffee to accompany it. Good combination and a great finish to an outstanding meal. I also had and would recommend the cachaca drink after dinner, it was somewhat like a White Russian but with the distinct taste that cachaca offers. Overall, this was an outstanding meal and a great way to splurge in Vegas and not be disappointed. Meal for two with tip cost $180, which was well worth it for the combination of ambiance, service, food and drink.
5	It use to be that when I have my annual vacation to Vegas with either my girlfriends or husband, Koi was the place to go to get my sushi needs. Ever since I went to Social House, I certainly changed my mind about going to Koi again!  My girl friend and I went to Social House last Saturday a little before 5, before the restaurant opened for dinner.  The host was very friendly and informed us that the restaurant was not opened for dinner yet.  My girl friend and I each had a a cocktail while we waited.  Wow! I loved their "Socialite" cocktail and my girlfriend was amazed by their "lycheetini".  Both drinks were incredible!! This definitely gave us a boost of confidence about the meal we were about to have. When it was time for dinner we picked a bottle of sparkling sake called "hana awaka"....it was sincerely the best sparkling sake we've ever had.  It was a little pricey (then again, what's not pricey in Vegas?) but it was definitely an amazing experience to try something new! The food, oh the food was just so incredible.  My favorites were hamachi jalapeno, hamachi tartar, miso cod lettuce cups, and uni.  All of the dishes have nice portion since it's meant to be shared, which I thought was a great concept!  The food was just so fresh and nicely flavored we actually ordered some dishes again!  My girl friend and I were definitely in sushi heaven.  Everyone in the restaurant were extremely friendly and seemed genuinely happy to be working there.  The manager came to ask us twice to see if we were satisfied with the food and if we were having a good time.  My water never went below half empty as the water and busboy constantly refills it as soon as I drank some.  For someone who drinks a lot of water with my meal and so I'm constantly asking for more water, this is a huge plus for me.   The ambiance was amazing.  We enjoyed the trendy music but it was not too loud we couldn't hear our own conversation. Overall, we had an incredible experience dining at social house.  It was such a fantastic meal my girl friend and I were still talking about it half an house after we walked out of the restaurant!  This is definitely one place we have to visit every time we go to Vegas!
3	Prices (especially during happy hour) are better than average for Vegas, food is OK, neither the best nor the worst sushi I had.  Service (at the bar) was outstanding.
5	I really loved this place. I checked out the yelp reviews to find out that this might be the best sushi place on the strip.Their menu was really creative and got away from the regulars cut rolls, hand rolls, sashimi, and nigiri.  My girlfriend and I shared some Modern Sashimi (Tuna Special) and a specialty (Seared Albacore) rolls which were just amazing. Quality of fish just blew my mind. My buddy got the kobe beef sliders and when I had a bite, it just melted in my mouth.On top of that, the place looked cool, had perfect service, and most importantly, had incredibly good fish.
4	I came here during a busy night and I do recommend getting recommendations since this is a place where parties tend to linger and drink.  I had two rolls the Kalbi Beef and Seared Albacore both of which were tasty but the Kalbi won out since it's not often I eat beef in a roll but I think the Kochuchang sauce really pulled it all together.  This place has a full bar and great sake menu.  It has great intimate lighting and can be loud but that helps keeps the conversation intimate and not have to listen to anyone else.  I've had a sit down dinner and spent time at the bar with friends and enjoyed both, if you're in Crystals and want a fun place this is a great stop while window shopping.
4	The sashimi was excellent, but the entree dishes were just average.  Overall small space, dark lighting, trendy vibe
4	We came here as we had a connection who set our group up with a last minute reservation. Well, we showed up at 8pm on a Saturday night and there was no reservation in our name - not sure who's fault that is though. So luckily there was a table set up in their bar area and we were able to squeeze our group of 5.Service was a bit random, our waitress was pretty weird and would start a conversation and then just walk away. When asked what she recommended, she didn't have much to say. My friend waited at least 5 minutes to get her attention to get some soy sauce - he had just ordered sushi so it was a bit awkward for him to wait while we started eating.The food was pretty solid though - we got the edamame, the potstickers which were good and the tempura veggies, also good. I got the ribeye steak. it was a lot of meat and properly cooked, but I should have noted that it was going to be drenched in teryaki sauce. The shoestring potatoes were just sprinkled over the top (they're not like french fries). The others at my table seemed to enjoy their food as well, getting the short ribs, the miso cod, the tuna pizza and sushi.The food was pretty solid, but the service was definitely a bit off.
4	I came here for a birthday dinner. I have seen this place several times during my stays in Vegas. Each time something came up and I was unable to try them out. Well not this time. The Social House does not disappoint. Keep in mind that you are not going here to gorge yourself to death. More specifically you are coming here to come out of your comfort zone and give your taste buds a work out. I had some sashimi that was absolutely amazing. I will dream about it, I will crave it. I even had raw salmon and LOVED IT.I also had the thai beef lettuce wraps. I would probably not order them again, but they were good. I ended with coconut donuts holes. I pretty much despise coconut, specifically that banana boat tasting fake coconut taste. This did not have that taste. In addition the ball was crunchy on the outside and warm soft goodness in the middle. A fantastic way to end the dinner. Also, they DO HAVE Kaliber (I know such a whatever to be in Vegas and not drinking...I think it is more of a whatever to be offered O'duals everywhere I go). Huge plus in my book.The atmosphere is nice with dark woods and interesting decor with straight lines and low lighting.I would for sure come back here. I would probably not leave it up to the server to pick stuff out for me (now that I have a better understanding of menu).Lastly, this place is EXPENSIVE...about a hundred bucks a person if you are really going to go for it. Yes you can do it for cheaper than that, but I guess you get what you pay for.
4	The staff and ambiance was nice. It has more of a lounge feel to the place. The food was good, but they do not have a large sushi/Japanese menu. It's a mixture of Asian dishes including Filipino which was pretty cool and rare in oriental restaurants. My friend and I had the Angry Tuna Roll, something similar to ahi tuna tartar (I forgot the name), and crispy pata (the Filipino dish). You know what was weird though? Rice did not come with the Crispy Pata which is a pork dish! I know some high end places probably don't serve complimentary rice, but come on now.I would come back to try other things. Oh yeah and 3 of those dishes came out to be $30/person for two people including tax and gratuity.
5	I will always go here when I'm in Vegas. The service was excellent. The ambiance was excellent. The best miso soup I've had. I ordered that, the salad, and some tofu dish. All very good and nicely presented. Once inside the restaurant, you completely forget you're in a mall.I went with my sister and her friend. We split the Godzilla drink ($60....but I won $250 on $20 for a royal straight flush earlier in the night, so who cares?). It was so tasty- and HUGE. It comes in a beautiful bowl that has a light in the middle of it...and changes colors as the drink is poured in, and as you drink it. So fun. Excellent quality in every way for the strip. If you go, you will be a fan.
5	This lovely establishment is located inside the Crystals Mall - with a sexy hip kind of feel.  The bar is inviting and the food is great.  To start - it was Happy Hour - yes Happy Hour on the strip in Las Vegas - WOW! That just happened.  So I stroll in and order amazing Sakitini's and followed by cold sake - which was on happy hour for an amazing price.  Let me first tell you all about the Angry Tuna Roll.  First I hate Las Vegas, and I only go when I have a convention and I always come back sick!  So naturally I am a little angry while being there.  So when I saw Angry Tuna Roll - it became an instant HIT!  The flavor was amazing, tuna prepared perfectly and the avocado was still cold, even though this roll was fried.  The spice from the jalapeno and sweet sauce on top was amazing.  A great mixture of sweet and spice. Then I ordered some Miso Ramen, which seems simple enough.  They flavored it perfectly, added vegetables and a poached egg, which made the flavor more intense with the yoke.  They really made the poached egg perfectly, which is no easy task. In addition to great food, the service was outstanding.  As it turns out a new guy waited on us the first time and he had the most amazing energy and the next day I came back to dine again and to compliment the guy from the previous day.  I found out he was new, and he just had passion and drive.  Something so many restaurants lack on the Strip of Vegas.
4	Salmon tartar best I've ever had. We had a variety of rolls, all were good. The angry tuna roll stood out as super tasty.
5	Went here on a Sunday night with the boyfriend after a long wild Las Vegas weekend. We wanted somewhere to eat that was quick, great ambiance, wonderful service and bomb!!! food. Social House was all of the above. We ate the tomato cream cheese roll, scallops dipped in miso sauce, kobe beef rolls and some great dessert! COme here yes!!
4	This is a real nice place. It has the atmosphere, the classy setting, and a hint of contemporary design.The price here is a little high, but you do get what you pay for. One thing you want to consider before you go to this restaurant is that this is not a authentic and traditional Japanese restaurant. This is a contemporary style Japanese food with american influence.I would love to go back here again, but I don't think I'll be able to afford this kind of restaurant very often.
3	Nothing's bad at this place, but nothing's spectacular. Ambiance was nice. Great place for a group gathering.
4	Went here with a visiting friend from California and we had an amazing time. It was happy hour. Just to let you know "Happy Hour" is only in front and not in the formal sitting area. We ordered 4 orders of the Ahi Sushi which was fantastic and highly recommended. My friend ordered Teriyaki which was just ok. I ordered a Ramen dish which was not exciting. The wine list was pretty good. Service was great. The location is nice because you can take a walk to the strip pretty easy from the restaurant.
4	A (relatively) small restaurant inside the Crystals mall, this is a little Japanese gem. It's classy and tasty, not over the top and massive like many other spots in Vegas. It has an intimate and higher end feel. Specialty cocktails have a nice mix of flavors from sweet to spicy. The sake flight can introduce the novice or experienced taster to new kinds. Service was excellent yet understated.
5	Daniel son was our waiter and he was AMAZING! Came here on our anniversary dinner with a 7:30 reservation and was seated promptly! It was a Friday night and the place was dead......until 8:30! Jam packed and buzzing with bachelor/bachelorette parties and large groups eating before they start their night? My husband and I had a great cozy booth, and even though Daniel was busy he was totally on top of our needs. He spent a ton of time at our table talking about different sushi, beers, and chef specialties! We had amazing sushi! Good drinks and even better people watching! Kinda pricey but good fresh fish which is always key for me! Ohhhh the cold sake was the best ever. I don't remember the name but it came in a cute little jar with a cut out for ice and cute little sake glasses! I was going to order hot sake and Daniel suggested cold so we went for it and it was delicious! Daniel had some funny theory on why not to get hot sake......we were sent out an anniversary dessert which was yummy and unexpected! Thank you social house for a great dinner!
1	Another harsh review from yours truly. I've been wanting to scratch this place off my list for awhile now. It literally makes me sick thinking about it. I'll make this short. Expensive and I left unamused. It's a trendy spot that's all name no game. Design and vibe was nice, similar to a lounge or night club. Decorated in a dark setting. Service was good-they were on top of constantly checking up on us...a little too much to the point where they might as well sat with us since they heard our whole conversation during lunch. Food was so blah. No winner winner here. Still trying to forget what I ate. Th seafood soup tasted like they made it 2 days ago. Yellow tail was great and fresh (i think the only fresh seafood they had). Chicken teriyaki bowl seemed like a frozen premade bowl from Costco. I don't get the hype ???Maybe they just don't have great sushi places in Vegas.Will not go back.
3	not bad. a frills kind of place.good for: intimate dates, talking, business, impressing. kind of a lounge vibe, dim lighting, cushy booths.food: standard quality, cool presentation. my person tried salmon skin here for the first time and got HOOKED = more sushi time for me. oh yee
4	Cool experience.  This place is good for dates.  Nice ambiance and the food is pretty good.  The portions are tiny though so be prepared to have a fat bill from ordering multiple items.  Tried salmon skin hand roll here for the first time and I've been hooked ever since.
5	Best sushi I have ever had. I'll be going back.
5	If you haven't tried Social House, you haven't tried sushi. Best. Sushi. Ever. It looked like each piece of sushi was prepared delicately and diligently. The atmosphere is good. Very upscale and dim. The customer service was wonderful. The guy kept refilling my glass when it was barely half empty (which isn't a bad thing at all). Although it is very, very expensive. About a hundred per person if you want to eat until you're full. I would recommend this place for a special occasion.
5	The tasting menu was good, the service was good but the homemade mochi balls for dessert was the icing on the cake
3	Good sushi not the best...I would actually give it 3.5 stars not 3. Decor was nice. The waiter was good. He gave us a good Sake suggestion.We started our meal with the Tuna Tataki Salad. Very tasty. But not worth the $22.Also had the Seafood Soup which did hit the spot. Continued our meal with two rolls the Angry Tuna Roll - which I expected to have some kick since it was called "Angry" and had Jalapeno, it was good nothing too memorable. We then had the Salmon Avocado roll - again good but not great.For dessert we had the YUZU FRANGIPANE - not impressed either.Overall it was a GOOD restaurant but nothing more.Definitely too pricey for the amount, quality and portions of food.
4	Good food. Good service.
3	We dined at Social on a Friday night, about 8pm.The far was pretty good and prepared well. The wait staff a bit to casual for my tastes, but did thier job well and were polite. The flank steak salad is great, I wanted to order 2 more plates of it.The wine list was weak, and the whole place felt a bit like a chain rest.I wuld suggest sitting in the front room, or at the bar for a more cool eperience.
4	Location inside a mall - minus one star.  Yes, it's a fancy mall, but it's still a mall, and it's annoying to walk through a closed mall to get to a restaurant.  The atmosphere inside the restaurant is dark and swanky, while you're inside you forget you're in a mall...but then you have to leave and walk past all those closed shops again.  Anyway...beside the location I loved this place. I was totally happy with my meal.  I Loved (with a capital L) the Angry Tuna Roll!  So much in fact, that I ate one, then ordered another one.  I tried the Tomato Roll as well, but it was too sweet tasting for me. Our server was super friendly and didn't mind that we split checks between 6 people.
2	Went to Social House on a Sunday night with a co-worker while at a trade show. The ambiance was pretty hip, definitely a positive for the restaurant (very surprising considering Social House is located inside a mall!) For an appetizer, we ordered edamame and they had a unique way of serving it because half was salted, but the other half had a delicious chili (non-spicy) sauce. Very nice!For our main courses, we ordered these sushi rolls:- Angry Tuna - Hamachimi roll - Tempua Lobster- Seared Alabacore- Spider rollThe Angry Tuna was definitely the best and the others were good (not great). For the price points ($20 per roll) I was expecting more. If you're REALLY looking for a cool ambiance and some delicious edamame, this is your place. However I think you can probably find better sushi for WAY less money elsewhere.
5	This was my first time visiting the Social House.  We were looking for a sushi place, and the sushi restaurant at the Cosmopolitan (where we were staying) wasn't open until 5:30PM, so I searched for another place and Social House came up right across the street, so we figured we would check it out.  I reserved a table for four on open table.com, which was incredibly easy to do from the yelp.com app on my phone.  Once we arrived, we were seated promptly.  We must have arrived at the perfect time, because the chefs were literally just starting to cut up the fish, so everything was SUPER fresh.  The staff was friendly and respectful.  The only set back was that the food took a little while to come out and our food all came out at different times, which may have been because they were still cutting up the fish, but I'm not sure.  Either way, I would definitely visit this place again.  The decor was dim and romantic, but not too "date-night" for a group of friends.
3	Nice decor and super nice wait staff but a bit over priced.Appetizers  and roll dishes were good as expected but we were pleasantly surprised by how good Kobe slider was.
4	Get the Kobe Beef Sliders- they melt in your mouth! (and not your hands).This was a wonderful meal, our waitress was so nice, and at one point she informed us she was born in '74, holy shit the lady aged well! There was 3 of us and we got 50% off our meal, and our bill was still over $150.00 so keep that in mind. Desserts were just meh, Id pass on them next time.
4	Good Sushi! Order the Angry Tuna, by far the tastiest thing on the menu. The Kobe Beef sliders are also tasty.
5	I believe that good ramen can cure most any non-communicable disease related ailments, and great ramen can entirely change your day. The bowl I had at Social House lies somewhere in between, but considering it's found in a strange land where such simple pleasures are hard to find I found it worthy of extremely high praise. I cannot say that I tried any other dishes here, as unfortunately on the day I visited they weren't offering the lunch special that's available during the week which includes 2 other courses in addition to the ramen, however, this one bowl was enough for me to lock Social House in as a regular stop when visiting Vegas.My service was also exemplary here, which isn't an easy task considering I sat at the bar and only had one item to eat, but Jonah managed to do his best to keep me from dozing off and winding up with noodles on my face at 1 in the afternoon. Yeah, long night watching the sun come up, although thankfully I wasn't stuck out at the Vegas Motor Speedway like my friends who attended that night's EDC event, which was shut down due to wind, trapping everyone in an ecstasy induced frenzy for a few hours. From what I heard though the Steve Aoki protest set was pretty memorable and well worth the headaches. Jonah seemed to know all the blondes who looked like they had just left a "Peepshow" audition by name and typical menu orders as they strolled in, so clearly the guy is doing something right.But, back to the ramen. It's about $17 for a bowl with pork belly and tonkatsu broth, and I think slightly cheaper if you want the seafood or miso versions...pricey, but what here isn't? I definitely recommend the pork belly though, even if you're vegetarian, because it's Vegas and whatnot, so if you can cheat on your husband you can cheat on your diet (and it might help take your mind off all the meat you had in your face at Thunder Down Under, which you just know your "best friend" Orphelium has photos of and will be eagerly awaiting the next time you forget to return her organic sewing kit to accidentally break them out in front of Thadly). The pork in this bowl is quite plentiful (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4hG2j_ibsNblDgqei05U_g?select=nHoa4e7h9Fe8ocEHkMI44w#-PhxZpR8PqXM_IFuzOupXg), and after a minute or two of soaking in the steaming broth it's extremely delicate and easy to dice up with your chop sticks. The broth itself has a good bit of depth as well, but I highly recommend dumping the entire side portion of pepper and spices and crispy garlic in for added flavor. By the time I got to the bottom of the bowl there was a really nice subtle burn going on in my mouth, exactly the thing I needed to get the day started in the right direction.The setting here is pretty sexy (it's located inside the super luxurious Crystals mall), in a bold and brooding teahouse sort of way, and while those ideas may seem rather juxtaposed, I promise it works. I would love to return to Social House for a full course dinner meal, if this ramen is any indication, but for the time being I'm content in knowing I found what is likely one of the only places, and quite possibly the best, to offer up one of my favorite post-drinking-night cravings.
4	It was 10pm on a Friday night, NEEDED to eat sushi and didn't want to travel off the strip to get it.  So Social House it is.  Warning:  If you are a big eater, you will need to spend a fortune to get full!With that said, we ordered: Crispy Pata, Angry Tuna, Teriyaki Veg, Deep fried Tofu, Salmon Sashimi, Veggie roll.  Everything was delicious!  Service is really friendly with out being cheesy.  Being Filipinos, of course the Crispy Pata could of used more pork skin on it but oh well, we are in Vegas and not everyone appreciates pork skin like we do.Honestly, I was stuffed by the end of our meal, no room for desert. Shucks!!
3	When I think sushi, I think all different kinds of fish & toppings. The sushi I ordered at social house- salmon roll and spicy tuna roll were like rolls you can go to the local supermarket and buy. (I, personally would never do that) They were good, but they were so plain and boring. For the price of each roll- you think they would have been spectacular, especially since they are on the menu under "specialty rolls" when there was nothing special about them. I got the lunch combo for $20. Salad to start off with, it was good. Dressing was good. Second part was the seafood ramen soup. This was interesting. I am a big seafood fan, so I liked it just fine. It had the weird imitation fish floating flower shaped spongy things in it. Never eat those anyways. It had clams, shrimp, mushrooms, ramen noodles, and they give you a side of two different spices one was red and one was a  yellow black color. Didn't know what either of them were, I just tried them on my finger and then dumped them in. I liked the soup. I would order it again if I got the lunch deal. Lastly I got salmon sushi. Plain. Meh. Have had better in little ol' Redding, CA. I had to order an additional roll because I knew I wouldn't be full from the small portions of the lunch special. However, the soup was not small. It was in a rather large bowl with a lot of noodles. (still ate it all)Husband ordered the $20 lunch special as well, got a spicy tuna roll, deep fried shrimp/veggie tempura, and miso soup. He also ordered an additional spicy tuna roll. He tried a wasabi bloody mary. THAT was interesting. He loves wasabi, so he liked it. I hate wasabi so no thank you. I think it was a $15 tall skinny cup dinky drink. A little while after drinking it he said it gave him an upset stomach. It was probably 90% tomato juice aka bloody mary mix 5% wasabi & 5% alcohol.. (another guy in our group ordered it and said it gave him an upset stomach as well) :-P yuck, IMO.The decor inside was really nice and pleasing to the eyes. The lighting was dark. It was cool and relaxing with music playing low in the background, almost too romantic for our loud group of friends. They were very friendly, didn't take very long for us to get food and the service was good.We ended up spending about 86$ between the two of us. Not including tip. We left $100 bill. IMO that was way overpriced for the stomach ache drink and the boring sushi. I don't even recall if I ordered a drink. I wouldn't seek out this restaurant again just because I like colorful, flavorful sushi. I had to ask for a side of Sriracha to go with my sushi because it was boring. It's not that it was bad by any means, but if you like boring sushi or California rolls (basically the same thing), this place could be for you!
3	I came here while staying at Aria for the happy hour 5-8pm. I sat at the bar and had the ramen and added the egg and pork belly. I also had a hotate/scallop sushi and the salmon avocado roll. If I was only rating the ramen i'd give it 4 stars. It was a good portion, (I didn't finish my roll) and the egg was perfectly poached and was a great added flavor and texture to the dish. The pork belly appeared sparing but was actually a perfect sized portion for the bowl. The scallop sushi was a disappointment. I wanted a chopped spicy scalloped, and thought that is what I asked for when I ordered and asked the bartender about it but when it arrived it was a scallop split in half over rice with the dab of wasabi on the rice. The scallop was okay, I was expecting it to at least have a sweetness to it but it wasnt. The roll was not worth it's price. For a happy hour i would say the price/portion size was disaapointing. Best things were the ramen and my $3 blue moon. Atmosphere is nice dark woods and reds, good sized bar and lounge area. I think I would have been better off skipping the roll and scallop and just ordering a specialty sushi appetizer. I'm tired of the yellow tail jalapeno pairings though.
4	A bit torn on this review....  approx 3.5 to 4 starsSocial House is a surprisingly hipster place in the Crystals Mall with high-quality stylish food and good saki.  But, service was a bit odd.  It was late in their dinner cycle when they accepted our dinner reservation.  Yet, it seemed they wanted to rush us out.  The timing seemed off as many items took far too a long to arrive while other items arrived super quickly.Food = 4.5 starsService = 3 starsAmbiance:* Upfront by bar = 5 stars* In the dark back of restaurant = 2.5 starsStory...We made reservations for 9:30p.  Arrived at 9:32p.  Yet, it look a very long time to seat us and it wasn't that crowded.  We asked if we could sit at the very stylish bar, but they opted to put us all way in the far back room at hugely wide table that made conversation difficult within our group and with the server.While the food was pricy, it was super tasty.  Everything was of very high quality, including the rice, which was perfect - flavorful and not too starchy.  Yellowtail Jalapeno Sashimi - 5 stars ($22)OUTSTANDING!  Amazing subtle flavors.  Would order another again in a heartbeat.Spicy Tuna Roll - 5 stars ($13)Awesome combinations of flavors!  One of THE best we've ever had.Hamachi Yellowtail NIGIRI - 4 stars ($12)Very good.  Super tender, but with solid textureSake Salmon NIGIRI - 4 stars ($12)Creamy texture with good salmon flavorSalmon Mango Roll- 5  stars ($22)WOW!  Wonderful flavors and textures with a sweetness almost akin to dessert.We might go back, but there are many so other sushi restaurants to try here in Vegas first.
5	I eat sushi about twice a month locally. We went to vegas on a business trip and decided to try culinary art sushi and selected The Social House. I can't believe how insanely good sushi can get. Every dish was very, very good. The sushimi was super fresh. The saki's are blowout good too. Happy camper.
5	5 stars, because not only does it serve kickass food, but also because you don't feel ripped off like every other restaurant in Vegas. This rating is for their "Social Hour," which is their happy hour from 5-8. I'm a huge noodle soup fan, in fact it's one of my favorite foods, and strangely enough, Ramen is not in that group. I've never had a Ramen soup I've really liked, and this includes the famous and much hyped Momofuku Noodle bar in NYC. I've tried Ramen everywhere, and just about gave up when I thought the Ramen at Momofuku blew.  Alas, the "social" hour at Social House had great prices and I read great things about their Ramen. So I thought, what do I have to lose, it was a very reasonable price and many others said it was very good. So I went with the pork belly and poached egg, and damn it was the best Ramen I've ever had! It wasn't bland like most Ramen soups, it was very flavorful, and the pork belly was seared just right and had a good amount of meat (unlike most Ramen noodles). The poached egg was also perfectly cooked. While most Ramen is bland, this one had a delicate balance of flavor, meat, noodles, and broth, what supposedly Ramen should be. The harmony created one hell of a noodle soup dish. Everything else I got was also good, the kobe sliders were good (came with fries too!), angry tuna roll was good, the salmon avocado rolls were good, there was really only one meh item and that was the Kalbi rolls. Everything else was delicious. The reason why I was able to try all of those dishes was because of the happy hour prices, it was very reasonable. I expected it to be little portions, but they were actually big portions and I shared them with my brother. Another big plus were the bartenders, big ups to them, they were some of the coolest and friendliest bartenders I have ever met. They were very friendly and talkative, the type that made you feel good on your vacation/trip. Thanks to them for making the experience at Social House even better. I rarely ever, EVER, eat at the same place on two consecutive days, especially on a trip. This place I had to just because of the great food, great prices, and very friendly bartenders. I even recruited some others to go. That's just how great this place is. I was very pleasantly surprised to find this place on The Strip, in Crystal Malls no less, since everything there was very expensive. Even the drinks were at a great price, it was $3 for a blue moon. You can't go wrong at this place, it nails everything you want when you go out to eat which is really rare: great food, great prices, and friendly service.
5	Two years later, and Social House is still one of the best places to have Japanese on the strip.  Amazing customer service, delicious food, reasonably priced, and great atmosphere.  Still in my top 5 of places to eat when in Las Vegas.
5	So we were here on Wednesday, the 4th.  First of all, the service was totally awesome!!!  Very attentive and gave some great suggestions on the food.The drinks were even better....great place, great atmosphere
5	This place is great!Our promoter was able to get 12 of my girls comped for a 7 course meal, and so we went!Our hostess sat us down upon seconds of arrival and that's always a plus.  There was then some trouble and miscommunication with our dinner getting comped, but after everything was settled, we started our meal.  However, I would like to add that the management was very professional and nice at all times.  Usually other places would give you attitude and etc and would make you feel unwelcomed, but this place did no such thing.We started off with edamame.  The edamame in chilli sauce was different!  But a good different!  Followed by the salad which was lightly dressed and decent, nothing too out of the normal.  The third dish were these beef tacos.  This was my ABSOLUTE favorite!  It wasn't a normal hard shell, and everything just came together nicely!  Great flavor and texture made it all that much better.  The sushi rolls were forgettable (california roll, tuna roll and salmon roll).  The dessert was pretty good.  The biscotti over the mango pudding was made perfectly and the mochi icecream (well let's just say I had better from a box).  I just LOVE this place and  will come back for sure next time I'm in Vegas!
4	Came here for dinner and the only time we could get was 9:45 on a saturday night (my fault for not planning ahead for a party of 9). We were slightly irked because there was some miscommunication when I called to make my reservation (apparently they wrote down 4 instead of 9) so we had to wait another 30 minutes :( I couldn't really get mad though, the staff was really nice and friendly and they apologized for the misunderstanding.Everyone in my party really enjoyed what they ate, particularly anything with Kobe beef in it haha. The kobe beef sliders were delicious!! And they make a killer cup of coffee too (although the price will kill your wallet too... $15 YIKES).All in all I think its a wonderful ambiance although kind of loud. Good food and their drinks looked good too!
5	While in Las Vegas for my brother's bachelor party, we were waited on by Byron in the private dining room.  Absolutely, without a doubt, in the top 3 best meals I've ever had in my entire life.  Ever ever.  Course after course of fresh sashimi, with some kobe beef sliders at the end.  Words cannot describe how incredible this meal was, and I have recommended Social House to every friend of mine going to Las Vegas since.In a town chock full of incredible restaurants, this one really stands alone.
5	Great Japanese and Sushi! Must try... the short rib and the crispy pata!Beautiful decor
4	Been looking on yelp to find a decent Japanese restaurant in the strip and came across Social HouseNeedless to say my experience was very intersting there, Went with a big party. Mind you it was my best friends birthday, who is japanese, and it was a friends and family dinner. The waiter passed out the menu and then gave us a 30min lecture on the menu. I was way more confused about the menu after the lecture than I was before he blabbed on about the menu itemsI Also he kept of saying Social House is very non traditional and that all the traditional stuff on the menu is boring and not to order it. Dude half of the people at this table is Japanese and they pretty much took offense to that. In their defense I would have taken offense to it as well if I were Japanese.  Also he was talking to us as if we were trying Japanese food for the first time. He was trying to explain to us that edamame was soybeans. SERIOUSLY!! HE was a very annoying waiter if you can't tell. Totally had to dock a star for that.On to a brighter note. The food was delicious. We ordered edamame, yellowtail sashimi, tuna sashini, soft shell crab, popcorn shrimp, kobe tacos, lettuce cups, rolls and the scallops. Sashimi:Both of the sashimis were delicious. I would highly recommend both the yellowtail and the tuna. However I liked the TUNA ALOT!!!!!! The different sauces and flavors were just amazing. I would definitely go back to eat the tuna again. Popcorn shrimp:BOMB!!! Came with these amazing suaces. There was one that was really spciy and delicious. I would highly recommend this as well. Lettuce cups:SO GOOD!! A bib lettuce with a piece of miso cod. Filled with so much flavor and deliciousness.I would highly recommend the three dished above. The atmosphere is very trendy. I felt like I was in a Giesha House but in Las Vegas, but with better food. It is definitely worth trying out.good eats :)
5	This review is specifically about their awesome coffee bar. If you appreciate good coffe then you have to stop here. Jonah is the coffee sommelier. He hand picks the beans from free trade, organic suppliers and cooks up the ground beans in beakers - yep just like in high school chemistry. This process preserves the full flavor of the beans giving you a full bodied, low tannin, super flavorful cup. Incredible experience and flavor. You have to try it.
4	Very chic decor, great location and service.Went there for lunch.  Although they have prix fixe menu for $20, a few good main course items require additional charges.   The ramen and rice with beef steak were great while the soup, salad and sushi rolls are soso.Since it is so hard to find restaurants on the strip open for lunch, i recommend this one for quick lunch and delicious cocktails.
2	As I found over and over in Vegas, you don't get a lot for your money. And sushi in the desert is... questionable. The sushi was fine. There was nothing wrong with it. But frankly it was unremarkable and extremely expensive. I mean really expensive! I had one glass of wine, and split 2 rolls, a couple of pieces of sashimi and some waaaaay over-salted vegetable tempura with my friend, and we each had to dish out $45. I mean, that is absolutely insane. For mediocre food and hardly any of it, I was kind of choked. The ambiance was ok. Trendy and contemporary. Relatively convenient location as well.But meh, I'd say don't bother. If you're going to spend that kind of money, I bet you could find some killer food in Vegas that would be way more worth it.
2	Came here on Sunday night and the place was dead. The sushi was average. Our waitress whose name starts with Aa... Did not look like she wanted to work there. We asked her about some items we saw from yelp and she looked annoyed bc it was on the lunch menu... Acted like she was busy when the damn restaurant was pretty empty. She poured our Saki which overflowed a lot, and did not even wipe the damn table. The 4 stars on yelped def fooled us.
4	Had a wonderful dinner here with some friends on our last night in Vegas. The Social House is located inside the posh Crystals City Center mall on the Strip, and there was more than enough class and sass (and a little bit of poser trash) present during our dinner. The interior was absolutely gorgeous, with creative chandelier fixtures and beautiful wall art. Their dishes are meant to be shared, but I had a couple of dishes that I definitely wanted to keep to myself...they were just that good. First, I had some lovely Classic Cucumber Saketini. It was great; not too sweet, and absolutely refreshing. I chose a couple of small plates, including the salmon tartare, crispy tofu, and kobe sushi. They were all quite delicious, although my absolute favorite was the tartare. It was just so fresh, and well-seasoned, and my mouth is watering just thinking about it. There are a lot of upscale dining experiences in Las Vegas, and even more "bang for your buck" restaurants that can make one's head explode. This is definitely the former, and a estimable option at that.
5	5 stars across the board . . . My 5-star reviews are few and far between these days, particularly because many of the restaurants I've visited in the past few months have missed the mark in some way or another.  Social House provided that rare experience that combines the best of ambiance, food and service. The modern restaurant is visually stunning from the moment you first walk into the lounge area and then sashay up to the host table. We had made a last minute Open Table reservation on a Friday night, and we were seated as soon as we came in. I loved the set up of the restaurant. First, they put us in the back area, but it was a little too dark for my taste, so we asked if we could have one of the booths in the front section. They were so accommodating, and said we would love this new table as it gave us a view of everyone who parades by. And it sure did! I am 100 percent sure my husband was the oldest person in the restaurant, and even being 16 years his junior, I am about 80 percent sure that I was the next oldest. But it sure was fun people watching . . . bachelor and bachelorette parties galore with some of the most interestingly dressed and entertaining people gliding by us.Our server was fabulous! The menu offers so many wonderful options and he helped guide us through the choices, pointing out the fabulous and steering us away from the ordinary. We started with the Yellowtail Jalapeno. Don't be put off thinking it might be too spicy . . . it's not . . . a perfect melding of flavors with the tender Yellowtail and the crunchy jalapeno in a cilantro soy base. Next up . . . the salmon tartare, which was my favorite. The combination of the fresh and silky salmon layered with wasabi cream and drizzled with citrus soy was heavenly . . . so much so that I ordered another just for myself while hubby was licking his chops -- literally -- the tender Kurabuta Pork Ribs smothered in a sweet soy glaze were falling off the bone. We then shared the Cod Bibb Lettuce Cups . . . while we loved the dish, we found this a little skimpy for the price with only two pieces. As I was getting quite full, I opted to order only the roasted miso eggplant which put the finishing touches on my great meal.. My hubby with his big appetite ordered the hangar steak with roasted shallots and more of that delectable wasabi cream sauce. From pig heaven to cow heaven!Social House is totally a hip place, even for us not-so-hip middle-agers. We had a fantastic meal, conscientious service and "free" entertainment. No doubt we will make another trip to Social House on our next trip to LV.P.S. Unlike some other reviewers, we felt we got great bang for our buck!
1	Don't waste your money!!  Completely over priced and bad quality as well.  I expected better from a restaurant in city center.  Shiybu at MGM is way better!
1	This place sucked. It was overpriced and WAY under-delivered. I paid $25 for a roll I could have found at Safeway. The chicken tasted reheated and over drenched in sauce. The sashimi was pretty but I could barely pick it up with my chopsticks it was so small. The atmosphere was great but walked away with a bad taste in my mouth as we let the manager know of our less than satisfied experience, and nothing was done in response. He/she didn't even make an appearance at our table for an apology. This restaurant obviously does not take pride in quality and customer satisfaction. Go here if you want to watch your money get wasted on $4 sushi.
5	One of the best bowls of Tonkotsu ramen anywhere IMO. Serious bombness.
4	A bit pricey but the rolls were very good, the service (Aly) was awesome! The Ultimate roll was great and delightful to look at, their special roll was fantastic. The space itself is was very nicely done, my wife and I were a bit disappointed that it wasn't more lively.I would recommend this place to anyone, unless they are on a budget.
4	I tried going here for happy hour but was early for it but I was hungry so I just checked the place out.  It was pretty empty for a Sunday afternoon.  Some people were there but it definitely wasn't packed at all.  I sat at the bar and ordered a beer and a few appetizers and a bento box to go for my friend who was recovering from a hangover. LOL.  Prices here are steep but I enjoy quality food and well...you're in Vegas on the strip in the Crystals mall..what do you expect?  I ordered the jalapeno hamachi sashimi and the cod lettuce wrap with foie gras.  Foie gras is extra but being from California where they outlawed it now I have to eat it any chance I get.  The cod with foie gras just melts in your mouth and the sashimi had the right amount of heat for my taste.  Definitely a nice bite to eat that wasn't so filling but just made me feel ok before my tasting dinner at e by Jose Andres that night.  I'd come here again for their happy hour.  heard it's pretty good.
1	Came here on Monday around 8:15pm for dinner and sat in the bar area for dinner. The service was horrible!!!We ordered:- YELLOWTAIL JALAPENO ($22.)Yellowtail, Crispy Jalapeno, Garlic Dust, Tiny Cilantro, Calamansi Soy*I hate cilantro, but could not taste it. The flavor was fresh and delicious!- SAMURAI ROLL ($24.)Soft Shell Crab, Unagi, Tuna, Avocado, Wasabi Aoli, Black Tobiko, Arare Crackers.*The waiter said this was a good choice, however we never ended up receiving this to our table. :(- SPICY TUNA ($13.)Traditional cut roll.*MY favorite!!! A little spicy and full of yummy flavor!- EDAMAME*Another part of our order that never ended up at our table.-  Another roll that I can't remember. *Good, not great.  Hell- I can't even remember what it was.We had enough food, but odd that 2 things that we ordered never showed up and the waiter didn't even ask!!  In fact, he disappeared and they closed the restaurant and we were waiting for our checks!Sushi was good, but not worth the crappy service.
5	Two words: tonkotsu ramen.I am ashamed to admit that I wasn't really familiar with those words (or at least the first one) before coming to Social House during a recent trip to Vegas, but now I will never forget. See, you fine Yelpers had told me that this place has a pretty bitchin' lunch special, and my fiance and I really dig Japanese food so we decided to check it out. The first thing we noticed is that the atmosphere in here is awesome: hip but comforting. Nice. We were seated quickly and got our orders in for the lunch special. While we waited for the courses to arrive, I sipped on a sake flight. Three generous pours for $20 is definitely not bad for Vegas, even if one was Ty-Ku. (Not that there's anything wrong with that, it's just that I can already get that one in Utah.) All the selections were rather pleasant and complimentary. Salad came first, and mine was the cucumber type while my fiance's was more of the usual type. Definitely a fresh and tasty way to start. But next came the star of our show, big bowls of rich, delicious pork bone broth, generous cuts of pork, tasty noodles, and even some egg (to make it even more decadent). It was accompanied by a bowl of garlic and other spices that we dumped in, and that really kicked it up a notch. I don't have anything to compare it to, but the flavor was just amazing. I was full, but yet I couldn't stop eating. It put me in a happy place. After that, the sushi rolls arrived. Did I mention that I was already full? I got the salmon and avocado roll and my fiance got the spicy tuna roll. We tried a little of each and were impressed by the quality of the fish. Very nice flavors. Unfortunately, it was just too much food and we weren't quite able to finish it. Not bad for $25 a piece. The place was pretty empty by the end of our meal (it was a late lunch on a Monday), so we sat and sipped some tea for a bit. They have quite a good selections if you're into that sort of thing. We had one of the oolongs, which had a wonderful aroma and a nice, mellow flavor. I'll definitely be back here the next time I'm in town. I just wonder how long it'll be before I try something other than the ramen. That's the problem with not having this place closer.
4	This place was pretty good. I had ordered  the sliders, with a side of 12 year old whiskey (macallan), the spicy tuna w/ fried rice, and a bowl of ramen. The ramen was tasty, the broth was thick and delicious, full of flavor.The price you pay for is for the decor, the lounge, and let's face it... You are in a mall eating retail food :PSit down, relax, enjoy your drink, and get some great snacks.
2	After an amazing day at The Spa at Mandarin Oriental, we were starving and didn't want anything too outrageous for a late lunch.  We ended up here at the suggestion of one of the employees in the mall.In all fairness, the low rating is based solely on service, so in context, let me say that we arrived around 3pm on a Tuesday and were one of three parties seated in the bar area.  Perhaps it was their intent that one person be served and complete eating their meal before the second person was served in order to facilitate socializing, but we would have been much happier being served at the same time.The green tea brewed too long before it was served, and it was quite bitter.  Refills on water and other beverages were hard to come by.  Miso soup and Bento box were served at the same time with no real explanation for the delay or the inability to serve the soup first, as is customary.On the upside? The food tasted great!  And I probably would have enjoyed it even more if I hadn't felt so guilty eating while my companion waited for their food.  The manager did end up taking 35% off the bill... nice gesture, but not close to the cost of the one meal that came out so late.
4	Still one of my favorite sushi & cocktail spots in vegas.  Bonus for me because I usually get my suite in Aria or Vdara, making this place a short walk away.  Try the red champagne.  It's addictive.  Way to stay consistent, SH!  See you in January for CES.
4	Funny story: in 2007 I went on a blind date to Social House when it was operated by someone else in TI.  The guy insisted on ordering for me: sunomono (cucumber) salad (the size of a soy sauce dish) and 1 order of tamago (egg) sushi that he split with me.  No joke!  We sat outside and that was my first view of the siren show, ugh.  After that I tore off to Godiva in Fashion Show and bought myself chocolate.  Good riddance.  Fast forward, Social House left TI, and I forgot about it.  Then I was in Crystals one day walking around and saw an ad for desserts in restaurants there.  The yuzu frangipane called my name.Last night Eric R. and I attended a really cool event at Social House in Crystals.  It was a sake lesson from a sake sommelier, paired with different bites from the food menu.  First we had junmai premium sake paired with yellowtail sashimi with tempura jalapeno, garlic dust, tiny cilantro, and calamansi soy.  Did someone say tempura jalapeno slices?  Yes indeedy.  Next, we sampled another sake, some higher level, paired with big eye tuna sashimi, sweet chili sauce, crispy shallot, red onion, and negi oil.The next dish was amaaaaazing: nasu spicy miso: small delicate roasted Japanese eggplant with spicy miso glaze.  This was truly delicious!!!  Our last dish was a set of rolls: salmon avocado, hama-chimi (hamachi, avocado, jalapeno-cilantro chimichurri, garlic chips), and negi toro (fatty tuna with green onion).  Our final sake was Ty-Ku coconut flavored nigori (unfiltered).  This was actually really delicious.  I have long been a coconut fan but I am on a huge coconut kick lately.  This one is worth purchasing, and I can get it at Total Wine or Lee's according to the sommelier.This ended up being a really fun event.  At the end, I ordered the yuzu frangipane, which is made to order because it is a molten cake!  Warm almond cake, molten yuzu cream cheese filling, raspberry sorbet, almond toffee, and fresh raspberries.  It was tasty, more like almond than yuzu.  The idea of it is really good, but I am looking for yuzu to punch my taste buds, so this in the end was not quite yuzu-y enough for me :) and it cost $12.  Anyway, I would come back for some bites here, especially that eggplant!
5	Amazingly delicious, great ambience too. A bit pricey as well but worth the splurge. It can also be a little tricky to find within the mall.
4	Delicious!  I was a little sad that it wasn't busier -- usually an empty restaurant is not good -- but we had a great experience!  Jonah, our bartender, was wonderful. He was personable (and cute!) and gave us great suggestions.  The miso glazed black cod was out of this world -- possibly the best piece of fish I've ever had!  Definitely worth it!
5	OHMYGODDDDDDDDDD!  So, first off- my last review was bad, because we had a bad experience.  Well, shortly after that review, I received a message from the GM, asking me and a guest to come back as their personal guests for us to really experience the service that Social House is know for.My mom, a lover of sushi, came into town for Thanksgiving so we made a reservation for the Sunday after Thanksgiving.  The GM was out of town, but the Assistant GM, Robert, took care of us.SERIOUSLY- THE BEST SUSHI EXPERIENCE (AND ONE OF THE TOP RESTAURANT EXPERIENCES) OF MY LIFE!Our server, Jonah, was fabulous.  He came over, got our wine orders and we started with the happy hour Salmon Avocado Cut Roll.  The roll is exactly what you think and with fresh flavors!Jonah told us about the specials and one that rocked our world: seared scallops with a mango & pumpkin salsa.  TO FREAKING DIE FOR!  In fact, we loved this so much, we ordered it twice!!!!  Robert informed us that they receive the scallops from the coldest part of the ocean from China and within 48 hours they are being served in Social House.  No wonder they tasted so fabulous!!The next dish was brought out special for us.  It was A5 Wagyu Beef.  ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!  The wagyu beef has this savory, melt in your mouth deliciousness that made me think I was in heaven.  WOW!!!Can you really follow that up?  Well, we tried.  The next special that Jonah told us about was a king crab and tuna roll with all this other yummy stuff in it.  WOW!  My mom died over this one.  The crab and the tuna- to die for yum.We somehow managed to save room for the pumpkin dessert with a coconut sorbet.  WOW!From the minute we walked in the door, we had OUTSTANDING service, FABULOUS food and an all around GREAT time.I cannot wait to go back because I cannot stop thinking about all of the dishes!Thank you Michael, Robert, Jonah and Angel for a truly memorable experience! :)
4	Very enjoyable experience here.  During the week till 8 pm they have a 'bar menu' with lower priced items, there's like 7 sushi rolls priced at $10, specialty cocktails-including HH sake #score, ramen noodles and some appies. I got the angry tuna roll and it was divine. It is on the smaller side so you will have to order something else to satiate your appetitie, but I was OK with not choking on the size of the sushi when trying to consume it!  I got the ramen soup next, which is like my new favorite thing, and it was really tasty as well. The bartender that was serving us was excellent, gave us his recommendations [including what not to order] and was extremely attentive.  Other great news about sitting at the bar is they have TV's for football watching!!! Hooray TV's and Football! My friend got a roll and the Kobe sliders which he must've really enjoyed b/c he housed them both!Def on my list of I would go again!
5	Social House - Aria Hotel in the Crystals MallThe restaurant was dark and decorated in red and black colors throughout. It would be a great place for an intimate dinner with a significant other. I would not recommend for families or people with children. This sushi restaurant was a bit on the pricey end but completely worth every dollar spent!Imagine my comfort level when our waitress explained she also struggles with a gluten intolerance and was well aware of how to prepare the foods and when to check on items to make sure I was safe. She answered all my questions about the menu and made me feel extremely safe about eating there. When I had questions she didn't know the answer, she immediately went back to the kitchen to ask the chef to ensure I was staying gluten free! I decided to try the most expensive roll in the place - it had gold flakes on it! Kobe beef, king crab and yellow fin were some of the meats in this roll. It tasted like magic. I loved it and every single thing about it was phenomenal. I hadn't spent a lot of money so far on food during the trip so I decided to take a splurge. We also had roasted mini potatoes that were seasoned so perfectly and roasted to the greatest crispiness ever that we were all fighting over them at the table. Everyone at the table enjoyed different sushi rolls that were each equally delicious in their own way. (or so I was informed by the non-celiacs) If you are in Las Vegas looking for a unique, delicious dinner and aren't worried about the price tag - I would highly recommend Social House for dinner.
3	Not really a sushi restaurant, woefully overpriced.
4	kobi burgers! but SOOOOO expensive.
4	My boys and I go to Vegas twice a year to basically let it all out! I mean, it *is* Sin City; excess, excess, excess, right?! Social House is a great place to participate in hedonistic adventures. I appreciated the ambiance and decor. Very chic, sophisticated, and elegantly adorned with contemporary Asian decor.Our (very attractive) server greeted us immediately and took our drink orders. Two of us had the white lotus lychee martini. It has Skyy Vodka, lychee liquor, pineapple juice and a fresh lychee. How could you lose with a lychee martini?! My other two friends ordered the SH Red Champagne. That was a lovely drink too... with citrus vodka, orange liqueur, lemon juice, hibiscus, and prosecco. Here, you can share small plates or order some individual entree-sized plates. We decided to share plates since we wanted EVERRRRRYTHIIING! The grilled salmon was very tasty. The teriyaki sauce with it was thick, somewhat sweet, and the salmon was beautifully cooked. The miso port short ribs were fantastic. The meat fell off the bone and the Israeli couscous was a nice accompanying grain. The angry tuna roll was everything I hoped it would be. However, I've had similar in "everyday" Japanese restaurants before so I wasn't completely won over by this. Nonetheless, it was still tasty. The kobe tacos were fantastic and is great for sharing. The tuna tataki salad was also great. Now, as a Filipino, I HAD to order the crispy pata. I understand I can't expect it to be like the ones I had growing up... Social House's interpretation was solid... but still left me a little disappointed. Perhaps because I know crispy pata shouldn't be $26 (HA!), but also because I think the SoHo pickles didn't suffice as an accompanying side. I wish it had come with some sort of greens instead or paired with an interesting starch that isn't necessarily rice. (Typically, us Filipinos would just douse that pata with vinegar/soy sauce-vinegar and bring on the rice, but I know it's supposed to be an "elevated" version of the classic meat so.....) Anyway, Social House is the place to go if you want a wide array of pan-Asian food, has a "fun" crowd of scenesters, and is close to all the action (it's inside Crystals). While I am giving this place 4 stars, however, I think there are other places more worthy of your Vegas culinary travels than Social House. Depends on what you and your mouth are looking for while in the (702)!
4	We were greeted by a friendly, but unprofessionally dresssed hostess.... This the only negative thing I have to say.... I feel that the first impression is the front of the house and could definitely be better......on to the amazing part - the meal!I had the lunch special , 3 courses for $20 my choices were the miso soup, vegetable tempura and spicy tuna roll.From beginning to end all the flavors were there, subtle yet so refined that each bite was memorable! I added the Mothra cocktail, which is a Japanese Bellini and it too was delicious.  I think needless to say that I will def be back again :)
4	This Place is a solid 4.Had teriyaki salmon 5*****Miso soup ( too salty) 3***Salmon avocado roll : 5*****Spicy Tuna Roll : 2**Ambiance/decor  : 5*****Service : 5*****Price e is average to Vegas.
2	Had the lunch prix fixe for $20. The pricing was decent for a nice restaurant on the strip. Selected the miso soup, chicken teriyaki donburi, and a spicy tuna cut roll. The miso soup ran a tad bit on the salty side, while the chicken in my main entree was extremely overcooked (bone dry). Even the heavily teriyaki sauced rice could not help the chicken gain any moistness. The best part of the meal was the sushi, which I suppose I would order next time if I were to again return to this restaurant. Service was hit and miss. The waitstaff were very nice, but our food took ages to come out (almost an hour). We almost thought that they had forgotten about our order. I also told the hostess that it was my friends birthday, expecting the restaurant to do the whole bday thing for him. They brought over some mochi ice cream (which was pretty good), but charged us for it! I didn't exactly order the thing, I just expected a small token and an embarrassing song or something. Took a while for our bill to arrive as well. Overall, nothing special - a decent choice if you are in the mood for Japanese in the middle of the strip.
4	We made reservations for NYE and we ordered the set menu of 8 courses set by Chef John Chien Lee.First course-Scallop & Caviar Modern Sashimi: Hokkaido Scallp, Petrossian Caviar, Yuzu Foam.Excellent! Light, citrus, elegant. It was so good to start off. Wish the serving was bigger by just one more scallop, it was that good.Second course-Salmon Tartare: Scottish Salmon, Ginger Miso, Taro ChipIncredible! Our favorite of the night, the sauce put it over the top. Probably our favorite of the night.Third course- Oyster Trio: Kumamoto Oyster, Yama Imo Dashi, Soho Salsa, Ponzu GeleeVery good, could taste the different flavors across 3 fresh oysters in a half shell. The house oyster was very tasty.Fourth Course-Ginger Sweetbreads: Crispy Veal Sweetbreads, Sweet Ginger Scallion Sauce, Fuji Apples, Baby RadishOne of my favorites, well seasoned. The sauce put it over the top as a winner. The sweetbreads nicely fried, the sauce was so good!Fifth Course-Citrus & Fennel Toothfish: Chilean Seabass, Blood Orange Vinaigrette, Pear Tomato, Mizuna.Very good! The fish melts in your mouth, the sauce delicious and the fennel adds a dash of freshness.Sixth Course-Angus 300 Petite Tenderloin: Angus 300 Tenderloin, Fole Fried Rice, Bacon Wrapped Enoki Mushroom, Soho Steak SauceAlmost perfect! Great piece of beef, excellent sauce, flavorful rice but too much rice, about half the size of the rice would have been perfect. I can see how this might be OK as an entree but for a tasting there was too much rice.Seventh Course-Cher's Nigiri Sushi: Tai, Kanapachi, Maguro, Aji, EbiGood sushi, the rice was too much after the previous dish. Would have been perfect just as a small serving of sashimi. Still good!Eighth course-Banana cake, Peanut Buter Mousse, Valrhona Chocolate Pearls, Banana Ice Cream, Bacon Chips.ZING! Such a delicious and well balanced dessert! Moist cake, smooth peanut butter mouses, excellent banana ice cream and perfectly crispy bacon bits. Great way to finish off the tasting menu.Overall, I'm a big fan, we had a great culinary experience. We'll definitely return here again for some of the chef's special dishes. Nice atmosphere, I think the dance music could have been replaced with something else to create a more elegant atmosphere but there were lots of people just getting rolls and drinks that night on NYE so I guess it fit. The staff is excellent and very helpful.
3	Nice and relaxed spot for good sushi. Eat in the bar area - as it's more casual. Kobe Sliders, Angry Tuna Rolls, and the Grilled Salmon were very good.
5	Hubby and I went during late night Happy Hour. The waiter was so friendly and gave great suggestions. We ordered: Shishito Peppers, Salmon Mango Roll, Angry Tuna Roll, Kalbi Beef Roll, Hot Sake, and Mochi Ice Cream. All I can say is YUM!!! lol...Everything was so good! Worth the price!
3	I came here about 3 years ago and loved it! My family and I were in vegas for a day and we all wanted to go here for dinner. Someone had ordered for us last time so we had no idea what we had time we were there. The only thing we remembered was the miso cod and kobe beef. The last time I had the miso cod, it was like butter in my mouth. Seriously, I dreamed of that miso cod for months. We got it again this time and it definitely wasn't the same. I don't know if we came on a bad night or if they got a different chef but it was not that great. It was good but not as magical as I remembered. We also got the mixed sashimi which was good. The tempura lobster roll and social house ultimate roll were okay. Nothing amazing. The only thing I really enjoyed was the garlic oil seared kobe sashimi. Basically, it was not worth the money. I was extremely disappointed.
2	The plan - Pre Fixe lunch at a restaurant at the Cosmopolitan. Circumstances went awry. New plan - Pre Fixe lunch menu at Social House.This is a contemporary, strangely adorned restaurant located in Crystals. The restaurant itself was basically empty when my friend and I entered and were greeted by the hostess. We were sat in the dining room which espouses some kind of odd bordello/bird nest vibe. I say bird nest, because the enormous lighting fixtures above the dining room resembled bird nests made of hair. Take that as you will.Our waiter (Daniel) arrived and took our drink order. Ice water was ordered and we were delivered room temperature water. Daniel scurried around the restaurant taking care of other tables and disappearing while my friend and I decided upon our Pre Fixe meals. Many minutes later Daniel returned to take our order. Daniel insisted the Locomoco was "just hamburger on rice with gravy". No really, "it's just hamburger"; that is after we asked what the entree was and how it tasted. Nice sell, Daniel. Oh and he did beseechingly tell us, "It's a Hawaiian dish". Mm hmm. Ordered -Green Tea ($7). Obviously this green tea must have been produced from rainbows from a panda's ass, because never in my life will I ever pay for Green Tea that is $7 ever again. Note to self - ask for drink prices. *face palm*Miso Soup - decent, perhaps a bit too salty. Very few cubes of tofu and even less green onions.Chicken Teriykai Donburi - Chicken was dry as a bone. As sad as it is to say I felt as though *I* cooked the chicken in this dish because I ALWAYS overcook chicken. The pickled veggies in the dish were lost on me because I don't eat pickled anything.Salmon Roll - Decent. My favorite part of the whole meal. Wish I'd just gotten sushi for the whole meal. Although the rolls were on the minuscule side (no wonder, this place is in Crystals on the Strip). Food - Mediocre at best, perhaps dinner is better?Decor - Bordello Bird NestService - Hope Daniel enjoyed his tip as much as he enjoyed being our server, as in, not much.
3	The venue is not very big but it does give people a cozy feeling. We came here on a sunday night and the place is quite busy. We got seated at a small table by the corner and the tabke right next to us is literally inches away from us. This is one thing I dont really like about this restaurant being seated too close to each other. Other decors inside the restaurant is great. I like the ceiling lighting a lot. It feels like old school janpanese hourses. For appetizer, we ordred salmon wasabi which took quite some time to come. It is 7 thin pieces of salmon with crispy shallot and wasabi cream on top. It is a cold plate yet so wonderful. We also ordered spicy tuna to share. Personally I dont think too highly of it. It is good just there is nothing really special about it. For main course, we ordered chili seared scallops and hanger steaks. It comes with three large scallops in special sauce. One thing I m very impressed is that the chefs use sliced chinese dry sausages. It gives more flavor to the dish and match perfectly with the freshness of the scallops. The hanger steak is a good dish too, very flavorful and our medium rare is prepared just the way we like it.
5	Outstanding.Service was impeccable, as was presentation, pace and food quality.Let them impress you.
5	Chefs tasting is the BEST
5	Had the fixed price lunch.  Loved it!  Great tea selection and the front bar area is very cool.
5	Gentlemen, pay attention to what I'm about to write because you'll benefit greatly if you are looking for a romantic place to take a date.  Social House @ Crystals is phenomenal.  I liked it when it was at Treasure Island, but the location, atmostphere and decor is sensational at its current location.The staff was awesome on the night I dined there.   My date and I kind of let our waitress select some starters for us, and everything was a hit.  The presentation and taste were really good.  I opted for sea bass as my main dish, it was great.Don't sleep on this spot guys/girls.   Great energy in the place, even though it was slow the night we went.  The mood and decor will make your night great, and you'll enjoy the food as well.
5	We had a great experience.  Food was delicious and service was outstanding.  We enjoyed many items from the special happy hour menu and all were delectable.  We enjoyed the secreet spicy peppers and the kobe sliders.  Sushi was perfect. And we enjoyed a molten cake with a vietnamese ice cream.
1	I was so incredibly disappointed with the Sushi, we were taking our employees to dinner while there for a convention. We're all very avid sushi lovers, we ordered both cut rolls as well as hand rolls, when it came out, quite fast for a large order, about 16 rolls in total the rice was COLD, not lukewarm or even chilled, but so cold that when I ate one my mouth only recognized the chill not the flavor. I ordered the $40 roll with Kobe and sent my entire order back. The other guys were starving so they at theirs but agreed it was Chinese buffet quality. I complained to the manager and they only took my uneaten order off the bill and offered no consolation for anyone else. Our bill was $250 for something you could buy at Harris Teeter market. NOT Happy.
4	I come here for one thing and one thing only.  It is the luxurious thing called mango pudding.  Now the food here is also outstanding and happy hour prices are amazing.  Sunday lunch has some great specials and you can sit at the bar and watch a game and have a glass of wine or sake.  But mango pudding with crystallized ginger, diced mango pieces and a biscotti cookie.  Yay!!!
4	Stopped in here for lunch and got the Cucumber Sunomo, Yellowtail Jalapeno and the Tuna Special. All were very delicious and fresh, for being a Monday.  These are off the modern sashimi section, so no bed of rice.Each had a little spice and crunch which complimented each other well.  The meal did not come with Wasabi and Ginger, so we needed to request that.  After trying one with the typical mix, I now know why they weren't served with our meal.  They were better without.If in the area of Crystals, give them a try, it won't disappoint.
5	Awesome food with excellent service. A little spendy but worth it. Drinks were great too
4	Sat in the bar area for a light dinner of small plates and drinks. The waiter/bartender was super friendly and attentive. The hamachi tartare was great. You can never go wrong with shishito peppers. The rock shrimp tempura was pretty good with the dipping sauces. The chili seared scallops were very hefty and filling. Good experience with service, food, and drinks. A good alternative to restaurants in the hotels.
5	Amazing happy hour! The miso eggplant forever changed me! It was delicious!! The beef rolls were also great!! I didn't like the tomato roll, but surprisingly the Hubby really did, so it must be a matter of taste :) We got stuffed for under $40 on the strip for dinner, and thoroughly enjoyed our meal!! Big time score!!
5	Still my absolute favorite sushi spot in Las Vegas!My mom is back in town and of course she asks "we are going back to that amazing sushi spot, right?!!!??"  Of course!  I called up and made reservations for an early dinner at 5pm in the lounge.  I didn't know if we had to order from the happy hour menu and the hostess tells us- nope, you can order from both if you want.  Terrific!!We get there and Robert sees us and greets us- how nice to remember us from last time! We get seated and we order:1. Japanese Bellini (from the happy hour menu)*YUM!  White peach puree.  A tad different than the original Bellini, but definitely something I really enjoyed and would order again.2. Salmon Avocado Cut Roll (from the happy hour menu)*It was good last time so we decided to get it again!  Fresh and has great flavor!We didn't get a chance to meet Michael last time we were in, and Rob brought him over and introduced us.  Both are very nice gentlemen!  They asked if they could try out a new drink they are working on.  Us turn down alcohol?!  NEVER!It was a splash of cranberry, lemongrass and ginger cocktail.  It was very light tasting and something that you would totally expect a Japanese restaurant to have.  My mom sucked down the entire thing- she's a fan! :)We then decided to go for the gusto and ordered:3. Social House Ultimate Roll (from the regular dinner menu-$40)King Crab, Seared Kobe Beef Tenderloin, Lobster, Seared Scallop, Spicy Tuna, Avocado, Cucumber, White Truffle Oil*OMG!  This roll is fabulous!  It had gold leaf on the top!  It was one of the prettiest sushi rolls I have seen in a long time.  All of the flavors come together in this delicious roll and the crunch of the cucumber in the middle is seriously perfect.  Definitely worth the $40 and it fills you up!I would recommend this place to anyone and everyone that wants sushi.  I can't wait to go back again!
4	This is absolutely a good place to eat sushi in Vegas. The happy hour is when you should go! Their rolls, ramen, and sake is delicious! The bar in the front is very cute with the table that can see through the mall, you can secretly people watch. LOL. The inside is more intimate. I don't remember it having background music, so it's very quiet for you to talk.
4	Angry Tuna sushi and salmon tartar are to die for!  The place has a very zen like feel to it that makes me love eating there even more!Wait staff is young and friendly.  Has moments of being somewhat loud so I would say that it's perfect to take the children here!!!Green tea hot the spot too!
4	It's vegas and the music is cranked up on a saturday night.  The setting is dim and cool, the hostesses gorgeous and the service attentive.   Adding to that is a great, reasonably priced contemporary sushi/asian-fusion restaurant.For their food, there's a great use of flavor to complement fresh fish; the yellowtail jalapeno and scallop soy (with citrus and chili oil) are great.  Their tartare with taro chips (we tried the hamachi) highlights the fish with less cream and the same to be said about their rolls and sides (wonderful mushrooms).There's a decent new world wine list as well.
4	I really enjoyed eating at this place. Things to order:Any of the Sashimi (tasty, yummy and fresh)Kobe Sliders and TacosRock Shrimp TempuraAngry Tuna RollSocial House Ultimate RollSalmon Mango RollSamurai RollCoco-Nuts ( a must)Dark Chocolate Lava Cake (a must)
4	Great drinks and nice atmosphere.  Go for the happy hour - I doubt you would find a better deal in Vegas especially on the Strip!
4	pretty good, I liked it better than sushi samba
4	I haven't been to Social House since it was located in TI years ago. From what i can remember there seems to be some similar items on the menu. Of course my guy and I decided to go big and get the 10 course Omakase w/ a side of a 5 course saki tasting. I'm not as young as I used to be and I just can't hang with 10 courses anymore! Luckily my guy can pick up the slack! Everything was delicious -  kobe sashimi, scallops, braised beef, mango pudding and these leche donuts, holy crap! I drank too much saki so I honestly don't remember it all.At the end the chef came to talk to us. When he found out we were local he told us to come back and make sure we mentioned we were locals who had been there before so he could make sure we got to try something different. This made our night. There is no point in doing a chefs tasting and spending all that money to taste something you have already tasted. We'll go again to see what else the chef can do for us.
4	This review is for their happy hour only. We walked in and being a Thursday at 6PM, it was not busy. As the happy hour is only available in the bar lounge area, we were seated at a table next to the shuttered windows looking outside (to the mall walkway). The happy hour menu consists of cold items, warm items, rolls and beverages. I ordered the most expensive happy hour drink... $9 for a sparkling sake Bellini, and it was yum. So easy to drink, I could have easily had 3 of them. For food, we had: Ramen with poached egg and pork belly - O.M.G. This is a hidden gem for ramen. The Tonkotsu broth was creamy and rich (thinking about it makes my mouth water). With the poached egg, the broth became even more buttery. Amazing. There were 2 slices pork belly I thought there was a good mixture of fat and meat, but it was perfected with the seared outer layer. You can tell it's a good sear when it's still firm after sitting in broth for a couple minutes. Some of the noodles were stuck together but at least they were all cooked and not al dente. Salmon tartare with Taro chips - I didn't get a picture of this because it was our first dish and I was bordering hangry, so I devoured it. The taro chips were house made and fresh. The salmon tartare was good but it came with a load of Ikura on top, and I'm not fan. Also, there was a layer of wasabi? cream in the middle which added to the creamy texture of the salmon and gave good color contract but I didn't think it added to the dish. Thai Beef Salad - these were essentially Thai beef butter lettuce cups. The beef was tender and flavorful but this was certainly not spicy and I was expecting spicy. I guess I could have asked for sriracha. Kalbi beef roll - I usually don' like rolls and especially cooked food rolls, but this was not bad. I think this is how they made it.... take a long slice of cooked kalbi (cut out the fat), bread with panko, flash fry, and then roll in sushi rice. Topping each roll was the Korean sweet spicy red sauce. All in all, great food, great value. Would definitely come back!
1	I LIVE upstairs at and within CityCenter!  DO NOT go here!  I call down for a simple take out---yes...a service they say they provide....yet we were refused service!  All we requested was for two simple rolls, yet their manager decided that they were too busy to provide service to a regular customer who is an MGM M-Life Platinum Member!!!!  Loved their food and service....before....now, I regret ever tipping so generously and they will NEVER GET MY BUSINESS AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!
5	Excellent nigiri sushi, really attentive yet laid back service. You won't find this place listed under coffee, but it had the best espresso I've tasted since San Francisco: dry powdery texture with slight chocolate aftertaste. Prices are high, but worth a splurge.
4	NOMSSS!!Went here for lunch with my whole family. They have GENEROUS PORTIONS. Got the lunch special that comes with salad, miso soup, an entree, and a roll. I had to take things home I was extremely full.The ramen is DELICIOUS. Extremely savory and salty though- so make sure you enjoy that.The rolls are yummy, pretty americanized but still good.Recommend for lunch- such a great deal with a great selectionHOWEVER the hostess can definitely work on her friendliness and politeness. Super super rude.
5	One word: YUMMY!!!! Except for the Ikura with quails eggs were $11 an order, lol, that's one expensive Ikura!! But really really good!
5	I love this place. The food is really good and the atmosphere is great! It's located in City Center across from the Mandarin Oriental hotel.
3	We came here for my Birthday Dinner.The Social House Omakase is a 7 course meal. I think we did a 5 course plus dessert trio. The seared branzino entree was fairly tasty and looked like a lot but was far too little to split between 5 people. We received 5 rolls and the one I remember being memorable was the Angry Tuna roll, but it wasn't big enough. I snagged one piece. The 2 little platters of sashimi were sliced about as thin as prosciutto. The Yellowtail (crispy jalapeno, garlic dust did have great flavor though.Social House is in the Crystals Mall but they can still do a room charge from any of the M Life Resorts. 5 chef's tastings plus another $40-50 in food for our 6th guest came to about $550. Food- 4 stars. Value- 2.5 stars
5	Social House hosted the reception dinner for my wedding.  Where to begin....The restaurant is tucked away within the City Center but very easy to find.  Many Taxi drivers still think it's located in Treasure Island BUT IT IS NOT.  It's easy if you enter closest to the Aria valet.The food was AMAZING!  We went with a simple menu with 1 sashimi option and the plates were cleared and I had several guests asking me to order more food for them.  Everything came out at just the right timing.  The tables were set beautifully and I was able to bring in my own personalized cocktail napkins and champagne glasses.  They even setup the table with my place cards and placed gifts at everyone's seat.They made us personalized menus for everyone as well.We had our own private bartender to utilize if we needed it.  Most of the guests ordered from the servers but it was nice to have that option.We ended up ordering our wedding cake directly from them as well.  That was the BEST decision we could have made.  Stephanie was the pastry chef and she did a phenomenal job.  EVERYONE loved the cake and it was made perfect for us.  She did 3 tiers and even made us a small cake to taste and take pictures cutting into.  She did different fillings for each layer and they were all so delicious!The wait staff was amazing and accommodating and the general manager, Michael was a saint!  He was so patient with us and I would work with him again at anytime!I highly recommend this restaurant for dinner and/or a special event.  We had regular the regular menu when we visited before the wedding and we loved every item we tried!  We can't wait to go back and eat!!
3	We were looking for a quick lunch after arriving in Vegas and walked by Social House at Crystals. I've heard of it before and we thought we'd grab some sushi. They have a prefix three course lunch menu for $20 that my wife got. It was definitely a good value. She got a cucumber salad, a large bowl of beefy ramen and two rolls (California and spicy tuna). She enjoyed it.I really wanted some sashimi but that have very limited selections for lunch. The waiter talked me into getting a salmon sashimi dish topped with all the fru fru accompaniments that you would find at a place like Nobu. I just wanted the sashimi. It was $22. Not a bad deal for 5 pieces of salmon...in Vegas. I also ordered an Asahi beer which was $9. That was a very high price for Asahi but hey, I'm in Vegas.Overall this place was okay. Nothing special. At least for lunch anyways. It's a good value if you stick to the prefix lunch menu.
3	We had the 10 course omakase style dinner at social house. The food was on the salty side, but was definitely tasty. However, for a $125 omakase dinner, I was expecting a bit more sashimi and sushi. Instead, our meal was pretty heavy with a lot of meats. Half of the meal were cooked dishes, and we only get 3 small portion of sashimi (first three courses) and 4 sushi each (9th course). The sashimi were great, but the sushi was only okay I think. dinner for six plus 1-2 drinks each, our bill came up to be a bit over $1,000 before tips. There is no doubt that the food tasted great, but it was a little bit too pricy for the items that I got in my opinion.
3	Food was good, but that service wasn't that great.
5	I went to Social House for the first time and I fell in love :)The food is amazing, the atmosphere is spectacular, the service is outstanding! A little pricey, $5 for a miso soup?!, but well worth it!I recommend going family style, that way you can try many different flavors. Every single dish was top notch in both presentation and flavor! I will be back!
4	I come here for one thing.  Happy hour ramen.  Happy hour ends at 6 but it is never really busy here.  The broth is creamy and fantastic.  The pork is the money winning meat to add to it.  The noodles are great.  I think that it is my favorite soup!  I've had other dishes here and they are good but I come specifically for the ramen.  The service has always been good and the domestic beers are $3.50.  How could you go wrong?
5	Great locations in Crystal palace in city center. Great service with very tasty food. Tuna sashimi appetizer was great. Recommendations by staff were all very good.
5	If you are looking for regular sushi you can find anywhere, this is not the place. but if you are like me and are looking for great food combinations then Social House is the place. Asain fusion menu will not disappoint!Decor is very cool, server (Mariana) was excellent with great tips and suggestions. And the menu - full of different flavors and combinations. Forget about reaching for the soy sauce here - you won't need it!Vegas is full of great dining experiences, and this place is our new favorite. Located between Aria and Cosmopolitan.
2	The food was good but I don't think its worth the price. Suchi was good I loved the lobster roll but again its not filling and costs too much. The jalapeno yellowtail lived up to its hype but I wouldn't pay that price for it again.
3	I was a big fan of Social House when it was in the Treasure Island and more so now that it moved to Crystals. I have come here several times for dinner and one very special birthday dinner and each time has been spectacular. Truly, every dish we ordered was fantastic, the cocktails were sublime and we received wonderful service.But on my last visit I came here for happy hour and I left feeling a bit deflated. I tried a Japanese mimosa which was fine and my friend ordered a couple of appetizers. He said they were good. But the service was really lacking. I believe it had to do with how little we ordered. But hey, who the hell comes to happy hour and orders 50 dollars' worth of snacks? Not I. I'm kind of disappointed. I will be back for dinner, but since it is so expensive, it won't be as frequently as it could be for happy hour.
3	Yummy cocktails and great to go if  you want some good sushi on the strip
5	A-MAZA-INGGGG.  We had a work dinner so we had tons of small plates and every single this was great.
3	Social House is a decent, up-scale option for Las Vegas, with excellent food, and nice ambiance, but it's wedged in a mall. So all your views are of shoppers, gamblers, and noisy tourists.The food here was quiet good. Everything was fresh and well-prepared. I wouldn't say it blew me away, but gauged on food alone, this place would definitely be a 4-star.The service was good. No complaints, but nothing exceptional.The ambiance inside the restaurant was cozy, up-scale Asian, but most of that falls flat when half the restaurant is an open veranda looking out on a Mall. We sat right by the Mason-Dixon line between upscale, fresh restaurant and Mall sterility and it killed it for me.This is gonna be an uncharacteristically short review for me, because while there was nothing majorly wrong with this place (besides the location), there wasn't really that much that put it above, above-average. Vegas these days is a hive of culinary endeavors and you can do better, but don't sweat it if this is your only option.
5	Came here on a Saturday for the "Social Hour" menu that's offered from 5pm-8pm.  Their social hour menu features deep discounts on drinks and appetizers ($5-9 per plate as opposed to $15-18 normally).  We didn't have a reservation, we were just looking for a place to grab a bite before going to see a show.  The location is a little weird - inside the Crystals mall across from Stella McCartney - but that didn't detract from its atmosphere, which is otherwise cool, understated, and fashionable.  I'm not sure why the hostess asked for my first and last name before seating us, because she didn't ask for any contact info afterwards to solicit feedback on our experience... oh well.  The service was prompt and multiple waiters were constantly coming to our table to ask if we needed anything else.  Our waiter was also very knowledgable about the menu and components of each dish.  There's a moderately sized bar area where a group of women were gathered for the happy hour drink specials... most were dressed in cocktail dresses ready to take on the town, but a few were in yoga pants and fluorescent headbands.  One of the less attractive consequences of a mall location, I guess.  Tried the tonkotsu ramen from the social hour menu, which is a full size bowl for $8 but does not include any of the usual add-ins... you can add pork belly, poached egg, fish, and other things for an additional fee.  It wasn't the BEST ramen I've EVER had (once you've had Underbelly in SD, other ramens just don't compare) but it was definitely palatable.  The Thai beef lettuce wraps appetizer was definitely large enough to share.  Also ordered the salmon tartare (which came with taro chips) and Crispy Pata, very pleased with both.
2	VERY pricey. i would have rather gone to a buffet.You will leave here hungry thats forsure. The yellowtail the waiter kept raving about, was very good. but thats about it.and i wouldnt pay $25 for it again.
3	Another "Asian" place. This one is not too bad actually, but definitely does not satisfy. My sister and I came here for lunch and ordered from the set menu, which was quite limited, but the goal was just to get some ramen. It was not really worth the value. First of all, the miso soup tasted like it came from an instant miso pack. The ramen was fine, but the noodles were not very good at all. The sushi was probably the worst. It was so stale. The decor and the atmosphere was nice, but I wouldn't come back here again unless I was drunk and/or had a serious ramen craving and was too lazy to look elsewhere.
5	Excellent place to go during happy hour. A lot of their items are ridiculously cheap. I had to ask if the portions were small cause of the price but their not.
2	Review for Social Hour (Social House's Happy Hour at the bar and lounge area).I was here recently for an event.  While waiting I decided to try their ramen as a friend who used to work here said it was really good.  Plus I read a few reviews that had positive feedback on their dining experience here.Service at the bar:  Efficient, not particularly friendly, but knowledgeable about their menu offerings.  Food came out fast!Food:  Tonkotsu Ramen with Chasu and Poached Egg.  Broth was okay, not particularly rich or creamy, but also not too salty (which is more of the traditional Japanese ramen broth style). Noodle was cooked, but still had clumps where it did not separate during the cooking process (sadly disappointing).  I liked the fried garlic pieces, which added to the flavor.  I would not add Sriracha, which they offered automatically, if I wanted it spicy.  (Pretty much the same experience that Candace C had 2 years ago).  Chasu was inconsistent.  One piece was light in color, with decent fat on it and was tender.  The other piece, was clearly darker, as if it had sat out unwrapped, and the exterior was also partly burnt (not just a nice seared, but charred to carbon).  Overall, it was not the Debbie N's ramen experience that I had hoped for. I trust both of these Yelpers' opinions, which are night and day differences, so consistency appears to be an issue.Price:  For ramen it is more expensive than the other local ramen option, which we now have a lot.  So mega resort pricing in effect.I would like to come back and try other items on the menu, especially with 50% off dinner food purchases with their Social House Tomodachi (Friends of Social House) Card.  But for now, it was just a sub par 2 stars experience.
4	Best meal during our stay. Went w/five items from the social hour menu, and loved every item: angry tuna roll, miso cod cups, salmon, pork belly ramen w/poached egg... drinks. Great ambience+price... and an easy walk from many hotels.
3	I must admit, this location was difficult to find. I had to call to find where they were located at (next to Wolfgang Puck's restaurant). The waitress was really nice. The happy hour menus were really confusing because they have two different menus. So the first half hour was sorting through the happy hour mess. BTW, they don't serve ramen at the dining area, only at the bar.We ordered everything on the happy hour menu. We had sliders with thin-cut fries, salmon tartar, sushi rolls, upside down cake, viet coffee ice cream, etc. I don't remember everything we ordered, so obviously nothing really stood out. Everything was okay so I wouldn't rave about this place. It was just "ehh." The tea we ordered came in this heavy, cast iron teapot.... seriously?!
3	A 3 1/2. Pretty cool place, went for happy hour on a Wednesday.  Ordered miso soups, Thai beef salads, angry tuna roll, negi hama roll, sashimi (yellowtail, tuna, and salmon), and assorted drinks.  Happy hour is only good in the bar not the dining room.  The vibe is cool, the bar isn't too loud, and the food was good.  The table was disgusting, our glasses and plates were so stuck to the table we had to literally force them off the surface because they were stuck.  Have these guys heard of windex or other cleaners?  Our server was good for the first 30 minutes then disappeared.  30 minutes later, I motioned to the bartender for the check, he saw me, walked over to the table next to us to help them, ignored us, and walked back to the bar while he was spinning the vinyl credit card/check holder like a basketball on his finger.  Nice trick but douchy.  Liked the happy hour, cool place, but won't go back anytime soon.
3	I tried the three course combo meal here. It starts off with an appetizer, a soup, salad or cucumber dish. Then you choose from a various of teriyaki chicken and other meat dishes or ramen. Since our group were mostly hungover lol we pretty much all opted for the ramen. And then the third course are consists of a either salmon avocado, spicy tuna or tempura roll. The miso soup was so salty and the flavor was just.. a weird indescribable flavor that I can't explain but it just was not good. The ramen wasn't horrible, edible but I wouldn't say it's anything special. It does come with some spice and roasted garlic flakes on the side that's really delicious in the ramen. The spicy tuna roll was eh. Nothing special, but not bad.Decor is good, pretty fancy and service is good. But food was eh. Price is decent, well for vegas.
4	I have made it a point when I visit Vegas to have sushi here once during my visit. My favorite sushi restaurant. The price is a little high but expected for Vegas on the strip. Come during HH to have a taste of several fresh and delightfully tasteful nigiri or maki. The servers and bartenders are very attentive. The background music is soft trance. If you like saki, tea or coffee they have you covered. A full coffee bar, which includes a "Bunsen burner" style.
5	This is a great restaurant that moves to City Center. I am usually tough on servers, but our server was phenomenal. The server started by bringing us the peppers followed by a fish dish and we just let him bring us food the rest of the evening. While many reviews about it being expensive were correct, it was well worth it and I would go back again. We asked about a few items we wanted to try and he was pretty honest that they were not that great and to get something else instead that he brought out.
5	This place is a well kept secret in the Crystals Mall (City Center).  The food and service is amazing.  Their Kobe and Tuna Tacos are out of this world!!!  Best of all it's not super expensive, like other upscale Japanese restaurants in Vegas.
4	The most expensive meal we had in Vegas was at Social House, an Asian restaurant located inside Crystals at CityCenter. The interior of the restaurant was absolutely gorgeous. I have got to say, almost all the Vegas restaurants we visited had fantastic decor.The menu is rather typical of a Japanese restaurant, sashimi, sushi, rolls, etc. Since this was our splurge meal of the trip, we opted for the Social House Omakase, at 95 USD per person. The Omakase consists of seven courses, chosen by the chef. The price is rather typical. You would expect a similar price point, give or take 20 dollars, to enjoy an Omakase in a Japanese restaurant in Toronto. Considering we are dining on the Las Vegas Strip, this is really not that bad.Here are the seven courses, all were good:First course: Yellowtail jalapenoSecond course: Albacore GarlicThird course: Tuna SpecialFourth course: Citrus Peel Miso CodFifth course: Sea BassSixth course: Five-piece sushiSeventh course: Strawberry sorbetI need to clarify something. We put in the special request of "No red meat and no dairy", which was probably the reason behind the two consecutive cooked fish courses (4th and 5th) and the sorbet for dessert. Hey, what else are a non-redmeat-eater supposed to eat, if not more fish? Certainly not their Spicy Ponzu Kobe Sashimi or their Hanger Steak with roasted shallot and Wasabi cream sauce! Sorry for teasing you with delicious sounding dishes.    :P Please come and visit my blog, where I have pictures of every course and more ;)Thanks in advance.http://simplygluttonous.blogspot.ca/2013/08/social-house-crystals-las-vegas.html
5	Keep coming back cause its the perfect hangover cure. The happy hour starts at 5, which is usually the time my lazy ass gets up. Order the tontaksu ramen with porkbelly. It's really cheap during happy hour, I mean $7 dollar cheap.
4	Social Hour 5pm-8pm daily!  This is later than most of the other Happy Hours They didn't put the hours on the website so we wasn't sure if it was still going on.  One of the best Happy hour on the strip.  I will be back!Mothra Japanese Bellini $9 4/5 - I think it is lychee liquor + champagne.  I liked it but I don't think I will order it again but my friend really liked it..Hot Sake $8 - Very decent size.  about 1/3 more than Japonais @mirage.Lychee sake $12 the cup was cold too (which not that many places in Las Vegas do that, even 5-star hotel =() - my friend said he could feel the alcohol as he drinks along.Thai Beef Salad (Skirt Steak, Bibb Lettuce, Onion, Tomato, Spicy Dressing) $10 - we ordered it because the reviews said it has 4 lettuce cups (otherwise I would have ordered the Cod Bibb lettuce cups) - The beef was decent quality too. Ramen Noodles $8 + Pork Belly $2 + poached egg $1 5/5 - star of the meal.  I didn't have high hopes after spending a few days in Las Vegas.  Everything seemed to be tourist traps.  I liked the tonkatsu more than miso.  Miso was too salty for me.  I wasn't sure if the ramen was from the supermarket package but it was still good.  Even better than some of the ramen shops in Vancouver. KALBI BEEF ROLL (Crispy Kalbi Beef, Negi, Sesame, Kochujuang Sauce) $7 - crispy roll but it wasn't deep fried.  it had more filling than Japonais.
4	Beautiful interior, fantastic service, decent atmosphere - but what set this experience apart was that the food was outstanding.  The Angry Tuna Roll and the Tuna Special Sashimi both had a creative blend of flavors that make Social House a must-visit when in Vegas.  The Rock Shrimp Tempura and Mini Tacos were also delicious.  Definitely recommend!!!
5	Went to Social House on a recommendation with my girlfriend and she is a vegetarian. Service and good was excellent, we highly recommend, food was fresh and tasty. A must try!
5	This place was great.  We had a large group with a price fix menu.  My friend set up the whole thing, so not sure how that all went but it was awesome from the moment we walked into the restaurant.  They were attentive with drink orders and food.  They were concerned with food allergies and dislikes and tried to be accommodating when possible.  The staff explained everything they brought out and all of the food was really good.  I can't remember everything we ate, but my favorite dish was the seared yellowtail with friend jalapenos on top!!  And the 3 different desserts with the lava cake and mochi!!  I would definitely go back when I am in Vegas!
5	they make some meannnn ramen here for happy hour. Perfect place to get some quality food without being overly expensive. The bartender hooked it up with 4 shots of watermelon flavored sake, and on top of that lychee sake. Very friendly employees, esp Ben he was our awesome server. Usually its not busy, ive never experienced a wait here, serving japanese style food, right in middle of the Aria mall. I had a great time here always.PS. make sure you finish your fat Tuesdays before coming in
4	Awesome sushi and cocktails! Everything was very fresh, and the chef does a great job of creating interesting dishes with lots of flavors, but that still taste like sushi. Sometimes I feel like "modern" sushi (rolls in particular) are so over the top with ingredients and sauces that they don't even taste like sushi, but that was not the case here!My husband and I got:Cocktails:1. Tea & T - I loved this tequila-based cocktail that came in a cute teapot :)2. Some kind of cocktail with bacon-infused whiskey for the hus, which he sent back. Too smokey-tasting.Food:1. Edamame: Always good. They serve it 2 ways, sweet and salty, which was nice.2. Vegetable tempura - Perfectly cooked, airy, crispy, delicious!3. Yellowtail Jalapeno Sashimi - This was awesome! Very light and flavorful, and the jalapenos were not hot at all. 4. Lobster Tempura Roll - This was my husband's roll pick. It was great, though not my favorite.5. Seared Albacore - THIS was my favorite, and the husband agreed. My one complaint is that while the restaurant is beautiful, it was DARK to the point of being comical. I mean, I guess it created ambiance, but geez...
5	Great value Prix Fixe lunchHad the $20 3-course lunch. I was expecting small portions for that price but we left full and satisfied. The quality was good too. We went to Raku the night before  (excellent BTW; but a much different price point). I lived in Japan for 12 years so I feel comfortable saying that if you want some tasty, very reasonably priced Japanese food Social House is a good choice.  We had wasabi Bloody Mary mix, Miso soup, house salad, chicken teriyaki donburi, loco moco donburi, spicy tuna cut roll, and the avocado salmon cut roll. The chicken breast was plentiful, tender, and tasty. And they did not scrimp on the tuna or salmon either. Service was good and the decor was very tasteful (though definitely Chinese not Japanese) particularly great deal for Las Vegas. Recommended
4	Sushi was good, but dessert with Vietnamese coffee and caramel made the meal. Our waiter was great.
1	Make sure you eat a meal before you go. Sushi was excellent. We got the $95 per person chefs choice. We received 7 courses of one piece of food each. Everyone left hungry even after we complained to the waitress about the lack of food.
5	awesome happy hour menu. loved the sliders, the ramen with pork belly. great decor.
3	I wouldn't want to come here for dinner, as the a la carte menu looks pricey for the food you get! Having said hat, it's more of a place to drink in dark chic surroundings, so if your focus is not food, this place might be perfect.The lunch option at $20 for three (small) courses is quite a bargain though.I had tempura donburi, which was nice as the shrimp and veg were nicely fried in a light batter. The rice though was disappointing... Very dry, and tasted a bit stale. They could at least have gotten the basics right!Salmon avocado roll was tasty, but standard.
4	I was walking through the Crystals Mall and noticed Social House, and their $20 lunch prix fixe menu! For $20 you get 3 courses, and there are plenty of choices for each course. Such an awesome deal!I went for lunch on a Friday, and it wasn't crowded at all, I was able to grab a seat at the bar right away. The bartender was very friendly & attentive and made sure my water was always full and that I had everything I needed.I went for the Miso soup, the Chicken Teriyaki and the shrimp tempura roll and enjoyed every bite! This was probably one of my most affordable meals in Vegas! I'll be back next time I am in town!
1	Friday night. 8pm. Empty restaurant except for 4 tables filled. More employees hanging around than customers. Was seated by the hostess and nobody ever came to offer us a drink, water, or even a menu! After 10 minutes we left. Told the hostess we were leaving and they didn't even care. Unacceptable treatment for a $200+++ meal.
4	It was alright. Sushi was acceptable, the price was one of the most reasonable meals I've had on the strip (lunch).
3	The Highlights: Hostess were great, fast at taking reservations, polite and gave us their suggestions on what to order.Decoration is lovely, cozy and classy.Starters: we had a delicious special tuna sashimi Desserts: they have a chef just for that, and the chocolate lava cake has an amazing toasted marshmallow crust!The Shadows:Our waiter wasn't very available, we had to ask.whomever for paper napkins, the dessert menu,etc. I had ordered the mini taco trio appetizer as a main dish, but it was very small. Since I really enjoyed the kobe beef taco, I then asked for all kobe gyozas, and that was greasy and not at all the same balanced flavors as the taco trio.I would go back with friends for drinks, but nothing special, and for that, I consider it pricey.
5	We were there this past weekends. Staffs were nice, friendly, very attentive. My glass never hit bottom. They were very accommodating in helping us taking pictures. Had a 10 courses prefix menus. Excellent variety. Great food. Price is comparable to other restaurants. We were full. Our main server was very good at keeping our courses serve in a timely  manner,  because we had a show to catch. Very nice and quiet. Not crazily busy. Had a back and front areas. Love it because we don't have to have to talk loud to hear each others. Would come back again. This is not a cheap place. Go to an all you can eat place if you want cheap. I think the price is fair for the quality of food that they serve, and the location that it is in.
5	Love this place. Came here for the second time for my anniversary and got the high roller platter. Definitely worth the money for super fresh sushi. I love eating sushi and a big fan of it so finding a place that serves this fresh of fish is rare. Also had the coconut Creme tea. My boyfriend is super allergic to sesame and they definitely took the extra care and time to make sure nothing sesame was added to our dish.Great service both times we have been here. Definitely worth the money. :)
5	I can't even begin to describe how much I love this place.  I have now eaten here 3 times, and each visit this spot just gets better and better.  We have never eaten in the main dining room; we prefer the atmosphere and happy hour/lunch special in the front bar area.  The cozy couches are a great spot, but the bar is really where it is at.  The drinks, conversation, food tips, and amazing service from Brett, the bartender, are second to none.  He really knows how to make people feel welcome and well taken care of.  I loved hearing about all the drinks he was making.  He truly is an expert at his job.  We have also enjoyed the hostess/waitress, Lindsey, on two of our visits.  Such a great staff! Aside from the superb service, the food is perfection.  The layers of flavors, the unique dishes, and the execution of each meal is spot-on every time.  This is a MUST visit spot when you're in Vegas - a well-priced, fabulous meal with great service.  Don't miss it!
2	My husband and I eloped in Vegas last weekend, having our wedding at the Aria. As part of our wedding package, we were given dinner at Social House immediately following our wedding ceremony.We arrived at ten pm on a Saturday night only to learn that they had the days mixed up and they had been expecting us the previous night. It wasn't a big deal though, as the restaurant was absolutely dead. There were maybe only two other tables being used. The bar was empty.We were expecting something special for our wedding dinner, but the server didn't even mention it. He gave us a sheet with two options for our prix fixe menu. Again, we were surprised that the menu didn't even look nice. It was just on a standard sheet of paper, nothing mentioning weddings or special events. It would have been very easy and cheap to make this a little extra nice. The server wasn't even aware of our options and had to look at the menu with us. We could't tell if he was just new or totally indifferent.We went with the first option, which was seven courses. I can't remember all of the courses, but it  included a big variety. The sushi was okay and I liked the mixed- green salad. The miso cod was awful. We both took one bite and pushed it aside. I also didn't care for the pork buns, which were a fancy version of a cheap dish that I always get in Chinatown. We liked the pineapple cake for dessert.Our meal included two small bottles of a floral sake wine for a toast. We ended up ordering more alcohol and with tip, spent close to a hundred dollars. I have no clue what the actual value of our meal was, however, I would have preferred to have been given a dollar amount and ordered off of the regular menu. We would have rather had some sushi of our own choosing. The courses that we ate were really hit and miss. Nothing was outstanding.Besides the complete lack of acknowledging our special event ( especially since our dinner was arranged through the wedding chapel as part of their package), the service was spotty. At one point, three courses came out at the same time and often our drinks were left unfilled. Our server would disappear and another employee would have to track him down. It happened twice.This restaurant was a huge let-down.
4	This review is for their social hour (AKA happy hour) as that is what brought me here in the first place. So social hour is daily (including weekends) from 5-8PM but ONLY in the bar area which consists of about 6 tables and the bar itself (10 seats?). It is on a first come first serve basis but if it's full when you arrive, you can have the hostess add you to be next to sit in the bar area. The restaurant is a little hard to find as it's in the Crystals mall on the 2nd floor next to Mastro's huge treehouse looking venue. So onto the food:Watermelon Sake - Strong but with a good watermelon taste. Needless to say though, I did not drink much of that. Tonkotsu ramen with added pork belly - At $11, this is a steal in Las Vegas. The broth was not bland and the pork belly was a huge slice, not just a scrawny piece. Inside was green onions, bamboo, and bean sprouts. Enough to make me full and suck up my alcohol intake for later on in the night. My friend ordered the miso ramen with pork belly and enjoyed his bowl as well. Kobe beef roll - Something new. The beef was crispy which I enjoyed. Don't expect a gigantic roll though.Angry Tuna Roll - Tempura fried seaweed with fillings of tuna inside the roll. The portion on this roll was more so than the Kobe beef roll but also a more heavy roll in terms of per bite. I prefer the more light taste.Cod Butter lettuce cup - I really liked this and could have ordered 2 more for myself. The It's lettuce cup with chunks of grilled cod (seasoned well) and crispy noodles on top. Definitely suggest trying this. Overall meal came out to be about $70. Both of us were full. Will be back to try other social hour menu items soon!
5	YUM!!!!!!!!!!!This place is so nice, hard to find too. Our waiter was so friendly. The menu was just perfect. I'm not big on sushi, but this place changed that for the night. I guess just where I'm from sushi doesn't taste like Vegas sushi. Salmon Avacado Cut RollTomato RollAngry Tuna Roll - Best roll I've ever had in my lifeI never liked beer until that night, we tried the Sapporo which is Japanese Rice Draft Lager. Delicious! It didn't have that normal beer aftertaste. Yes, this place is a total win! They also had Sake named Super 9 on the list for $2,500l. Someone should try that for me and tell me how it tasted.
5	I had my wedding cocktail reception here and the food was really excellent! Everything came out quickly and the staff that passed it all out was very friendly. They trays came out at a good pace, but my guests wanted more kobe beef tacos! Those were EXCELLENT! We had the sliders, a number of maki sushi rolls, egg plant lettuce wraps that were my absolute favorite! The bartenders for our party were awesome too. Definitely want to come back and try the happy hour menu or the tasting that was advertised, sounds amazing! Thank you Social House for making my wedding memorable!
4	Everything about this place was great!!Made a reservation through yelp (via opentable) and they had a seat saved for me....the place was pretty empty but they sat me near the front...not the most intimate table in the house but whatever..... did many of the recommendations from the server - who was on point about every dish.  They had a special there - Collar of a yellow-tail...which the server described as buttery air...and that was exactly how it tasted...perfection.  Drinks were good and ambiance was nice.  I wish I could have one starred my date...she was horrible
4	One of my favorite sushi restaurants in Vegas.  Went for the happy hour at bar. Menu limited fir happy hour but ramen was excellent with pork belly. One of best items on the menu is the yellowtail with jalapeno sashimi.
5	Kind of a staple for my hangovers in vegas. The happy hour from 5-8 is amazing - everything is ridiculously cheap! The lunch prix fix menu is good, you have a choice of miso soup, house salad, or sunomono for your starter, and a bunch of ramen and meat choices for your entree. You also have a choice of rolls to go along with your entree. All for $20! Love this place.
3	There are certain standards that i have when dining and water is one of them. Las Vegas tap water is probably one of the tasting waters I've tried, so i try to order bottled water every place we go in Vegas. Long story short - This place was very trendy - the staff was great, but the food was just ok. We went for lunch and they had a fixed menu option for $20 (great value) You get 3 items - preselected items of course. Myself i did the miso soup, chicken teriyaki, and spicy tuna roll with bottled water. The miso soup was very high in sodium, The chicken teriyaki bowl was good in portion and the chicken was cooked good, but the sauce and season  was lacking. The Spicy tuna roll tasted like pre made stuff at whole foods. The highlight of my meal was my fuji water. It came in a custom made chill cup made of metal. I didn't know it was $10 until i got the bill. The fact that Tony Hawk was dining next to us and greeted us on the way out - probably isn't enough to get my to eat here again. I will still recommend this place because of the lunch prefix menu and the value that has. Considering there is nothing in Vegas that has the word "value' in it.
2	Located in the Crystals mall in Vegas. We had been craving Sushi since landing and stumbled upon Social House within Crystals. The first sign of trouble was when they told us they were out of Yellowtail. Next time that happens we're walking out because in this instance bad things ensued. Had the Price Fixed lunch - chicken teriyaki over rice, miso soup & spicy tuna roll - chicken was dry, sushi roll was bland and miso soup did not taste like miso. Ordered the Kobe beef sliders and fries - fries were good, nothing exceptional, sliders were uber thin and the buns were average. If you have a different option for sushi, take it. We hit Blue Ribbon the next evening and OMG it was spectacular. Atmosphere at Social House is decent, not too crowded and conveniently located.
4	Shopping for expensive goodies...worked up an appetite!Saw their advertised lunch prix fixe starting at $20.  The Tonkotsu Ramen stood out to me....but how does it fare considering the location?I started off with the Sunomono. This was a little bland IMO. I would try the soup or salad next time.  Nothing really stood out to me here, and yes, I have had some great renditions of this simple dish :)Tonkotsu Ramen Noodles ($5 add). This was delicious! Much better than I was expecting actually. The Pork was cooked to a crisp on the edges, so it had a nice consistency and flavor, but the insides were a little less tender than others around town.  Solid choice though!Third Course : Spicy Tuna Roll. This was ok...decent flavor in the roll and fish tasted fresh.  Don't expect anything out of the ordinary here.And to finish, I wasn't sure if I was going to order dessert or just a drink.  But when I saw this choice on the menu, it seemed like a good mix of both :Blue Yuzu Ice Cream Float ($15): Grey Goose Le Citron, Blue Curacao, Fresh Yuzu Juice, Virgils Cream Soda and Vanilla Ice Cream. This was surprisingly tart from the yuzu juice. It was very overpowering, so if you aren't a fan of yuzu, stay away! If you enjoy yuzu though, it's pretty tasty...just very tart.Overall, lunch felt a tad spendy at $25+, but considering the location and how good the Ramen was, I would say it was worth it!Give it a try...esp if you are craving ramen in the area :)Pics:
4	Tucked away inside the Crystals mall, it's a great little joint to try after a full day of shopping!We came here for lunch and it's pretty hard to find especially being next to Wolfgangs. The sign is super small so if you're looking for the place, it's right in front of Stella McCarthy.We opted for the prix fixe lunch menu since it seems like the best deal to get. I ordered the seafood ramen, spicy tuna roll, and salad. The bf ordered the loco moco, salmon roll, and salad as well.Everything was delish!! From the salads to sushi to entrees, everything was very good! I especially liked my seafood ramen. It had a very good broth to it. Hot and flavorful. The loco moco was good as well. Their gravy was good and a good meat patty to their rice.Service was top notch too. Out waiter was friendly, fast, and very attentive. Overall, I had an awesome lunch here at Social House. The prix fixe menu is definitely bang for your buck! More than enough food for $20 a person! Next time, I definitely want to try their dinner menu or happy hour!
3	Came here because I wanted some ramen since it's so cold in Vegas in the winter at night, didn't know it was only for lunch (I guess that was my fault)Dinner menu was very expensive, and the food was not that impressive :( the portion was very small you have to order at least 6 items for 2 people We spent $90 for two people and we had to go get burgers afterwardsDon't get me wrong, the food is not bad, but just that it's so pricey I expected something greater than decent sushi. There are so many good places on the strip I wouldn't choose this place again next time.
4	I went here last month during a vegas trip for happy hour and was surprisingly impressed by this place. It is located in the Crystals shopping center and slightly pass Mastro's Ocean Club. We had the hot sake and lychee infused sake. Both very good. For food, we ordered the Kobe sliders, kalbi beef roll, angry tuna roll, nasu spicy miso. We also ordered a yellowtail roll from the regular menu. The nasu is a soft eggplant dish and really tasty. The food was all pretty good and reasonable because of the happy hour special. The only one I would not recommend is the Kobe sliders because you only get 2 burgers for $10. I will be back next time i'm in vegas.
5	We had such a wonderful meal - went with my parents and partner. We had the sunkissed roll, wild mushrooms, orange chicken, kobe gyoza, and vegetable tempura. The service wasn't quite 5 star but in the end the meal was worth the 5 star rating.
5	I loved the yellowtail in jalepenos..yumm..salmon tartare..and the lettuce cups were all amazing
4	After trying to find a decent sushi place on the strip, I decided on Social House as the photos of the sushi didn't look like there was an excessive amount of rice, nor did they  look sloppily made (as some other restaurants have). Coming here was a good choice. We ordered the sunrise, salmon and avocado, and spicy tuna rolls and they were all very good. The bf particularly enjoyed the spicy tuna a lot as it was not the normal "paste" that sushi restaurants usually incorporate into the rolls, but real spicy tuna pieces. The sunrise roll was excellent. I thoroughly enjoyed the touch of lemon that was on top. I did, however, think that there was too much mayo inside of the sunrise roll. For dessert, we ordered the panko-crusted truffle cake, which was deep fried and had a decadent chocolate lava filling inside. I was not expecting that much from the dessert, but it was spectacular. The chocolate tasted a bit dark and the cake itself was yummy, for having panko in it (not used to it being in a dessert). We also tried their unfiltered sake (momokawa) and it was pretty good. I'm not a fan of sake and I liked it (:Prices are high as this restaurant is located in the Crystal shopping mall next to Aria, but service is very friendly and the food is great. Also note that this is a fusion tapas restaurant, which means small portions. The sunrise roll had 8 pieces and the other two had 6 I believe. Sunrise was on the speciality roll list, so it was $22. The other two were cheaper, around $12. Will consider coming back for their prix fixe lunch next time.
5	Came here for a client dinner. Nice ambiance, pricy menu but interesting selections. Aria hotel's sushi restaurant was closed for a private function so we tried this place instead and were happy we did!  We tried several small plates and shared with the table. It was great.
5	Just came back from Vegas this past weekend. I go often and love to explore new food restaurants. This I must say is up there with one of my favorite restaurants ever! We were seated upon arriving in the front. Very comfortable chairs and ambiance. We were waited by a young woman named Lindsay. She made the experience for my best friend I one of the best restaurants experiences. She was so warming and helpful with every question we had. We decided to give their 7 course meal a try. No regrets! They prepared us 7 dishes, most not on the menu, to eat. So good! The quality of the food is one of the best I have tasted. Everything was prepared just right. The deserts were another story now. One of the best, well presented deserts ever. We got to try two of them. We requested for the Desert chef to come out since my friend is going to culinary school and thanked her for the amazing treats. Overall, a must go to spot. Cant wait to go again and hopefully get the wonderful staff that helped us out! Thanks Lindsay for the amazing experience here.
5	Amazing food. Amazing service. Amazing environment.  I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone visiting Vegas.  Try the Yellow Tail, it is by far the highlight of their menu.
5	A good friend took us there and paid so can't comment on the prices---outstanding staff and food......will return
2	We ate at Social House when it was at a Treasure Island and thought it was great. We tried it today and it was very disappointing.  We had short ribs (cold and too oily), various rolls (not bad but nothing special), chicken teriyaki (texture was odd almost as if it was baked and not like most chicken), we had several other dishes and our bill came out for five people to $350. We were all unsatisfied with the food.  Wouldn't recommend this place at all.
2	The food was "So So." The sliders were ok, not the most flavorful and the bread came out ice cold. The sushi bar was not open, and only a select options were available. Also, the sauces I felt has no favor to them; wasabi was not spicy so I had to add a lot, spicy mayo was not good at all. Was not what I was expecting.  I would not recommend coming here at this time of day (mid day Sunday).On a good note. The service was excellent! The waiter even tried to ask the chef if he would make a dinner option for me, but that was a no go.
2	We were staying at the cosmopolitan and searched for a sushi place nearby, this place caught my eye because of the reviews, once we got there our waiter seemed to be in a bad mood, every small request seemed like such a burden, their menu changes for dinner and would not go again just because of their service, the bus boy was nicer than the waiter.
5	As an employee in the Crystals Shopping Mall, I find myself at Social House for lunch quite a bit. They have an amazing 3 course lunch special for only $20 and it hits the spot every time. The staff is always friendly and eager to assist and the service is fast. The kitchen is always on point, and the bartenders don't even wait for me to ask to fill up my drink. I haven't had their dinner, but if it is anything like their lunch specials it will no doubt be worth it. Social House is a place where I know I will get quality service and quality food at any price range.
4	I enjoy their lunch menu and hamachi ! I always get the ramen and tuna roll with a salad! They also have a great wasabi Bloody Mary . Yummmm !!! It is a very convenient location in the crystals mall. Service is ok, it is never too busy yet their hostess and waitstaff seem to be too busy. I wanted to refill my water a couple times lol
3	A little pricey for decent sushi. Ambiance is nice and I like the variety of soft seating near the front. Our waiter was excellent, despite having to leave 3-4 times to ask the kitchen questions. My dinner companion was pregnant so she wanted to be careful about what she ordered. I expected more from the lobster tempura special roll, especially for it being priced at $23-24. It was ok. The spicy tuna hand roll was good- the tuna was an actual chunk of fish with a spicy sauce instead of the mushed up spicy tuna I'm used to from my regular sushi places. The nori was oddly chewy- it was not very pleasant. I noticed it more on the tuna roll than the lobster, but the texture was off.
4	Great food and nice atmosphere! It was very expensive, considering what we got, but it's in Las Vegas on the Strip, so I wouldn't really expect anything less.Wait staff was all very kind and made good suggestions for my partner who is allergic to gluten and dairy. Not everyone is as understanding.Presentation of the food was very nice and their selection of teas was also surprisingly good. Not just the usual one choice that most restaurants give you!
4	Good food, excellent ambiance, but way over priced.  Gyoza for $19 is too much.  It was good, but nothing to brag about.  Rolls were yummy, but prices were too steep.  Staff was excellent!  Service was very goodThere isn't anything there that I was obsessed about so there isn't anything to drive me back to pay the high prices.  If I found an amazing dish or a flavor I coudn't get anywhere else the prices may be worth it.  Unfortunately, it was good, but the prices will keep me from being a regular here.Oh and I did like the wet (tres leche) green tea dessert, it was quite good... but I love that style of dessert.
4	Good service, nice atmosphere and good food. I had one of the best wines from here, I prefer sweet wine and they had a great plum wine that tasted like dessert. The portion size is a little small but the quality of the sushi was good.
1	Disappointing.  Got there and the place was 1/3 empty, asked for a table, told it would take 30 mins and that we could drink at the bar.  Went on OpenTable through Yelp and found a table immediately.   Told the hostess and she seemed annoyed and told us she would "squeeze" us in.  Cocktail was sub-par.  The wine was good.   My short rib was awful.  Doused with this terrible soy-like sauce and a few pebbles of couscous.  That taste was in my mouth for an hour and was so bad I had to go to Walgreens to buy Tic Tac's.  And I dropped $90 for 1 main, 1 edimame, 2 drinks for me, and 1 for my friend.   Expensive and not worth it.
4	Came in for Happy Hour and will for sure try it out again. Good Deal, VERY friendly/social bartenders and great sushi and Ramen soup.
4	Food is good and the price point isn't too shabby either for Vegas standards. We ordered a bunch of items. The ones that I recommend sticking clear from are the Jidori Chicken, Hanger Steak, and Miso Cod. Oh, and the broccoli side dish too. You can totally make that at home and not be charged a leg for ;).
4	Social house is good, but damn is this place pricey. I had drinks and small plates here when I was recently in Vegas. When perusing their food menu I noticed they had crispy pata. Crispy pata is an old school filipino dish. It's a deep fried pork knuckle served with soy sauce for dipping. Don't knock it until you try it ! It was staple at our house when my dad and uncles would all drink together. Total comfort food for me. Crispy pata is also known for being hella cheap too.  My wife and I ordered the crispy pata which was cooked perfectly and tasted bomb. The skin was crispy and pork was juicy and not too greasy. It was as good as the hole in the wall filipino places in LA , but damn $28 though? My lola is probably turning over in her grave if she knew how much we paid for that damn savory, juicy, deep fried pork knuckle goodness. Sorry lola! =(The decor, ambiance and service at Social House is great. Although, the decor did remind me of a more upscale version of PF changs. Not hating. Just keepin it real. Plus I love PF Changs.3.55 stars, rounding up to 4.
2	We were on our way to the Cosmo Pool for Lorde and wanted a quick small meal, so we decided to give their happy hour a try.I arrived first before my friends, and when I approached the hostess stand, I was "greeted" by a very bitchy hostess. I told her there were two more people coming, and we were there for happy hour, so she leads me to the bar area and gives me one menu (not even the happy hour menu) and promptly leaves. I sat for a good 10 minutes before someone even came over (the place was dead) my friends arrive and someone finally makes it around. We place our orders, I went with Salmon Tartare and Steamed Broccoli with Calamansi Soy. The salmon was so salty, it wasn't edible, I ended up eating the taro chips it came with and the broccoli was all dried out. For 2 items and 2 drinks, my bill (with tip) was $40. Sorry Social House, this is "not so happy hour". Won't be coming back.
3	The food was ok, but the price made it less than desirable. Overpriced, and incredibly small portions. I gave it three stars as the service was great. If you want good Asian fusion, I recommend going elsewhere.
4	excellent service.had their Premium Omakase at $125.you really get full, but the courses that you get were just okay.....nothing out of this world.
5	The best place to get a fresh bite!  Conveniently located in the heart of Crystals Shopping where the best boutiques collide with this awesome sake tasters choice spot. With PremierClubTours member you get a awesomely generous discount.
2	Mediocre food priced ridiculously. Service was bad, there was one server in the entire dining area. Thought going through my head all night and after: should've gone to mastro's. Probably never coming back, and wouldn't  recommend it. Really should've just gone to mastro's for the price we paid. I love going out to eat and I really don't mind paying but 2 so so cocktails, 2 blah apps, 2 okay entrees = $200 not worth it. Should've just gone to mastro's. I feel so much regret.
4	Service:  Everyone was very nice and patient with my sister and I.Food:  Great.  We had lunch specials with ramen and a roll of sushi.Atmosphere:  Very nice.  I look forward to going back again.
3	Food was amazing, though small portions for the super high price. Cocktails were great to but still very pricy. We came here during our honeymoon and spent $150 before tip for four plates and four drinks and left hungry. Most likely will not be back.
1	* We were unable to even try the food because of your arrogant hostess. ......
5	AMAZING dinner experience! The yellow tail sashimi was mind blowing. Thai beef cups & the rolls we had (don't recall which ones) were delicious. Waitress was fantastic & the place is beautiful inside. I highly recommend visiting the Social House.
4	I love the Big Eye Tuna Pizza. Fresh Tuna slices with sweet Eel sauce and Black Tobiko on top of the puffy pastry. make to perfect match on the taste bib. All of my friends really like the seared Bronzino which is sea bass with chili soya sauce. The Kabocha pasta was just a ok. Cook too soft. Kobe Gyoza which is Kobe dumping Japanese style. This dish is petty good too. Teriyaki Chicken is above standard. The chicken is very juicy and tender. Service is very tentative.
5	Nicely decorated , with friendly staff. A must try is the seared Albacore roll!! Loved it!
5	Great food and atmosphere.  Prices are reasonable even by non las Vegas standards.  Check out the lunch specials.
5	My friends and I went here for my bachelorette and had a fantastic time! The manager was really nice and hooked us up. He's a man of his word. We ate delicious food and loved the ambiance. I also really liked that they were swift since we had to get to a club to be treated like VIPs. I would go here again. :)
1	The food is mediocre for the price. The service is continually the worst I have ever experienced. I keep giving this place chance after chance but I officially think they don't care about making money or customer service. What happened this last visit was after sitting down and ordering they told me their credit card system was down and I would have to pay cash or room charge of which I had neither--so they took my meal away before I could touch it and I left. I was appalled.
1	Food very good but not worth the price.  Our disappointing experienced was ruined near the beginning of our meal.  Ate there last night with a party of 6 for a friend's bday. Aalina was our server.  When she dropped off martinis ordered, a good portion spilled on our my friend's arm and on the table. She recognized that it had happened and asked my friend if she was ok.  My friend being nice said yes with her shoulder soaked in martini. That was the extent of her concern. She never came back to bring napkins for my friend to wipe herself nor the puddle on the table next to her.  Her martini glass was served half empty and was never offered a replacement nor even to top it off. She never came around to check to see if the food was acceptable.  The night ended with friend cleaning her shoulder off in the Aria's bathroom and a completely ruined dining experience.  For the price (should be $$$$ for what they charge), service from McDonald's is more considerate.  Food was good but not for the price. Where they gouge you is on the service!
5	Awesome food and awesome staff!
5	Handsdown... Amayyzzing!!! THE BEST sushi I've ever had in my life! Online menu looks totally different and I don't see the items I had but oh, how I miss this place!
5	Love love love this place. Food is delicious, service was quick, friendly, and helpful. Love the chill vibe and atmosphere. Will definitely come back next time I'm in Vegas. Try the yellowtail jalapeno sashimi, it was perfect.
4	Went here after a mean hang over from the night before. But their lunch combo made it all worth it. I had the sunomono salad, tonkatsu ramen, and a salmon and avocado roll with a wasabi bloody mary. It was bomb dot com. The environment is lovely as well and waiters/waitresses are always attending to you to make sure everything is ok :).
1	I was very disappointed in Social House on my second visit. I first went this past Thursday evening and ordered the Sashimi platter. It was very delicious - very fresh fish, real wasabi, and great service. It was so good that we went back for another meal on Sunday evening. This time, it was a completely opposite experience. We ordered the sashimi platter again, but this time the fish was not fresh at all. The cut of tuna sashimi that they served was not only not fresh, but also a horrible cut with tendon and very chewy. I had a stomach ache after for an hour or so. We also ordered two of the modern sashimi platters - one with Yellowtail and the other with albacore. It was obvious that it was not freshly made as the server brought it out literally 1 minute later, and it tasted like they just took it out of the fridge. Gross. When I asked why the fish was not fresh, the server just gave me some not relevant BS answer about how the fish is flown in from Alaska. Horrible service!I don't know what happened social house, but I was sorely very disappointed after many positive visits by my friends and I. We will not be back.
4	Happy Hourrrr! My favorite combination of words. They serve happy hour everyday at the bar until 8 (sorry..can't remember what time it starts). Who doesn't love a place that offers happy hour daily?! Anddd with great food options? Can't beat that. So, I ordered the Tonkotsu Ramen for $8 and the Angry Tuna Roll. Both were packed with flavor and super tasty. I don't even like fish, but I was so intrigued by the description of the angry tuna roll that I decided to try it out. It did not disappoint me at all. The broth to the ramen had the perfect amount of seasoning and the noodles were cooked just right. The ambiance was also really cute - would be perfect for date night. If you're concerned about the overpriced regular menu - then you should at least give happy hour a shot!
3	We just left here. A little disappointed in two things. The bartender Phil had a very negative energy for an Asian restaurant. He seemed unpleasant as if he didn't wanna be there or something and he showed that through his service. Secondly, the chicken teriyaki was over cooked. I felt that the place over all was a fun hip cool place to go to but something's need more attention.
4	Great service and happy hour!  Loved the sliders and fries, Yellowtail sushi and Angry roll.  The Tonkatsu Ramen was overall delicious.  The broth is a lifesaver if you feel a bit under the weather.  Some of the noodles clumped together which I wish had been prepared a bit better but other than that, it was a good dish.  Water refills were frequent and the staff was very pleasant, attentive and kind.  I'd definitely come back for more happy hour!
3	More like 2-stars due to its ridiculous prices for not-so-fresh sashimi, but bump up to 3-stars due to one thing and one thing only - the citrus peel miso cod. Miso cod was just THAT GOOD.Came here 30 minutes before the store closed and the restaurant was 90% empty. Well, empty restaurant = no RSVP = we got seated immediately. Yellowtail Jalapeno (Crispy Jalapeno, Garlic Dust, Tiny Cilantro, Calamansi Soy - $22) - Yellowtail didn't tasted super fresh, but I did like the fried jalapeno.Wagyu "Kobe" Sashimi (Spicy Ponzu $38) - Very disappointed. Again, sashimi didn't tasted fresh and nothing really special about ponzu sauce. Citrus Peel Miso Cod (Classic Lemon & Miso Glazed Black Cod - $26) - Absolutely stunning - definitely one of the best black cod I've had. I've tried other black cods and usually they were 1) too small of a portion or 2) not flavorful. This one was juicy, tender, melt-in-my-mouth, and HUGE portion.You know what, I might come back here again just for that giant miso cod and I will also give its tonkotsu ramen a try. I can't really recommend anything else other than the 5-stars worthy miso cod.
5	We sat at the bar for Social Hour (Happy Hour), $8 sake was a great deal. Loved the service from Joe and Manny at the bar, both were highly helpful and conversational. We loved this place so much came back the next night to have the Sushi, the Sun Dried Tomato roll is incredible. We loved the dark atmosphere and it's becoming my favorite place to eat and chill in Vegas. I will be back my next visit to try dinner.
5	Go for social hour 5-8pm. Angry tuna roll and pork belly ramen are incredible. Also had the broccoli, yummmmm!
4	Happy hour is the time to go. Ordered the 3 course meal for $20. Got the salad, tokontsu ramen ($5 extra) and spicy tuna roll cut. Spot on especially after a rage night in Vegas! Hahah
1	Completely mediocre. I have eaten ALOT of sushi and this was a waste. Especially for the money. Service slow. Sushi not tasting to fresh and mucho $$$. Had 1 roll 2 beers and 5 orders of nigiri for $137... Ouch....
1	After going here for my and my husband's 1 year anniversary, i believe that social house pays people to write good reviews. The $125 we paid for 2 rolls, a few beers, and miso and edamame might not have felt like such a rip off if the amount of fish in our rolls was even detectable. The lemon slices on top of my salmon roll were thicker than the salmon slices on top of the roll. Nasty. Starting to lose faith in yelp.
4	This place would have had a full 5 stars if our hostess had paid attention to us when we walked in. She didn't really even welcome us which only lead to us sitting anywhere near the bar area and waiting for a few minutes before someone noticed that we were there to hand us over a menu and gives us a better welcome. I did notice she was on her phone while at the front as a hostess, not cool if you ask me. She also left a few minutes later so I am assuming she didn't really care being that it might have been the end of her shift. Ok on to the better things about this place. Super cute and cozy, somewhat romantic atmosphere. Our waiter was nice and even helpful when we asked about the drinks. We also happened to show up during their happy hour. Their happy hour menu is pretty decent, 5pm -8pm every day INCLUDING WEEKENDS!!We ordered their kokonattsu ($8) coconut flavor, semi strong drink and a Mothra Japanese Bellini ($9) sweet and refreshing, both drinks were easy to drink, enjoy and get a nice little buzz going. We decided to try their Angry Tuna Roll ($10) to share. The Angry Tuna Roll consisted of spicy tuna (duh!), avocado, a little jalapeno that wasn't spicy, and sweet amazu ponzu onion (which was super delicious). The roll is also deep fried. BOMB.COM!! I loved it! We were very tempted after the roll to order some more food such as their salmon tartare, kobe slidders and ramen.. Gosh,  that only means we totally have to go back!! Get a few drinks in, some tasty food and roam the Crystals shopping center. I wonder if I would have gotten a few more drinks in the husband, if I would have had any lucky coming out with a new purse or fancy shoes hahaha. Will definitely come back to Social House.
1	Don't waist a penny on this place. Just visited with 6 gals. We placed our order and she mentioned it wasn't a lot of food, she wasn't kidding!! We ordered 6 dishes and we we're lucky to get 3 pieces a piece! $40 later (each) we decided to leave. I love my sushi but I can't even give this place one star. The service, food and cost we're horrible. Sorry.
5	Had come here a long time ago when Social house was part of TI but was glad to find them now in the city center area. Centrally located on strip and a lot of good sushi choices as well as great decor and music. Found out they had a relatively cheap happy hour and came down twice for good eats and $3 beers. Service was good and friendly as well.... A must on HH menu was the angry tuna rolls...soooo good!! Definitely recommend for sushi in Vegas....
5	This is the best sushi in Vegas by far! I absolutely love their sushi and even better is their gluten free desserts! Most restaurants don't have gluten free deserts let alone hot lava cake! It's AMAZING! I go to Social House at least twice a week because I love it so much :) and I am no wealthy person so the prices are affordable especially for what your getting! The manager Charlie is the nicest manager I have ever met in a restaurant and so welcoming. She took time to talk to me about the gluten free desserts and what she likes, it is a lot of the reason I like to come because she is a over the top manager! All of the bartenders are AWESOME too and so patient and kind! I order unusual orders and they always make me feel as if it's not complicated at all! If you haven't tried Social House you MUST go try!
3	Came here during the hh and had donkatsu ramen with pork belly for $10. Not a bad deal. For me the broth was a little salty and the noodles were all clumped up in my soup...our server was attentive and friendly but that was the only good thing. Plus I just hate the smell of this mall and the smell got in the way of eating as well. It smells like a reallll strong version of v&r flower bomb.
5	Ordered the lunch 3 course prix fixe for $20. It was such a good meal for a great price. I started with the house greens. The salad was cool and refreshing. My second course was the seafood ramen which was my favorite of the three courses. Plenty of seafood and flavorful broth. My husband chose the tonkatsu (pork belly w/ poached egg) ramen. He really enjoyed this, as well. My final course was the shrimp tempura rolls. These were also very good. I would definitely come back next time we're in Vegas.
5	Amazing experience!  Food was delicious,  we went with the Omakase 7 course menu on our server's recommendation and were not disappointed.  Each dish was tastier than the last, and we got to experience the whole range of the menu.  The service was friendly and enhanced our dinner service. On a side note: whoever gave Philip a bad review obviously doesn't have a clue, as he is awesome.
1	I rarely write negative reviews, but I make an exception for Social House. I live here in Las Vegas where good sushi is abundant and reasonably priced and fun. Social House has none of these merits. The sushi is mediocre, at best, over priced and the service is somewhere between poor and abominable.
2	If you're looking for sushi, definitely do not come here. We had a lunch pre fixe meal and it consisted of a miso soup/salad, tonkatsu ramen and salmon avocado roll. The soup was great and ramen was superb, the pork slices especially delicious. BUT on to the roll. Oh my god the roll was served very cold, the salmon was not fresh, definitely old, and the rice just tasted bad, like really bad. The result was a weird dark berry taste combination when you mix it in soy sauce. Yes that sounds weird but I swear that the best description for what horror my roll experience was. Had i not been for the sushi I would give this place 3-4 stars, but that definitely ruined it.
1	Stupid place called them make me walk back n front n gave me wrong direction! U just lost 4 costumers! blamed it on the person who pick up the phone!
5	Amazing sashimi and rolls - fantastic service too! Everyone was so friendly. Can't wait to come again!!
2	This place is just okay.  It's quite a bit of money for fairly underwhelming food.The staff seem a bit aloof as well.If you're looking for authentic Japanese, venture off the strip to Raku (but make reservations though).
4	So far so good! My amazing friend told me about this place and its happy hour from 5-8pm. Working inside a casino -- you start to run out of places to go for lunch and this is a nice gem over at Crystals. I only tried out 3 things off this HH menu and that's really all I need. They've got ramen -- choice of either tonkotsu or miso. And of course, my personal favorite is tonkatsu. The broth is delish! It might possibly be my favorite broth here in Vegas :0). My friend said it was better than the last time she came here, too. The noodles were a bit too soft for my liking but still good nonetheless. Maybe next time I can request firm noodles or something. We also ordered angry tuna and salmon avocado rolls. Yums. Both are good but I especially love salmon + avocado so that's a winner. They're $8 per order for the rolls. $8 for the ramen as well. Service for food was as expected but the ramen will take awhile to come out. We finished with our rolls and the ramen still wasn't ready. The hostess just gave I'm-stuck-up vibes though but everything else in terms of service was good. I will be back! :0)TLDR:Happy hour 5-8pm$8 tonkotsu or miso ramen$8 yummy salmon avocado rollPricing during HH only
4	YUM!Came here for lunch after a late night of drinking and LOVED the lunch pre fix menu. First of all, my friend came here almost 6 months ago around the same time and the server remembered her and her order. MAJOR kudos for that. Miso soup, tonkatsu ramen and the spicy tuna ALL hit the spot. $25? Total steal. I'm absolutely will be back when I'm in Vegas.
3	Came here for dinner with a few of the girls when we were in Vegas. The food here is pretty good, but nothing super special. Rolls are about $25-30, but what do you expect 1. for sushi and 2. in Vegas?The edamame in their sweet chili sauce was really good, and their kelp salad was good too. Everyone seemed to enjoy their meal.However, the service was really, really slow. The restaurant was pretty empty when we arrived around 10:30pm, which is late for dinner anyways. There were maybe 4 other tables there but for whatever reason it took soooo long for the food to come out. We were starving!For 8 people, our bill was over $300. A bit steep in my opinion for good but average food. In a nutshell, good food but nothing spectacular, nice and friendly servers/ workers but slow service and a bit pricy for the value but a good, enjoyable meal. I wouldn't recommend this place but I also wouldn't recommend against it.
4	Friend and I were feeling like having some soup after a night out. Saw this place in the Crystals shopping center and thought "miso soup!" However, after looking at the menu they had something 10x better; Tonkotsu ramen!! I didn't have high hopes since I just came back from Japan recently, but I surprised that the broth was really good. In fact, writing this review reminds me to go back tomorrow. Although, broth was very tasty, the downside was that the egg was not japanese style and seemed like someone through a practically raw egg in (which I don't necessarily mind, but I wanted authentic soy sauce egg). Noodles were great and both my friend and I left very happy.
4	Happy hour specials are a great value & super yummy items off the main menu! Lindsey (hope I spelled her name right!) is a super friendly happy server with great recommendations!Ask for her!
4	Great for happy hour. Which they have every day  5 - 8. I had muso soup and tuna roll. Very giid. Decent wine and drink specials.  Bartender very friendly and efficient
5	Perfectly nestled outside of the Aria in the Crystal shops. Our first inclination was to skip on a mall restaurant... boy were we wrong.Their *social hour (happy hour) is stellar. Bronzed broccoli,  angry tuna roll, kobe sliders. Pair this with some cold or hot sake and pull up a cozy seat at the bar.Super friendly service and the occasional visit by the strip drunks- are just perks.So glad to have found this spot. Classy. Great food.  Great service. No brainer.
3	We were excited to get sushi while in Vegas so we choose this place to get out of the casino and try something different.  We had about 16 people and decided to get the $85/person tapas style package.  I don't remember everything we had, but I do remember everyone of them being good.  We ate for about 45 min and they stopped bringing dishes.  When they stopped I think everyone was a little disappointed because we were still craving more.  I would say taste and flavor are excellent, but volume and quantity are poor.  If you want to spend $85 and be filled up then there are probably better places, but if you want to eat and talk with friends while experiencing different sushi's flavors and food then this is a great place.
5	Amazing happy hour! Try the samurai roll, angry tuna roll and pork belly ramen. Don't miss the siphon coffee after dinner. Best coffee ever! Joe the bartender is fantastic, so sit in the lounge to enjoy the happy hour specials. Highly, highly recommend!!
1	If I could give this place no stars I would. Roll very small for the price. The miso was awful.
3	My husband and I had a late lunch here. We both ordered off the $20 - 25 lunch prix fixe menu. 3 courses: salad, ramen, and spicy tuna roll. Ramen was great and hit the spot. Spicy tuna roll was decent at best. Service was good. The meal was well worth the price.
2	Wanted this place to be great given the Yelp reviews but turns out it's just another sushi place. We showed up and the place was empty. According to a Yelper this was the best time to order the Omakase, so the chefs could go crazy and get creative. Omakase it was. I told our server that I can't have any thing breaded or with flour because I am gluten intolerant and will get sick. Note this for later in the review and what bumped them down to two stars. The first three courses were great, really inventive and good flavor. The 4th course was a very nicely prepared, but very typical miso black cod and not something I would expect on their "chef's choice creation" menu. The next dish was a pork dish and the pork was a bit dry. Flavor was a bit bland. Then the "sushi" course was truly disappointing. Usually one orders the omakase expecting some inventive stuff. This was just a plate of salmon sushi, yellowtail sushi, tuna sushi, red snapper sushi, and some other fish. No special anything. Just a piece of fish on the rice. Then came dessert. Tres leches CAKE. With flour. I told the server that I couldn't eat it and they replaced it with a mango pudding. Our server was super nice, but at times was a bit slow coming by our table, etc. It wasn't even that busy so I can't really let that slide either. Overall really over priced for the mediocrity that its food was. Service was middle of the road, but a big ding for them by serving me a glutenous dessert.
5	After a long day of walking the strip, waiting for the 9:30 showing of Zarkana we were dreaming of a spot with good food and drink deals, hoping to not have to go back out in the cold and dying for a comfy chair. We turned the corner and found Social House - all of our dreams came true. A hefty list of food and drink specials til 8pm, great chill atmosphere, super comfortable chairs and couches in the lounge, fast service and a plug nearby to charge my phone! We tried 8 different items on the happy hour menu. My faves were the seaweed salad and angry tuna roll. Bronzed broccoli was perfectly cooked. Only the Thai beef lettuce cups disappointed - a little bland. Overall, a great find!
2	Lunch special good menu except Sushi (spicy tuna) was disappointing as too chewy and fishy like.  Also $14 Bloody Mary mostly ice and served on a narrow glass.  Been here a few times in the past and seems to not be the same experience as before.  Too many other choices on the Strip, but will try again 1x time in the future. Good location though.
2	Came here for lunch with a good friend who works nearby. This was my second visit and thus I felt compelled to write a review. My overall rating is based on both of my experiences. Here's the breakdown:Service: Fantastic. Our server was there when we needed him, but not there when we didn't. Our order was taken correctly and delivered promptly. Food: Decent. Really nothing special. Here's what we ordered:Lunch Prix Fixe:Sunomono salad- bland. I had to add a ton of soy sauce to it to make it edible. I wish I would have gotten the green salad. Shrimp Tempura Donburi- just okay. Very small portion of shrimp. Salmon Avocado Cut Roll- awful. I have had better sushi off the strip. *During my previous visit I ordered the Tonkotsu Ramen Noodles and they tasted great, but killed my stomach afterwards. This ramen is very oily and it mainly consists of pork belly. My boyfriend ordered: Lunch Prix FixeMiso Soup- he remarked that it was average. It had almost a smoky taste, which he enjoyed, but it wasn't good enough to make him want to go back.Chicken Teriyaki Donburi- he noted it was a hair over cooked and nothing special.Spicy Tuna Cut Roll- he said it was not spicy and not very flavorful. Prices: The Lunch Prix Fixe is the way to go. It's an okay amount of food for $20. I was still hungry after my meal. I also don't think the quality of the food lives up to the price. I would charge $15 for the portion size and quality of the prix fixe.Atmosphere: The restaurant itself is really lovely. I love the decor and the vibe. It's a very comfortable and chic setting. Overall, I am not interested in visiting this place for a third time. I gave it two good tries and am still unimpressed.
5	Five Stars for Happy Hour menu - wonderful ramen (pork belly with miso)Five Stars for the Tres Leches Green Tea dessert4 to 4.5 stars for the Samurai sushi roll (one of us loved it, the other felt combination of ingredients overwhelmed each other)Friendly staff and good lounge music - pity it seems to be quiet Nice decor
4	Came here for the happy hour and was pleased w the specials. First off when we made our reservation we didn't realize the happy hour menu is only available in the bar, no reservation needed. So after sorting that out we ordered the angry tuna roll kelp salad and the wagyu Bibb lettuce cups. All were excellent. We also had a variety of sushi all decent, and topped it off w mochi. Overall this place was decent but not amazing. The regular menu prices were a bit high but w the HH specials I think this place was a good value for a strip sushi joint.
3	You should try the Wasabi Bloody Mary, just for fun XD
1	This place has the worst service I have ever seen. Waited over a hour for simple sushi rolls and nigiri and the parties behind us got similar food. Had a dinner reservation at 9pm and waited 45mins to get seated. Hi stress got this terrible attitude - never coming back
