4	No reviews yet?  This was a great place to eat, great service, good food, and they let you bring your own wine in.  Simple menu but only because the specialize in one thing...steak and frites :)I particularly like the endless bowl of fries.I'll definitely be back
4	Good food and better than average service in the heart of Montreal's Village area (Quartier Latin).  Try the Chateaubriand for two or my favorite, a rib steak.  They'll bring you fries until you pop if you don't tell them to stop.Don't forget to get a bottle of wine and take it with you before you go (SAQ, the liquor store in Quebec, is a block west of the restaurant.
4	My girlfriends and I wanted some streak and frites. So, this place definitely satisfied our craving. Plus, I love that this place is BYOW, so two of them purchased two bottles of red wine while my other friend and I got us a table. It's a trendy, classy place, but not over the top pretentious either. Although this place is probably know for steak, I ordered confit de canard (or duck confit). And it was quite tasty, juicy, and nicely seasoned. Also, the entree came with endless, bottomless frites.. so we were definitely full, buzzed, and happy. Oh, and we also shared escargot with cheese, which eh.. I don't think the cheese went well, so I wouldn't recommend it. Great dinner all around. Thank you, Steak Frite in my favorite Canadian city (so far), Montreal. :)
4	Perfect, right on St. Catherine's.  Summer outside, with a BYOB, plenty of SAC (liquor stores) close by. Nice food, good service, right on prices.....overall totally worth a visit !
2	The food here was FANTASTIC!  The service.... could have been better.While enjoying my vacation in Montreal and walking down the Rue de Saint Catherine, we came across this elegant-looking steak restaurant.  Everything looked so formal!  It was a bit on the pricey side, but... when in Rome... (or Montreal)..First off, it's a BYOB restaurant, so I'm a little confused as to why the staff was all jumbled together behind a bar with no alcohol...We waited for 15 minutes before actually being greeted and asked how many were in our party.  Obviously there was 2 of us.  She waved her hand and said, "Okay, I'll be back in a few minutes" - she then proceeded to play the part of waitress as well as hostess.  She took 3 tables orders before once again approaching us and then pointing over to a table that was empty and telling us to sit there.Upon waiting for someone to come over with wine glasses, I was disturbed to find crusty remains on all of my silverware - gross!  After telling the server, I was told that I could bring my silverware to the hostess station and wait for someone to replace them - um what?  So finally, after waiting a while, someone came over and started working the seating chart machine thing... I tried to get her attention, but she put her finger up and told me to wait.  Then, she finally acknowledged my need for clean silverware and obliged.The food was delicious.  The steaks were cooked to perfection - and are served with unlimited fries.  Each bite was juicy and tender.  Yum!The checkout was pretty basic, nothing to really dwell upon.  I wish the service was better here - they truly are not living up to the potential of this aesthetically elegant restaurant with a clearly talented culinary team.
3	Good, not great.  For a place that's called Steak Frite, their steaks and fries should be exceptional. They were both just average. The French onion soup was outstanding though. Service was friendly if a little slow. I'd probably not choose Steak Frite again, however if I were invited I would go.
4	Steak Frites is a small, reliable chain that has an outpost in Montreal's gay Village. I don't know much about their other restaurants, but this one has a pleasant gay vibe that is in keeping with the ambiance of the area. Outdoor dining was enjoyable and scenic. The service was friendly, although a bit erratic. The waiter had a beatific smile which made up for a multitude of sins. My companion and I had escargots gratine for appetizers and it was quite tasty. He had a filet mignon and I had the rack of lamb for entrees. I love lamb and this was well prepared and seasoned. The unlimited "frites" are a nice gimmick although they were hardly necessary in terms of the generous cuts of meat. We both declined dessert, had coffee, and then went off dancing to seek the next cut of meat.
4	Great spot for lunch, try the steak frites and bring your own bottle of wine - no corking fee!Steak was okay but fries/sauce were great an very reasonable price
2	Staying down by the gay village and wanted to try this place for a great steak and frites meal. Bring your own bottle wine if you want to drink with no corkage fee, food was fantastic with my steak cooked perfect, desert selection is good.  The service was good right up till the end. After paying for an $70 meal, not including alcohol, the server questioned the amount of tip I left. For starters tip is optional and second I decide how much to leave not the server.  I was told it is customary to leave 15% tip and questioned as to why I did not. If I did it again...zero tip!  I would have have a 4 star rating but the top issue left a sour taste in my mouth. I would not return to this restaurant when so many other great restaurants are in the area.
4	Happened to stumble on this place while walking thru gay village. I was so pleasantly surprised with their food and service. Our server informed us we could bring our own wine. Nice that there was no corking fee and places to buy wine close by. I got the 7 ounce steak and it came with unlimited fries and green beans. You get your choice of one of three sauces and I picked the mushroom sauce, and I was very happy with my choice. The meal also included salad and bread. All for $23 and All delicious! Steak was very tender and cooked to order. I liked they have a tapas dessert menu. Perfect sized portion of sweetness. One of the best meals I had in Montreal. The ambience was nice too.
1	Happened to go here for a group dinner for a friends birthday. Let me tell you, not worth your money. Don't waste your time spending money for shit food.  Horrible.   I'd rather eat a Taco Bell burrito out of a homeless mans mouth.
1	This Steak Frites gives the chain a bad name.  I have been to others, and they were fantastic.  This one, however, is absolutely terrible.  There are a bunch of servers standing around doing seemingly nothing at all.  For those of you that don't know, it's a bring your own wine steak restaurant.  Your steak comes with all you can eat fries; the servers come by with bowls of fries.  I was there with a group of about 12 people for a friend's birthday.  I ordered the 9oz steak, whereas my friend sitting across from me ordered the 7oz.  When our orders arrived, I immediately noticed that my steak was much smaller than my friend's, and was clearly not cooked to the temperature I had requested.  I asked the food runner to explain why my steak was much smaller than my friend's, considering that I ordered the larger steak.  She insisted that my order was correct and walked away.  As I sat there stunned for a moment, the original server came by to see how things were, and I voiced my concerns to him.  He admitted that my steak did not look right, and was over cooked (I had ordered it medium rare).  He took it back to the kitchen.  To my surprise, the same steak came back on a different plate with vegetables missing, delivered by the same food runner as earlier.  I once again told them that this steak is not what I ordered, and requested that they fire a new steak for me, 9oz and medium rare.  As the steak was returned to the kitchen again, I saw the servers and kitchen staff discussing my order.  After another wait, my steak finally is brought to the table.  By that time, the rest of my entourage had finished their meals, and the table was being cleared.  When I asked if I could get some fries to go with my steak (the restaurant is called Steak Frites, after all), I was told that the kitchen was closed.To my surprise, my bill came, full charge, no compensation for the mix up with my order or for not serving me fries with my meal.  Obviously, I left no tip.  When the server noticed that I did not leave a tip, he asked if there was a problem.  Seriously???I will never step foot in this restaurant again.
3	My boyfriend and I were looking forward to our first dinner in Montreal, hoping for a unique dining experience. Unfortunately the restaurant we originally wanted to go to this night had closed down. We were starving and on a time crunch, so Steak Frites it was. Had no idea this place was a chain. The menu was not really creative and the frites weren't fresh - and lacked salt. There was nothing BAD about our steak, but nothing on the plate wowed us. Tiny portions, but maybe that is just a french thing. Special dipping sauces were gross. Outside seating was nice though, and the hostess was very sweet.
1	What a horrible place. First the positive thing(s): the decor was nice. Ok, now to the drag: The service was awful, the prices were ridiculous for what you got, the plating was similar to a chain production, with servers walking around with a bowl of fries literally throwing it on your plate while walking by.I had a filet mignon at $36 and hoped it would be worth it. But it was far from that. It was not even grilled on fire, but on a hot plate. It was around 4 ounces and prepared obviously by a giant batch processing, not tender and seared way to deep and dry as a fart. The plating was to trow some green beans on the plate with some (very creative) raw tomatoes on the side and the steak thrown on top of that. The plate was a mediocre diner plate passed through the dishwasher for a 1000 times. The server passed by with a big bowl of greasy fries and with a pair of tongues thew it on everyone's plate.This is the typical wannabe upscale restaurant obviously owned and operated by people that don't give a damn to their guests and food quality, hoping for suckers such as me to fall into their trap.Never again, thanks
1	Was ok until now has this terrible experienceNo
4	Walked in late on a Saturday night and was immediately seated on the terrasse - fantastic people watching. Waiter was charming and timely, switched to English as soon as he noticed our terrible French. Both my date and I had the filet and confit de canard combo - mine with the peppercorn sauce. Steaks were cooked beautifully and didn't suffer from oversalting, peppercorn sauce was tasty without drowning out the flavor of the beef, but the duck confit stole the show, it was absolutely delicious and perfectly crispy.Fries were crunchy and tasty but almost unnecessary considering the dinner portions, they come very lightly salted so you may want to use your salt and pepper shakers. The garlic dipping sauce was choice. Salad starter and side of green beans were just OK. We didn't take advantage of the BYOW but liked the concept. Cheesecake for dessert was clearly frozen but rich and tasty with a raspberry sauce. Definitely try the duck, you won't regret it!
