4	I rented a mailbox from this UPS store for six months.  I never used the place for shipping, copying, key duplications, or anything else, but the employees were all really nice and professional.  They knew who I was and which box was mine.  I never had any problems receiving any mail or packages.I needed the box because of a temporary living situation where we didn't have access to mail.  The prices are high compared to the post office, and the address you get becomes obnoxiously long, but good luck finding a post office without a waiting list for a box.  Things were a little rough at first because the store had just switched owners at the time we opened the box.  But after a week or two, they got into sync, and everything was great.
4	With family and friends all over the country, we're always coming here to send a gift, or package.One of our children is away at school.  Given that the school uses a PO Box for students in their dorm rooms; FedEx and the US Post office was always giving us fits -- since they require an actual street address.  Thankfully, United Parcel doesn't have this requirement and made it easier for us to send care packages to him.We have found all the staff to be very nice & friendly and we would encourage you to give them a try.  If only because, this morning there was no one on line here; and as I drove past the nearby post office the cars were line up out into the street. trying to get in.  Little know fact, The UPS store does accept US Mail packages for no extra charge.  Nice!
2	03/02/13Sent a parcel to a relative through this location after visiting two other businesses, a UPS in Tempe, and the FedEx on Pima Rd, just off of Raintree and the 101.  All three gave me different quotes, which I found quite strange.  I wished I'd gone with the first quote, the Tempe UPS one (under $20), but I'd have to drive 20-some miles south again, which isn't a big deal, since I have appointments to keep in that area, anyway, but that would mean another delay, and this package was prepared back in December!  So I decided to send it out today, going with a price quote* that sat between the lowest, UPS, and the highest, the FedEx ($27).  Wouldn't you know it, but right before the clerk was about to finalize the transaction, he asked me if I wanted a signature, or if I was comfortable with leaving the package at the door.  When I said I'll go without the signature but then asked if he could wait while I called my sister to see how safe her neighborhood was (I knew it was very safe already), he commented that I do so "because, y'know you're trying to save three bucks here..."  I really didn't appreciate that sarcastic comment, but then again, my mother would never let me hear the end of it if the package didn't reach its final destination, so I paid for the extra fee, which now brought the price quote similar to the one I was given at FedEx, which suggested to me that at least the clerks at FedEx and at Tempe's UPS were giving me honest quotes, and that the clerk at this UPS location fooled me to stay with a lower quote, but then later tacked on added fees.  I left feeling dissatisfied with the whole experience, so I doubt I'll be sending out future packages from here.* The price quote given did not include a "delivery surcharge" that was already included in the Tempe UPS quote given to me a few days prior.  Add the guaranteed signature fee, and you may perhaps understand why I'm giving a low rating.
3	Super convenient location near my house.  The staff here is always good to me and provides me with great service.  The worst part about this location though is that the shopping mall it's in gets very busy and parking is tough.  Best time to go is very early in the morning, when it's not too busy....worst time to go is 10 am until the end of the day.Return Factor - 90%
