5	I had a craving for frozen yogurt today and stopped by Cherry on Top. They have a friendly staff who greeted me as I walked in the door offering me a free sample of some of their frozen yogurt. They have so many flavors of frozen yogurt and toppings to choose from, but I ended up getting the Watermelon Sorbet. It was delicious. I'll definitely be going back again soon!
5	First time visit, huge fan of this place.  The customer service here makes the difference.  It means something to be greeted at the door by the staff.The selection of frozen yogurts and toppings was plentiful.  I had the original yogurt with fresh berries and Cap'n Crunch sprinkled on top.  Delicious!I'll be going back!
5	Yum!  Wish I could've been there to watch Kenny take down 24oz of frozen yogurt goodness after all you can eat sushi at Oyshi.  The cake batter with reeses peanut butter cups is my usual, but I love the other tart flavors and the fresh fruit toppings.
5	I'm not one to usually eat frozen yogurt, but went here with some friends and loved it! Tons of great yogurt options and toppings. I like how you can build it how you like it. I will definitely go back again and recommend you try it yourself too!
3	The store was clean and bright. But they only had one size of dish (huge) and at $0.37 an oz I expected more flavor out of the yogurt. I had the Carmel Cream, Cake Batter, and Coconut. They all three tasted about the same. I'm doubtful I'll be going back.
5	nice people, friendly. lost my freq visitor card, and the guy took me at my word and hooked me up with a few stars so I wasnt behind too much. nice seating area, i only get basic froyo (tart) with some fruit, and im happy to keep coming back here
4	Do you ever had one of those days where the place you think has good stuff would sucks big time and the place you think is gonna be suckie turned out great. I just one of that day recently. I drove by Cherry on Top many times but did not stop in because it always looked empty. You know the saying "if it's empty, it must not be good". Anyway, the weather was pretty warm and I was happen to be nearby, so I stopped in the get some yogurt. Ohh boy, I'm glad that I did that. The staff are friendly and the place is really clean. I've been here twice and the fruits always look fresh and good. There are about 10 different flavors of yogurt, my favorite is berry tart + strawberry combined. There are lots of different toppings, include most Asian favorite fruit "Lychee". Cherry on Top - this is going to be my favorite place for the coming hot summer.
4	ok, another self serve frozen yogurt joint. Good flavors and lots of topping choices. I tried the mango sauce and it was so gross.... so do NOT get that. Try to taste a little in the sample cup before pouring it on your yogurt. Thank goodness I didnt put too much on. But everything else was great! I'll hit this spot up when I come back to Vegas.
4	LOVE THE ICE CREAM, LOVE THE NIGHT CREW. Went in there with Living Social Voucher one morning and felt the "manager" girl with dirty blonde hair and ponytail, treated me as if I was "less of a customer". Night staff are AWESOME though, they definitely make up for her inability to be warmer to all customers
5	First time here. I love it. Never been to any place like it. The combination of flavors are tasty.
2	As a lover of all things fro-yo, I was excited to hit a new place that is in my area of town.  I'd gotten a coupon in the mail for buy one, get the second for half off, so that was the perfect time to give this place a whirl.  Sadly I was not impressed at all.They had a decent amount of flavors, I sampled a few before deciding on Caramel and Cookies & Cream.  Flavors are alright, not a whole lot of flavor in them honestly, especially compared to the other joints in town.  My major annoyance was the topping bar wasn't labeled.  Sure there are some you can tell by the look, like most of the fruits or candies like Butterfinger, chocolate chips, etc.  But I had to keep asking the employee "What is that?  And that one there?  Which one is this?  And how about that one right there?"  Just label the bar and save the customer and employee that annoying hassle!Also on our visit the guy behind the counter wasn't really enjoying himself or had just had a long day or whatever.  He probably had to answer topping questions for his whole shift.  Anyways he wasn't very outgoing so that also took away from the experience.My other major annoyance, 3 of us ate here this particular evening, and 2 of us got HORRIBLE stomach rumbles afterwards.  Thankfully I was sleeping alone that night because my guts became a natural gas reservoir.  The yogurt had the same effect as a greasy burger and a pitcher of cheap beer to my insides.  That doesn't really make me jump for joy and want to come back here again.
3	I love frozen yogurt but every time I come here. It doesn't taste as good as the other places.  I always get the caramel and coconut flavor. It was ok- they also need to add more selections for the toppings. But then again it could just be me, since I don't like pinkberry as well.
2	Friend had a coupon for this place and thought why not. There was nothing about this place that stood out as unique. Instead with all the new frozen yogurt shops around that it is hard to distinguish one from another. There has to be unique flavors or an exception selection of toppings. Cherry on Top does not have either, their product is not bad, but nothing out of the ordinary.
4	I took my client here as a treat. She loved it!
4	I need to get out more. I thought I didn't like froyo. This place is A OKHawaiian Delight: Delightful mix of fruit flavors. I liked this best of the flavors that I had today.Orange Cranberry: very very goodCoconut: Mild coconut flavor good for those who really don't like coconut. I love it so I sprinkled coconut flakes on it  to add more flavor.Service was OK. It's self serve froyo, sold by weight. The workers greeted everyone as they arrived and answered questions.
5	This place was AWESOME!  I go to a lot of frozen yogurt places in So. Cali, and non of them have Watermelon Sobert.  Besides the Cake Batter being amazing that flavor is my new all time flavor.  The choices in toping are a wide variety and some are different then most places.
5	Was in town visiting family, and I was checking out local frozen yogurt joints, since we don't have them in the northeast. This place has so far has been my favorite!! Great topping choices, and delicious yogurt-all do it yourself!!
4	Clean, fair selections of fro-yo, 3 counter tops full of toppings, and easily accessible off the 215 (Rainbow exit), and free Wi-Fi makes this a good sancuary to duck in from the relentless Las Vegas heat and cool down with yummy and cold frozen yogurts.Price is calulated at $0.39 per ounce, which is standard for the fro-yo niche.  Plus they have a frequent visitor card that can be filled up fairly quickly if the rest of the family is in tow.The top flavors served here in my opinion are Passion Fruit and Strawberry.  The best topping, especially for the money is fresh blueberries.  But I can't resist getting those chewy mochi bites when I go out for fro-yo, and they have it here!  No lychee though (sorry Paolo).Of the two ladies that worked there during our visit, one was particularly friendly and greeted customers as they entered.  The other one can at least play the role, as that is a big part of the experience at a self-served fro-yo place.Things to improve upon:Labels for toppings - people can easily get annoyed not knowing or having to ask for each and everyone.All employees on shift should be a happy employee, even if they have to fake it like some women with the O.
5	Love cherry on top! Super friendly staff. Delicous yogurt flavors & toppings. Our fav place for yogurt in town!
4	I'm not the biggest fan of Froyo, but this place is pretty good !  There's tons of Froyo places throughout Vegas, but the reason for stopping in to Cherry On Top was that they had a Living Social deal.  We figure we'd try it out and to be honest, I wasn't disappointed.We purchased for 6 people and with the $10 Living Social deal, got out spending less than $20.00.   The atmosphere felt very open and it was clean throughout.  Even the yogurt machines looked sparkling clean.  Something about dirty messy yogurt stations is a negative for me.  Flavors of the yogurt itself wasn't extraordinary.  It was your typical selection of sweet yogurts to tarty flavors.  Flavors ranged from Lychee to cook crumbs, nuts and granola.  Definitely enough options to keep me piling high.   Why 4 stars:  The cashier was just very genuine.  He asked about our night, greeted us with a smile, and welcomed us back.  On top of that the place was really clean.  They offered good quality yogurt and there wasn't a long line like those bigger yogurt chains.  They offered outdoor seating, which was all well-kept and had the Las Vegas Weekly stand.  Las Vegas Weekly and Good yogurt... That's a win!!
4	Can't go wrong with Cherry on Top.I came here about 4 times during my Summer vaca in Vegas. Every time I went there were 1 or 2 teenage boys working, never any girls (not that that matters). Two of the four times I went, the boys would just look at us while we entered and they wouldn't greet us until we got about halfway into the place. Maybe they're just soft spoken. They always have at least 2 tart flavors on deck, but I'd just stick to the original because the other tart flavors were too overpowering at times. The fruit is always fresh and there is a large variety of other toppings. The last time I went, they had some big ass brownies. Nowhere near brownie bites. These were more like the size your grandma probably makes (no offense). Since I don't ever get brownies with my froyo, I just found it pretty funny. The froyo is .39/oz, which is decent. The layout of the place is a little weird with some colorful circular benches surrounding a table that's a little too low and more benches along the side. I always opt to sit outside because it's pretty quiet and empty inside most of the time. I'd feel like the froyo boys were just listening to my crazy convos. The location is great, being very central to the shopping plaza and my house. I'll be back many more times.
4	We like this place. Friendly, good froyo, great toppings (LOVE the PB sauce!) Clean. Will be back!
3	The yogurt is good, but the service is never consistent in all the times I have been there.
4	I am a fan of this place, because it is near my house.  I don't know why...but I still like Yogurtland.  Maybe because they have this strong smell of Clorox every time I walk in?  I don't want to smell that when I walk into a place that serves food.  But, I I will return because it's close by and they do have red velvet :)
1	I've been to many froyo places down the west coast, this one is by far the worst.Not frozen, very milky. Apparently they need to spoon feed you as you can't get a sample by yourself.  Fruit is NOT fresh. Threw away 3/4 of my yogurt, waste of money.
5	I love this place sooooo much!! It is so good!! The yogurt is great and the sides are always fresh!!
2	I'm a big fan of self-serve frozen yogurt joints, but I was so disappointed with Cherry on Top.  The selection was limited and the toppings didn't look very fresh.  But, what was most offensive was the service and the environment.  I tried the place in the middle of a weekday afternoon. The place was dead, but the tables were dirty and the island of toppings hadn't been wiped down. There were two employees, one of whom was sitting on the counter near the cash register and texting. The other employee wasn't texting but that was probably because her phone was charging at an outlet that was near the yogurt.  I don't necessarily expect the red carpet treatment at a froyo place, but a little respect for the environment shouldn't be too much to ask.
1	I agree with Jay S. on his review. Froyo was very very watery-milky tasting. Not frozen at all. I'm a biiiiiiiiiiiig Frozen yogurt fan and U-swirl/Yogurtland is my favorite. Went on a sunday and place was empty. Cannot get a saple yourself. Toppings not labeled. Threw it away after trying a few bites.
4	If it had BlueBerries it would have a 5-star.  The Music system here broke but as a Vegas NightLife Promoter the SILENCE IS GOLDEN.   It would suck if little kids where in there screaming but the two times I've been here i've had the place to myself on a comfy table.   I could fall asleep here.  :)
5	Love this self serve fro yo joint. Yummy flavored and toppings, punch cards for free fro yo.  Staff is generally friendly and helpful... Can't get any better!
1	You used to be so much better, really going down hill :(
5	Yummy! Best Ive had.
