5	A great atmosphere and a huge sitting area unlike the Old Town location. The protein bowls are a great place to start if you haven't been here before. Their pressed juices are also great. I'd suggest the kale cleanse. If you are there before noon the breakfast burritos are my favorite.
4	way bigger and nicer than the other two locations in Scottsdale and Tempe. The parking is a bit tough during peak times. the staff were friendly, the juice as protein bowl was delicious and the amount of meat in the tri-tip bowl was more than generous. This location has a bar with beer, wine, mimosas. I was a little sad that they couldn't tell me what kind of muffin was in the muffin display and they even asked other employees and nobody knew. If you don't know what you're selling, how are you supposed to sell it? either way, it's a super delicious and healthy place to grab a bite and get delicious fresh juice.
5	FINALLY, good food makes it out to Chandler.  Chop Shop is awesome.  I have yet to have a bad meal here.  Make sure you check out the Kale Cleanse, iced tea, an BBQ salad (veggies, sub tofu or avocado).
5	Went for breakfast. They're still remodeling, but open for business. Had the "Cold Buster" juice and the "Egg and Veggie Hash". Although, I have been a meat eater for years, I have to say everything was extremely good. You order and pay at the counter and the food is brought to your table. (Seems like more places are setting up that way.)The service was fast and with a smile.I would recommend it and will be back.
3	Tried this out today after hearing that one of my Crossfit idols loved it yesterday! Ordered the tri-tip protein plate and settled in on the patio. Thirty minutes later I walked  back inside to inquire about my food, only to find out that they "lost" my order. When I finally got my food, it was pretty good, but not '30-minute wait' good! Most disappointing was that they didn't even offer a refund or any 'incentive' to forgive this mistake. Probably won't go back.
3	Heard great things about this place but unfortunately my experience was average. I had the club sandwich which was lacking in any real flavor. The service, atmosphere, outdoor seating was all just ok. It's a pity but I'm unlikely to return.
5	Amazing food!!! I haven't had anything I don't like. All the goodness without the guilt!
4	Went here for brunch on Sunday with my mom. She ordered the open faced egg sandwich and I got the Veg and egg hash. Her sandwich was wonderful. Mine was eventually wonderful, but came out the first time with undercooked eggs (I like runny yolks, but not raw egg whites). I took it back and they just slapped the eggs back on the grill and overcooked them. Finally they got them right and the people behind the counter were very apologetic and cool about it. I really hate taking food back, especially twice, because I feel like I'm being a pain in the butt. On the other hand, I think it's important to give the restaurant a chance before giving a bad review or not returning. All in all it was a great experience - the coffee was good, the food was delicious and fresh, and everyone was friendly. Plus, they have a dog friendly patio for all of you dog owners out there.
4	I've had several people recommend ChopShop to me in the last year. I've never had reason to visit either location since the Scottsdale place is right next to FnB, and therefore, I've always just gone there instead. I'm never in Tempe, but I do work in Chandler so I was happy to see they opened up their third location just a couple miles away from my office.I tried the tofu protein bowl on my first visit on Monday, and I was happy with the flavorful curry sauce and roasted veggies. The tofu needed more seasoning, but that's what happens when meat eaters prepare it. I showed the menu to my coworkers, and we ordered from them on Friday. They got the chicken and shrimp bowls with forbidden rice, and they were both surprised about how good they were. I got the kale caesar and devoured it.I just can't give them five stars due to the service. When my coworker picked up our meals, he stood in the phone order line. The cashier called over her friends in the longer line and let them order in front of him. When he got our order, he asked about the missing coffee and missing bowl. She unpacked everything and made him resign the receipt to prove it had been omitted.I'm hoping this was just one bad visit because I'd like to come here again.
5	A friend suggest Original Chop Shop for lunch and I had never heard of it before so I agreed as I am always up to try something new.  The Original Chop Shop is located in Downtown Chandler in what was the old Kokopelli Winery.  While it is sad to see one business go, it is so nice to see a new, trendy place open up as a continuing part of the Downtown Chandler revitalization.Original Chop Shop is really cute.  I would call it a shabby chic design with historical details.  It is light and bright and really comfortable as a lunch or breakfast place.  This is their third and l have heard, largest location.  There is a walk up counter to order and then they bring you your food.  There is also a small grocery area in which to get some healthy snacks, mostly assorted chips and popcorns.Now this isn't your typical menu; the Original Chop Chop has a menu designed with freshness and healthy foods in mind.  I decided, after some deliberation, to go for the Tuna salad sandwich on low carb wheat bread.  The tuna was really good and the vegetables were really fresh.  The added little bonus was that they put an olive tapanade spread o the sandwich which gives it a little tang and that was really good.  The sandwich also comes with a little side of field greens with a good vinaigrette.  I also decided to order a side of the sweet potato hash with kale and onion.  I have never had anything quite like that before but I really liked it.  It had a little sweetness to it and It was way more healthy than fries!!  I also had the blackberry black iced tea and that was delicious.  I wanted to try a protein bowl and I will try that the next time as I will definitely be back!  I am a fan of the Original Chop Shop!!!
5	We are always looking for healthy restaurants. And I have been waiting for CC Chandler Location to open since I have heard great things about them. For my first time I went for the protein bowl with Tri-Tip and Sweet Potato Hash and it is tow thumbs up! I can't wait to try other bowls and juices! We need more "special foods restaurants" like this.
5	This place is awesome!  Healthy food that tastes good. Haven't had a bad meal here yet. Breakfast is good too. Try the smoothies as well!The protein bowls are great. Juices are tasty but pricey.
3	I love the food and come here often. We were so happy when the Chandler store opened. Since we have a 2 yr old, we call in our orders to go. My only complaint it that 9 out of 10 times our order is either wrong or missing something. For example, I ordered a balanced bowl and got a chicken protein bowl, ordered a grinder sandwich received a chicken bruschetta. Ordered side of forbidden rice, got side of fruit. When we order protein bowls, we don't get the sauces that are supposed to come with them. Since these are always ordered for "pick up" we don't find out until we are home. From now on we will check our order before leaving the store.
3	I want to love this place! The decor is cute & inviting. The location is great. However the food was a total snooze. We got the white sangria, which tasted like fruit cocktail juice with a tiny hint of wine, and weirdly there was no fruit in it! They need to go have one at Chelsea's kitchen and rework the recipe. I had the shrimp bowl with quinoa. It was spicy but not tasty. The veggies were bland and seemed scorched and soggy. My daughter had the chicken and kale sandwich, which was fine but not memorable. We shared the sweet potato hash, again fine but not great. Service was so so. Also, it seems picky, but can you please invest in silverware!?! I hate eating with plastic utensils. Not sure when I'll eat here again given the variety of good restaurants nearby.
2	I brought 3 coworkers with me to ChopShop for lunch b/c last time I ate here it was good.  Today the place was crowded and the chicken kale sandwich was, well ... Tougher than shoe leather and bland.  I think they forgot to put the mustard sauce on it, but sauce would not have saved this sad dried out bit of chicken.  The Mediterranean turkey is MUCH better.  I'm a big fan of iced tea but I don't care for the flavors they had.  The interior is chic looking.  Kudos to the decorator.  Just wish the food was as good as the decor.
3	Here is a place that I really want to enjoy.  The food is good, not great.  The choice and quality of ingredients is excellent.  However, it is lacking in execution.  Today I had ordered a shrimp protein bowl.  I did enjoy, but could have made it better myself.  The choice of cauliflower, broccoli and carrots is frugal and bland.  In addition, the sauce was nearly no existent.The line in front to order is probably the worst I have seen since my visit to Moscow in 1985 (in that case the line was due to a wait for vodka).  I waited about 15 minutes to place my order.  Why does it take so long? It is not $1.00 for a fifth of Stolichnaya!The decor and ambiance is hip and pleasant.Please change your menu around.  There is so much potential!!!!
5	Really enjoyed this place!  Had the raw veg salad with Tri-Tip...excellent!  The person I was with had the chicken protein bowl with forbidden rice and sweet potato hash...also quite good.  I will definitely be back on a regular basis...really nice to have a healthy food option for a lunch/dinner out!
2	Love the idea of this place. Execution could use some work. I had tri-tip protein bowl with sweet potato hash. Took quite a while to come out of the kitchen, and the veggies were bland. Doctored that up with hot sauce. My wife had the grinder. Also was bland, even with the peperoncinis. She got the butt end of the pepper on her sandwich, which was inedible. The staff was nice, but lacked any real motivation or urgency. Period. There were dirty tables, which should not be given that there seemed to be adequate staffing. Overall, kind of disappointed. A friend recommended this place and I can't without disclaimers attached.
4	Good food for healthy alternative :) service was great but they forgot one of our orders but made it on the fly. Will definitely come back
4	A good, healthy alternative and they offer soy free, gluten free, vegan etc for those wanting/needing those options. Because they use organic/real ingredients and products it is a little pricier but it is worth it in my opinion.
4	First time here so I can't give a comprehensive review of the food. I ordered the beet salad ($7) with added steak ($3) and a fountain drink. The salad was nicely sized and I'm a big guy. The added steak was under seasoned but They gave me a lot of it. The dressing ratio on the salad was perfect. I wish the salad had a bit more goat cheese based on how much steak I received. The fountain drinks are not typical sodas but flavored agave nectar sodas. They are tasty but foam up a lot so it is a pain to get a full cup without constantly pouring out the foam head. On the whole I recommend this place and will be back soon.
5	Yum! The Coconut Chia Pudding Parfait really hit the spot. I came into this place to find out what it was and ended up having a nice little evening snack.  I will definitely come back!
3	Foods is great and very healthy.   Would come here more often if it wasn't for the service.   Especially when it's busy and there is a line and I see people literally  standing and talking in the kitchen.   I stood in line for at least 20 + minutes another time with a long queue behind me and the gal decided she had to restack cups not bothering to beckon the next person in line and still focused on resackng cups even when I stood in front of her waiting to give my order.   Ack very frustrating.
5	I love everything that ChopShop is, and when they built their 3rd location within walking distance from my house, well, it was all over for me. From the lovely outdoor seating areas in front and along the side in the breezeway, to the small bar with craft beer and wine, to the mini market that's filled with healthy snacks and drinks as you walk in, to the fresh food and juices you can order to eat in or pick up to go. The number of menu options is already fantastic, but that you can customize each of them to fit your dietary and personal needs without any hassle is even better. They may not be the quickest meal option, but ordering ahead for pick up fixes that, and just knowing that the food is freshly prepared as it's ordered is a nice comfort. I absolutely love the pressed juices, as well - especially the liver cleanse with the aloe and the power green...I instantly feel refreshed with the first few sips!All of the salads are delicious, and getting them as a wrap is even better (and less messy if you're on the go). Breakfast is unique and flavorful, I only wish they would do over-easy/over-medium eggs (though I haven't asked for this). And the protein plates are super filling - I've been able to make them last through at least 2 meals, sometimes 3 with some snacking in between. Definitely a repeat customer!
4	I love this place. Wonderfully fresh food, especially their protein bowls. They could use a little more consistency in their presentation (some days I get more meat in my bowl, other days barely any). Prices are a bit high (especially for the Chandler crowd) but this has been a nice change to the area and much needed. Try their seasonal iced teas and lemonade- it won't disappoint!
4	This is my favorite place to go get a fresh pressed juice, fruit bowl and protein bowl. I love the atmosphere and it always looks well kept. The service, however is another issue. There's a man with dirty blonde hair that works there that seems like he does not know what he's doing. I always love taking friends and family here but each occasion he's done something to mess things up. I went with a few friends one night and he brought out the order. There were 5 times we had to send him back to get things he forgot. He didn't even realize he forgot 3 of my friends food. It was frustrating and he ended up giving one of them a free drink and made the other go in to pay for hers. I took my mom here for Mother's Day and he brought out someone else's drink order then ended up letting us have that and the ones we ordered. We asked for another bowl and when he went to get it he was gone for 5 minutes. My mom went in and asked him again and he said he forgot. It was pretty sad when my mother commented to me that he was so zoned out it was like he was on drugs. It's nice when we got the free drink but since this has happened numerous times chop shop is going to go out of business from all the free stuff they give away from making brainless mistakes.
5	Such a cute place-great atmosphere--outdoor seating, separate bar to order drinks from indoors and out, dog friendly patio, healthy, delicious the list goes on. My favorite place for a salad and a fresh squeezed juice. Their Kale Cleanse is amazing & the BBQ chicken salad (no chicken, add avocado for me) is the best! Highly recommend you check this place out!
3	Obviously there is high demand for a "healthy/tasty/high quality" restaurant in downtown Chandler (which is chock full of everything but healthy options). The ginormous line will reconfirm that it is the ONLY place nearby to get food that could be called "healthy." However I have mixed feelings. The protein bowls are supposedly the highlight of their menu and definitely the best bang for your buck. However just seems like unimaginative combos that as someone else already posted - most can execute better in their own homes.  I've been on multiple occasions because it IS the only place to get together with my friends who need to eat at a place with healthy options. Last time I was there I ordered the beet salad which was a lot lighter portion than the protein bowl but pretty enjoyable as far as salads go.  Every other time I've had one version or another of the protein bowl. (FYI, recently watched a tutorial on how to roast beets and now am able to execute a better beet salad than them. Again, not saying it's bad food - just not amazing).
3	Sandwiches are good if you like healthy tasting sandwiches like I do. Juices are really good. Service (even though it's just counter service) is sub par. Just walked of of there after waiting 15 minutes for a blended coffee drink. Off hours (mid morning), 4 girls "working" in the back (well, at least one busy checking her pink cell phone). I was the only person that had an order pending. The cashier saw me throughout those 15 minutes and didn't bother to make sure my order was started. I had to go up to the counter to ask for a status and only then did they start my drink. Not the first service related frustration I've experienced, but the latest.  I'll continue going here because it's the only healthy restaurant within walking distance of my office and the food is decent.
3	Great atmosphere for casual eating. Order at the counter and they'll bring your food. Staff work hard and knowledgable. Clean and trendy, fun colors. Plastic silverware wasn't desirable at all for sit and eat, low quality too. Food looked great. My bfast sandwich was fabulous! Great taste and fresh.   My husbands steak bfast bowl was very bland an well they forgot the steak, but quickly fixed. He added 5 catsup packets to give it flavor. Fresh squeezed OJ and iced coffee was great. I'd come back for the smaller selection of wine/beer at a later date. They just need to step up the flavor!
5	Loved the food, the location, the service, the food, the location, the service... and I could go on and on. This very health-conscious eatery has me wanting to return. Great protein bowls, wonderful salads, and extraordinary baked goods. The smoothies are also amazing. Try it - even if you're not into healthy food, it's very good.
5	So gooood. The sandwiches and salads are amazing. Protein bowels have so much food it can almost be two meals. The teas are refreshing and they have free refills here which is awesome. This place gets busy at lunch time but worth the wait since it's all healthy and fresh food. (Way better than fast food) Definitely coming back here.
3	I went to chop shop yesterday and I must say I don't care if I go back.  I got a protein bowl with steak and it was good, but I can get the same thing from other restaurants for a lot less money.  Plus, the wait was ridiculous! I stood in line forever waiting to order and then it took forever to get the food.  My friend decided she was going to go get a lemonade, when the line was short, and it seriously took 5 minutes after she ordered to get her cup of lemonade.
5	I am overjoyed to have found this place.  I work beyond too much, and have resorted to eating whatever junky food I came across for the past few months - which has resulted in me gaining weight and feeling like garbage.  Until now.  Chop Shop recently opened near where I work, and as it turns out - there is one near my house too.  It's no more expensive then the fast food I've been living off of.  Everything they make is simple, fresh, organic and incredibly delicious. Also they have a loyalty program, which is great for me, because I plan on eating here as much as possible.Also the atmosphere at both locations is very lovely.
4	Just what downtown Chandler needed! Awesome place with tasty food to boot. This trendy spot is order-at-the-counter style. The food is fresh with a healthy twist. Some awesome options include: Low carb bread for sandwiches, stevia lemonade and quinoa sides... so great options you wouldn't typically find at most "healthy" restaurants. I'll be back!
4	This is my new breakfast and work out spot. I love their fresh fruit, exotic drinks and dark chocolates. The protein smoothies have a vegan option. Kale is no alien at the gates here. They use urban fresh vegetables and ingredients. Even the water has something healthy to offer. The decor is historic Chandler dating back to the original roots of the bank that preceded it. Been here twice already, love it.
4	I am a definite fan of this place! The food is very healthy and there are options for pressed juices and protein shakes. So far out of everything that I have tried, I wasn't too impressed with the veggie hummus sandwich. I am a big fan of hummus but for some reason this one was a little too sour for my taste. I would definitely recommend the protein bowls. They are very filling but dont leave you with that overfull feeling to the point that you have to unbutton your pants. The ONLY reason I did not give this place 5 stars is because sometimes the people behind the counter can be very rude! Last time I went I was waiting at the counter and everyone was looking at me and then continued on with their business..... Uhhh helllooooo, I'm waiting here! But it's ok, I will deal with idiots to get good food LOL
4	For food that is fresh and healthy, this is your place. There are a plethora of drink options from freshly made juices, a variety of iced teas, smoothies, protein shakes, and a soda fountain with agave nectar sodas. Food options include salads, wraps, sandwiches, and bowls. I tried the kale chicken sandwich. It was a very plain presentation, with a circular sandwich bread accompanied by a simple mixed greens salad. The sandwich was decent. The bread (Whole wheat low carb), was soft, but similar in texture to the ends of your sliced sandwich bread you find in the grocery store. The chicken had a light, crisp, breading on it and the taste of the chicken itself was very "clean" (i.e., not processed or overly seasoned). Unfortunately, there was a little bit of gristle/cartilage/fat left on the end of my chicken piece. The salad itself was just slightly over-dressed, and while I liked the vinaigrette, it felt like I was eating more dressing than salad when I took each bite.At the drink station, the iced teas when we went were blackberry/black tea, watermelon/black tea, peach/green tea, and jasmine strawberry/green tea. I tried all but the jasmine strawberry, and my favorite was the light, refreshing taste of the watermelon tea. Agave sodas included strawberry rhubarb, cola, root beer, and lemon lime.Service was fairly speedy and it only took a few minutes to make our order, despite being pretty busy on a Saturday afternoon for lunch.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! I was so impressed before I even bit into the amazing wrap that i ordered..just walking into this cute little homie environment I could tell I would leave satisfied and happy!!! I love delicious healthy restaurants that are inventive and vegan/gluten-free friendly!! I intend on coming back!! Their tea selection is crazy AMAZING! I'm so excited to go back and try everything!!! I am one VERY happy customer!!!:)
2	I really wanted to love this place. It seemed like a great healthy place to eat. Maybe what I ordered just didn't agree with me. The decor is cute. It's small for all the people who want to eat there during their busy times. I ordered a Cold Buster drink which I did like a lot!  I also got a tri tip sandwich and the sweet potato hash. I'm just not a fan of the low carb bread. It's not for me.  The tri tip was in a very overpowering sauce that I did not care for.  The sweet potato hash was very plain, hardly any seasonings and a bit dry.  Overall I was disappointed.  The ingredients did seem very fresh which is really good.I will go back again and try something else, but I'm not in a huge hurry.
4	Nice place! Good food, kinda small portions but I didn't expect much either.. the only reason I gave it 4 was because the people up front didn't seem to care that I was standing there ready to order..and I saw them ignore someone else for awhile too..
4	All the same menu offerings as their Tempe and Scottsdale locations, with one big difference -- they serve beer!!  (and wine!) They offer a few different beers on tap, including some local breweries, and some bottle selections as well.
5	Great healthy alternative to the mainstream same old same old.  Great atmosphere and plenty of healthy options with a variety of protein supplements as well.
4	My friends rave about this place all over Instagram. Naturally I had to check it out when I was in town to visit my family. I even dragged my dad with me!The inside of this place is amazing. Industrial. Large. Chalkboard walls. Hipster and healthy all over the place. Just my kind of place. I ate slow so I could sit at the cool tables longer. The service was on par. Helpful and prompt. They even put up with corny jokes from my dad while we were ordering and laughed. Laughed in a that-was-funny-kind-of-way. Not a wow-just-order-and-go-away kind of way. You guys win!I got the Kale Cleanse and the Zen Bowl with avocado. Yum! All the flavors went well together. My dad got the Slim (something..) and the Cheat Day Burrito sans the avocado. We both left feeling full, but not too full, and felt like we had nourished our bodies in a good way. We'd be back.
4	Actually 4.7 because of the staff, the food, and the protein drinks.They have a few beers on tap, they've got Mimosa's and wine. Stop in and give em a try, because healthy choices make a better living. Cheers!
4	After my first visit to the Original ChopShop, I can say I will be back to try some more of the menu.  So many things looked great, I had a hard time choosing.  I settled on the BBQ chicken salad, and some of my friends had the raw salad or protein bowl.  I absolutely loved my salad.  There were more than enough toppings, which included chicken, corn, cheese, corn nuts, onion, tomato and cilantro.  I'm not usually a fan of onion or cilantro, but I honestly didn't even notice it in there.  The rest of my table seemed to enjoy their meals as well, with the exception of the sub-par quinoa.  Walking in, there are shelves and tables of merchandise ranging from whimsical to good gift ideas.  Straight ahead is a full chalkboard menu with salads, bowls, juices, and more.  The whole decor is "fresh, rustic hipster" and it's got a good feel to it.  I like that it's a healthy option in downtown Chandler.  Happy hour is $4 sangria, wine or beer and I'd like to go back and try that sangria some time.
5	I ended up here on a early Sunday morning after hiking, and I was so glad that they were open. I ordered a Sunrise Wrap and it was the perfect serving amount. Not to mention it was so gorgeous and peaceful outside in downtown Chandler that early.I really love that there are always different tea flavors and they have Truvia packets if you want to sweeten it up just a little bit.
3	The good: - delicious- healthy options- approachable enough menu while still appealing to the adventurous - location (convenient for me)The bad: - I realize fresh and quality ingredients cost more, but I feel like their juices prices are pretty steep. - After a 20 min wait for a to-go order, and a botched order at that (dietary restriction mix up), the manager tried to refund me the extra $1 I paid for the dietary substitute they didn't end up being able to fulfill. After already waiting for so long for the food, with food in hand I was then waiting again, while she desperately tried to make the situation better. I get it. But it just made things worse. At Starbucks when they botch a drink they'll re-make it and hand you a convenient coupon to come back and get another drink on the house. It's easy. They hand you one slip and you're on your way. It tells me they value my time and my patronage. ChopShop made me feel uncomfortable waiting for a $1 refund. I tried to say it was ok, but she insisted. After she fumbled with trying to do a credit card refund for a few minutes, she ultimately handed me a $1 bill and I left feeling dejected and late. Mistakes happen, and it's all about how they're handled. This visit I quote was within the first month of this location being open, so I'll cut some slack. I'm sure I'll be back and I'll update the review if the experience changes.
4	Tried the place once. The bowls are healthy and tasty. Just not too filling. The Acai bowls are really good.
5	So happy there is a location in Chandler now! I'm hopeful that their next location will open up in Dana Park on Val Vista and baseline. ;) (hint, hint) Anyway, on to the review.I love this location, and the fact that they left the building's historical details in tact like the banks vaulted door. It has a ton of room, cute bar, and plenty of outdoor seating. I ordered a protein bowl with the forbidden rice and shrimp. It was the perfect amount of sweet and spicy. I also ordered iced tea and was thrilled at the options they had to choose from. I went with the blackberry and it didn't disappoint. My son ordered the cold buster fresh pressed juice. He LOVED it, and he is 4 years old. Great way to trick your kids into drinking something super healthy. Overall, a clean, friendly, and happy environment. Will be a regular fo' sho.
5	Great food, beautiful building.  I'm a big fan of the Chopshop in Tempe, and I was really excited to find they have a location in Chandler. Downtown here is pretty meaty, and this is an excellent option for vegetarians with the tofu protein bowl and other items.
2	Went here with the gf for some dinner. No one noticed we were at the counter. So we took out the iphone and hit the stopwatch. We timed 7.5 minutes for someone to acknowledge us at the counter. Wasn't busy. No one was in front of us. They just made some orders of the few other people in there. That's ok if someone at least says hello or we'll be right with you. That didn't happen. And we just stood there in disbelief. A fourth person showed up for work and came to the counter to take our order, "have you guys been helped?". Nope. We were given a number and told food would be brought out. Once we sat down, it took a really long time to get our food. Shouldn't have taken 12 minutes to get a Panini and a salad. Maybe the food is incredible.? So incredible that it takes awhile to get ready? Nope. Overpriced for the taste and the quantity. The only thing cool about this place is that it was an old bank. If you have tons of time to kill, kill it here. Just read that other people had a long wait on some reviews. no joke.
1	Arrived at 7:05 and ordered. It is now 7:35 and  still no food. There are only a handful of patrons in here. Everyone that came in and ordered a smoothie was served within minutes, but for some reason it takes well over 30 minutes to make a salad and a sandwich? Awful. They can handle a lunch rush but not a drizzle of evening customers? Not coming back.
3	Food is good and the location is good. I don't understand how they can call it low carb bread when they don't know the carb count! I am a type 1 diabetic and closely monitor my blood sugars. I can tell you for great certainty that it is NOT low carb. My BG spikes really high after eating their sandwiches even though I dose insulin for average carb bread. If you advertise low carb bread you should definitely know the carb count else it is faulty advertisement. Also, this places is known for good healthy food, why would you not have nutritional data available!? No bueno
5	The place is a bankable spot for dinner. The chopped shrimp dish with chili was delicious. And they make a dry sangria with fresh fruit. Great spot in chandler.
5	Love this place.  Breakfast, lunch, or dinner.  Healthy choices and now they opened a store in Chandler at San Marcos!
5	I've given it some time to get settled in. It's wonderful.  Thank you so much Alice & Victoria. I should have written down who was who but one of them helped me sign up for my meal card (didn't know they had them) and the other gem makes thee most wonderful salads in this entire WORLD! SO YUMMY! You girls are AMAZING!  If you haven't been you MUST GO! .
5	I LOVE ChopShop every freakin time I come. It's always satisfying, good tasting, fresh and you can feel great after eating it. All in all ChopShop doesn't skip on the flavor which makes it my choice for many unplanned meals. Their highly nutritious ingredients gets the job done without the bulk and grease that we find so often elsewhere. This is my preferred location as it has more space and less festered by under 21's. Can't go wrong with salad, bowl, sandwich, juices or desserts here. Try it all. I nearly have.
4	will definitely be back,  friendly staff, good food, affordable prices with quality food, it was great for eating on plan, I loved their forbidden rice which I had with the tri tip very tender and flavorful,portions are perfect not too much
2	I usually love the Chop Shop in Tempe, but being I have been visiting a friend at Chandler Regional I decided to go in Chandler. I ordered to go and asked for sauce on my bowl as well as on the side. I got no sauce on the bowl and just the side. Halfway into the bowl I found a piece of plastic in it. I was a little bothered being it was 3 pm and it had been my first meal of the day. Now I'm sitting in the hospital at 5 contemplating going to their cafeteria. Not really wanting to go. I understand every place makes mistakes but I'm just hungry now. Tempe location is dirty. I guess my last try for this place will be the Scottsdale location. Crossing my fingers cause I love the food.
5	OMG! My new favorite lunch spot in Chandler! This place has everything that has been lacking in other office-lunch restaurants in the area, namely healthy food! There are also a lot of vegetarian options, which my husband who is vegetarian (and me who is mostly vegetarian) greatly appreciate! I always leave feeling full and satisfied without that heavy or sick-to-my-stomach feeling I get at other restaurants. No matter whether you're a sandwich kinda person or a salad and smoothie person, you are bound to find something yummy and good for you! The drinks are great too, lots of iced teas that can be jazzed up with a little honey or flavor syrup. Perhaps the neatest thing about this place is the setting: An old, refurbished bank complete with original floor tiles that say "BANK" out front. Super fun! Don't miss! You'll go back again and again.
5	Dined here for breakfast the past 3 weekends. It's a quiet peaceful place with lots of healthy menu options. Prices are fair and they have lots of seating. The employees are all friendly.
5	I love the whole atmosphere of this place, super cute and clean! Love the vintage look. As for the menu.. Everything looks delish and my boyfriend got the kale caesar salad and loved it! Super fresh.. And ps he isn't a kale person but loved it! We got the coffee which was good and I got the acai bowl. It was really good! And the price is cheap for the bowl compared to other places I have ate. Overall really happy with this place and can't wait to come try the breakfast
4	I've been to both the Tempe and chandler locations. The chandler location is understandably less crowded since downtown chandler doesn't scream hip. The decor is cute hipster, they play the alt nation xm radio station.  They have lots of kale on the menu. Their juices are good. I like green glory, it's on the tart side. My go to is their protein bowl with tri tip no onions.  Add a dash of Sriracha and you're good to go
2	Since I've eaten lunch at the University location I decided to try breakfast at the Boston St location...I ordered a Zen bowl which sounded great -hold the onions. Unfortunately, the eggs were cooked brown, hard and dry so needed some salsa just to be able to eat it.  Almost done, I discovered they put onions in, so this will not be a good afternoon for me! If I ever go back it will be for lunch. Really bummed, thought I'd found a good breakfast place in Chandler.
3	Been to this location & Scottsdale numerous times now.  The team in Chandler seems  a little slow in comparison.  No matter what I order, it's always quickly handled in SCO.  No matter how crowded it is in Chandler (or not crowded) they seem to operate at 1/2 speed compared to SCO.   Expecting more now that the store has been open for a while.  Food is still consistently good, just s l o w.
5	Loved this place!  I went with my BF, and my mom who was visiting from Chicago.  Great decor, great service, great menu, great outdoor seating!  Oh, and most importantly, great food!  My mom and I shared the veggie and hummus sandwich and the tofu protein bowl with sweet potato hash.  The sandwich was delicious!  The bread was a little on the soft side, so next time I think I'll try it as a wrap.  Taste was great though.  The bowl was equally yummy.  We also had the stevia sweetened lemonade.  I never order lemonade anywhere because it's either loaded with sugar, or artificial sweetener.  Loved having lemonade with my meal!  My BF had the tri-tip sandwich and a Devil's ale.  He loved his sandwich although he did think the bread was a little too soft too.  Nothing a fork can't fix though.  We sat on the side patio and it was just perfect.  I can't wait to go back and try some of the salads and juices!
5	Back again trying a different location. This restaurant continues to exceed my expectations. The atmosphere is refreshing, the staff is knowledgable and helpful, the menu is easy to read and the food is high Quality and DELICIOUS. I ordered a tri tip protein bowl with sweet potato hash this time and Beach Burn protein shake. The steak was hot and juicy, the vegetables were well seasoned, and the sweet potatoes had just enough sweetness to balance everything out.  The shake wasn't my favorite...i think the strawberry syrup threw it off, but i will definitely be dining here next time we are in town!
4	Sarah A. (aka Dr. Sarah) and I came here for brunch a few weeks ago.  I had a tofu scramble of some sort which was pretty good.  I think she had a breakfast burrito.  The coffee was good and they have a nice patio to sit on.  I'd like to come back and try some of their salads.
5	SO good and great for vegetarians like myself.
4	My hotel suggested this place - walking distance in Scottsdale - did not disappoint - freshest healthy options - had a bowl with shrimp and veggies and brown rice - so tasty and filling - didn't need to eat again that day! Wish they had this restaurant back home - I'd eat there all the time!
5	Delicious! Went with 5 others family members for breakfast and we all loved what we ordered! Green Glory and the sweet potato hash was the best!
4	The ambiance is the best part. Expect to pay about $30 for breakfast for 2 (with juices). If they had some combo's with drinks and breakfast deals that would make me come back.
5	This place is great.  Only thing I'd change is open another one in downtown ocotillo.
5	I am obsessed with this place. A friend introduced me a few weeks ago and I have gone once a week since. The food is so fresh and is very unique. The fresh squeezed juices are also great. I love the Slim Squeeze. So many options on the menu. The atmosphere is very relaxed and the Chandler location is in an old bank that makes the interior very different than most restaurants. This is a must eat!
4	There is good and fresh food you feel good after eating that delocious food. i go there every  saturday there is frendly staff nice place.I LOVE ChopShop.
5	I  crave this place, that's how great it is.  Pinakaleada is my favorite.  My husband and I meet there after work sometimes for our date night.
2	First timer...I ordered a protein bowl w/tri-tip. Not much flavor at all and the carrots were so hard that I was unable to "stab" them with their plastic forks. I really doubt that I'll be back.
4	I went to have lunch with 2 other women. They had a long line and staff clearly can not handle it. Very loud and staff yelling out orders. We had to get our own water, plastic silverware, and napkins. I want to have silver and dishes - not plastic for a salad and an inexpensive wine, which cost $15+. Will not be back.
4	The protein bowls are delicious. Wear your yoga gear or you might get funny looks
5	So yummy!!! The raw veggie salad with chicken is the perfect size for a light lunch! Love the ice tea options!
