4	Woohoo... I'm the first to review! I was a bit hesitant about staying here since the reviews on other sites were mixed, however I found this hotel to be great and suitable to our needs. For anyone that is concerned about the construction, there should be no worries. The construction is really just a renovation that is confined to just the lounge/bar area. No noise or dust anywhere. The staff were friendly and extremely accommodating. The manager hooked us up with a room upgrade to a suite room! We also received a lot of great recommendations on where to sight-see (Parc du Mont-Royal) and where to drink/eat (Weinstein and Gustovino's). Our suite room (Room 1000) is modern and nicely laid out. There were several issues that we did notice, however did not really bother us all that much: No hairdryer (front desk asked us to look in the cabinet under the sink, but it was a pedestal sink!), the bed was VERY firm and the linens a bit rough for my silky smooth skin. Oh, and just a side note, there were spiders on the exterior of the building; no possible way of getting in, but did anyone else notice that all of Montreal is just crawling with spiders all over the place??? Parking was a bit odd. Hotel guests have to park in P-9/P-10 which is 9/10 flights below (we got a bit dizzy going in circles). The elevator is right there, although it only goes as far up to the Food Court level. You then have to walk up a flight of stairs to the lobby to check-in. Because of this set up, there is no one to help you with your luggage if you do self parking. Odd. Overall, I really enjoyed staying here and would gladly stay here again. The neighborhood is a bit dead during the weekends, however the Metro is right in the candy-land convention center across the street and everything is within a 10 minute walk.
4	I really loved this hotel. When I graduated high school I got an all expenses paid trip to Montreal and this hotel was part of the package. This hotel was much fancier that what I am used to, so clearly I was impressed with just about everything. One problem I generally have with hotels [nice or not] is feeling comfortable in the beds and with the pillows. However, the mattress was perfect, not to hard, not too soft. And the pillows were great as well, they had tons of them, some super soft, some a little firm, and a couple hard ones. I found what suited me best and had absolutely no problems sleeping. The bathroom was lovely as well, we had a jacuzzi tub and a rather typical shower but we thoroughly enjoyed both! The concierge service was fantastic. I had been to Montreal a couple times before but since this time I was with a friend we were looking for anything crazy we could get into. The person we spoke with was completely committed to making sure we knew exactly where we were going, how we were going to get there, and what to expect. This hotel is in a great location and my friend and I felt comfortable walking to all the hot spots we wanted to hit. Check out was a breeze, parking was not. Like Michael said, the parking garage was a bit of a maze, but other than that I really enjoyed this hotel!
5	I recently found myself facing a birthday milestone of sorts, so like any level-headed person, I chose escapism to avoid any office brouhahas and off-key singing. By pure happenstance, I wound up at this InterContinental (it was part of an Expedia package), but let me tell you -- it was a week of pure heaven. First of all, you're just steps from Old Town, so surrounded by breathtaking architecture. It's conveniently Metro-adjacent, flawlessly decorated, and staffed with service-oriented professionals who spoil you rotten. I literally wanted to have my bed, park view, and luxurious bathroom shipped home with me. While this hotel stay was not of my choosing when I booked my trip, you can rest assured I'll now be purposely staying at this chain again and again.
4	Great hotel with spacious, tastefully decorated rooms. It is located just a few seconds away from two subway stops, Place D'armes or Place Victioria and is located in the financial district of the city near the Old City.The lobby is connected to two restaurants, Osco and Sarah B's Absinthe Lounge and there is also a coffee shop downstairs called Java U. The hotel is very quiet, quite fancy and the concierge was wonderful and extremely knowledgeable. If the weather isn't great you can take the back exit and access a tunnel that will connect you to the subway without having to set foot outside which is also pretty neat. The back exit also features an arcade where there is a convenience store, a couple of small restaurants and a few random shops. I had a wonderful stay there in this hotel.
5	I recently stayed at IC with my spouse.  We stayed a few days following a conference.  I would like to highlight the outstanding work of your concierge - Chantal Aubry.   Ms. Aubry helped us out when we were looking for places to eat and recommended a few excellent choices.  Her service was prompt and upbeat.  She was a pleasure to deal with.  And her choices were exactly what we were looking for.   When we had a special request which should could not answer on the spot - she indicated she would call our room with the information later that day.  She fulfilled her promise, and called us later with yet another superior recommendation.  Ms. Aubry embodies fine customer service and is one of the reasons for a great experience.It was a pleasure to stay at IC, and we look forward to returning sometime in the future.
4	This hotel has a very welcoming lobby with a huge curved couch and (faux?) fur lined walls.  The staff were all very accomodating and the room was incredibly comfortable.  I appreciated the free wi-fi and the plug-ins on the bedside table lamps.I would have enjoyed a deeper bathtub but liked that I could turn up the separate heat in the bathroom.  The breakfast room was very small and that caused a line-up in the morning.  We weren't given menus so assumed the buffet was the only option.  It wasn't great and was $25!  Yikes.  It was pretty close to 5 stars for sure.
3	We were there for only one night - as a resident of Montreal I don't really stay in hotels here.  The lobby is nice and the service is helpful and friendly.  The room was nice enough and the bed very comfy.  We had the buffet brunch the next day which I thought was so so.  Pretty much standard fare and was included in the deal we got for the room. If I had to pay $25 for that I would have been pissed.  My only real complaint, and this is for the hotel industry in general - why are they charging $7 for a bottle of water?  You'd think they'd give it as a courtesy.
4	I have stayed at this hotel about a dozen times over the past couple of years (2008-2011) and I definitely am a fan. More so a fan probably, since I usually stay for business and the company forks out the $ for me to stay here. Rooms are fairly large and immaculate! Bathrooms include a stand alone shower and tub off to the side, telephone on the wall next to the potty for those long conversations one has while going to the loo (kidding), and a great speaker system  built into the wall so you can continue to listen to the television show you may have been watching while you shower or go to the bathroom. Fully stocked with towels, toilet paper, and other bathroom essentials. Hotel is close to old Montreal, but other than that, if you're younger and looking to bar hop, I would suggest staying elsewhere, I 'think' this hotel is closer to the business district so think 'concrete' jungle for the most part. Nice restaurant within the hotel. Would i stay here again? For sure. As long as I was on business and just looking for a comfortable place to stay.
5	First thing: do sign up for the Intercontinental Club upgrade! $10 a day is well worth it. It comes with included breakfast and afternoon tea in their lounge.The room we got is beautiful, facing towards the fountain in the complex across, overlooking the multi-coloured glass walled convention center. Very well decorated. This being a business class hotel, did not have amenities such as a microwave which would have been most helpful for families with young kids.Location-wise, it is great. 10-15 minutes walk to downtown shopping areas, to the Chinatown area and to the old port area. It is also in between two Metro stations, Square-Victoria and Place D'Armes. A short ride from the Biodome/Olympic Park and to LaRonde.This hotel is also right on top of one part of the Underground City, which features shops along the number of connected Metro stations.
5	We stayed here in the summer a few months after we got married, and loved it! This hotel was perfection!! From checking-in, to hotel staff, our room, room service. Everything was perfect! The room was fairly spacious, the bed was so comfortable once you lie down you don't want to get up (which could pose as a bad thing if you want to sight see :)). The room could be kept dim if you want to take a nap in the day; and there were more than enough lights to brighten up while getting ready to head out. I hate the hotels where the drapes allow all the light in, if your traveling, you don't always have a regular schedule. We ordered Nachos late at night as room service and ordered a pay per view movie and enjoyed the late night snack.Hotel is located in old Montreal, which is great for sight seeing, going for a walk and enjoying Montreal. It is still fairly close to downtown Montreal but is a bit away from the downtown hustle-bustle. Overall, loved the experience and would def stay at Intercontinental again!
3	Back to La Belle Ville!Having grown up in Montreal but not lived there for 20yrs, I always look forward to heading back...especially when work is paying! Hazaaah! And while I was looking forward to my stay at the IM, I was rather disappointed with several elements. Let's just say that my mom runs a way tighter ship. List of grievances:- Hidden charges: these were everywhere! Tax and surcharge for room service, no prices anywhere for mini bar (yes, i assumed it was pricey but full disclosure is preferred). Also, who doesn't have free wi-fi these days!?!? Their charge of $10 for 2h is unheard of. Luckily we got a code as part of our meeting but not after a few people had already ponied up the cash.  - Low quality products: first off, the remote in my room was infuriating! very hard to switch channels, increase volume and sometimes the remote ghost woudl take over and change channels when all I wanted was to mute it for a second. Very bizarre. Also, the towels in the bathrooms were like sandpaper. And i'm not being precious here...they were really rough. Also, it looked like the bathroom hadn't had a good upkeep in years. Paint chips and caulking coming off the bathtub. Verging on ghetto.- Slightly crusty staff: i had to print out 1 page, sign and fax back to Vancouver during the meeting. I couldn't really believe how crusty the woman was at the desk about it. They like to hold meetings there so isn't this a common request? She could have just told me that the meeting would be charged to use the business center and sent me on my way. Wasn't too sure why it was an issue.- General cheeziness: i'm not sure if this is a bad thing. One thing about us Quebecois is we like our cheese and not only in curd format. This hotel was clearly designed in the 1990s with it's lobby decked out in faux fur walls, sequins and feathered pillows. Or maybe it was designed last week. That's just a Quebec thing. But it is VERY cheesy. Including the ads for the absinthe bar with the promise of seductive red lips and the green genie. It put me off a bit but then I remembered my roots and just got into it. If you like nouveau chique and modern design this isn't your place though. You've been warned. All in all, I think the Coast in Nanaimo is better which is kinda sad when you consider the international level of travelers going through Montreal. I would expect service level to be much higher. But it is walking distance to Old Montreal, Chinatown, downtown and St-Laurent so for the price, probably worth a look.
4	We've stayed in two other Montreal hotels in the past 2 years, so we had some basis for comparison when staying here.  I chose the Intercontinental for its proximity to the old town and the fact that it had a special rate through the Montreal tourism site.  Upon arrival on a Saturday evening, we were able to park on the street for free (it was after 6) which allowed us easy access to the hotel.  We were told we had been "upgraded" to a room with a view.  And what a view!  We were on the 24th floor for two nights.  The room was spacious and clean.  The king size bed was super comfy- the pillows were ridiculously soft, which may not be for everyone.  The bathroom was big, too, as it had a small shower with good water pressure AND a tub.  And I will mention- as it matters to me- that the hairdryer provided was awesome.  Generally, this hotel is great, though wi-fi and breakfast cost extra unlike many hotel deals in Montreal.  We didn't take advantage of the pool or the business center which I suppose are two of the other perks of the hotel.  Generally, stay here if you can find a good deal.  Otherwise, you may be like us and need less and therefore can stay somewhere with free wi-fi.
4	This is a nice moderately upscale hotel with a great list of amenities situated in a great location near St. Laurent St.  The concierge and staff are have always been great to me when I have stayed here.  They are also very accommodating and friendly.   The rooms are pleasing and comfortable. Laying on the bed too long will make you want to take a nap. My only complaint is lack of free WiFi and overpriced minibar.
4	Stayed here on our wedding night. We booked through Hotwire but they upgraded us to a suite for free. Very very cool on their part. Hotel is located in a great location. Rooms were very very nice. Service was extremely friendly too. Only complaint that I had was that the valet was a little slow. All in all, would definitely stay here again.
4	This is a beautiful hotel in the heart of Old Montreal, within a couple of blocks of Saint-Catherine shopping and the Place Des Arts.  I stayed here for one night on pleasure.  It's worth noting that I stayed with a Living Social coupon for $185/night plus tax, which is essentially 50% off.  I also know other travellers who have gotten a room for $200/night on Priceline.com.  I would NOT pay the $300-$350/night they ask on the website as full-price.That being said, they gave us a beautiful, larger corner room.  There wasn't much view (other than the windows of adjacent buidlings), but the room was luxurious, with a nice, large washroom (including separate standing shower and bathtub).  Service was excellent, and I have no complaints.While people seem to complain about the expensive wifi, I was able to use wifi for free while in my room.  It switched to a pay-policy when in the lobby or restaurants.  Not sure why...The hotel also has a fantastic restaurant (Osco!), and a fun absinthe bar (Sarah B.).I would recommend this restaurant, assuming you can get a deal on the room price.
4	Great location. Reserved a "deluxe room with magnificent view", but the view was lackluster. Bathroom was huge though. Very comfy bed. Lobby is not that impressive.The front desk was slow and there wasn't a PriorityClub line available, bummer. Concierge was top notch though, spent a good 20 minutes telling us all the places to go and writing it down on a map for us. Next time, I would consider staying at the W better which is right next door. Geared more towards the younger crowd.
4	Neither myself nor my partner had ever been to Montreal before.  I know, I know.This hotel was a great jumping off place for us to get situated & learn our bearings of the city.  It's right down the block from the Square-Victoria metro stop (& technically you don't even have to go outside to get there!  You can utilize an underground passage.)  It's also close to Vieux-Port & Old Montreal.The lobby itself included faux fur, sequins, & zebra print.  It was...err, interesting.No free wifi - $10 for two hours or $15 for a day.  Seemed a bit skimpy in comparison to the image they were presenting otherwise.The water pressure in the shower was excellent.  Why have I been settling for subpar pressure in our own apartment washroom?
5	We booked on Hotwire, so we weren't exactly sure what we were going to get for a hotel.  Its ratings were pretty high, though, so we were semi-confident in our decision.  We really lucked out!  Upon entering one of the doors to the hotel (and especially parking underground), It was a little confusing to try to weave your way to the front desk, but there were many magnificent views along the way.  The lobby (and hallways) are beautifully decorated with a retro modern look.  The elevators to the rooms are quick, plentiful, and very clean.  Upon entry into our room, my jaw dropped.  For a hotel room, it was HUGE.  The decor was updated and very welcoming.  The king-size bed was still dwarfed by the room, and it was oh-so-comfortable after a day of exploring Montreal on foot.  There was also a reading chair and ottoman, mini-bar, and large flat-screen TV in the room, and there was still a lot of leftover space!  The closet was also huge.  The bathroom was very clean, marbled, and luxurious as well.  The towels weren't super soft, but that can be overlooked with everything else that the room had going for it.  There's also a phone in the bathroom should you need one (but, really, why would you?).  We felt very pampered and slept SO well in this comfortable, clean, quiet room.  I wished we had a longer stay. :(  Off the lobby, there's a coffee shop called Java U that serves a plethora of breakfast/lunch choices at very reasonable prices.  We didn't get a chance to try out the bar or other dining options, but they looked very nice.  Underground parking is convenient, but a bit pricey here.  It's $20+ per time you exit and/or day, so make sure you only go out once a day if you're going to drive anywhere!  We walked to most places downtown, took the hop-on, hop-off bus tour, and/or jumped on the Metro subway.  (There's a entry to the Underground just across the street from the hotel.  There may even be a connection from the hotel.  It's big enough and we never did explore everything.)  The hotel was in a good location, too.  It wasn't right amongst the downtown attractions, but it's only a short walk away, and we loved the exercise.  We'd definitely consider staying here again on a future visit to Montreal; it'll probably be the first place we check out when booking again.
5	My husband and I stayed here for our ten-year anniversary and had a fantastic time.  He told them ahead of time that it was a special occasion for us, and they really went out of their way to make it special for us!  They left cupcakes in our room and gave us a room with a spectacular view of the city.  The room was small but immaculately clean.  We received great service with regard to our every concern.  The hotel concierge was sweet and VERY helpful with regard to all our event planning.  Perhaps our favorite part in staying here was the incredible buffet breakfast - you must try it!  A phenomenal selection of delicious foods, and the crepes and fresh omelets were especially to die for.  Finally, you just can't beat the location!  We couldn't recommend this hotel more highly.
3	I recently attended a conference in Montreal and stayed at this hotel.  Their meeting spaces are very nice and were an excellent choice for the meetings, cocktail receptions and group dinner that were part of the conference.  In addition the onsite restaurant -- Osco, was very good, even though they did not have any vegetarian options on the menu.  The waiter graciously agreed to have the chef prepare a marinara pasta with fresh vegetables, that was absolutely perfect. My room was spacious.  I chose a "deluxe irresistible room" and was quite satisfied with the space provided.  However, the air conditioning unit in the room was not very good and I had to constantly adjust it as the room became very stuffy every couple of hours.  Also, while there is a time and place for a dimly lit room, the inability to brighten the room up for reading or working at the desk provided, was frustrating.The hotel was conviently located within walking distance of many tourist attractions, restaurants and shopping.The lobby area was colorful, but the furniture was worn and torn in some spots.  In addition, the charge for WiFi was surprising and seemingly not fully understood by the hotel staff.  I purchased 24 hours access for $15, but still found that there were separate charges for each time I accessed the internet during that 24 hour period.  Fortunately, I did not utilize the express check-out option and instead went to the front desk before I left and asked to inspect my bill.The gym was pretty small, but sufficient given the apparent lack of interest of the other guests.  The small oscillating fan did not fully cool down the room, but because it was not crowded, it was not uncomfortably warm in the gym.I would not rule out returning to this hotel, but would investigate other options first.
4	It was a nice hotel. Great location. It has access to RESO, the underground tunnels that gets you around without having to be outside in the cold.The room was great. Wallpaper in bathroom was peeling off, so it was kind of gross. There was a phone next to the toilet, that was kind of weird. The staff was really nice, friendly, and helpful. The environment was really nice except for when I stumbled onto two drunk girls with little clothing on, one without shoes, and one with only socks.I didn't go into the restaurant because of the cost, but it smelled really really really good.Getting to your car is kind of a pain since their parking was in the sub level 9 and 10.
5	We booked this hotel on hotwire, and we were pleasantly surprised! The room was clean and large, and the bed was super comfortable. Valet parking was not too expensive, and the staff were all extremely helpful. We asked where a good place for breakfast was one morning, and the concierge walked with us a little ways and pointed us in the direction of the most perfect little French cafe. I would absolutely return to this hotel, and recommend it to anyone traveling to Montreal!
4	I stayed here in late April 2013 for a conference at the Palais de congress which was perfect since it was right across the street. Check- in was straight forward and the staff was friendly to a non-French speaking guest. I came a few days early to take in the city and it was a good location. It was between two Metro stops and close to the Old Port. The concierge was fantastic and had good tips for places to dine as well as shop. They also made reservations for you for places that were more difficult to get in to. I would stay here again.
4	Booked on Hotwire, and glad we did, rather than pay full price. It's a good hotel, with a comfortable bed and good pillows. It's right in between downtown and the old city, which makes it great if you're on foot. I found the second-floor check-in odd, but I guess it works for them. Overall, I'd stay here again.
2	Location is ok for exploring Old Montreal and the business district. A little less optimal for Plateau and Parc areas. The rooms are a little tired, not that I really mind usually but for 4 stars +? The lobby however, is very.... Florida contemporary?To be honest, I was most disappointed with all of the additional fees. I booked on Priceline and I understand that the confusion might lie there, but still. Requested two beds and was told at check in that two beds would be an additional fee. Self park, additional fee. We brought our pet, additional fee. Wifi? fee! Bottled water - fee! I understand that often there are fees but there was no mention of it, or even the potential fees via Priceline OR the Intercontinental's own site. Once all was said and done we paid almost double per night than I had expected. The staff reduced the fees a little but I was annoyed. After a very long drive and a late evening check in, I was not in the mood. And no, you are not ALWAYS charged for your pet. We have stayed at plenty of hotels where there was no additional fee (I love you Ritz Carlton.) Really enjoyed the cleaning lady on the 11th floor though, she was lovely. In the end it was fine, but too expensive once you added everything up. We stayed at the Omni the year before for $60 less or so per night, and we had a wonderful room.
5	This is an excellent hotel withing walking distance to Old Montreal, Notre Dame Cathedral, the Old Port, and many fine restaurants. The condition of the room was excellent and the staff could not have been better. When we needed a few more bathroom accessories, we contacted housekeeping. Within 5 minutes, we had what we requested. They go above and beyond to make your stay an extremely enjoyable one. We did not need a car, there are many taxis that are available no matter what the time of day or nigh
4	Had 3 days of business meetings recently here last week. We were in the St Laurent room in the basement. Room was setup just as we had requested for the week. Maitre D was very attentive and accommodating. Continental breakfast was a bit on the skimpy side but not horrible. Lunches were exquisitely prepared and with excellent selection that had wonderful salads and always a fish option for lunch! Everyone mentioned the food was wonderful! Hotel rooms were very comfortable and I had a spectacular view on the 22nd floor. Location is excellent!
4	Nice hotel located in a great area. We used jetsetters mystery hotel and got this one!Plenty of features. Concierge was helpful. Restaurants within hotel. Metro without leaving building. Room was spacious. We had a king intimate (only slept two people) and it was very nice. No view however from the window despite being on the 17th floor it overlooked another room just across the way. Shower had two nozzles for extra warmth. Bathroom scale (to keep track of those extra vacation pounds) and a nice sitting chair. Parking was expensive and a hassle to get to car. Park on st Jacques street and parking is 17$ instead of 23 daily if you are staying for a while.
2	My friend and I stayed here for Labor Day weekend.  The hotel is absolutely beautiful.  The decor is very contemporary and the architecture near the lobby is very interesting.  The rooms are clean and have adequate spacing.  However, WiFi nor continental breakfast is included (like it is at the Embassy Suites next door).  The hotel offers free WiFi for an hour during your stay AND the hotspot is located in the lobby!  I have to say, that made my stay inconvenient.  I have stayed in several hotels all over the United States both high end and not so high end, and they all came with free WiFi.  Bottom line: Stay somewhere else, where all amenities are included with no additional fees!
3	I've got major beef with ANY establishment that charges $16/day for WiFi. It's 2013, people! C'mon! You can do better than that. I've stayed in cheap motels that offer free wifi. Especially for an international traveler, wifi is super important, and paying $16 per day for something that *should* be FREE really grinds my gears. Now that my rant is out of the way, the hotel was decent. Nothing special. The concierge desk NEVER picked up the phone when I called from the room which was semi-annoying. But overall, not a bad place to stay in Montreal.
2	IntroductionThis hotel is centrally located, but I got a ride from the airport (which by the way, is not far). There is valet parking and when I arrived, you have to go up an escalator to check-in. It appears this hotel is attached to a mall (?) or inside complex which is very convenient. My boyfriend had checked in the night before so all I had to do was go up. Elevators are near the hotel's main restaurant.Room 1906Our room was a nice corner "suite." It was sizeable and the bathroom was really huge. We didn't stay in the room that much but it was comfortable. Signature flat-screen tv, sitting area, safety deposit box, two closets (nice for extra space) and mini-bar. I wasn't too keen on the bathroom products (it said something about San Francisco) and while I usually love the smell of Lemon Verbena, these products weren't up to snuff. They didn't pass the "Charlotte takes all the products home" test.AmenitiesThis hotel has a pool, gym, and spa. The hotel site makes the pool look nice and long, which is perfect for lap swimming. But because there is so much to do and see in Montreal, my boyfriend and I hardly got to use any of the facilitiesOne main restaurant and one lounge/bar. My friends and I (we stayed at the same hotel) decided to check out this bar and it wasn't too bad. Another review on that.Valet Parking available. Every time we wanted to go out, we had to call the Concierge to get our car ready. I had slight issues with this as every time I called, there was no one at the Concierge desk. I had to try multiple times, only to call the Front Desk to get my car. ConclusionI came here with my boyfriend and because he is an IHG member, he stayed here for the points. Overall, I didn't have the best impression of this hotel. Nothing special, nothing out of the ordinary; it's just a place to stay. There was one day when we left at 10AM, returned back at midnight, only to find that our room had not been cleaned at all. The day before, it was cleaned at around 6pm when we were getting ready to go out. This inconsistency for me is a big no-no. Two star deductions (and no, we didn't leave the 'Do Not Disturb' sign on). Staff aren't really friendly either, but perhaps I wasn't being friendly to them?Location can't be beat. When one is in Montreal, you don't expect to lounge in the hotel anyways, so really, the InterContinental is just a place to crash. But on that note, I am sure there are cheaper options if you want a just-to-crash hotel. For the price you are paying, there are some expectations.
4	We used Hotwire to try to get this Hotel, and succeeded. The trick is pay attention to their trip advisor rating and cross reference it with their star rating. anywho.. 1- Room: They gave us a really nicely sized room, on a high floor with a large bathroom.- which some Hotels don't tend to do with Hotwire reservations, or usually try to give you the bare minimum. 2- Location:  It's a nice little downtown neighborhood of "Vieux-Montreal" which is old Montreal. The restaurants around the block are pretty nice, and you'll find an assortment of traditional French cuisine. 3- Transportation: There's a Metro Station connected to the Hotel in the "Montreal World Trade Center" annex thingy4- Staff: Sweet, Kind and speak English- which came in handy for my better half5- Amenities:- Pool: Was ok, but not what I expected out of IHG- Sauna:  Needs a little update- Gym: Needs a little TLC and update as well6- On site restaurant: Do not eat at the restaurant- unless you're starved and everything is close. The food is mediocre and priced as you'd expect at an IHG Hotel. The Absinte Bar, on the other hand is a must. The drinks are amazing, and quite potent. The bartender is really sweet and cordial. Overall, I did enjoy my stay at IHG, and would recommend it. However, I think they need to update their "spa."TIP: Signup for their rewards program (it's free) and they'll waive the price of their $15/night WIFI. ----BONUS: Oddity of the "Montreal World Trade Center." The Hotel is right next to the St James Hotel and the area between them is enclosed to create some sort of retail/fast-food/ fine dining/ office spaces? It's nice during the winter - when we went- because they attempt give the allure of the outdoors inside. You must check it out.
4	This hotel has a very nice manager. I booked it for a birthday weekend for my husband and his buddies. I didn't realize I hadn't booked double beds until the night before. Although they couldn't accommodate since the rooms were sold out, they offered kings with sofa beds. I wanted to cancel after the time limit and the manager did this for me with no fees or penalties. This is enough to make me want to stay here next time!!
5	This hotel was arranged for us by Holland cruise line. It is centrally located...closer to old town, has an indoor pool, spa, sauna, and exercise room with a few machines. Our room was amazing...large with a beautiful bath with a tub and shower...very roomy. Internet is available for free in the lobby but if you join their club, no free to join, the Internet will also be free in your room. It is a beautiful hotel (which by the way doesn't look like from the outside). Don't expect a magnificent view from the window...but who cares. The hop on hop off bus is a couple of blocks away. All the people who work here are very helpful and friendly. We did not have extra fees.
5	Excellent Room elegant hotel with beautiful palais de congress view at 10th floor efficient and kind staff. The gym area is rather little but it is quit good
4	wow, been very impressive with the building, great location (center of Montreal) side to a mall,  subway access, service etc etc. beware wifi is extra. got facilities to pool and gym, room service is very efficient and rapid. got a blast... will be back for sure
2	Two days in a row my husband and I left the room around 10 and returned around 5 to discover that our room had not been straightened up.  Each time that we called to complain we were treated rudely and told it must be our fault for leaving a do not disturb sign on the door, which we had not.  The hotels is centrally located, which is a big plus.
4	We stayed here for 4 days while we were in town. It is good walking distance to Old Montreal, Downtown and many attractions. 20 minute drive to the oratory, would be over an hour walk on a nice day but was cold and rainy during our stay. The hotel was well appointed and our room was very well kept with a large bathroom. The concierges Gary and Jemil were extremely knowledgeable and had great recommendations for the city. Gary made sure our itineraries were confirmed and that we were on time for everything and Jemil made sure we were well fed and made us reservations at great places. He also helped me find a 24 hours pharmacy when I had a late night emergency and everything I could find was closed. The desk staff was super helpful, the cleaning staff were prompt. The only time they were delayed, we had the do not disturb sign on the room until shortly after 10 am and we were back to the room at 4 to rest and they were cleaning so we went to the rooftop patio to relax until they were done. They are not mind readers and I did not expect them to clean the room the moment we left especially when they had completed servicing the other rooms on our floor, so I think that was reasonable. Our only complaint was that the pool was quite small and has short hours. We have never been to hotel with a pool that closes at 7pm before and it did not give us any time to enjoy it at all since we had busy days and were frequently not back to the hotel until at least 9-10. Additional costs to factor in are parking and WiFi as neither are free to hotel guests.
