3	Decent Chinese fast food that is similar to Panda Express.  About what you would expect at a food court.  The prices for the food entrees was a bit high.  The price for a bottle of beer was way too expensive.  Just get your alcohol at the casino while playing.Good place for a quick meal.  I would stop by again.  I just would not buy beer.
3	Wanted to grab quick dinner. Ordered 2 item combo with half noodles and half fried rice.  Noodles: bland so don't forget the hot sauce...Rice: was pretty good as is, but can be a bit on the bland side (I tend to like my food a bit bland) Orange chicken: I actually thought it was pretty good. Tasted very fresh.  I think one of the better fast food orange chicken.Kung pao chicken was eh...didn't careMuch for it.  The sauce just didn't taste right.  It was bitter I thought. Overall, it fast food, if you don't expect gourmet meal...you will enjoy it!
2	The broccoli beef and ginger mushroom chicken were okay. The chow mien was the worst I've ever had. Undercooked and bland. I'm a good eater and left it all on the plate.
1	One of the grossest food court items I've ever got anywhere. Even my husband wouldn't eat it, and he doesn't refuse food often.Service was good. But our Beef and Broccoli  and Orange Chicken was like eating balls of deep fried paste dipped in the most bland sauce you can find. I tried to force it down because I hadn't eaten in a while but it was impossible. $10  2 item combo in the garbage. Even the egg roll got tossed after a bite from both of us.
1	Ate beaf and broccoli the first night here, it Was good, the second night, oh gosh, they mixed everything , it was impossible to get boilded rice, and when we finaly got our food it was red meat. Grose
1	Worst chinese food ive ever had. Small portions and has no flavor. Not worth the $10.
1	Came here to grab a quick bite and was sorely disgusted.Pan Asian Express is no Panda Express. The food quality is WAY OFF.We had the orange chicken and mushroom chicken. For both, I couldnt tell if the meat I was eating was fish, chicken, pork, or flour. Yes, it was that bland, and bad.The fried rice was tasteless and hard. Also, service was terribe. We were overcharged by $10 for a $30 bill (not to mention overpriced), and thankfully we checked the receipt and requested for a refund.Did not finish my food. Definitely not coming back.
4	Went to PanAsian express after leaving a fancy Chinese restaurant at NYNY. Ordered a normal plate with noodles and orange chicken, the employee was nice enough to make fresh orange chicken (which tasted great, better than Panda!). The noodles were nice and hot and tasty. The employee also refilled our sodas for free. Overall I had a great experience, don't expect gourmet food, just solid Chinese fast food. I was very satisfied!
2	Tiny portions and overpriced. But, then, everything else on the Strip is. $15 for a tiny plate of chow mein and two tiny entrees + bottled water.
