3	lovely place this store is. very beautiful produce.
4	Given that you couldn't swing a cat in the city centre Debenham's, this branch provides some welcome relief for department store lovers, even if it is a bit of a trek from the city centre.I've already droned on in previous reviews about my love for department stores and the general ambience they have. This one isn't huge, but is perfectly well appointed and absolutely splendid at Christmas time. Not quite as upmarket as Jenners, but still excellent.
5	you can't really get much better than Debenhams, no matter where it is!They have a great selection of clothes, appliances....heck I'm not even going to bother to write the rest of it down because you know as well as I do what they sell and how great it is.this particular branch doesn't have a Henry Holland though, which I was really annoyed about when I got the bus down here to but a playsuit from Henry Holland the other day....tsuh.The staff are lovely too!One of the best things about this branch is the fact that it's quite quiet, so plenty time to shop in a nice quiet and relaxing atmosphere!
2	I had some difficulty writing this review as I do frequent the place when in Ocean Terminal, but more as 'part of' the Ocean Terminal visit and I wanted it to be positive, I wanted to like it and tell people how nice shopping here is..but I can't.I am ok with big department stores. I loose several hours checking out current trends. And cheap last season things. Debenhams is however not my favourite. The place is a mess. Dusty and frumpy. Most of the time I am in the men's section checking out the designer garb - Jasper Conran, Rocha, Levis, Maine, St George and just as many times I leave with an empty mind.. it doesn't inspire me to try things or buy things. They also have a 'kitchen' section where famous names flog their wares. ( I find TKMaxx to be more appealing to be honest..) - this may be a department store for some, but to me it is just a collection of market stalls.. Don't get me started on the canteen like restaurant on the top floor. Nope.. just don't.
3	as my gym is in ocean terminal, i spend a fair bit of time going in and out of the shops on my way there.  this is especially true with debenhams as their escalator takes me right to the doors of pure gym so i can't allow myself to get distracted from walking in.  in terms of what this shop actually is though... hmm it's a big department store that does a pretty decent job of having a variety of items from clothing and shoes to jewelry, beauty products, and kitchenware.  it's not an amazing store, but it is a useful store that has a good variety of things i might need.  i find that the women's clothing bit while fairly large actually has very few things that i'm enticed to buy.  also it's always rather difficult to find someone to help you at the makeup counters as almost every time i'm there the saleswomen seem to be talking amongst themselves with little interest in actually helping a customer.  that said though, i find their homeware items very reasonably priced and i've been there once or twice to buy an emergency cake tin when i've decided to bake.  also debenham's has great sales so i can't fault them for that, although i don't always find something i want to buy.  so overall a rather mixed review.  it's convenient to have a department store nearby me but i'm not convinced that this store is as good as it could be.
5	This branch of Debenhams is light, airy and well thought out.  It doesn't feel too cramped with items coming at you and it's relitavily quiet too.Women's clothing ranges from red herring, john rocha and mantaray are just a few to call out but there is a decent floor worth to get something for that occasion.  There is also a beauty area, mens, kids and and homeware depts.  Loads of labels to choose from what ever you are looking for.There is parking in the near by parking tower connected to the building at ocean terminal - 5 floors on each side of the shopping mall!  Yeap - see me going back a few times and spoiling myself!!
