4	I stayed here overnight after seeing a concert at the Venue of Scottsdale. It was very clean. The room had a refrigerator which was a plus, but the only downside was that there was no microwave in the room.
1	People here are one of the following: toothless, heavy smokers outside of their room on the balcony talking loud, people who likely live in a motorhome or trailer and are living the high-life here, or about 40 aging men softball players.  Then, there is me -- a cratchedly grumbly snooty hotel-stayer.What it is: cheap; value-priced; great location next to the Fashion Square mall near Old Town Scottsdale; good for travelers; partiers, large groups needing a low-cost option.What it is NOT: vacation spot, relaxing, nice, clean, quiet.I didn't think I am a snob, but I undoubtedly officially have self-elected myself.  The rooms need a desperate remodel.  Never will I stay here again, unless of course, I lose some teeth, join a softball team, etc!
4	Have been a fan of this place since we started staying here a few years back. It has a Rat Pack old school feel to it. All the rooms ring around a courtyard perfect for clam bakes. The pool is nothing to get a chubby about, but when your skin is melting off under the desert sun it works for a quick dip. The bar is centrally located right next to the pool. My peeps and I usually bring our own refreshments since the rooms have mini fridges, but the peace of mind that a cure is always close by helps soothe the drunky in me. The rooms are comfortable, but not glamorous by any stretch of the imagination. The walls do a good job of keeping the noise to the minimum. The rooms are cleaned thoroughly and the housekeepers are good about hooking up the extra towels when the wife needs to line the floor from the shower to the bed. Within walking distance of old town Scottsdale and the nightlife nearby. Also within spitting distance of the bombest mall EVER. It's like a triple decker MC Escher designed ode to consumerism. Plus they have the puppy store that the ladies always enjoy visiting. If you're looking for a place to lay your head go here. If you're looking for 4 star pampering like some whiner posted earlier get lost.
1	If I could give it a minus rating I would.  I was vacationing a few weeks ago in Scottsdale (my first time in the city).  We wanted to come in a day early.  We called Hotel.com and talked to the agent.  They told us it was a remodeled hotel with a handicap room with two beds.  When we go there it was not remodeled, a handicap room with 1 king size bed. It was the worst night I have stayed at any hotel. For the money I paid it should have been a 4 star experience.  The staff at the first desk was rude and when we asked for other hotel numbers she made sure they were to high in price so we were forced to stay there.  The bedding was spotted so we don't know if the blankets were ever washed.   We got up early the next morning to leave, we didn't stay for the breakfast we just had to get out of there  ASAP.   It was a horrible time and when we moved to the other hotel that we then spent the next three nights in we washed all of our clothing to get the nasty feel of dirt off of us.  Please go anywhere else to stay other than the Days Inn Fashion Square Resort unless you know nasty hotel rooms.
3	No complaints here! I booked this hotel through Allegiant Air, which was a good decision. The cost was affordable, the placement was pretty key. The breakfast was unsatisfying but that's nothing to write home about. Everything felt clean, the staff was nice without being too friendly. I thought it was funny looking out my room at the mall parking lot, with a giant Macy*s sign right behind it. What an interesting and silly place!
2	Looking old and tired. But, a good price, especially considering the free breakfast. I hear that they might be shutting down in December because the mall wants the land.
2	Great price !! & Clean .. lil noisy AC but a great spot to use for a night n Scottsdale when you had a few drinks.
