5	This is a great place to go file your taxes. The people there a really nice! They know what they are doing and they do everything the correct way. Such a friendly environment. Their prices are good, the lowest i have seen.
5	Everyone here is so professional. They're so nice and they take their time. They try to help you as much as they can.
5	If you want profesional assistance, professional service, ACESTax is the place to.  Once you walk in you get a feeling of being welcomed.  It is very warming.  That is always a good start when walking to places like this.  There is no down time.. If your waiting they are very accommodating.  This is where I will be conducting my taxes every year from here on out!!  Thank you ACESTax!!!!!
1	NEVER EVER coming back here again!!! They did my tax, and I recieved my refund, then a few weeks later I recieved a notification from IRS that I owe almost a thousand dollars!! Which confused me, because I provided all legitimate paperworks (W2form, bank reports, and school reports) to ACES TAX, and they did the rest! So I dont understand why this happened. Never had this happen before! I called IRS, and they said that I owe that amount, I asked them how and why when It's this company that did my taxes, and they said to talk to them, I went back to Aces tax office, and talked to the owner CHITO, he looked at the letter, and completely told me somehting different from the paper as if he didnt even read or understand what the paper said, and guess what his solution was?? He said to call IRS!! I was like are you freaking serious!?!? I paid them pretty big plus tipped them when they did my tax, and now I owe IRS money because of their mistake, that they DIDN'T even try to help fin a solution or FIX it.! Horrible people! Horrible Place! they seemed uneducated when I came back to have him fix the problem! I guess the people who does taxes here only knows how to INPUT numbers from the paper we bring them to the software they have on their computer!! DO NOT COME TO THIS PLACE!!! Til now I stilll have problem with IRS because of this! Andmy family and I are very good abiding citizens of the UNITED STATES! Do not come here!!
5	I've been coming to Aces Tax for years and they always give me professional service. Service is always friendly and fast. I'm in and out in no time even when they're busy. I'm greeted then soon I'm sitting with one of their friendly staff members. I've never had any problems with their service all of these years and they always get me my full tax return. I always look forward to seeing these foks during tax season. I remember they used to be at Commercial Center, then had an establishment on west Sahara. Now located on S. Maryland Parkway close to Goldilocks Bakery...mmmm MAMON!!!
