3	Hmmmm burritos , I love burritos.  Pintos make burritos with pinto beans ;) I'm in. Can't say that I have ever heard of this chain of fast mexican food but I can say that it makes a tasty healthier style of mexican food that I'm used of. Went in the other day to grab some lunch and saw that it was slammed! I thought Pancho Villa and his gang was raiding the place! Being smart , ( so I like to think ) I quickly jumped in line before the drifting smells of tacos and such made it down the street and attracted more people like bees to flowers . I decided what I wanted in line opting for a healthy choice and saw that the line had indeed grew substantially . The burrito I had was not to bad. Not great but not bad. Seeing as how the gentleman who served me looked stressed I will forgive him for the amount of rice in my burrito it was a lot to say the least. I did like the grilled chicken which had good flavour. I do think they should throw some lime wedges as options and plenty of cilantro which was completely lacking . If you want to do baja style take away burritos you need at a minimum lime and cilantro and even some radishes but that's just my opinion. Otherwise not a bad little place and I will be coming back again to try the quesadillas for they did look mucho gusto. I do encourage you if you read this to go try the place though because it is new and needs to stretch its legs and let us know on here how you found it to be. Adios!
3	Grabbed a late lunch here yesterday. They've not yet got their alcohol license yet so no chance of a beer to wash it down this time.The counter service was as speedy as you would hope for in such a fast-casual place and the prices, range & the food itself were all fine. The decor's pretty welcoming though obviously not plush.Does Illegal Jack's next door have anything to worry about? Probably not unless a price war starts.
3	Great for a quick bite to eat! Had a delicious burrito there.
2	Gave this a try for lunch. Like the idea of the fast food mexican but found this a bit bland.Fast service, okay prices. Service could have been a little bit more informative, never asked if we knew about any of their deals.
3	It's decent but I think once you've had an illegal jacks it ruins you for all other burritos. Still licking the wounds from that place closing so I'm maybe being a bit tough on pinto. The meats a bit sub standard. I got pulled beef which was like mush even for pulled. Got the steak option next time and It's not much different, like those thin little bits of shoe leather u get in Chinese takeaway dishes. Maybe I'm just used to the unbelievable steak in illegal jacks...Service lacks as well they always seem to have loads of staff behind that wee counter but it still takes ages to get served. The three times I've been in the person serving has ripped the tortilla while rolling.On the other hand their mild salsa is packed with flavour and it's inexpensive.
