4	Great cup of coffee! I was so excited when this location opened at the end of last year. The location on Mill was always on my way to work but after moving, it was a little out of the way - still completely worth it though. But this one is totally on the way! It's a great place to get a mocha. They're made with real chocolate milk!
4	I don't get by here often, but they do make very good Mochas.  The real stand out to this particular location ( and most of the others ) is the staff.  They are all consistantly happy, energized, and entertaining.  I guess drinking and making coffee all day makes you a happy person.  It's one of the better places to get coffee.Try:- Mocha
5	I get a coffee from here almost every day of the week!Of all of the Dutch Bros in the valley that I have been to, this one is my favorite. Their customer service is really 2nd to none! They are always happy and seem to be having a great time. For any of you music lovers out there, your sure to hear a new tune or two on your visits here as they have GREAT taste in music and have something new playing every day. My day has always needed a coffee but no other coffee puts pep in my step quite like one from Dutch Bros!!Try: Skinny Irish Mocha!! -  It was their March special and it's listed on the regular menu. Also, you can ask for any of their drinks skinny.
5	I can't like this place enough  - well all of them actually! Definitely my new favorite place to get coffee week in and week out, especially the freezes - best version of frozen coffee ever and so much better than iced. I love the music and energetic, friendly staff at each location - can't the service AND great coffee combo!Leah
5	Love Dutch Bros.  They don't serve drip coffee, just the espresso based concoctions.  I love Americanos, for one, so this serves me perfectly.Their staff could be a little less friendly and energetic (no -- I don't want to have a cheery-peppy conversation right now, thanks), that would be my only complaint.  But, considering they're probably snorting coffee grounds, shooting-up espresso between their toes, and having coffee orgies when nobody is around, I figure I can let this small detraction slide.
3	Good coffee and fast (if you do the walk-up window). A little bit on the sweet side.
4	I've always heard the Dutch Bro craze for years and I finally got around to trying it just a couple months ago.  I'm addicted.  I get the Coco-mo every time.  I don't want to try anything else because it's so good.  I like how quick they are too.  I can see where some would think the employees are a little too "peppy" and maybe seem like they pretend to care about what's going on with your day, but I thought, are we as consumers really starting to complain about nice service?  would we rather have rude service? i think we are so used to people not asking what we are up to for the day that it seems out of the norm for someone to loudly ask what our plans our.  our culture has warped this into being annoying and fake. I think giving constructive criticism can be good if done in a positive, non demeaning way and if this were my business I would want someone to suggest something to me that could improve my operations.  Again back to the employee-guest relationship, maybe turn down the music inside the store just a little.  I don't really like driving up to the store and having the music up so loud that i have to scream my order. and then the music is so loud that the conversation is likeHI WHAT CAN I GET FOR YOU? WHAT ARE YOU DOING TODAY!!!! HOMEWORK??? OH BUMMER!!!! DO YOU HAVE TO WORK!!!! OH AWESOME I LIKE YOUR SHIRT!!! DO YOU HAVE YOUR PUNCH CARD!!! THANKS FOR COMING!!!!!! SEE YA SOON!!!!!!!  I feel like I just had a conversation with someones 8 year old little sister at her lemonade stand. Great coffee.  I see the direction Dutch Bros is trying to go as far as service, but the approach can also repel people.  maybe take it down a notch? theres a difference between asking someone what they got going on for the day and yelling at them over Justin Timberlake blaring in the background.
5	This is seriously some of the best coffee around.  Stopped by for a quick cup of coffee with a friend.  The staff was so nice and the coffee was so good, we now meet here weekly for coffee and to catch up.
5	Time to update my review for this great Dutch Brothers location on Rural & Guadalupe.  They are pretty busy in the mornings, but usually send out of of the incredibly friendly staff to keep the orders moving.  Much like I stated in my last review the staff always seems to be in a great mood whenever I come by which has made me frequent this location much more often than I used too.  Not sure if they drink lots of coffee while they work or they just hire really awesome people, but whatever it is it seems to work out. The added bonus is the coffee is fantastic.  The only downside to this location is if there is a ton of people you can't really get into the parking lot from Rural to place your order.  This is one of the best locations on this side of the valley to get coffee.  Keep up the good work.
5	2 stamp tuesdays!!! .....er... triple stamp tuesday & happy hour pricing...oh yeah!
2	This place has the strongest coffee I have ever had. I am not effected by caffeine usually, however this had me buzzing. I don't like that feeling. :-(
4	Iced Cocomo chocolate coconut coffee!If you need a premium caffeine fix with the speed and convenience of a drive through, Dutch Bros Coffee is the way to go. This was my first experience, and it was good! The quality of the coffee is exceptional with a wide variety of coffee flavors.I ordered a "Cocomo" (Chocolate / Coconut) and my brother-in-law tried the "Annihilator" (White Chocolate / Macadamia nut) ice coffee. I tried both and I think mine was a little richer and sweeter, but I preferred his coffee which was a tad bit lighter with a more nuttier taste.Prices are on par for any premium coffee, service was fast and friendly and I like the idea of not having to leave the car when it's 106 degree's outside.All iced coffee's are upgraded to a medium or large size and multiple shots of espresso can be added for an additional charge.Recommendation: Try the "Annihilator" if you like a more of a nuttier flavor coffee that isn't too sweet. Drive through is awesome!
5	I have recently discovered this location and I have to say that is is a new favorite spot! Service is always friendly as can be, efficient and I love my drink! It can be expensive but mmmm white mocha frappe! :)
4	Normal Dutch bros!! Not quite the same as my trusty McQueen Dutch bros but these guys still rock!! Love the coffee and other drinks. Super friendly staff and they always great you with a smile! I'd be fine with making this my daily stop if it was my neighborhood. Try some of the blended drinks! You can always ask for sugar free, caffeine free and fat free if you want!! Happy Coffee days!
4	My first time here, so I really didn't have any expectations. I am an iced coffee gal and like the frills...but not too sweet. I tried the iced white mocha with light syrup made with coconut milk (YES they have something other than soy!!!) Pretty good, pretty good. The guys on duty were awesome and even gave me a 9-stamp punch card since it was my first time so my next drink is free - woot woot! Prices on the menu include tax and are cheaper than s-bucks. The coffee deserves three stars, but I give them 4 for hooking up the punch card and great customer service. The only down side is it appears all the drinks are pretty sugary. I didn't have the time to ask if they can make any of them better for your waistline, so I didn't let that affect my rating.
5	My fav spot to get coffee ever. Always amazing friendly staff, quick service and a smile! Try and bring as many people by as I can to change their coffee drinking experience, highly recommend it! Try the Iced Kicker, it's first on the menu for a reason :)
5	Great coffee place! Tasty drinks and great price. Staff is always friendly and upbeat.
5	This is the Dutch Bros closest my house, so will come here a lot after a run / walk on the canal trails. Not much difference than the other locations. Talkative, friendly baristas, quick service, delicious coffee. Your Dutch Mafia stamp card should be the most important punch card in your wallet. Ever heard of Two-Stamp Tuesdays?! Well now you have, so no more excuses. They also did Three-Stamp Tuesday on New Year's Day this year. Perfect for that lovely post party hangover. Like the Dutch Bros close to ASU, if there's a long line, someone comes out to take your order, so all you have to do is pay and grab your coffee at the window. Efficiency at its finest . . . Beat that, Corporate Coffee Central. Also, shout out to the sweet gal who gave me a free Kicker coffee on my birthday! So awesome.  If you're in this part of Tempe, bypass Starbucks and shake up your routine a little.
5	My favorite Dutch bros!!! Whole team is awesome! Especially Adam! Everyone there is always so happy and sincere. No matter what kind of day I'm having I always leave that place with a huge smile and in better spirits then before I came!  Thanks rural/guad team!
4	Fast, friendly, and good!  Those 3 words sum up this location.  The staff is very knowledgeable, they're quick and efficient.  The drinks are good, a little sweet, but good.  There are plenty of promotions going on a regular basis that allow you to get drinks for free or at a discounted price.  This location is very busy in the mornings, which takes a little while to get through the line and get your coffee.
4	Carmelizer or Black/white mocha are favorites.Dutch Brothers has to be one of my favorite places for pickup coffee in the valley. I'm SO happy to see additional locations opening!  They have a great dark roast coffee, but unlike a well known competitor theirs doesn't taste bitter and burned. =)  I seem to order the skinny Carmelizer or the skinny Black/White. My daughter recognizes the locations, and asks for one of their tasty smoothies. We seriously cannot drive by one without her asking.
5	What's better than your favorite coffee hot, iced or frozen? Getting your caffeine fix at Dutch Bros! They have an amazing staff of friendly, outgoing people who chat you up for a minute while singing to the music and working alongside their equally fun coworkers! I love the Cocomo and any flavor mixed with a sugar-free Blue Rebel! I"m not even the biggest coffee drinker, but I've become a loyal part of the Dutch Mafia and proud of it! Go on Tuesday for double stamps and when you get 10 stamps, the 11th drink is free! They always have free whipped cream and flavors, so get creative with your order! They also hand out dog treats when you walk or drive up with your pup! #DutchLove
5	THE. BEST. COFFEE. EVER.  the staff is always super friendly!  they do the best they can to get you through the drive through line as fast as possible. the runner will hop out of the little side window and take orders for the cars further back in line, super helpful.
5	Cannot say enough great things about this location. Staff is amazing, Kelly always remembers my drink and my name, the coffee is awesome, and showing up for a couple minutes everyday is always a great experience. I recommend them to everyone.
5	This place is great! The employees are awesome. Always have a great experience when ever I need my coffee fix. It's also pretty cool that they have dairy free (coconut milk) and sugar free options. My kids love to get a not so hot chocolate milk with whipped cream on the top of the straw. Too cute.
5	GREAT COFFEE AND EVEN BETTER CUSTOMER SERVICE!I love this place!  The staff is friendly, quick and helpful.  Even with a line across the parking lot you get taken care of promptly.  The coffee is the BEST I have ever had and it is reasonable.  I love Dutch Bros.
5	I will drive 10 minutes out of my way to go to Dutch Bros. I love how fast the service is and how nice and friendly all of the employees are. I will refuse to drink any other coffee. I don't usually like the taste of coffee but I'm obsessed with theirs! I love double stamp tuesdays and wish they could bring back $2 happy hours!
4	This is a great place to swing by and grab a coffee to go. They don't have a restaurant per se but there is some seating outside of the little hut where they make the coffee. I am not big on the syrupy sweet coffee drinks but I do like their plain lattes. The staff there is always cheerful and energetic. This morning when I pulled up to the drive thru there was about five cars ahead of me but one of the girls ran up right away and took my order so that by the time I got up to the window it was already ready. That's awesome service! I only wish they had some food offerings to go along with all the beverage choices.
5	Dutch bros is the best! I wish there was one closer to home, but I am always willing to make the 10/15 min drive to this location because not only does their coffee rock! The have the best service! The staff is always so friendly and quick! I have never encountered an unfriendly staff member here and they always make you feel so welcomed and often I actually end up driving away with a huge smile on my face and with a much better attitude and it's not because I'm happy with my coffee :-)
5	Super sweet staff!!   The iced chai latte is killer and their service is A+ all the way.  I can't tell you how refreshing it is to see outstanding customer service every time I come here.  #DutchMafia
1	I come to this location frequently before work and order frozen drinks from the machine. Today, I found mold in my cup. Sludgy mold. I think whomever is supposed to be cleaning the machine and/or it's components is NOT doing their job properly. Not to be a drama queen but I WAS sick for 3 days after this. The kids who work there are  super friendly but if you aren't cleaning properly, that's a reason not to hire highschoolers. :( I will not be ordering anything frozen again.
5	Quite possibly the world's best coffee! As a long-time Starbucks fan, I tried this place one day just out of curiosity, and I became instantly hooked!!!  The staff is always friendly and willing to help! My favorites: the annihilated, double chocolate, and the ER-911 (six shots of espresso in it!!) - and you can add other flavors to it. Don't know what you want? Ask a staff member. They have great taste! ;)
5	Wow, what can I say? I'm definitely a member of the Dutch Mafia because of this location's great service and coffee. Every morning I have stopped here, the staff is upbeat and excited to see you. It's kinda awesome if you ask me. I've tried a few different drinks but my favorite will always be the iced quad (large) Kicker. This drink is sure to wake you up and make you come back to life in those dawn hours before all your co-workers do. If you're new here, remember to ask for the Dutch card. Get 10 drinks and get the 11th free. I'm almost on my way to another free drink. Double stamps on Tuesdays! Oh, and be sure to be charged for a medium size if you order an iced large size. Sometimes they don't always remember so but on their menu, it says an iced large drink is charged at a medium price. Go Dutch!
5	Love, LOVE this place! Everyone here is very friendly. Upon my 1st time here last week every person working greeted and welcomed me. I went back the next 3 days in a row and is now a temptation every time I drive past. They are quick, friendly, positive and convenient. MUCH quicker (and tastier) than Starbucks (:Thanks for making it a fun experience!
5	This location has the best staff, they're friendly and inviting. I come here often and they remember my order which is a huge plus. Dutchbros espresso is awesome, it'll really wake you up, unlike starbucks.Another big plus is when the drive thru line is packed someone will come out and take your order so by the time you get to the window your drink is ready!
5	I love this drive thru on the way to work! Staff is always really nice and drinks are always strong. Always 5 starsThe only thing I would change is their persistence to ask me questions about myself! I will not give them a less star because of what their told to do- but just sometimes it can be overbearing - really sweet staff thou!
1	Obvious preferential treatment to certain guests is a good way to lose customers. Since I moved to Tempe (2 years ago) I've been coming to this Dutch Bros. Until recently, I've always been happy with the service and how I was treated. Recently I feel there has been a decline. Today, while waiting for my coffee, I realized what was taking so long. They where making coffee for the two guys behind me. They made the drinks and sat them at the window. I stood there waiting, awkwardly. Might I mention, before I got to the window, every other customer was talked to and generally hob nobbed with. The girl who was previously working the window was just standing bordley by the fridge doing nothing. It's almost like she was hiding rather than talk to me. So not only did I have to stand at the window while they served men BEHIND me, but it was awkward. I do notice that I never have this problem when my boyfriend is with me. On the contrary... Suddenly they have so much to say! They should really treat their female customers better. At the end of the day women are around half of your customers. Just because you can't flirt with me to get a bigger tip, doesn't mean that stellar service won't loosen my wallet. Still haven't been back, honestly I probably won't.
5	I love them. I fired SBux for their sweet nectar. Iced nf sugar-free Carmelizer is my summer go-to. In the off months their crazy-hot black coffee or nf Dirty Chai are my orders. The staff has some of the best customer service I have experienced across many industries. They have a huge fan in me. I even drive 2 miles out of the way for mg morning love.
5	Discovered these guys while driving through town on my way to vegas. I can't go anywhere else now without saying "it's good, but not as good as Dutch Brothers" . The Dutch freeze items are great and help with the heat. For a good time try the White Zombie!
3	If you use a debit or credit card make sure you pay attention to the total amount they process. Had an employee add a $2 tip without my knowledge to a $3.75 drink. Other than that love the coffee and love the regular staff. I'm hoping this was a one time bad apple. Regardless I'll be using cash from now on.
5	I love this place, it's cheaper than Starbucks and I enjoy the smoothies from there ! I am not a coffee drinker at all, but there smoothies are great!The staff are bubbly, approachable, and actually have a nice conversation with their customers. The place is small, it is a drive thru place or you can get out of your car to order your drinks at the counter.
4	Love this place. Delicious coffee, hot or iced. Friendly staff, even though they are stuck in that tiny box that's not much bigger than the old Fotomats.
5	The best! The staff is incredibly nice and the drinks are as good as can be. I am here on the daily.
5	the staff is incredibly nice, extremely quick service, the quality and prices are superior to Starbucks, I love this place and I keep coming back
5	Woah!  Dutch Bros employees are wayyyy more happy and upbeat than the average Joe.  It almost made my teeth hurt because they were so sweet.  I'm used to getting a few less pumps of flavor in my lattes because they always taste so syrupy and sweet, but not at Dutch Bros.  All the components come together flawlessly.  My caramel latte didn't taste too sweet, nor too milky.  I loved it!
5	Very friendly and prompt service at this Dutch Brothers,  This is probable one of the better ones in Phoenix, it most certainly beats Starbucks hands down!They also seem pretty good at keeping the lines moving here, been here when it's been at least 5 cars deep and didnt had to wait long. So if you see a Dutch Brothers your better off going here then Starbucks!
1	Worst service ever, cashier were talking to her friends blocking drive thru service...
4	I decided to go by another Dutch Bros to try something different & had a really pleasant experience. I ordered the Strawberry smoothie. It was absolutely delicious. I went back one more time and got a Strawberry Mango Smoothie which was equally if not even more delicious. I wish the prices were a little bit lower for the smoothie drinks but I think it's safe to say that I'm hooked!
5	We're else can you get great coffee AND great service?! Starbucks should be taking pointers from you guys. Alway busy but worth the wait! Visiting from Denver CO - bring one closer to us!!
5	I love DB! I am consistently served great tasting coffee with superior customer service!  I have no complaints. I was already in love with DB, and then I saw the special on Undercover Boss, and it confirmed my appreciation for this business. Had I known about this company when I was in high school, I would have worked for them!
2	Today was my first time at Dutch Brothers.  My mom really likes it and I always see a long line out front so I thought I would give it a try.  I pulled up behind a good 10 cars or so and the reviews I read were right, the line moves nice and fast and the employees were exceedingly friendly.Now to my coffee.  I ordered a caramelizer and once it cooled down I took a sip and was shocked at how bad it was.  It took me a while to put my finger on it, but I tasted either like I took a packet of cheap cocoa mix and dumped it in a cup of gas station coffee or like I got one of those cheap flavored lattes from a machine at a convenience store.  Actually, scratch that.  Those are better.  The coffee was barely flavored and had a powdery consistency to it.  I'm completely surprised at how poor the quality was.  This is a popular place.  I'm willing to bet I got a bad cup somehow but I think I'll come back a second time to see for sure.  That was a complete waste of $4.25. I'd give them only one star, but like I said, the line moved nice and fast and the employees were friendly and helpful.
5	My new addiction! Just recently started coming here and I've had the iced carmelizer and 911. both are very good and great customer service. No more over priced Starbucks 4 me!
5	As far as coffee goes in Arizona, your choices are pretty slim.You have your Starbucks, your Dutch Bros, Coffee Beans, Coffee Rushes, and all the little indie ones in between...If you like your coffee fast, with some personality, and at this special location, 24 hours...then Dutch Brothers in the KING of the coffee chains in Arizona. Without any modifications I'd say they are probably the sweetest version of their counterparts, but I usually make everything a little less sweet anyway.Their pricing is competitive with Starbucks and other coffee shops while still feeling like you got a decent deal (or maybe we are all used to overpaying for coffee now a days?). Irregardless, I drive for Uber on the weekends quite a bit when I don't have any major plans and they are the only place I can score a great cup of coffee past 10 PM.The brand itself has a reputation for the baristas having great personalities and having tons of fun while working. This location is no different, in fact, they are all pretty awesome, especially the super late weekend crew.Dutch on, my friends.
