4	This produce stand is a wonderful resource if you're looking to eat healthy on a tight budget.  A quantity of produce that would cost $40-$50 at Giant Eagle or another supermarket will probably only set you back less than $20 here.  Recently I bought: 5 pounds of apples for $2, bags of baby spinach for $1, an entire flat of mangoes for $8, red bell peppers for under $2/pound... it's like prehistoric prices on some of this stuff.  The selection is decent: you can pretty much always find the type of vegetable you're looking for.There are only 2 things that hold Stan's away from a five-star rating.  One is that the market is not really very well-heated in winter, so you will freeze in here if you aren't warmly dressed.  The other is that you have to be very careful in your assessment of what you are about to buy.  That $1 head of cauliflower, or the $1 quart of strawberries, is priced very low for a reason, which is typically because about half of the cauliflowers or baskets of strawberries have gone bad.  At Stan's, if you don't like to do the old-ladyish careful and minute inspection of the produce you're about to buy, you will probably come to regret it.
3	Yay!  I'm a fan of Stan's.  Very cheap, excellent quality, and the selection is pretty good.  If you're looking for any unusual veggies (Thai eggplant, morels, watercress), go elsewhere, but hit Stan's for your staples (apples, button mushrooms, white onions, spinach, etc.)  Not that they don't have the fancy stuff - it's just that they don't stock everything all the time.**update: I downgraded from 4 stars because I've noticed a fairly high percentage of soft veggies and fruit on several trips there.  I couldn't buy any of their onions on my last two visits because they were all 'past due.'  I guess it's something you have to deal with at these prices, but, on the other hand, they just shouldn't put it on their shelves unless they're selling it as compost.
3	A good old-fashioned produce market just like we used to have back home:  rough floor (in this case old macadam), crude wooden tables, and nothing else but pallets and bins of fruits and vegetables.  The prices were quite low; I don't know how they compare to local groceries but it is cheap as hell compared to Chicago prices.One complaint:  Much of the wares were displayed in pre-packaged styrafoam trays covered with plastic.  Not only is this wasteful (I hate extraneous packaging) it removes the freedom of choice from the buyer's hands.  I may only want ONE of an item, not two or three or six, and I'm picky, so I want to find the PERFECT one.  Neither was an option for much of the produce that I saw there this past Sunday.
2	I love going to the Strip and supporting the businesses in the neighborhood but you couldn't give me the produce from this place! Yes, it is cheaper but it's sort of like you get what you pay for here. This summer I really noticed the items they put out on the street had mold right on it and very noticeable. One item in particular was their strawberries. I would think if your whole operation is selling produce you would take more pride in it. I tend to hit the farmer's market or Right By Nature. Yeah it's extra but I'd rather get better, quality food.
3	If you don't already know, this is the Strips best known market place for produce.  After moving to Pittsburgh last October, I quickly learned that this place was essential to any weekend stroll through the Strip.  At this busy, corner marketplace, shelves inside and out are filled with a variety of all types of produce.  Make sure to take a look around outside at their selection as well as inside because sometimes some of the produce is hidden.  And consistently, I have found some of the tastiest produce on the shelves outside.  I like to go here just to see there are any vegetables or fruits I want to try out that week because you cannot beat the price at this place.  Everything is well kept, the produce looks fresh, its already packaged which is great if you are in a rush and want to grab and go.Overall its a great market place to get your produce.  Stan's beats shopping at any supermarket chain because of its price.  You can leave with a week's worth of produce for $10.Oh- the green bell peppers are amazing.  I got some a couple of weeks ago and have not been including them in everything I cook.  Maybe a good batch, or maybe just always great.
2	Stan's has great prices OUTSIDE mostly because they things they have prepacked are spoiled and moldy or will be tomorrow.  Inside is just average quality, equally average priced produce.
3	The Strip disappoints me in the produce department.  This is definitely *the* place to go for produce, but it's really nothing terribly special.  Yes, the prices are great, but the quality is hit-or-miss.  I've gotten some absolutely great deals, but I've also had experiences where the veggies are past their prime, and aren't worth the low cost.  Also, not a big fan of everything being prepacked in Styrofoam flat containers.  And since everything is just sitting out, some of the veggies can seem a little wilted on warm days.  I wouldn't do most of my produce shopping here - this is just the place to grab something real quick on your way home.  I hate to say it - but go to Whole Foods or Market District (or real farmer's markets, in summer) for your major produce needs.  Stop at Stan's on the way home from Penn Mac if you just want a head of lettuce real quick.
3	Stans has a mix of fresh produce as well as "old" produce that I assume they get from local grocers.  If you're willing to dig through a crate of moldy berries to find the good package, then you'll get a good deal.  Some days I have patience, some days I don't.  I find Lotus Foods to have cheaper produce than Stan's, and generally of better quality.  I have gotten some killer deals here before, such as a bushel of apples for $5, or a bag of grapefruits for $1.  It's just hit-or-miss, soyou have to be careful...it's no Giant Eagle.  I always swing through when I'm in the strip, but caveat emptor.
5	Cheap and fresh fruits and vegetables.
2	Cheap, everyone seems to say that.  And it's true.  But I wasn't feeling it here.I for one did not want to dig through the dirty to find the golden product.  I know it's in the strip, but I didn't appreciate the amount of bugs flying around me as I was browsing the produce.  This will probably be a place I just walk by the next time I'm in the strip.  I did not enjoy it here at all.
4	The price and freshness of the produce here is on par with most of the other vendors in the strip district. I'd recommend stopping by here to see which groceries are being discounted; those tend to be a good bargain.
4	As the saying goes..."you get what you pay for". 100% true. Yes, the fruits and vegetables here are dirt cheap, and yes sometimes you end up with a moldy potato. But, moral of the story here is you have to double check before you buy anything. If you end up with a moldy potato then that's your own fault for being so oblivious. Stan's Market taught me to be a smarter and more aware shopper. I'm poor. Stan's Market is cheap. I love Stan's Market.
5	Stan's Market has always been a must visit when I am in the Strip.  What you see is what you get there no frills just great prices and even better fresh produce.  I especially  like buying garlic in bulk. It is not unusual to leave with a bag  full of produce for around $7.00.
4	Cheap! doesn't necessarily mean bad - at least not here at the Stan's Market. However, you will definitely have to check, double check and triple check on some occasions before you buy anything.We stop here twice a month to do our groceries - mostly for less likely perishable produce like the garlic, ginger, peppers, baby cucumbers. However, we usually end up buying a lot more than that since we cook on a daily basis. If you happen to buy some of the soft fruits like the strawberries, blue berries or the grapes - you will most likely need to finish it up with in a day or two. If not, you can always freeze them to make smoothies.Let me say this again, this place is cheap. The prices I pay for the produce here are usually 1/3 of the price I pay at Giant Eagle. So, if you know your produce - this is definitely the place to stop.
