4	I recently attended a funeral for a close friend's family member at this church.  I wish the visit was under better circumstances, but such is life.  The church is very new and I'm not sure if this is the permanent location.....the floors were concrete and the chairs didn't look permanent.  The decor is very nice and the priest and church staff who conducted the services were very professional and helped the family through this tough time.  My friend was very pleased with how everything went....it allowed him and his family to grieve in peace.Would like to come back here for a normal Mass Service someday.  There's plenty of parking and the parking spaces are wide....there's nothing worse than the traffic jam after Sunday service at some of the other churches in town....it's like people forget about what just happened and drive like maniacs in the parking lot.Return Factor - 50%
5	So my parents came out to help celebrate my son's birthday. My son is a teenager now. While they were out here, we found this wonderful church which is closer to my home. The church is on a private lot, gated, and beautiful. The church is huge and gorgeous. When the sunsets, the landscape and scenery  just too beautiful to leave from. I could sit there and watch the sun set. My dad was concerned though because there were no pews. I told my dad that I'm sure they had the chairs out because it gave more room for folks to join and sit instead of having folks standing on the sides like most churches. The environment was diverse, friendly, and great. As you walk in, there is a gift shop to left. Different but unique. The ushers were friendly and helped you find a seat just before mass started. We do need to start practicing once again and go back to church. Soon soon soon.
5	I was diagnosed with Celiac Disease (Intolerance to Gluten) in December of 2010 and the first thought that came to mind was "Oh no, how  can I receive the Holy Eucharist?" St. Francis of Assisi has gluten free hosts! I was so happy to hear that, because lets be honest, during cold and flu season we are hesitant to receive the wine. Talk to the sacristan about 10-15 minutes before mass, tell them you need a gluten free host. The thing is, is that you must receive it from the priest because the Eucharistic ministers don't carry it, and you must sit on the right hand side of the church to ensure you get the priest. Nice parish, nice people, and gluten free hosts, are a win -win in my book. :)
5	Solemnity. Inspiration. My close galpal invited me over for a recollection and mass in honor of her favorite saint - St. Josemaria Escrivo - this morning. It was quite a drive up Henderson, 30 minutes by highway but totally worth it. There I was greeted by friendly parishioners at one of the church's classrooms while they prepared and decorated for the reception. I offered to help cover some of the tables with cloth and set up the vegetable platters. At 9:30am, Fr. Paul began the recollection inside the church. His voice echoed through the vast ceilings and into our hearts. I felt very inspired and everyone around me looked as if they were too. We ended the recollection and gathered back at the conference room for a short talk before tweaking the last nit and grits of decorations. By now it was time for mass. Families flowed in, the 10am choir from St. Joseph Husband of Mary took their place and we were all set to experience an eye-opening service. Perhaps it was the amazing acoustics, or maybe it was the priest's words of wisdom, I couldn't quite put my finger on it but something about today's mass excuded even more positive energy into me and I went about the whole day cheerful and soulful, met some amazing people during the reception and gained some new connections. I loved how everything about the church was meticulously neat, down to the bathrooms. The hallways were spacious and well-lit. Outside, there was a fountain where people could just sit and relax after mass and the parking lot was of accomodating size. There's a confession room and Fr. Paul was such a dear. He had me hooked all through out. If only I already had my own car or didn't live so far away, I would purposely go out of my way to stop by this church and bask in the peaceful atmosphere it gives out.
5	I absolutely love this parish.  I have tried out many other churches in the Valley and am,most comfortable here.  I even plan on serving by lectoring!  Everyone is the nicest and helpful!  Im so happy to become a life long parishioner!!!
5	This is my church. I love attending Mass here because the Host is the center of the Mass and the interior draws our attention to the holy things of God. Many knock the Catholic Church for it's ornate decor, robes, and such. The purpose of these things is not to flaunt but to show and testify to God's holiness and greatness as well as to draw us closer to Him during the Mass.A good friend of mine sings here, which is amazing to watch. Also, the priests are outstanding. They really want to nourish us and impart upon us both spiritual lessons and personal wisdom. I love worshiping here.
2	I was not disappointed with the church itself but by a few of its parishioners. Two people were nice enough to hold the door open for me and my 6 year old son who uses a walker- he has cerebral palsy. But three others rudely stepped OVER him and his walker as he slowly tried to go through the first and second set of doors. Very disheartening.  Very rude!
2	2 stars because of the church and the service.  But whoa, the customer service here in the children's education is suuuuuuuuuper not nice. I thought it was just me, so I waited and approach another person and sure enough it was the staff. You cannot put or ask a word in, and when you start talking they cut you off. They might be psychic I think. But the church itself is gorgeous, and service of the mass is great. What's the rush?  I would volunteer here and give great service to everyone that goes to the parish.  ( for The Lord)  I'm sure some of them are getting paid by the hour, so whats the hurry. :)
5	If you're looking for a Catholic church, come here!!! Very welcoming. They're expanding. Plenty of different ministries for both the young and the old. I come here because I like the traditional old school music- like from the times I was younger and still in private elementary school.  This church has both the old and new traditional styles combined.
5	Congregations are enormous. The Holy Spirit fills our hearts and souls every Sunday every holiday. Love our parish
