1	When we met with Christie for the first time, we were quite impressed with her presentation. We were informed that there may be an intern who would help out with the wedding, but Christie assured us she would also be there every step of the way. The first meeting we were supposed to have with Christie's intern, Stephanie was a no show. We were told that the intern would contact us, we waited a month - it never happened. This was an immediate turn off, but we figured that since Christie was still there to support us, we'd let it slide.All vendors that Christie suggested to us in the meantime were way overpriced for our budget, and we were getting a bit discouraged; we were worried that our moderate budget just wasn't enough and this was my first experience planning or being part of a wedding, so I had no idea what was considered fair as far as pricing goes. This is what I thought we hired a wedding planner for, but we quickly learned that we had to go find our own vendors if we wanted anything close to decent in our price range. What was the point? Maybe day of services would have been a better choice for us.The entire experience and overall sinking feeling we got with the entire planning part of the wedding was that CLM was completely useless unless we had endless amounts of money to spend and go way over budget.Finally, we meet with Stephanie. She seems friendly, we like her. Next thing we hear is that Christie is completely having Stephanie take over the coordination for our entire wedding but she will still be available if we need anything. Not so much, we never heard from or saw Christie ever again, even though we tried calling and emailing her several times. When we asked Stephanie about it, she said Christie would give us a call and that never happened either.Stephanie seemed to be very easy going when it came to the flexibility of our event, with the change of venue (due to a stretched budget) and constant changes to the guest list which were all out of our control. It was pretty chaotic at times but again, this is why we hired CLM. However, on the day of the event, our early arrival family members witnessed the venue director unprofessionally complaining with Stephanie about our wedding in the main dining area before my husband and I arrived for our ceremony and it was very clear that the complaining was not TO but WITH. Now, I realize I was not the one who witnessed this but I also know these multiple family members would never make something like that up. Even though Stephanie completely denied being a part of this conversation, we were not happy with the way she chose to (not) address the issue and Christie (surprise surprise) still has yet to even reply. As usual, I had to personally handle the issue myself with the CEO of the restaurant/venue.Honestly, I think CLM may have once been a very nice wedding planning and coordination service and I don't know what happened in 2011 but this company has gone way downhill if what other reviewers claim is true. This was an awful experience and I would love nothing more than for Christie to take ownership of our bad experience but I have given up, based on her level of professionalism.
5	Amazing company! They truly make the dreams of a fairytale wedding come true. It's amazing to see everything you have wanted since you were a little girl unfold into reality in front of your eyes! Thank you clm weddings!
