5	I have been to Lori and with the very sensitive skin that I have I was so amazed that I had not redness or bumps after my bikini wax and partial fax wax.  I so recommend going to this shop and Lori.  The best!
5	Lori does an excellent job with Brazilian waxes.  She's quick and tries to make it as painless as possible.  Her facials are very relaxing. Try the diamond microdermabrasion.  It does wonders!!!  After try one of her relaxing facials.  They make your skin tingle. Lori is very professional and always willing to fit me in.  I definitely recommend her.
5	I was in to see Lori for a 1/2 leg, full Brazilian and facial yesterday. First of all Lori is so sweet, and reassuring. The room when you walk in feels warm and comforting. It was my first Brazilian, and I was very nervous. I've heard many stories!! I must say  I didn't have much discomfort at all!! Very happy with it. The facial was fantastic!! I almost fell asleep :) My dermabrasion was not painful during or after. And I woke up today with tiny little pores!! Yeah!!!! I also am using her at home face regiment she hand put together for me. My skin looks amazing already!! So excited to see results after some consistent treatment. I will review again in a few weeks!! Lori is amazing!!!
5	As a beauty professional, personal image and wellness is everything. This is the first facial I have had since moving to Las Vegas, and Lori may be my last esthetician I will EVER have. This facial was amazing and she doesnt take any shortcuts. Lori uses the wonderful PCA skin line and has the best UV and steam equipment. Having normal skin, its very easy to over or under treat my skin. She know what shes doing and the best part is that you can feel her passion for skin through her services.
5	I've been coming to Lori for over a year now and will never go anywhere else. I always get a full face wax and Lori is a perfectionist so i always leave extremely happy. I am one of those annoying clients who never give notice or make appointments but Lori ALWAYS fits me in! I have also had brazilians done and she is professional and gentle if thats possible lol. Prices are always less than competitors. Try nu Bella and it will be the last place you go for your skin care !!!
5	Lori was amazing and very friendly.  Made me feel comfortable even with my first brazillian.  Very gentle and took her time!  I even went back for a facial and was the best facial I've ever had!
5	I just got my back facial here today and it was amazing! My back feels so smooth! Lori is such an amazing eastician, she really takes the time to make u happy, I hope no annoying, rude customers takes advantage of her. My voucher was expired but she still gave me the whole promo which I'm so grateful for. I'm usually weary of booking this kind of voucher but I read the amazing reviews first and thought why not. I'll definitely be back for a pumpkin peel B-) and I can't wait to tell my friends and family about this salon. Thanks lory! I'm a very satisfied customer :-D
5	Lori is AMAZING!  She has given me great advice on my skin and I can totally see a difference!  Just did my first chemical peel and she told me everything to expect also said to make sure I don't react to severely my first time doing it she didn't do max  strength, which I appreciate!  Her prices are set so you can afford to keep coming back!  Another bonus...she's in a private room so you don't have to deal w/any annoying receptionist or other ppl.  It's just Lori and you!  I can't wait to try her new teeth whitening and I recommend her 'everything wax'!  :o)  Love this lady!
5	I love Lori. She has a very sweet and calm demeanor. She's been working on my problem skin for a while now. Feels so good and relaxing. I'm just so glad I found someone that can get to the root of my skin issues. She can be quiet or personal, and I rather prefer personal. She's a fun person to talk to. I give her 10 Stars!
5	Lori is amazing.  She is quick, professional, accurate and funny.  I can't wait to come back to her!
5	I can't stop smiling about how meeting this woman changed my day! She is a GODSEND!Come on ladies, it's been cold so we're keeping our fur coats on *if you catch my drift*. My first ever Brazilian and definitely not my last.  So it's not every day you meet a complete stranger, and strip down naked for a wax, but let me tell you... the vibe you get from this place and Lori is just so vibrant!!!! She was very gentle. I know it's hard to agree when there is hot wax being torn off with a small piece of fabric, but this lady is so professional. She gave me great advice on waxing and how simple and easy it gets over time. I found her through a GROUPON but I have to admit, her groupons are cool but talk to her and hear all her HOLIDAY SPECIALS. THEY WILL BLOW YOUR MIND. she does teeth whitening, facials and all over waxing. Ladies look no further, I know it's a touchy and embarrassing subject, but here I have never been so comfortable.I even told my mom and sisters about it because she was that great!!The reviews don't lie, SHE'S AMAZING!!You will all thank me later.BUT THANK LORI FIRST!!!!=]
5	This was my first time getting a wax other than my eyebrows so I was definitely nervous. Lori definitely took the time to explain everything and she ensured I was comfortable before beginning anything. She was quick but thorough (I was there maybe less than 20 min) and she informed me when it would be a little more painful in some areas (since it was my first time). She genuinely cares about your preferences amd listens to you when you ask her a question. I will definitely be coming back to her in the future!!
5	I first bought a living social for a facial and loved it so much I bought a package.  Lori is excellent at what she does and she's a nice person.  I usually do the pumpkin peel/microderm combo and I love it. Lori really does cater to every client and I am happy to have found her!
5	Loved my experience with YELP and Nu Bella.  Lori is great. My first time there and certainly not my last.  Her prices are great and bedside manor makes you comfortable.
2	She has great reviews, but i had a terrible experience. Could it be because i asked for the New Customer discount? I got a Brazilian for $25 and she gave me more of a bikini. when i brought this up after i got home, she said she couldn't remember what she did for me. Im giving 2 stars because it looked clean and she wasn't ridiculously rude or anything. but definitely won't be going back.
5	Purchased a Brazilian wax package #5, very affordable . So grateful to have found Lori and yes she is a Godsend! She is gentle and quick. She makes u feel comfortable . I didn't know she does facials but I did try and bought a package-#3, and for the price of at least the facial that I'm used to getting. So I thought I'd try her facials since she gives excellent Brazilian wax. My first one was the pumpkin peel/microderm combo and I'm now hooked. Was done with my 2nd facial today and I already scheduled my next appt. in August. She is one busy lady! I wonder why? Huge clientele but she is always very pleasant and accommodating. As you can tell, I am a very satisfied customer. I will give her service a "10".
5	I just wanted to update my review with Lori. I've been going to her for over two years now. She is consistently one of the best aestheticians I have tried, and I've been to many! Her prices are unbeatable. Seriously no one has prices like her. She can do a Brazilian wax in about fifteen minutes, but you never feel like she's rushing through the process. Quality! That's what you get with Lori. She genuinely cares about her customers. Her facials are very relaxing and she knows her stuff. She will work with you to figure out what is best for you.Go see her! Your bikini line will thank you!
1	Would give zero stars if I could. Getting in contact with the business is not possible. I tried contacting four different times over three weeks ago and never heard back. Pissed because I bought the groupon for this place and now its too late to use it. I contacted groupon and told them about my problem even contacting the business. Very regretful in my purchase.
5	Visited Lori for the first time today thanks to both a Groupon she had running and the great reviews here on Yelp. It's all true--she was totally fabulous. Efficient, friendly, tolerated my wincing with a smile. She has great prices for return clients, and I'll definitely be going back. I'm SO glad to have found her!
5	I love Lori!  Due to her very positive reviews and a recommendation I decided to purchase a groupon she had going and give her a try for a Brazilian wax. She owns her ow. Business in sola salon so nice to just deal with her directly and no one else. She is quick, friendly, clean, and efficient. I am glad to have found her and the bogus is she is so close to my house.
1	Bought a Groupon for here. I get waxed every 6 weeks and I tried to get ahold of this person 2 separate times prior to a wax. I'd sTart calling about 2 weeks prior to when I wanted my wax. They never responded to my calls and messages so the waxes never happened. Unfortunately the groupon has now expired. Instead I now go to The Birthday Suit. $35, it's fast and great!
5	LORI, is the absolute best! She is kind , sweet, and amazing!  Never ever will I trust my brows to anyone else...not even myself! In my opinion she under charges!!!
5	Lori is great!! I found her on groupon about 2 years ago and wouldn't  go anywhere else. She just makes you feel Very comfortable. She's just awesome!
