5	With as many resorts and spas there are in the Valley, Aura Salon has a lot to compete with. For me to continue to go there time and time again, when there are hundreds of other options in a 10 mile radius, you should know how how simply outstanding this place is.  I go there for all of my beauty needs. Hair styling, hair dye jobs, waxing, and massages. *Side note, ask for Mindy when you get a massage. She is by far the best masseuse I have ever been to. When I first moved to Scottsdale and I was trying out different salons, someone had recommended this school for stylists. "You get a high quality hair cut for practically nothing." I know, why in the world would you trust  a student to give you a good haircut? Let's face it, when it comes to hair, you get what you pay for.  After walking out of there with my newly styled Sean Hunter hair (Boy Meets World anyone?) and practically bawling, I dashed over to Aura, and frantically cried, "I GOT A BAD HAIRCUT!!!" They hooked me up with one of their best, and she fixed it, or at least made it look better and charged me next to nothing for it. Since then I have been a loyal customer and will continue to go to them as long as I am here in AZ.  The staff is courteous, their prices are reasonable and it's overall a great experience from the minute you walk in until you leave.
5	UPDATE:Very sad that Rene moved away.  She was such a talented stylist...but as I have learned-the salon is full of talent.  I now go to Bari who is excellent and my sister goes to Haruka (sp?) and she is very happy with her as well.  I have also taken my nephew to see Kim and she was great.  I have been going to Aura for 2 years now.  They treat you like royalty from the time you walk in the door.  My stylist is Rene and she is fabulous! They all are and the owner makes sure everyone does a fantastic job...and more importantly makes sure the stylists do right from the start.  Rene takes her time and is a perfectionist.  I bring my son in sometimes (he is under 1) and they are always accomodating of him and dont snear at that.  (Anyone with small kids will appreciate that for sure) I have had waxing my Mindy and she is very professional.  She takes her time to ensure you are happy.  Overall it is a great place.  They have so many services and the prices are not bad either-for Scottsdale.
4	Today was my first time getting my hair cut here. I was a little shocked when I went to pay ($70), but that was my fault for not asking when I called. I was in need of a haircut as my 3pm appointment today fell though and I am not going back (see my horrible review for Tony & Guy). I was able to call and get in with-in two hours. I don't expect this all the time, I just got lucky due to the Memorial Holiday. Rene was great. I wanted to change my style, she walked me though the grow out process and what we would do. It was great. $70 was more than I wanted to pay, but the service compared to the last place I went made it worth it. I will mostly likely be going back to her regardless of the cost. I would have given it 5 stars, but the price was a little steep. Yeah, I know, its Scottsdale, but still...
4	Perfect haircuts and great service.  Have not done a massage yet, but really want to soon.  $45 for men's cut is not that pricey to me either.  They have a rewards program that lets you earn free services.  Also, on Wednesdays, you get a $5 starbucks card with your haircut.
4	I own the European Wax Center next to Aura Spa and have been getting my haircut there since January.  The Spa is very clean and the staff is extremely friendly.  I see Shay and she is amazing!  She is the sweetest girl and does an exceptional job.  From the shampoo to the cut, to the final styling she is aces all the way!I highly recommend Shay to anyone that is looking for a top notch hair cut and great conversation along the way.doug p.
1	I went here once when my long time stylist moved further and further away and cut her hours to one day per week.  It was nearby, they had stylists that use my color line (Goldwell), and the place looked nice enough.  Unfortunately, after a 3 hour apppointment (I had booked and only planned for an hour and a half), I walked away with the worst color job and cut I've had in a long time. Even though I gave the stylist my formula.. and he said he thought my color looked perfect... he tried to upsell me on a more complicated (and surprise, much more expensive) process and service.  Learning experience for me, I guess.  I'll happily drive 45 minutes on a Saturday for "my girl" Angie (who is now at Unity Salon near Scottsdale and Shea).
5	I've been getting my hair cut at Aura since I moved to AZ 3 years ago. I found Shay and haven't looked elsewhere! She, along with the Aura staff are fantastic.I also get my eyebrows waxed there religiously with either Mindy or Ashleigh.The salon doesn't look like much from the outside, compared with the hoity-toity joints you can find in North Scottsdale, but don't be fooled, this place is amazing!
5	It's been a month since my haircut and it still looks awesome! Jenni did a great job!
5	AMAZING. Really. I just saw Shay for a cut and she was absolutely fantastic. You must see her! My boyfriend also goes to Aura and sees Kelly and always loves his hair. But back to Shay. So, I met her and sat down she spent a good 15 minutes on my consultation. It was great and made me feel instantly comfortable and assured I was in good hands. I brought in a few pictures and we talked about what I saw and wanted and she gave me her opinion on if I wanted to tweak the picture a bit. Then Ally washed my hair and applied a conditioning treatment ($15 but SO worth it. My hair feels amazing). She gave me most relaxing scalp and neck massage. She was polite and made conversation but not fake. I ended up just wanting to sit and relax and not chat much and she totally picked up on that. Some places feel forced to make conversation and it ends up not being that relaxing. I really wanted to tip her but I didn't have any cash on me. The shampoo/conditioner treatment was THAT good. She also didn't ruin my make-up at all. Shay then cut my hair with precision and styled it perfectly. It is EXACTLY what I wanted. I mean 150%. It looks better than I expected. And I have never had that feeling leaving a salon after getting my hair done for 12+ years. Usually the cut is pretty close or the styling is off and I have to go home and flat iron my hair again because the stylist left pieces frizzy. I don't think I am that particular but I think some stylists try to rush after the cut to get to their next client or just to be done.  Nope. Shay did a perfect job. I felt like I could walk out and leave for a night out. She also did a dry cut on my hair (after styling) so she could make my hair even more perfect. She told me she dry cuts so that it looks exactly the way it should when styled the way I normally do. Makes sense, but no other stylists I've been to did that. (And I'm not talking a trim after a flat-ironing my hair, I mean she spent another 20 minutes going through it). She also does color and throughout the cut we talked about my color options and what I was unhappy with. I told her about a horrible experience I had with another salon in the area (who shall remain nameless but they only have one review this year and it's NOT good *hint hint*) She explained to me what probably went wrong at the other salon and what needs to be done in the future. She was understanding and empathetic about my experience and NOT FAKE. She also didn't talk about "next time we can fix the color..." it was nice because she wasn't being fake or pushy just to try to get me for more money. She was just giving me her opinion and I could do with it what I wanted. Much appreciated.Even after the cut we spent another 5-10 minutes talking about the color (I kept bringing it up, they are SO not pushy on products and services) and she brought out swatches to show me. I have never done this before but I made my next appointment right then. PROS: - great location. there is a Chipotle, Aj's, Starbucks, nail salon, and Chinese restaurant all in the complex. So it has everything you need. It's also easy to get in and out of the parking lot (although if you make your appointment between 11am and 2pm it may be packed due to the lunch rush).  - great salon. it is small but you only notice it when you walk-in. i've been to other salons that are much bigger but once you're in the chair you have just as much space as other places. - NOT PUSHY. you can buy if you want, no one pushes products or services. they stock Kerastase and Bumble and Bumble. - Friendly. Everyone there was super nice and genuine. - Pricing is fair and reasonable. I spent over $400 for a cut/color and at the salon that shall remain nameless and usually spent about $250+ at places like Rolfs and Mane AttractionsCONS: - none!!Recommendations:See Shay. I think her cuts are a bit pricer (she's one of the top stylists) and it was like $70 for the cut. (I was referred to the salon by my bf so I saved $20). if someone else refers you you both get $20 off. If her prices are a bit too much see Kelly. I think she charges around $50 (that's what my boyfriend pays, not sure if men's haircuts are different but his hair always looks great). But you can always call and get pricing. They told me the price for my next appointment upfront ($150 for an allover color and cut).Final Notes:I've been to Dolce Salon & Spa (Yuck) , Rolfs (Meh) , Mane Attractions (Good), and Fate Image since I've moved to Arizona seven years ago and this was BY FAR the best experience I have ever had. Honestly, I had GIVEN UP on finding a good place. Rolfs is super expensive and super snobby. It's not even that relaxing. Mane Attractions was fine but I haven't been there in about 5 years and the Biltmore area is a pain to drive to. It was down to Aura or Jo Paris but I didn't want to drive to Old Town since I live 2 minutes for Aura. GO TO AURA.
1	Horrible experience. When I pay almost 200.00 for a cut and color I expect the stylist be to highly experienced. The stylist that did my hair told me she had only been out of school several months and it showed. I have short hair and it took her 2 hours to wrap my hair . She forgot to wash the conditioner out of my hair and had to rewash it halfway through the cut.The highlights were ok but the cut was absolulely terrible. I will never go there again.
2	I have tried Aura twice- once for an updo for a party and once for a haircut. the first time around I was received 30 minutes late and didnt receive any heads up prior to coming in nor was anyone apologetic . The final updo wasnt worth the money i paid for it and frankly could have been a lot better. The second time around, the person I got was nice and friendly but again i didnt feel i got value for the money i spent , the haircut was not a disaster but wasnt the best either . They do stock B&B and Deva products .
5	I've had my hair cut by Scott 4 times now and he does a great job, I've never had anyone ask me where I've gotten my haircut before, but now they do. He recommended a scissor over comb( or comb over scissor?)Cut, no quickie buzz cut. I've recommend some female coworkers and they drive all the way from chandler for him to do their hair. I've never had anyone give me suggestions about how I should wear my hair or ways to minimize that growing BALD spot but he does. Every time I walk out of there I feel better about the way i look and my shirt isn't soaked, he does this head massage when they wash your hair that is just great, and I cant tell you how long it's been since the owner of a business has come over and introduced themselves and asked if I wanted a drink or coffee from Starbucks. I look forward to getting my haircut now!
4	Had a few haircuts here.  The salon is kind of small with the registration desk/cashier tucked on the right side of the salon from the entrance.  It's kind of weird because the people waiting for their appointment can watch you if you're stylist is in the 1st row of stations on the left.  I got a decent cut there but my stylist had one of those stations and I don't like having a bunch of strangers watching me get a haircut.Also, the small shopping center where it's located can be tight for parking.  Especially on the weekends.Return Factor - 50%
5	I usually see Shay for a haircut and color every 6-8 weeks. This month she was booked solid for some vacay time and I asked the receptionist -- Courtney -- who she recommended. She set me up with Berri. It was nerve-wracking to go someone other than my usual stylist but she did a fantastic job. The cut was exactly what I asked for and she styled it perfectly. I have no problem seeing her for my hair if Shay is unavailable. Plus, she was super fast. Cut and style in about 45 minutes. Go to Aura. This is the third stylist I've seen (Shay for my regular style, Bellan for night out makeup and hair, and now Berri) and they are all fantastic. I can't imagine going anywhere else. Thank you to the fabulous staff and stylist team at Aura.
4	Aura has always been a good solid place. I've never gotten my hair done there, but go for waxing/facials/etc whenever I'm home. A solid brazilian for $47, that was as painless as these go, quick, and with a super nice esthetician? Sign me up.
2	This was my second time at Aura Salon, both times for a highlight. I've been getting my haircut by Toni&Guy almost since I moved to Phoenix 10 years ago and I still think they're the sharpest, most contemporary cuts in the Valley. But I was referred to Aura so I thought I'd try a Color. My Stylist: Nice. My Outcome: Mini-Disaster. But we discussed how to improve the next time so I thought, "Well, the pricing is fair, so okay." Today I had better results. And by "better" I mean nice, but I still have to spend ANOTHER day to go back and get it fixed! (sigh) But here's the rub: I almost had an aneurism checking out when they gave me a total of $93.00!  #1 Because this was (surprise?) FIFTY dollars more than I paid the 1st time.  #2 Done by a Level ONE Stylist. (Really? Level 1 is $100 bucks?) and #3 Because in asking "huh?" I found out that not only was I  'discounted' the first time I was in, but the new, steep "base" price of $73 apparently doesn't even include mixing TWO colors into the highlight! Oh no, that's "extra!" I've never even had a highlight without two colors sitting on the tray. That's what gives a good color depth and layers. In summary, it was a huge shock on the price structure, not to mention just rid-i-CULOUSLY high for a Level One Stylist, short-hair (PARTIAL!) highlight!!!  And I know my pricing. If you're going to pay essentially $110.00 (with standard gratuity), you're going to pay for high-level knowledge and skill, high-level speed and efficiency, and a high-level, beautiful outcome. I got: a nice person still trying to figure it out and not getting it right, inordinate amount of time for single-process, short hair, and an outcome that both times - wasn't as planned or hoped for. Again, that's (sometimes) fine for Level One, but you CANNOT charge the BIG BUCKS. It's just wrong. Even if I was willing to be patient in getting 'the look' right, I certainly wouldn't do it paying those prices. No way, not again.
4	I went here for the pop up boutique not for any of the services but based on how packed it was I may have to go back for the services. The staff was really super nice and very helpful and attentive to me and the 8 other people standing in line, yes 8.  This place is a local fave it seems.The boutique had some pretty great things at rock bottom prices, so I snatched them up especially compared to their higher ordinary prices.
5	I'm the kind of person who gets their haircut randomly every 4 months when it gets so long I can't stand it...and then, I pay the price with a bad haircut made last minute with the closest salon.  That being said, today was THAT day where I picked "the" salon, made an appointment and risked it all.  From start to finish, this was prolly the best salon I've ever been to.  Reservation team was professional and helpful and fast (thank you!).  I was placed with Bellan and she was wonderful.  I'm not even lying when I say it was the best haircut I've ever had.  She listened to me, did an amazing job and my hair is ahh-mazing.  Since I work and live nearby, this place (and Bellan) will be my go-to from now on.  They're on the more expensive side (ie: Sachi/Dolce) but worth every penny.  Love!
5	Quality people and great customer service. Great place to get a cut, massage, trim, facial, etc. One of the nicest salons I've been too or seen. Hardly any turnover there and all the girls are great!
1	Had the worst experience recently. I took my daughter in to get her a blue streak in her hair. They assured me over the phone that Shawn was an expert and will be able to do it. The first session was 3 hours long at the end of which with a shrug of the shoulder and a baffled expression they said we should go home, shampoo it out and see what happens. I already could see that the hair was yellow. No apology at all! This excruciating experience cost us 68 dollars (yes- for one  bluestreak that we did not get). Then I called and asked for a consultation with the owner (Kristie) to discuss what else they could do to rectify this. She assured me that she will help the hair colorist and guide her step by step through this. So we came back for the 3rd time to try again. The hair was still yellow. So as suggested by Kristie, we decided to get blue hair extensions. They didn't have enough but by now my 14 year old looked so dejected I asked Shawn to go ahead and bond what she had in. One day later my daughter steps out of the shower with a piece of blue hair in her hand. They kept the 68 dollars after wasting 9 hours of our time. The hairstylist was incompetent and unapologetic The only compensation was they offered the hair extension for free - they kept my 68 dollars. The hair extension came off!I know they hire their staff from Penrose but if they are charging so much for novices who can't even bond a hair extension in- this place is unprofessional and a complete rip-offThe one star I am reluctantly giving this place is because Kristie was polite. Shawn should consider studying further before claiming to be a professional at any level. 68 dollars and 9 hours of precious time gone...no blue streak or extension or a decent apology!!! I am calling good old tried and tested Steven Paul. I live close to Aura but I will definitely make sure none of my friends and neighbors go there.
5	I have been going to Aura Salon & Day Spa for many years.  After a couple of years with my first stylist at Aura, she moved out of state, and I went searching through out Scottsdale/Phoenix for a replacement. Unfortunately, I had some less than stellar outcomes, and was largely unsatisfied until I returned to Aura.When I headed back to Aura Salon & Day Spa I met Ali, who has been my stylist ever since!  Not only does Ali have talent and skill when it comes to cut and color - she also listens to what I actually want, and doesn't just start chopping away!After many months of perfect highlights, Ali successfully transformed me from nearly blonde to a rich, warm brunette.  I always receive a lot of compliments on my color, and while I probably don't let Ali's talents shine when it comes to cutting my hair - she does exactly what I want!  What more could I ask for?Ali and the team at Aura are consistent, fun and talented!
5	Audrey is my girl!! She cuts me some great hair and paints it even prettier. I am so picky with high expectations for my locks and I'm never let down at this salon. I like to play around and try different colors/styles and I love that Audrey can keep up with that and always makes me look great. I live down in Tempe and I drive all the way up North because she is so worth it. You will not be disappointed here!!!
4	My husband and I recently moved to the area and received a welcome letter from Aura Salon and Spa indicating 50% off any service. I desperately needed a haircut, so I decided to give them a try. I called around 4:55pm on a Wednesday and asked what they had available. There were different stylists available at various times until close. I wanted to get my haircut immediately and Amy was available at 5:30pm, so my decision was made. Aura Salon is located in the AJ's shopping plaza, next to a dentist office and the Starbucks. I've walked by a few times, but hadn't been inside. Upon entering, I was greeted by the front desk receptionist. They offered me something to drink and had me fill out some forms. When I was done, Amy introduced herself and took me back to her work station. I described how I'm trying to grow my hair out, but it's been difficult since I'm used to having short hair. Plus, I had so many dead ends and just needed something fresh. Amy was helpful and friendly - saying we had multiple choices. Since I was on the fence about growing it out or chopping it all off, Amy took off a few inches (all the dead stuff) and said if I wanted to go shorter in the next week, to come back and she'd fix it for me - for free. (Luckily, I liked the cut and didn't go any shorter!)Overall, it was a good experience. The salon is conveniently located with convenient hours. Everyone I interacted with was polite and friendly. Amy was a great hairstylist - she listened to what I wanted and was able to deliver. After the cut, she did recommend some shampoo/conditioner to keep my hair healthy and to get it cut every 6 weeks. Overall, it was a good experience.
5	I got a Deva cut (for curly hair) from Bari Goldin and it was honestly the best cut I have ever had in my life. She took her time with my hair and cut my curls individually. She is honestly amazing!! Highly recommend her for curly hair! Tell them that Leigh sent you (for Bari) and you get 20$ off your cut!
4	I've been going to Aura for cut and color for a couple of years now. The staff is always polite and helpful and I get the best hair styling from Desiree. She really has a way with color and she's given me the best haircuts I've ever had. I know my hair is always safe in her hands and I now I won't go anywhere else! I also really like their rewards program, where you can get discounts for referrals, free services on your birthday, and you can earn points that go toward services.
5	My favorite day spa in Scottsdale!  The facials are my favorite spa treatment here.  Gillian looks at my skin and customizes my treatment based on what my skin needs.  The staff is friendly and its easy to  book appts.  Each estatician I have been to at Aura has been amazing!  You will not be disappointed!  My daughter also has her hair cut here and its always a good cut and just what we ask for.
2	Usually go every 8 weeks to get a haircut with Desiree for the past 2 years. She's great with haircuts, but its a hit and miss with color. I just went last week to get highlights. First try I ended up with super blonde hair, I called and she asked me to come back for a toner. Second try I ended up with orange/red hair. I was very disappointed. I just cant afford to risk my hair again at this place. Its sad.
5	After moving to Phoenix from Tucson, I struggled to find a salon as great as Gadabout was (all my T-Locs know what's up). Two years later, I finally got up the nerve to try Aura, mostly so that I didn't have to keep making the trek down to the Old Pueblo just for a haircut. Ummm can you say best decision ever? Jenni is a rock superstar. I have incredibly curly hair (Shirley Temple had nothing on me), so I'm always nervous about what the end result will be after a haircut.  Jenni is trained in DevaCurl and knows my hair better than I do. My curls are always shiny, full of body, and most importantly NOT Frizz Central, USA. She always makes sure that I am happy with what my hair looks like and with my experience in general.I have never had a bad experience here at Aura. Love it!
