1	This is the nastiest apartment complex known to man! Some apartments have ten residents living in a 2 bedroom 2 bath apartment. There has been mold growing and the maintenance takes days, if not weeks, to repair things such as water heaters. During the summer you will notice that uninvited guests move in, the cockroaches (no, not your in laws- actual cock roaches). Neighbors are known to dumpster dive in the unsecured dumpster areas, so hide and shred all confidential information! There have been shootings on the property. Save you money and don't ever ever move in here! They should rename this place Villiage Idiot apartments, if you walk around this place you'll know why.
2	I lived here in 2002/2003.  What I liked?  Location.  Lovely location -- easy access to all of NW vegas.  What I disliked?  Roaches everywhere inside the apartment -- so much so that me and my partner got used to them.  My cat loved playing with them, so I guess that was an upside.  At night, prostitutes frequented the property -- especially the mail room.  The tenants seem to have endless kids living in two bedroom units.  When we travel back to vegas, we often check in with Sundance Village.  Over the years since we've lived there -- they have painted and updated the exteriors.  So that is nice.  But unless they have rid the place of endless roaches...and not-so-hot prostitutes -- i wouldn't suggest living here.  But then again, it is a decent part of town -- and we were never vandalized while living here....so go for it...and you can find out yourself.
1	I'm shopping for an aparmtent and just happen to wander in here the other day. The exterior from the street doesn't look that bad but when I went in there was garbage all over the parking lot. Went into the office and waited almost an hour to talk to a leasing agent. Took a tour evetually and still garbage everywhere! The apartment I was shown had stained dirty nasty crapet, and the walls looked like they really need to be painted!This place looks like its over run with big familys in small apartments. It is low income houseing so I shouldn't really expect much but come on! Pick up your garbage people!!
1	I've never lived at Sundance, but my job takes me into this complex nearly daily and all I can say is, avoid living here. I'll keep it brief because I would simply be echoing the other two reviews. I would gladly sleep in the bed of my truck before I ever slept a night in this complex.
1	I use to live here...The water is somehow connected to the toilet or something... Smells like doo doo... Cockroaches infested the neighborhood... Also Be aware, they'll find all reasons to rob your security deposit..
1	If you enjoy thin walls and crack-head neighbors along with laundry facilities you can't use and are double charged for, this is the place for you! Moving into a dirty falling apart unit and never having close parking spot in a scary parking lot is another benefit! One time the cops came because some guy was waving a gun around! Helicopters and bull horns in the middle of the night! The excitement doesn't end here. Tire slashings on the regular. I got bit by a dog and sick from weed smells everywhere.  An oasis of crazy it's location location location!
