4	Teriyaki chicken with soba noodles! That's what I get every time... It's pretty darned good for a fast food Japanese place in a mall! The food is cooked up on a big grill in front of you (with a bit of performance usually thrown in by the cooks ~ "yummy, yummy chickeeen!"), so depending on the rotation of the chicken, you may have to wait 10 minutes or so for the chicken (or steak, I guess) to cook up. That's fine, as it's worth the wait for fresh food. The teriyaki chicken comes with some traditional veggies ~ bok choy, I think ~ and a very light sauce. However, they do use some vegetable oil, so don't expect this to be the lightest meal you've ever eaten. Surprisingly, I found some threads on the web of people dying to reproduce the recipe, so I guess I'm not the only one who enjoys Sarku every so often!Oh, by the way, lots of folks get double meat, but with the soba, I might go into a comatose state if I tried that one, so I just get the regular meat portion. It is PLENTY.P.S. I've heard you can do double veggie instead of the rice normally served with the teriyaki. I might try that, but it's hard to say "No" to soba noodles. : (
4	The employees here are always so polite. Maybe they're just playing the part but they're always really overtalkative silly old japanese men. As a retarded American, I fall for this every time and am overwhelmed by an adorable experience.Plus they have Mr Pibb, so I'm a happy camper whenever I pass by.
4	Food is cooked fresh upon order. Staff is extremely friendly, and the Teriyaki chicken is some of the best I've had in Phoenix. I would steer clear of the chow mein as it tastes more like flavorless lo mein, but the fried rice and veggies are always good. Mahi Rolls are also delish!
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat in a mall. I'm from the East Coast and have been in AZ now two years. I was looking for this place here in AZ and found it at the Fiesta Mall in Mesa AZ. The food is really good, fresh vegetables and sauces. You can choose from Brown Rice or White Rice. All cooked on an open grill. Very fast to prepare and light not heavy food. Lastly the price is right under 8 bucks!
3	While at Fiesta Mall with my son who was getting his hair cut we decided to eat. We wondered around the food court and was approached by an employee of Sarku Japan offering free samples of their teriaki chicken. After trying it my son just had to order from there.  The staff was friendly and the price was reasonable.  He ordered the teriaki chicken & shrimp. The amount of food that he got was way more than expected and he was happy it tasted like what it was suppose to. A definate place we'll visit in again and highly recommend!!
4	This place seems to be in malls all over the place--little wonder, the food is great!I got the teriyaki chicken with rice and extra meat.  Cooked right in front of me and piled onto a styrofoam clamshell, it was just the right thing--filling me up nice for the evening.Sarku is one of the better mall chains.  Get a burger next time--go here now.
