5	It has been quite a while since we've had Palone's Pizza and we had forgotten just how good it is.  The restaurant is tucked away in the middle of the Fountains Shopping Center at the intersection of Ardrey Kell Rd and Tom Short Rd.   They use only freshly made dough and  freshly made tomato sauce...it tastes like  the recipe came from someone's Italian Nonna. This is pizza like the traditional pizzas you get in Italy -- where the emphasis is on quality - using only simple but very fresh ingredients. The place is set up as a "fast casual" restaurant... you walk up to the counter to place your order and pay.  They have a beverage station where you get your own drink.  Once your pizza is ready, they bring it out to your table.  On Saturday night, we were the only patrons eating in.... However, they had a steady stream of people coming in to pick up take-out pizza. In any case, we really enjoyed our pizza and will definitley be going back again soon!
1	I haven't tried any of their entrees but keep trying the pizza and it keeps disappointing with a cardboardy crust, sugary sauce and not much cheese, especially for the price. I think I'll drive the distance for Lorrenzo's, so worth it!Was hoping that the new owners may change things but hopefully they are still just getting underway!
3	Not one of the worst pizzas I have had, but close!!!
5	I recently moved from New York to Charlotte.. I haven't found better pizza then Palones. The employees are very friendly and they are quick to clean up after a previous customer that was sitting down eating. I think this place is the closest to New York pizza without going to NY. This place has great potential and their website includes coupons. I'm glad to find a amazing pizza place in the area for my family.
4	This place has Potential!My first dine here I had a good sandwich and said I would come back for Pizza!  So I checked out the Pizza and I'm a fan (kinda).  I liked the Sauce being sweet and I liked that the sauce was not thin, there is quite a bit on there!  The Cheese has good flavor and I liked that they do not put as much on as most places.  I liked the thickness of the crust though it lacks flavor, was too plain and a little too dry!This Pizza has good flavor though I drive a lot further to get the Pizza I love most!  If it were not for the competition I would chose this place every time, there are just a few that I enjoy better!The Desserts: Rainbow Cookies and Shell Dipped in Chocolate Cannoli were three Yelp stars A-OK, meaning I wouldn't recommend them.
4	I had a supreme pizza to-go.  It was excellent.  It was ready when they said it would be and the service was friendly and efficient.  This is just about as good as it gets for pizza in Southern Charlotte.
3	I have had 2 experiences with Palones, both odd.The first with BB! Chicken Pizza, not much on the pizza but cheese, chicken and BBq sauce.  Despite this, it was pretty tasty.  The second was with the Caprese pizza.  This was awful.  I don't know if it was meant to be served ice cold but it was.The staff seemed a little disorganized but the wait was short for my take out and the prices are pretty reasonable.  I will try again.
2	Inconsistent.  When it's good, it's phenomenal.  But when it's bad, it's down right awful. We've been ordering from Palone's since they first opened and it's been a roller coaster ride since day one.  The quality is all over the place from day to day.  One day it could be the best pepperoni pizza you've ever had and the next it could be worse than those square public school pizzas.  Also, I don't advise ordering within a half-hour or so of closing; it's been our experience on multiple occasions that they reheat an older pie rather than make a new one.
2	Good wings. Bad pizza. Poor setting. Don't waste your time, go to Tony Sacco's or Lorenzo's pizza instead to get your fix. The strip mall is in a nice area so has potential but there are much better options available.
