5	I took my wife's car into the dealership to see how much it would cost to repair some road damage. After receiving their estimate, I contacted Wright Cars for their estimate. Their cost was more reasonable than the dealership, and they got it repaired in the same time frame. I felt like the team at Wright Cars went above and beyond in taking care of our car and helping us get the damage repaired. Thank you Wright Cars!
5	Had just a GREAT experience with Vision Collision. Accurate & fair estimate, worked seamlessly with my insurance company and the finished job looks as good as new. Thanks Todd and team for a great experience all around. Highly recommend.
5	I've had Todd and his crew work on several cars and trucks for me over the last few years.They have re-painted the hoods of several service vans, replaced a driver side door on a service truck, replaced the tailgate and fixed the bed on my Toyota pick-up after I backed in to a tree, and just recently replace the hatch on my wife's almost new Grand Cherokee due to an altercation with the garage door. (Garage door a little bent, but ok for now)I run an A/C service business and its important to me the our trucks look good, so when something happens, I need to get it fixed right away, I really appreciate the Vision Collision guys for getting me in and out fast and doing it at a fair price.
1	I had a terrible experience with Todd and Vision Collision. My car was vandalized so I looked for a local repair shop to give business to and found them on Craigslist. Pics of the work looked great so I decided to head down to see what they could do. Todd was about to close up shop but looked over my car seeing that 8 panels would need to be repaired and repainted. I told him it had a dent in the one door that would need to be removed along with dings along the body line, since all 4 doors, fenders and quarters needed to be fixed and repainted. I wanted the whole car repainted since 8 panels had to be done anyway and I believed we had agreed upon that. I also asked for him to work with me on my deductible and he said no problem with that or doing the work. It was all yes-yes and no problem. I signed the paperwork and now it was up to him and the insurance company.I get a call saying the car is being sanded and prepped at the moment and it gets brought up about the 8 panels being repainted and not the whole care. I am a bit taken back by this because I thought we agreed on doing the whole car but chalk it up as miscommunication. If it was not already being worked on I would have picked my car up from them and took it somewhere else.I get a call to pick up my car, he has had it for a week and half so plenty of time to do a great job right? WRONG! I get there and all the door dings are still there, the key mark on the one fender is still visible, paint hazing on the one door and the other fender. I point these things out and he says I have a good eye, no shit I wanted my car right and you were paid $2000 from my insurance company for shoddy work. Basically my car was not repaired to my satisfaction nor to what was written on the estimate for the insurance company and way less what we agreed upon. He did fix the dent on the one door but the door dings are still there along with a key mark on the fender. The body guy must not have a good eye at all missing all of that and to not repair each panel and get rid of some small dings chalking it up that it is more labor cost for you when I 100% certainly pointed out the dings specifically saying they needed to be fixed and they were not. Regardless of it all the work was not done to my satisfaction and damage was painted over. You can buff out the hazing certainly but you cannot buff out painting over a chip in the paint which should have been sanded down properly nor the key mark which was painted over. I recommend you get it in writing if you make an agreement with Todd or record the conversation because he will over promise and under deliver. He did some of what he wrote up on the estimate but clearly could see I was unhappy. Word of mouth and reviews like these make and break businesses. I will do a HD video walk around and post the link showing the issues I had from my car that was picked up just a few days ago. Totally unacceptable for getting $2000 to repaint 8 panels and not repair them properly, I could have went to nearly any shop and they would have got the handful of dings out and repainted the car for that kind of money. Then telling me its a 14 year old car and not sure what I am expecting. Regardless of the vehicle the work should be done right, my car is a 2 ton business card with over spray on the trim and windows still too!When I worked in my fathers shop we went the distance and would never repaint and panel and leave door dings in it or key marks. A couple extra hours of time to make it right because it represents us when it leaves the shop and getting all the over spray off trim and windows because it is not the customers problem to deal with nor hazing of the paint which you can see across the parking lot. Good eye he says, I say open your damn eyes! Stay away from this business, you could go to Maaco and they will happily paint over damaged panels. Vision does not go the extra mile or the miles they agree to and are paid well for.
