2	7/6/2013 visit.   Bar staff is not friendly.  For a brand new casino, only been opened a few days, you  would think that maybe the staff could act if they were happy for your business.  We asked about any specials and we got a "nope" for an answer then a stare.  Draft beer almost cold but not quite.  Huge lines at the player club with not enough staff.
4	Lot better than the dump that is getting demo'd. I could actualy breath in this place with gasping for air.
1	We waited to go for a couple of weeks and after our experience we should have waited or should I say not have gone at all. If you are planning on going you can save your money and time. It was extremely disappointing. The bar staff was extremely unfriendly. We sat at the bar because there was a long line at the service station and we waited for quite a while. Finally a girl walked by and she said did you guys need some help??? We said yes we are waiting to order. She said, order ?? We said yes some drinks.. LOL I mean this is a bar right. We told her that we wanted some Fireball shots and she said, "Oh okay, you will have to wait because I have to chill them." ??? I am confused why this is not in a cooler to begin with but okay. Then as we were sitting there she got beers for three other people and my boyfriend thought she was chilling our shots. That would be a no. She hadn't even started our drinks. So then she continues to look around the bar for a shaker (I think) and then puts the shots in the shake with no ice. How are these being chilled? So after this we walked around and were surprised to see the lack of Keno machines that there should be. Just like all of the other casinos here in town. Take your money because now they have to pay for thier new casino. We decided that this is when we just have to keep our money and take it to Laughlin or Vegas. After about an hour and no winning we decided to leave.Went to the bar to close our tab and again got the attitude that we were putting them out to close our tab. Our card was not where it should have been with the other cards, it was in the girls bar apron?? Not sure why that is. Seemed a little weird. Again this is not a huge surprise but after the way that the economy is and the need for customer service it is sad that they think they can act like this. It is not a place we will be going again I am sure. DO NOT GO....
3	Torn. Kinda want to leave 2 stars.Ditka's restaurant was 4 stars! Very good.Casino, we were gambling for almost 4 hrs. Our goal is to get taxed!!!!!! No one was winning!!!! The biggest payout all night was a little over $300.  I kept looking around to see if any lights in machines were going off for jackpots which is $1200 or more. Nada.Come on!!!!! Pay out! I love to see other people win too!!!! It's a good feeling!Won't be back.
4	First time visit here after purchasing tickets to a concert in their event center.  Everything here is SO NEW.  HOTEL: Check in was easy and a breeze. We paid $166 for a Saturday night stay and booked about two weeks in advance.  I think for a summer rate it is a bit high.  When walking in - please get auto open doors.  When your carrying luggage, not good to have doors that have SUPER HOT handles you have to yank open and try to twister move by holding & wheeling luggage in at the same time. Just saying. Our room however was lovely with mountain views - we asked for the 3rd floor - much less noisy. Very upscale with modern furnishings & a 55 or 60 inch Samsung flat screen on the wall.  The room phone has a screen which displays your name - nice touch.  The bathroom is equipped nicely with a blow dryer & lighted makeup mirror you can move to the desk if you wanted to without taking up the bathroom space while your significant other is getting ready.  LOVE LOVE the mirror! Walls were a bit thin, we could totally here the folks next door just having general conversation. Totally forgot to pack my swim suit - but the pool area was very nice.  It was also handicap equipped with auto rise chair lifts. There is a sweet bar outside as well along with beautiful cabanas.  CASINO: While entering into the casino someone said it is BIG - NO IT IS NOT AT ALL &  there is not much to choose from to eat. Ditkas is the only real sit down waiter serviced restaurant unless you prefer their buffet which looked like a cheaply catered event.  There NEEDS to be another inside dinner restaurant to choose from outside of the sparse food court style options.  With such nice hotel amenities, we want to spend our money on good eats too. Service at the Square Bar & Dunkin Donuts.......S-L-O-W.  We had Open Table reservations for Ditka's for our anniversary dinner that evening.  Took a bit to get seated and the hostess did not look very happy - just sporting a bland face.  We started with 2 San Tan beers & 4 oyster shooters. I topped the shooters with a little lemon flavored vodka I ordered separate.  Damn good!!!  I then ordered the house salad - eh nothing special & kinda boring. Hubby had the crab bisque - very good I have to say.  I then had the NY Strip special - amazing flavor!!  Hubby had the Prime Rib - bland but the mushrooms, horseradish, & au jus gave it a little boost. It was a generous cut and very soft but very bland on the meat flavor.  We had the jalapeno hash browns - they were pretty good.  The waitress was very good however I had to ask a passing waiter to have my water refilled. No one was walking around refilling water - at all. Hmmmm.  For our anniversary, we chose the cheesecake (on the house)and 2 espressos.  The cheesecake was light & fluffy - simply amazing.  I'll be craving that later! I think for being new - they need to have a hostess who is ON all the time and pleasant.  Also, with all the rich food they serve, water is a necessity - be sure to serve it freely - without asking.
4	First off I want to say that the 'old' Vee Quiva Casino has been the only casino I have really gone to for a number of years.  I was VERY concerned with the opening of the new casino, thinking that it was not going to have the types of quarter slots that I play and which were the reason I always went to the 'old' Vee Quiva.So on Friday, June 26th, 2013 I went to the new VQ as I had some tickets for the Vince Neil concert that day.  I parked my car with the Valet and thought how nice it was going to be when I came out to not have to get into a blazing hot car. The covered parking is SO necessary here in AZ, I love that!I inquired where to go for the tickets and a VQ staffer escorted me to the spot.  As we walked around the casino I mentioned how beautiful it was, and that the smell of smoke was virtually non-existent. I got my tickets and did a brief walk-about to look at the actual slot machines.It was about mid afternoon on a Friday, there was a lot of walking space without being crowded which I liked. I found a reel 2x,3x, 4x, 5x machine with a center payline and a 3 coin max which is one of the types I do play so I was happy about that.  I played for a few hours. Accessing the bonus play was confusing to me on these machines, and I had to call a floor person.  Also I couldn't figure out how to turn on the 'service' button either.  Other than those issues the machines are fine.I went to Panda Express and was not at all familiar with their menu and the staff there was VERY friendly and helpful to me.  There are a wide variety of eateries at the new VQ, from inexpensive to fine dining and from burgers to classy dining, surely one to fit nearly any budget.My 40yr old son LOVED that I got the tickets to the Vince Neil concert, since he was one of the 'biggies' from his day!  The Event Center is a nice intimate venue, I like that it doesn't hold too many people!Just prior to departing I decided to play one more machine that I eyed that was also the type I like to play.  I came home with the money I left with so all in all a good day.The people at Valet were VERY VERY friendly when I left the casino, and the bottle of cold water is much appreciated on such a hot day as well.The only reason I am not giving VQ 5 Stars is for 3 reasons... 1) is because as I played the customers around me were all complaining that the slots need to be 'loosened up' like they were at the 'old' casino and that it was not fun because the machines are too tight; 2) is because many of the employees on the floor didn't seem to be able to answer my questions about the slot machines; and 3) is because I didn't stay in the hotel, although I imagine it is lovely.I am SO happy that the new VQ did NOT follow in the steps of WHP & LB with the types of quarter slots!  There are enough of the types that I DO play to make me go back again, and THAT was my worry with this move.  WHP only has 16 on 2 banks and they are not really the types I like and LB has only 1 bank of them I believe and I didn't like that place at all.  Now I don't have to go to any other casino in town since VEE QUIVA IS THE PLACE TO BE !!You maintained the 'fun' of VQ along with the kinds of machines I like to play and just upgraded it all into a GORGEOUS PROPERTY!  KUDOS & THANK YOU VQ!
1	You have to be kidding.  The TV commercials advertise a top notch resort.  All you end up with is a bunch of rude bar personnel and a bunch of low class non english speaking people breathing down your neck at every machine.Don't waste your time at this place.  We'll reserve our discretionary spending for the better resorts in the valley.
1	wanted to try this new casino out and was expecting to go dancing and listen to live music, but i would never recomend this place ever, the place was small. the drinks where over priced and the bartenders measured every ounce or should i say splash of liquer he put in my drink. The staff didnt know prices when asked and seemed rude! and the security guard at the so called club, Sherman, was so rude we had to call his supervisor to complain, not sure if it did any good, this place seems to have bad customer service skills all around and does not deserve your patronage or you hard earned money!!!!!!
1	Cafe 24/7Server Name:  MichaelA real smart ass and refused to take back food I did not order.  Taunted me by laughing in my face and being sarcastic to me.  He tried to get the manager and explain himself.  Being a former server and restaurant manager his actions were intolerable and needs to be fired.  The hostess was really nice.  The manager Bob was really nice.The server Michael had the nerve after getting the manager to stand there starring at me crossing his arms as if I was going to be in trouble for cussing him out.  Of course he did not tell his boss he was being sarcastic and laughing in my face before he brought him over to our table.  We had already asked for someone to get the manager but when he saw us.I am a pretty mellow guy but this guy pushed all my buttons and I went off on him like he deserved.  Being a food server is a hard job.I left the casino after dinner and took myself to a real casino--HARRAH'S AK CHIN.This place is full of bad service and needs to clean up its act.  The did a nice job opening up the new casino but when you have a staff where alot of them do not care about their customers their success is going to be very limited.Any WILD HORSE PASS CASINO IS NOW MY LAST CHOICE!  You know it is bad when VQ is only 5 minutes from my house and I chose to drive to Maricopa or Scottsdale or Fountain Hills.  The place looks nice but it still has a "dump" mentality.
2	Need to add 1-2 $100 table on the regular. Poker room and the casino itself  is small compared to Wild Horse Pass Casino. But, it'll do. Food selection is great.
3	We watched the commercials and wanted to come check out the new casino they built.  We popped in on a Saturday night and the place was packed!  You couldn't get on a machine less than $1.   Most of the tables were packed too....and so was the bar.  Ok, so we wanted to grab a bite to eat and went to Fatburger (different review).  That was an average experience.  The casino was very nice and well designed...very easy to find your way around.  There was no live entertainment the night we went....nothing in the lounge and nothing in the event center, strange for a Saturday night.After a couple of hours, we got bored and decided to leave.  The employees we interacted with were friendly despite being super busy.Return Factor - 70%
4	Visited from Southern California this past weekend!  Loved the hotel and the casino!  Very, very nice hotel rooms.  The beds were very comfortable and the pillows were just right.  The only complaint with the hotel is that they do not have a coffee machine in the room, although they do have free coffee in the hotel lobby.  Everyone at the hotel was very friendly and you see them cleaning something ALL THE TIME.    For the casino - we had really good luck here.  The slots we played were very generous for us.  The only bad thing in the casino was that it takes forever to find a waiter or waitress to get drinks.  It was faster for us to just get them from the bar ourselves.  That's frustrating when you are paying for drinks.  If we ever return to Phoenix this will definitely be our choice of stay.  Beautiful property and accommodations.
3	its a casino its not Vegas it is just a casino in the middle of the Valley
5	I am a big fan of this place.  However I like the old place better.  The slots payed out better and they would give out free food from their restaurant.  Now they have a food court and their options for comps are Donuts and Panda Buffet.  I miss their free LOG - Strawberry Short Cake and their buffalo wings.  But hey, love the fact that there are more slots and more space.  It's not as stuffy with cigarette smoke because the old place was too small for that amount of people.  You still have to fight for machines here.Definitely going back when I'm in town.  Love the free cigarette comps.  Sign up if you haven't.  It's definitely worth it at this casino.  They actually give you stuff for game play.
2	I am only giving two stars for this review because of the restaurant Coffee 24/7. We enjoyed a nice prime rib dinner which included house salad, baked potato, steamed vegetables and one roll for just $13.95 on Fri/Sat. The restaurant was clean and the servers were attentive and food came out quick.The casino itself is acourse new, attractive and lively especially on the weekends. The floor is small and jammed pack and is difficult at times to play games both slots and tables.  They did have two $5 black jack tables open which was surprising but acourse no open seats but I didn't wait for one either.The slots here are a freaking joke. For example, if you wanted to play a 5 cent machine the minimum bet was 30 credits ($1.50) per play and the 1 cent machines had a minimum bet of 80 credits (.80 cents) per play. Only a very few select machines had the traditional 1 credit bet. The slots here are so tight they could back up to a wall and suck out a brick. The waitresses? What waitresses? My wife and I walked around the casino 5-10 times because its so small and we only seen one waitress serve a drink one time.This casino is nice looking but don't be fooled the only games worth playing are the table games. The slots are tight and the 1 cent / 5 cent machines arent truly as such. They should be called the 80 cent and $1.50 slot machines.I am not a gambler by nature. I go to casinos to relax and for entertainment but when I do play slots I want to play the traditional way. One credit at a time max bet when I choose. I couldn't even play a 5 cent slot tonight with a 5 cent voucher because the minimum is a $1.50!Laughlin & Las Vegas is the place to go and is where I will continue to go for now on.
4	Beautiful room!  Gorgeous fall colors!  I adored my king-sized bed, with a playful cream-colored leather-backed headboard, and side tables equipped with table AND reading lamps (and four power outlets- I counted- just on these lamps). http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/vee-quiva-hotel-and-casino-laveen?select=nm8Erzz3Fev_qWSmbL_4qw#nm8Erzz3Fev_qWSmbL_4qw  The pillows and bedding were delightful... I'll have to see if I may order online to own (some hotels offer this option).  The room didn't have a bathtub, but I appreciated the spacious glass-encased shower.  One complaint was that the water pooled around an inch and a half to two inches as I showered, but quickly drained when the shower was turned off.  I'm hoping the stall floor, drain cap, and pipes are kept as clean as possible... The desk had a great leather pad that served well for both as a rest for my laptop, as well as a mousepad.  There's a table lamp that dims, but I noticed a high-pitched and constant noise soon after I turned it on and while on the computer, and on first guess turned the lamp off, and the noise was gone.  Maybe I'll say something to those at the front desk.Gorgeous picture and sound qualities from the Samsung Smart TV!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/vee-quiva-hotel-and-casino-laveen?select=f8xKcy4fI2GLi1I3Ldn67A#f8xKcy4fI2GLi1I3Ldn67A  I just finished watching "We Bought A Zoo" this morning, even though I've already seen it two times previously, because it seemed like I was seeing and hearing a new version of it due to the TV's HD technology.  (I wonder if this is how it feels to watch movies on Blu-Ray?)  The scenes seemed to leap out of the screen, almost 3D.  I wish I could afford to get one of these.  Housekeeping wasn't able to straighten up my room yesterday, since I had just returned from my morning swim and needed to shower and dress for the day.  Speaking of the pool... it was small (smaller than the one at my apartment complex), but it was gorgeous!  I loved how it had a wade pool for very small children on one end.  And it was heated!  I was hoping that the pool wasn't as bad as one Yelper had posted (very small and not heated).  Thank goodness this matter was resolved since.  See the magic of taking the time to craft these reviews?  Forward-looking management do take reviewers' observations and complaints to heart!  There's a jacuzzi, but I didn't use it.  Lovely cabanas and I am a lover of the mountain views we have in this valley, so I was deliriously happy both when I was at the pool and when I was inside my room looking out!  Oh, and very important-- my skin and hair didn't take on a chlorine smell, and I didn't detect the scent while swimming, either.  My morning exercise was a very pleasant experience.  Thank you, VQ.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/vee-quiva-hotel-and-casino-laveen?select=Ql8ubJJdO4HLAL3DX4EMQg#Ql8ubJJdO4HLAL3DX4EMQghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/vee-quiva-hotel-and-casino-laveen?select=ZmVBPJaNCTDDVtJOLzjcGw#ZmVBPJaNCTDDVtJOLzjcGwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/vee-quiva-hotel-and-casino-laveen?select=B7nCal78HsvA2-N5T4W_QQ#B7nCal78HsvA2-N5T4W_QQThe casino floor was spacious and easy to navigate through.  The Square Bar was easy to find and indeed square in shape.  I thought the ventilation did a great job keeping the casino as clean-smelling as possible!  Wish I could say the same where I work.  :(  I dropped by the VQ Live lounge last night and listened to a few songs by Latino band Str8up, who is on regular rotation.  They do a range of musical styles, and I was impressed with the female singer (the only female in the group, and the only one I heard singing) as she sang a Fleetwood Mac cover.  Lovely voice!Everywhere I went, the staff were friendly and eager to assist with whatever concerns I had, and I didn't have many.  I didn't order anything from Cafe 24/7, but VQ really scored big having Los Reyes de la Torta move in!  I am tempted to skip getting breakfast (my most favorite of all meals) from a local Ahwatukee eatery  after checking out and just get another sandwich from here...
4	This hotel and casino is much more personal than Wild Horse. Smaller and less people. The rooms are so nice. Beds are comfy and large. The large HD TV was great. Room Check in easy and I like the no smoking policy. I went into Ditka's last time for glass of wine and it was very quiet away from the casino bustle. A nice break to watch the football game.The food court has Dunkin Donuts. More food would be nice.Staff is great. Clean bathrooms and suites always. The restaurant is nice and the buffet breakfast was good.The hotel valet is still learning the ropes....nothing as great as Wild Horse valets. Pack light and carry your own bags here.
5	We stopped in on a whim one Friday night to play a little roulette and slots. When I signed up for a players card they had a promotion to get a free night's stay if you accumulate so many points. Well we easily did it and because it was December we were able to stay during the week since I wasn't working Christmas Eve morning. Our hotel room was AMAZING. Between the large TV, comfortable bed and beautiful bathroom it was a perfect stay plus we stayed in our budget of how much money were willing to lose.
5	They have texas hold'em tables there. Awesome.
5	I really like this casino...  and the casino really likes me...  because I lose, consistently.  On my last trip I dropped $20 into a slot machine called "Majestic Buck".  I was easily lured in by the image of what was indeed a majestic buck.  2 minutes later and $20 poorer I sat myself down at one of the many Blackjack tables.  My luck didn't change so I retired to the lounge.  On this particular evening the lounge had the outside doors open and the fire pits going while the band of the night played away.  Maybe next time I will skip the gambling and just hang out in the lounge.  /Lies
2	My rating probably isn't fair.  I'm rating this in comparison to the casinos in MN and WI.  I enjoy playing video poker and there were very few of those machines.  And the ones they did have were in constant use.  Very few of the other kinds of machines were familiar to me but I did try several.  Also, if we had gone on a day other than Sunday it would probably have been more enjoyable.  It was very crowded and so there were not many open machines of any sort.  But, for the day we were there it was a two.I would go back and try to get one of the video pokers - people seemed to be doing pretty well on those and reluctant to give up their seats, unless to a family member or friend - in tandem.  Cigarette smoke is always a problem for non - smokers in any casino, but, their ventilation system was pretty efficient in keeping it tolerable.
2	I have to say this was the most un-fun stay at a hotel/casino I have ever had. With a rare quiet night to myself, I booked a room at this hotel last night. At $175 a night, I was a little hesitant to spend that much, last minute, but I went for it. The drive there was shady and be forewarned, it is in the middle of nowhere. I kept praying my car wouldn't break down. When I finally got there, the signs for parking and the hotel were very confusing. I couldn't find the self park entrance after I realized I was at valet only. So, I parked where it said Hotel and Casino and realized there was a hotel only entrance further at the end. No signs and very confusing. The hotel check-in was smooth. To my dismay, I overheard another desk clerk tell a guest that the hotel was stand up showers only. I looking forward to taking a bubble bath and assumed at that price point, they would have bath tubs. Oh well. The hotel room was very nice and comfortable. I tried several times to connect to the free internet and had no luck. So irritating, as I have never had that problem at other hotels. The TV was large and nice, although what was up with the hotel intro channel at a blasting volume? After awhile, whenever I had to turn on the TV, I would brace myself for the loud music. The bed was so comfortable...I slept very well. The AC/heating unit kept clicking though which was super annoying once I noticed it. The bathroom was very nice as well as the shower. I ate at Ditkas and ordered a glass of wine, fried calamari, and crunchy tuna avocado roll. The calamari was very good. The tuna roll was very unappealing....I couldn't finish it. Yuck. Service was friendly and attentive.The slot machines were a joke. Most of the machines were set at high minimums. Penny slots required 100 lines each spin ($1), $0.02 required 50 lines each spin ($1). It was crazy. I lost money on the machines so fast as they barely paid anything out. I stopped by the Players Club to see if I would accumulate points for staying at the hotel. The girl said no. I was so surprised that there was no benefit to staying at the hotel. There is a small fitness center with one elliptical, one treadmill, 2 cycle machines and free weights. I used the elliptical which seemed to have some cool programs. However when I tried to use the TV, there was no signal on any of the channels.Overall, such a disappointing experience. I'll stick with Talking Stick.
2	recently stopped by on a weekend.  beautiful spot... the hotel is gorgeous.  it's a little bit of a road trip if you live in phoenix... i felt like i was driving for days.  also felt creeped out as i was walking through the parking lot... it attracts a shady crowd at night.  but then again, it's a casino... things aren't going to be rainbows and butterflies.  lost a lot of cash.  i can't blame the casino. that's my own fault... i dropped twenty dollars on the ground & some little old lady ran off with it.  kind of put a damper on my night.  securrrrrity.  i'm going to try to stay a night here and see how i like it.  maybe my luck will change.
1	This place sucks.  It's small, and their advertisements all over TV are BS.  They don't have any regular keno machines.  Payouts on the machine games are crap.  Only thing they have going for them is the location.  I was super excited to be able to hit a casino 30 minutes from Glendale instead of having to go out to Casino Arizona or Fort McDowell.  Won't make that mistake again.
2	Went here with some friends who wanted to play bingo on saturday night.   We were there for the Eclipse Bingo which started at 11pm.  It cost $12 for 11 games, and the room was almost completely full.  Unfortunately the jackpots for most of the games were only $150 (split by all winners), with two games at $300 and one at $500.Up on the screens (and on the website) were all these huge bingo jackpots (one was like $59,000) but they were not at this bingo session, nor was there any explanation on when and where those jackpots are given out.If you are going with a group of friends, it can be fun with the music pumping, but if you are going to try to win money, this is really not the place.The brief time I walked around the casino, there were absolutely no open machines, and people waiting for them to open.  Not to mention, all the machines I saw were video machines...not a real "reel" slot machine in sight.
3	Our recent visit was fine but I was disappointed to see the machines now require a minimum bet of anywhere from $.60-$1.00 or MORE! The last time I came here was before the renovation and you could use up a dollar slowly. IS it logical to bet a penny at a time? Of course not but gambling itself isn't very logical. All in good fun, sue me. Now the slots more or less just eat your money faster than ever... Boo.  Can't comment on the hotel as I didn't stay there but it did look nice. I think I'll stick to the AZ Lottery if I want to gamble. I might actually win something.
2	My wife and I went to the wild horse pass resort last year for our anniversary and loved it, so when we got a free room voucher for Vee Quiva we were pretty excited to celebrate our following anniversary there.  The rooms were just as good as wild horse pass but everything else about the resort was sub-par.  We were shocked the pool closes at 9pm but after walking by to see it I could understand why, there wasn't a bartender staffed at the bar and the scene there looked like something you would see at a retirement home.  There wasn't even a single person in the pool and no music to help distract you from the mello crowd, guess that's what headphones are for.We decided to try out the bingo hall and later regret that decision.  We've been to all the other major bingo halls around Phoenix but this one had different games and drawings taking place that we had never seen before.  After making it clear to the bingo teller we needed further explanation we were immediately given the "read today's gaming sheet".  Make sure you bring in food because if you get hungry you have to fight everyone off during intermission to get in line at the food court inside the casino.  The 24/7 coffee house cafe was advertising their prime rib special ($7.99) but of course when heading over to it we were greeted by a large sign stating it was closed for maintenance after 10pm.  It was 11 at the time and their were still tables being used.  The staff couldn't give us a clear answer as to when they re-open but we found out the following day it was open early in the morning.  My not so favorite part of my stay was the harassment given by security staff when entering the casino from the hotel.  Their piss poor attitude towards guess and poor customer service was mind boggling to us.  We were told (not politely) to dump out or chug our beers that we took from our room before entering the casino floor.  When explaining to them we weren't aware of their policy and were apologetic the security guy responds with "just get rid of them" with a confrontational tone.  The second time around we were pulled aside because our red bulls smelled like they had "a hint of alcohol" in them, which there wasn't.  I told the security guard (different) she was mistaken but we would be cooperative.  She of course gives me a scowl look and doesn't say anything...had to ask people near by if I said something wrong and they were just as puzzled.On a more positive note, their were a couple BJ dealers and pit bosses that were great to talk to and accommodating as well.  In fact, a slot machine tenet looked all over the casino to find a slot that had my lucky numbers listed on its sticker for me, which made my night!
3	Decent casino.  It's new and very spacious with an open layout.  It felt like there was almost too much space and not enough stuff to fill it.  The first thing that I noticed was that this place seemed to have good air ventilation since it didn't smell very smoky inside.  A downside was that I didn't have any cell phone reception at all anywhere in the casino.  I liked the food court options and the large seating area that was available.  The selection of slots was okay.  Overall, nothing really bad or really good about this place.  However, for a rather new casino the atmosphere lacked any real wow factor or excitement.
1	My husband and I love to gamble and play both slots and table games. However, after 10 visits to this casino, I strongly advise gamblers to take a pass. Their slots are crazy tight, and it doesn't matter if you are betting .50 or $50 the most you will win is around $70-$100, an amount you are guaranteed to feed back into the machines. They don't understand that it is not gambling if you ALWAYS lose. Their business is money, and they have to let people win something so they will come back with a hopeful, lucky feeling. When slots are this tight you just feel stupid for showing up. Super low paying slots here!!
3	This review is just based on the casino: We decided to stop at this casino on Saturday night to check it out. It was alright. Nothing really too much to brag about. The machines were very basic with nothing standing out too much. We did get $10 in free play if we put money into the machines first. That was nice but then when we got home there was a commercial on TV advertising $20 in free play! Boo! They did have a Dunkin Donuts, Fatburger, and Panda Express inside. That is really nice! All in all we might go back another night just because its the closest casino to our house...but it wasn't anything too special.
1	We called for hotel reservations.  I can't believe how I was spoken to.  The young lady must have had chip on her shoulder.  I guess she thought I was supposed to be serving her.  I hope the stay is more enjoyable than the reservation experience.Johnny J..
4	I am not what most people would consider a "big gambler" not even when I go to  Vegas.  However, I have been wanting to visit Vee Quiva for quite some time and I am so glad I did because I had a great time.   My friends and I ate at Ditka's.  We had the Prime Rib (Very tasty). Ditka's restaurant has a wonderful atmosphere and the service is excellent.  Ditka's fine dining offers happy hour prices starting at 5 PM in the bar,  $3 beer/wine and $5 martini's.  Most of the appetizers are also happy hour priced at mere $5.00. We enjoyed filet magnon sliders, calamari, and pot roast nachos.Vee Quiva has a 24/7 cafe/restaurant with a great $4 breakfast served all the time. Vee Quiva has a nice pool, beautiful rooms, giant  flat screen TV's in each room, covered parking, lots of slots, table games, and a food court with Dunkin Donuts, Fat Burger, Panda Express, Mexican tortas.So If your ever in the area you should stop by.
3	Gambling is one hard thing to do for people but I enjoy it. Its a plus when the staff is amazing at this casino you can get some amazing people and some not so good at all. I'm a Ruby member and I love to go but When i visit Players club i never get my prizes or scratcher deals i get in mail. Food service is I was a regular and visted Cafe 24/7 Meeka was our server, amazing service so memorable and bright attitude. We need more of that all over the casino.
2	Stayed at the hotel for a one night stay and wasn't too impressed. The grounds of the property were nice and the mountain views were beautiful. The standard room I was booked in was modern and cosmetically nice. The only complaint I have about the room is that I found several longer hairs around the sink behind the faucets from lack of cleaning after previous guest. Super gross! The next thing is when checking out when given the total, the lady said that there was a room charge of $115.00 from Ditka's restaurant which I never charged and didn't eat there during my stay. The dispute takes several days and it's a huge inconvenience.
2	This is the second time we stayed here and it was totally different! We got in early which was great. Last time we took a cooler to the pool and was fine. This time when we did it the security asked us to leave, when asked about it compared to last time they told us that if we did not take it out we would leave. It was rude right away. We were going to do it but just surprised. When we went to the floor to gamble we were told we could not bring beverages down. Last time we did. Not sure what the deal was. I wish they were just talking to each other so we could know what to do if we go again or not! The hotel room had a phone that did not work. A tv that was on the fritz the whole time and we could not get wifi, even called for help! It was a yucky staycation experience!
1	By far the worst casino in the valley.  The bar tender was so rude. Im there 2 hours and not a single person asked if i want coffee or soda. Slots are super tight. In my opinion. .not worth the drive.
3	It was just an ok experience. Cant find any staff and takes a long time to get any help.
1	Calling this hotel/casino to see if we had any room offers on our players card. Girl who answered the phone was extremely rude! Interrupted me before i could even finish my sentence saying they were too busy to help me right then because they were helping others with there promotion!Because of this being my first experience with them, I definitely will NOT be staying here, EVER!If this is how they treat people over the phone who's to say how they treat their actual customers!!! Stay away!!!!
3	Disappointed.  The revamped Vee Quiva in terms of ambiance was pretty good.  The slot play was another story.  It's a long way to go for us (coming from Chandler) and to not win anything was disappointing.  If I'm going to lose, I'd rather just drive somewhere closer like Lone Butte or Wild Horse.
5	I travel often and this is one of the better places I have stayed at. The rooms are clean and modern. The shower is beautiful. The staff are very friendly and the room service was better than I had expected!  I ordered a build your own hamburger and a short cake which was great!!  I would recommend making reservations early because it's pretty busy here
4	Hotel is super clean and the staff is so friendly. The valet was able to flag down taxi's in an instant. I would stay again in a heartbeat !!!
