1	I went in for an appointment at the Lake Mead offices in Summerlin so I could get my teeth cleaned. Originally I had scheduled the cleaning and exam for the same day. Unfortunately my COBRA was not in place so I had to wait. I tried to schedule another appointment for a cleaning but was told the hygienist I wanted was not available and I had to see a doctor first. I scheduled an appointment for Dec 08.  The first glimpse of what was to come came when I went to the front desk. I was offered an oral cancer screening for $65 which I declined. The receptionist then told me how a friend's family member was diagnosed with oral cancer and their life was saved (or something to that effect). I again declined. I should have left right then. I filled out the paperwork for a new patient even though I had been at the office in the past. I went to a different dentist after my initial visit in 2006. I had a full set of x-rays and was seated in an exam chair. The dentist came in and introduced himself and made some small talk. He took a moment and looked over my x-rays and then started an exam. Within a moment or two he asked the technician to look at the full sets of x-ray's on the screen and proceeded to tell me that I had significant calcification and I needed a deep cleaning. I declined and he informed me I would need to sign a waiver that I was going against his advice. He then left and I waited for the next person to come in and finish. In around five minutes or so the hygienist I had originally requested (because she was recommended by a friend) came in to discuss the deep cleaning. I again said no I was not interested and she asked why. I informed her that I had had the service performed in the past and really viewed it as a way to increase charges and revenue. She said that the dentist had measured the depth of my pockets, etc. and had recommended the deep cleaning.  (In fact he spent very little time actually examining my teeth and did not seem to check the pockets with any detail) She then proceeded to give me her spiel about what the deep cleaning entailed and that even with a signed waiver they could not do a normal cleaning for liability reasons. At this time I left.In the past I worked in retail and am familiar with the practice of up selling products and services. I have worked with people who have really want to sell you something and would use whatever persuasion they could come up with. In some cases the persuasion used bordered on lies and half truths. Anything for the sale. I have never experienced this type of pressure sales in a supposedly "professional" setting. I was offended by the attitude from the beginning at the reception desk through having the hygienist take the condescending attitude of "we can't clean your teeth unless you have the deep cleaning  the dentist recommended." I am over 55 years old and doubt very seriously that any further decay of bone and tissue could be linked to having my teeth cleaned normally at Boston Dental in 2010. In fact I contend that the refusal to clean my teeth is much more actionable.I am sending this information to my insurance carrier and will spread the word in as many places and using whatever avenues I can that the practice is not customer focused and you are only in it for the money rather than what the customer (patient) wants.
5	Thank goodness for Boston Dental. I had literally not been to the dentist in over 15 years due to anxiety and lack of dental insurance. Finally the pain in my wisdom teeth got so bad that I broke down and had my husband make a dental appointment for me. It was a Friday afternoon and it seemed like every dentist in town was closed, except Boston Dental. They got me in right away, took x-rays and got me on pain medication. I ended up having them refer me to an oral surgeon for my wisdom tooth extraction (I needed to be sedated), but I have gone back since to get cleanings and other work done. The staff there is always 100% caring and friendly. The dental hygienist who did my deep cleaning was an absolute angel. She talked me through every step of the process and made me feel, if not completely relaxed, at least able to get through the entire appointment. When Dr. Utley did my root canal, he took the time to explain how everything worked and was patient and kind about my anxieties. Long story short, while I don't think I will ever actually enjoy going to the dentist, I am no longer scared to go, thanks to Boston Dental.
4	This place is pretty darn good as far as denistry goes. Dr. Uttley AMAZING, Hygenist Linda very patient consciencious. We are telling our friends and family about this place. Prices are great, they totally get your insurance processed ASAP! They explain everything to a T. They really are great! My husband is allergic to anesthetics and had to have a tooth pulled. Dr. Uttley actually made the experience for my husband tolorable and he will go back. My husband is like the most super picky person when it comes to cleanliness and customer satisfaction! We had to switch dentist because our previous family dentist couldn't get us in for a cleaning for over 3 months! That's rediculous. Boston Dental can get you in for cleanings within a couple of days if you needed it. Watch out for the front receptionist though, she gets all worked up pretty easily. LOL She's a bit intense!
1	I have never had an experience quite like this. Last year, I was rushing to get my teeth cleaned while I still had dental insurance. I do go to my dentist back home and the last time I checked, everything was fine.When I got there, I waited a while to get my x-rays done and was put in a consultation room where the dentist proceeded to show me my x-rays and close ups of all the problems I had with my teeth. Apparently, I needed to get all my fillings replaced and that I needed some sort of ultrasonic specialized cleaning techniques because I had peridontal disease and all sorts of eyebrow raising b.s.. I proceeded with the cleaning which was done in a cursory fashion. There was absolutely no real scaling done and a very cursory cleaning (just some crap polish job which didn't even clean up some of the stains on my teeth). The dentist didn't bother to check up on the bad job done by the hygienist.I never returned despite phone calls and email reminders.I went back home to my dentist who did a full check up on me and all my fillings were fine. I had no peridontal disease and my hygienist actually appropriately scaled my teeth properly (which is what you really are paying for when you get a cleaning), got rid of all of my stains. No crazy ultrasonic technique necessary. The dentist checked my hygienist's work and told me to follow-up in 6 months.The scary thing about dentists are you don't know really what you are getting into and place a lot of trust in them to do the job they are supposed to do. A good dentist should always check on their hygienist's work to ensure proper scaling was done because that is what a "dental cleaning" is supposed to do.
4	first visit today.. so far so good.nicely decorated and clean waiting room and friendly staff.
5	Extremely friendly and  knowledgeable staff!  This was my first time at Boston Dental, the front office staff answered all my questions and were so helpful with my new insurance.  The dentist went over every issue with my teeth and offered solutions to any and every major or minor detail.  Then the cleaning was exceptional!!  I would recommend this office to all!
5	1st dental appointment today and very pleased. I didn't have to wait long. Front desk was prompt.  Kristian took my xrays with lightning speed. Dr. Utley was very personable, precise,  and professional.  He even did my filling right away instead of making me come back another day. He took the time out to answer all my questions and explain what needed to be done on my teeth. Overall,  I am happy with my first experience with Boston Dental. Hopefully they keep up the good work.2nd Visit June 4th:Vicki and Tysa did an Excellent job on my teeth cleaning.  It was fast and painless. They were very friendly and patient answering my countless questions. I highly recommend them.I like the location and the decor is great. I just wish they had WiFi.  The staff was a little stand-offish at first, but by the end of my appointment they were all very accommodating and welcoming. I would recommend this dental office.
1	Great place, great people, just poorly managed, especially with insurance policies.  The later overshadows the other two so much it makes for a bad experience.
2	I'm disappointed.I did get my tooth pulled for $175 but only because I was desperately in pain. In my opinion the front office staff wasn't very good. I came in person a few days prior to get the appt and they waited until 8 minutes after my appointment was supposed to start to call and verify. Like another horrible dentist office they didn't do it right, but at least at this place  the manager was there to help. After an hour and a half we found out I have a dental provider in my home state so I had to pay cash. Why couldn't this had already been done. Overall it was a negative experience and would not recommend. Biggest issues are the office staff... Never again.
