4	Ensign Family Medicine is an excellent primary care physician's office.  Whether its an appointment with the doctor or physician's assistant, they allow as much time as you need to discuss your medical issues and feel comfortable.  And they do a good job discussing the treatment options available.  The staff also does a great job of remembering who you are when you come back for the next appt.  Finally, if you're having surgery or a major medical issue, the office does a great job coordinating and communicating with the specialty doctors (which is a rare trait in Vegas).My only complaint is the wait time, but I have yet to find a doctor's office in Vegas that keeps its appointments on time.
2	Dr. White himself is a great doctor and truly cares for his patients....his staff however is beyond ridiculous.  We have experienced, on four different occasions, the inability to get return phone calls from his billing department, his nurse, anyone on his staff trying to answer questions about a serious condition, a medical test that needed to be taken, and even just drug refills.   If you expect to have some sort of customer service this is not the practice for you.  They have now lost our family as patients.
4	I had a good experience her with the PA. I saw a PA student and a PA. They were both very nice and took their time with me. They refilled my prescriptions and what was nice was they have a QUEST lab on premises so I was able to get my blood work done. The office staff was able to make me an appointment quickly which was great, no month wait here!They were timely which I really appreciated and seemed to generally like their jobs!
1	I have been trying to get some answers from Dr. White's nurse for weeks now. I've tried calling her directly, the billing department and have left messages with the office staff. How can you have a doctor's office that doesn't ever answer the phone?? They have lost another customer. Terrible customer service.
4	There is a lot of good and some bad about this office.  Let me start off by saying that Jeaninne the PA has literally changed my life and I will always recommend this place based on her alone.  She is really wonderful, and when she's in the room with you, she does not rush and try to move on to the next patient.  She takes time to talk to you, and I find her a bit eccentric (in a good way!), which makes me feel very comfortable with her.  This is a teaching office, so they will sometimes have student doctors in there, but they will ask you if you are OK with it before they come in and you can always decline if it makes you uncomfortable.Two annoying things that made me take away a star:1.) Like other reviews on here, it's true that they never answer the phone.  You have to leave a message even to just schedule an appointment, and sometimes they don't call back for hours.2.) THE WAIT.  I have been here three times, and two of the times they have been over an hour late.  Today my appt was at 11:45, but I didn't see the doctor until 1:00.  They seem to overbook themselves, so if you are planning on running in on your lunch hour for a quick check in, that ain't going to happen.But if you can get past the wait time and just bring yourself a book to read, the doctors here are really professional and knowledgeable and life changing.
1	Worst service I've ever had in my life! Horrible and unprofessional. Don't bother here!!
4	I've been a patient of Jeannine Oliver's for about 4 years now. I really like her. She always pays good attention to detail, and listens carefully to what I say. She never passes off my symptoms as being "all in my head" like some doctors say when they don't know what to do with a patient. She is funny, personable, and doesn't rush. I've never had a problem with not being answered when I call. I've never had to leave a message just to make an appointment. The medical assistants are nice and professional. I've seen much worse at other offices. The only problems I have are that, once I'm in an exam room, I have to wait at least 20 minutes before I am seen by Jeannine. I also do not like that the MAs are required/allowed do so many diffferent things, like X-Rays and EKGs, that they may not be properly trained to do. At my cardiologist, EKGs are done fast and easily. Here at Ensign, their machine is older (I think) and the medical assistants don't seem to be very experienced with the procedure, making it somewhat painstaking. I just moved across town, but I will still drive 25 minutes to get here, because I don't want to switch doctors.
5	I have been coming here for years, since before they moved from Durango/Flamingo, and I have always loved this place. I made my husband go when his equilibrium was off.I can always get an appointment when ever I need one-one time I called the night before and landed a 7:45am appointment next day...good thing too, I had a hives breakout and didn't want to go to quick care.I used to see Dr. White till Janine came in, now I see her.I have had a variety of procedures done here and I just love this place. I have never experienced the bad things previously mentioned.
2	I'm a little behind submitting a review for this office. I've been on the search for a good PCP since my old Doc relocated to the Northwest. I've been in on two occasions to see PA Max Smith and I have to say I really liked him personally. The office staff however is one of the worst I've dealt with. Almost impossible to get through to someone when you call, to get a return call, or get any information at all. They had test results for over a week without calling me (claimed they called but I think that's total BS.)  I had to follow up ... and follow up... and follow up... and in the end - it was just more frustration than it was worth. I will go someplace else.
5	Great office, friendly staff, max is great, he takes all the time you need to see what's going on, appointments are easy to schedule, have not met dr white or the other woman who works there alongside max and dr white but I've heard great things, highly reccomend this practice.
4	We no longer go here, but I wish we could.  We moved out of state a year ago and still cannot find an office to meet our needs.  When we first moved to Las Vegas, we took the kids to pediatrician at Southern Hills, but when they moved to NW we decided to look into a family practice close to Mountain's Edge where we lived..  This is office was perfect because my hubby only wanted a male doctor and reading Dr. White's Bio,  they had Hawaii to talk about.  My hubby has white coat syndrome and he really felt comfortable with Dr. White.  I also liked that I could see Jeaninne for my woman issues.  She is a great listener and takes her time.  They also took care of my 3 little ones, including the birth of my third.  Dr. White came to visit us in the hospital twice and when my OB overheard Dr. White was our doctor he said he really liked Dr. White.  I love my OB because he delivered my two boys VBAC and it was nice to hear him confirm what we already knew, that Dr. White and staff are great.  We even brought my baby for his 9 month well check after we moved because we hadn't found a new pediatrician yet.  I'm taking away one star for the same reasons already mentioned - wait times and return calls.  I thought i had mastisis and they gave me a same day appointment, but after 45 minutes past my appointment time, I had to leave because i had my newborn with me and didn't want to wait with other sick people in the office.  I know we won't find the sayme dynamics as this office in San Jose, but I'm trying out a new Dr. tomorrow and already found a great pediatrician for my kiddos.  I think we went to Ensigm Family for 3 years and didn't mind the students.
1	This place is ridiculous! First of all you have to wait a month or more just to make an appointment with a physician assistant instead of the actual doctor. Then when you ask how long it will be for an appointment to see the actual doctor, they tell you "he's not taking new patients". Do not even try to go to this place if you need immediate medical care!
1	So I'm an established patient for 2 years due to a change I made to my health plan. I thought the change would help my family stay healthy. Dr. White is our primary care doc, nice guy. We've also seen Jeanine and Max, both also very nice. Office staff is nice as well. Here's my problem, same day sick is extremely difficult to get in. No one schedules an illness. Well visits are lucky to be made a week in advance, more likely 2 or more. It's fantastic that the office is busy. That means good docs and service. The waiting is crazy though. I got lucky today, there was a cancellation. Needless to say I'll be making a change come open enrollment time.
4	I've been coming here for several years.  I have seen Dr. White, Max Smith, and Jeanine. I mainly come in for my annual physical exam and bloodwork.  They are very detailed and hygienic inside this office.  And I love not having to drive anywhere else for blood work or for xrays.A few years ago I fell on my wrist and thought nothing of it.  Yet, a few days later I couldn't even wash my hands without pain in my left hand.  I immediately called and made an appointment because I knew something was wrong.  They got me in on the same day.  And what was nice, Dr. White sent me straight to the xray before even seeing me, which cut down on my wait time.  Thank God it was only a strain and not a fracture.Yet, I noticed it was still painful several days later so I came back in.  My hand was still swollen (I could barely get my ring off my finger and usually it is so loose on me).  Max noticed bruises on my arm and asked about those in a concerned fashion.  I was pleased with how they were concerned, but those who know me well, know I bruise easily and often don't even know where I get my bruises from.I rarely get sick, or at least sick enough to require medical treatment that isn't all natural, so I don't even know if I have been to this office for any "sick" visits, however a few months back I had a nasty skin infection.I went to a place for threading that apparently wasn't the most hygienic.  I had this bad infection on my face and even my lip was swollen from the infection.  I called and they once again got me in on the same day.  I saw Jeanine this time.  I told her I think I had a skin infection and just one look and she confirmed my suspicions.  It was severe enough to require two antibiotics, one oral and one topical.  I still have some discoloration on my skin, but it is starting to fade.  I also told Jeanine that I was going to Mexico and she wrote me a prescription for antibiotics to take down there in case I got the dreaded diarrhea.  The only reason I am not giving 5 stars is because I sometimes have a hard time getting a hold of the drs for a medical question.  For instance, I needed a good doctor for that annual female exam and no one returned my call, so I had to use Google, and thank God I think I found the best dr. in the valley for that aspect.  I don't know if Dr. White has ever returned a call to me, so I'm not too certain that his assistant gives him messages.  I just hope they get their patient portal working again, because he did return emails.
