4	Excellent carry out-always fresh and hot. I appreciate the reusable carry out containers. Family has tried the buffet and gives great reviews.
3	Avoid the buffet. Stuff sitting out a long time lacks the freshness and has been poked at by too many people.This is just a generic american style chinese/cantonese type semi-fast food restaurant. Ordering off the menu provides serviceable but uninspired food. You probably won't find too many Chinese people eating there.
3	I ate here for dinner, on a personal recommendation. I'm giving it two and a half stars but will try to give it a shot during lunchtime. For those familiar with the buffet scene in Dane County, eating here made me nostalgic for Taste of Asia buffet on E. Washington that closed down several years ago. Now that was a buffet. Oysy comes close, but maybe this review isn't the space for me to dwell on other restaurants' quality. The mussels with creamy white sauce on it was ok, so was the battered shrimp. Eggs food young was so so.  I liked the chow mein. The egg drop soup was especially yellow.  I didn't eat at the dessert aisle, by then I was just stuffed.  The wait staff was friendly and so was the youngish looking kid behind the cashier. My fortune cookie was meaningful, so I'll take with me a good memory and the antacid.
4	Good, reliable Chinese food. I usually order take-out. Nice Chinese family runs the business, but not everyone who answers the phone is a fluent English speaker. No big deal; just order by menu number. Love the General Tso's chicken (mild), the special combination sweet and sour chicken, and the crab fried rice.
1	My girlfriend was physically there to order food for carry out. Food was given to her got back to her place to find out the order was wrong. Called to tell them the order was wrong which they agreed they were wrong. They wouldnt deliver the order we had to go to get it...Fine, whatever. I went to get the correct order to which when I got there they told me I needed to bring back the old food. To which I highly disagreed. There was no reason they couldn't just give me the food. It was their mistake to begin with, she was physically there and the only one there, and they gave us the wrong food. Yet still I had to bring back the incorrect order. I sat and argued with them for 5 minutes about how it was their mistake, we had been there twice and still didn't have the problem resolved. Came, picked up the food and went back for a refund. There is no reason it should have resorted to that. They can't sell the food, can't bring it back to the kitchen for sanitary reasons(unless super shady and to which a health inspector would shut them down). Didn't even taste the food but don't need to after the way I and my girlfriend were treated
3	Stopped there last night after driving by many times in the past to get some food to go.  Not the best Chinese food I have ever had but it was pretty good!Seemed to be well organized considering the amount of carry out orders that were picked up while I was there.Decor isn't the best... wall decor lights not plugged in, burned out light bulbs...yet the place was brightly lit.  Friendly but I am not a fan of staff wearing jeans at any restaurant but that is just my opinion as is all of this.Over all I will be stopping back to try many other things on their extensive menu.
3	Have eaten at the buffet many times. Decent enough selection and my kids love it. Good soups. Have not had good experiences with carryout - with large flabby pieces of chicken and bland sauces that vary little whatever you order, fried rice is soggy and pale (tho seems fine on the buffet).. Spicy orders never are. They do not deliver. Will stick with the buffet!
4	Been eating there for years. Food is very good. Typical buffet.  Great carry out .  Excellent service.Lots of shrimp and great egg rolls Like any buffet, like the word buffet,  timing is important.  Get there when they are busy and get the fresh, hot food dishes.Glad to have them locally
4	Very good.  A typical buffet. Get there when they are busy for the freshly prepared dishes.   Not the same as Imperial Gardens on University Ave as in the special spices.Still a great place to eat.
1	Stay clear of the buffet. We stopped for lunch and almost everything was cold and rubbery. We also ordered the wonton soup which was salty and we ordered a shrimp dish and some of the shrimps were mushy and others were cooked normal. We would not go back.
