5	This is a great coffee shop tucked away somewhere in the Mirage.  The coffee is done well, the pastries are delicious, and it is designed to have an inviting, relaxing feel.  A great place to take a breather from walking all around the Strip, or gambling :D  Since's it's away from the casino floor, there's also a lot less noise.  A nice break from the Starbucks that are ubiquitous in every casino.
2	Really rude woman at the register informed us that they were out of orange pekoe as if it was an affront to her. Otherwise, the decor was really cute - lots of teapots in various shapes and sizes on the walls. The pastries were overglazed, as most pastries are on the Vegas strip. The coffee was OK, and the tea OK once we got something they actually had in stock.
3	The coffee au lait here is good value for your money at $2.25, everything else is really overpriced ! However, to fix your coffee craving, this little coffee shop will do :)
3	Nice selection of breakfast items and pretty good coffee. Expect a line in the mornings, but it moves pretty quickly.
3	Need a cupcake while staying at the Mirage in Las Vegas?Head towards the cash register in this shop and to your right you'll see some pretty and might I add tasty cupcakes. Was about to buy a $6.50 slice of carrot cake and to my surprise there was a carrot cake cupcake for $3.00+. The cupcakes are displayed kind of at a blind spot. They also had red velvet and vanilla.
2	Yuck! If you are in search of a water downed mocha and sub par coffee of the day this is your place!On the other hand, the baked goods are a hit and bump this place up to two stars. Check out the cookies, the cupcakes and the pies as big as your head. Enjoy!
3	Aria has its own coffee shop near the entrance from the self-parking garage called The Roasted Bean. Although this is the same Roasted Bean brand as it is in the Mirage (hence it was carried over), I find this to be a little bit nicer. Perhaps because it is newer, and perhaps because they charge more but the pastries / muffins and the coffee here just taste better for some reason despite being only a few doors away from the Mirage.The coffee is expensive, two soy lattes (one small, one large iced) will cost you a whooping $13+ some change. If you want a muffin, it will cost you $4+ some change. This is not a place for the light hearted coffee drinker. You have to love. your. coffee. and need it badly enough to pay for it here when you can easily find an Illy in Palazzo or Coffee Bean in the Venetian. However, the staff was friendly, the coffee was good (they serve Illy coffee here ... "premium" I suppose) and despite the price, no complaints.
3	I was starving and got a croissant.... for $4. )= But it was damn tasty. Perfectly flakey with a slight sugar glaze on top.
4	Giant desserts and sandwiches are excellent. Definitely worth the wait in line and a good stop before going to see a Terry Fator show. This is also a good spot to grab a bite after having fun at the pool too. In the near future, this will be the place to be seen across from the yet to be opened Kardashian Khaos store. The only thing I would suggest is a new drink refill policy. Charging the same amount for a refill of about $3, at the time of this review, is too much.
2	What better way to cure a hangover than by swinging by here and enjoying an overpriced iced coffee. What's that? You like to sit in line for a while while they half assedly (that's not really a word I know) toast your bagel? Well come on down to Roasted Bean?Argh. Ok. This place really got me mad. It has a fancy shmancy facade, but the damn food was barely good. I waited in line for about 15 minutes to get my order in. They got me some iced coffee and a toasted bagel. The coffee was so terrible that I had to dump four bags of sugar in it. If course it was iced, so none of it dissolved. The bagel was at most heated. Not even toasted .It was warmed. Damn it. A warmed bagel. RAGE! Dunkin doughnuts is half the cost and twice as good.
5	ive only had it here once, but roasted bean the best choco crossaint in vegas!!  much better than the one i had at bouchon's to-go counter in the venetian.
2	If I'm going to pay $3-4 for a bagel and $1 for each tiny packet of cream cheese, the bagels should be freakin' toasted. What a waste of a jalapeno cheddar bagel! Damn. It would've been so good if it was warm and toasted. "Oh, but they're fresh." Fresh my ass. Maybe they were, but after sitting in that refrigerated display case, they were cold and somewhat hard.
3	Its difficult to review The Roasted Bean, since I only had a yogurt, fruit cup, and non-fat chai latte. I really didn't try anything they "baked", but everything did look good. So I will only base this on the chai latte and staff. Booth were good - nothing out of the ordinary :-)
2	The location is ideal for hotel guests to grab a quick pastry or sandwich and to grab a cup of coffee. The decor is inviting with lounge chairs, sofas, and tables. WIth that said, service left a lot to be desired. We were welcomed in line with a "what can I get for you." No "hello," or "welcome," just a curt "what can I get for you." Also, the bean counters at MGM have decided that buying a bagel does not warrant getting any spreads. My friend had to pay .25 cents extra for peanut butter and jelly, which they won't even put on for you. All in all, The Roasted Bean is a convenient coffee/pastry shop for Mirage hotel guests. If your not staying at the hotel, your not missing out on much.
3	the roasted bean is located inside the mirage, near the secret garden at the exit going towards the cesar forum shops.  the walls are decorated with lots of neat tea pots, which reminded me of the mad hatter tea party scene from alice in wonderland.  i got an iced mocha, and it was not bad.  i wanted to try the desserts, especially the cupcakes.  it's convenient to get some last minute energy before hitting up the strip
2	Ridiculously overpriced!  3 drinks and 2 pastries was $30.  Jeebus!!  The selection of pastries and sandwiches in the case do look delicious but really everything just tasted meh, nothing special.  I guess if you're hung over and don't want to leave City Center then you dont have a choice but to go here.
4	Best Chocolate Croissant in Vegas.Cheaper than the $6 a pop abomination at Jean Phillipe's that tastes like it came out of a budget bakery.  More distinctive than the equivalently priced choc croissant at Baguette Cafe, a place I recommend highly.It is flaky, buttery, and has a slight sweetness that highlights everything right with this croissant.  The ratio of croissant to chocolate is very nice as well.The service was excellent when I was there and the prices in general not out of line with just about anything else on the strip, but it is in a tourist trap, so if you're expecting to not have to pay through the nose, you're delusional.
3	We came by here on our way to see LOVE.  We both got the Chai Tea and it was really good.  The seating was ample and was a very comfortable setting to pass 20 minutes or so.  The service was good but the drinks were a bit on the high side...but of course it's Vegas so what can you expect.  I would come here for coffee/tea if I was staying in the hotel but the food items didn't look too impressive so I would pass on those.
2	This would be a place to go to if you have to have your coffee right then and there.  Service isn't so great although they do have many pastry selections.  I didn't try any of it so I can't vouch for them.  Their coffee isn't good.  Maybe they didn't make my espresso the way i wanted.
3	They had a decent cup of coffee.  I enjoyed it.  They had a lot of interesting looking pastries, muffins and cookies that looked good but I only got a cup of coffee.  Pretty fast service but they were a little disorganized for a little bit.
3	Carrot cake. Delicious. Hot chocolate with soy... not so much. There was a slight chocolate flavor, but nothing rich or tasty. I don't expect over-powering chocolate flavor, but it just lacked.Now, the carrot cake was delicious. You definitely tasted the cream cheese in the frosting, not my preference, but it was definitely thick and heavy for frosting. The cake itself was decently moist. There was a hint of carrot flavor, but not enough.There's a decent selection of desserts and muffins. All of them looked very uniform, and almost processed. But, maybe that's just good quality control.
3	The Vegas strip is expensive. Dur. So when you need a quick bite, a cup o' joe, a croissant, etc. The Roasted Bean is a decent choice. The Good: A nice selection of baked goods plus fresh fruit, oatmeal, coffee, juice, etc. The staff were all quite efficient and polite. The oatmeal I had tasted much more like cereal, as the barista suggested cold milk instead of hot. Regardless, the blueberry granola oatmeal was tasty. Plus, I appreciate the cream machines near the napkins! The Meh: The coffee was decent - but frankly I've had much, much better and I'm no joe connoisseur. And overall, these eats & drinks are still pricey, but hey, welcome to Aria.
3	Food was decent. Located in the promenade of Aria, next door to Monte Carlo. Great if you want a quick breakfast or a light snack in the afternoon. Had the yogurt parfait, chocolate croissant, and glazed donut. Food was decent, nothing spectacular for the price you're paying. Still came out to almost $20. $4 for a donut?? Ridiculous! Yet it is one of the cheaper food places to eat in Vegas. ProsGreat place to grab food if you're on the runConsTables, but no chairs
3	This is a solid place to grab a coffee in the morning or pastry in the afternoon if you're staying at the Mirage. I'd rather go here than Starbucks next door in TI. Friendly service, strong coffee, and tasty pastries. Would more coulda want?
3	Yeah, it's pretty expensive. Welcome to Vegas!I just came here for a bagel and chai when I was staying at The Mirage for a quick breakfast before I started another day walking around the strip. The chai was really good, the bagel wasn't amazing but tasted fine enough. I think for the price you pay, they should spread the cream cheese for you, but whatever.This is a good option if you want a quick breakfast. The line for the Dennys across the street was INSANE-skip that. Grab a bagel and coffe and you're good to go.
3	If you need a quick meal, this place will work. They are efficient.
3	I decided to go for a "cheap" breakfast one morning at the Aria.  The coffee and muffin were quite good, but of course they were overpriced.  It isn't a surprise as you pay a premium for anything around there, but you can save a couple bucks by walking over to the food court in the Monte Carlo.  Of course you're in Vegas, so you might as well just throw your money around anyways, particularly if you're winning (and who isn't in Vegas?)
4	We were at a conference and were in desperate need of caffeine. Starbucks was a bit of a walk, so we stopped by the Roasted Bean. Although they are not quite Starbucks (I don't think many places compare), they do have a nice selection of drinks and sweets, and very good tasting coffee. It hit the spot and did the job! They are a little crowded in the morning (not surprising), so be prepared for a wait!
3	This is a quick fix coffee shop.The prices are high, but as expected when in Vegas.  The cookies and snacks are tasty.  I haven't tried their coffee though.
3	Prices are pretty high, especially for the spiked coffee, even when you can just get booze for free in the casinos right next to this place.Well, I guess I just really wanted my spiked coffee....they did add quite a bit of irish cream into my coffee, so I can't really complain, can I?
3	Like everyone else has reviewed, it's pricy.  I will say though that the service is friendly and efficient, and the coffee is great.  I had a cranberry-orange scone and that was surprisingly really, really good.  It had a ton of dried cranberries on it and was lightly iced.The location is perfect for anyone staying at Aria.  It's a bit of a walk from the guest elevators but not too far.  And even better news- a Starbuck's is opening up this spring close to the gym, so now there will be more than one place to get your caffeine fix!
2	I stopped by here this morning by myself for a coffee.  This coffee place was advertised as one of the three coffee options inside of Aria and so I figured that I would give it a chance.  It is right near the back entrance to the Aria and the sports book.  Its a fairly small space with a couple of display cases, although curiously only 1 was being used whenever I was there, and then two tables.  Whenever I looked up at the menu I was pleased to see that the prices were about a dollar cheaper here than on the other side of the casino at Jean Phillipe.  I ended up going with my normal morning coffee order which is a large Americano. Sadly I wasn't a fan of it though as the coffee tasted bitter/almost burnt and I imagine the the beans were roasted a little longer than they should have been.The bottom line for me is that I would not stop by here again in the future.  While I was pleased to see it was cheaper than some other places in the casino, burnt coffee is not a way to please your customers.
4	Scones and coffee were good.  They didn't always have bagels in the morning, which was odd.  They directed me to Starbucks, which also didn't always have bagels in the morning either.  Service in the afternoon was friendly and quick.
2	Average coffee at premium coffee prices
