3	Why do baked potatoes smell so good especially when the weather is grey and cold?  The potatoes are here are good, with crispy skin. However, there isn't a great selection of fillings ( we have been spoiled by too much selection in chains!) However, the people who work here are friendly.
3	I defy you not to walk past Potatoland, at any time of day, smell the smell of delicious baking potatoes and not feel instantly hungry.I do feel sorry for Potatoland though, I have only ever come in here out of convinience - prefering to go to other baked potato based places to eat if the option is available. I think the preblem is that the place just lacks a few little things that could make it so much better. It has few fillings/topping for it potatoes, and the ones that they d have are pretty basic - cheese, beans etc. Its also very 70's when it comes to its decoration - frankly making mke want to take my meal somewhere else for fear of growing a mullet and buying flared trousers.Regardless of this, the potatoes are always really nice, and cheap too. The smell is great too though.
3	If there is one thing which certainly gets the thumbs up from me it is generous portion sizes.  Thankfully Potatoland fufils this essential criterion as they only sell big, man-sized, crispy-skinned, fluffy-centred potatoes.  Both times which I went in my first year I got my potato filled with a generous helping chilli con carne which was delicious and easily sufficed for a lunchtime meal on its own.  There is, however, room for improvement in Potatoland.  Being nestled away deep in the tail end of Clerc Street it is up against serious competition and, in my opinion, it would benefit from several key adjustments.  Inside the place it feels dark, dour and almost cramped.  Further, the selection of fillings just isn't adequate when compared with some of the sandwich shops nearby which are also baying for customers.  Chilli, beans, cheese or tuna mayonnaise were some of the only options available and one can't help but question their lack of imagination.  Nonetheless, Potatoland is a great little business which should be worthy of competing with the best in the area.
3	The baked potatoes from Potatoland became my staple lunch when I was in first year at the University. I find it impossible to resist the delicious potato smell wafting from the shop on my way home . The staff in this shop are efficient and incredibly friendly and didn't make me feel awkward about always going in for food (like some places have!) The baked potatoes are inexpensive and are incredibly welcome on a cold and wet Edinburgh day. There is a reasonable selection of fillings for the potatoes, but the choice is not as expansive as some of the bigger potato shops in the city. It is shame that Potatoland is rather tucked away and at the far end of the busy Nicolson Street as I am sure it would have a much higher trade if it was more central.
3	It took explorers years to finally discover the fabled Potatoland, but now we finally have it marked on our maps. Of course the motivation behind the expeditions was always to find a supply of cheap, convenient, filled baked potatoes, ideal for lunch. And that is just what Potatoland offers.Whats that? You say you want potatoes? Try Potatoland! Truly a land of potatoes. Affordable, crispy jackets filled with filling that oh-so suits a potato.Potatoland at the end of the day is a place where you can satisfy your tattie desires. It's not high end cuisine, but then neither is Finland and look at their visitor numbers.
3	Ah, Tatty-L. One of the wonders of my youth, and still standing today.Excellent wee treat of a takeaway for those looking for a moderately more healthy option. Just a pity they are so out of the way, situated at the tail end of Newington, just round the corner from Los Argentinos and across the road from Reverie.Probably not worth going out your way for but a tasty option should you be in the area, and at affordable prices, with a quick turnaround, you need not ask for more. Toppings are plentiful in options and serving, staff are pleasant and prices reasonable.Good grief, just writing about it's got me hankering for one!
