1	I am no novice in the world of event planning, project management and marketing - actually its my job. I wasn't going to be able to set up decorations for a party I was planning in Vegas and the hotel sent me to this company. Problem #1. The lady who contacted me was nice but didn't listen to any instructions I gave her. I asked her to spend between 20-40$ and she spent 50$. I give her massive credit for adhering to the sketch I sent her about how I'd like it to look - oh wait the hotel concierge did that part... Problem #2, Rather that going to Party City they went to some off-brand party store that clearly charges more. Problem #3, she told me verbally on the phone it was 50$ for purchasing plus whatever merchandise she buys - which was apparently a lie according to her boss. Problem #4 her boss: Robert Cotillo. This man is the biggest JackA** I've ever met, and I'm from California. I call him merely to verify the purchases made and the amount I was charged and he gets defensive immediately. He leaves me a rude voicemail and says "you will not be receiving a discount". I do not want a discount, I want to pay for what I was told I'd be charged. I call him back and this man could not be more rude. Claiming he has "documentation" of everything spent along with my consent...too bad everything was via a phone conversation you idiot. The decorations were lovely and a hit...but totally not worth it to deal with the employee's/owner. I have never had such a horrible experience with a customer service based company. NEVER EVER USE THIS PLACE! I will be calling all the hotels that suggest this company and letting them know of the utter disappointment and lack of respect this company stands for. To add to my complete dissatisfaction, while on the phone with him, quite heated I say I've never dealt with such a dick before, and he says "ma'am you're quite a jack ass too" I'm glad we've reverted to calling each other names. Rule #1 Great customer service: NO MATTER HOW ANGRY THE CLIENT/CUSTOMER IS: NEVER STOOP TO THEIR LEVEL AND CALL THEM NAMES! This man is the trashiest, rudest, most disrespectful person I may have ever met. NEVER EVER USE THIS COMPANY! I WARN YOU KNOW, YOU WILL ONLY BE DISSAPOINTED!
5	I used these guys last April (2013) for delivering corporate tchotkes (25 big duffle bags of pillows and blankets!) plus our personal luggage from the airport to the hotel. They were great--on-time, friendly, competent and not expensive. Rates are stated on website @ $50/hour; we paid $175 (indluding tip) for the whole service. I'm about to use them again, and will update this in May.
5	They were extremely professional, on time...Just an absolute joy.  The nice woman that delivered the package was so wonderful.  Can't get this kind of love in Jersey!
