5	This place is truly as good as it gets:1. Brand new facility if beautiful, peaceful and has a fung shuy feeling to it.  All of the rooms are well lit with natural light from the huge windows that over look a small pond.  Often you can see turtles, fish or ducks in or near the pond by just looking out during class.  It is surrounded by well establish trees that offer nice shade too.2. They off a ton of different types of yoga at various times.3. The staff are super friendly, and the instructors are great at what they do!4. They offer yoga mats, blocks, straps, and blankets free of charge for every class.5. Tons of parking just for the facility aloneI really cannot think of any thing negative about this place.  For me, its the perfect yoga facility.
4	Beautiful new building!  Great new facility that offers various styles of yoga throughout the day.  The staff are super helpful and the instructors provide excellent training.  The windows are in the classrooms open up to a peaceful lake.  Sometimes the ducks can be a little distracting :)  Congrats on the new place!  I can't wait to try another class!
5	Love, Love, Love this studio. I love the people I love the ambiance, class variety and finally the price!  Each studio has windows from floor to ceiling and outside you look at a cute pond with a waterfall.  It's the perfect setting.  I would recommend this studio for all levels.
5	They have really outdone themselves on the space and location of the studio. The floor-to-ceiling windows in every room overlook the splendid park with ducks and geese galore. It's amazing to look out at the park while you're practicing. I love SWIHA, and am so happy they expanded their yoga studio and moved to this location. Everything in the place has the finest of detail in mind. I go to Ann's Wednesday night class regularly, and it's fantastic. The only thing is the studios can get kind of loud at times if other classes are practicing.
5	This place is wonderful. They have wonderful and welcoming instructors who are very focused on making sure everyone in their class is practicing properly and correctly. They really seem to care that you have the best practice possible. Each of the rooms that they hold classes in have a glass wall that faces a beautiful pond that is surrounded by lush greenery and adorably happy ducks. The scenery really adds to my practice. I've never had a bad experience here during my consistent months of attendance.
2	All of the reviews here are so positive! I hate to be the debbie downer, but as the rating of two star means "Meh. I've experienced better", that's where I stand as far as this studio goes. I am not new to yoga, so perhaps I've been spoiled by previous studios. I was new to the valley and the great reviews of Spirit of Yoga led me to give them a try. I should preface by saying that I am more inclined to smaller yoga studios. Pros: The place is definitely beautiful, very large studios with great interior design. The location is nice too, overlooking a small body of water with geese and ducks hanging out. They have a lot of classes at a lot times, so it makes it very convient to work some yoga into your schedule. Cons: The place is busy, that's for sure. When I came for my first class I bought 5 class package, so I could give it a proper try before committing. The front desk was hectic and I was ignored for quite a few minutes before someone paid me any attention. They spoke to me like I should have known what to/where to go/etc. Anyway, I filled out my paperwork and was directed to the class. The room was large and the class was pretty full by the time it started.The instructor led the class but stayed at the front of the class the whole time, which is understandable since it's such a large class not everyone can get personalized attention. However, I did notice that the instructors (in more than one class I attended) never corrected anyone on form, even with just voice instruction. I find this quite concerning because people can injure themselves in certain postures if not done properly. There are no mirrors, which is good and bad, in my opinion. Good because you're not distracted by watching others in the mirrors. But, bad since there were no corrections at least one could observe their body in a mirror to see if they're out of alignment. The next two times I came back for classes the front desk couldn't find my paperwork or proof that I paid for the class. My overall experience here left me wondering what else was out there.
2	I purchased 10 classes w/Groupon and the studio was very close to my house but the yoga classes that I attended were for beginners, all 10 of them.  I am looking for a classes that "pushes" me to explore my edges and instructor adjustments in poses.  It is kinda like  a "training" facility, lots (lots!!!) of classes taught by people getting their certificate , that is what I found out, the studio is beautiful but the difficulty of the classes and the schedule of times is not for me.  It is hard for me to "carve" time to take a yoga classes that is just about "easy" poses and breathing.  I have been practicing yoga for about 3 years and my level is 2/3.
3	I visited Spirit of Yoga through a fitness Groupon that had 5 classes here (and to a bunch of other places). Right off the bat I thought the parking situation was confusing between the office spaces, the bank and the sweet tomatoes, very few spots were free to take for the Yoga studios.Spirit of Yoga has some great positives and some not-so-great attributes. On the plus side, their Ashtanga class is very very cool. The teachers are very dedicated, the class is fast-paced but long in duration and they go above and beyond to continuously push your body instead of staying in a comfy-beginner level state. I also love that one of its rooms has an all window side, facing a really beautiful garden/reflecting pond where people meditate, ducks swim around and there is a real feeling of peace. It looks like the perfect place to get your 'zen' on.Unfortunately its quite hard to get any Zen in you, when all the students (coming out of classes or whatever the hell they are doing) are noisy as hell. You hear them running around, conversing extremely loudly, heating up their food (microwave buuuuzzzzz) and eating. I guess the "shhh" sign outside the individual yoga rooms must mean something else, cause it felt like I was at a high school in the middle of recess. And it was like this every single time, without fail. Either the walls/doors are paper thin or they have built-in microphones outside, but the level of noise was so distracting and so disrespectful that it completely took away from the yoga experience.Short version: great teachers, cool classes, horrible noise. Take that as you will and best of luck!
5	I have been practicing yoga here for three years or so. LOVE everything about it - beautiful rooms and views and extraordinary teachers. I could not recommend it any homer highly! You will,feel like a different person when you are finished!
5	My husband is really inflexible, so I wanted to have him learn some easy yoga poses. SoY has an intro class open to the public on Saturday morning called Sun Salutation, so we went to that class a couple times (now SoY caps free attendance at 3 classes). Although it does not "transform" your body, it teaches some basic breathing techniques, meditation, and yoga poses. I also went to a student-taught class one time, which I quite enjoyed. I am always impressed by SoY's beautiful facility and feel instantly peaceful whenever I walk inside. SoY does a terrific job promoting and teaching yoga as a way of life and offers opportunities for people to explore before seriously committing to a membership. The class sizes are also quite small from what I have seen, and I have never felt it is trying hard to sell spots and cram people inside the classroom. Too bad I no longer live in Tempe. Among the things I miss about Tempe, SoY is one of them.
5	You HAVE to try off the wall yoga -- it's amazing!!! Especially if you are inflexible.  The straps off the wall totally help you stretch deeper into the poses and doing inversions on the wall is way too much fun!!! Outdoor yoga is also phenomenal!!! This is one of my favorite studios!!!
5	I attended SOY both as a yoga student, as well as a teacher in training...Wow. This is real Yoga!All teachers are well-trained and provide an inner self/spiritual "workout" that actually makes you forget about how hard they kick your physical bootie! ;) (until your feeling it the next day anyway).If you're serious about practicing yoga, in one of the ways it was truly meant to be practiced and not just get the typical "sweat" and "stretch" like some centers, I highly suggest SOY.  You might even stop yourself next time you go to swat a fly! "Namaste".Definitely for real Yogis & Yogini wannabes without all of the "how do these yoga pants make my butt look" silliness.
5	Im already impressed. The facility is so calm, clean and warm. Being associated with SWIHA affords opportunities for complementary classes occasionally when a class is graduating which makes trying new things so much easier.. Love the location.. So far nothing negative, guess it's that im so consumed with good energy I can't complain :)
5	This is the best yoga studio I have ever attended! And I have practiced yoga for 12 years - extraordinary teachers in a divine location - classes are held in rooms overlooking a pond complete with a fountain, turtles and ducks. The community is wonderful as well, and this is a teaching studio. So lots of youth, beauty, kindness and acceptance! Highly recommend!
5	I had been away from yoga for quite awhile when I found Spirit of Yoga in Tempe. As someone who was spoiled rotten by the fabulous At One Yoga years ago, I knew after the first class that I had made the right choice for my re-introduction to the asanas. It's a beautiful, peaceful place with three classrooms and great views of the park and pond (and ducks and turtles). There are classes for all levels, attentive instructors, very cool music (always a plus) and screaming deals on classes. It's a teaching studio, so complementary classes are also available from students working toward their certification. If you love yoga or want to learn more about it you owe it to yourself to experience Spirit of Yoga.
4	I went to Spirit of Yoga for the first time today and I was teetering between a 3 and 4 star. I went with 4 because it's a nice facility, very clean, nice view of a pond (and a strip mall, but I digress...), and the people who worked here were friendly. My class today was free since it was my first class and I was excited to try a wall yoga class (if you haven't heard of wall yoga, and I hadn't, it's yoga using a wall with adjustable straps as your 'prop'). The class was alright.... not exactly what I expected, but ok. The teacher was nice and adjusted us, which I liked, but seemed to be looking up each pose in a book before instructing it... that was a little worry- inducing (since we were hanging off a wall and all...). We used the wall to get a better stretch in each pose, which I liked, but none of it was terribly challenging (it wasn't what I would consider a 'good workout') and it wasn't very 'spiritual' either.... I felt like the yoga was a little lost in this class. Additionally, the straps are very uncomfortable on your (or at least my...) skin... My friend and I both left with red marks/bruises on our wrists from the straps. It was fun to hang upside down, though, and my friend said her back felt a lot better after the class than it had before. I would say my biggest complaint about the class was that it didn't feel like what we were doing would help my general yoga practice (for example, some of the adjustments and poses would not be possible without the wall in the way they were instructed.... I kinda wish that when we were upside down he would have instructed hand placement for if we were to be in a handstand or forearm stand so it would have helped with an off the wall pose... but maybe that's just me) I would like to come back here to try other (non wall) classes and like that they offer free student lead classes several times a week. I'll be back to check that out for sure.
5	Love the energy and tranquility. As a student and yoga teacher in training an amazing place to start my yoga journey.
5	I was in town yesterday, so I decided to try out a new yoga studio.  This one was excellent!  I loved the feeling of the building; it was beautiful.  The room that we had class in had a huge wall of windows that looked out to the pond and trees.  The instructor was right in front of the windows, so we were looking out at this scenery whenever our eyes were open.The instructor, David, was a sub yesterday.  I am not familiar with the regular instructor, but I really enjoyed David's class. When I first walked in, I felt like I was one of the least advanced students in the room.  I forgot all about that once David began teaching.  He was funny, understanding, and excellent at guiding us into the correct posture.  He had humorous stories that lead us into new places.  I kept smiling, even when the pose was challenging.Thank you for the class!  I hope to be back soon.
5	The most beautiful yoga studio I have ever visited.Being that this yoga studio is coming from SWIHA, its got all the SOUL connected to it. I am so happy to have set my feet on this place. There is a beautiful pond next to it with fishes and duckies...After enrolling at SWIHA, and took some classes here, I was so inspired to take the Yoga teachers training course. Thank you KC for your vision, and for making SOY happen, creating a army of lightworkers for this world!!!Anyone who values health in body, mind, and spirit should not hesitate to take some classes here, you will be transformed!!!
