2	No milk for the coffee. Only cream. No wonder everyone is fat. Get my coffee, and it's half full. Awesome. All in all, all Micky D's in Vegas suck.On a side note, the new oatmeal is pretty damn good.
5	HOW SAD! If you yelpers don't give Mcdonalds 5 stars you are on crack this place is Gods gift to the world! Long live the Big Mac!
3	I love McDonald's... Duh but I'm eating my mcchicken and the bun is hard which usually happens after 9pm anyways! Oh well I also ordered Big Mac and 20 pc. Chicken nugget... When we got to the window I asked for various sauces including an "Asian sauce" but the guy at the window took total offense and copped an attitude with me. He asked if I meant sweet chili sauce?? I felt like I may have upset him for some reason (but we are all ppl and I wouldn't have been insulted if he asked me for white sauce!! LoL) so I said sorry and that I meant the Kung pao sauce. But he said that didn't exist and was a dick! I'm glad I didn't ask for gay sauce. Ha! Dude come on. Ppl r ppl. It is what it is!!
1	This place is infamous for having a rude cashier and not having things in stock. Complaints to management here go on deaf ears. I go out of my way to go to the one on Durango cause of so many bad experiences here- this location really gives the brand a bad name!
1	I'm drunk, I come here and order a hot and spicy ( sub The mannaise  with Mac sauce) and 2 breakfast burritos. Tell me why I didn't get any hot and spicy??? What the fudge???
1	Quarter pounder was really dry and bun was like a cardboard. Had to wait for workers to stop playing around in the back so someone could refill our sweet tea because they we out at the refill station. Only gave it one star because the place was clean.
1	Worst McDonald's I have ever been to. I never write bad reviews but I have to let this one out. I keep coming back because it's the closest to me and I've been hoping that eventually they will get my order right, but I've gotten to the point where I would drive 10 miles for a better service. I had to drive back three times for one order one night, the drive thru takes forever, the staff never takes the right order and the food is always hit or miss. It's pretty ridiculous. I don't expect 5 star service from McDonald's but damn this place has driven me CRAZY!!! Good luck all.
1	Idiot at the counter forced me to buy a quarter pounder with cheese because he didn't understand what "buy one get one ANY large sandwich" meant. - and the picture happened to show a pic of a quarter pounder. Yet also says valid for product of equal or lessor value...so twice exhibiting that you can buy any large sandwich and get one free. See picture attached to review.1 star
4	I'm definitely a fan of this McDonald's tucked on the side of a Terrible's gas station and convenience store.  Before it's gone, I had to get one of their seasonal egg nog shakes.I drove here from Wally World and parked directly in front of the door.  There were a few people at the drive through and a few inside the McDonald's itself.The counter person came quickly and took my order.  I paid and stood aside while she made the shake.  It was quickly given to me and it was good.  One of my few (that's a joke) bad holiday habits.I was soon on my way happily sipping this sweet goodness and already plotting to stop for just one more before they're gone.
