4	Hilton generally has a good reputation.  And this place was consistant.  Price was good, room was nice and people were friendly.  4 out of 5 stars peeps!
5	We enjoyed our stay in our Hilton suite very much this past weekend. Very friendly front desk staff, although they were about the only ones we saw there. It was a ghost town! The room was exceptionally clean and beautifully upgraded. The king bed was luxurious to say the least. Wonderful sheets, down comforter, down pillows. The suite was a 550 square foot, one bedroom. It had everything you could want.  We didn't eat or drink in the hotel but the restaurant and bar looked nice. One odd thing was that there was an indoor pool (very nice btw) but a little disappointing because we were looking forward to getting some sun... which we did at a nearby hotel... Check out The Clarendon. Very cool. All in all, I'd stay here again with no hesitation.
4	So we arrived at 3:30am to a self-parking experience that was less than favorable. There was little to no direction or guidance as to where to park so we were flying blind. We parked in P2, the underground portion since the 30-ish spots they have right in front were taken. We took the elevators up to ground level to find the doors we needed to go through to get to the hotel LOCKED. It took us 20minutes of wandering around to find another way out and to find the hotel entrance. OH, and did I mention that not 1 of the 3 phone numbers I had were staffed by a live person so we couldn't even call to get advice.30 minutes after arriving, we made it to the front desk. It took us another 45 FUCKING MINUTES before we got a room key. Some dude, resembling a retarded crypt keeper, was trying to help us check in. 15minutes of the crypt keeper staring at the monitor I suggested perhaps he seek assistance. His coworker wasn't much help either and was a complete d0ckle. Neither one of the guys would communicate with us, they just stared and chicken-pecked their keyboards with perplexed looks on their faces. Finally, 45minuites later WITH 0 EXPLANATION OR APOLOGY, we finally received our keys.Once we finally got to our room, everything was awesome. Room was huge... bigger than some of my friends' L.A. apartments. Seriously. Nice LCD TVs in both the living room and the bedroom. Huge, comfortable, clean, fluffy, comfy bed. Large, nice bathroom.Our 2 day stay was nice and we really liked our room. For $79/night thanks to groupon, we felt like we got a good deal.
5	Very nice for the price. We had a suite, and the bedroom had a door that closed. There was also a small microwave and a refrigerator.Room service food was acceptable.Parking is a little hairy, but you get used to it.
4	Stayed here when I traveled for work about a month ago. What I liked:-Really liked the room; bed, separate room for sofa, tv, and mini fridge-free Internet in my room-great rate for a weeknight, just around $100-hotel had a cool interior, open floors, but not loud where you could hear chatter.Why no fifth star:-parking garage is really confusing to navigate-breakfast was a bit expensive, get the buffet, not the menu items.Would come back here since it's close to work and good value for a Hilton.
4	I tagged along on my husband's business trip. The room was clean and the bedroom was separate which is a plus. Flat screen tv in each room another plus. Uber comfy bed...BIG plusWe asked for a crib for our infant and the guy that brought it was super nice. Had dinner at the restaurant downstairs. The food was decent enough - we went mainly  for convenience. Our dinner waitress was super nice and was really helpful.Next time my husband has to come to town again I don't think I'd mind coming along again.
3	The value for this hotel is just about right. The rate I got was $109/night.My hotel room was clean. Or at least, it appeared that way. I had two double beds in my room - one that smelled like someone had thrown up all over it. BLECH. I'm not one to make a big deal about things - so I just opted to sleep in the other bed. Which smelled safe.The thing that drives me up the wall is when I request a non-smoking room and I can still smell cigarette smoke. it could have been my neighbor or the person in the floor above me but the smell was awful.Three stars for all the awful smells. Otherwise this place is fine.
4	Very nice Hilton property.  All suites with living room, bedroom and bath.  Spacious.  Very clean.  Nice furnishings.   Atrium like entry and spacious interior with open all the way to the 11th floor.  Very nice.  Has bar and restaurant in the atrium area.  Nice service.  Front desk personnel very friendly and helpful.  On the light rail line, so no problem getting to and from Sky Harbor airport.
4	What can I say about a place that was my home-away-from-home for about 3 months of last year? I kept coming back on business trips for a few reasons:The location is terrific. At Thomas and Central you are walking distance to some of the best Thai, barbeque, burger, ice-cream, breakfast, steak and deli restaurants the valley has to offer. What's more important is that a light rail stop is right at the corner. Buy a day-pass and you can go downtown to the sports stadiums and concert halls, or even down to old-town Tempe, up to the George and Dragon, Hulu, Maizies, Doc's place or Chars has the Blues, or out to one of my favorite Vietnamese pho place on Apache Blvd.Add to this the quality of the rooms, bedding, and furnishings. All are good enough to make me feel I was being coddled, and good enough to consistently impress.The atrium design of the hotel combined with the breakfast buffet means that at about 6:30 to 7:00 each morning you are softly, sweetly awakened to the aroma of eggs and bacon. There is no sweeter feeling. It's like waking up in your mother's arms.The bar has a cast of regulars who provide local color. They also have bartenders who remember what you had last time, even if you were there only once a month before.The waitstaff is attentive (usually) though there were times at the breakfast buffet when I needed to get my own coffee. By the time that happened i was comfortable doing it myself.So what are the cons? Parking costs about $12 per day in the nearby structure, and getting from there to the elevator can be a bit awkward.  There is also no place to lay out in the sun if that's what you like doing. Otherwise, I could easily consider buying one of the rooms and retiring there.
5	Bartenders Bob & Brian, hands down is the best bar tenders in Phoenix! Great happy hour prices and free pupu's on friday's!
2	Loud, leaking faucet. Lightbulbs out in bedroom. Peep glass in door broken. Just an old Embassy Suites type hotel at a higher rate. I'll stay aMarriott gal.
3	Nice place down the street from my parents house. Although, they are really anal about minor things. & gotta love the window that actually opens on the 20th floor - can I say... suicide waiting to happen for someone? Room service was okay, although the A/C made it cold after 2 mins. Everything else was okay.
4	Was in Phoenix for a softball tournament this past weekend and stayed here cause it was one of the host hotels for the tournament.  Front desk staff were friendly and fast so check in was a breeze.  The room was great. Had 2 double beds in a separate room and a queen size pull out. Beds were comfortable and linens were above normal hotel quality. Bathroom was big...though it contained the closet which was kinda weird. Towels were over sized and very soft. Small balcony was nice.  Parking was in a structure next to the hotel and we never had a problem. Loved the atrium like interior of the hotel. The only cons I can think of were...the elevators were kinda slow....the toilet didn't flush right away and you had to hold the handle down a few seconds....and the hash browns at the breakfast buffet were extremely dry hahahaOver all this hotel is a very nice one to stay at and I would definitely stay here again if I am ever in Phoenix again.
4	Stayed here this past weekend while visiting Phoenix with my boyfriend. Rooms were very clean & pretty modern (except for the dated wallpaper). I think the hotel's located about 10 minutes from downtown Phoenix.Suite had:- Small counter w/a microwave, mini-fridge (actual fridge, not a mini-bar fridge, so you can store your own beverages in it), 2-cup coffeemaker (with coffee, tea, Half&Half creamers & sweeteners) & a teeny-tiny sink- Living room w/leather couch & fabric armchair, kind of flimsy coffee table & a flatscreen TV (Note: Remote was reaaaaally annoying to use b/c there was a 2-3 second delay each time you changed the channel)- Bedroom w/very comfy King bed, nightstands w/an alarm clock on one, a dresser & another flatscreen TV- Very clean bathroom, with 2 doors: 1 leading to living room, 1 leading to bedroom. Oh & must mention that this is also where the closet is. Yes, you read that right: The closet is in ... the bathroom. Huh?? (Closet had ironing board, hangers)Everyone at the hotel was very nice & accommodating, I was always met with courtesy & top-notch customer service everywhere (Front desk, lobby shop, bar/grill, valet, etc).Hotel also had a lobby store (which sells beer & wine, for anyone who'd prefer to have a quick drink or 2 in their room without hitting up a bar), a lobby bar & restaurant, an indoor pool (which I didn't get to try out because I forgot to bring my bikini with me).My only complaints (really minor):- Good yet Cheap Eats: Only place to eat at the hotel (without driving somewhere) was the hotel restaurant. Wasn't very happy with paying $15-$20 for mediocre (but edible) food each time I wanted to get a quick bite to eat. The lobby store had some snacks & Cup o Noodles, but that's about it.- Noise: Since the rooms face the atrium of the hotel, noise sometimes traveled up from the bar area & I was able to hear some loud laughter constantly at night. It wasn't crazy loud & didn't keep me up, but even from the bedroom, I was able to hear it a little. I guess my own stupidity was that I didn't shut the bedroom door, but I guess the comfy bed made me too lazy to do so.- Parking: Is $11/day, which luckily my man & I were exempt from due to a special deal he booked.- Elevators: Only 2 out of the 3 seemed to be working, for the most part they ran ok, but sometimes were a bit slow so there was sometimes a line of people waiting in the lobby for it.- A/C: It was kind of on the cold side in the room, even though I kept raising the temperature, it kept blowing out cool air.- No Safe: Didn't see a safe in the Bathroom Closet (feels weird saying that! haha).Overall though, would definitely stay here again!
4	The staff was incredibly nice and helpful here. They helped my dad print out his boarding pass and provide a free drop off and pick up shuttle service to downtown. The rooms were nice too. I would definitely stay here again.
3	This is a no frills business hotel. The atmosphere, room layout, and style is all designed for the business traveler who wants to pop in for a layover and then head out the next day. If you are planning a family vacation, i wouldn't recommend staying here - go somewhere in Scottsdale instead.Also, this is in downtown Phoenix, and it's really not that exciting...all the good stuff is in Scottsdale.
4	For Honors members, this a great hotel.  It's the same idea as Embassy Suites, but much more modern and well decorated (which i think is why they retained the Hilton brand name with Embassy design).  For gold and diamond members, internet is free (at all Hilton properties), the top two floors are honors floors (quieter with less kids), and preferred parking is available.  The rooms are nice and updated (especially compared to some other US Hilton properties).  With free breakfast and free drinks every night, this place is a great value.  Plus it's on a light rail stop for a 10 minute ride to Suns games and downtown events.
5	Great hotel for business travel. Rooms are suites, open up to an atrium, very clean, very nice front desk staff - made me feel welcome and were very accommodating. Good location, easy to/from airport, and there is a nice gym across the driveway in another building. Would totally stay here again. I'm giving it 5 stars - it's not a Ritz Carlton, it's not a luxury hotel and it's not trying to be. But it's a clean, quiet, easy place to stay with lovely employees. That is why it gets a five.
4	Almost located right in between downtown and the fancy Biltmore district, this Hilton is located in an urban, congested part of town surrounded by a mix of corporate offices and older run down buildings.  I would recommend the hotel and would critique it with the following pro's and con's.Pro's- Beautiful, spacious rooms and beautiful hotel lobby- Great central location- Great for business travel- Friendly and professional staff- Right by the train line if you need public transportation downtownCon's- They charge for parking - They charge for internet use- The hotel property is very nice but the surrounding blocks can be sketchy- The indoor pool is far from remarkable- The hotel lobby takes on the smells of whatever is cooking in the kitchen which can be good or bad depending in what's cooking!  for me, I rather eat bacon than in-hail it.
4	I got customer of the day.....so that certainly helps drive 4 stars.  I am uber picky about hotels because I worked in a 5 star hotel for close to 4 years.  Staff is very friendly.  They offer a free shuttle service (which was very prompt), they have a great bar area that is packed during happy hour, restaurant and they have a merchant shop.  A great value.   Thumbs up.  I will be back.
4	I like this place for business travel.  Within walking distance to lots of cute restaurants.  Good breakfast, comfy beds and quiet nights sleep.
4	Nice rooms and great service. Parking is a little far and the indoor pool is cold.
3	Clean, spacious rooms with friendly staff.  Parking is a little screwy but overall not bad.  In room coffee is terrible.
4	A solid four stars. This place is set up like a embassy suites (maybe it was in a former life) with an open atrium. Nice front counter folks, they were quick to get you checked in. The inside grounds were done up nicely with an eating area and scattered tables where one could work from. The bar was in the back, circular shape with TV's (usually a game on) bar-tenders seemed to remember guests after one visit. Us biz travelers appreciate that. Small outside patio next to the bar. All in all I would definitely come back.
4	Gorgeous hotel. I stayed at this hotel for a work meeting held at the convention center in Phoenix. Our group had a discount at the Hilton Suites. There was a slight mix up with my roommate situation, but the front desk gentleman took care of it with no complaints and no further issues. The bed was comfy and I liked that the bedroom was completely separate from the living room and bathroom. It had a spacious bathroom, but the closet is in there too, so bummer if you're with a roomie who likes long showers and/or bathroom time. There was a small refrigerator and sink in the room.My biggest disappointment was the pool. It's a small U-shaped indoor pool. Not great for laps and it gets crowded very quickly. Not to mention you are on display for the entire hotel while swimming. There was also a small work out room off the pool room. I liked the bar: decent food, drinks, and prices with plenty of seating. The hotel is right off the light rail stop, so it makes it easy to get down town. They also had a shuttle to take you anywhere within 2 miles of the hotel. I found the light rail easier, but there were plenty of people using the shuttle. Bottom line: I'd stay here again and I'm sad I didn't get more time to explore the hotel.
4	I am a very tough critic when it comes to EP hotels.  And, let's just say I would DEFINITELY recommend this hotel to a client if I had to.  The Hilton staff was awesome, helpful and extremely friendly. I was getting a tooth ache from the gal who checked us in who was upbeat and HAPPY to allow us an early check in which was at 8 AM!!! I have never in my whole life been checked into a hotel or resort at 8 AM, b/c that is basically giving a room away for free!  I was super surprised and pleased by this, so it was a great first impression.If you want to shuttle somewhere within 2 miles of the hotel, they will take you for free.  The gentlemen who drove us was incredibly nice, giving us advice and drove us all over the downtown area like our own personal driver.  It was a great experience!When something did go wrong (there was a situation/miscommunication regarding the shuttle pick up) they comped us a dessert and movie as an apology, which we didn't even ask for.  I was blown away again and again by the hotel and especially the staff.Our room boasted a lovely view of the mountains and palm trees, a king bed, two flat screen TVs, an oversized living space and a large bathroom.  For $119/night it was a steal in my opinion.  We stayed two nights and I was sad to leave, to be honest.I would definitely stay here again and truly appreciated the service and staff. Thanks Hilton!
2	I'm actually very shocked this place has managed such good reviews so far.  In fact I was so surprised, I waited to write this review until I'd been here twice. Reading the other reviews, I think their fault lies in their night staff. Try to get there before 6ish to avoid the change-over.My boyfriend and I live in Tucson and like coming up to Phoenix for the weekend.  We usually like to stay at the PHX airport Hilton since most of the time one of us is flying out somewhere. This time, since we were in town for an event, we elected to stay closer to the city. Bad choice. My boyfriend has been an Hilton Honors member for years and stayed in Hiltons all over the world. He said that this hotel has been the worst in terms of service.We got there late Friday night and faced surly staff who mocked us when we asked about parking.  My boyfriend went to park, and I tried to begin the check-in process, but since the reservation was in his name they said they couldn't check us in without him being present. Fine, but by the time he got back (all of 5 minutes), the staff had scattered, and we wound up waiting for another 15 minutes just to get someone to get our key. (The front desk phone had also rung for about 5 minutes with no answer while we were standing there).We finally got our key and got up to the top floor where we were staying.  The hotel has a great view with the open atrium, but the top floor was quite warm compared to the rest of the hotel.  I'd suggest a lower room, especially in the summer.  Unfortunately our room key didn't work. Twice. Three trips to the front desk later we finally got the manager to issue a working key. (The first time I went down, but since the reservation wasn't under my name they wouldn't give me a replacement key even thought I had just been down there 5 MINUTES EARLIER checking in.  Also, they have handy phones each floor next to the elevators, but apparently none of the 3 staff members standing chatting at the desk could come up to give us our third key of the night, even after they couldn't manage to get two working ones.)By the time we finally got in our room, we were too tired to mention the sticky bathroom floor (it looked like someone had spilled a drink of some sort across it and it wasn't cleaned up) or the lightbulb out in the bathroom.  Our second stay we had a great room, but more poor service as we asked them to call us a cab to take us to our dinner reservations, but after 30 minutes (the last 15 standing in front of the hotel after they told us the cab would be there 'any minute') found out they'd 'forgotten' to call it in. Their shuttle would have taken us there, but they never mentioned it. Their bar/restaurant also closes quite early most nights since they shut it down if it is slow, so don't trust the hours they have posted.That being said we did have a lovely experience with their buffet staff going out of their way to help us. The manager there as well as one of their servers not only bent over backwards to get us food and drink (even right at the end of the buffet), but got us brochures and discount coupons for area attractions they thought we'd enjoy.  5 stars for them and 0 for the night staff.  We'll be looking into other hotels to stay in the area.
5	Friendly & sweet service! Spacious rooms! An indoor is a plus in heat of desert metropolis!
4	My husband and I stayed here a while back but I forgot to review them til now. We were in town for a concert and found a great deal on this hotel. The staff got us checked in quickly and even informed us about their shuttle service. The hotel seemed a bit dated but was extremely clean. The location was convenient to downtown and was close to the lightrail. Overall , no complaints and would recommend if the price is right.
4	I stayed here this week for three nights.  The front desk was always very helpful in answering my questions.  I needed to extend my stay an additional night and had no problems doing so.  The hotel is a bit dated but is very clean.  The two room suites are very nice and the bathroom was gigantic.  There was plenty of space to do work, sleep, and not get cabin fever.  The bar had good beer selections and a great happy hour.  The bartenders were very friendly without being meddlesome and even remembered my drink the second night. The hotel was within easy walking distance of a few places, including an Asian fusion restaurant, a breakfast place (The Good Egg), a Starbucks, and a Jamba Juice. The hotel is located near a light rail stop, and the hotel will drive you anywhere within a two mile radius that you need to go to.A few downsides: The restaurant food is mediocre at best, there is no outdoor pool, and wi-fi is not free.
4	I have stayed here many times over the past 8 years while on business trips. It is convenient to my home office location. Service has always been good and the rooms comfortable. It is a good business hotel property. Food has been average to good. It is an indoor atrium type of hotel where all room doors face inward towards the atrium and is 11 floors high.
1	Gays may or may not be admitted. Depends on the front desk clerk.
4	Great Hotel overall. Stayed for a week in late 2010. No complaints. The hotel rooms were amazing, and the bathroom was palatial. Only issue was parking in garage wasnt free, but thats phoenix.  Perfect for a honeymoom, biz stay (my role there) etc.
4	Great hotel. Probably best for business people. It's not surrounded by tourist attractions but it's conveniently located right near public transportation.The decor is nothing noteworthy. I liked the comfortable bed, spacious bathroom, microwave and mini fridge. I've been to hotels that charge hundreds more and didn't even have a fridge or microwave. Breakfast buffet ($12/person) was good.The only thing is, I noticed a few spots that look like housekeeping never cleans them i.e. the shower head and faucets were turning a little green and/or rusty.
2	So disappointed.  My husband and I decided to have a little stay-cation because I am 8 months pregnant with twins.  Upon a riving to the hotel we were under the impression we would be greeted by vallet. Surely one of the great hilton hotels would have someone to park cars on a busy Saturday afternoon.  NO there was no one outside. Secondly the front desk gal was very friendly.  Good greeting she educated me on the package my husband had bought as I checked us in while he was parking the car. After I checkled in  I looked for someone to help me with our bags. Again no one there to help. So With a luggage cart in hand I found the elivator....ok so now you are telling me there is not even someone to help me get this thing to the 8th floor . When I got to the room they key card  that i was given didn't even unlock the door. So that meant toting the same bulky luggage cart back to the elevator back down stairs though the lobby. While 8 months pregnant mind u. I had it. I called my husband he came up to the room and went down stairs to get a new card. I checked out the room nothing extraordinary.  But I was jus ready to relax except I found old french fries in the couch and a dead fly on the bed....we will not be returning to the hilton.  For 200$. This has been a craptastic experience.  I really wish I had jus booked a room at the Sheraton or the local holiday inn.
4	I absolutely love this hotel!  I just got back from a 5 day trip to Phoenix.  The hotel staff is extremely helpful and always has a smile on their face.  The atmosphere was very quite and relaxing.  My room was very clean and well kept, kudos to the hotel maid  and housekeeping staff!!!  The hotel has a shuttle service which took me to and picked me up from the convention center.  Very convenient.  When there I just decided to eat at the hotel restaurant.  Since the hotel was pretty quite you could hear the water falling from the waterfall which is very relaxing.  The only complaint I have is that the service though good could have been better.  It is seat yourself (which is great) however a couple times I sat there for about 10 minutes before someone came over to me.  Once they realized I was there I was taken care of.  The food was pretty good, didn't really like the pulled pork sandwich.All in all, I really like this hotel and would definitely stay there again.
5	Absolutely loves staying here.  Rooms are super clean and comfortable.  Excellent staff and very friendly.  Breakfast in the morning was great!  Easy accessibility to light rail system making getting downtown a breeze. Would definitely recommend this hotel and would stay here again.
3	This is my first time staying at this location. The Hotel is spacious and has a restaurant and bar which is great. My check in was quick and painless but I was assigned to a room on the 9th floor far away fromThe elevator - which was not my preference. And, my preferences were already on their database. Oh well. My room was spacious and no complaint there. By biggest issue is the internet speed. It is sloooooow. I could barely able to download news on my iPad.
1	Front desk customer service is horrible and the wifi connection is even worse.The only good experience I had was with the weekday evening waiter and the weekday morning waitress. I will recommend to my company who flies staff in on a weekly basis that we never use this place again.
1	Very loud hotel. Don't plan on sleep. Hotel front desk isn't doing anything about the screaming tween boys despite numerous calls.  These tween boys were screaming and slamming stuff all night long. Clearly their parents were clearly staying in a different side of the hotel... shame on their parents and the hotel for allowing this to endlessly go on. The hotel didn't even apologixe during the calls.
5	great hotel just beside grand central station.easy to walk to most attractions in new york city.hotel staff really helpful and nothing too much trouble.check in was quick & easy.room on 16th floor nice & quiet apart from noisy air con unit.fresh towels every day & room tidy when we arrived back at night.booked package through expedia got great deal with flights etc would use both hotel & expedia again.hotel itself very grand entrance with the wow factor rooms not as grand but totally fine & comfortable.hope to go back. AZ is amazing.
