5	In March of 2008 I went and got my very first tattoo. I had the brilliant idea of getting a phoenix on my ribcage, not realizing how much it was really going to hurt. Long story short, I only got as far as the outline and had to call it quits. Two years later I finally decided it was time to finish it off. I called Dreamscape and was helped by a nice girl on the phone that said to come in so she could see what she was working with and could give me an accurate price estimate.  I went in and was greeted by Cathryn who happened to be the girl I spoke to on the phone. I made an appointment with her for the weekend an the end result was stellar. She made it look amazing and was very sensitive to my needs. She didn't mind me taking a break whenever I needed and when I felt a little off she gave me a bottle of water. She was very professional and takes pride in her work and her paintings, which are all over the walls, are awesome. I would definitely recommend her.
5	I've been to Dreamscapes on several occassions and had quite a bit of work done.  I also know four others that have had tattoo work done at Dreamscapes.I love this place!  Of all the tattoo parlors that I've been to around the country, this one rocks!  All of the staff members that I've met here are friendly and have great attitudes.  The tattoo shop has an overall mellow and comfortable vibe about it. They make you feel very comfortable while you're there and have great ideas when you're undecided on what routes to take.  Definatley check this place out if you're looking for tattoos or piercings.  Prices were very reasonable, so reasonable that I've went back too many times!ROCK ON!
5	I had been thinking of what I had wanted for an upper back piece for over 2 years. Finally I went in and sat down with cathryn, gave her my ideas and told her to do what she thought would make it look its best. I went in 2 weeks before my appointment to look at the drawing and was blown away! I went in the day of my appointment,  we went over the colors and applied the stencil. After 2 and a half hours it was finish and it was more than i could have imagined! She did amazing work!! I am so happy with the results and cant wait to have her do more work for me. The whole atmosphere was just right, the shop was super clean, the entire staff was always helpful! And her pricing was great for the work that you recieve!
5	My recent experience with Margaret at Dreamscapes was amazing. I went in with a couple friends with a pretty vague idea of what I wanted. After some thought and artistic input, we came up with a design. Margaret whipped it up, and soon enough I was sitting in her chair. She was really professional, reassuring and captured perfectly what we were all looking to get. 5 star experience for sure. 5 star price too!
5	Being from San Francisco and a frequent visitor to tattoo shops, I was pleasantly surprised to hear that this Scottsdale gem had the best prices around.  Margaret got me and two friend in the day after a brief consultation.  She had our drawings ready to go when we came in the next day and was very easy to work with at getting us exactly what we wanted.  She had a very gentle hand and was more than accommodating.  I am excited to stop on by next time I'm in the area.
5	Great work, friendly staff, reasonably priced...it was a lot of fun...
3	The atmosphere is nice enough and the people inside friendly enough.  I went in as a tourist to get a very small piece as an addendum to another small piece.  The artist was competent and amiable for sure.  But I definitely received tourist pricing.  20 minutes on the table and  10 minutes of prep cost me $120 + tip (for which I was never thanked, by the way).  Whatever...I was a tourist and I really wanted something done then and there and I was accommodated.  So no big deal.  But then I was charged 3 bucks for an O-ring to replace one I lost  (the same little rubber ones that cost 20 cents a piece around the corner) and another 3 bucks for a tension ball for one of my wife's piercings.  The money definitely does not matter but I was annoyed that after spending $120 + tip that I was gouged on these small items.
5	JOE is fantastic! The shop is always clean and the staff is always friendly and helpful. Love the art on the walls - I think one of the girls did it. What talent. I have none...so I appreciate someone who can draw like that.
4	Walked in here (4/11) with a co-worker when we saw it across from where we were eating. Clean studio, friendly staff, some really amazing work done here. I asked one of the artists, Margaret, if she was free for a walk-in. she was finishing up someone and told me she had an appointment after. Since i was mainly there for the other guy to get tatted i assumed i wasn't gonna be able to be squeezed in. once my buddy was in the chair and margaret was finishin up her appointment i asked if she would have time. i felt kinda bad cuz it had been a long day for her but she said she could get me in. i picked somethin off the fly and she just freehand drew it on me in pen til i was satisfied. fucking great! she has a great touch, not too soft so you know the ink will sit but not too rough where you scab up too much.there are 2 barely noticeable spots where the shade goes slightly out the outline but i am extremely happy with the work. the pricing is really not that crazy, considering im from chicago. plus there was a bit of detail in it.i'll be back to see her again next time im in Arizona!
5	Got my first tattoo from Cathryn. I wanted to go to a tattoo studio that was spotless and had talented, caring artists. Dreamscapes excelled on all counts. I am recommending Dreamscapes to everyone.
5	Dreamscapes Tattoo is not your average tattoo shop...but, this is a good thing.  If you have visited other tattoo shops, Dreamscapes might come as a welcomed departure from the norm. I have found, from many past experiences, that many other  tattoo artists/shops have an off-putting  attitude to them...it's as if the tattoo artists at most shops believe that some special divine providence guides their tattoo gun.  You will find that Dreamscapes Tattoo has a very down-to-earth atmosphere and the artists are professional and friendly...no "too-cool-for-school" attitudes to be found here! More importantly, the artists at Dreamscapes are all skilled artists. You will not find walls of flash art here, rather, the artists have portfolios available. That is your sign that the artists want to give you a custom piece rather than a carbon-copy of something that 1000 other people have. The prices are extremely reasonable for the work that is done here. You would be very hard-pressed to find a better value in the valley.    I have Margaret to thank for my amazing tattoos, many of them being cover-up work over tattoos I got as a teenager that were absolutely dreadful. I get many complements on my tattoos now and people are amazed when I tell them what awful tattoo used to take up that real estate. I am always in awe that I can come to Margaret any idea and, in no time, that abstract idea becomes a beautiful work of art that I get to wear!I hope this review encourages you to take a moment and check out Dreamscpaes Tattoo for yourself!
5	Margaret was amazing. She helped me fix a botched tattoo (see review below). Not only was I completely gun-shy about doing anything else to further decimate my skin, I had no idea what I wanted on my arm to pay tribute to my deceased daughter. She was so sweet and helpful and came up with a design that I loved and that was exactly what was needed to fix the problem, honor my daughter, and please my artist's eye. Thank you, Margaret!Lisa V.Scottsdale, AZ  1/24/2013 First to ReviewI got a horrible tattoo last year with my deceased daughter's name. I just wanted a few simple letters on my wrist. The artist went too deep and blew out my veins. The tattoo looked awful which was distressing, to say the least, on top of my grieving. The owner (who did not do the initial work) was very conciliatory at first. He worked on my tattoo for free and wanted me to be happy with the results. My tattoo looked worse each time and he implied the problem was with my skin. After three subsequent visits to track down the owner (who was gone each time) and three unanswered text messages, I started over at Dreamscape tattoos and am so happy. The artist covered my old tattoo, carefully reapplied my daughter's name without going too deep in my skin. My tattoo looks perfect and I have had no issues. It was an almost year-long nightmare trying to deal with Old Town Ink to resolve the problem.
5	Daniel is amazing, he gave me exactly what I wanted and even gave his expert opinion, which I needed being an indecisive girl.I will go back for any future work :)
5	after debating for many years if i should get a sleeve tattoo, i finally came up with an idea. since i'm not artistic at all, i printed up about 20 pages of well thought out images. i took them in to see what i could get. Cathryn has been my go-to gal for 2 sessions now. it took a while to get started with all the cactus league visitor drop-in tattoos, but when things slowed down, she was able to put together a phenomenal image. i wanted something to kind of showcase all the places i've travelled, so i brought her in all these pictures and said "can you help me?". that she did!she put together such a beautiful piece thus far. it flows superb and although i have many, many, many more sessions, i'm excited to see the final product. so far, i am beyond pleased with her work so far. the line work is impeccable. it is tight and crisp, even with tiny circles smaller than a centimeter. we haven't hit color yet, but based on her art work, i'm sure it's going to be just as fabulous. she is meticulously clean and sanitary, changing her gloves more frequent than any doctor i've seen at work. she sanitizes everything throughout the session, and when i wanted to go for a potty break, she made sure to wrap my arm in plastic. so to be clear, if you're looking for a creative, thorough, and absolutely pleasant tattoo artist, Cathryin at Dreamscapes is your gal! except not now....i want her focus on me for the moment!
5	alright, so i'm up to 4 sessions and i can't believe how good my on-going tattoo is looking. Cathryn cont's to work her artistic magic on me!most tattoo shops don't open till later in the day, but she has accommodated me by coming in at 10am to start. when i arrive, she has already set up the area, so there's really no waiting unless it's to go over an idea. the area has been prepped and sanitized and she is standing with gloves....lets get started!this latest session, she had a bunch of sketches laid out and we went over how some of the new things would fit on my arm. i'm sure other artists do this as well, but she is just so damn patient with me. she puts sketches here, there, everywhere until we get a nice a flow of everything. she always makes sure i'm comfortable on the chair, allowing me to change positions or get up if i need to. i will say this....i've heard the underside of the arm is painful to have tatted up and believe me when i say this.....IT IS!!!!! but she moves quickly to give areas of my arm a rest so they don't turn into chopped meat. a long way to go, but i'm lucky i have such a great artist helping me out.
5	"This area might hurt a little" is what she said. And damn it did. that soft little underside of your upper arm, just above the armpit. but with a quick hand and the ability to chat me up, i was able to focus on other things, and then she was done!Cathryn continues to provide excellent service and a clean environment for my latest tattoo session. finally got some color put in and the piece is starting to look like a real tattoo finally! she continues to treat me right and make sure i'm satisfied with her work. can't wait till the next one....or maybe unless it's near a more tough zone on my arm!
5	By far the best experience and tattoo I have gotten. I went and saw Cathryn and she was amazing. Took what was in my head and executed it perfectly. I highly recommend her. Simply amazing.
5	after 9 months, the summer is over, and i'm ready for more pain. today was my first re-visit back to Dreamscapes for the continuing saga of my sleeve tat. it was just like old times, except the studio has been updated. new floors! it looks great. what's great about Catherine is that she likes to start early. i am a morning person and this works great for me. it's like i never left. she had the area prepped and ready to go. after 3 hours of color work, i'm now seeing how great this thing is going to look. again, she is so clean and easy to work with, the 3 hours of a constant needle jabbing into your skin seem to go by with ease....nah, who am i kidding? it still hurts but since she's such a good conversationalist, it makes it a little less painful! still pleased!
5	800 reviews!!! Woohoo! *cough*...ok. So I went to Dreamscapes after searching and scouring the internet looking for an artist who did vivid color work. I finally found Margaret. Margaret was good to work with, very relaxed, but serious about her work. She e mailed me drawings of my design and I was set to go. I went to her to get a tattoo that represented my wedding (a long stem sunflower with the date worked into the stem) and had given her a few pictures for guidance and she did a great job taking my ideas and turning them into a good design. So, T day arrives and I get to the studio, only to find that she was sick and wasn't in...boo! That would be my one complaint because I knew she had my e mail and could have sent me a message so I wouldn't have driven across town for no reason, but it happens. Rescheduled over the phone. Went in a couple weeks later and she was there...hooray! She did the job quickly, but precisely. Now that I am mostly healed, I am very happy with her work. She did a very good job and the cost of the tattoo was reasonable. I would have no hesitation recommending her and returning to her in the future.
5	well....i'm done until i get another trip under my belt. Catherine again, took great care of me. and the best part? she's so honest and careful about what i'm going to wear on my arm forever. i came in with a few images and instead of just throwing them on my arm, she wanted to work them into the work she was currently doing on my arm. so she says "come back with some more stuff so we can make it flow better". she then finished up some loose ends and that was it! my arm still hurts but looks great. her attention to detail and cleanliness is what keeps me coming back....around a dozen sessions by now. dreamscapes tattoo is lucky to have such a great artist!
5	My Daughter and I wanted a Nemo and Marlin tattoo.  Cathryn help us with question we had and suggested several changes that made our design look even better than we thought it could.  Cathryn did an amazing job, our tattoos look great.
5	Have had almost all of my tattoos done by Cathryn.  She is awesome and I recommend all the people that i know interested in getting tattoos to her.  My father in law and my wife have gotten tattooed by Cathryn.  The quality is amazing and her attention to detail is better than anyone else i have ever used.  I can say that because my other tattoos not done by her are inferior.  She is super friendly and has remembered me every time i have come in which is great for customer service.  I'm planning to take my wife to go see her again in a couple of months!
4	My sister and I got our firsts here. Although it looked closed, once inside it was a nice dim lit place. Daniel was really nice, made us feel comfortable. We got hearts on our wrists, $80. We had found cheaper, but it was a good experience overall. Joe did my sisters, he at first, I  could tell he wasn't into doing such a small tattoo. But did warm up after he got my sister in the chair. Overall a good place, but maybe go there for more artistic purposes. ;-)
1	My husband and I found this shop thanks to Yelp reviews. We were really excited as it seemed like just the place for us. We were looking for two small tattoos each (roman numerals on our ribs and infinity symbol on our pinky fingers). As we entered the shop, it was really awkward as no one cared we had walked in and ignored us until we finally had to interrupt a tattoo artist mid tattoo to get some sort of information. We were quoted $100+ per person. Yeah...no thanks. Never returned. Customer service sucks...they must know who the tourists are and try to rack up the prices...
5	I've gotten 3 fairly medium-large tattoos done here by Joe! One script, one tribal- style, and a half sleeve. I've absolutely loved coming here and Joe is excellent to work with! He is very patient and his hand is as steady as a professional surgeon's. The ink and methods they use are very high quality (for those that complain about prices, you are most likely not knowledgeable of how tattoos work, exactly). I receive compliments on my tattoos all the time because of how high quality they are, how nice and fresh they look even after a year or two on them, and how straight and perfect the lines are (Special thanks to Joe again lol).I would recommend this place to all my friends and family. I plan on getting more work done soon here!
5	Went to Dreamscapes after finding them online. I went with my visions and met with Joe. He drew up exactly what I wanted and got me in the next week. He was so easy to work with and the place is incredibly clean. Every time He had to change a needle, he changed gloves. I won't just go and get a tattoo just anywhere. The piece is beautiful and I'm going back for another one very soon! Thanks Joe! Not sure why the other review stated no one would talk to them. Every time someone walked in, Joe made sure to greet them.
