4	Poignantly opened around St. Patrick's Day, the Guinness store is a must stop shop for the stout beer lover. If you can think of it, they probably have it with the patented logo on it. The range of gifts are vast. There are tin wall decor with classic Guinness inspired pictures, a dartboard, t-shirts, bottle openers, boxers, and even coasters for the sophisticated drinker who does not want to ruin their coffee table. If you do not want to give someone a generic gift, do not worry. Not all items are impersonal since you can get a pint glass engraved with a name or short message. This custom detail is priced at $12 for one glass and will take ten minutes. If you are truly opposed to browsing the shop while you wait you can head next door to Ri Ra and grab a pint of the thick dark beer.
3	I just stopped into the Guinness Store and looked at their merchandise while waiting for friends.  It was OK, but I didn't see much that I'd be interested in buying.  I really don't need any more shirts although they have a great selection.This is a good place to come and browse. If I were a tourist, I could easily see myself leaving with some kind of Las Vegas shirt to wear to impress my friends in the East, but those days are over.
3	I mean...its name says it all. Nothing too spectacular but I had to stop in. If you are looking for anything Guinness themed...they have it.Plain..simple..to the point.
3	I was pretty hammered one night from gambling at the Luxor so I wanted something greasy. We went to Ri Ra since it was close and wanted greasy fish. I ended up drinking like 5 more black and tans so I my judgement was not the best. Of course my dumb arse saw the Guinness store while stumbling out and thought man I could sure some t-shirts with a black beer on the front. I bought a cup, a cup I mind you, for $50. Granted it is a cool cup. I asked the clerk why this cup was so much and she said "because it's made of pewter". I say out loud "what the f__ is pewter!?". She must of thought I was an ass. Anyways I bought the cup along with a Guinness fedora that looks like shyte on me. Yay Vegas!!!
