5	Grand opening tomorrow. They had a soft opening on New Year's Eve. I was presently surprised at how lovely the place was on the inside. It's dimly lit and makes for an intimate experience. They have a GREAT selection on the buffet for anyone's taste; several options for vegetarians and meat lovers. They even had biriyani on the buffet line, which I am a big fan of. The place is very spacious and has a contemporary layout with soothing music playing. It makes you feel like you are really in a high end restaurant, but you realize that it's a high end buffet with great food instead. I'm told they will offer a full bar in the near future which is unique for an establishment like this.I had no complaints. The staff were accommodating and received prompt service. I will definitely be back. I just need to work off the 20k+ calories I just injected into my body first after I take a much needed nap. Not smart planning on my apart considering it's the evening of New Years Eve. Oh well. We live and learn.
5	Absolutely delicious!!! Would highly recommend it to anyone!
3	This was a very pretty Indian restaurant in a not SO good location.  The food was good, as was the service.  However the portions were extremely small and the prices were high for what we got. Our recommendation for Indian is Mount Everest.  Good portions, quality, service  and the right price for us!
5	Lunch buffet was only $9.99! The best quoalit and great selection.  I want to try dinner soon.  Love it!  :)
5	One word, delicious.If you can read more than one word, then read on my friend cause this is one of the best Indian restaurants that I've been to. Some hobknobs might find the location a bit shady, but the interior of the restaurant is clean and well put together and makes you forget about all the bums across the street. Whataraya gonna do? Amirite?This place has only been opened a week or so. The service here was good. While the waiters were new and seemed untrained in the usual customer service/waiter chatter, (family owned restaurant I assume?), they were still very polite and attentive, and boxed our food to-go for us. No complaints from me, they refilled my water glass often as I slew down all that spicy curry.Good news for all vegetarians, half the menu is vegetarian based, which put me in a chipper mood right off the bat when we entered. They also have multiple chicken and lamb entrees if you're still craving the meat food. For me not actually being a big fan of curry, the food was amazing and I ate till I was beyond stuffed. I forgot the names of the dishes we selected, but I had a nine vegatable combo with mild spicy creme curry and my boyfriend had the traditional chicken curry. Both were just right in hotness and didn't leave a chalky taste in my mouth like most curry does.The grand finaleeeee....Naan bread. mmm yes, that's right. the garlic naan bread here is so delicious I just wanted to go adopt a new puppy or something. Was so good that I got another frisbee shaped bread slice to-go.With all that and an extra bowl of rice, the price for two was pretty decent. We ate there during the dinner hours where they gave us a menu, but they also do a lunch buffet which I have yet to try. I plan on coming back here as this place has awakened my curry craving. I'm getting hungry just typing about it.
5	I was there for dinner yesterday , the place it's called Delhi Indian Cuisine . I have a amazing experience !! I am pretty good fan of indian food , I have been to almost every Indian restaurant in Vegas , but the one I was there yesterday , there is no  comparison with any other  indian restaurant . Ammazzzzingggg food , ammmazzzzzzingggg service , ammmmazzzzingggggg decoration  , oh my god ,, all the waiter and waitress were so friendly and polite , I have a amazing experience  having dinner there . It was a fairly new restaurant , not too many people know that place , it's slightly off the strip about two miles,  but its really worth going there . Lastly, If you like indian food and if you haven't been to Delhi Indian Cuisine , you really missing something ,,,,No more words for this I just want to say Wowwww
5	Where shall I begin, food is excellent, nice atmosphere, service is great. The staff is very friendly and informative for first timers to Indian cuisine. The chicken tikka masala was my favorite dish, along with the yellow fried rice.
5	Tandoori chicken is to die for!!! Service is very nice but not hovering. Glad it is so close to the UNLV campus. Bread came out hot and fresh. Will definitely be back again!!
1	Food is good, but the delivery experience was horrible - food was 30 minutes late and cold, but that wasn't the worst of it.  The driver called and told us we'd need to come down from our apartment to pick up the food from his car, rather than coming up to our apartment (we order delivery a lot and never have that problem).  When we got the food, we told the driver we'd be lodging a complaint, and he rudely told us he'd tell the restaurant never to deliver to us again.  We called and asked the manager for a refund, and he refused to even refund the tip we had pre-paid for the driver.  Horrible customer service, late delivery, cold food, rude driver, and no ownership of the issue from the manager.
5	I went to the this place for lunch with my wife and my son . When I went there , I was really surprised with the decoration inside . And the buffet wow, it's the largest Indian buffet in Las Vegas so far ,, so many varieties in the buffet , they have the largest selection of vegetarian and non- veg items , and the price wow, ,, just under $10 . Waiter and servers are so friendly and polite ,, great customer service ,, I am really glad conning here ,, highly recommended ,, Great service !!! Great Food , definitely going back soon .
4	(Review of buffet only)Interesting choice of location to set up a new Indian buffet on the east side of town considering you have Mint, India Masala, Origin India, Gandhi, and Taste of India all within a 2 mile radius, although I think it's the others that should be intimidated, since the new kid in town has got some bhangra swagger.  Pretty much all of its rivals are in little strip malls of varying degrees of  decay, so this should not deter you in terms of its exterior.  Once you step inside, the modern decor with track lighting, single open room layout, and seemingly endless linear display of offerings along the buffet line should set your mind at ease.  Upon being seated, you are immediately prompted if you would like naan bread with your buffet.  Not only should you say yes, but you should specifically request the garlic naan since the aroma alone with the freshly minced garlic and finishing brush of ghee emanating from the freshly cut bread removed from the tandoori oven is intoxicating enough to get your appetite revved up on the feast that lies ahead (refills are complimentary if you need more)As one approaches the buffet line, the first wave of offerings include various meats including the standards such tandoori, tikki masala, and curry chicken along with some wild cards such as goat curry and reshmi kababs, which is a ground chicken meatball that seems a bit healthier than the sauced meats.   The latter half of the line offers a multitude of vegetarian offerings including saag paneer (spinach), chana masala (spicy stewed chickpeas), eggplant, mixed curry veggies, and lentils.  The third category of offerings is the carbs, which in this case included plain basmati, a spicy chicken biryani, mini-samosas (which gives you more of the flaky crust to enjoy, much like why mini-pecan pies are superior to regular pecan pie), idli (a steamed rice cake), and something I've never seen before, a spongy savory cake called dhokla, which I've read to be a beloved street snack in the southern part of India.  It has a cornbread-like consistency, a rich yellow hue from turmeric and mustard seeds, and is served with some chili peppers, cilantro, and toasted coriander seeds.  Add a dollop of tamarind, and it is a pretty addictive combo of flavors which I would have had more of had I not discovered it at the end of my meal.  I almost never have room for desserts after an Indian buffet but it is a rotating mix of gulab jamun(sweet milk balls), rice pudding, gajar halwa (carrots+milk), and a few offerings of fruit which I am always a bit wary of when it comes to buffets in general.  Service was very good in which plates were cleared and water was refilled efficiently, and the staff checked in a few times to see how I was enjoying the meal.  Compared to the local competition, price point is excellent (9.99 vs 10.99 at India Masala, and 12 and up at Mint and Gandhi), quality of food is definitely in my top 3 in Vegas (Mount Everest and Taj Palace), and highlights include the garlic naan, balance in offerings between vegetarian and meat dishes,  a few unique offerings (mini samosas and dhokla), and ambiance.  India Masala is still my go-to choice for take out buffet due to quantity (refer to my review for my patented packing technique) as well as complimentary Mango Lassi with yelp check-in, but if I'm dining in, Delhi Indian is my new go-to place for quality when I plan to go on an Indian carb feeding frenzy for lunch.
4	Finally an Indian buffet I can go to. Wide spread..lot of choices both in vegetarian as well as non vegetarian food......clean ambience, good service, decent price.
5	Thank you yelp once again! While roaming the streets of LV, I got the craving for some food from the homeland. After some bad experiences with lunch indian buffets in the past here, my hopes were pretty low.  I have to say I'm vegetarian so while many may love indian buffets with great meat options, I usually am stuck with like two non-appetizing vegetarian options. Not the case here!! The buffet was huge! Filled up half the restaurant! And the food was delicious!!Naan-amazingSamosas- to die for! (I ate like 3)Korma- almost fell out of my chair!Even the dal was good!
3	It was just OK. Ive definitely had better Indian food before (not in Vegas but back home in the UK).Lets just say, I wont be ordering from here again lol. I ordered a Lamb curry/biriyani
2	Okay so I just don't get the hype. I was really excited - I mean Indian, buffet, good reviews, sounds like a recipe for success. It was okay... and cheaper than other places at $9.99. But I think I would pay the extra few dollars and go a block over to Mint in a heart beat. Yes the buffet takes up length wise over half the restaurant, but what I didn't care for about this place was that it lacked variety - you have the standard Tandoori chicken, Tikka Masala etc.  But maybe it was a busy day before I got there giving them the benefit of the doubt, but I had to fish around in the sauce to find pieces of chicken and not only in the tikki masala but any dish which contained sauce and meat. Don't get me wrong I love sauce, but I like to find that there is ample meat to accompany my sauce. Also, there was something about the ambience that felt cold - maybe it was the poor acoustics which made it feel very big and open but not in a good way or the just the set up but somehow the dining room was not overly inviting. Although, that in itself is not something that would normally concern me - hey if the food is superb I'll eat it sitting on a street corner (as used to be the case with Viva Las Arapas before they moved). Nonetheless, I thought it is something that should be noted. Service was average, nothing outstanding. We did request garlic naan and they brought it. My friend asked for lemon wedges for water, they forgot, had to ask again and then they brought a plate of lime wedges from the salad bar.. maybe they don't have lemons? On the upside I got a free Mango Lassi which was tasty with Yelp check in - so thank you Delhi Indian Cuisine for that treat. So overall I wish them good luck and I hope that they make it as I do with all restaurants that are not chains but unfortunately I am going to stay loyal to Mint for lunch buffet, and Mt. Everest as a second choice.
5	I was craving Indian food so I came here based on recommendations on yelp. the place including the bathroom is very clean. staff is super friendly and nice. the food was excellent. I tried everything on the buffet and they were all tasty. I especially loved the goat curry but I love curry in general. when u sit be sure to ask for garlic naan.  I was searching for saag paneer but it was displayed so I asked and they said they had run out but they made a small bowl for me. it was excellent as well. the buffet is only available for lunch and they temporarily close from 3-5pm so they can change for dinner. I think I found my Indian lunch buffet place. oh it's $10 which is cheaper than other places. I'd definitely be back for sure!!!
5	I must say this by far is my favorite go to restaurant. I love the staff and how clean the place is. The chef is amazing and so very known by a lot! I'm totally impressed by how put together it is. I'm thankful my boyfriend introduced me to this place :) My co workers are too sharing their love for the restaurant. I wish them all the luck and success!
5	Good ambience and good food. The owner was very nice and so was the staff we reached there at 10:30 and they did not rush us at over all a good place to eat Indian food
5	Fantastic as always. I decided to mostly eat the vegetarian dishes today. Saag paneer, chana masala, yellow dal. Mmmmm mmmm mmmm. It was fantastic. The veggie Palau rice was also incredible. My favorite buffet appetizer are the samosas and the bread as usual was fluffy and delicious. Today I tried their Chai Masala and was very impressed. Not overly sweet, but just enough sweetness to compliment the tea. Thanks Delhi!!!
5	Good service. Nice selection. Flavorful. Generous naan portions. I was happy with them. Reasonable price too. Strong competition to India palace.
4	Just thinking about the place made me hungry .It`s 11 PM so probably too late for the buffet .But anyway ,Vegas local ,frequent visitor to the Indian buffet and have been to most in town .Yes that crazy ! I started going to this place about 2 months ago , had a gigantic biryani and mango lassi , the chef specializes in the Mango lassi as far as I am concerned! Fan ever since .First time I went there for the buffet , the garlic bread , the mushroom were fantastic , not to mention the chicken and mutton .I had a feast , no pun intended . Only regret that day was, maybe  I shouldn`t have eaten that much .But by another 3 days the regret vanished and i duly returned ,this time ,they had another special variety of chicken , I am blanking on the name , but i was good , if you end up there just look and sausage like chicken roll,it`s really good . When I am not going to this one ,I am probably going to some other one :) .Imagine the embarrassment at showing up at the same buffet ,every other day ! And have to say most of them are similarly priced and probably have similar food range ,but after multiple sampling at other indian buffets I have to say that this one has more options,maybe a little bit cleaner and definitely the most spacious  in town. And would recommend it to anyone who wants to get away from ridiculously priced buffet at the big nightclub restaurants , as long as you like indian food .As for the negative stuffs , the ambience could be better , i mean they could decorate the walls a little bit better and play some decent music like some upscale places.Sometimes they have hard time catching up with the demand supply thing but i guess this being a new place ,its something they can work on.And  yes sometimes ,there is just that little extra oil floating around in the nan-bread or the curries, again something they can work on .All in all ,for an indian buffet ,it`s bang for bucks. And no I don`t own the place and have nothing against any other Indian buffets.
5	Four words: bang for your buck. For $9.00 you get amazing food! And when you're in Vegas surrounded by steak buffets offering powdered mashed potatoes, this is a great deal. What this place lacked in ambience, it made up for in taste. It's relatively new with a great culinary future ahead.The owner was very sweet. He personally brought over the free mango lassi I got from checking in (delicious, might I add).If you're feeling your pockets empty because the strip is just too darn expensive, then hop on over to the outskirts of main vegas attractions and scoop up your desired heaps of savory, succulent, mouth-watering (affordable) Indian food. Seriously though, go go go.
5	I was like you once. Looking on yelp for the best indian food option. Knowing that these places on the strip weren't worth their prices but wondering what other joints still offer good food, good service, and nice atmosphere (because, hey, you're vacationing in Vegas and you don't need to be slumming it at some filthy ethnic place to save $10 you'll just lose on a side bet anyways). Well, this is the answer. Do not look at any other reviews because New Dehli is where you want to go.Just a few months old, it has a slew of positive reviews and -- as great as the food was (there is a mango lassi free with your check in that you MUST get) -- the pride the staff/owners put into the restaurant is apparent with every detail of the restaurant. From the decor to the menu to the EXCELLENT service, New Dehli is what comes to mind (for me, at least) when we talk about "shopping local". This is their restaurant and I saw in my visit that the owners truly care about this place. These folks took out a space in a shopping center (plenty of parking!) and have created a truly sincere dining experience. Maybe it's not something I can explain well -- but if you'd like to understand, swing by New Dehli on a Thursday evening and take in the experience. Never have a rooted this hard for a restaurant in a city I've only been visiting.
5	Lunch buffet was awesome! Very large selection of items, vegetarian and non-vegetarian alike. Naan bread is brought to your table fresh from the oven, so no problem of dried out (or missing) naan in the buffet line like some other places. As if you need another reason to wolf down warm deliciousness...ask for the garlic naan, mmmmmm, you won't be sorry.We ended our meal with one of my favorite things - a cup of real chai tea ($2/cup). If you have  never had it, you have to add your own sweetener, which is nice because you can adjust it to your liking (and you don't have to use real sugar if you prefer artificial sweeteners).I would have to say this is one of the best Indian buffets I have had in Vegas. We left full and happy, without feeling heavy (other buffets we've visited often had overly oily items and this one did not). I also think that for the quality and selection of items, they could actually charge a couple dollars more and still be a bargain. We will definitely be back!note to owners:  I wish you offered some kind of drink menu. Not only would customers would know what kind of drink options were available for purchase, it would also give your business the opportunity for additional revenue during the lunch buffet time.
1	Never order for delivery!! Ordered and they never showed up. Don't know how the food taste because I never received it.
5	Went for dinner, it was delicious! I had the Vegetarian Thali and my babe had the Butter Chicken. My Thali came with regular naan but we ordered additional garlic naan and both were tasty. We had plenty of leftovers, there was so much food! Service was great, really friendly.
5	This place has opened two months ago and hence doesn't appear on google maps. But dont let that get into your way for this awesome north indian treat. I like the owner n staff who are very polite and attentive to their customers. The food is of high quality and is priced reasonably. My pick would be the traditional style chicken curry and would recommend it to everyone.
4	Order my food to go... BEST CHICKEN CURRY!! My new favorite place. I love Indian food!! Glad this place is open!! I've been waiting to eat here. The ambiance is really nice as well. Look forward to trying their buffet!!
5	Passing through Las Vegas, found this place on Yelp! Amazing experience! Food was fantastic, fresh, plentiful and diverse and each dish had its own, unique flavor.Staff was friendly and provided excellent service. The establishment was also clean and well maintained.     Will not pass through without another visit!
4	I kinda get what another reviewer meant when she said the buffet is quite large, yet lacked variety. Everything was pretty great though; I love that they aren't as afraid of adding a little bit of heat to their buffet dishes (most places avoid heat in buffet items, for obvious reasons). I also thought the garlic naan was wonderful, hot and fresh from the kitchen. They brought it out pretty late into our meal, which brings me to the service. Not bad, but a little slow. Understandable, as they haven't been open long, and not a huge deal. Just looks like they might still be working out a couple of kinks perhaps?I would definitely return, for the buffet, and possibly for dinner if the mood strikes.
5	I swear, I walked 40 mins from the hotel to this resturant just to eat the buffet. Delhi Indian cuisine is by bar the most delicious and cheapest buffet in Las Vegas . The owner was super nice and friendly. Everything from the quality of food, service, atmosphere, cleanliness, large variety Was perfect. I am from San Francisco but I haven't had such a tasty biryani in my life.
1	Can't give minus stars, so starting with one star.  This is my first review ever and thought it might be helpful for anybody walking in with family and small hungry kids.  Service was so poor that one of the starters (chicken soup) was delivered after 35 min and the other starter (Pani Puri) after 40 min. Not to mention that the Pani puri shells were stale and smelled/tasted bad.  Food was delivered after one hour and don't even want to discuss how it was.  One of the servers realized and offered us gulab jamun, appreciate that, but fact is fact and if you are hungry and with impatient kids, please look somewhere else.
5	After reading so many reviews, my BF and I finally tried this place out last week. We had the lunch buffet, and I was surprised by the variety of the different foods. Of course our first question to the owner was if the meat is halal or not, and it was!! *halal alert* The food was delicious, everything from the reshmi kabob to the warm gajar ka halwa. They had chicken tandoori (flavorful!), goat biryani, channa masala, and the list can keep going on and on. We also ordered garlic naan (including in the 10$ buffet price) and it honestly seemed to come right out of the oven! I couldn't get enough of the chicken tikka masala, and the Navrata korma (I think that's the name? LOL). The sauce (Salan) was creamy and hot. It became obvious that this place is going to be very popular VERY soon. We talked to the owner, and he was very helpful. He told us that although the main items stay the same during the lunch buffet, sometimes the dessert (mithai) might change, and maybe the lentil curry (daal). The atmosphere of the restaurant was quite fancy and quiet on the day that we went... But they have a very nice setup. I'm itching to come back again! :) SPECTACULAR place!! MUST GO.
5	Excellent lunch buffet. They had a good spread for vegetarians as well. The owner was nice and came by the table many times to check on us. Much better than other Indian fares on the strip -- similar taste but much better price and service.
4	Tried it once so far. Loved the lunch buffet. Check-in offer at the time of this review is still one free soda or lassi, which is a cool bonus for what is already a great deal ($9.99 lunch buffet).Impressed by the gingery Dal Tadka, and the savory and slightly sweet Navratan (veggie) Korma. They were cool with making us Roti (whole wheat) instead of regular Naan, and I thought the size of the Tandoori Chicken pieces was encouraging. Smaller chicken pieces indicate less hormones, and a more expensive bird. It's the first dish you will see on the buffet, and is a good representation of the rest of it. Quality ingredients made with care in quantity - these are some of the largest chafing dishes you will see on a Indian buffet, ever!Looking forward to the next visit, and hopefully an upgrade to a string of *red* stars.Way to go, Delhi! Keep it up please!
5	Simply the best service! So friendly and sincere & the food was too notch. I was so excited I forgot to take a picture of the presentation but it least I took one of the aftermath..... So good I couldn't finish it all. I will be back for sure and will mark this as one of my favorite spots.
5	My husband and I came here for dinner our first night in Vegas.  Our dinner was so delicious that we decided to come back again the next night! This was the best Indian food we have had compared to places in San Francisco and Sacramento, CA. It has delicious food, great service and good prices. The restaurant is also nice and clean.The Tandoori Chicken was fresh and sizzling when it came to our table. The meat was tender and falling off the bones! We also had the Lamb Curry, Chicken Curry, and Chicken Tikka Masala. All of the curries were amazing with just the right amount of spices. The staff was friendly and accommodating. We will definitely be coming back here when we visit Vegas!
5	Great food, great service. Make sure to get garlic Naan. I'll definitely go back for some more. I sample a little bit of everything, but my favorite was goat curry by far. Plus you can't beat the price around $10.00 dollars for their lunch buffet .!
3	Recently dined here for the lunch buffet hoping to find the best Indian food in Vegas. Greatly disappointed. Being originally from the Bay Area, I've ate at some really fantastic Indian/Pakistani restaurants. Haven't found one in vegas yet. The staff was very friendly and the Garlic Naan was really good. However, allot of the food tasted bland and lacked flavor altogether. The chicken curry lacked chicken and the flavor of the yogurt was overwhelming. The Saag, Samosa's and the Dal lacked flavor. The pakoras tasted stale and the rice in the Biryani was over cooked. The only two things good were the Garlic Naan and the desert, Galub Jamun. I see all the great reviews so maybe I just came on a day when the cook wasn't feeling it.
5	The food is delicious. I went there with my family today and ordered the paneer chili and chili chicken as appetizers. What can i say the appetizers was absolutely amazing. Try ordering it at a level 6-7 spicy and it will burn your mouth. Loved the Chicken Tikka Masala and Chicken Jalfrezi. They also have a check-in deal for yelp for a free lassi or soda. Last but not least one of my favorites was Gajar Halwa, it was nice and warm, and absolutely amazing. The prices are reasonable and cheap compared to other Indian Restaraunts around vegas. Chicken dishes are at $14 versus other restaraunts that have them for $18. They also have huge buffet for only $9.99. The most selections for the lowest prices. Now thats what i called a indian Buffet. I would deffinetly come back here again.
4	Excellent lunch buffet. Chicken biriyani, garlic naan, and chicken makhani are what I would recommend. Everything is good though. Cheap and reasonable price, can't go wrong with that. I hope this place gets more business.
4	My first experience with Indian Cuisine, very good! First of all, the place looks great, very clean and great service, all the staff is friendly and attentive. I tried the buffet, keeping in mind that is the first time I try Indian Cuisine and I don't have any other experience to compare with, I liked it a lot!!! The garlic bread is really good, I tried all the vegetarian plates; I was a little worried about the food being very spicy, but it wasn't. Overall I enjoyed the food and will definitely recommend this place to my friends.
4	As I said before, I would travel to find a good value for the price and this place did not disappoint. After speaking with the management, I learned that they have only been open since January 2014. This place is legit, new and clean. When you walk in the place opens up and the interior design is simple and clean looking. I went for their lunch buffet and it was only $9.99. Not a bad price as there are probably a plethora of Indian cuisine in one square mile. The buffet had a variety of foods: Lots of curry chicken, kabob, and goat, ton of veggie curries, the naan was fresh, and they had two desserts. I would have given them a five star but the salad bar area was weak and they ran out of vegetable samoasa. The servers are extremely welcoming and nice. Anyways, I will definitely be back and bring some friends. Good to have another option for Indian food.
5	Have to say this food is better than Mint Indian Bistro. Sorry guys. Great great Food!!
4	This place has great food for the price (lunch buffet).  It is not a disappointment either on selection.  They actually had one of my favorites which have been difficult to find in a buffet, vegetable samosa...very yummy.  Unlike a lot of Indian places, the food was not too salty.  Definitely will be a repeat customer.
5	Out for past 11 days and was tired of eating burgers and pizza, we wanted to have Indian food. While browsing yelp, we stumbled upon this place. Dinner was great, service was also good. Next day we tried their lunch buffet, and it was even better than last night's dinner. Lots of option, great taste and overall great service. I would recommend this place to my Friends visiting Vegas.
5	This is definitely as good as it gets. The lunch buffet was first class. Can't imagine how anyone could rate this less than 5 stars. I've been to many indian restaurants all over the world (including india) and this was as good as the best. The food was so good it could have passed for an indian wedding. The biryani (my favorite) was perfect, as was everything else. I hope this place stays around for awhile! One thing I was suprised was that they didn't have a dinner buffet any night of the week, if you are the restaurant we would love to see this!
5	Great food and great people! The hosts were wrapping up when we walked in but they still accommodated us. We went with a simple order of jeera rice and chicken curry with beverages and raita. The food was original to the Indian palate. The hosts were possibly the best I've met! Must check it out if you have an Indian craving in Vegas
5	My sister and I we were craving Indian food for dinner , I've been to mint, Mt . Everest, Indian oven.. hands down we found the best one yet, Delhi Indian Cuisine is truly the best. And the setting is great, Hari the one who help us was awesome. Don't think twice about it, eat  and enjoy..
4	**Summary**       - Value - This is probably the cheapest Indian buffet in town.       - Quality - This ranks as one of the top Indian buffets I've had. Moist chicken/goat and good curry. What more can you ask for?       - Service - They're absent from the front a lot of times, but when they do come over, they're very friendly.       - Asian Influence - They have chow mein and chili chicken. I guess it adds variety, lol.**Price**       - Lunch Buffet $9.99**Ordered**       - Garlic Naan - I suggest requesting the garlic naan or they might give you the regular naan instead.       - Tandori Chicken - Flavorful as ever cooked in a clay oven.       - Chili Chicken - One of their Asian tasting entrees. It wasn't too spicy. A little salty from the sauce, but good otherwise.       - Chicken Makhani - Chicken + Curry + Butter = Delicious. The chicken wasn't too dry and the curry was as buttery delicious as ever.       - Chicken Saag - I prefer the makhani, but this adds variety to my plate.       - Goat Curry - The goat is fall off the bone tender. A must try.**Recommendations**       - I'd recommend this place if you're looking for a nice lunch Indian buffet. It's a great deal!
5	Awesome and affordable food, good service and family friendly . What else u need? I will come again to try other entrees . They have 9.99 buffet with endless choices .
5	I've been to several Indian restaurants here in Vegas and this one is definitely the best I've had. The garlic naan is chewy and delicious. Also, so many great vegetarian choices on the lunch buffet which is a very reasonable $9.99. The staff is extremely sweet and they provide great service!
5	Enjoyed a delicious dinner here. Can't wait to come again and enjoy the lunch buffet. Chicken tikka was fabulous as was the chicken kadhai. Okra masala was delicious.   I suggest you give the kashmiri naan a try.  It was to die for.
5	The buffet is only $9.99 and the food is great.  I have been to many of the other buffets in town and this is probably the best.  Add in the free drink with check in and u can't beat it.  This is my go-to place for indian food.
5	I'm new to vegas and was looking for an Indian restaurant.  The food was delicious and the service was great!   Bonus for the free mango lassi!  Huge selection of food.  Nice atmosphere and convenient location.
4	Delhi Indian Cuisine has been on my radar for quite some time. I've seen the high reviews and wanted to check this place out. I'm so glad that I did because the food here rocks! (my socks).The lunch buffet starts at 11:00am and goes until 3:00pm. It is one of the better priced Indian buffets in town at 9.99. I came in and ordered the lunch buffet. The dining room is very clean and spacious. There is a large buffet area which is loaded with tons of food.The yelp check in offer was for either a soda or one of their house made lassi's, basically, a yogurt smoothie. They have a sweet one, a salty one, and a mango one. I ordered the mango. It was SOOO good. The flavor was very mango-ey and it was silky smooth and had a nice mouthfeel from the yogurt.As for the food, I would recommend anything! I especially liked their chicken, all of their versions of them were super tender. The goat stew was especially tasty as well. It wasn't too gamey and the sauce on it was fabulous! There wasn't anything on the menu that I didn't like.One thing that I thought was kinda weak was their garlic naan. I found the taste to be a little bit bland. And for their noodle, milk dessert was a little bit too sweet.Service was also kinda questionable. They seemed to start out pretty slow with taking our orders and getting our drinks, and after our first round of dishes they didn't clear our plates fast enough so that we were stacking our plates on top of each other. But, they were quicker at bussing our table during the middle of our dining experience.Would I come back? Oh, you know it, because I loves me some Indian food. And the food here is delicious, fresh, and tasty. And try the mango lassi, it's really good.
5	I love Indian food and I've been to several Indian restaurants on and off the strip so I was very delighted when my friend told me of Delhi's Indian buffet. I'm usually a little disappointed with the small portions at the Indian restaurants so I thought the buffet would be a good change. I was very very pleased with my experience. The selection was great and the food tasted very good. I haven't had vegetable pakoras that tasted as good as the ones they serve here. I tried goat curry for the first time and was impressed. The chicken tandoori and chicken biryani were just as delicious. I also tried these dough balls in syrup called Gulab Jamun and although the texture was a little weird at first the flavor was exceptional. The server suggested I try it with the rice pudding and it tasted even better! I have nothing but positive things to say about this place. The service was prompt and friendly and you cannot beat the price of $9.99! My bf said we're not going anywhere else for Indian food. We have definitely found a gem!
5	Delicious. My mom wanted Indian food, and she couldn't stop raving about how everything tasted. The Lassi deal for checking in was pretty sweet too. It sucks that it's off the main tourist hub, which means you'll need a cab to get there, but it was definitely worth it.
5	Well appointed great service and amazing food. Make sure that you get garlic naan. Had the lunch buffet. The chicken makkani ( which I would compare to chicken tikki masala) melts in your mouth. The goat curry falls off the bone. Everything was Great!
5	We had a very good time here, the service was excellent. Our waiter (Krishna) took really good care of us.  They have a great variety of vegetarian as well as non veg.  If you are into non veg I would highly recommend the tandoori chicken, it was juicy and spicy and very well cooked.  The Navratan kurma was wonderful and the shaai paneer was great.  The kulfi is homemade so definitely try that,  it was great.
5	We came in later in the evening.   The staff was very patient and helpful.  The food was delicious!!!   No wonderful this restaurant has good reviews.  Chicken Vindaloo was very flavorful ( medium spicy).  The Tikka chicken was also delicious. It came on a sizzling plate.   Yes, you want to come here.
5	Very clean.  Friendly staff.  Food tastes great.  All this for 9.99.  We'll be back over and over again.  Dont forget to try the garlic naan.
4	If I rated it on the food flavor alone, I would give it five stars. What's holding me back is the casual racism exhibited by the owners. If you don't think white people can handle spicy food, just don't ask us how spicy they want it. Make us think you only offer it one way. But that's not what you did. You specifically asked how spicy I wanted my Vindaloo. I said, "Very spicy." You looked at me like I was crazy, and asked again. I said, "Indian spicy", hoping that magical keyword would convince you. No, instead, you looked me in the eye and asked if it was for someone else. Had I not been ready to rob a bank for a Vindaloo, I would have left right then, but, at this point, I was committed. So, thinking that you finally were going to give me what I asked, I let it go, and we ordered the rest of our stuff. The Vindaloo's spice level was somewhere between yogurt and a milk shake. Granted, it had a fantastic flavor, as did the Tikka Masala, the Mahkane, and the Saag Paneer. The Kashmir Naan was so delicious it brought a tear to my eye, and the Galub Jamun was top-notch. In fact, the only thing missing from my night of Indian food bliss was some vague tingle; some heat to let me know that I had eaten some spices. It was just not there.  I'll definitely order from here again, but I need to know what secret code I can give you so that you'll actually put some heat in my Vindaloo.
5	Awesome food choices . the spice level was good as well . Very neat and clean . very helpfull staff . The Gajjar halwa and kheer were simply amazing . we went for buffet they had good choices for both veg and non veg  and a lot of items for both. garlic naan and chowmein were also very very good. i would definetly recommend them to all my friends and family visting Vegas .
5	By far the best food during my Vegas stay. I spent two weeks vacationing in Vegas and went to several restaurants everyday.   For dinner I had a yellow curry lamb dish. This dish is in my top three rated dishes of life. The chicken masala was the best that I've had. This place's lunch buffet easily beat out Caesar's palace buffet and was a fourth the cost.  I I will eat here anytime I'm in Vegas.
5	Service: 5 Stars Food: 5 Stars (well, I really like the goat curry, garlic naan, Khir...)Ambience: 5 StarsYelp check in: free lassi/sodaWhat more can I say?  Just try it for yourself!
5	Excellent food! Warm people and patient service.The entire family loved their custom flavored and spiced menu.Any days choice!! Go and meet Krishna. He loves people coming to this place and serving them with lot of affection.
5	One of the best buffets in town.  Very affordable for lunch ($9.99) for quality Indian food and fresh baked naan.  What a bargain.  Definitely coming back.
4	One of the good Indian restaurants in Vegas. Good food and descently priced. Lunch buffet was really good.
5	Great food! First time coming here and the owner greeted us at the door and made us feel very comfortable. Great variety and the price was on point! Would recommend to anyone.
5	I have been to 4 other Indian buffets in Vegas but none of them made me crave their food as badly as this place. The service here is not always the best but it's getting better in recent months. You may need to wait a little longer to get their attention especially if you don't look Indian. I don't really care because their food compensates for everything else. My favorite buffet dish is Malai Kofta. Just dip your fresh naan bread in it and you will know what I mean. Kebabs are also really good. They tend to rotate their buffet dishes throughout the week but removing Malai Kofta on certain days is the crime against the part of humanity they made addicted to it!
5	what a treat!! ...tried other indian restaurants here in town ... but none were as good as this place..plenty of different dishes. we had the lunch buffet  and it was so good my daughter wants to go back every day!! .... we will go again next week
5	Wow- my husband and I are vegetarians from phoenix who love indian food, and we loved this place! The food was very flavorful and colorful - some unique items. It was presented elegantly, with a good selection of alcoholic beverages. Also, the owner came to our table and was very polite, asking us if there was anything we needed. Don't usually eat much dairy, but we got the free mango lassi and it was to die for! Definitely check this place out! It's HUGE so it would be great for big parties. Good atmosphere with lots of natural light.
5	Excellent. Food was spicy and well prepared. Atmosphere was nice. The place was extremely clean. I'll definitely be back.
4	I'm a foodie for Indian and many places in town do not have the variety as Delhi Indian. Their selections are vegan friendly, meat, and they even have some salad/desert bar. The service was by far the best, staff is very friendly and accommodating. Looking forward to my next visit.
5	Fantastic! We went to the lunch buffet and they have the largest selection of dishes for vegetarians like us, (don't worry there were plenty of meat options for you carnivorous types.)  And the customer service was out of this world! We felt like we got the royal treatment, we had a couple special requests and were accommodated graciously, I have to say this may be our new favorite indian restaurant in Las Vegas!
5	Great Food!!! You won't be disappointed. My favorites are the chicken Biryani and Chicken Curry. Love the flavor and spice. Great atmosphere and ambience. I will definitely come back for more.
5	i like their selections..from curries and vegetables! this is a hidden indian food away from the strip
4	I wanted to try this lunch buffet since reading some friends' reviews and I went today.  It's taken the #1 spot in the Indian lunch buffet spot with one restaurant yet to go.I was there early, about 11;15, and I was the first person in the restaurant.   There soon were several other customers.  It's a very large room with lots of tables laid out well and the buffet is a large area opposite the entrance.With a check in on Yelp, you get either a mango lassi or a soda free.  It's a good deal for merely checking in.I ordered garlic naan and then headed to the buffet.  The naan was good but I wish it had more of a garlic flavor.  For the first plate, I had chicken Biryani, a couple vegetable pakoras, a vegetable samosa, a piece of tandoori chicken, some chili chicken, soya badi, and some saag paneer.  Everything I had was very good and I noticed that almost all dishes had a spiciness that I liked.  Of these, the weakest dishes was the saag paneer.  The crust of the samosa was flaky and the filling was very good.  The soya badi was quite good.For my second plate, I had squash, Navratan korma, chicken curry, and chana masala.  All of these were very good save the squash which was a little nondescript.  I also tried some of their raita which was good.  The chicken curry didn't have very much of a curry flavor but when the juices from the chana masala mixed with the curry juice, it became much better.Finally, I went back and got one idli and put a small amount of tamarind chutney on it.  It had a soft texture and was good.  I was a but disappointed that they had no dhokla.  I had read Christopher S.' review and I was interested in trying something different.Overall, this is a very solid buffet and moves to the top tier of Indian restaurants.  The price is now $10.99 but that's still very good considering the wide choice you have with their large buffet.Service was very good!  Several times, someone stopped by to see how things were.  A woman stopped once and asked me if it was too spicy so they know that they spice their foods.  Plates were cleared before I came back each time.This is another stop for after hiking when we go to an Indian buffet.  It's a great addition to the Indoian dining in Las Vegas.
4	Solid lunch buffet for $11/person- clean and organized display with all item labeled, naan available by request with garlic, and free mango lassi with Yelp check-in.Cucumber, onion, and tamarind-sauce salad is refreshing and delicious.Goat curry is meaty with good heat to it, tandoori chicken, curry chicken, chili chicken, and biryani rice all available. Vegetarian options included samosas, pekora, chana masala, dal, and squash, along with saag paneer.The salad section also has a phenomenal mint sauce that goes deliciously with absolutely everything- I'd buy this stuff to go if I could (I didn't ask).Finished up with the gulab jamun, my favorite dessert of milk-cheese balls soaked in honey sauce.I liked that the variety of the buffet was fairly diverse with a lot of lighter and vegetarian options, allowing me to sample a little of everything without totally pigging out.Service was polite and soft-spoken, we were asked repeatedly if we liked our food, which was appreciated.Having moved here from the Bay area, with about 234920349 times more Indian restaurant options to pick from, I simply wish I didn't have to cross town to find this cuisine.
5	Best Indian food ever. We tired almost all Indian restaurants in and around Vegas and this is the outstanding one. Sumptuous food, warm welcoming, and quick service are their attractions... I recommend everyone to try food here when you visit Vegas
4	Pretty good! The buffet is good and has a lot of vegetarian options. They could definitely spice up the options a bit (after all, most people who want Indian food want spicy food) and they could definitely mellow out on the salt. Way too salty! Very friendly service. It's also a lot nicer, bigger, and cleaner than you would guess from the outside. I'll be back :)
5	I am good cook of Indian and Pakistani food, so my standard for Indian and Pakistani food is pretty high. In my 35 years I've been to countless Indian and Pakistani restaurant in US and I always get disappointed in at least 95% of restaurant I have been. I am from Bay Aria there is only one good Pakistani restaurant in SF, Fremont name Shalimar, I used to travel 2 hrs. drive from Sacramento to Fremont just to eat at this restaurant to me Shalimar on scale 10. When I go to any Indian and Pakistani restaurant I compare it to Shalimar. I just recently move to Las Vegas and start trying new restaurant and came across Delhi Cuisine restaurant and scale 1 to 10 its up there at 8 and believe me every other restaurant  I've been never cross more than 4 on scale. The best Indian Buffet restaurant, place is clean service is great and food is absolutely delicious fresh and tasty. Usually they have about 25 different dishes to choose from.  fresh plain or garlic nan the buffet is only for $10. You cannot beat that. I go there at least every other day for lunch. If you are looking for Indian and Pakistani food in Las Vegas this is the only place in town try it and you will love it.
5	The food is excellent. The service, one of the best I have seen at any Indian Restaurant's.Their Biryani is very tasty, the pa Kora s - perfectly sprinkled with tiny salty spices and the mood music was superlative too. Love this place.
5	Our cravings were satisfied indeed! Chicken biriyani was amazing (5 stars). Chicken tikka masala with plain naan bread was ideal especially if you only eat chicken breast. I also got free mango lassi was delish!
1	Decided to give this a place a try during "DinnerService".As we entered we quickly noticed the emptiness. 1st Started with an Appetizer, "Chicken Pakora" ($6) for drinks we ordered the Mango Lassi (1 free via Yelp check-in) Very delicious!  it's like biting into a very ripe mango!My Wife ordered the "Authentic Chicken Curry"  ($14), I had the "Prawn Xacuti" ($21)......The problem with this place is that they use the same "Base Sauce", the Sauce used for the Prawn Xacuti and Chicken Curry dishes tasted the same!, only difference was color and spice level , that's it!Initially I was going to try the Non-Vegetarian Delhi Thali but was told by waiter that the Chef "did not time for that" so I chose the "Prawn Xacuti" . The portions regardless of dish/price are the same. Once our food arrived we really couldn't eat peacefully as the waiting staff were constantly asking if the food was OK, like every few minutes, I avoided making eye contact after the 2nd time, I just wanted to eat the freaking food! this place was a total disappointment guess the Wife and I should of just done the Buffet, but No Thanks, you only get to disappoint us once! We will never return!
5	Diamond in the rough. Fantastic food and exceptional service. We had dinner tonight and we will go back tomorrow for lunch:-) Thank you for the wonderful experience.
5	Not too far from vegas strip. The lunch special is a great deal! Best food I ate while in vegas! Get the chicken tikka masala over white rice!! So good :) also very nice staff.
5	My husband and I love good Indian curry.  In fact, most times we prefer to cook at home rather than going out.  Enter Dehli.  They have an awesome lunch buffet that has a lot of curries that are difficult to make at home.  Overall, go to this place for lunch and order the Garlic Naan
5	To start with I have been lazy on this review I ate here couple of months ago when I was in Vegas last and I owe them this review cause I searched them on yelp and boy was I glad to have landed there with my wife. We were greeted very warmly and shown around the dishes they served that day in buffet wich was priced very reasonably at 10.99 . Food was delicious we loved chicken Tikka masala and couple of other chicken and veg dishes ghot curry was great and we simply fell in love with the punjabi curry witch was finger licking good ( we Indians eat with hands  not forks) desserts were also good as was the service . I would definrtly recomend it to every one and will definetly eat here when I visit Vegas again
5	I have never imagined that I would get such a great Indian vegetarian food in Vegas. This is a great place for any vegetarian folks out there in Vegas, especially this restaurant serves Jain( food without onion, potatoes and garlic). The staff is very friendly and helping. I would recommend to visits this place if you're looking for delicious Indian food and great ambience. Totally worth it.
5	Delicious briyani, highly recommend Waiter is very friendly and quality is good Food is not pricey compared with other food in Vegas
5	My family loved the food.. My kids had the greatest time ever.. We had a wonderful time and the food was amazing ... Thank you Hary for everything .. Amy
4	Great service! Good food! The reason I am giving four stars is because it did take a long time for the food to come out. Granted we were warned ahead of time, so at least we prepared ourselves for the long wait.
5	Great buffet, service is great, good food for the money cant go wrong with this place
5	Delicious food!  So much flavor!  Lots of variety.  Very friendly staff.  I enjoyed trying the mango lassi with my yelp check in!  The garlic naan bread is so yummy!!!!  Will be back soon!  Nice family restaurant.
5	Had an Indian person in town for the first time so we tried a few different restaurants courtesy of yelp and by far this place was the best. On top of it, service was outstanding even though it was just the lunch buffet. The workers clearly take pride in their restaurant.
5	Really enjoyed this buffet! Lots of selections, large parking lot, friendly service!When I went, they didn't serve any dishes with paneer but hopefully next time I visit again, they'll have it! Great flavor and consistency with all their selections.
5	Very good Indian lunch buffet. They even do it on weekends! Fantastic garlic Naan complimentary as well.
5	Came here for buffet with friends, and boy it was amazing. Indian buffet was only $9.99. This is the cheapest buffet in town. Everything is tasty, they have 5 vegetarian and 5 non vegetarian options. They even put out tandoori chicken and chicken kabab together. Gulab Jamun for buffet thats crazy, never have i seen someone put gulab jamun for buffet.
5	Norm K invited a bunch of Yelpers to eat here for the lunch buffet. I wasn't expecting my taste buds to be delighted at almost every bite or for everything here to taste good and fresh, but that's pretty much what I got.You know the rule of thumb about places that largely serve their own demographic, right? Well, I got really excited when I walked in and saw tables and tables full of Indian customers. It's such a huge place that I'd almost call it a dining hall rather than a dining room, and there were plenty of tables available for our group. Wish the lighting wasn't so dim, but that's a minor issue.Naan, either standard or garlic depending on what you ask for (I think the garlic actually gets too soggy, but table majority ruled), is brought out by servers as needed. The rest of the food and condiments are in the buffet line. Starting from the front of the line, you run meats, veggies, and sauces/desserts. I'll just list what I had:- Tandoori chicken: the one without sauce; luckily, only a little dry as opposed to the considerably or ridiculously dry fare at other places.- Chili chicken: reminiscent of some Chinese fried chicken offerings, but pretty sweet, not too spicy, and definitely fresh as opposed to what you might expect at an Asian buffet.- Chicken curry: can't recall the flavor exactly, but I'm sure it was good.- Chicken makhani: aka butter chicken, definitely a favorite of mine at Indian restaurants. Rich and delicious here as well.- Goat curry: tasty, somewhat fatty, typical gaminess of goat meat. Delicious.- Chicken biryani: chicken and rice dish, kinda sour but still not noticeably dry.- Vegetable pakora: a fried vegetable dish, wasn't very special but could pair with something like the saag paneer- Vegetable samosa: fried pastry stuffed with potato, good filling to crust ratio, crunchy on the outside and warm on the inside, not too spicy if at all spicy- Saag paneer: creamy spinach with cheese. Didn't even pick up cheese until round 2, so I was pleasantly surprised. Tastes good until you get really full. "Hey ma, I ate my veggies!"- Navratan korma: curry with cheese and potato, or at least those were the only two I fished out of the buffet tray. Pretty tasty, worth it even for meat-eaters like myself.- Tamarind sauce: sweet sauce that you can dip naan in. Helped to combat the sour taste when I accidentally bit into something unpalatably sour from the chicken biryani.- Mint sauce: light, and as minty as you would reasonably expect. I didn't really try pairing this with as many of the dishes as I should have, but I'm sure it would complement something well.- Gutab jamun: I probably have had this before, but I'll be darned if any place has made it this good. Great warm dessert dumpling in a sweet sauce. Wish I'd had room for more!- Kheer: rice pudding available next to the fruit, mildly sweet and probably should be eaten before you overwhelm your mouth with gulab jamunI haven't gone out of my way to try every Indian restaurant around my hometown of San Jose or around the Vegas area, but Delhi Indian Cuisine serves through and through the best Indian food that I've had so far, period. The buffet thing is icing on the cake as it hardly detracted from the quality and was a tremendous value at $11. Fair warning, though: it was a busy Sunday lunch, and I don't know if the weekday holds up. Go as early as you can for freshness, perhaps?
5	We came here for dinner and ordered from the regular menu, as buffet is only available during lunch. Appetizers were generally priced at about $5, and entrees range from about $11 - $15. So it is a little pricey, but the portions were generous. We ordered vegetable pakora, saag panner, tandoori chicken, and aloo gobi. We also got a free Mango Lassi for our Yelp check-in, and complimentary Galub Jamuns for dessert (served warm)! My husband and I were both full by the time we left, and we had enough left over for lunch the next day. The food was absolutely delicious and the staff was very nice. There place was pretty empty, only about 5 tables were occupied, so the staff was very attentive - asking if we needed more water, and checking to make sure we were enjoying our meal. I'll definitely be coming back here - only next time I hope I can make it for the $10.99 buffet lunch!!
5	I am sorry this restaurant is not closer to our part of town, for when we are craving Indian food! My husband and I stopped in for their lunch buffet. A great selection, and all the food tasted fresh. I thought the particular standouts were the Goat Curry, the onion bhaji, and the garlic naan. I love goat, and of course its not easy to find in the U.S., and this is a staple on Delhi's buffet. Goat meat is a little stronger tasting than beef, and stood up to the sauce very well. The cuts of meat are on-the-bone...I wanted to dive in with my fingers and grab each piece and gnaw it clean!  The onion bhaji was crisp and tasty; not greasy at all. And the garlic naan was light and chewy and very, very fresh.I'm not a big fan of the bright yellow curry sauces, but my husband reported that the Punjabi curry was very good. The saag paneer was good also.. The tandoori chicken wasn't as highly spiced as I like, but it was moist enough to be tasty. Like the onion bhaji, the samosas were crisp, not soggy, and had a nice flavor. The biryani rice was a little greasy, but that was probably my only real nitpick with any of the dishes.They also have the standard side sauces, raita and mint sauce. We could have eaten those all day long, with baskets of naan! For dessert, there was warm carrot halwah (very tasty, but a little odd to us; not quite a side dish; not quite a dessert); and one other selection. You'll have to look for the "samia" (I've always known it as "kheer"), at the back of the salad table. It's not labeled as a dessert, and it's right next to the similar-looking raita sauce. If you aren't familiar with it, its a sweet milk and vermicelli-noodle pudding flavored with cardamom. I like mine with more cardamom, but this was a nice cool & sweet ending to a spicy lunch :-) With one soda pop, our meal for 2 was about $25, and well worth it. Rather than cook just one main dish at home, we enjoyed being have a lot of good Indian food at one meal. Oh, and the employees were very friendly as well!
5	The BEST place to get your masala fix! The place to be whether you want an extensive vegan Indian spread or if you are a carnivore at heart. The lunch buffet spread is impressive. For only $10.99 you have transported your palate to India aboard the royal elephants with the cool Maharajas of Rajasthan.  The staff are attentive ... make that very attentive and friendly. Pleasant ambiance, glass goblets, paper lined white tablecloths and linen napkins.  The food speaks for its self. The flavors are so pure, complex and divine. You can taste the unique blends of masala spices like cardamom, turmeric, fennel are noticeable. From the Dals, Curries, Pulaou, Tandooris to the Koftas, Paneer, Tikkas and Kormas - the food is awesome. Plus the condiment section is amazing: lime chutney, tamarind sauce, chili peppers, corriander chutney, Raita etc are just nice touches to make your experience unforgettable. Fresh Naan brought to your table bubbly, crusty and pipping hot! I love this place. I drove 17miles to get here and it was worth it. Give this place a try.
3	Does Delhi Indian Cuisine serve the best Indian food I've tried?  Sadly no.  Do they serve the worst I've tried?  Far from it.  Simply put, Delhi Indian Cuisine is average if not slightly above.  I went with a group of Yelpers for a Sunday lunch buffet.  I was impressed by the overall number of dishes to try and found the $10.99 price to be quite fair.  Not being one to shy away from new foods, I tried a sampling of nearly all the options Delhi has to offer from meat dishes to vegetarian.  I even tried the curried goat, a protein new to me.  It wasn't bad but there was nothing about it that made me think "oh my goodness, this is awesome." In fact, that is true for basically everything I tried.  There was nothing that I wanted to push aside but there was also nothing I wanted to go back up to serve up seconds of.  I had their chicken makhani and chicken tikka masala which are typically my favorites at an Indian restaurant.  Both were good just not spectacular.  My biggest disappointment was the saag paneer.  I got a nice healthy scoop of saag but had trouble finding the paneer.  Its a good thing I like creamed spinach because that is about all it was.  At least on my plate.  I did see others with paneer on their plates so maybe I just got the bottom of the barrel before it was refilled.  At the other end of the buffet bar, I did like the desserts quite a lot.  I tried and thoroughly enjoyed the galub jamun and the syrup those little dough balls are in.  There was a rice porridge or pudding of sorts that was tasty too.  Sweet, cool and refreshing on a balmy summers afternoon.  In the end, the food was fine but the company was better.
5	Great indian buffet!!!! Will definitely be going back when in Vegas!!! Lots of choices to choose from. Don't know the name but the carrot dessert was delicious!!!!! Best I've had!
5	Amazing Indian food. Hari was very accommodating. We kept it simple with chicken Vindaloo and the traditional chicken curry, but both were incredible. The paneer kulcha was the perfect vehicle to deliver these tasty morsels to our bellies. Check this place out if you are in the Las Vegas area and LOVE Indian cuisine. Highly recommended. Cheers! I am ridiculously full.
5	Went here with my wife for the lunch buffet, no wait at all to sit down and immediately asked what kind of naan we wanted (Garlic or Butter). We each went up to the buffet and there was a large selection of different foods, I loaded up on Chicken Tikka Masala, basmati rice and vegetable samosas. The chicken was delicious and not dry on the middle as some other places I've been to that don't let there chicken sit in the sauce for too long, this was deliciously juicy throughout. The garlic naan was delicious as well and complimented the meal nicely. I had a couple other things from the buffet that I've never had before and all was nicely cooked. We left after filling up on one plate each, both wanting to go back for more but knew better. Final bill was about $23 total for two (both drank water).
5	Having a delicious lunch before I go into work!  Started my lunch off with a free mango lassi! Check in on yelp for a free mango lassi or soda!  So yummy! Always great service too!
5	i've gone back a few more times for the lunch buffet and its still fantastic. only wish they offered a dinner buffet atleast once a week.
4	Nice food. Their Garnic naan is good. Its better than few other places in Vegas. Their staff is nice too. Its basically owned by Nepali couple. Buffet is $10.99 plus taxes.
5	Hands down, the best Indian food in Las Vegas.  The buffet is incredible and economical.  Plus a free drink when you check in on Yelp!
4	This restaurant is big and has a nicer setting than I thought it would. The owner Hari, comes from Tamba on the strip. I was dining by myself so I went with the vegetable thali and mango lassi which is free if you check into yelp. My mango lassi was made in a blender at the bar so I could hear it being made from where I was sitting. The mango lassi was icy and tasted watered down. This was the first non creamy mango lassi I have had. The samosa filling was well seasoned, not too greasy, but breading was a tad thick. It took 45 minutes for my vegetable thali to come. I am used to Indian restaurants being abnormally fast. The presentation of the thali was classy and each dish tasted freshly made. My favorites were the malai kofta and the Kashmir sabji, the rest I could have done without. The malai kofta was well executed and the creaminess of the curry and aromatic spices worked harmoniously. First time I have had the Kashmir sabji and the assorted vegetables seasoned with herbs and spices pairs well with the richness of the malai kofta.  All the food I had was thoughtfully prepared and freshly made. Hari seems to genuinely care about his customers. After finding out i didn't like my mango lassi he made me another one without the ice. I hope they work on getting the food out in a more timely manner because I do not know anyone that wants to wait almost an hour for Indian food.
4	As much as I enjoy trying new things, there are certain cuisine I am a creature of habit. I have my favorite spot for that food and I am just not messing with it. Indian lunch buffet is one such thing, but after hearing some love from trusted friends, I reluctantly shook up our routine and tried out this new spot. It's a large open room so it's probably a better bet if you are dining with a large group as the other better buffets are rather small dining rooms. Size of the buffet is fairly good as there were 16 hot dishes, some chutney, lettuce, cucumbers, some fruit and kheer. We got the garlic naan, which I thought was superb and had nice garlicky flavor. All the food was solid, but there were a few standout dishes for me. Tandoori chicken was juicy and I appreciate these aren't huge hormone large pieces. The goat curry had a nice flavor in the sauce, though quite a bit of bones to navigate., Saag paneer was solid, a bit creamier than average. The one surprise for me is the malai kofta. In the past, I've disliked this dish at other places, but I loved it here because of the texture of the kofta. I find some places it just is dry and dough-y and full of blah, but the texture of this is soft and creamy even. There wasn't a label for it, but it was sort've cut up pieces of sausage similar to a lulu kebab that had a nice gingerly flavor to it that was awesome wrapped in naan with chutney. The yellow daal was really tasty - probably my favorite one I've had in the recent years. I see that there are pics of the Himalayas and seen some mention of there being Nepalese owners and Indian owners so it's reflected in the way food is flavored. I find Napalese is less spicy and more a balance with savory and sweet. Service was decent. We had our drinks refilled and the people were friendly. There's a current check in for a lassi or soda so we took advantage and got a free mango lassi which was yummy. I think this matches my usual standby in quality so I'm glad we went. I think I will alternate between this place and Mint depending on the type of Indian I feel like having.
4	Chef owned, not too busy yet, they are motivated to impress the customer. Some of the food is close to street style, but the chef has enough experience to keep the food authenticly close to the dhabas near Delhi. The waiter was also a partner and he was as courteous and friendly as can be. Most authentic North Indian food in Las Vegas. Most of the others have Americanized enough.
4	Food is really good and very nice waitress...Restaurant is very spacious  and try Lassi...Sambar is very tasty.
1	Last night, my mother and I stopped in for dinner. We ordered garlic nan bread, tandoori chicken, & a mild curry chicken. The curry chicken was very good, but the Tandoori chicken, not so much. We never received refills on our drinks, the service was okay at best, and when we asked for for more rice, we were told no! But here's the kicker, we were never thanked nor did anyone say goodbye as we were walking out the door. Maybe the buffet during the day would be a better option since you're serving yourself.
5	FINALLY found some good Indian food in this city! This will be our go to place for Indian food from now on. The lunch buffet was so delicious and most importantly FRESH! The atmosphere was nice and clean. The staff was very polite. The restaurant is chef owned and you can tell that he takes pride in his food and restaurant.
5	Excellent lunch buffet. They offer both meat and vegetarian options for the buffet. Large dinning area with plenty of space.
5	I am Indian and am disappointed with restaurants' lack of proper flavor 90% of the time.  This place is different.  The lunch buffet gives you tons of options, and the dishes are prepared with care and taste delicious.  The tandoori chicken is moist, the pakoras have great flavor, and the garlic naan was right up there with the best I've ever had.  I'm going back immediately to try some dishes off the dinner menu!  The most telling detail about this place is that every single customer was Indian, not surprising at all for a place of this caliber.
5	We LOVED this place! The food selection on the lunch buffet was incredible and tasted amazing. We're pretty picky about our Indian food, and this place did not disappoint! They had some dishes new to us! Fav dish was the Chicken Tikka Masala. Flavors were nice & even. Some Indian buffets do not have much for a "salad" section, but here they did, with pickled items and a mango desert. We witnessed staff taking food temperature readings, which is a nice thing to see. It means they care about the customer. Very clean, & friendly staff. I lived out in NYC for a number of years, and this restaurant beats the places in Little India in Queens and the fancy places on the East side of Manhattan.
5	I love their buffet. They had briyani when we were there for lunch a few weeks ago. Friendly server.
3	It's all good but most of the plates don't have any meat. Also there are no desert at all. However they are really friendly and nice.
5	Delicious yummy food.  Loved Malai kofta, palak paneer, kali  daal, aloo tiki, samosa, chilli paneer.  Must try their falooda kulfi.  Very good services.  Their garlic naan is must try.  Found out that they serve jain food too. Love it....
4	Delhi Indian Cuisine was the second Indian buffet that we tried during our last trip to Vegas. It is located not too far from the south end of the strip so location and accessibility was not a problem. Upon entering my first impression was that the place seemed pretty inviting. It was spacious with the buffet nicely spread out along the far end, tables nicely spaced apart so after having eaten in Mount Everest the previous day this was a welcome change.The buffet again has all the standard items that you will find in an Indian buffet. Appetizers included tandoori chicken, vegetable pakodas (vegetable fritters) and samosa (puff pastry with potato filling). Entrees included butter chicken, goat curry, saag, rice, biryani and noodles. Desert included gajar ka halwa (carrot pudding) and kheer (sweetened rice pudding with milk). Taste wise what stood out to me was that everything was good but not great. Well the biryani and naan (provided fresh on the table) were both excellent but all the entrees were enjoyable but nothing popped out. The deserts could have been better. The gajar ka halwa cried out for some more mava (heavy cream) and the kheer for more sugar. Obviously they were made keeping the health conscience, not too sweet regulars in mind (another resturant which was full of locals). Service was good, all our plates were cleared promptly and price wise it was $10.99 which is pretty much standard for Indian buffets.Overall I feel that the food surely needs a shot in the arm, but considering the overall package of location, decor, service and value for money a repeat visit is surely on the cards during our next visit.
5	My wife and I came for the lunch buffet.  The food was excellent in taste and variety.  We had eaten at Mt. Everest a month ago and had tasted it a bit too salty.  The service was excellent.There seemed to be a good balance of vegetarian/vegan and chicken or goat options.  Nice salad section and 3 dessert choices as well as honey dew, cantaloupe and orange wedges.  Oh, and let me not forget the naan.  We got plain and garlic and both were fresh, tasty and plentiful.  I think next time though, we'll get ALL garlic naan though...it was that good.We most definitely will be back again.Rafael
3	Food was GREAT!!!! I only docked 2 stars since service was pretty much non-existent. We went in on a Friday afternoon for the lunch buffet, it was a slow day I suppose, there were probably only 6 other patrons eating there. After you are seated and given your drink and naan, you are pretty pretty much on your own until its time to pay. If you ever want a drink or naan refill during the rest of your meal, you'll have to get up and go look for your server in the backroom/kitchen. I had to do this twice. Its like they don't care about your refills if its a slow day and instead just go hang out in the backroom.
4	First time trying Indian food. Didn't know what to eat so we figured AYCE is a safe way to go to try everything. All the food was delicious!!!   Be aware, some were spicier than I could handle. But the yummy mango lassi hit the spot. Manager/owner was very nice and helpful. Prices are great.  Going to go back for dinner and try more items. Only reason why they didn't get five stars was the service from the wait staff. The manager came to the table more than the young girl that was supposed to be the waitress.   Only one other table was eating besides us and she walked past our dirty plates and we had to flag her down to get drink refills. Other than that. This will be our spot to go for curry and naan.
5	The best Indian food in vegas ever. Nice staff, plenty space,no reservation need. Chicken masala is so smooth and creamy, melting in mouth. Try garlic naan! Will be back for sure.
4	Oh garlic naan! How I love you!This place has legit naan! We came to the lunch buffet, the price went up from 9.99 to 10.99, but you get a free mango lassi with Yelp check-in.Being that I'm a weirdo and I don't try everything, this was momentous for me. The inside was really dimly lit and clean clean. The buffet line was clean and the food didn't look hella old. It actually looked and smelled appetizing. My person favorites were Tandoori chicken, chicken curry and butter chicken (that's what my coworker Safi said it was called) I was super impressed by everything! The customer service was great; the food was delicious and hot. For desert we had Gajar Ka Halwaw, my coworker loves this stuff!We will be back!Yay!
5	I rarely go to a place that lands 5 stars in all aspects.  Great food, great price $10.99, good service! Ooof! I'm stuffed. Highly recommend this place.
5	My friend and I had dinner here after meeting the chef om wonderful food I enjoy the variety of naan bread and vegetable Thali relaxing atmosphere and very nice service I love going to aurhentic  restaurants where they actually have authentic music playing definitely will be coming back
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in town.  Definitely the best Indian.   The grilled paneer cubes are amazing.  The buffet is great.  Definitely worth it.  But for an experience you won't forget, go for dinner.  Too many great recommendations to list.  Just go, you won't regret it.
5	A must-visit restaurant when in Vegas and craving for Indian food. The food portion is huge, fresh and tasty, restaurant is hygienic and the service is prompt and impeccable. We were a group of five comprising of my husband, my MIL and my parents. My family can be a bit fussy and choosy when it comes to food but they all thoroughly enjoyed the food served here. We went for a vegetarian thali, sev puri, momos, chilly chicken, and chicken curry with assorted bread. No disappointments whatsoever! We were served by Hari and Krishna. They were both extremely courteous, prompt and accomodating when it came to our preferences. Special shout- out to Hari who went out of his way to give us the best service possible. Highly recommend this restaurant for its service, ambience and taste. Definitely worth giving it a shot!
4	big lunch buffet  (10.95  $ )  with lots of things to choose from . it's a little bit on the spicy side , but not too much . food was fresh and the seasoning was good . free mango lassie or soda with yelp check in . free choice of regular or garlic naan .
5	I am a self confessed foodie! I am in particular an Indian food snob! I have the opportunity to travel with my job and I try ask sorts of locally owned places. Because this place received a good review I thought I'd give it a go... Oh man! Wonderful! The Saag paneer was fantastic. As was everything I tried. Everything was fresh and flavorful. I easy Indian all over the state's and this it's by far the best I've had! I'm almost sorry I only make it to Vegas twice a year!
4	I came here for dinner because I am traveling solo for business and they offer a thali (a kind of combo plate), which is great because I enjoy variety. It was wonderful. The tandoori chicken appetizer (2 pieces, almost a meal in itself) was amazing and the assortment of dishes was just right. If you like Indian you must try this place.
5	.........???!!!
4	tasty spicy veg biriyani and authentic chiken currry . both the items were delicious. satisfied with the taste. THE INDIAN TASTE in Vegas.Do visit
4	I was travelling through Las Vegas and found this restaurant through Yelp. Thanks to it.It seems a new restaurant and 5 to 10 mins away from strip. I usually go to Gandhi but found this better for various reasons.This have plenty of parking space for vehicles and plenty of area for dining. We are larger group with three kids and  we need a plenty of space to move around. This restaurant was perfect for us. Coming to the food it was better than other Vegas Indian food i tasted. Since it became crowded the items are fresh that makes it delicious . I wont find anything in the heating tray for longer time. It always better to go early for buffets, we went late by 2pm so some of the vegeterian trays are already over so we got a little wait time for the foods to be prepared and filled up.The Non veg starters are more , so you will get good options. This is typical north indian resturant so you cant expect a South indian briyani or the idly at its best. But its typical briyani and an better idly served at north indian resturant.The butter nan and garlic nan was really delicious. And at that time there was option to get a Mango lassi for yelp check in, Its really very good. I found this as best among Indian resturants in Vegas.
5	Came in for the lunch buffet. Great food and excellent service! Garlic naan came with the lunch buffet. Mango lassi was delicious. As others have stated, lots of variety. Food was hot and tasted fresh. We will be back for sure!
4	Very good buffet, at least twenty items to choose from, haven't eaten dinner there yet. Very friendly staff.
5	I've constantly been disappointed with Indian food in the US, but this place is awesome! I ate way too much, but it was just so good that I couldn't stop. I would definitely go back if we weren't leaving Vegas tomorrow morning.
4	I came here today 45 minutes before their lunch buffet closed and it was a good experience. We were sat promptly as our party was already there. They have about 12 hot dishes that range from curries to rices and then a salad bar.The stand outs were the chicken curry, goat curry, and the chicken tikka masala. They also gave our table two orders of garlic naan. The naan was piping hot and full of garlic.I would say the amount of meat in the curries was minimal but given it was a buffet I understood. Plus the flavors of all of the curry dishes were each so delicious and unique that the sauce with naan was enough for me.I'm used to having curry in a non AYCE setting and I don't know if I'll ever do that again. The value of the buffet was really good for the variety.I also liked their fried onion fritters, the veggie samosas, and their rice and chicken dish. I don't know any of the names but everything was worth a try.The staff was solid for a buffet as in those 45 minutes I had my drink refilled about 5 times. They also cleaned up our plates before I got back from each trip the buffet lineThey also had this spice mix when you leave up front that was full of spices they used like dinner mints which was cool to try.I like the value, the restaurant staff, the decor, and definitely the flavors. For $35 after tax for three people it's an excellent value and I'll return very soon.Chicken tikka masala that is comparable is about $15 at most establishments on its on so this was awesome.
4	Food is pretty decent, prices are reasonable, and Harry (the manager) takes care of customers very nicely. Halal. Lunch buffet is $12 and has a wonderful selection. Restaurant is nice decor, clean, great service.
1	This place was so horrible!!  I love Indian food and had it bookmarked for a while.  I was excited to suggest hitting it up to 2 of my good friends for dinner end of business day. I arrived first and it was empty and cavernous.  I ordered a cocktail while waiting for my friends.  15 minutes went by and my first friend arrived and still no cocktail. I was the only one there!  It was forever before she finally brought my drink and when she did it was the wrong cocktail. I explained it was a goose and side of fresh lemon juice the first time. She brought out a goose and a fresh lemonade.  When I told her it was wrong she totally copped an attitude with me, then went back to the bar only to make another wrong cocktail which was goose and a lemon soda!   When I told her she got it wrong yet again she told me she's never had somebody in there like me and she started yelling in her native language to another of her associates... and clearly it was about me lol  Then someone came out of the kitchen, we believe it was an owner, and started accusing her of stealing keys.  It turned into an all out screaming match in the middle of the restaurant.  I mean take it outside!  The cooks even came out of the kitchen to get ring side seats, eagerly awaiting the blood shed.   Our friend finally arrived in the midst of the insanity. It was like an episode of cops was unfolding before our very eyes.  We exited the establishment post haste.  Unfortunately we never tried the food but the ambience or lack there of leads me to want to leave a negative star rating, but I have to give it a one to post.  Needless to say it's erased from my bookmarks forever!  I was ashamed it was my suggestion in the first place. My friends definitely applauded me for the stellar recommendation lol
2	Was OK, not the best, Lacked flavor
5	Last night was my first time at this establishment and I was not at all disappointed. The food was stellar and the staff were charming. I over ordered and took home far more than we managed to eat. I will be back very soon.
5	OUTSTANDING! When we walked in, we had our doubts.  The restaurant is pretty big, and the decor is very nice.  But it was 7:30PM and the place was literally empty.  Not one other customer.  Normally, this would have turned us off, but we decided to give it a try because of the good reviews on Yelp.  We were not disappointed.  My Butter Chicken was not the best I've ever had, but it was delicious with the perfect amount of spice.  My nephew said that his Tikka Masala was the best he's ever had.  He lives in Vegas and commented that he has a new "go to place" for Indian.  Our vegetable samosa's were very nice as well, but the reason I have to give five stars is because of the Chicken Pakora's.  They had the perfect amount of breading in comparison to the chicken.  The outside was just crispy enough, and the chicken on the inside was moist, tender, and juicy.  They were without a doubt the best pakora's I've ever had, and I've been to Indian restaurants all over the world.  The service was very friendly, and quick (granted, we were the only ones in the restaurant), and the prices were surprisingly reasonable.  Give Delhi Indian Cuisine a try if you are in Vegas and want a fantastic Indian meal.  You will not be disappointed!
4	If you want to eat good Indian food this is the place. Chicken curry and daal is very nice, service is amazing, nice place to have North Indian food
4	owned by a nepali, but serves authentic indian food. The service was slow even though we were the only ones in the restaurant on a Fri night. The location is a bit far from the strip, but worth the trip.
4	I ate my first plate of Indian food about a year and a half ago and it seems like I've had it at least once or twice a month ever since. The stuff's addicting, like crack well not really. Why didn't I know about Indian food when I was going to school.Anyways Delhi Indian Cuisine is the latest Indian restaurant in my rotation. It's located in a plaza on the NE corner of Flamingo and Maryland between Toys"R"Us and Albertsons. Of course you have to do the lunch buffet I think it was $10.99 which is about the same price for everyone else, you might find someone doing it for $9.99. The food here is delicious, not my favorite for taste but maybe a close 2nd with the other business one block over. Forgive me but I don't know what all the dishes are but I love the green stuff, the orange stuff, the reddish stuff, and the chicken stuff. Nah I'm kidding, almost but I'll pretty much eat everything they have to offer, the tandoori chicken, the chicken tikka masala, the chilli chicken, the goat curry, the saag paneer, the garlic naan, the gulab jamun, etc. Well almost everything, I still haven't tried the chow mein yet.It does seem like it can hold a lot of people, you could throw a party,  and it has been very busy each time I've been there. They have booths and tables. Customer service is alright they do seem to be shorted handed and do take a while to do thinks like getting the garlic naan.They have check-in offer of a free soda or lassi. Each time I've been there I've asked them for the lassi but they've yet to brought be one. Good luck on getting your. Dammit I see that a lot of you are getting yours.
5	And the NEW Undisputed Indian Champ of LV is......DelhiJust a week ago I went to another 4.5 star Indian Buffet off Sahara and there's no comparison - Delhi's so much better and I need to revisit Mint to see if it unseats it but I"m pretty sure it does.Their lunch buffet selection is ridiculous with Biriyani, Goat Cury, Chicken Curry, Tandori, and many other specialties.  They switch it up as I've been a few times and everything is done better than Mt Everest Indian.  The goat curry here had better flavor and was more tender.   When they bring you the naan, it's piping hot made to order chock full of garlic.  I went to play a poker tournament after and this definitely helped me force a couple folds.They have a great check in deal where you get a free Lassi or soda - gotta go with the Mango Lassi. I've yet to come for dinner but if their lunch buffet is this good i'm sure it will also deliver!
5	Unassuming and amazingly delicious. If you like Indian and Nepalese food you gotta try it.
5	Wish I could give you 10 stars. Food is excellent. Buffet is a great price. Staff are friendly. Place is clean and beautiful. Nice dining experience.
1	Hardly any options for veg food and the veg curries were tasteless. Th white rice was not cooked properly and the Nan was cold. i did not like the appetizers or the desert as well. Probably the place was catered to non -veg folks but considering it was buffet i think it should have been better.
3	Slightly on the expensive side for dinner buffet, good options for people who love meat, but usual/not much different options for people who don't eat meat. Price would be what that could prevent me from going back.
4	The Skinny: the Nepalese/East Indian cuisine is very satisfying... not to mention great piping hot naan that is perfectly crispy on the bottom with a slight chew. Only sad thing is that they do not consistently have kheer which is my fav. (4) service: always pretty good - water glasses are filled consistently (4) value: for $11.99, the lunch buffet is a great value - good for groups due to the large dining room (4).This is our new go-to Indian Buffet joint in town. Sporting a good variety of items, they offer both Nepalese/East Indian flavors. The dining room is spacious and is capable of serving large groups of people comfortably.Service is usually pretty good and your water glass is never left unfilled.My favorite items include the saag paneer, chana masala and the aloo gobi. So delicious and usually always there. Their raita is nice and thick. They do not have chutney available as a condiment however the tamarind sauce does okay in a pinch. The tandoori chicken is quite moist and tasty as well. The hubs is addicted to their butter chicken and daal.Their naan is great - loved the crispy bottom with the slight chew. Order it with garlic at no extra cost. Awesome!Their one weakness in my opinion are the desserts. They have a rather artificial, watery mango "custard". This is in rotation with the vermicelli payasam which I found to be a bit too sweet and one note. I kind of miss the kheer using rice pudding and cardamom.Overall, these are minor issues to an great buffet. 4 starred review.
5	OMG Yelpers - thanks so much for your recommendations - we were in Vegas for the weekend and didn't want to eat on the Strip. We drove out to this place for dinner because of all of the Yelp reviews and it was fantastic. Everything was delicious and authentic (and spicy!) and the service was great too. We cannot wait to come back - yay!
3	Very tasty food... not a very large selection but good for the buffet i guess.  the service was very very slow.  took almost 20 min to get the bread which is essential in eating indian food!  place wasnt even busy. we must have asked the waitress at least 4 times and she just kept forgetting.  all in all it was good....
5	Hands down the best Indian restaurant I've ever been to. The lunch buffet is only 9.99 and the quality and taste of the food is amazing!  The staff was very attentive by keeping our glasses full and giving us as much naan as we wanted. The garlic naan is delicious and they have a bunch of vegetarian options. My boyfriend eats meat and he was surprised with how many meat options they had as well. I'm so happy I tried  this place, it's soooo good!
3	Buffet starts at 11 and we reached at 11:30. We were surprised food was cold already. Chicken biryani and chicken curry were really good, everything else was okayish. Service was good and very polite.
1	UPDATE. This restaurant has literally gone from the best indian restaurant in vegas to just another indian restaurant in las vegas, The main reason might be the change in chef a couple weeks ago, I've been to delhi india cuisine a few times now but now the taste has changed significantly from the food tasted there a month ago, the service has never really been commendable anyway, Do not believe the reviews, most of the 5 stars come from family profiles, SMH. Looks like im going to have to go back to mint or mount everest.
1	My coworker and I went here for lunch today because the Mint was too busy.  We arrived around 12:20pm, and the pickings were scarce. No naan. No pokora. They were out and didn't replenish for 1/2 hour. Lentil soup was watery. I think the most aggravating thing was they were just plain out of items and did not replace the whole 30+ minutes I was there. They also have the nerve to kick up the price 2.00 more for lunch. You can't do that if you can't back up the price increase. This was by far one of the worst buffets I have been to. When I complained about the lack of essentials when I went to pay, there was no apology, no "let me take the drinks off." Nothing. A blank stare. I will never go here again. Save your money and take it to the Mint where the food is delish and FULL buffet ALL the time.
5	First time food here love chicken Briyani love service and food thanks I will be back for sure thanks you guys for the wonderful food
2	My boyfriend and I decided to try this place after finding out our first choice restaurant had a 60 to 90 min wait.  Little did we know that we would end up waiting for 10 minutes before we were even given water and a chance to order, and another 50 minutes before our food would arrive.  And the restaurant was only half full!  After we finished eating, we called for the check and again, we were made to wait as we watched the guy who promised to bring us the check run around, refilling the potpourri bowl and ringing other customers up..basically doing anything but bringing us the check.  I guess the food was decent enough.  But I don't care how decent your food is, if you can't get your food out within a reasonable amount of time when your restaurant is only HALF full, then you've got an issue and you can forget about ever attracting your customers back.  As such, we could have stayed at our first choice restaurant and still ended up eating at around the same time.  We would also have saved on the gas money it took us to drive over to this place.
3	The food was great!   Tomato soup, garlic naan, tandoori chicken, Karachi chicken.  However as great as the staff was last time, this time not so much.  Mostly attentive, just chaotic.   Also the decor could use lots of help.
2	Quantity over quality is best way to describe this location. It also doesn't help that during their buffet hours they rented out half the restaurant to a family that was celebrating their wedding party. This isn't the most professional thing to do, because things did get a bit hectic when you try to get food at the serving stations. Now to the quality of the food. The curry flavor is so-so, lot of the curries are watery. The naan was excellent, but the food can use some improvement. I'd recommend Mint, Saffron, or Mount Everest over this place. Check them out for their buffet and a-la carte meals.
5	My husband took me to this place for dinner for my birthday . I have heard lots of good things about this place and have checked the reviews in yelp. We usually don't go to the restaurant who has less than four and half stars , so we picked this place since it met our criteria . We ordered vegetable thali for both of us . The thali comes with appetizer, 4-4 different kinds of subjis, dal , raita , rice , naan and sweet desert .  The food was amazing , never had such a flavorful Indian food in my life ever . And the service was the best . Servers were so much polite and friendly . Nicely decorated large dining hall , I talked to the one of the server he was saying they can accommodate over 200 people in single sitting . Also they have full liquor bar. And they said they have the lunch buffet everyday , so I will definitely come back and try their lunch buffet . I would recommend try this place !!
