5	i'm going to be honest, i'm a nail biter so i get my nails done like clock work...every two weeks and i'm there the moment they open the doors (yeah i'm that girl).  getting my nails done keeps me from biting them and going every 2 weeks for the past year makes me highly qualified to review k nails since that's where i always go.  the prices are very affordable and the service is fantastic!!  they always do a great job, the color selection is awesome, and everyone is extremely friendly.  i have been to other nail salons (some that have awesome reviews and are suppose to the "nail salons" to go to in charlotte, but i wasn't impressed.  k nails always does a great job and i will continue to be a loyal customer.  if you are looking for a great nail salon with affordable prices, friendly service, and an all around good experience...i suggest you check out k nails.
4	Came home from work in a foul mood so I decided to lift my spirits with a mani/pedi. I arrived about 6:30 as a walk-in. They were very friendly and got me started right away. Even did my nails and feet (2 techs) at the same time to get me home faster! Super affordable, fast and run.
1	I have been to K nails several times to get my eyebrows waxed. I've even waited an hour to get them done once. But this last time I went was horrible. There was little bit of a wait. Then when they noticed I was getting antsy they had me sit in the chair instead of going to the back to get my eyebrows done. The lady knew I was a nervous about her doing them. After getting them done my eyebrows were abnormally burning. The next day I woke up with a scar over my eye right before I was suppose to go on a date. Several people ask me what happen to my eye. I was so upset. After a couple days I went back up there and explained to the girl that was there what the problem was. She said oh oh it'll be ok after a couple days. I told her his is a scar not a little cut. She told me next time we'll take care of you. There definitely will not be a next time
5	Very friendly and they did exactly what I wanted. The prices are fair.Plus they had a great music selection. Definitely will be going back.
5	The only place that I trust to do a great job on a pedicure, manicure and eyebrows. The standard pedicure includes a paraffin wax treatment that leaves your feet super smooth, also my nail polish always lasts a long time whenever I get my nails done here. Great prices and I am always satisfied with the end product, however, do be prepared to wait on Saturdays!
4	Walked in without an appointment, got in no problem.  Place was clean, staff was friendly, service was sufficient.
5	I was only in town for the weekend, but was desperate for a manicure. I don't know any locals, so decided to just go with what was close. I couldn't be any happier with my choice. I didn't have an appt, but was able to walk-in without any problems. It was a Saturday afternoon and I literally walked in behind 2 groups. To my surprise the wait was not long and I was immediately greeted. I went with their basic manicure. And let me tell you, the BEST $12 I've ever spent. They took their time, even with the constant flow of customers in and out. The exfoliation was a plus and my nails look amazing.I definitely recommend this place. Amazing manicure for an even more amazing price!
5	This is a fantastic nail salon! I really enjoy that they have a paraffin soak for your feet that is standard with a pedicure. Mimi is awesome! I had her the first time I went and had someone else the second time who was pretty rude. I made sure this last time to ask for Mimi and I'm so glad I did! She is so careful and is very pleasant. I will definitely be back!
1	Poor service.   I signed in and waited for over an hour only for them to just randomly select people to service and not look at the sign in sheet.   They also double booked my friends appointment and changed it at the last minute.   I went up the street and got immediate and  great service with a nicer atmosphere.   I suggest that you try Avalon Nails & Spa on University.
5	Ann,  was the sweetest girl ever.  Very engaging in conversation.  While they don't do the paraffin as included anymore,  you can add it as a service.  Everyone was very friendly and most of the customers that came in were known by name and treated like old friends.
4	Ok, I admit I've been back. I haven't had a experience like that since then. I only go to one person now. Her name is Susan. She does a great job and I will continue to go to her.
