4	Classic quality barbershop:  simple setting, quick turnaround, solid attention to detail, and the right price.  I went in on a Thursday morning around 8am.  Waited maybe 2 minutes, got my cut from a very friendly woman (yes, a woman, so that's a bit of a departure from most 'barbers' I suppose... but who cares as long as it's done well) who was great with conversation, did a great job with all aspects of the cut, and kept up that attention to detail that the good barber shops have with the straight-razor neck clean-up, the clippings vacuuming up, and the alcohol after shave.  I gave it a 4 out of 5 simply because there is another 'level' of barbershop that exists out there... but I will be back to this one again and again.
5	Best barber in Madison
4	The haircut is excellent.  The distinguishing feature is the sense of  community.  When I've been there, the conversation among the patrons and barbers is lively, varied, and intelligent.  Many seem to know each other.  If a politician were coming to town to get a haircut and shake hands they should probably come here to set up their photo op.There is a snacks and soda machine in the back for when the line is long.  I've been there at peak times when the wait is three or four people ahead of me but since part of the point of coming here is to enjoy your community, waiting gives a little more chance to do that.There's a graffiti mural of the Madison skyline on the wall inside the shop.  Last time I checked the owner was unhappy with how it turned out and was having it re-done.
5	This is a very nice barber shop warm and friendly terry is very attentive to the needs of his customers their atmosphere is family friendly!
5	First of all, the information on Yelp is not accurate.  Atwood Family Barbershop is open Tues-Sat 8.30am-5.30pm.  The telephone number is 608.772.0568Atwood Family Barbershop has changed owners a few times over the last decade.  I started patronizing under the previous owners, and continue to under the current owner, Terry.This is one of the few barbershops I have ever been to that is multicultural.  Terry is a skilled "black" barber which is a very specific art, but is an expert at all hair types.  The clientele is very diverse in age, race, and culture.  This is also a barbershop in the historic culture sense-- people drop in just to hang out, talk crap, watch sports, etc.  There is a lot of joking among the regulars.  In an era of Walmart and SuperCuts this is becoming lost-- the neighborhood barbershop that is also a social center of the community.  Prices are reasonable-- under $20 for a shave and a haircut-- but do not expect to get in and out in a hurry.  Take a number and wait for your turn.  There are no appointments.  I usually allow for an hour or two to wait and get cut.  You can also take a number and return before your number is called, but if you do not return in time, you lose your place.  There are often several people waiting in line for them to open in the morning.  There is WiFi, and neighboring Wilson's Bar & Grill is friendly to barbershop patrons.  There are also vending machines.  There are several TVs, usually set to ESPN.
5	Terry was so nice and helpful!!! Especially since it was my first time there and I am a out of towner in need of a nice and clean hair cut. Great barber!!! Thank you and I shall be back!!!!
5	Man the barber there hooked my hair Up!!! ;-) very nice and personable guy and truly Knows what he's doing! I loved also every race was in there or came in to get a cut:) just a well rounded barbershop and very pleasant
