3	So Sushi St-Jean opens right across the street from Kanda, the All You Can Eat big-man-on-campus, and wants to compete. Fine. Let's see if they can hold their own. I was going to Kanda with a guest and we saw the Sushi St-Jean location open, and busy, and decided to jaywalk across the street to give it a shot. Here's what I found:Pros:- Reasonably fast service- Fresh fish- Nice decor- Salmon-mango roll. Yum.- Extensive menu, except...Cons: - No tuna. Anywhere. Even though they have tuna pictured on the menu. - No sashimi for lunch. They'll fill you up on rice. Kanda has excellent salmon sashimi for all meals. - Something's wrong with their water, or their ice, or something - tastes like soap. Weird for an AYCE restaurant that is normally lightning-fast to refill your water. In fact, some of the best tasting water I've ever drank have been at AYCEs. - No low-sodium soy sauce.- Misleading photos on the menu. I mentioned the tuna above, and the #60 handroll... - No description of their house rolls anywhere. - Ordering system based on numbers only is error-prone. So they don't do a lot of what Kanda does, and while I'm not a fan of Kanda West Island, they are better than Sushi St-Jean. In this competition, Kanda takes it for me. And based on their proximity, that might mean that I never go back to give Sushi St-Jean a second chance. Given the carousel of restaurants that have occupied that location in the last 5 years, I worry for the new kid on the block.
4	My friend and I have been looking for an "all you can eat" sushi place to replace our usual Kanda, since being challenged on a tip on our last visit. Though good, it is still a "work in progress". Sunday-Thursday 22.99 Friday-Saturday 24.99. As Mark G. reviewed, do not drink the water. They only offer Perrier as a substitute, they do not have bottled or filtered water. They have yet to obtain their liquor license, so you're limited to soft drinks or juice. The service was good, however our first server struggled in communicating with us, whereas the second server was completely fluent. As per Mark G's comments in regards to the ordering, I would have to once again agree. It does leave room for error. We ordered shrimp skewers, which aren't for the faint of heart. The entire shrimp is left on, and you must peel away the shell, head and tail. I had to specifically ask for vegetarian sushi, due to it not being listed on the menu. Once it arrived, we were a little overwhelmed by there being 12 pieces of sushi, and not the usual 2 or 4. Their definition of a vegetarian roll is different, and quite good; avocado, tofu, cucumber, mango and egg. A touch on the sweet side and very refreshing!We did order ginger chicken near the end of our meal, though they did forget to bring it to us, we aren't complaining, considering we were quite full. My friend, who is a sushi enthusiast, says that it was all very fresh. She ordered her usual Californian, crab meat Sashimi, cucumber and Dragon sushi. The General Tao was also polished off.    They are lenient in regards to their $1.00 charge per leftover sushi.Decor is very nice, a clean place, though the bathrooms were a little dirty. All in all a good experience. We plan on going back again on Friday to test out our new knowledge int he ways of ordering sushi.
3	The food is really good, but the service is absolutely terrible.Let me start with the food before I explain the service. The fish is fresh, and doesn't have that weird waxy texture you experience sometimes. The temperature is also good, not cold. The selection is also excellent, far better that Kanda across the street. This aspect is actually pretty close to perfect for an all you can eat. Unfortunately, we don go to a restaurant only for the food, but the service as well. That's were the story is:We were a group of 4, for supper on a Thursday night. It was quite busy, all the tables were full.We started off the evening with a very quick request for our order, even before we had a chance to see the menu at length and before our whole party had arrived. Normally, this takes the longest, so we were happy that it looked like the service would be nice and prompt.My friend and I ordered the sushi pizza and some teriyaki chicken while we waited for the other 2 people to show up. It took almost 15 minutes for that order to arrive, by which point we had prepared our second order after the party was complete.That order took close to 20 minutes to arrive, and we placed our third order. This is where everything went downhill.We waited and waited, and were delivered sushi pizza again, despite not remembering ordering it. Alright, we were hungry, having waited over 10 minutes at that point at an empty table. Then we saw what looked like our order delivered to a table next to us. The people at that table seemed confused, but they didn't really argue and took a large plate with over 40 pieces on it. Then, we got another sushi pizza. This was a bit of a surprise, but hey, we were hungry... We asked the waited to look into our order, and he couldn't find it anymore. So we made another one.Then I witnessed something that had our table in tears we were laughing so hard, because a table behind us received an order of sushi pizza, and they had the most perplexed look on their face as the waiter served it to them. They had clearly not ordered it. But they took the plate anyways.Finally, 35 minutes after we had finished the second order, and two sushi pizzas we didn't order arrived, we got half of the third order. At this point we were fed up, but still hungry, so we placed a 4th and final order.The second half of the third order never showed up, but we got half of the 4th order.All in all, we spent 2 hours and 15 minutes at the restaurant, and had food on our table for about 30 minutes of that.I'm returning today and hope the service is better when they aren't as busy. I will report back to be sure.
4	I went there with my SO this week, and we were floored by the quality of the food!Don't believe the bad reviews, they have settled, they have liquor, and the service was GREAT. To any of you concerned about the "lack of tuna" you need to pick up a newspaper and READ:http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-2012534/Five-tuna-species-risk-extinction.htmlSo I really don't care at all!I'd recommend it in a HEARTBEAT and I hope they put Kanda out of business. Finally, an all you can eat sushi option that is FRESH and good quality!EDIT: I'll be damned if this place gets the same review as a garbage place like Kanda.
2	I was looking for another wonderful all-you-can-eat sushi experience in Montreal and thought I'd try this restaurant.  The atmosphere is very nice and service was fast to get seated and I loved the fact that they give you a Samsung Tablet to order your food whenever you want, it was quite fun.  The fun, however, seemed to stop there.  The menu is quite full and some pictures looked really nice.  I ordered a grilled salmon and when received, it was a salmon belly (almost 80 percent fat) with the bone in it.  I asked the waitress about it and she said that this is the correct order and that I can eat the fat and skin which I refused.  She said that if I wanted a lean cut then I would need to order the Teriyaki Salmon.Ok, ordered the new salmon and some more sushi and a gingered beef.  The server came in with her thumb in the sauce, really, right in the sauce of the ginger beef and happily left me with the dish.   Well, it costs a dollar to send food back and there was no plant close by to put the food in so I ate the part that was not in the sauce.The sushi rolls are nice, the tempura was delicious but then I saw something on the menu that I just had to try, the Crab.  The description showed that it was crab meat in a light tempura.  I received the dish, well, maybe crab in Montreal is different from the Maritimes but we don't consider fake crab  meat made from arctic char as being crab.  I did have a very nice discussion with a lady at another table about the place, she said never come alone and order their full dishes with noodles, they are very delicious.  Well, unfortunately I cannot make myself go back.  There is a different all you can eat sushi spot I tried (not Kanda) which was at least a 4 star place.   I will not be returning.
4	Price is a lil on the expensive side but the food was amazing.Their menu are extensive, reservations are a must. The place is packed almost every night.The service is "so-so". I went there on a tremendously busy night so I could understand it took 20 minutes or more per service.Contrarily with Kanda, you will not spend 30 minutes on the toilet bowl after eating their food. Everything is fresh and cooked to perfection. Good temperature, AMAZING ambiance and nice techie way of ordering food. Very efficient.Sadly no sake or other alcoholic beverage since they didn't get their license yet. The place is still quite new and improving. Keep an eye on it!P.S. Don't take the beef teriyaki (or whatever they decided to call it on their menu). It tastes like Windex, misery, pain, sorrow and hatred.
3	Okay I'm glad to be the first reviewer. ..(Seems like there is a good set of reviews under another name Sushi Saint Jean vs Sushi St Jean)I went to this place after seeing the sign through the kanda sushi window while having dinner at Kanda.Place is new, medium size ....great decor and modern, may be its brand new...also caters for all group size..2-6. Also saw a section on the side for large group.Went with my gf for dinner on a friday eve. This is an all you can eat placeThe lady at the door have an attitude and not so friendly, seems like all the female staff have some sort of an attitude issue... on the other hand all the male staff are very friendly and helpful.Each table will get a galaxy tablet to order. Unfortunately the lady waitress didn't bother explaining anything and she just left the tab at the table and walked away...so we assumed all and ordered...the male staff were happy to answer our questions..While ordering u can see the picture of the sushi and its content.. once u submit ur order one waiter will bring a print out of ur order to ur table.So when waiter brings your food, they cross the print out to make sure u received ur order. That also helps me, majority of the time all these all u can eat places we were not sure if we got all the food and also if we got the right food. This also helped me here, the waitress showed up at my table with sushi even though i got mine and it was crossed, she showed up crossed on top of it....and i have to tell her hey listen i already got this and its crossed. seems like she wanna push her leftovers on to us...Also noticed that they put reserve signs for all the booth to pack the first comers and save the booth for late comers. Even though we showed up at 830pm. And we stayed until 9:45-10:0 and majority of the booths were not taken.Quality of sushi is good compared to other "all you can eat" places in west island. Enough variety compared to other places, Its taste fresh.A good place to enjoy sushi and will definitely go back, (will ignore the female staff ) just because the quality of the food.  Price to quality and value its good.Will definitely go back and recommend to all sushi loversPT
3	I went to this place after seeing the sign through the kanda sushi window while having dinner at Kanda.Place is new, medium size ....great decor and modern, may be its brand new...also caters for all group size..2-6. Also saw a section on the side for large group.Went with my gf for dinner on a friday eve. This is an all you can eat placeThe lady at the door have an attitude and not so friendly, seems like all the female staff have some sort of an attitude issue... on the other hand all the male staff are very friendly and helpful.Each table will get a galaxy tablet to order. Unfortunately the lady waitress didn't bother explaining anything and she just left the tab at the table and walked away...so we assumed all and ordered...the male staff were happy to answer our questions..While ordering u can see the picture of the sushi and its content.. once u submit ur order one waiter will bring a print out of ur order to ur table.So when waiter brings your food, they cross the print out to make sure u received ur order. That also helps me, majority of the time all these all u can eat places we were not sure if we got all the food and also if we got the right food. This also helped me here, the waitress showed up at my table with sushi even though i got mine and it was crossed, she showed up crossed on top of it....and i have to tell her hey listen i already got this and its crossed. seems like she wanna push her leftovers on to us...Also noticed that they put reserve signs for all the booth to pack the first comers and save the booth for late comers. Even though we showed up at 830pm. And we stayed until 9:45-10:0 and majority of the booths were not taken.Quality of sushi is good compared to other "all you can eat" places in west island. Enough variety compared to other places, Its taste fresh.A good place to enjoy sushi and will definitely go back, (will ignore the female staff ) just because the quality of the food.  Price to quality and value its good.Will definitely go back and recommend to all sushi loversPT
3	I decided to try out sushi St. Jean based on the recommendation of my friend and then the review of Mark G below. I'm not sure how many stars to give Sushi St. Jean because I loved it and didn't like it at the same time. Confusing right?My co-worker and I went on a Thursday during lunch and the service is super speedy unlike Kanda which is directly across the street. We were sat down immediately and handed an ipad without any explanation as to what to do. Good thing we are smart enough to figure it out, click the picture of what you want. When you are finished hit SEND. I was a bit upset to discover that some sushi rolls weren't available; especially something as common as Spicy Salmon. I could eat pounds and pounds of that but didn't have not even one piece here. The food arrived at lightening fast speed. That was great. I noticed that their kitchen foods were much better than their sushi. The sushi actually left a lot to be desired. A lot of the sushi was covered in sauces. I wasn't a fan of that as I'm picky and hate sauce. (I eat my dumplings and spring rolls with soy sauce and wasabi). There was no low-sodium soy sauce which was also a bit upsetting and lead to large amounts of water being consumed which meant that when we left I felt like I needed to be rolled out of there instead of walking. The wasbai was HOT and I loved that. I feel like a lot of places make their wasabi far too tame,. I should have tried the wasbai prior to adding it to my soy sauce because I used too much! Also, when it came time to pay the bill my co-worker paid and left a small tip. He told the server to keep all the change and then he was going to leave some more change on the table for him. The waiter actually looked at him and was like, "That's it?" Dude are you kidding me? Our server changed 10 times through the lunch hour and we had the intention of leaving more money on the table. He wasn't going to break a 10 when he had some loonies and toonies in his pocket! I found that very rude.I would go back for their kitchen items but really scale back on the amount of boring sushi we had.
2	I was torn between 2 or 3 stars to be honest. Three. Would have been generous as the food is pretty much meh overall. It's a confusing way to order, the fast service is great unless you plan to have a nice  dinner as well. Let me explain..sit down, here's a table and they walk away. Sure, we will figure that out - no problem. Hit the order button.  Food comes randomly. Appetizers last, some sushi now, some cooked food later, etc...  Brought by life 5 people and no one even points out which is what.  Just eat.  Done?  Let's reset that tablet so you can order more.  Rinse, lather, repeat. Quality is ok not great but what stunk it up for me was the rapid fire service that disallowed a nice evening and for $30/person?  Excuse me but I'll just head to a "real" nice restaurant and get some actual service from it as well.
4	Usually with all you can eat sushi you tend to sacrifice quality for quantity. Not here! Not only do they have a huge menu with tons of choices, not to mention a great variety of kitchen food as well. Servers were more than happy to answer questions and make recommendations. The tablets you order off of were super user friendly and service was lightning quick. I was disappointed they did not have any tuna but the food was great regardless! Great bang for your buck!
4	Yah so.....Where do I start. This place has amazing speed, it's amazing. You order, and your food gets to you in moments. The variety is very nice, and do they have a ton of things to offer. The taste isn't anything extra ordinary, but is more than enough for a friend/family lunch and dinner. One thing I did experience which I think no one should ever experience with a sushi is that, I found a fish bone with a salmon role. I didn't bother complaining because of the fact that it was an all you can eat, so I recon the people wouldn't take it seriously. I dismissed it as a freak accident, and forgave them as their service is fine, and the meal is awesome. I highly recommend reserving a place there if you want to go, and this is especially true in the weekends, and if you are going with a fairly large group.The interior looks pleasant, not overly fancy, but a fairly comfortable space to be in. They make the sushi in front of people, which doesn't really mean anything, but gives one an interesting feeling. All in all, if you want a comfortable experience while filling yourself with all that sushi, this place is nice.Oh, and I must mention; the variety of amazing side dishes they offer, are amazing! You may want to go back just to fill yourself with the non-sushi items!
2	Not a great value. The sushi is ok. Not made to order. Other dishes are swimming in manufactured sauces. I find the wait staff to relaxed. Not eager to explain the tablet menu with a smile. Acted like they did me a favour when they did not charge me full price for my 2 year daughter for eating 2 bites of a popcorn chicken dish. Ok if your staving and plan on eating a lot. Food is served fast. Not a place if your looking to try a variety of memorable dishes or sushis.
2	I tried this place because my usual go-to place was closed for vacations, and it seemed to get a lot of hype on the recent opening.I'm really not impressed with the quality of the sushi.I've had food court sushi that was tastier and better made than what I got here.To give credit where credit is due: the fish was fresh and tender. But no taste to anything. No interesting flavour, the tastes and textures didn't blend together, the rolls were loose. The tempura was chewy. It was just the sum of its parts. I could have taken a bite of raw fish, a spoonful of rice and some chopped up cucumber and seaweed and chewed it up. Nothing special. I tried one of everything just to be sure, and was done.Wi Sushi just up the street is infinitely better. Tasty, made to order, quality sushi.Even Kanda is better if you're looking for all you can eat.Will not go back.
4	Greatest thing about the place is the service. They have you order on a tablet, which might come off as gimmicky at first, but allows for very speedy service and browsing through photos of the menu. The food was overall pretty decent, not sure how it compares with other all you can eat sushi places, but the salmon was a bit bland. The selection was varied, and like mentioned before, the service was excellent, with waiters rushing to clean out dirty plates and refill empty water glasses. Would go again.
