4	So I'm driving home in my g-ride and my check engine light starts to flash and my car starts to shake and shudder like Chitty Chitty Bang Bang! "Oh flipping s*it!!!" I mutter as I find the closest auto parts shop. For those who don't know, or who have always had nice cars to drive and never had any problems, if your check engine light goes on, you can go to Checker and ask them to use their diagnostic tool to find out why the light is on. The guy that helped me (his name escapes me right now) plugged in the cord into my car, and ominously declared "Mis-fire on cylinder 1". Instead of unplugging the tool, and walking back inside to leave me scratching my head, he popped the hood, and showed me the areas that should be looked at, parts that should be replaced and how to be savvy if I actually need to take it to a mechanic. AWESOME. He saved me a ton of money.Checker has been around forever, and they've never done me wrong. I recommend them for a do-it-yourself-er or for helpless people who have no clue why that check engine light is blinking so rudely!
5	I stopped in here late at night on my way home from work.  It was very close to closing time for the store but never once did I feel rushed.  I was in desperate need of new windshield wipers and the man behind the counter was eager to help me.  He walked out to my car and took off the old wipers, to make sure he had the right ones in stock.  He then looked up the wipers my vehicle takes on his computer and he apologized because my car only takes one brand of wipers and they happen to be very expensive (go figure, foreign car).  BUT that specific brand of wipers just happened to be going on sale the next day.  He gave me the sale price and put them on my car for me.  AMAZING.  Being a young, single, female, with my daddy almost 2,000 miles away - really makes me appreciate the fact that there are some honest people that work in the auto business and are willing to go the extra mile to help.thank you checker auto!
5	Such a relief to have them in the neighborhood!   I don't need the auto parts stores often (The Boy is super handy!), but I'm glad that Checkers is near by when I need them.  I've been in twice this month and was pleased with both visits.The first visit was some last minute Christmas shopping - an emergency car kit for my little sister.  I walked around and around but couldn't find one (not because it isn't well organized, but because I wasn't looking down).  I finally asked and a nice lady brought be right to them.  She then asked if there was anything else I needed and left me alone - something I value in sales people - the ability to leave me alone unless I ask for help.  The cashier who rung me up was a very friendly and chatty guy who proudly shared that he'd finished his Christmas shopping early for the first time in his life. :) I like it when people are normal chatty - not overly chatty - and he was just right.My second visit was just this week when my car battery decided it was done.  I managed to get my car to start again and headed strait to Checkers to see what they could do for me.  David checked my battery, explained what "200 amps low" meant and quickly replaced my battery for me.  He, too, was friendly and chatty.  No awkward silence as we stood in the mostly empty parking lot - me doing nothing while he saved my day.HOPEFULLY, I don't need any more parts for my car or anyone else any time soon, but if I do - I will definitely go back to MY Checker's on Bethany.  :) :)(It's actually called O'Reilly now...)
3	This location usually has the part you are looking for, and if not, they can get it within the same day sometimes, which is great.  The issue with this particular location is only about 50% of the employees are knowledgeable beyond what the computer spits out for them, which can be problematic when seeking advice for custom builds, etc.
