5	It was a pleasant surprise. My husband and I wanted to have a quick and delicious lunch. This place is close to our house so we decided to try it. The food was fresh and perfectly seasoned and the service was friendly and fast. We will definitely return!
5	I have driven past this place so many times and never even thought about stopping. From the street (cross streets are Pecos & Russell) it doesn't look like much. This place is definitely what you would call a "hidden gem". The dining area is aesthetically appealing with an Italian vibe. There's a full bar, but the restaurant is family friendly. Our waitress was very nice and seemed to enjoy her job. She was also very helpful in speaking with the chef about my food allergies. Note: There's no sugar in their sauce. Yay! I had the chicken parmigiana and it was Amazing! It was as good as Tivoli on Melrose Ave, and that's saying a lot.
5	Very good chicken parm and extremely good red sauce. We were driving around wit my parents who live here as they were inviting us for Italian in the neighborhood. They tried to take us to carrabas. Being from New York that was not acceptable so I looked on yelp and found this place. A surprising gem
5	This was my second time in the last few months meeting a friend for lunch atLuciano Garden Restaurant.  It is not far from my home.  The restaurant was perfect for conversation, and very comfortable.  The pizza is the best pizza I have had in a long time in the Las Vegas area.  The chopped salad was a generous portion with a lovely light dressing.  I plan to have dinner with my husband in the near future and am looking forward to trying some of their seafood, pasta dishes.
5	Chef and owner Dante and his wife are wonderful! Their food is delicious and their prices are very fair!! Their Chicken Milanesa sandwich is to die for!
1	Service was extremely SLOW only one server, my family was halfway done w/ dinner before I got my cold pizza, asked for fettuccini Alfredo but got  fettuccini noodles with red sauce,  never got drink refills, took 15 minutes to get my check and the owner just sitting at bar could care less...when I was a server food would never just sit under heat lamp if server was busy cook, owner, busser SOMEONE took food out...Won't be back again we my family wanted Olive Garden but I thought no way this small non chain place will be better boy I guess I was wrong....Go to Taco Bell across the street you will get better service
4	Great food, tried the pizza which is on par with Grimaldi's, meatballs are great, along with the fish sol, @ the angel hair pasta dish. Would definitely recommend this place for takeout, or a dine in.
4	After driving by here a million times me and the boyfriend finally stopped and decided to give the place a try. It is a very small but clean restaurant with a bar and they have live music on the weekends. We both decided to try the Pizza and it was quite tasty. I got the pizza with prosciutto, green olives, pepperoni and it was supposed to have artichoke but unfortunately they were out so I substituted mushrooms (sorry forgot the name of it) The sauce was nice and flavorful and the crust was crispy. The boyfriend opted for their signature pizza the "Salame Piccante" and he said it was very good as well (he loves anything with black olives)  We wanted to try their empandas but was told they were out of those as well. I guess the previous night they had a tango event and sold out of a lot of their foods, so that was kind of disappointing but oh well. We ended up getting a side of french fries instead and they were really yummy, fresh and hot and they sprinkled parsley on top to add the finishing touch. All in all it was a good experience and they have good food and prices are fair. I will definitely be back to try their seafood cioppino and desserts!!!
1	This is by far the worst restaurant in Las Vegas. I am from Argentina and also Italian. Both combination of food were absolutely horrendous.Service I snot only slow but cheap and almost not existent.I am for sure that the other reviews are internet or some friend of them. It was the most discussing food in my life.Everything was reheated and old. Please do yourself a favor and go to McDonald ....it's way better..ugh!
4	Great chicken alfredo pizza. Service was nice and the people were so nice that when they messed up my pizza they made me a new one and didn't even charge me at all for the whole lunch.  So nice I'm going back RIGHT now to go get another of those pizzas.
4	I ate dinner at Luciano Garden recenlty (10/18), and had a very good meal.I ordered the lasagna ... and it was excellent.  One of the best ones I've had (other than my mom's , or mine))!The restaurant had a very friendly staff, good service, and ... Dr Pepper!We were part of a large group, but we were handled speedily.
1	All I have to say is not good it was better off being a Starbucks. The waitresses was rude there. The place smelled really bad. The cook was nasty. To pizza taste like a frozen dinner. Didn't want to leave a reading it doesn't even deserve one start. But it will not let me post it without rating.
3	Had breakfast and the food was good. I thought the prices were a bit to high for the quality especially when Egg Works is minutes away and cheaper. I'd go back if the other breakfast spots are backed up.
