1	Avoid. These guys have yet to get my order right after 3 visits. Nothing exciting either. Hamburger with catsup. Every time there's something wrong. I'll get a burger with everything, burger with mustard, chicken sandwich...  Definition of Durp. Their receipts print the taunting statement of "Concerns please call" and no number.
4	Bought me a large strawberry lemonade...I should've gotten a medium.  It was really good though.  Ordered large fries.  I thought I'd eat some and save some for later.  Nope, I ate the whole thing at one sitting; the fries were too healthy and not that great.  I asked the cashier for a handful of ketchup.  She told me I couldn't.  Turned out to be a mean joke lol.  And Vegas food prices are ridiculously expensive.
3	Oh geesh!  Where to begin. The girl was on her cell phone and all I could think of was "Gurrrrl F*** this job". I ordered a jr bacon cheeseburger to hold me over for dinner and it took 20 min. Insane!!!!  I should've got a frosty cone and called it a day. Not to mention the woman to the side of me kept coughing without covering her mouth. ALL reasons I dislike large crowds, especially at the mall. Bunch of mongaloids work here. I shouldn't be so mean, but Christ on a cracker. At least the woman on her cell phone apologized about the long wait. Now that's GREAT customer service. Less talky and more communication would be even better.
4	I've been visiting this Wendy's for many years.I go around eating at many places in the mall. This is one of my favorite places! I visit them frequently.Most of the staff already knows my order. I am treated very well with every visit.The quality of food is very equal to any other Wendy's location. I've never had bad service at this location. All the employees are friendly, & efficient. There are some negative aspects to visiting this location. The prices are higher than any location I've ever visited. Another bad thing is 99% of the time they don't have trays, so you get your food in a bag, even if you're dining in.It's a great place to get a meal, at a reasonable price, if you're staying in the area.
