1	The customer service sucks. I got my eye tested on August 22, 2012. I got my glasses online from another place in September 20, 2012. My right is blurry looking out of my new glasses. I take them in and ask to check the prescription and the say the new glasses are correct. I ask them to check my PD cause I think they were wrong. Yup they were. So I ask them to recheck my eyesight but no since its passed 30 days I have to pay again. How does my eyesight change in 60 days? I don't think I'll recommend this place or ever go back.  This one is located off 19th Ave and Union Hills. I went to Nationwide in Anthem and they were way more accommodating. I will defiantly go back to them. They rechecked my eyes and the doctor explained everything.
1	Customer service hahaha ... What customer service.  They are very very rude like they are doing you a favor. Unknowledgeable is the word for that staff. Never again will I or anyone I know go to nationwide vision again !!!! Worst time ever and arguing with customers in front of other customers as well. Do you guys just hire anyone off the streets ??!! DO NOT I REPEAT DO NOT GO TO THIS COMPANY !!! A fair warning has been issued to all.
4	I ordered my glasses, they called me when they arrived, and I went to pick them up.The staff was friendly and answered all my questions.
2	My actual Dr appointment was good.  When I picked up my new glasses it seemed they wanted no part of my.  There was no checking to see how they fit or anything.  I could see that the new glasses sat on my face at a slant, she seemed to have NO training in adjustments.  When I walked out of there with one nose pad was almost sideways and digging into my nose as well as my glasses digging into the side head by my ear. So once again I go to the NVC in Scottsdale by work and they fix the problem.Not sure how many more chances I should give this office. This is the second time in a row.
3	Since writing this review Nationwide has contacted me about my less then great experience.  They seems very sincere in getting this matter resolved in a manner that is a win-win for all especially for me.  They agree that customer service in vital in business and the proper train is key to there success. So thumbs up to Nationwide Vision Centers.  Saying it is one thing, doing it is another.  But I will be giving them another chance for sure.
4	After speaking to customer service and airing out all my concerns, I an confident that Nationwide Vision Center very concerned about treating the customers with great respect. So far they have come through with everything we talked about.Thanks
