4	Modern Mommy is a newly opened store that I stumbled upon in my quest for cute maternity clothes. This boutique is located right by Dolce Salon & the Chandler Mall so I was glad to have something cute & trendy in the south phoenix area instead of always having to drive north. The store was set to mainly sell baby clothing, decor, gifts and nursing lingerie/equipment. But I was happy to find that the owner decided at the last minute to add articles of maternity clothing such as nursing tops/lounge wear and maternity pants, tops & the favorite of all pregos' out there-dresses! I picked up a very stylish sleeveless empire waisted full length maxi dress of very high quality and had a tough time deciding between the print & color choices. Pricing is average-not too expensive, but no bargains to be found either. However the quality of what is carried here is top notch and you couldn't do any better when searching for items for yourself or your little ones. Visit the store and lets make sure this locally owned boutique with a sense of style stays open amidst the land of corporate box stores that is know to be the burbs of Phoenix.
4	Very adorable store with lots of unique and stylish gift ideas for a baby shower. Staff is super nice and knowledgeable.
4	Thanks to recommendations from my friends Lori M and Jane B, I made the trek to Chandler to check out Modern Mommy Boutique, and I was not disappointed.  As the other reviews state, this store is adorable and has a pretty decent selection of baby clothing, accessories, gifts, and nursing necessities.  Talisha, the owner, greeted me upon entering and was extremely helpful with fitting me and answering my questions about nursing, since I'm a first-time-mom-to-be and still pretty clueless.  Prices are on the higher end, but so is the quality of the brands that this boutique carries.  I ended up splurging on a pair of nursing pajamas and two nursing bras.  If I knew the gender of this baby, I probably would've splurged even more!If you're looking for cute baby clothing, gifts, or a large selection of nursing bras, definitely check this place out!
2	Meh.  Drove very far with my six week old to pick up nursing bras.  I expected to be measured and fitted, and for the staff to explain some things about nursing bras to me.  Instead, I was handed two bras in my guessed size and left to fend for myself.  I think I was there when the owner wasn't, because I have heard great things from friends.  I had more luck at a dedicated bra shop.
1	Had a bad experience trying to return an item. I purchased a belly bandit a couple of weeks before giving birth in preparation for after the baby. Unfortunately, I had complications during a c-section and was advised against using this device by my doctor. When I was able to get out of my house four weeks after giving birth to try and return the belly bandit the lady at the store said I was over the 30 days and would not be able to give me my cash back. I would advise anyone to try to get what you need at a big name store to make it easier if you need to make a return.
5	I recently had a wonderful experience at this shop. My daughter suffers from an unfortunate case of the diaper rash when teething.  I made my first shopping experience here looking for cloth diapers because very few stores carrying them in AZ.  I was given several samples of Mothers love cream with my purchase.  So when her diaper rash became worse once again I made an emergency trip to Modern Mommy Boutique to get more, arriving after the store had closed.  I happened to see someone inside, Sarah, and in my desperation knocked on the window.  She was kind enough to let me in to purchase some more cream. This store, and especially Sarah, are so great! I would highly recommend them to all moms!!
2	Let me first start off by saying, the ONLY reason I have given this place two stars instead of ONE, is because I have had a few good experiences here. There ARE some great staff, and overall they have a cute selection of clothing and good pump supplies...BUT One (forget the fact I had two) bad, I mean VERY bad experiences changes all of that...On the two such occasions, I have had the most God awful customer service from an employee named "Emily" least that's what she said her name was. Her attitude SUCKS...I mean is so bad, I cannot believe the owner would risk her good name and a great business she has built with the likes of someone like this...After many many years in retail (restaurants) I would never treat a person the way she has so rudely treated me...the little girl is entitled and has no clue how to speak or deal with customers...its an embarrassment...On my last meeting with this person, I even expressed the fact  that I was slightly irritated due to an external issue (I apologized)...But she was still an A-Hole...She refused to exchange (a direct exchange for just a size bigger) an item because I didn't have a receipt...Forget the fact it was a gift and the tags were still attached and it was in the "Modern Mommy" wrapping...She informed me that at one point (some time in the past) that the item bought was on sale and it currently was not on sale so all she could give me was 50% if the current value??? WTF, I wanted an exchange not to return it..I informed her that what she was saying made NO sense...She than proceeded to tell me that "I am always trying to return things on her without a recipe"...ONCE on our first encounter (which was more than 4 months prior to this incident), I had purchased a bra (prior to giving birth to my son, after I had him my boobs got SO big, the $40.00 nursing bra didn't fit), had the receipt, and tags, but they were NOT attached...The owner was kind enough to return it BUT apparently that was not policy, This girl was obviously upset (you could see it on her face, she had a scowel) that the owner allowed me to return it (it was NEVER worn, never washed)... Anyway, at this point I got MAD, I said forget it, snatched the item from her hand, Yes this was rude but she was a total jerk and VERY unhelpful and I was already frustrated...She than told me that "she could call mall security" WTF...What ever happened to "hey, I am so sorry, let me call the owner or, I understand you are frustrated lets see what we can do to resolve this" She went right to mall security...I, at this point beyond angry, aggressively directed her to ring up my other purchases...I snatched them from her hand...at this point I was now enraged, she was so smug and nasty it made my blood boil...She muttered something else about that "I" (the customer) was not making it any easier because of "that" she was gesturing to my pump stuff, I have no clue WTF she was referring to..as I walked out I said "aren't you here to help me? And I called her a "dick bag" a few times I think...Now was i wrong sure absolutely...but really she completely escalated the situation and did NOTHING to help me out... Why even bother when you can buy stuff online??? Sad sad thing, I will never return to this store...Ever and will be sure to tell EVERY other mommy I know about it...Sorry, but you cannot treat people like this..Not at all
5	I felt extremely compelled to right a review for this small business after I read the horrible review that was left by JG. I am a regular customer at this boutique and always prefer to shop local when it is at all possible. What she is right about is yes the selection is awesome and the prices are the same in the big box stores too. What I don't understand is what she claims her experience with Emily was. I have shopped with her on many occasion and have seen her interact with other guest while assisting me. I can't imagine her "god awful customer service" was unprovoked! I can see in the review by JG the offensive language she uses that she probably isn't the most tactful person, even she comments she was probably out of line. I get so tired of seeing customers go into store and treat people like dirt because they are in a mood, as she also mentioned. Policies are policies in a store, who wants to take back a nursing bra of all things without the tags on it, that item becomes unsalable at that point. Try and return something to Target, good luck doing anything there without a receipt.. Also, she says she will tell all of her friends that they should never shop there, well she is doing them a great dis-service. The women at this store at times saved me from becoming very frustrated after my child was born and had a hard time nursing. At no fee they assisted me with lactation and bra fitting problems I was having. I would suggest any friend and women that is in the market for baby items and breastfeeding support to definitely make this one of your first stops!
5	As a mature mother, I've NO CLUE what is in vogue for today's baby. Thankfully, a very helpful young woman, Emily helped me select a precious gift for my neighbor's baby. What a beautiful, fully stocked baby boutique. Thank you Modern Mommy and Thank you, Emily.
5	I'm really impressed with the dedication of the staff here (I believe the owner works there too). The girls there really care about helping new mom's with any difficulties they may be having with breastfeeding or otherwise. I was told if a certain supplement didn't work for me, they'd give me a discount to try another one and or samples til we found something that did work for me. The prices for rentals on pumps, scales, etc. are also totally reasonable. The lactation consultant who works out of the back is also highly recommended. A very knowledgeable lady.
5	Why have I not written a review for Modern Mommy yet?!?!  I've gone here a number of times to purchase items I've needed.  This store is amazing and the salesgals there are very informative!!  This place has everything from nursing bras and baby clothes to hospital grade pumps rentals and baby carriers!  We went on Black Friday (there was a 25% off deal going on if you were there before 12noon).  I not only got a great nursing bra, but we got this contraption to put on the changing mat so Baby C cant roll off while dad is changing him.  Oh and we also purchased a Becco!  The Becco by far was the best purchase as it has gotten a lot of use (mainly by dad) since we purchased it.  Money well spent!  I returned to Modern Mommy this last Sunday and grabbed some GoLacta.  I called ahead of time to make sure it was in stock, and the salesgal held a bottle for me.  Only place in the state that sells GoLacta.  :)Oh and they have free breastfeeding support meeting on Tuesday mornings.  Always helpful for a new mama who might be having issues with nursing her little one.
5	I was given a breast pump by a family member and needed some supplies to get it working. I called Modern Mommy Boutique to see if they carried the pieces I needed and they did. They also told me that I could bring in the pump and they would check it out for me to see to see if it needed anything else. The laides were SO helpful!! While I was there I also asked about nursing bra's...They had a HUGE selection and fitted me..super helpful!! I was on a budget so she found me the bras that fit my budget..I was thoroughly impressed!!!
4	I would encrouage all those seeking a gift for a new mom or newborn to check out this store.  As a first time mom the staff was very helpful to me on several occasions, selecting nursing bras, figuring out how to wrap the yards and yards of Moby wrap...  I brought my young, pregnant niece here and they gave her excellent customer service as well as I treated her to a new bra.  The reason I didn't give that 5th star is because on an occasion that I went to buy a breastpump they didn't have the style I wanted in stock.  They did show me the very similar option, but I wanted the backpack, not the tote.  The owner appeared very irritated when I declined to make the purchase and that is where the pleasentries ended.  I'm sorry that you didn't get my sale but you win some, you lose some.  I am very supportive of this small business because they do have expertise that they are more than willing to share with their customers, the store is generally well stocked with necessities and fun things too, and the store is clean and well organized.  Though I would encourage the owner and staff to turn their customer service from 90% to 100%, I would also encourage all moms and gift givers to give this store a try!  It can make for a special shopping eperience that you just don't get at BRU (yuck) or BuyBuyBaby (overwhelming!)
4	I like coming here on occasion.. as a new mom, I like the baby/mom-centric gear galore... she stocks so many things here, it's quite impressive.  From Belly Bandits to Medela pump supplies.... from nail polish to adorable onesies.. everything for baby and mamma.Things aren't cheap (yes, you can find Motherlove cheaper at Sprouts) but her service and advice are super valuable... she is a mom, so she knows what moms are looking for.  It's also a great place to buy very boutique-y things like cute toys.. baby outfits.. baby accessories... great gift-buying selection.I am personally thankful for her awesome support of breastfeeding moms: hospital grade pumps, pumping/nursing bras, medela/ameda pump supplies, SNS.... she has it all there! and she will help you with things.
4	I stumbled upon Modern Mommy Boutique after a trip for "something cold" a few doors down. I needed to find a gift for a baby shower, so I'm glad I blindly found this store! Upon walking in, I noticed the cute and super soft clothes. After I walked around a bit more, I realized they had everything you could possibly think of and more for a  newborn (or older) baby! I also noticed a huge wall full of nursing bras. Whether your a new mom (or to-be) or shopping for a gift, you will surely be able to find something here!
5	I was in Phoenix for business and realized I forgot a major component of my Breast pump.  Between meetings I was franticly driving to all the big box chains to no avail.  I called Modern Mommy and they were incredibly helpful and nice and had what I needed (in 1/16 the sqft of Babies R us).  I jumped in the rental and started to race over to the store just in time to hit a horrible traffic jam.  I called to tell them I was delayed and she said not to worry she would "wait!"  When I arrived she not only was a sweetheart but also gave me a discount for my horrible day.  I wish Modern Mommy was in Brooklyn!
5	Great place to purchase nursing bras and cute baby clothing.  They have all the parts for the breast pumps and a knowledgeable staff. The selection in extensive and reasonably priced for a cute boutique.  The nursing bra selection is the best in the valley.
3	From what I could see, they have cute clothes and a great selection of mommy products. But their customer service is lacking. One time I went in, I was never acknowledged and the ladies sat behind the counter gossiping about another coworker. The other time, I asked about a shirt that was missing buttons and was told it couldn't be marked down, even though there weren't other intact ones available.  The shirt was around $35, too much to pay for something I'd have to fix.  I'll try not to have to visit this shop again.
