3	The first occasion I ever visited the Usher Hall was when I saw the incredible Status Quo. The gig was great, but the venue also impressed me, however, sitting in the first row, upper circle is not the most comfy seat in the house due to the impending drop! Since that gig, the Usher Hall has gone under a major refurbishment. The exterior of the building has undergone a makeover with a new extension made out of glass with it being proposed for a cafe. Inside, the venue has had a face lift and is ready yet again become Edinburgh's number one venue for classical music. On top of this the Usher Hall has hosted Billy Connolly amongst other comedians and other artists including those who are in blues and jazz. Tickets are normally a bit more pricey at the Usher Hall due to its stature and also kind of performances it hosts, but with its new face lift the Usher Hall is yet again going to be one of the main venues for music lovers!
4	I first visited the Usher Hall to see the comedian Dylan Moran. I had a fantastic evening and loved the Hall itself. I've been back since to classical concerts and generally always enjoyed myself.The building itself is fairly famous. Built at the end of the 19th century it has been described as "Edinburgh's equivalent of Carnegie Hall." It is a major venue during the Festival but throughout the year holds mostly classical concerts, as well as Jazz and other genres.The building has recently been reopened after a long period of renovation and extension. The Hall now holds a decent cafe/bar to compliment your evening.Ticket prices are average, or a little over, for Edinburgh with some student discounts to boot.Recomended for a great evening out in a still lovely building.
4	It's so refreshing to see that there are still some theatres knocking around that retain the old-school glaour of all things artsy, and the Usher Hall definitely falls into that category.Although it seems to constantly have some form of roadworks or construction works, this is still one of Edinburgh's most beautiful theatre venues. I came here twice during the Fringe two years ago, and in comparison to a lot of the other popular venues, this place is miles better. For example, if you compare it to the Festival Theatre this one wins hands down on the amount of leg-room in the auditorium, the staff are much friendly and the bar is a million times better. The white wine was cold and not cloudy, for starters.There's a taxi rank outside it, and it's 5 minutes walk from great bars such as The Rutland, as well as having great bus links.
3	I had an unusual introduction to the Usher Hall! A friend and I were hired to be extras in a Bollywood film, Seasons of Love, which was shooting some scenes there. We turned up  in fancy dress as the part required and spent a slow, long day shooting the same scenes over and over; I had no idea so much effort was put into each scene of a film!The Usher Hall itself can't be missed, as it's an imposing figure on Lothian Road. We were in the impressive concert hall, which has plush red chairs, is quite large and has an absolutely beautiful ceiling! and got the BBC Orchestra provided us with a free show! The piece which they played, Eine Kleinenacht Musik, was popular enough for everyone to hum along too, but after ten times it was ruined forever for some.
5	Although we haven't been here for a few years, we can remember back in the 'good old days' when it was thriving, as was the area. Always thought it was such a great venue, on a par with RAH, London. Sorry to read the reviews of fellow Qypers. Are there any updates!!!
3	In for a gig on a sunday night, and while I enjoyed the actual space, I didn't think the staff did much to endear themselves to the punters. The usual venue bar prices and restricted options didn't help things.As a venue though, the Usher was pretty cool and worked well with a combo of standing and seated audience.  The slope of the floor means even the most vertically challenged members of the crowd get a decent view if standing during concerts. The building itself is impressive, even if the glass cubicle thing leeching onto it's side detracts from the overall impact.  If only New Order had employed a decent sound engineer, this could have a been a great event!
4	I've seen a variety of concerts, gigs & comedians at the Usher Hall over the past few years, and have even been on stage myself, as my first graduation was here! My latest visit was to see Alice Cooper, the King of Darkness, for his Halloween gig! This is an extremely beautiful building, and it's recent regeneration has seen the addition of a curved glass wing which houses a new bar and box office.  The stalls area was also converted to have removable seating, which makes for a much better atmosphere for pop/rock gigs (you can stand and jump around now!).Given it was both an Alice Cooper gig AND Halloween, many folk were dressed up. The staff coped very well with this, and were completely professional (the cloakroom/bar staff and ushers kept everyone well under control and didn't bat an eyelid at the many vampires, clowns, naughty nurses and 'Wayne's World' Wayne & Garth characters!)Inside, there was plenty of space in the standing area and, as it was on a slight slope towards the stage, the view was pretty good from wherever you were (even though quite a few folk had hats & headdresses on!)The interior of the auditorium is pretty, the floor wasn't ever sticky (see my Picturehouse review!) the sound was great and Mr Cooper played an awesome gig...complete with his trademark live Boa Constrictor!I had a great Halloween night here and, as the programme for the Usher Hall is so varied and exciting, you can have many other great nights here throughout the year!
4	I quite like the Usher Hall. I'm Duchess (for the meantime) as I'm usually here for graduation. I'll graduate from here as a student myself, but when I'm wearing my other hat (staff), I'm usually on the stage in my gown, watching my students graduate.The building itself is beautiful - a real old school theatre. The accoustics are pretty good here too. Up until a couple of months ago, I'd only been here for graduations but then I came for the Punchline comedy show. Even up in the god's, we still had a great view of the stage and as the Usher Hall isn't particularly huge, it is a great comedy venue as it maintains that theatre vibe, but with an intimacy that comedy needs to get the crowd involved. So, I'm sure I'll be here for more comedy and of course for more graduations...
5	One of Edinburgh's best musical venues. I've seen a helluva lot of things in this venue and I never fail to have an excellent time. The sound is brilliant for classical music as well as rock and pop. The stalls are much more comfy these days - I wonder if they've replaced the seats? It feels much more spacious and there's plenty of room for legs, bags, jackets and drinks. The building itself is a mish-mash of old architecture with a modern extension. It's a genuinely loved piece of Edinburgh's make-up. When I hear a gig will be played here I am always pleased - I'm still to have a bad experience here.
4	Not just one of the many venues for music or comedy, song dance or a multitude of events in town but possibly the best.This is one of Edinburgh's large spacious buildings dominating the city skyline since early 1900's so thanks to modern renovation, there now exists a fusion of old and new design together as one, or a labour of love. Like adding garnish to a main meal  the new shell, interior fixtures and fittings are surely fit for another royal visit...surely? But the re-creatation shows off this really nice building, which is crafted well from the outside, and gives the interior a glam-stylish(glam-ish) interior, no forgetting intising new cafe/foodie venue. As we didn't have time during the latest show interval for a meal, we all had some coffee and marsh mallows instead...worked a treat! But will book before next time here, just hope that as its a venue for many types of visitors, the food and drink is locally sourced, and not too expensive?Canadian singer Sarah McLaughlan, BBC Bang Goes The Theory, legendary Billy Connolly, Hue & Cry(are they still going?) are some of the players I've seen here over the years, but all experiences were well before or after the structural incident!I've sat in various places around the auditorium, always in a diffent seat, with mixed results. The worst for sound clarity was in the stalls at the end of an aisle about row five to ten to the left, on the plus side much leg room.For me the usual way to aquire show tickets is don't bother with websites that will inflate prices by abusing your wallet for card use, just get to the hall itself as they will usually sell tickets even when websites may tell you otherwise and you get to speak to people not an answer machine. Ive also heard there are a multitude of passageways and rooms in the basement(is it haunted I hear you ask...I dont know!) but maybe there is a tour that covers seeking the phantom of the hall, or as it would be known in Edinburgh as the gooley...you guys!But as other Yelpers like Claire L.mention just go for the theatre experience or as Claire C. tells it; live music? I'm looking forward to the next festival gig, but if you dont know whats on, full listings found on the website; www.usherhall.co.uk...
5	It's a fine venue, the finest in Edinburgh. Round on the outside and on the interior, with a smidge of TARDIS-like expansion going on if you suspend your disbelief. The seats are comfy, the leg room fine, the aisles wide and of course everything sound magnificent here. I've seen a range of orchestral concerts here, a magnificent couple of Crowded House/Neil Finn events and sat in the choir (on the stage) for a few Edinburgh Napier graduation ceremonies. It's a jewel, Edinburghers should be proud of this place and I urge you to go along and catch something in there during the Festival (if not before).
4	Been here now many times and the majestic Usher Hall doesn't fail to impress me.The main hall has been a venue for comedy, ballet, Chinese theatre productions and last year Opera from the 3 Asian Tenors on tour. For each of those productions I had great seats and was able to get a real sense of the building. Especially in its ability to change to suit the stage presence almost flawlessly. The annex section they built for receptions and  displays is a little oddly laid out. (And what is with the deep pile carpeting?) -All chrome, silver and purplish blue colour scheme. It felt a bit cheap. - lost a star for that. But I think not many people will venture here anyway..
5	Usher Hall--- had a most tremendous time last night. Naked Classics--Vaughan Williams' Symphony No.5. Wonderful enlightening dissection of the piece in the first half. Then interval-- ice cream and tea or coffee! A lady was unwell and needed a stretcher and aid. It all happen quietly and skilfully. Great management staff in the theatre. Then voila, after interval over the Symphony played all the way through. I am in love with the conductor. He fair flew and danced with his arms and body getting the best performance out of his musicians. His controlled abandonment and lack of inhibition I can only guess gives the players a feeling of freedom to really enjoy themselves and play like never before; and do they did. The majority of #5 was soft delicate, almost iridescent.Hats off to Usher Hall. Well staffed and so lovely.
5	Usher Hall--- had a most tremendous time last night. Naked Classics--Vaughan Williams' Symphony No.5. Wonderful enlightening dissection of the piece in the first half. Then interval-- ice cream and tea or coffee! A lady was unwell and needed a stretcher and aid. It all happen quietly and skilfully. Great management staff in the theatre. Then voila, after interval over the Symphony played all the way through. I am in love with the conductor. He fair flew and danced with his arms and body getting the best performance out of his musicians. His controlled abandonment and lack of inhibition I can only guess gives the players a feeling of freedom to really enjoy themselves and play like never before; and do they did. The majority of #5 was soft delicate, almost iridescent.Hats off to Usher Hall. Well staffed and so lovely.
4	First off - What a beautful venue!  I'm sure I must off been here before with my mum when I was much younger but can't remember (ooooh getting forgetful already!).I was completely besotted by the chairs' mechanics and they were proper comfy unlike some venues where you are crammed in like an no frills flight.Its architecture speaks volumes and it's height goes up and up!Toilets were plentiful, clean and it working order but some of the hand wash basin weren't.Staff show us to our seats but the numbers on the seats were so tiny!For these ickle points i will have to give it 4 stars as they quite easy to fix.
3	As a concert venue the Usher Hall is great. As London's Albert Hall has shown, the round shape is excellent for acoustic music as it focuses the sound and minimises flutter echoes that you get with straight walls. More conventionally-shaped concert halls (like Glasgow's for instance) have to install complex systems of resonance chambers, baffles and drapes to mould the sound to their specifications, but being the grand old lady that she is, the Usher Hall relies on her basic geometry to provide a good sound wherever you sit. The disadvantage is that it is hard to adjust the acoustic to suit different requirements, whereas the modern halls can adapt their sonic characteristics at the touch of a button to spoken word, choral, acoustic or amplified music.Architecturally the Usher Hall used to dominate this part of Lothian Road, nestling comfortably against its equally grand neighbour the Lyceum Theatre; but then somebody decided it would be a good idea to obliterate half of the frontage with a glass bus shelter, which does absolutely nothing to enhance the building and completely blocks the view of the Lyceum down Grindlay Street. You'll have gathered that I'm not a fan of this this style of architecture - too many of our grand old edifices are having these glass boxes bolted on to them these days and I find them completely unsympathetic and unimaginative additions to these Classical buildings.There's no denying that it provides much-needed extra space for the foyer, box office and allows better cafe and audience mingling areas inside; but it just kills the appeal of the building for me, and I can't help thinking about the age of the old building and wondering if the glass carbuncle is going to last half that length of time.
