5	Where do I start in saying how fantastic and talented McKenzi Taylor of Taylored Photo Memories is?! I have known her for over three years now and we have collaborated on quite a few projects together. I knew when my boyfriend proposed to me that I wouldn't want anyone but McKenzi to shoot my engagement and wedding photos.McKenzi is incredibly easy to work with. She makes everyone comfortable and ensures that her shoots are fun. We were laughing the entire time during our engagement shoot and had some amazing shots as a result. I love the fact that she doesn't just stick to the boring stiff poses that one associates with engagement photos; in fact, when I had a random creative idea for one shot she completely embraced it and it turned out fantastic. I love that she is open to ideas and suggestions which allows for creativity and uniqueness among the resulting photos.I can honestly say that it would be your own loss if you decided not to use McKenzi and her amazing talents to capture your next big moment. I am a many times over happy client and I can't wait to see what memories she captures on our wedding day in October!
5	The quality of Taylored Photo Memories' product is amazing! My partner, our two dogs, and I recently had a photo session with McKenzi at Red Rock Canyon near Las Vegas, and her approach was both friendly and professional. I don't have much experience with professional photo shoots, so I was a bit nervous about it. I felt very comfortable with McKenzi, though, and she made the session a lot of fun.Perhaps most importantly, the photographs came out spectacularly. I normally dislike photos of myself, but these are great. Somehow our leggy, awkward greyhound even manages to look photogenic, which is truly a feat.I highly recommend Taylored Photo Memories for anyone who wants beautiful photos for special events, family, business, or anything else!
5	McKenzi does a great job.  Really friendly and sincere.  She's not in your face and doesn't rush you, but takes her time to get really great photos.  We had a great time getting our couples' photos taken, and she picked a perfect location!  The photos also came out amazingly and we were happy to give them to family and friends!
5	McKenzi is a fabulous photographer - hands down, no questions. She takes the time to get the perfect lighting, perfect background, and perfect angles. Very personable, affordable, and it's great to see a woman-owned business run so well. She took my professional photos and I received a ton of compliments on them. She just KNOWS how to make every shot flattering. Is that photography? That's art.
5	One of the things that I value in a business is the level of personalized customer care that given to the consumer.  In each industry there are things a company or person can do to show they are paying attention to the details. And in the field of photography, I find that the attention to details here lies in the level of relationship created between the photographer and the client.McKenzi of Taylored Photo Memories did such a great job of making me feel comfortable and establishing a relationship that felt natural, like we were just hanging out while she took some pictures.  I think that what separates McKenzi from other photographers is the idea that relationship matters... that it's not about staging everything and having the whole shoot be regimented- it's about making your clients feel comfortable and natural so they can showcase who they truly are.  My pictures came out wonderfully, were turned around quickly and professionally (and with a face like mine, I can't imagine how much photoshopping she had to do).  and I couldn't be happier with the results.  5 Stars.
5	McKenzi has done photograpy for my family for the past 2 years.  She traveled to OC in June to shoot my grandmother's 90th Birthday.  It came out amazing!  The photo book she created brouth my grandmother to tears.  Nice work Mac!!!
5	I am working with McKenzi on a couple of projects.  She is very creative and insightful.  With a camera (still or video) in her hands she doesn't take a picture of just you, but she actually gets to WHO you are.  She is amazing; very professional; an artist.  Thank you McKenzi!
5	I hired McKenzi   to take professional photos for not only my website but for promotional use  too.    I had set up for her to go to several places and she was accommodating.   She captured my client and myself  while we were talking on video.   McKenzi   has a talent beyond measure.  She has that creative way she captures memories of a life time.   Thanks Again!!  Dawn Houlf,  www.sharebuildersinc.com
5	McKenzie is amazing.  We planned a quick destination wedding in Las Vegas.  I originally was going to skip the photographer but I'm so glad that I found McKenzie!  From our first e-mail, I was totally comfortable talking with her.  She is responsive, quick, friendly and so easy to talk to.  The value of what she gave us was unheard of.  My groom while a sweet heart was so hot in his suit (we got married late August), but McKenzie got him to smile for a good hour on Freemont Street!  Final pictures are amazing.  She must be a very quick shot as she got snaps of things I couldn't even remember doing!  They are so cute, romantic and priceless.  I would highly recommend working with McKenzie for any of your photo needs.
5	I can't say enough amazing things about Taylored Photo Memories and McKenzi. I asked McKenzi to take some business shots of me because I needed some professional photos to use, although I was nervous about being in front of the camera and wasn't sure what to expect. She made the shoot extremely fun and enjoyable though! We laughed, chatted, and had so much fun!When I received the photos, I was completely blown away - the quality of the images is incredible, and the variety she managed to shoot in the time we spent together is amazing. Her ability to draw out and capture emotion is impressive and I can't wait to have another shoot with my husband and I. McKenzi is the utmost professional, but has a way of creating a relaxing and fun atmosphere, which reflects back in the photos. I highly recommend Taylored Photo Memories for any type of shoot that you're looking to do - business shots, family photos, or your wedding - McKenzi will capture the moment in a way that no one else can!
5	McKenzi was hired by the university for which I work to take professional photos of me for marketing materials.  In the past, all of my professional photos have been cringe-worthy.  The photos taken by McKenzi are simply stunning.  The quality of the photos did not go unnoticed by my colleagues, who frequently remark, "Your photos are INCREDIBLE!"  The photos taken by McKenzi demonstrate her eye for light and balance, and these photos are among the best photos that I have ever had taken (both professionally and personally).  I would not hesitate to use McKenzi for any event--either personal or professional.
5	I absolutely love the photos McKenzi took of myself and my husband! I couldn't be happier - her ability to capture the essence of the people in her shots is amazing! And she's great at making you feel comfortable and getting you to relax so the shots look better and more natural. If you need family, wedding, or professional pictures taken, McKenzi is your woman. Thanks!!!
5	McKenzi and I worked together (I do hair and airbrush makeup) on an Every Man Jack photo shoot at the beautiful Planet Hollywood!  She was so easy going and immediately made everyone feel comfortable.  She got through everyone on time, and the photos came out great.  I'm excited to work with her again!
5	My family had a special get together earlier this month to celebrate my mom's 60th birthday.  Since we would be complete, we decided this was the perfect time to have a photo shoot and it would be the perfect gift for my mom.  My sisters and I turned to yelp to help us decide on which photographer to contact and that is how we came across McKenzi of Taylored Photography.  Right away I was impressed with how quickly McKenzi responded to my emails and how thoroughly she answered all my questions.  I was even more impressed the day of the shoot.  In fact we all were which is saying something since we rarely all agree!!  McKenzi and her assistant were amazing!  They made us all feel so comfortable and made the shoot fun!  We had four children between the ages of 2 and 5 and they were fantastic with them.  McKenzi was so quick with her camera she didn't miss a single shot.  She was also so patient and accommodating with all of us and all the different shots we wanted.  We were such a big group and she handled us all perfectly.  I couldn't be happier with how the day went!  But then she exceeded my already high expectations when I received the photos.  Not only did she deliver them so quickly but they are absolutely beautiful!  The quality, the variety...all amazing!  I can't believe how many shots she got and gave us and all of them good.  Our biggest problem now is which to pick to frame!  Thank you McKenzi for doing such a fabulous job.  To anyone out there looking for a photographer, you cannot go wrong with McKenzi of Taylored Photography.  She is fantastic and we are so lucky that we had her as our photographer.
5	McKenzi is such a pleasure to work with. I had head shots taken for my business and they turned out fantastic. I used the new photos to redo all of my marketing materials including my website. McKenzi really captured the essence of who I am and kept it natural and authentic, unlike some photography that I've seen where people can look over done and artificial. The feedback I've gotten alone has been amazing!  I was so pleased with my business photos that I also had some family shots taken while my mom was in town visiting. I've never had professional family shots taken, what a precious gift for any family and my mom was delighted to receive them for Christmas this year.  McKenzi's creativity and gifted talent for photography far exceeds her pricing as she is extremely reasonable and certainly delivers! Thank you McKenzi :)
5	McKenzi is not only great at what she does but she is a joy to work with. She is very talented and knows how to make you feel comfortable. McKenzi took some head shots of me, for my business, and I couldn't be more pleased. They were exactly what I was looking for and I will be sure to use her in the future. I highly recommend Taylored memories!!
5	My fiance and I were visiting Vegas and thought it'd be fun to do our engagement photos while we were there. We found McKenzi on Yelp and her reviews are all absolutely right! Five stars! We had excellent communication through emails and she helped us find an awesome location for our photoshoot. She even picked us up and dropped us off from our hotel since we did not have a car! We are very pleased with our photos and would recommend her.
5	McKenzi makes the whole photography session fun, and you feel special when she encourages you to just be you. The pictures come out great, and I am very happy to share them with others. I've gotten many compliments on my recent head shot, I even used it for my business cards! Her sessions are fun and affordable. I am looking forward to having her do a family session with me and my daughters later this month.
5	McKenzi did my headshots last week and it was a pleasure working with her. I hadn't had my photo professionally taken in years but she made me feel extremely at ease. We simply walked through a park in Summerlin and she picked out some spots with good color/lighting, etc. McKenzi specializes in adventure weddings and I can't wait to feature her in the June issue of David Magazine! With the headshot she took of me at the front, of course. I already recommended her to a friend who needs engagement pictures taken and I'd do it again. She's a great addition to the LV photographer community! Thanks, McKenzi!
5	Lots of laughs, and lots of fun, makes for GREAT pictures when you have Mckenzi as your photographer!!!!    I needed new Head Shots for my business, and Mckenzi came highly recommended by many in the Las Vegas area.  I am SO pleased with the results.  No "fake" smiles when you have Mckenzi behind the camera!
5	I got my headshot done and it is fabulous! McKenzi Taylor is just awesome! We went to Springs Reserve which is a beautiful and comfortable setting outdoors. She makes it easy to have a natural smile and captures who you are in every shot! It was very hard to choose just one as I loved them all!
5	McKenzi did an Excellent job doing our family photos. We have the beautiful photos of our two month and us displayed in our home as well as the office. We constantly receive compliments on how great we look in the photos. We definitely recommend McKenzi to all in search of unique and beautiful photos. Thanks again for capturing those precious moments of our son's childhood.Albert and Lilian A.
5	Mckenzi is very good at what she does, whether photographing a wedding, engagement, climbing or her new interest in maternity and baby shots. She just nails it spot on, I highly recommend her for your next event. She is not only a skilled photographer but also very easy to work with and creating a comfortable setting.
5	If there was a way to give more than 5 stars, I certainly would. McKenzi is a 5 star plus photographer. She has an amazing eye to capture YOUR MOMENT perfectly. She is easy going and makes you feel comfortable in any situation. If you've got an important occasion that you would like to remember for years to come ... Taylored Photo Memories can't be beat !!
5	McKenzi is absolutely amazing.  I live in Texas and had an unusual request for some photos of a specific place in Las Vegas where my Fiancee proposed to me last November.  I gave her an idea of what I wanted and she just ran with it.  I had a roll of amazing photos to choose from within days.  Now I have a one of a kind gift to give to  my wonderful future husband on our 1st anniversary.  Thank you McKenzi!!
5	We booked the Photo Booth from Taylored Photo Memories for a recent Rotary International event on Fremont Street in Las Vegas. It was the perfect set up for our guests. It was mobile, modern, unique as well as completely customizable. All our members and guest had a blast with the photo booth props and have great memories from our special event because they did on-site printing!
5	I highly recommend McKenzi Taylor she is an amazing photographer. I have my own wedding business and have hired her many times to do the photography for my brides and she has always done an amazing job. I just had to do some professional shots for myself and to be honest I was very nervous because I am not very good in front of a camera but McKenzi really knew how to make me feel relaxed and managed some how to capture my best qualities.Truly talented!! Thank you
5	My husband and I had a wonderful time getting our pictures done with Mckenzi. She was so creative and fun!  It was a truly personable experience that we will never forget!  Her assistant Cassandra was also very nice!  Overall,  wonderful experience, I highly recommend her services!  Thank you McKenzi!!
5	We hired McKenzi for an event that we hosted in Las Vegas and were incredibly impressed with not only her pictures, but also her professionalism. She was independent and captured great shots of everyone. I even liked her table top style. We also needed some help in post production and she rocked that as well. Definitely a great photographer for events!
