3	I like a read of this Edinburgh specific 'lifestyle' magazine. As with most 'lifestyle' magazines I couldn't afford half of what is in it but unlike reading other magazines you've never heard of the places they are talking about (they are all in London!) with I-on you'll have walked past places and recognise them. This is good for playing the 'when I win the lottery game'. With it being a free magazine there are a lot of adverts but they also interviews with artists who are performing in Edinburgh that month. In the most recent copy they have a  good piece on the Impressionists exhibition that is opening at the National Gallery. It's a good magazine to have a look at just to see what is going on in the more glamorous side of Edinburgh.
3	As Clementine has mentioned, I-On Magazine is a free monthly magazine showcasing the more expensive things to do while in Edinburgh. I picked up a copy a few months ago and it seems to be aimed at people who think they're living in an episode of Sex And The City and many of the events advertised within seem rather contrived. It is a useful resource if you're looking for somewhere new in the city and want to check out what's on offer but if you're not up for getting manicures 24/7 or sipping on the predictable French Martini then you'll be hard pushed to find anything of interest in I-On. It does have a directory at the back with bars, shops and clubs which is useful but most of the places are for special occasions only and not everyday haunts making it not as practical as other free magazines such as The Skinny.
3	A free mag for the aspirational, I-On operates in quite a number of cities, and no matter what version you are reading, it will do it's damnedest to convince you that you're in the most glamorous, expensive, wallet-busting city on the planet. While it's good to have a rake through if you're after a fancy dinner or whatever, in Edinburgh, as is the case in most cities, a lot of the tastiest dinners you'll find will be at more modest and unassuming establishments. Same with stuff like clothes, while I-On advertises places based on how much their clothes cost and what poncy designer made them, it doesn't offer much in the way of inspiration to the more imaginative shopper. They did have an advert for the "all food under a fiver" Candy Bar a couple of months back. I guess that was just a goof by the work experience kid.
