3	Matzo ball soup is excellent and can make you feel better no matter the ailment.  The chicken liver goes great on the hot pastrami.  I was there recently and a guest tried the lox and eggs.  It was okay, but overly salty.  This is a better than average deli, but really doesn't compare to barney greengrass or katz in nyc.
3	the Matzoball soup was very good but it does need salt I know they do it cause of the health conscious nuts out there and they do excellent fried chicken!
4	MMMMM!  A traditional Pittsburgh deli and neighborhood place.  You can't beat it!  My husband was busy yesterday, and having nothing else to do, I came here for a good lunch.Forget the chain deli's!  Come here for a really good sandwich.  Begin your lunch with a bowl of chili and Vermont cheddar, or "Cincinnati Style" with lots of noodles.  Or even better, their homemade chicken soup with noodles.Kazansky's does have dinner items available, but for me, the real reason to come here is for the sandwiches.  The corned beef is really tender, and no I don't order it "extra lean" (the fat has all of the flavor)!  The turkey is real turkey breast and not that "pressed" or "formed" turkey that some places serve.  My absolute favorite is the pastrami sandwich.  I love it with extra mustard.  They also have terrific salads here too, and the specialty is the Walnut Trout Salad.Some places have wine lists.  This place has a beer list, with at least 10 beers on tap every day.  They have beer drinkers covered with an "A to Z" list of bottled beers and a new bar.  Unfortunately because of my diabetes, I'm pretty much a non-drinker.Of course, they have "Jewish Specialties" on the menu here, including Challah French Toast with Fresh Strawberries (my husband Rick loves it), Latkes, Kugel, and Borscht.  I like what Kazansky's says about Borscht, "If you don't know what it is, don't order it."
3	I'm going to start off with the saying that this place gets an extra star because it seems "very Pittsburgh"Food:Its not a place to go for a salad. I had a trout salad and though the trout was good the salad was really just a lettucey bed for it to hang out on.The person I went with had some sort of amazing meat-happy sandwich that I drooled over the whole time I ate. This is what Kazansky's is about: fist sized sandwiches that will give you heart problems in years to come- but that give you now a meat-a-licious way to fatten up for the winter months. Get a sandwich I tell you!Atmosphere: Sporty. Big TV in back ground. I'm sure dudes watch games here.Service: Meh- I think our waitress was really bored. It was slow- she was slow.Would I go back? I think so.
4	This place does excellent pastrami, whether you pick it up by the pound at the counter or sit down at the restaurant. The sandwiches are a bit small, but taste great and leave you feeling like that heart surgery is just around the corner. Service was alright, but you don't really come here for that.Bonus points for selling six packs in the land of draconian alcohol laws that requires one to go to three different places for groceries, wine/liquor, and beer. Damn you Pennsylvania.
1	Meh is right.  I had high hopes for our Jewish Christmas Eve dinner.  The review already sounds like a contradiction, right?  We decided to keep things simple by ordering take out sandwiches and salads for dinner.  One tradition that I like to maintain on my Pittsburgh journeys is the stacked corned beef sandwich in Squirrel Hill.  Despite the informative website, the experience was a big letdown.  You couldn't tell the difference between the  pastrami and corned beef, and the multiple boxes weren't labeled as to what was what.  And then there is nothing more annoying on a cold rainy night when you've asked them to confirm the order is complete when it's in the non-see through styrofoam and you don't want to look like a jerk by double checking and then you get all the way home only to discover that they missed a few items, which we were charged for.  The quality of the food itself was extremely disappointing.  The greasiest corned beef/pastrami I've ever been served.  The Swiss cheese tasted like it was heated with a blow torch (the cruelest thing you can to do to cheese).  And then they must have mustard rations because that was equally miniscule.  Thanfully there are plenty of other delis to visit in the area.  This isn't worthy of a second chance.
4	There's nothing like a good pastrami sandwich after you've been sick for a few days, are fully recovered, and ready to chow!
1	I wish I could rate this place higher, if only because they have a pretty good beer selection.  They carry Atwater Vanilla Java Porter, which should earn them two stars, in and of itself!  It's like tiramisu in beer form, people.But unfortunately for Mr. (or Ms.?) Kazansky, and more unfortunately for me, after I ate there, I became bazooka-barf sick.  I mean like sea-cucumber, insides-on-the-outsides sick.  I had noticed that the slices of brisket looked a little strange (Green? Iridescent? Possibly FLUORESCENT?!), and even brought it to the attention of the waitress, who acted as though I was asking her if the Pope was Jewish.  (Of course not!  No no, that's fresh!  Every day!)Bob and I walked home with me sweating and pausing to regain my equilibrium.  Thankfully for us and for the random residents of Squirrel Hill, I made it home and straight to the bathroom without incident.
4	So with Monday afternoon being my friend Catherine's last in Pittsburgh for awhile--she was catching an evening flight back to Chicago--we decided to stroll around Squirrel Hill, do a little shopping, and have lunch.  I wanted to introduce her to one last local place before she had to head back.Naturally, we stopped at Kazansky's.  This time I had a Reuben instead of my traditional pastrami sandwich.   It was still the best.  Catherine tried the Big Skyler, which is turkey and pesto.  And since she likes beer, I had her try a Yuengling.  She loved it!
4	Food seems to be hit and miss. The kugel was very good if a little pricey for the portion. The brisket was incredibly dry, but the roll, sauce and pickle were all good.4 Stars for anyone who brings me chicken kneidel soup when I feel like this. I might be able to do homework now.
3	This has got to be the cheapest breakfast you can get in PGH! I think everything on the breakfast menu was under $5 and the portions were regular-sized. The food itself was alright, service was great - our waiter kept cracking jokes and was overall very pleasant. In the front is the actual deli where you can get stuff to go and they sell 6-packs (looks like a good selection too)
1	I wouldn't go back for anything except a six pack of beer, unless the name changes again.The fried fish sandwich is a frozen, prebreaded thing they dropped in the fryer.  My friend commented the same quality at 1/3rd the cost is why folks go to McDonald's.I ordered the turkey and pesto sandwich.  They were out of turkey breast, so I okayed a lunch-meat turkey sandwich.  Which was small, expensive, and completely underwhelming.It's like they tried to take an old Jewish deli and turn it into a sports bar, and gave up somewhere around halfway.  I don't want a beer with my sandwich, but I do want the sandwich to be passable or better.  Our waitress was okay, which made me consider bumping this to two stars; she looked as if she was in college, so the odds are that the one high spot will leave, and the rest will stay the same.The Bagel Factory on the other end of the neighborhood far exceeds this for quality, at the same price.
2	Passable food but it's pretty greasy. Matzo ball soup quite good, by that's  hard to mess up.  Good for one of two visits a year.
2	Kazansky's matzaball soup has been 5 stars for years.   The last two trips to Squirrel Hill this past last year has left me disappointed.  Tonight's soup was quite tasteless.  Almost as if they didn't quite have enough stock for the 6 soups we ordered and simply poured water over some chicken bone they had lying around from this morning.  Where's Rhoda!!  Come on Kazansky's pick it up!  I'm writing this with hope you get back to the quality that I truly miss.
1	Closed!
5	A dead institution, while it was alive I loved Kazansky's.  Insanely cheap breakfast (Challah french toast was $4 with a bowl of FRUIT).  Sandwiches were hit or miss, but the soups were out of this world.  The fries here were, somehow, incredible.  The Rachel couldn't be beaten.  The service was always spotty, an psuedo gang bangers were allowed to pace the floor of the restaurant, but I wouldn't trade it for the world.  Sadly, Pittsburgh no longer has a Jewish deli.
2	Kazansky's is now closed.
