4	Evidently this was a place called Posh Nosh till 2007, then de la Cruz Bistro from 2008 till summer of 2012. Margaritas Grill just opened up about a week ago and I stopped in tonight because I was in the area and ready for a bite.  I had researched it for info and only found one review, on Urbanspoon, which said it was great and meals were priced reasonably at under $10. I don't eat a lot of Mexican food in AZ because I can get it so easily in San Diego but I'm always game to try a new place of any kind.The menu is not extensive but has some delicious sounding choices, mostly seafood.  The prices were decidedly not under $10. Dinners were mostly $12 and up, even some of the appetizers were $12-13.  I got a dinner special that was not on the menu after my server told me about it. It was a tamales plate with rice and beans for $10. I am admittedly on somewhat of a budget since I'm just visiting, though long term, and usually just eat out once a day.  I decided to splurge a little and got a House Margarita for $5 too.My waitress was great, very friendly and attentive, checking on me periodically to see if I needed anything.  A+ for service.The pork tamales were really good.  They had a lime touch to them that gave them a nice tang, the meat was very tender.  They were pretty mild, which I liked, but some people might find them too bland for their taste if they like theirs spicier.  The beans were so good I was sorry there weren't more, they disappeared too fast.  They were the thinner style so what looked like a wide portion was really a bit small since they spread out.  They would have made a fantastic bean dip.  The rice was also very good, maybe some of the best rice I've had this trip.  The amount was appropriate.  The tamales were neither huge nor puny, just average.  I would say it was a meal worth the $10.The lettuce wasn't awful, just not cold, crisp, fresh, or seasoned in any way.  It was chopped large like a salad yet had no dressing.  There was no sauce, salsa, sour cream, guac, cilantro etc to add a little variety to the plate.The Margarita was very good, didn't seem real strong, but I wouldn't have wanted it to be since I was driving.  It had a nice balance.If I were to make a suggestion it would be to include a dollop of sour cream and maybe even a bit of guacamole and salsa to make it more interesting, and increase the portion of beans. Beans are cheap, you might as well be generous. It was a bit dark for photography but I did get a few pics which I have posted.  The atmosphere was pleasant and relaxing, though.I would say if you're in the area and hungry, this would be a solid place to eat. If I get back next trip I think I'll try one if the seafood dishes. I almost got the tilapia fish tacos tonight.
4	I stopped in here for dinner before heading over to a coffee shop for some music. It was pretty busy and the staff was a little frantic!I sat at the bar and waited a few minutes to be acknowledged. There were a couple of other people at the bar that were also waiting to be served. The guy behind the bar was very nice and apologized for the delay. The chips were very good; thick & crunchy. I ordered the grilled shrimp tacos.  They were pretty good, if a little on the bland side. Adding some salsa helped. Overall, it looks like a nice place. The menu had a lot of variety. I think, if they were a little more organized & prepared for a busy Saturday night, it would have been a much better experience.  At least the chaos provided a topic of conversation for the people sitting at the bar!
1	Had high hopes that this restaurant would be a great spot for dinner before shows at the Mesa Arts Center.  We had been to all the previous incarnations with the same hopes but have always been disappointed by the horrible service.Last night, we took my parents out for their 63rd anniversary.  We wanted a nice dinner and to see a Shakespeare play.  We were seated at 6:20 or so.  When a waitress finally stopped by at 6:30 we asked to order and she said, "Just a minute" and walked away.  I told her the next time she stopped the we had a play starting at 7:30 so would need to get our order in.  She again said, "Just a minute" and walked away.  Finally, she took our order and we had the hopes that was the end of our disappointment.  Oh no, at 7:15 we looked at each other and said, "we aren't going to make it".  At just that moment, our food arrived.  My friend Trish told them to box it up, which they did and my sweetie took it to our car so we could go to the show.To top everything else off, in my haste, I left without my leather blazer.  I love that coat, it was a hand me down from my mother that I have taken care of and loved for over a decade.  When I realized that I had left it, we went back to the restaurant and it was taken.  Really?De Garza family, another loser restaurant.
1	On top of extremely slow, discourteous  service and 45 minutes to prepare food, the drinks are extremely weak. Had the margarita, had a very slight taste of lime and no taste of tequila at all. (Check out Ztejas margarita, a good model to follow). Three lime slices helped taste, but not much more. The Pinot Noir was my first choice but they ran out of that before 6:30.
5	Rod our server was awesome!  The shrimp quesadilla was fresh and tasty  loved the atmosphere and will go again, I also love the ladies restroom pretty and clean.
5	Stopped in and the owner was very friendly. He showed us some paintings he did, and even sat down to talk with us for a bit. The enchiladas were good and the carne asada tacos were even better.I also had a mango jalapeno margarita. I normally do not like frozen margaritas, but this one was fantastic. We will be back.
3	I liked sitting on the couch in back to eat.  The service was very pleasant and attentive.  I loved the chips and salsa.  The mango jalapeno margarita on the rocks was amazing.  The best margarita I ever had.Unfortunately the carne asada tacos weren't yummy at all.  Very bland, no flavor.  Same with the re-fried beans.  I added a co-workers avocado and sour cream as well as salsa to the tacos and ate them.  Wouldn't order them again!!
1	Awful! My husband and I came out to mesa to go to a concert at the Nile and figured we would get out there a little bit early to eat something before the show. We sat outside and the boy that sat us gave us some chips and salsa..which was okay. What was not okay is that we sat around for 15 minutes without someone in the staff even glancing an eye at us..even bringing us water would have been great.After my patience ran out I looked around and noticed another very unhappy couple asking for the manager and complained about the food. After that we decided we have had enough and simply walked out. The next time I come out to the Nile for a show I will be sure to eat somewhere before we get out to mesa.
5	Came here for the first time today with a co-worker. Margaritas is so great!  For a $7.25 lunch plate, I got 2 shrimp enchiladas, rice, beans and THE DRINK INCLUDED! Thank you for not charging me $2 for something that costs you $0.14!! The food was delicious, and I'm typically not a fan of green sauce. But I loved Margarita's sauce. For such great prices, you'd expect this place to be a little divey or "Mom and Pop"-ish (I.e. like Mango's Mexican restaurant that's just a few doors down). But this place is totally posh and hip. Really cool, modern art on the walls. Clean simple lines in the decor, chic black and white color scheme. I loved it! Can't wait to come in for a date night and hit that bar! :)
5	My 4th time here for lunch. Delicious salsa! And the friendliest staff in downtown Mesa.
5	This place is super reasonably priced for what you get and the food is great! It has a great atmosphere and authentic Mexican food. I love that it's right across from the Mesa Arts Center so we can grab a bite before a show.
4	Fantastic lunch specials! Great service, awesome environment, and amazing staff!The food is super fresh, very tasty, nothing gross, greasy, or corner cutty about it. I had the two tacos al carbon with Carne Asada and was quite impressed with the size of the meal, as well as the tastiness! This will absolutely be my new go-to lunch spot, as I live and work in downtown Mesa!
5	Great service,great food,and the atmosphere is nice. Noise is a little loud but the place was packed. The employees very friendly. I will be back.
5	Really nice place. I went here with 6 friends and our total was under 140(and that's with the 20% gratuity and three drinks). The food was great, I got the carne asada macho nachos and it was really great for the cost.The staff was also real friendly and our waiter was awesome( even though he gave us a different name every time)
4	Ate there for lunch today with a friend.  I got the chicken enchiladas and she got the chicken tacos and they were both very good, I really like their Spanish rice too.  I am glad there's a new place to eat in downtown Mesa.
2	I was in the area with co-workers trying to pick a place to stop for lunch. An employee came out of Margarita's Grill telling us how great the food was and how they are the best lunch spot around. He was friendly and we were hungry so we went in there. The place was almost empty when we arrived but did fill up eventually. We placed our orders and the waiting game began... It took about 45 min for us to even get our food and one of my co-workers was given the wrong meal. By the time we finished eating she still didn't receive her meal. They eventually brought hers out wrapped up because they new we were running very late due to their slow service. We all expected her meal would be comped or discounted but no such luck. The food was "ok", I guess I had higher expectations.
1	I really liked this place the first time I ate here but the second time eating here will be my last.  The prices jumped up overnight it seemed.  The portion sizes were cut back so it didn't feel like I got my money's worth.  The staff seemed, poorly trained, we had a waiter try to take our drink orders after someone already took our drink orders, then when the drinks came out only two showed up and the other two people who ordered drinks waited tell their food came out to get the drinks. The staff just seemed like no one knew where to go or what to do. I was embarrassed after talking this place up to my out of towners . I hope this place doesn't last long and something better moves in soon.  They would be doing downtown a favor if they did.
1	This place is making downtown mesa look bad! First time I ate here it was good and the prices were fair. Two months later the prices have been jacked up and the portions size went down, not sure how that works? Maybe they got a new chef since I ate there last? The staff seemed like they didn't know what they were doing or who they were serving. The Manger of this place needs to be replaced or just put a better restaurant on that corner.  Let's hope they don't delete this Honest review!
1	This place isn't good for groups even if they say they can. We brought a group in with two months notice and they weren't ready for us at all. Made us look bad and made our group mad and hungry. The employees where rude and untrained and the food had no flavor. All in all, I wouldn't go back here ever!
4	Great place. Food was very tasty. The grill chicken burrito was very good. The original margarita was a little bland but the Mango Margarita was amazing. Service was very friendly and quick.
4	Cadillac margarita is yum!  Chicken enchiladas are delicious!  Our waitress Sandra was attentive without being obtrusive! We will definitely be back!
