5	Nothing picks up a blah sort of work day like a "Moose at beer o'clock" text message from your friends.I don't know what the moose is smiling about, but I'm all about the awesome happy hour special.  Half off everything, weekdays from 5-7! The selection is top notch, and the staff is great (all of them, any hour). And as if that wasn't enough, the horror movies/decor, the punk and metal jukebox, and the free live (and loud!) music keeps the prissy riff-raff out.The Moose is exactly why I love my neighborhood.
4	cheap suds, pool, darts, and apparently karaoke on wednesday nights.   next time i'm in pgh, i'll be stopping back here
5	The Moose makes me so happy. It's always one of the first places I go out when I'm home in Pittsburgh. Drinks are pretty good, the bartenders are always cool and friendly, and the crowd is great -- has that kind of "rocker" vibe to it. The stage is downstairs, and so are most of the people. Upstairs is my favorite -- with the pinball machine, old school video games, and random seating everywhere. Always a blast.
5	The Moose was definitely a big highlight of my trip to Pittsburgh last fall.  It reminded me of my favorite bars in Chicago, so I felt comfortable even though I didn't know anyone besides my traveling companions.  Loved the upstairs area...laid back vibe, stuff to do (pool, darts, video games, live music).  Cheap, strong drinks.  I look forward to coming back someday.
4	Phenomenal live music, cheap beer, great bartenders and a good crowd make for a hell of a destination.  Visited this place the first time when I was living in Washington, DC, and the feel of the crowd at the Moose blew the hell out of anything I was seeing in DC.Whereas a lot of Pittsburgh's gone nonsmoking, this place is still a smoking establishment, for better and worse.
5	love this place.  love the atmosphere.  love the stage.  love playing on the stage.  love the crowds.  love the beer selection.  love the bartenders.  love the jukebox.  great punk hangout.
4	I have been to The Smiling Moose exactly two times now. Both were for shows of friend's bands. While It is inconsequential to my review of the bar, I have to advise that if you're coming into town from afar and need to get a parking spot try to make an afternoon of it. Rolling into the South Side at 10pm on a Saturday ensures that you will NOT get a parking spot anywhere. That place is like homecoming weekend on a college campus EVERY SINGLE WEEKEND.We drove around the crowded tiny hectic streets for 45 minutes before we found a spot blocks away.The bar it self is easy to find as it's right on E. Carson street with a neon sign outside. The ground floor has a long bar with a room that has a stage for shows. There are also arcade games, which is awesome if there isn't a show. If you go upstairs there is room to dance (if you're that type pf bar patron), pool tables, darts, and another bar.The bathrooms... well... i mean it's not Roboto, but it's still a place to use your p-style if you're a lady. It's about on par with what you would see in more of a "dive bar" then a club restroom. (I can say this, at least there wasn't any vomit splattered about. Thanks, ladies.) The drinks are cheap and plentiful. The bartenders and the doorman are always polite and quick to get you your drinks or in the door. More importantly, the patrons are always personable. This can be a very very diverse group of people all mixed together and it just always seems to go well. Very laid back. Very unassuming. Good place to dance to a weird mix of 80s/goth/current music too.
5	Proving once again that the nicest people in the world are likely to turn up at a Slayer show, the Smiling Moose showed me two of the best bar nights of my life when I was in PGH knocking on doors for the Obama campaign.  I can't recommend it highly enough.
4	I have never seen so many drunk douchebags as I did on carson street in pittsburgh.  The place was crawling on Sat. night.  I witnessed some police brutality & it took soo long to find parking.  We started out at Lava Lounge.  Maybe it was just a bad night, but there were too many white people with no rythme wearing cowboy hats there.  After 1 drink we left & tried to find somewhere else.  After many failed attempts at finding a decent place.  I simply stood on the sidewalk searching for anybody that looked non-douchy so I could ask for their advice.  I desperately grabbed the arm of a cute tattooed punk girl & she lead us to the Smiling Moose.  They actually were playing decent music & everyone was really nice.  Oh, & I got that girl's number.  Yessss
3	Ah the moose.This used to be my favorite bar in the whole city for years.  Then it changed.  Down were the ice skates, down were the random posters everywhere, no more is the pool table, and the upstairs is now a shitty venue.  /sighWell the moose used to be great and then they added things like order and second floor band cover charges.  I've maybe seen 2 bands at the moose that didn't make me want to rip my ears off and throw them at the drummer.  Lotsa crappy punk.  Regardless don't discount the moose just because i discredit it.  Its still a rad place for all the tatt'd up heads to hang out at.  Its just not the same.  Regardless they still have slayer on the juke along with down and maiden.  They still have the most insane things on the tv at any given time and the hockey stick banister.  I hope to hell they still have metal mary.  And they still have my memories.  They used to do vinyl metal night, always a good time.
4	This is a dive bar, make no mistake.  If this were populated by aliens it would be like the Mos Eisley cantina, only without the sweet ass alien band.  In all seriousness, the only time I've had trouble in this bar is when frat boy bar crawlers come in late.  I don't think I've ever commented on a bouncer, but that guys got it pretty much in hand.  Good for beer and well drinks.  Don't expect anything too fancy, just put on a dirty t-shirt and pray that you don't get herpes from the bathroom.  This place is actually best when it is uncrowded in the afternoon.  I used to go here to study and loved it.  There are shows there but it's really not a great place to see live music.
5	So, last night I had the pleasure of going back to the Moose. Once again, bands and a show and friends. Etc. I'm so happy to report back in that the things I absolutely ADORE about the Moose are the same. Last night the bartenders in the upstairs bar made the night for me. So fun and friendly. Not to mention the fact that without batting an eyelash, they could put up with our unabashedly unruly group of friends.The beers were a little pricey, but then again all beers seem that way when you're not drinking at home. The shots poured were to the brim as well. The service was impecable, the staff was fun and friendly, the alcohol was flowing like... well alcohol, and the sound for the show was great. I'm also happy to mention that they are now serving a full menu of food that goes well beyond your usual "bar fare." While I haven't got to try it yet, I'm looking forward to it.
4	Love what they've done with the added seating and food!  Still a dive bar at heart.  The bartenders are awesome!  They have the best happy hour in the southside. Drinks are priced well, they have good bands play, door price is cheap.  Home of Restless, pittsburghs BEST soul night!
4	The definition of a good dive bar.  Movies on the back wall and the bartender was quick with the pours.  As a note, grab the far left urinal or you may be giving the rest of the crowd a show.
3	Great beer list and friendly bartenders.  Kind of modern a dive bar with good food and great beers.  The live music is plus and can vary from night to night. But the higher beer prices and cover charges kind of disqualify this place as a true dive bar anymore.
2	Everyone I loved at the moose quit or got fired once they changed the entire place.  What used to be a haven for people who disliked the south side but were stuck living or working in the area.  Not anymore.  What happened to my dark/divey bar with absolutely hilarious and amazing bar staff?  What happened to Scoobs?  The day time bartender (god bless her, her name escapes me) who ALWAYS hooked you up with well made drinks.  The juke box is still non-melodic loud music.  But they've been renovating, they've added seating and candle light (at the moose?  wtf).  They have a menu of food that is just atrocious (peach and tomato bisque no thank you.) just as unappetizing as it sounds.  I'm disappointed as now the south side offers zero bars worth going to if you like well priced, well made drinks, and good service.  Oh, and Restless... decided to no longer have it's dance parties here.  Great...now what am I going to do if I'm in the south side.
3	I came here to see Altaic (an excellent local Pitt band), and the venue was a lot of fun. The sound was mixed really well, the band sounded amazing, the people were friendly, and the beer was cheap. It was a pretty good night and I would definitely go back to the Smiling Moose.
4	Despite being assured that Carson St. was loaded with great bars, we were unable to find any until we ducked in here. The tip off was the lack of a line outside. Once inside it was refreshingly dingy, smoky but not eye-waterlingly so, and the music was mostly solid. Good beer, not too expensive, relatively douche-free.
4	Great fun bar in Pittsburg's south side. Upstairs is poorly temperature controlled, so tell your friends to try deodorant tonight.
3	A-ok in my book. Brews, bands, and goodtimes. Though I think I have outgrown this place 5 years ago.
5	Yes...I know the owner and I know that's blasphemy on here. Hello people I got to be friends with the owner because I was there soo much. The Moose is a eclectic menagerie of Metal, Punk, Goth, college and I don't care what you think I'm here for the music people! I have worked with, photographed and know a lot of the bands who have stood on the stage of the Moose. Often they pull in national bands which are typically opened up by a local favorite. I know there is a calendar on line listing various bands and theme nights http://www.smiling-moose.com/ If this sounds like you kind of place don't take my word for it, stop down and check it out for yourself! Who knows, ya just might have some fun!!! There is now a huge screen downstairs and the bands now play upstairs. The Moose is one of those places you can go and not get judged no matter what you are into or what you wear. Over the last couple years Scarfo, the owner, did a lot of remodeling, painting and added a food menu. Now by all accounts The Smiling Moose is a metal bar, but the menu is all non greasy yes healthy food. He has a cook in there that changes the menu on a daily basis so there is always something different to try.
4	Dominatrix show?Yes, please. This place always surprises.Bring your whips and chains.(b)
4	The Smiling Moose is a great place for lunch.  I had the Sweet Barbeque Grilled Chicken sandwich.  It was was grillied to perfection and the barbeque  sauces was sweet with just a touch of spice.   I would definitley recommend this place.
4	My absolute favorite bar in Pittsburgh!  Even though it's located in the thick of all the other bars in South Side, it manages to etch out its own customer base.  You won't find any frat boys or Jersey Shore wannabes, but a wide variety of "alternative" types which makes for excellent people watching - hipsters, goths, punks, metalheads, hippies, you name it!  There is generally some good live music going on, and I love the dive-y vibe - loud, smoky, cheap!  Even though it's normally pretty packed, there always seems to be a seat available and the service is pretty quick.  Plus, no cover!  I really wish there were more places like this in Nashville!
5	When I heard that there was good food at the Smiling Moose I have to admit my stomach turned a little.  The Smiling Moose that I knew is kinda dirty.  The Smiling Moose that I knew is smokey.  The Smiling Moose that I knew had loud bands downstairs and staff that were way too cool to be bothered to get you a beer.  The Smiling Moose was the place we'd leave in a huff to go to Dee's.  I'm so happy to report that the Smiling Moose that I knew is gone. We went to watch the Pens game at the Moose last weekend.  We were the only people sitting at their CLEAN NEAT dining area (seriously).  The game was on a giant screen.  There are less than 10 table total, and all of them were filled by the time the game got underway.  This is a GREAT bar to watch hockey!  So much better than other places I've been on the South Side. The menu is an assortment of sandwiches, soups, salads and sliders.  We ordered a cup of the soup of the day, a Chickpea Chili with Ostrich.  It was perfectly spiced and very tasty.  The soup came with a big chunk of bread and was a meal in itself.  I also ordered the grilled cheese sandwich, which comes with tomato and bacon.  Several different cheese blended perfectly and gave me my gooey cheese fix.  The bread on this sandwich adds a lot, too - thick but soft.  My husband got the BLT sliders and really loved the Pesto Mayo.  Finally they had Pumpkin White Russians.  They were awesome.  The food at the Moose is quality, so the prices may be a bit more than you'd think.  These aren't $5 footlongs.  Sandwiches are between 7-10 bucks and come with a side. All of my drinks were all 5 each (but I am a beer snob, I'm sure the PBR was cheap).  All in all worth every cent.  We will be back....  a lot.  Especially during hockey season.
5	The food at The Smiling Moose is one of the best culinary experiences you will ever have.  The Moose is just a bar, like many others on the Southside, but the crowd (in my opinion) is more interesting and eclectic.  You won't find a bunch of frat boys or girls in Uggs there - it's more metal, punk, artists, bikers, musicians, and an occasional suit sprinkled in.  I was a little reluctant to eat there, because I was expecting a bunch of deep fried stuff (think Gooski's - it's really bad...in a really good way, right?).  But when a friend told me that the chef used to work at Cafe Du Jour, I became intrigued.  One word:  Amazing!   Since my first visit last spring, I can't tell enough people about the Habanero Burger.  It's perfection, seriously.  I probably have beef (a burger or steak) 4 times a year and 2 of those times are this burger at the Moose. I went there last night, after a short hiatus (I probably haven't been there for 3 months), and was pleasantly surprised to see that they had a new side for this burger (it's usually a really, delish, light pasta salad) - last night it was a cajun potato salad.  Yes, I said cajun potato salad!!!  And it was everything I dreamed it would be and more.  I've never rated a meal there less than an 8.5, but last night it was a solid 10.  So flavorful, great presentation, excellent service (again, remember, this is a bar w/ food - not a restaurant).......they are doing something EXTRA RIGHT & I am a fan!  Be sure to check out their site before you go (http://www.smiling-moose.com/events/index.php) - chances are, you'll have a fabulous meal and see a really good band, too.  The Moose is one of the best reasons for anyone to go to the Southside :)
5	This is one of the better bars in the Southside. The ownership here have added a personal touch with many of their favorite movies included in the decor and the drink menu.At their bar, they have 20 draft beer selections (and about 4 IPAs on tap). For their cocktails, their menu has several names based on the movies. We recommend the Phantasm, an invention of the bar's ownership, named after an old horror movie.The bar is relatively small with a small dining area at the back of the business. In addition, they have an upstairs where they have live music. From talking to the owner, the place was newly renovated in the past two years making it the cozy, nice place it is today to enjoy a drink. There is a large projector screen at the back of the restaurant that can show TV shows and sports.The service here was courteous and consistent, and added to our enjoyment of our time here. In addition, they have rules in place to keep their business clear of clientele that could tarnish its appeal.Their bar menu is extremely interesting with one of the best slider selections you can find anywhere. It's unfortunate we already ate and couldn't sample any during this trip. I look forward to revising my review based on sampling their menu.
5	The chef (Locke) is AMAZING! I think this is literally my favorite spot to eat in the South Side. I personally like the Cat Fish Tampora tacos but everything is really good. Don't be scared off by the "punk rock" feel. This place doesn't allow smoking and the food is gourmet quality!
5	One of my top 3 bars not only in the Southside, but in the city. I'm a fan of a great, friendly, personal service. The kind of staff that will remember your name. And they excel in that. Great menu, with a great mix of traditional and non-traditional bar food. Great draft beer selection. I can go on for hours singing its praises. All I have to say is if you haven't been here, you've been missing out.
4	Last time here we saw some good live music. This time was a Tuesday. We were in town on a Tuesday night and as we soon found out, that meant it was free open mic and stand-up comedy night. We actually had lots of laughs. Cruel laughs. And frankly, I don't know what gives me the right to be such a snark. God knows I'd cry my way off the stage, dead- armed too. Did I not mention that I think we saw some dude begin to weep after his set? Damn. How are you still smilin, Moose? The things you've seen? He was no worse than anyone else! Do you hear me? No worse than the rest of them! So, the night was part comedy, part tragedy, as so many often are. For real though, for a moment it was like being part of some kind of a heartbreaking documentary of sorts... while laughing with horror?  We never felt so alive.Anyway, upstairs is cool. The Smiling Moose has really good daily drink specials between 9 &11, the beer list is varied, and our bar tenders were lovely. We had a really good time. Good stuff. Also, since this place has, "moose," in the name, it was a great opportunity to do movie quotes from 1981's Arthur. "Why don't you forget about the moose for a moment!!!" Ah man, now you made me miss Dudley Moore.
4	This was a great discovery in the South Side. It is not your typical South Side bar (which is a very good thing in my mind), and it has surprisingly good food! I think it is smoke free too, which makes it all the more appealing. I highly recommend stopping by for some sliders the next time you are in the area!
4	I have judged this book by it's cover for far too long. I've always know The Smiling Moose to be "that metal bar" that looked sort of dingy from the outside. Turns out they have a fantastic draft selection, about 10-12 micros on tap and another 30 or so in bottles, and an amazing menu all being pumped out by a legit chef (the former chef at Cafe du Jour). A friend and I stopped in on a Sunday afternoon for some lunch and beer during the Steelers game. We arrived around 12:30 and were the only people in the bar. A few more showed up closer to 1 which is when the kitchen opens on Sundays. This is a great place to watch the game as there are 2 flat screens at the bar, then a giant projector screen in the dining area. I tried the buffalo wings and the baked spinach and broccoli dip while my friend had a cup of the roasted red pepper bisque and the cajun wings. The spinach broccoli dip was awesome! It was like if you combined spinach artichoke dip and broccoli cheese soup. It's served up with some toasted french bread for dipping. The portion is very generous, on my own I was only able to eat about a 1/4 of the serving. The wings were so-so, a little too heavy on the black pepper for my taste. My friend said the red pepper bisque was the best soup he has ever had. For 6 wings, the dip, and 2 beers my tab was $23. On Sundays they have a limited menu, but I did take a look at their full menu and it looks great. They have several inventive sandwiches, sliders, and snack. I think I'm going to come back during happy hour (half off craft beers and $2 off sliders) to try more of the menu. The Smiling Moose is my new favorite bar!
5	Very rarely do I find a place that really blows me away.  For such a small place (with a small menu), I am pleasantly surprised to give The Smiling Moose (TSM) five stars. Most recently, I went to TSM with boy on a Thursday evening.  The bar was full, so we chose a table in the back.  A very friendly server came over, took our drink orders, and attempted to read us the specials.  I told him there was no need, as they were posted on a chalkboard right next to us.  I can't tell you how much I like this.  Because if you're like me, you have the attention span of a goldfish.  I feel awful making waitstaff repeat their daily offerings.  At TSM, specials are posted in at least two conspicuous places. Huzzah. I ordered the burger of the day which was served with muenster, grilled onions, and lemon aioli.  Boy chose the grilled strip steak sandwich with roasted tomatoes and horseradish mayo.  Our food was turned around quickly and I enjoyed one of the best burgers I've ever had in Pittsburgh.  It was perfectly cooked (medium), and all of the toppings complimented each other. Moreover, it was a nice "Goldilocks" portion.  Smaller than the offerings of Burgatory and Winghart's, TSM's burgers won't ever leave you feeling like a glutton. Boy really enjoyed his strip steak sandwich.  Both were served on Mancini's bread, which is always a big hit with me.  The one thing I dislike about many would-be great burgers is the soft, tasteless bun. Both our sandwiches were accompanied by the daily side of potato salad, which was very tasty. I have absolutely no complaints about The Smiling Moose.  Drinks are reasonably priced, the food is excellent, and servers are friendly. Definitely a must-try in Pittsburgh.
4	Seriously one of the raddest places I have ever been.. Dive bar, rock and roll club, and the most eclectic and unique menu items - Chinese five spice sliders... corn and black bean fritters with red pepper mayo... And a toasted cheese sandwich with roasted veggies, apples, and caramelized onions... All served with a 5 dollar pitcher of yeungling.   This place is a must see!!!!
5	This is one of my fav spots in South Side. Drinks are reasonably priced, service is great, and even though I don't usually like bar food, their food is really tasty!! I love watching the Pens games there because of the big screen!! I went once for a Trivia night and it was packed and so much fun!
4	Combining a number of craft beers with half-off Happy Hour, good food, an eclectic mix of patrons and occasional live music makes The Smiling Moose one of the better spots I've visited on the South Side. I stopped by with the intention of eating, drinking and watching the Pens game and somehow found an empty seat at the bar. That's when I found out I only had 30 minutes left until the end of Happy Hour (5-7pm). Quickly looking over a salivating list of craft brews, I decided to partake in a Rogue Double Chocolate Stout. Of course, I made sure to order another one (remember, 1/2 price!) around 6:58 pm.The bartender also informed me that all their sliders were half price during Happy Hour as well. One version included BBQ sauce, grilled onions, cheddar and bacon with a side of macaroni salad. I easily submitted an order. Thank you, Mr. Bartender! He eventually took away a completely empty plate as Smiling Ben enjoyed the rest of the game.
4	Came here randomly while driving past Pittsburgh right after their lunch rush.  The bartender was friendly, patient, and gave us good recommendations for beer. Prices are reasonable, and the ambiance has an alternative feel; think CGBG. The portions were sized well, but my steak sandwich was a bit chewy.  I didn't expect the most amazing dining experience at a bar, but overall this place is great. I will definitely visit again next time I'm in Pittsburgh.
5	Great place, huge tv screen, solid service, college vibe, creative and delicious bar food.
4	I'm assuming the moose is smiling because he eats and drinks here every day.  If it was me I'd smile to as this place is one of the shining stars of Carson Street.  When it comes to pubs the other one is Pipers.  Us Yelpers really have our act together as we have collectively awarded these folks 4  1/2 stars and they absolutely deserve it.The beer list is very good and reasonably priced.  They have about 24 drafts and tons of bottles.  I'm most often an IPA guy and I usually have several to choose from.The food is gastro pub level and boarding on amazing.  The last time I was in my bartender was Keith and he was great.  As I was sipping on an excellent craft IPA he talked me into the daily special.  It was a killer sausage and Chorizo sandwich that was built on Mancini's bread.  It was served with a side of potato salad and was about $8.  As I took my first bite I think I moaned with ecstasy.  It was that good.On another visit I had a chance to sample both varieties of fritters.  Corn and Black Bean with Roasted Red Pepper Mayo & Polenta with Kalamata Olives and Garlic Marinara.  Either is $7.  Both elicited more moans of delight.Carson Street has so many places with just average food that it's a true pleasure to have a great brew and a high quality meal at a very reasonable price.
3	This review is subjective to a few factors 1. I went here after running half in the Pittsburgh marathon so it was a lazy Sunday evening, it was quiet and dead. As it turns out this is out how I like bars if I have to be in one while recovering from jelly legs. 2. The service was fast and efficient, because again the bar was dead it wasn't that hard for the girl to keep up with drinks for about 4 patrons. (Though she did have to look at a recipe to make a simple Margarita ... could be disturbing). But my friend said her drink came out alright. 3. Price 4 Vodka sodas made with absolut for 17$ is pretty standard and pretty darn cheap, so that made this place more favorable in my opinion. 5. Minimal kindergartners as I call the young folk in Pittsburgh... too mean? Eh ok to be fair I never adjusted to the herds of young people in the streets of southside at night. But having broken age 30 I feel like the big sister who gets to point and laugh and run from the younger siblings who cannot hold their booze. Again you will note that it was a Sunday and most people did not head to southside for drinks after the marathon but a few did. So if you hit this place on a fri or sat night expect a different crowd.
5	I ate here with friends shortly after they opened their kitchen. I remember the food being awesome! But I'm writing today for one simple reason: I was at Smiling Moose for a meetup and wanted to grab a sandwich. They had plenty of vegetarian options but nothing vegan. The sandwich I wanted had cheese and an avocado mousse. The waitress was very nice and asked about the mousse for me - it contained butter. I still ordered the sandwich but without cheese or the mousse. Now, I was perfectly content with that and didn't mind that I would probably have a bit of a dry sandwich. However, the chef made me a special vegan pesto!!! It was delicious! And the sandwich was great too! I was so happy and appreciative that they went the extra mile for me! I'll definitely be back on a weeknight when they have the regular menu (it was short because it was Sunday). Friendly staff and yummy food. What else could you ask for!?
5	Only go here for shows upstairs, but love it as a venue. Sound is a lot better than most venues of similar size. Only thing that sucks is trying to find parking.
2	I attended a show at The Smiling Moose last night. I never really know with shows and concerts who is responsible for the sound, the rules, basically the all around stuff that makes up the experience of what you are seeing. For the small space, the venue wasn't bad. It reminded me a lot of Brillobox with it's dark painted walls and upstairs setup. Just wasn't as big and not really as cool since they didn't have a bar upstairs where the show was going on. Seems like a big missed opportunity. There is room for one! My main beef with The Smiling Moose is the drinking (or lack there of). So you want to let under-agers into the show? I get it. But if we are letting the young ones in and setting up some rules, why wasn't I informed of them before purchasing a strong IPA before the show was about to start!? We went down to the bar. Upon exiting the bouncer said to my friend in a matter-of-fact-you-are-an-idiot tone, "If you are under 21 you can't re-enter." "Ummm okay, I'm not under 21", he replied. "Well then I told you that you needed a wristband." Geesh dude, there was a band playing when he came in. Calm down.We went downstairs (ugh) and got really great beers. The bar tender had to know we were there for a show since we came down the stairs at the same time as other people and the music from upstairs had stopped. So, we buy a beer, take it upstairs and the bouncer says "You can't have beer in here" like we should have already known his rules that were posted nowhere. So we had to go downstairs and basically chug our beers to make it up for the end of the first song. All along a band member from the first set had come down to grab a beer too. The poor (literally) band member made a comment about how he couldn't believe there weren't specials for that band, since they get that a lot. Then he heads upstairs with his beer only to be sent back down to finish it. He had bought a dogfish head with the little money he had and was also forced to drink it fast to see the band he was touring with.Maybe this place is great to just go in and chill. But the lack of friendliness from the staff and the lame rules for the bar were a huge turnoff. I suggested they play at Brillobox when they come back into town.
5	While I haven't had a chance to partake in the Big Moose's food offerings, I have on a few occasions enjoyed quite a few frothy beverages at this South Side gem.A jack of all trades, the Smiling Moose serves as a bar, restaurant, music venue, watering hole...  you name it.  They have a massive screen on the first floor, which makes it a fantastic place to watch a Pens game instead of fighting the normal South Side throngs.  The beer selection is great, with quite a few heavy hitters (7%+ abv brews).  Where the Moose really shines is its happy hour...  1/2 off all craft and imports from 5-7 Monday through Friday.  Anytime you can have a Troegs, Rivertowne, Southern Tier, and Moosehead draft for LESS THAN $10 total...  that my friends, is a deal.I definitely plan on making it here for a show sometime in the future.
4	The Smiling Moose has really improved over the last year or so. I love this place because everything is reasonably priced, the drinks selection is pretty good, as a concert venue (upstairs), it's small but awesome, and the food is great! It's a super casual, relaxed bar that you would expect to have your typical run-of-the-mill fried bar food, but ALAS! YOU ARE WRONG! They have some really neat menu items, and everything I've tried there is excellent. My only "meh" about The Moose is its size. There is not any standing room really, but if you can get a seat at the bar, then you are golden. Nothing better than dinner/drinks at the bottom bar before going upstairs for a good show. Quickly becoming my favorite!
4	This is one of my favorite places to eat in the Southside. The kitchen is generally open until at least 11 and there are usually a large number of daily specials. I highly recommend ordering the specials over the normal menu as they seem to be more interesting. You can order food anywhere in the bar, but there are some tables you can sit at on the first floor. Some of my favorites have included: watermelon gazpacho, Atlantic cod fish tacos, shrimp po' boy and the pulled pork. Keep in mind that during sporting events they only offer a limited game day menu.
5	Damn do I love me some Smiling Moose. I have been coming here since it was way more divey and still had holes in the walls (way back before those walls were red, and way back before food was served.) I like everything about this place. I like the upstairs venue for shows. I like the big screen in the back and the random whatever that's on it. I like the drinks named after movies, particularly the Captain Spaulding, and I actually do enjoy the apathy of the staff. I like to drink and be left alone with other heavily tattooed people that like to drink and be left alone. Occasionally, we feel like being social creatures, and when we do, we come to the moose. I have always felt welcome here, and my non-tattooey friends have never felt unwelcome, and that's the most important part. This place gets a rep for only serving a certain kind of people and nothing could be further from the truth. Every bar has it's niche, and some don't seem too welcoming to those who don't fit the profile, that's not the case here. The bartenders aren't going to kiss your @$$, and that's just fine because that's not what I'm looking for. They are going to make you some killer (moderate pun intended) drinks and they are going to laugh at your drunk stupid self. I love this place.Oh yeah...the food is actually pretty awesome.
5	The Smiling Moose sure had me smiling.  The food is remarkable for pub grub.  On my last visit I had the fish taco and the mac and cheese the mac and cheese was loaded up with real bacon. This was the kind of meal to write home to mom about everything about it was spectacular the bacon gave a nice smokey flavor the mac. The Smiling Moose also impresses with their selection of seasonal beers and if memory serves me right they have at least six on the beer list if not more. They are going above and beyond the call of duty to keep there customer's satisfied and for that I have to give five stars.
4	What a great local bar!  Good drink specials, friendly staff and locals.  We stopped in for a quick drink after dinner.  Next time I really want to try food!  Will be back when I come to town.
4	The Moose is a very interesting place. Upon arriving don't' let the big scary bouncer dude that scans your idea back you out from entering. I've gone in this place dressed like a total prep to a total metal head/punker and have never had a problem with anybody in there. Lots of horror pictures and scary masks fill the walls and usually there is rock, metal, electro, or industrial playing on the juke box. The people drinking there are friendly and come from all different kinds of scenes around the burgh area. The bar tenders are fast, nice, and courteous, and I have never had a problem waiting a long time for a drink. They have your basic beers on tap and a wide variety of bottles that can keep your taste buds entertained if your are bold enough to try something new.They do have a food menu, but I've yet to try any of their dishes yet.Make your way upstairs and you can usually find some type of rock/metal/punk band rocking out to a small but hungry crowd.  There is also another bar up stairs and some old school video games that are always entertaining to play and bring back good memories of being a child. The bathrooms here are a little odd haha. Since I am a guy I can only comment on the guys room and its very small and crammed. Its painted dark green with stickers, and fliers and writing covering the wall. It can be a little intimidating at first but its cool when your pissing, you can read the crazy shit that people have written over the years.This is a sweet place to drink and every journey I make to the south side I make sure to at least have a beer in here weather the place is crowded or not. I like the atmosphere and the big video board they have which is always playing something cool that goes along with the music blasting, and recently they have been putting the Penguins games on their big screen projector so that's a plus! Definitely go into the Moose. I'll keep going back to it too so maybe ill see yinz there!
3	Great food, but the service wasn't very attentive. Highly suggest the pastrami sliders.
5	Good food and good people. The service is always awesome, and the menu is even more awesome. 20+ draft beers and countless bottles. Definitely a unique place in a very good way. They've won awards for their food 3 years in a row, and for me personally, that says a lot. Go to the Smiling Moose. You are guaranteed a great time.
5	Smiling Moose is amazing.The food is amazing.  I've never had a bad meal.  The ingredients are top quality.  The Smiling Moose is the perfect example of upscale pub food.The beer selection and prices are sufficient.  I don't need giant selections like Fat Head's.  Smiling Moose may have a smaller draft list, but they clearly work to have a nice variety.The food at Smiling Moose is absolutely amazing.  I can't stress it enough.
4	Can a place be classy and white trash at the same time? I didn't think it possible until tonight. Fantastic burger. Great beer selection. Super nice people- even if many were missing teeth.Not being from Pittsburgh, I know nothing really about this neighborhood. But this place seems to sum it up nicely. Cool short and narrow row houses line the streets. Working class by the looks of it. And a great, cheap meal. What more could I ask for?
4	We were visiting Pittsburgh for the weekend and decided to explore the south side on East Carson. Thanks to the recommendation of a young lady who was paying her parking fees when we were, we tried out this bar. Wow! The food was fantastic! And the beer was cold. Not your typical bar food. I had the fish tacos and my husband had the Mac and cheese with eggplant. Both were specials and both were fantastic. The atmosphere was filled with 20-30  year old alternatives - that which were were not - however , we were very comfortable there.
5	The Smiling Moose is small bar /restaurant. They also have shows upstairs featuring local and non local bands!  We have frequent this bar to see our favorite local band The Semi-Supervillains !  You must check out one of there shows ! The food at the smiling moose is pretty good for bar food! It's also a great place to have a drink and catch a game on there TV with fiends!
5	This place was amazing. Came here on a Saturday night for dinner, and was so pleased. The beer list was really solid, and the food was outstanding. I had the Hot Pastrami sliders, and they were great. Spicy, but not too spicy, great flavor. The other bonus was that you get three sliders which are easily each the size of a small hamburger. These were the biggest sliders I have ever seen. They came with a fresh in-house pasta salad for $9.00, unbelievable deal. Everything was fresh, local, made in house from scratch, really outstanding. Would come back in a heartbeat.
5	Worth it for the food alone. This place is a hidden gem. Then menu changes up and the chef is tops. Good live shows to check out as well.
4	This is a great place.  They have outstanding beers on tap and the food is super.  If you're into live regional and local music, the upstairs has shows several nights a week with a variety of styles.  Get the sweet and spicy pulled pork sliders.  They're phenomenal.
5	I predict I'll have a hard time writing this review without excessive use of superlatives.... but in this case, the Smiling Moose deserves every single one.The upshot: The food here is top notch. Seriously some of the tastiest food you can find around. The menu points out that the Chef is the winner of the South Side Soup Contest two of the last three years - and first runner-up in the other year. Yes, the soups are incredibly delicious, but so is everything else. Fresh salads and sides, delicious burgers and sandwiches, an incredible line-up of daily specials, excellent sliders, great "snacks", and all done with incredible presentation and precision. The portions are good-sized and provide excellent value. The menu is also very vegetarian-friendly, with a ton of options for those folks. Come for the food alone, and you won't be disappointed.The atmosphere is very casual and the staff is friendly and approachable. As mentioned in some other reviews, the Moose is located in a long-standing punk rock bar, though the musical offerings run a wider range these days. Horror movie posters line the wall. It's a really eclectic feel, but it somehow works perfectly together. For beer drinkers, there's a fantastic draft list of around 25 or so brews - and a nice selection of craft and local offerings.I met a friend for lunch recently and ordered exclusively from the specials menu. Tempura battered fish tacos of Alaskan haddock and a seasonal zucchini artichoke soup. Both were really delicious. I haven't had fish tacos this good since I was in California, and the soup was lick-the-bowl good. My friend got soup, as well as a sandwich that is basically a grilled cheese and pierogi sandwich, also on the specials menu. I tried his sandwich and vowed to return to order one of my own.Really, really pleased with the Moose. I bet you will be, too.
5	This place probably doesn't need an intro. Upstairs to watch Steelers games, live shows and get loose! Awesome bar that the normal Southside weekend crowd doesn't go into
4	Had a really good time here. We came on a week day in the afternoon and the place had a few people who were eating so we grabbed a table in the back and had a few drinks. Good service and great selection of beer. I would like to come back here and try the food though.
4	There are a few reasons I continue to go to The Smiling Moose. First is the drink selection including some decent cheaper wines, fun movie-themed mixed drinks, and plenty of beer options. Second is the right pricing. It is very cheap and there are generous pours. Third is the music, including live shows upstairs in their intimate venue and the karaoke. Oh my goodness, is it fun to do karaoke on a little stage. The crowd is always fantastic, too and everyone is really encouraging. Definitely give this place a shot, meet up friends for a drink or catch a show. I have yet to try any food, but maybe that will be for the next trip!
5	I've never heard of this bar before but made my way here one night as a friend knew someone playing in the band performing. The band was opening for Nick Thomas of Spill Canvas and shows are played upstairs in a small intimate area which really allows a more personal vibe which I really liked. The upstairs also has a small bar located in the back area.The main bar downstairs although super tight and not much room for moving around (because of the band), was really cool. Covering the entire bar walls were various horror pictures from movies and actors, giving a really cool unexpected theme. If you're a guy, I hope you're not shy as the bathroom was the smallest one I've ever been in, two people barely manage to fit in there. The bartenders were all super slammed but still nice and never rude. Happy Hour was great as drinks were half off. Although we didn't eat, the food looked and smelled amazing.Pittsburgh has its share of bars and places to go, some of which are not the greatest, so it's always nice to find a random place and it be a fun night out. I'll definitely be back if i'm ever in the area.
2	From Baltimore. ... food wasn't good, service was literally a 50/50. One girl was super nice and attentive, other girl was rude and MIA. food was not good. Shrimp skewers were nasty and frozen, all the food on the plate did NOT work together. There were fried peppers and oniojs, fresh greens salad, frozen flash cooked mini shrimp and not good aoli on 1 plate - yuck. Then pasttami sliders had a lot of potential but came out soggy from the kraut, thick pastrami (which is usually fantastic, but this was burnt and fatty) and pasta which had a cool twist of sunflower seeds mixed in was bland and AL dente....overall,  a lot of potential but a 2 star rating from us tonight.
5	The Smiling Moose is my favorite bar on the Southside and one of my favorite bars in Pittsburgh. In addition to a bar/restaurant, it also doubles as a music venue. There's a small performance space upstairs. It's not unusual for the bands to hang out at the bar afterwards. Johnny Craig (of Emarosa fame) sang karaoke one night after the Slaves show. Anyway...the food is awesome. My favorite is the shrimp po' boy. Comes with some kind of corn salsa that I've never had with a shrimp po' boy before. The sliders are also phenomenal. During happy hour you can get them for $2 off.They always have great beers on tap, as well as a hug selection of specialty drinks with a horror movie theme. Speaking of horror movies - the place is super cool because there's horror/sci-fi memorabilia all over the walls. There's about 4 signed photos of Sid Haig (Captain Spaulding in House of 1000 Corpses). I could hang out here every night if I had more money. If you haven't gone...definitely go.
