5	Both my 6 and 8 year old had a FAB time with their friends at Kids' Club last weekend! It's a perfect oasis for this Las Vegas heat! They ran around for hours...climbing, jumping, sliding, running, playing hide and seek!  All in a safe and CLEAN environment! **Love that I had a comfortable seat to hang out on while I watched them play! ;) You guys have thought of everything! Can't wait to bring them back!
1	I guess the reviews on this place would be good if you had and older child. I took my 2 year old son to try it out today. The idea was cute but most of the equipment in the toddler area was too big for smaller kids. There are a lot of blind spots where if you not careful your child can get away from you. The bounce houses have plugs that are not childproofed. So any child can go and unplug them and potentially collapse one with children inside. My little guy spent most of the time just walking around and it was both a waste of time and money for my family.. The membership for this place is 60 bucks a month. And in my opinion there isn't enough to do there for the kids to justify that amount of money a month. Especially when there are much better, cleaner places in the area for almost half the cost. I would suggest you save your money on this place if you have smaller children.
5	Excellent way to keep your kids active and SAFE in this crazy summer heat. I have a 7 and 5 yr old who love it, we attended the grand opening and found the facility to be all we wanted and the staff (including the owners, who were VERY attentive) to be excellent! Best part (ok most selfish part) I can sit, use the FREE wifi, read or just enjoy my iced tea from the coffee cart while the kids are TOTALLY safe and entertained. Different from the park where you always have to keep an eye out, the kids are safe here once you enter the doors. Well worth the drive from across town as it truly is a one of a kind place.
4	Great fun place for kids. Especially in the brutal Vegas summer. Super clean and pretty huge!. My daughter loves it. 2 separate play areas per age group, Jumpers and little area for riding cars on a track. The review that was negative said it was too expensive and $60 a month but that's not entirely true. If you want you can pay per visit which is only $10, and if you want to just check it out you get one hour free. I would agree this place is best for kids 3+ but they do have a toddler room with all sorts of toys. Also a cute snack bar, plenty of chairs and couches. I really hope they succeed.
4	I have to say I really like this place. I have now gone three times and each time the place is very clean and the staff is friendly. On the times they had extra staff you will see the them engaging with the children and starting games with them. There is plenty of seating for parents to sit and chat while the kids play. At the little kiosk with food they have free coffee for the parents. A comment states that this place is only good for 3+ I do not believe that. My children are 7, 4 and 2 and all love it. My friend has a 1 year old and both him and my 2 year old are able to climb and play in even the bigger kid area just fine. It did take me or my older kids to show them at first to understand. After that they were physically able to get around without getting stuck anywhere. Smaller kids are allowed in the bigger area unless it gets busy and they will separate the kids for safety. If you are worried about your little one getting hurt when its busy there is a little room you can get to from the front that has a bunch of soft toys and things to climb on. They have little trains that children move by a hand bike which is pretty cute. My kids love that they have bounce balls that they can run around with. The front has a first-aid kit if you so happen to need it. Sometimes they give out helium balloons to the children. All and all this place is a great way to escape the Vegas weather and really fun for the kids. Only reason I didn't give it five stars is because for someone with multiple kids it can get expensive if you don't want to sign up for the monthly pass. Some might feel $10 is too much but it really is worth the price.
5	My 2 year old daughter love's Kid's Club. it is perfect for the HOT summers in Vegas and soon to be COLD winter. The staff is wonderful and always helpful. The Parent's Night Out is the Cherry on top!
2	I agree with the other reviewer, that is might be better for older kids. There just isn't that much to do besides climbing on cleaner Mcdonalds type play equipment. Also, the seating makes it hard to see where you kids is at all timesAlso the prices on the website are now $15 a visit? OUCH! and the open play hours are limited...not that great a deal to me!
1	Shame on kids club and their new pricing. My son used to love going here but now the open play is limited and costs more. The inside is nice and my 3 year old has a lot of fun there but now it is nearly impossible to find time to take him there. The membership cost isn't worth it either since there is little open play anymore. So ridiculous!
4	Very clean. free coffee and wif-fi and man, just HUGE indoor playground. Perfect for my 4 year-old. He really digs the bouncy houses.
4	We visited this place today and my daughter fell in love. She is 18 months and part monkey I think. She is a climber, so she was in heaven climbing everywhere and on top of everything. She also loved the bouncy house, but really, who doesn't?!?!I purchased a Groupon for 10 visits for $49, which is an awesome deal. Full price seems high($12ish per visit) but about the going rate for these types of places here in town. I have seen this location on Groupon several times before, so if you like this place, buy the Groupon and save a bunch of money.
5	Love this place!!  It is always very clean, so fun for the kids, and the customer service is remarkable.  The staff is so friendly, and very accommodating.  They have crafts, events, movie nights for the kids throughout the month.  It is currently under new management and so far I have seen nothing but positive improvements.  They offer military discounts, other discounts and specials throughout the week.  You don't have to be a member to enjoy the fun.  Day passes are $10, but they have specials throughout the week too.   Birthday parties are a blast here and very stress free.  We love Kids Club!
5	We held my daughter's 2nd Birthday here. She had so much fun, as did all of her friends.When we arrived the private room was set up with drinks (cold water, Capri sun), paper plates, napkins and plastic utensils. All we had to do was show up with cake, pizza and the kids. The staff even cleans up & takes out the trash.Because you only get 2 hours, I do suggest you have the party as a "free for all". IF you need structure and schedules, this place probably isn't for you. I just told the parents, feed the kids when they're hungry, give them cake if they want it. We didn't sing Happy Birthday (my two year old doesn't know the diff yet) and we took presents home to open later on.It worked out well. the kids were able to play as long as they wanted, take breaks when they were ready, and the parents were able to supervise near the play structures, but still socialize with each other.I highly recommend it.
4	I brought my 4 year old son here to play for the open play which was $10 from 9-12 which was fine by me because he was able to get out all of his energy in the few hours we were there! It was a very relaxing atmosphere for me too. They offered wifi & complimentary coffee. One thing I did notice was there were two women working there that morning and one of their kids got hurt in the playground and neither of them knew about it until a little girl ran over to his mom and said he was hurt....I think they should keep an extra eye out...even if theyre working.
5	We had our daughters first birthday party here. We had so much fun playing on all the structures. The host was very helpful and attentive to our needs.  We were able to bring our own food for our event and they even gave us a little extra time to setup and cleanup.
5	We've gone to Kids Club numerous times and it's always clean and well managed. My kids have an enjoyable time.The last time we went, we did encountered some rather interesting people. LuAnne S. and her husband were bullying multiple children all in favor of their grandson getting the toys that he wanted when he wanted them, even when other children were playing with them.LuAnne and her husband made complete fools of themselves by acting like immature crazies by yelling profanities and embarrassing themselves numerous times. She even went as far as writing a 1 star review, twisting and turning the story in their favor. It's no wonder their poor grandson acted the way he did toward other children. Shame on them for writing a horrible untruthful review about a business that had nothing to do with the petty argument between their grandson not understanding the rules of sharing.
1	Found this place on Yelp, looked perfect for my 3 yr old on a rainy day. Told him I had a surprise for him & we were on our way. It says the hours are from 10-6:30 today, so when I called & the # was out of service, I decided to go anyway. When I finally found the place at about 12 (the door is in a very obscure place) the lights were on, but the door was locked. I saw lockers & thought maybe I had the wrong door. There are some double doors to the right of it, though. They were open, I saw more lockers, so I went in. It led us to another set of double doors that were also unlocked. We went in, but the place was a ghost town. I started to become worried when I called out & no one answered. They were supposed to be open 2 hours earlier, lights are on, doors unlocked, no employees. I went to the back of the place to check it out & ended up setting off the ALARM!! Scared the heck out of my son & I. I went from confused potential customer, to concerned citizen, to ticked off critic all within 60 seconds. My poor kid almost peed himself. I did inform the cops that there wasn't a robbery taking place & left promptly. I will never be back again. Who is running this place anyway?! I've heard awful reviews from others & I totally believe them now. What a joke. How can you run a business like this?
1	So this is the second time I come and the doors are locked. It seems like no one is in there. The website says they open at 10:30 I think. It's about to be 2 pm and they are closed. Managment should keep up with hours of operation if they changed. Is it even open for business if not please update your website
