5	A really awesome store close to Chandler mall.  Everything in this place is either vintage or handcrafted by a local artisan.  It is like going to a craft fair or art walk except in a boutique setting and with cheaper prices.  This is really the embodiment of the shop local mantra.  It's like a brick-and-mortar www.etsy.com.  I can't say enough good things.
4	I'm changing my review from a three star to a four star ONLY because of an employee there.  I wish I remembered her name!  It was the weekend of an event (In July) and it was pretty crowded.  I went there specifically to buy a certain color of paint.  I only needed a small amount.  I found they did not have it on the shelf and it appeared to me that they only had the large can.  I went to the desk and asked them about it, but the boy there desk told me they didn't have it.  This sweet lady (Blonde, short hair and she was holding her grand-daughter who had come to visit the shop.) asked me if I was okay and I told her "I guess I need to buy the large can of this color because I'm in the middle of a project and am out."  She IMMEDIATELy said she would go see in the back and "make me a smaller size"...and that she did.  SHE WAS AWESOME...I wish I remembered her name to give her credit.  The other staff is fine..a little stiff but fine...But this lady saved the day for me!!! Thanks so much!Okay, I hate to break the five star reviews (by the last two people) but the shop is just "okay" in my humble opinion.  It' seems to be based around Annie Sloan Paint.  Now, first let me give you my two cents about the paint: it's great paint that doesn't drip hardly at all, it dries very, very quickly, and it has a fantastic look to it once it's finished and waxed.  HOWEVER, it is very expensive; a quart for about $40.  Sooo, my husband, being the "frugal buyer" that he is, decided that surely he could make the same chalk paint if he found the recipe.  And he did just that.  He found the recipe, bought some "oops" paint from Home Depot, some plaster of paris and made the incredible chalk paint and  It took him about ten minutes to mix it up.  Being the extreme skeptic that I am about him wanting to save money and then getting less than quality items, I really thought he was wasting his time.  I was very annoyed with him but decided to try the paint to prove to him that I was right.  I was WRONG.  The paint turned out just like Annie Sloan's Chalk Paint, and now, I make my own and usually don't pay anymore than $7 for a huge amount.Okay, I digress. Back to the review.  I have been to this shop twice, and twice it seemed just a tiny, weeny bit snooty.  Not totally obvious...just a tiny bit. Could be just me, but when I told the sales girl that I found the recipe she laughed in a condescending way like I usually would if I were trying to convince my husband his recipe for paint wont' work.  She tried to convince me that it still isn't as good as the original.  The merchandise is fine, but a little too arts and craftsy for me.  The one things I fell in love with were these two vintage petticoats which when I inquired about the price, the sales lady said they were not for sale.  REALLY???  geeeeeez louise, then don't tease!  I don't mean to be a kill-joy, but the shop was only "just fine".  I would rather drive down to city and cruise 7th st where all sorts of funky shops are located. However, if you want a sort of vintage shop in the burbs...go for it..this is your place.
5	WOW!  What a great little store in Chandler.  I fell inspired every time I leave the shop. LOVE the employees because they're so helpful. I took a class and the instructors were great. Green Table Gift store is a must see for anyone who really enjoys adorable gift ideas.
2	I have really appreciated this shop and the artisans that have sold their fun and creative items. However, in the future I will need to be very selective in what I purchase due to their no return or exchange policy which is on their receipt but I did not notice and have never needed to return( an exchange or credit would have been great, was not really looking for my money back,it was an insignificant amount compared to what I originally spent on all the Christmas items I purchased),I was a little miffed when I bought some Christmas items only to find that I could have purchased them at half the price a few doors down at Tuesday morning . I could be wrong on this, but I am convinced that the items were purchased at Tuesday morning and then sold at green table, they were exactly the same right down to the ribbon on them, just a different price tag. It is just disappointing....Too bad... I always do a big part of my Christmas shopping there and I may or may not be back but if I do I will  be extremely careful with my purchases in the future.
