5	The convenient location was this place's first draw, but have consistently chosen to return for other reasons. The variety has provided me with everything I've gone in there for, as well some some novel experimental boozes. The prices can be stunningly reasonable, depending.The offbeat staff is very friendly and welcoming, and  in some cases canine. The store has a warm neighborly feel to it. The dive-though can spare the timid from these eccentricities if desired.
5	I lived in Tempe for 10 years, and this was my regular liquor store.  There are a few great things about this place:1.  For a drive thru liquor, the prices are reasonable.2.  They usually have a special on a particular beer or booze that beats even grocery store prices.  Like $4.99 sixers of microbrews, etc.3.  The staff and owner are very helpful and friendly, unlike many other convenience liquor stores.4.  Very dog friendly.  They usually have a dog treat for my pup as I drive thru!5.  Great location at Southern and Mill.6.  They have a decent variety.Great liquor store, and definitely the best drive-thru liquor I have ever experienced!
3	I am always on the search for a 'unique' and inexpensive option for nearly everything.  I pay $25 a month for cellphone service...300 minutes of talk, unlimited text and web...Chobani and Oikos Greek Yogurt at 3 for $1...chicken for $ 0.99 a pound...and while these folks are not the cheapest on all the alcohol choices I enjoy, they are the closest drive-thru liquor store near my home.Microbrews, uncommon or rarely found libations and mixers (ask them about ginger beer and Goslings Dark Rum), and a friendly attitude overall (except for the short guy with long hair who has a bad day occasionally.)The prices are reasonable, and they frequently have a special on beer and liquor that beats everyone else.  Because of their specials, I have tried several beer and liquor choices I might not have otherwise made. The staff are dog-friendly (my dog is welcome in the store as well as greeted if he is in the car with me when I drive through, and he has never missed getting a cookie).  Add to this the willingness to offer suggestions when I tell them how much I have to spend on libations, and we have a contender.Except for the Popo trap (watch out if you drive through even minimally impaired...they will be hiding to the right as you turn left out of the drive through), a decent short-notice drive-through option.
5	Great friendly service with a nice selection and drive thru. Hours are not posted but the owner told me they close at 10pm on Sundays and 11pm during the week. I would return just to support the owner.
