5	We found this little gem strolling through Montreal on a weekend jaunt. The decor and ambience are charming and unique and the waitstaff is attentive and friendly without hovering. We had the foie gras, Quebec cheese platter and the duck confit. All were spectacular and very authentic tasting with unique additions. Very glad we stumbled upon it!
5	Walked by this restaurant a few times before deciding to go for a nice dinner here and we were not let down. We started with the pea soup and the Mac and cheese and both were incredible. For our main dishes we ate the seafood bouillabaisse and the duck cassonette. Every single bite was delicious. Not the place for you if you're looking for a healthy meal but the elegant comfort food style of Grenouille was everything we needed on a wintery Sunday night. The prices are a bit steep but the portions are huge and the ingredients in each dish aren't cheap (bison, duck, crab, mussels, foie gras, saffron, etc.)There is an excellent wine list with glasses starting at 6,50$ a piece. The setup is so warm and cozy with dish towels as napkins, big wooden tables, chalk boards on the walls and in the bathrooms, amazing rustic decor and old bluesy music playing calmly in the background. The wait staff was knowledgeable and extremely friendly. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone. AND TRY THE MAC AND CHEESE
4	First time in Montreal, trying to find something on Mount Royal before hitting St Laurent on Friday night and walked past this place.  I didn't have booking so was led to sit at the bar which was perfectly fine for me.Bartender explained all the specials to me patiently and I tried 2 appetizers instead of ordering a main.  The portion size seems more bistro/ American than French so that worked out perfectly.  Service speed was very reasonable, the restaurant was completely full with what I can gather a big party of almost 20 people over 3 tables near the back and another 2 party of 8 in the front.Split pea soup was very flavorful with the addition of the pulled pork, fried smelts with garlic mayo I loved and would actually make a great bar snack with wine.  The other thing I ordered was a pudding with blue berries and pot of creme.  That was ok probably not something I would go back to this place for.If I have time before I leave might come back and try something else.Want to give it 3.5 stars actually because I am a dessert person and it didn't wow me there.  Prices were very reasonable given the quality of food tho and quite a good selection of wine as well so I will let the 4 star sits...
5	Walked by this restaurant and noticed the awesome logo of a well illustrated frog (looks kinda like a salamander also). I peeped inside and saw how cozy it looked. Decided to eat there with my boyfriend and wow was is it a great choice. Our waiter was attentive and everyone was friendly. I ordered the cream of mushroom and a bavette plus home fries. My boyfriend had the lasagna. I must say the cream of mushroom...was seriously legit. Why I say this? Most of cream of mushroom I eat, is just full of cream and barely mushrooms! This one on the other hand was super rich! I really enjoyed it.My bavette was slightly overcooked and not bloody enough for me, but that's ok. Usually restos don't make it rare enough to my liking. It was acceptable and the fries were really tasty. I dipped mine in the mayo that was given and I think by the end of the meal almost all the mayo was gone. Oops.  I also had a tasty rose on the more really fruity side for 7 bucks.Oh and I have to add, for game lovers ...there's a sega system towards the back with Safari Hunt, equipped with gun. Um...how awesome?? I shot ducks and bunnies, bears for the rest of the night before paying my bill. Prices are reasonable for a French restaurant by the way.. Check it out if you're in the plateau area. I really recommend it!
4	Great brunch! There was a bit of a wait on a Saturday afternoon but it wasn't too bad. It was verrryyyy slow though after ordering, so be prepared to wait for your food. The quality of the food was amazing. Love their ice coffee (they add milk and sugar mmm), and the eggs benedict with mushrooms and spinach was fantastic. Great vibes all around.
3	We were looking for a little place to have brunch today (Saturday) and thankfully this was one of the few places that didn't have a line. We sat outside on the patio, which was lovely, but the service was not very good at all. We weren't given water until about 15 minutes after sitting down and we weren't offered english menus until about 30 minutes after sitting down. The water had quite a lot of floating lint in it, both times we were given refills which was disappointing. We got our food about 20 mins after ordering. I ordered pancakes with blueberries and caramelized bananas which was not bad. The texture and taste of the pancake was definitely unique.  My friend ordered eggs Benedict which was also pretty good, but the potatoes left something to be desired. Overall: alright
4	Good food, interesting logo. Good vibe and very good service. The food is flavorful and fresh, and the staff is always there if you need help, though when they're busy you might have to wave your hands to get their attention. Also a nice outside terrace for food when it's warm.
