5	A new love is born!This is an update to my first review of their other location http://www.yelp.ca/biz/le-fumoir-rubs-montr%C3%A9al#hrid:l01Z-P8OwPMOy08cM6bADgThis restaurant opening is the most exciting thing that's happened in 2014 as of yet! I'm a HUGE fan of Rubs' smoky deliciousness that-stays-on-your-fingers-for-days and used to go to their Prince Arthur location on an almost weekly basis, since they closed down temporarily, I'm so glad I got a fix elsewhere. This Laval location is beautiful, much roomier than their first restaurant, lots of banquets and a big bar that could accommodate a good dozen people. Also, plenty of parking!I went on Feb 1, opening day, despite some computer glitches and slow orders, the food is as good, if not better than what I remember a year ago. We came back the following evening where Superbowl Sunday proved to be much quieter and found more things to like from their menu. Prices have gone up a little bit, you now have to pay 1.95$ extra for premium sides like mac and cheese, grilled veggies and sweet potatoes when they used to be included at no additional charge. They are so worth it though, you cannot come here and not get their smoked mac and cheese!! They finally have a drinks menu and have added a couple new food items. Initially we wanted to order the prime rib but it wasn't available unless you wanted it sliced in a sandwich. I would suggest calling in advance if you really want it because they only have it on weekends, first come first serve. My dining companion can be picky but he absolutely adored the beef ribs he "settled" for and has been fantasizing about them since. The salmon may be overlooked as it doesn't seem like a popular item to get at an american bbq place, but I assure you, the buttery, smoky tenderness of it WILL satisfy. Pretty much everything is worth a try, my mouth is watering as I type this...It's rare that I get to interact with people behind the scenes, I love that one of the owners (shout out to Mike!) is very hands on and present at the location. He always comes by to check up on customers and if there's any issue, he is willing and able to please. Whoever runs their Facebook page also does a great job of being responsive to fans. I'm loving this business, spreading the word and wishing them all the best to thrive!!
5	Fries were amazing, the beans are great, coleslaw is fresh and the beef ribs are excellent.
4	When I heard Fumoir Rubs was opening near to my house, I practically fell off my chair. Who can blame me, right? A southern, Americana BBQ styled menu in Laval? I can count those who offer this in Laval with the fingers of my hand.So off to the review, after 2 visits, had to make sure, see? *squints eyes*First visit was during a weekday lunch with a friend, no line-up at noon, got a "banquet" in a quiet corner and ordered the pulled pork burger, with side fries and 'apple' coleslaw. The burger was HUGE and more importantly, AMAZING. I've had pulled pork countless times in my life but this was probably the best pulled pork burger I've eaten in awhile, if not ever. Did I mention it was HUGE? I could barely pick the beast up and take it out of its fat misery.The side fries were a bit disappointing and the 'apple' coleslaw didn't really taste like either apple nor coleslaw. It wasn't terrible but not for me. Either way, after the burger, I didn't have any more space.The price tag was reasonable and the service very efficient. I got my meal within 10 minutes and my drink in 2 minutes. All in all a perfect 5 star experience.The next visit was a few mere days later with wife and friends on a Saturday night. As I bought my infant with me, our visit was in mid-afternoon, before the possible Saturday night rush. We were placed in the back with similar families and children, a smart and efficient way the staff took care of business to segregate guests accordingly. As a new parent, the last thing I want to do is annoy other patrons and with similar patrons all on the same side of the restoraunt, the other patrons without children can be left in peace.This time I went with the St-Louis ribs, my friend went with the Beef ribs and we decided to share them. The food arrived after 25 minutes and I got lucky enough to have the same waiter who provided once again more than adequate service. He was obviously rushed but he took care of us and got tipped handsomely (I hope he felt that way) for his efforts.As a rib man, I like many types of ribs and know my ribs and the St-Louis ribs looked impressive when they arrived but someway, somehow, I felt neutral about them. Maybe it was the sauce or the fatty cut about them, I didn't particularly care for it. The Beef ribs were slightly better but still not my cup of tea.This time I went with the side sweet potato fries ($2 surcharge) and the standard coleslaw. The sweet potato fries were exceptional and loved them. The coleslaw wasn't for me.We ordered dessert (cheesecake) and a cappuccino and they were both very good. I hope they try to expand the selection of desserts in the future by 1-2.My wife was disappointed the mac-n-cheese burger wasn't available and went with the normal burger which she found decent but nothing to write home about.All in all, a good experience.Will be back.
4	Tried it and really enjoyed the smoked salmon sandwichLooking forward to going back and trying the ribs
2	The food was pretty good. Service was below par. Asked some questions about the food and the answers didn't match what we received. It was Saturday night but the service was very slow.
4	So this was my second time at Rubs and the meal was tastier this time around with the pulled pork sandwich. I tried the ribs and Mac and cheese the first time and I wasn't very impressed, maybe I just have high standards? I thought the ribs were a bit dry but I'm also used to baby back ribs fall off the bone type which is not the case at Rubs I also like sharp cheese in my M&C and thought it was a bit too bland and "liquidy" to my liking. Service is always nice, friendly and quick however it wasn't busy so I don't know how it is on Saturday nights. The Pulled pork sandwich was really juicy and bursting with flavor but I wasn't really into the coleslaw, I usually like mine with a vinegary kick and I kept craving pickles with this sandwich for some reason. Overall I would go back for this sandwich and ask for pickles and try different sides. Worth a visit that's for sure !
4	This place is literally 5 minutes from home... I drove by many times but nothing enticed me to stop until one evening I saw that they had a lot of TV screens and a bar section.  My friend and I were looking for a place to watch the hockey game and I thought that we should give this local place a shot!We sat at the bar and were served by a very nice girl (sorry, not good with names). She told us about the recommendations (Smoked beef & Beef ribs).  We ended-up taking the ribs, and I got to say that they were phenomenal!Upscale version of La Cage Aux Sports without the popcorn on the floor.Definitely will go back to watch some playoff games.
4	Decent first experience!  Solid 3.5 stars. Service was ridiculously good at the bar and my friends and I were catered to all night long. The food was good, however my plate was simply ok. We all had a pulled-something sandwich. I had pulled chicken, and my friends had a pulled primerib and pulled pork. Out of the three, mine was definitely the least flavourful. Despite my plate, I will definitely be returning to try some other stuff on the menu. I mean, who else does a Mac and cheese burger bun? Yup, I love gimmicks.This place is worth checking out.
4	I've wanted to try Le Fumoir Rubs for quite some time while noticing that American style BBQ is getting more popular here in Montreal!We booked the place for 20 people for a group function and were given the option of a more private area so we gladly chose this!  It was nice, not too loud and comfortable for us to stretch out to two tables!  Onto the food.  We ordered the pulled pork nachos as a started and Chicken wings as well!  The PP Nachos were amazing!  The chicken wings were good with a nice smoked flavour but were complete wing tipped versions!  Not the best I've eaten in my life but definitely very good!  For the main meal we ordered the Texas platter.  It came with 4 sides which we chose (mac N cheese, sweet potato fries, apple coleslaw, beans).  Only complaint is the serving portion was a bit smaller for the sides that only allowed for a small amount per person (we were 5).  Onto the meat, there was a very large portion of beef brisket, pork ribs, chicken & pulled pork.  It was seriously so damm good!  Barney Rubble and Fred Flinstone would be in heaven or any other meat loving carnivore!  To wash it down I had the Key lime pie.  Not as good as in Florida but passable for Quebec!  All in all everyone seem satisfied although we probably had to all undo the belt buckle a notch or two!  Having a bunch of beer it was around $50 per person (tax & tip) which is very reasonable!
5	I have been to the restaurant a few times in the last few weeks and every time it is better. The food is amazing, service is great and the prices are good with the size of the plates you get. The appetizers are huge and they have those kool aid deep fried pickles and they are just out of this world.I was there to watch a hockey game and the ambiance was amazing.The only thing that I could find to complain about is the size of the side they offer they are a little small but not a bug deal at all
4	BBQ at it's finest!I've eaten here a couple of times and these guys can smoke meat! I've ordered the pulled pork; it was excellent. I've ordered the St. Louis ribs; also excellent. The beef ribs; excellent!!! See where I'm going here?I can't say I've been blown away by the side dishes, though. The mac n' cheese was average and the smoked vegetables lacked flavor. All you taste is smoke. The coleslaw is ok, but can also use an overhaul. The meat is really the star of the show. The sides are the back-up singers you don't really pay attention to. The portions are big but not obscene. I had the chocolate covered bacon and ice cream for dessert. It was ok for me, but the others I've dined with found it to be outstanding. It's bacon and ice cream- i could take it or leave it. It's a big portion so it's easily big enough to share with another person (or 2)!Service is ok. Again, not outstanding, but they get the job done I guess. Prices are reasonable as well.
3	My last review was 5 stars but I have been twice after that and both time the waiter was borderline rude, the service was slow and the food was not good at all. I was shocked because its a much different experience than what encountered before. Both time I went during the Fifa and the place was empty. The first time we had a few different appetizers and they were cold and the blooming onion was greasier than usual. The second time I had the tacos and I was expecting soft shells but to my surprise I got stale old el paso hard shell tacos. The filling was ok but not great.Not sure now if I will be going back kinda left a bad taste in my mouth
2	Although slow and not terribly attentive (nobody even there to greet us, we had to wait almost 5 minutes despite no line up and available tablea) the service was decent and polite. We had the blooming onion which was good but the rest of the meal was mediocre. Nothing special about the mac n'cheese burger, which lacked flavour and was difficult to eat. The ribs were good but nothing more. The chicken was dry and also lacked flavour. In short, it was worth it to try out something new, but with all the choice out there, and the average/less than average food we won't be going back.
5	I used to go to their location in Montreal quite often, and now that this one has opened up closer to my house I go a lot more! The food is just as great as always, while the continue to add items to their menu. I'm a bit confused with these negative reviews about their service seeing as I always have exceptional service. I suggest you try this restaurant out for yourself, you won't be disappointed!
4	Very nice food if you like BBQ and smoky flavours,  generous portions, vast choice of dishes ( chicken , pork, salmon and beef) ; not a place for vegetarian :) service was fast, tried the smoked salmon salad and enjoyed it , dressing was little bit sweet to my taste but the salmon was very well smoked not too dry, vast choices of alcohol drinks (rather short on the beer list but good choices of whisky) . One of my kids did not like the Mac N Cheese (she is not into smokey smokey flavours and rather classic in her choices) however my little one really enjoyed the chicken sandwich along with the fries and coleslaw. Prices are on the high side for this kind of food and you can easily spend 40-50$ per person if you take a main dish and appetizer not to add 5-10$ per alcoholic drink. All this said i recommend it for meat and BBQ lovers.
5	Let me get this out of the way first: Any restaurant that upon being seated offers you "Bar Bacon" instead of bread is fucktits awesome.Which is what this place does.What is "Bar Bacon" you ask? Just incredibly spiced fried pieces of bacon for your munching pleasure. Yeah.What else is good?How about a ghost pepper Bloody Caesar?Or stupidly big, tasty & tender beef ribs?What about some great beans as a side?Yeah.Go here.But come hungry, because they serve you "holiday at grandma's house" sized plates.
1	In one word: disappointing. Could not eat the meat and there was nothing to good to order for my 3y daughter.
5	It's so nice to be able to give 5 well-deserved stars for an awesome experience. Rubs knows what they are doing, and the meats are just amazing. Flavourful, cooked to perfection, this was a perfect way to end a cold, snowy day. Our group of 6 shared the big Texan platter and a plate of beef ribs, of course with all of the sides. We were all thoroughly impressed, not only with the food but the ambiance and the service as well. We ended off with their chocolate-covered bacon and ice cream which, despite not actually having any room inside my body for more food, was the best way to end the meal. WOW! Thanks to Mike and the staff for an authentic, memorable experience.
