4	We went here on First Friday- in October, after a two- month break period (the FF event was on break, for those of you who don't know). This is down the block from Armstrong's (our go-to hoarder's paradise thrift shop- if you went there, you'd agree with me)- we heard someone say that they were neighbors, so we walked a few feet over there, out of sheer curiosity. It was the Grand Opening- there was a DJ spinning, food on platters, and of course, merchandise- it's upcycled or repurposed (it's handmade or artisan, so to speak), and some things were new, too (like the ipod- classic 80's phone connector thingee- ok, I don't know the official title, but that's the best description I can give). My friend bought some statement shades- white, one continuous, unique (probably an 80's design, seen once in an 80's movie)- guess you'd have to see it. If you're my friend on FB, you'd see her as one of my friends wearing it in her profile picture. It was marked $15.00 but since it was the Grand Opening, it was $10.00. She was very happy. (And another event we attended, later in the month, Bite of Las Vegas, people kept making comments about it!)There was a few things here and there (spacious), like some really ornate metal wall dividers with colorful accents (can't recall the exact price, but it was over $200). It was something that I'd probably consider buying (if we had a bigger house). There were some furniture pieces in the front of the store. There were a few clothing pieces in the corner, some vintage, some repurposed. Nothing in that area really caught my eye. The dressing rooms were right around the corner. The decor is fun, colorful, and appealing. The DJ was behind the cashier, behind the glass window. The vibe was fun (music). Lots of people were wearing those hats inspired by "Where the Wild Things Are." Some of them were working on something, but I wasn't really paying attention. I did notice that they were mostly in their 20's. One of the party-goers was making conversation with us, while we were at checkout- he was nice, not creepy. Maybe he was friends with the owner?Cool place to check out when you're here for First Friday. You might find something that you like. This is a Lifestyle Boutique.
5	I had been hearing this store advertised on jelli/kyli everyday while I am at work; and recently had seen a posting on Facebook from them regarding EDC ticket raffle and thought "No better time than the present 2 kill 2 birds with one stone, eh" so on Saturday afternoon we drove down to check it out.It is a raver chic's lil paradise. They have all the flashy glowy lighted "stuff (wings, headbands, pins, necklaces, sticks and so on) that you will need for EDC as well as some cute tutus and other accessories. They have a lot of the costume stuff that are usually pretty hard to find anywhere here (I have resorted mostly to ordering online previously). Additionally, as mentioned by another reviewer the customer service here is excellent.I would suggest that you check it out because it seems like from the previous reviews the stock changes a bit from time to time as well to incorporate other stuff for purchase than what I have listed. Oh yeah and as much as I would like less people to compete against for the tickets, you can get entered into the drawing by going down and purchasing a "kandy" bracelet with numbers for a chance to win in April.
5	I first heard about this place on Jelli Radio and the ad caught my attention because they sell the real Spirit Hoods which I only thought you could buy online.  Being a DJ I also was interested they were pitching themselves as an EDM store.  The first time I visited the store was a few "First Fridays" ago.It was a great vibe and the staff was super friendly.  They had a DJ playing live with his turntables setup in a room behind the counter.  They had all kinds of raver gear and great stuff for people who like to go to the big EDM clubs in Vegas.  I noticed right away they have more stuff that previously in Vegas you could only order online like Emazing Lights.I am stoked to see this type of business in the Arts District and looking forward to the events they have in the store.  They already have a cool EDC ticket raffle and they told me they plan to do Party Buses to EDC.  I hope that the locals will support this store because I remember the days of Liquid 303 and was sad to see it close its doors.
1	I was not a fan of the psychedelic g strings, the neon electric pants , the store doesnt have nothing nice  unless you want to wear a tutu and some crazy ass pants
1	So EDC weekend was coming and coming fast. I was getting very frustrated because I did not know what to wear, when I heard the commercial for better than new on jelli I said well there's my answer! Told my friend and headed straight to our destination. As soon as we got close to the door 2 hotdog dogs (lol) started barking and going buck wild. I thought that was pretty odd I mean I'm not really someone that complains a lot about things but that struck me as very unprofessional. Anyway, we go in and start looking around while these guard dogs are following us around like we're going to steal the 4 things this store has. Really they don't have ANYTHING, and what they do have is extremely over priced. I mean I understand that raving clothes is pretty pricey everywhere but this place seriously takes it to another level. Needless to say we looked thru everything for about 2 minutes and ran for the door. I'm sorry but there needs to be more variety of clothes and more affordable prices. Ended up at hot topic and got 3 outfits for about $100 can't beat that.
5	Great store, cool vibe. Where else can you shop for spirit hoods with a wiener dog escort?Staff are really nice, very helpful but not intrusive.
4	A fun store for club wear. The owner has two cute wiener dogs that guard the store. She was also very helpful to myself and friends, offering discounts for checking in on social media. I highly recommend if you are looking for something custom made to wear out on the town.
5	WOW!!  What an awesome place!! Cool stuff for the EDC crowd and really unique things to express yourself!! I LOVE the CUSTOM HEADS!! They have masks that are handmade by a local artist!! Any they'll customize them to your individual needs-- where else can you go and get service like that at such a reasonable price!! The owner is really friendly & the atmosphere is super happy!!! Will certainly visit again and definitely order a mask or two!!! Love it!!!
1	Website says they have LEDs for gloves, called...  they had none!, ridiculous, how do you claim to be an EDM store with no lights??
1	Horrible service!!! They weren't open during their own business hours. I'm currently sitting outside the store waiting for the employees to return. They have a sign on the door that says "will return soon" it's been an hour!!! I don't understand how business can just close like this when people expect them to be open. What the fuck?
1	Showed up at 7:45 and they are closed when the sign on the door says open till 9pm. Waste of a drive and gas! Thanks for nothing.
