4	I give it a four because I had a great massage with my guy. My girlfriend though said her massage was a little weak. She said they guy had little hand and wasn't a very powerfully massage. We went in durning opening week and got there $10 1hr massage special. When we went to pay though all they said was take care of the massage therapist. I have them both $20. The place is a little dirty and run down looking on the inside. And they didn't start playing music till half way through the massage. But overall I left feeling relaxed and happy with my experience. Would go back again.
5	This place is so awesome. I decided to post my first Yelp review to acknowledge it!!!I've been to 70-80% of Las Vegas Foot Spas so far. This is by far the best foot spa I've been to in Las Vegas. At first, I was afraid of the service here by reading all the reviews from Yelp, I still decided to go and tested it out. The price is $15.00 + tip (there is a recommended tip of $10.00 sign on the counter when you entered the place). I had a lady (I didn't ask her name) massaged me. The total length of time is one hour and probably a little bit more. It was a whole body massage. It's about 20 minutes front upper body (including head, neck, both arms, and hands),10-15 minutes foot massage, 25-35 minutes on the back. I was very curious why the place only has 3 stars review. So, I asked the lady if they changed the staffs. She told me the whole place was newly owned by a new owner around September 2013. The new owner replaced all of her staffs to experienced massage specialists.We talked a little bit after the massage. I liked the service, so I tipped her a little extra. I will definitely return to this place.
2	My friend and I came here off of a $19 Groupon for a one hour massage with hot stone therapy.  As we walked in, although the man hardly spoke English I wouldn't exactly say that we had a warm welcoming.  The massage was nice, relaxing, half way through he had told me that the hot stones were an extra $10.  I told him the groupon said an hour massage WITH hot stones. He then continued to give me the services I originally paid for. Hot stones were about a 4 minute process all together.  They finished our massage in 45 minutes.  I let it go. As we got up to tip our therapists, I decided a $5 tip for a $19 groupon and a 45 minute massage rather than an hour, was pretty acceptable. They then told us no, the minimum is $10. No exceptions. I'm pretty sure that is very illegal. You can't charge someone an amount for a tip when they've already paid for a certain service. I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE. They are not friendly, and they are hustlers. Greedy.
1	Tried to go here for a foot rub (not looking for anything more). Lady at the desk weirded my friend and I out so much that my friend and I left within 30 seconds of walking in. She looked at us up and down repeatedly and talked to us like I imagine a cheesy Chinese hooker might ("Hi!!! Where are you from?! Welcome to Las Vegas. What can I do for you?" With a mischievous grin.) She then asked where we were from and demanded to see my ID before letting us in, at which point we just agreed this is definitely not the place we were looking for and walked out.
