5	Thank you Yelp. Thank you Tamara. Another fantastic example of Yelp working its Yelp magic. I had been unable to locate our usual mobile dog grooming service. Just disappeared off the face of the earth. Probably went to Pluto...Pluto? Get it? The dog, the planet, oh, never mind. Then I read Tamara's review of Galloping Groomer. Mind you, my adorable and gifted Emilie was in true need of a wash and wax. She went from "Best in Show" to "Mangy Ho". Poor thing. Enter Galloping Groomer. Right to your front door. They whisked Emilie out to the mobile spa and she never knew the wiser. Sweet thing, cute but not so smart, thought she was going for a poop sniffing walk. Anyway. Friendly. Professional. And really, most importantly, I know this will sound cheesey, but loving. Our groomer LOVES dogs and it shows. So thank you Tamara. Thank you Yelp. Thank you God...oh, wait, I'm not on a televised award show. Emilie is now cuter than ever and smells of lilacs and vanilla instead of well, Alpo breath and dog sweat.
5	I have been using Rita from Galloping Groomer now for over 10 years and she is fantastic.  They do not come any better than she.  I have 2 old English Sheepdogs that love her and she loves them.  She comes right to the door and picks one up, goes into her van, bathes, grooms and drys and then takes them to my door and picks up the other one.  If I am busy she will always go the extra mile and take them outside to potty, etc.Honestly, I do not know what I would do without her.
4	With mobile groomers being in such high demand I didnt know how long I would have to wait. I called on Friday and got an appt for the following Wed. Compared to some other smaller groomer companies that was not terrible considering they are closed Sunday/Monday. There are 3 huge +'s for this company1. They are located in North Central Phoenix2. They have more than 1 van to roam and groom3. Their first appt is at 7amThey were very prompt. I have a large cat (27lb) and I was quoted $50-60 depending on hair length not size of cat. The bill was $67 which seemed like an odd amount but I still have a $8 to round it out. I figured it was the size and time which was approx 45 min. I am sure a smaller cat would be less expensive. They do ask that you have a way to plug in their 100ft extension cord to get power to their truck. If you live in an apt this service may not work for you unless there is a garage or something.My cat looks good and I didnt have to take him down to petco and risk him pooping the carry case on the way there. So is $75 worth the non poop..yes it is..yes it is....
5	Fantastic and well worth the money!My Eskie is really wary of grooming but Galloping Groomers made it so easy!  They arrived early, let me walk her before she went in and Tina was so sweet with her that this was the least stressful grooming she's ever had! Highly recommended!
5	I had SUCH a great experience using Galloping Groomer for my cat! I highly recommend them to anyone. My cat is indoors-only, and I have never bathed him myself. I called Galloping Groomer because he hates the car and I liked the idea of minimizing his stress time by taking the car ride out of the equation by having someone pull up to my place. I took advantage of their convenient 7am appointment so that I could handle the grooming before work. Making the appointment was easy, and my groomer, Kristi, was right on time. She came in and built rapport with my cat and was very patient as he clawed her shoulder, drawing blood, as she carried him out to the van! She was also patient with me: she allowed me to stay with my cat throughout the process, and helped calm me down by explaining everything step by step and assuring me that even though my cat was basically screaming, that he was okay (apparently she stops immediately if they start heavy panting or have an accident). I was very impressed with the office's follow-up call several days later to ask me how my experience was -- very good customer service. Overall I am glad that my cat and I got through it. Kristi was great with him and I can see why people call her the cat whisperer. My cat was still pretty traumatized by the entire experience so I won't be doing it super regularly, but he felt "so fresh and so clean clean" afterwards so I know it is worth doing at least every 1-2 years. Maybe with my learnings from Kristi's technique, I'll even be brave enough to try on my own sometime?
2	You would think a pet grooming service that has been in business so long would make sure they hire great groomers.  I did not have a good experience at all.  My Bichon was cut so close to her skin and it was very uneven, also had three razor burns on her stomach.  I think I could have done a better job than they did.  Will not use again!!
2	I decided to try Galloping Groomers because they have been in business for such a long time and they must be good.  Well, I was extremely disappointed and not only did they give my Bichon razor burns on her belly but the cut was not even.  She looked terrible.  I paid and gave a decent tip but I will not use this company again!!
4	I called them based on Yelp's reviews and was not disappointed.  The price was fair and the service was very good. Irene, the groomer, was gentle and good with my large, elderly dog that I had qualms about trying to get in and out of my van after an accident doing so. Irene totally understood and did great with Poky. She was not able to bathe her because they have a limit on poundage and Poky was about 35 lbs. over! But she did great on her nails and ears and it was well worth the $41.00 to NOT go through the stress of hauling her to Petco again! Thanks GG, and thanks Irene, will be calling you again!
5	My dogs are a little difficult to take out in public, so having them come to my house is a huge convenience. Very professional, on time, reasonably priced and Linda was great with my dogs.
5	Very pleased with our first experience with Galloping Groomers. Linda was on time, pleasant to work with, and trimmed our Goldendoodle exactly as requested. With so many people having problems just finding a mobile groomer much less a good one, I don't know why you'd ever look anywhere else.We've used other mobile groomers before that charged $100 for our dog, which is the same as the local groomer charges. GG only charged $67. And they have a first timer $10 off coupon on their website.Will definitely use them again.
5	After years of worrying about our pup being stuck in a crate at the groomers, we finally decided to try a mobile groomer whose entire attention would be on our girl. Linda from Galloping Groomers was the perfect solution! She was extremely loving to our dog and groomed her exactly the way we like...the process really could not have been easier or more positive! I highly recommend this reliable company. We won't be going anywhere else for future grooming appointments!
5	Wow, where to begin? Linda came to our home and groomed our 12 yr old border collie who has never been professionally groomed. She was greeted by my daughter as I was tending to a family member in the hospital. Our dog doesn't have the best manners, she doesn't like the vet, barks at strangers and hasn't been around alot of people. But she was an absolute mess, and I needed help this time. Linda, according to my daughter, was pleasant and calm with our dog, very professional and showed care and compassion for our family pet. Linda came and took her, a matted tangled mess, and brought back a happy spirited clean brushed out and beautiful dog. Our dog was visibly HAPPY. I had spent 3 months 12 hrs a day, 7 days a week, with our family member as I was his caregiver, and we knew we were on the losing end. I apologize Linda, because I messed up and didn't instruct my daughter to tip you. You did an amazing job and we are grateful. Our dog is now ready to see Linda again but our family is dealing with Dad's loss. I will be calling Linda again and will be sure to tip her for BOTH visits.
1	This is based solely on a phone call, not service, want to be clear. Was very disappointed, I saw all these great reviews and had high hopes. I called to get more info (never had a pet groomed before) and the woman who answered immediately interrupted me at the start of the call. Rather than providing me with information about the business or services, she began qualifying me as a customer based on service area, pets, and began quoting me prices in a way that made me believe a lot of people probably turn her down based on price, rather than justifying to me why they are worth the cost. I asked about scheduling and she informed me that she would need 3 hours for both our pets, but that she has no 3 hour blocks available. "Ever?" I asked. She said, well a few here and there in June and then we're on vacation in the first week of July. I said "ok, do you want to schedule us to do 2 separate appointments for shorter time slots?, I'm thinking work with me here lady, I feel like I'm asking her to do the biggest favor for me to take my business. She asked for my address and then asked if we have a place to "plug in her van?", I told her again I'd never had this done before and what did that mean? She said well "we need x, y, z to do the job", at which point I said that it was ok, we'd figure something else out. I have never before spoken to someone who has made it so immediately clear that they were not interested in my business.
5	Our first grooming for Mocha (our dorkie) and Linda arrived out our home. Linda was very pleasant and attentive to Mocha.  She listened and did a great job with him. He was very excited since it was a first with a groomer and she did well calming him down.  We highly recommend this groomer and company.
5	This is the second time that I have had my little girl "Yodi" groomed with Sabrina. The first time Sabrina was right on time, was very pleasant to talk to and listened to me when I described exactly what I wanted Yodi to look like when she was finished. I have to say that literally Yodi came bouncing out of Sabrina's van so happy and so excited and was showing off her "new do"! I wanted to try a mobile grooming company because to be honest I was just done with taking my girl to the groomers and having her sit in a kennel until it was "her time" and then having her sit there afterwards as well. It was just a huge pain and I found myself not getting her groomed as much as she should have been. Now with Galloping Groomer I can schedule an appointment every other month or every month if I want too! It's the best because they come to you and they work around your schedule. I found Galloping Groomer here on Yelp but then I also asked around and this company was recommended to me. I am extremely satisfied and as long as they are around I will never take my dog to a shop again!
5	My Havanese just had her grooming session. We had a groomer named Irene and she did a fabulous job! Irene was knowledgeable, experienced and a sweet lady! She gave me some great care tips for my dog. I will do this on a regular basis!
1	I know that my Westies' hair will grow back, but I have to say that their most recent grooming experience by -----, which was her second attempt, was an absolute mess, the worst EVER in a long line of groomers who claim to know how to groom Westies but really do not. Irene did not follow my instructions, so my older dog, Shiro, looks utterly ridiculous.  First of all, any groomer would do better to learn how to properly shape a carrot tail.  ---- shaved my girl's tail for the first inch or so at the base which looks baka, like a Christmas tree trunk.  She also shaved the back of the tail about halfway up from Shiro's anal area (WT...?), which made it look extremely uneven, and left the front part of the tail too long for the purpose of making a comb-over in the back.  A comb-over on a dog?  Seriously?  I had told ----- the first time she groomed my dogs not to shave their tails and after she did not follow my instructions she tried to tell me that "that is how it is done."  When she returned, ---- supposedly blended the back of the tail because I told her I thought it looked terrible.  It still looked terrible afterward. Second, she closely cropped Shiro's hair way too far up the neck, clipping into the head area, which means that there is almost no longer hair in front to make the shape of the face look right.  Anyone who knows how Westies are supposed to be groomed should know that that is the wrong way to groom the head.  Third, she left "curtains" on the ears, shaved the nose, which I did not instruct her to do.  Fourth, I had to re-trim the area around Shiro's mouth myself because one side was noticeably longer than the other.  Groomers would do better to take notes regarding customer instructions, especially if they have problems remembering those instructions.  If Shiro wasn't such a beautiful dog, Irene's grooming job would have destroyed her look, but nothing can completely destroy the look of my dog.  Fifth, my little boy, Casper, was given the same kind of idiotic grooming job on his face and tail, but again, no groomer can destroy the way my dogs look because they have beautiful faces.  Sixth, the first time attempted to groom Casper, Irene left his tail like a flag. Westies are supposed to have carrot-shaped tails.  ----- is a very nice person, but that does not get the job done correctly.  I will not be going back.
