2	We had dinner at Goldie's merely because it was the only thing open in the strip mall.  It's a fairly standard sports bar, with tons of memorabilia on the walls.  It did strike me as odd that despite the fact there were several large TVs hanging around, none of them were on and showing a game.  The waitress even remarked that the place seemed dark because none of the TVs were on.  The second floor functions as sort of an adult play room with pool tables and darts and the like, which is nice because the waitress said there were usually a lot of kids there.When we walked in the smell of garlic bread hit my nose and it was lovely.  For an appetizer we ordered the chicken roll, which came with a great sweet jalapeno sauce.  The chicken in the roll, however, tasted as if it had been boiled.  I decided to go with the angel hair pasta and shrimp.  The pasta is homemade and had a little icon next to it designating it as healthy.  It arrived in a soup bowl of oil.  This is not healthy.  Its actually really gross.  (Just close your eyes and imagine a bowl of oil.  Ick.)  The pasta was very very overcooked, to the point where it just congealed together in a mass. Homemade pasta is great but you have to know that you can't cook it as long as regular pasta.   It was nice that they peeled the shrimp for you, I enjoyed that part.  My husband had the ribs and thought they were good.  I'm not sure we'll be back.  Perhaps for some drink specials during happy hour but the food didn't cut it.
4	I went to Goldie's today to grab a quick lunch with my friend. Goldie's is a place I've been coming to for years with friends and family alike, and is sort of my neighborhood sports bar. As usual I ordered the old time favorite "Monaco Foccacia" with the homemade chips. Goldie's provides an abundance of wonderful condiments, including the Sweet Jalapeno sauce that goes perfectly with the Monaco. I am also usually a fan of their ranch sauce which is never watered down, and was a winner once again today. All of this only cost me under $15 for a satisfying meal which is always delicious.While Goldie's does have an extensive menu, I would recommend sticking to the classics such as the Monaco Foccacia, Golden Wings, Bleu Cheese Chips, and Chicken Tenders. Great bar food, and a good place to watch a game with all of the televisions. Service can be slow at times which would be one of my only complaints, but today it was great.
1	Terrible food. Terrible management. Terrible time. I'd rather get food from AJ's next door, and cook that at home versus ever coming back here.
4	It's definitely my hood's "sports cafe" (family members of all ages are welcome).  I come here on a weekly basis -- mostly to sit at the bar and mainly to satisfy my cravings for their wings. Yep - I ain't afraid of no fried chickin'. As a matter of fact, I'm no stranger to all things fried. "Eat'em up YUM!"  Their bleu cheese chips, buffalo chicken foccacia and tenderloin sandwich are also good. I don't venture too far from my main staples. I did try their ribs and chicken combo once and it was pretty good but I'm not fond of their pizzas. Stick to the bar food and you'll be just dandy. If you're a smoker, there's the back patio area with picnic tables and a TV screen or step out doors if you're upstairs. You'll find families with kids and grandparents hanging out around meal time, which is comforting, but also of which is why I mainly sit at the bar (hehehe - no offense please). My all time reason for coming here for the weekly wings? It's like taking my lil scooter around the block and tahdah, I'm there!
4	Goldie's is a typical sports bar, great atmosphere, decent T.V. placement and good food. Their burgers are amazing! ( I personally have the 1000 Island Burger with Avocado/Bacon/Mushrooms), The burgers are big and juicy and filling. I  completely agree with Brian, the first few times that i went during peak hours the place was riddled with children, it reminded me of the Wal-Mart's that you find in south phoenix. Too many kids for a sports bar, but i just couldn't stay away from the burgers. I recommend going there for a late evening meal or  during off peak times to avoid getting kicked/punched in the head by the children.
4	One of the best sports bars in the valley. Ton's of screens (although some of the big screen projectors could be updated). Nice big drafts and the food is always tasty. Try the teriyaki chicken sandwich with fries it's awesome. Upstairs they have shuffleboard and pool tables. Golden tee 2009 downstairs with another pool table. If you like loud sports bars where the patrons get into the game this is the spot to go. Plenty of fun to be had. People say too many kids but I guess I go later on at night and never have seen a problem with little kids.?. The service is on and off here, sometimes it's been great sometimes it's been useless.
3	I've been here a couple of times but only because of proximity. This place is always packed but think its more due to the fact that there really isn't any competition in the area.  It's related to the Zipps chain so the menu is similar.  Wings and burgers are decent but the prices are a little high for a sports bar.Don't really like the setup or the screens as watching a game is a little awkward and can leave you with a neck sprain.  Despite a number of different screens the quality of the screens are surprisingly bad.  They need to send someone up on the roof to adjust the antenna or update the technology.This place always gets high marks from the local paper but I just don't see it.
5	Been going for 7 years now and have not found a comparable neighborhood sports bar.  Sure it may not have the best projector's and may have slow service sometimes but it has been the place to watch THE game for us since having moved out here.  Sure we lived close by for two years so I may be biased, but we have since moved to Fountain Hills and we still make the weekly trip down to get our fix.  Must haves:  Monaco Focaccia, Homemade chips (cooked "soft" pls, but NOT greasy) and a tall beverage of your choice.  Telluride Ranch salad for light grazers.  Dessert:  The one and only Cookie Skillet  Warning:  Zipps is nice and all but not the same and they don't do the homemade chips!  Downside:  Must get there early for a good seat, and sometimes they won't seat you until your whole party is present.  Also, they charge a buck for extra sides!  Seems petty, but it's annoying.  :(  Other than that the CAFE is where it is at!
5	We came here for lunch. The calzone was great and the fries are delicious. I would definitely recommend this place for a casual dining spot.
4	I had forgotten how much I loved this place. Used to hang out here for happy hour a lot in the day, but moved offices and almost forgot it existed.  But how could I? Great, cheap drink specials. Yummy eats. And there's nothing better than taking over the top floor with friends to play pool or shuffle-board. And service is top-notch; there's always a member of the staff waiting patiently behind the upstairs bar, just watching for anyone who needs a refill.Admittedly, I had to dock a star because the food isn't as high-quality as it used to be, but it still beats the typical bar food any day.
4	Misconception 1: if my great grandmother were still alive and liked to throw back 32oz draughts, this would be her hangout. Misconception 2: a margarita the size of an iPhone won't do anything to me, even if the "limit 3" is some sort of warning. Holy crap! Yes, based upon original scanning of the bar demographics I thought I stumbled upon Shady Pines happy hour, but eventually the crowd evened out and hey - those seniors were slamming the drinks. Me, on the other hand, was struggling with the Goldie-ritas. I deemed them small, but mighty. Not even the buffalo chicken foccacia could soak up enough alcohol to keep me from feeling tipsy. As I headed to my next event I pondered "how can I hang with the Golden Girls and be FUBARd by 5:30"?!
5	Consistently good food...best wings...buffalo chips and then the oven fired Pizzas...always welcome and friendly service....just want to go back and back for more....
1	Let me give you some bullets of tonight's visit:*We asked for lemons twice in our water, but ultimately had to get them ourselves from the bar.*We waited 1 hour for our food. The waitress told us that the kitchen got slammed, but a large table that came in after us got served before us. Clearly, she forgot to input our order and then lied.*I ordered a burger medium-well, and it came out pretty much raw. When we showed it to the manager, his jaw nearly hit the floor. He could not believe that it was that pink in the middle.*We were never offered drink refills*Our table was never checked once we had foodSorry, Goldies, but you have failed. I would say that if you are going here, just stick to beer.
4	Hands down one of the largest and coolest sports bars in town. The waitress said this is the "mothership" of the local Zipp's empire. There are a few differences - mainly the much larger menu and that they offer homemade potato chips with bbq dip that is out of this world. Don't miss the pool tables upstairs or the arcade in back. Happy hour is an event from what I hear.
1	Goldies has always been a staple for sand volleyball players from Scottsdale Ranch Park to go to after games.  I am not sure what has happened but for the last few month, the service and attitudes of the servers and managers has been flat out awful.  After rude and incompetent service in back to back nights, I think we are heading to Versus Sports Grill from here on out
1	I guess there no real polite way around this review:I will never go to Goldie's again.The night started off normal. My mother, sister, and I sat at a table and within five minutes or drink and appetizer orders were taken. The drinks were brought first and our dinner order was taken.The server argued with me over what I ordered because the menu didn't really appeal to me. Nothing seemed appetizing. I didn't really mind her giving me guff because that's what servers do in a sports bar: bust the chops of the dudes. Honestly, I was fine with it.After that: crickets. We didn't see our server for 45 minutes. We didn't even get our food. I got up to find a manager. After talking to him, apparently a party of 40 showed up, and it required the attention of every server in the house. There was zero communication from any server to their tables as we weren't the only ones who were left without a server.She finally showed up to our table. Didn't apologize. Didn't acknowledge the party. I mentioned the wait, and she immediately copped an attitude about how the 40 people showed up. I was stunned and didn't retort.The manager came back to our table, and I told him about the attitude and how she never communicated the party to us. I told him that she kept telling us that she's been working there for two years. I figure if you're working at an establishment or in the same line of work for more than a year, you should have some basic communication skills down.After the bill came, nothing was comped. Again, restaurant 101: comp at least a round of drinks or an appetizer to try and subdue the already irate customer. He did give us $10 in "GoldieBucks," but it was already too late for me. I'll never go back to that place. To make up for it, I didn't leave a tip.My sister lives in the apartments right behind there so I'm sure she'll be back, but she said she learned that you need to sit at the bar if you want any service..Food: 1/5 Service: 0/5
4	This is a fun place for a drink and bite to eat! The food is great and the beer is cheap!
5	One of the best neighborhood sports bars I have ever been to...great food and wonderful happy hour prices......plenty of TV's and a family environment .....friendly service too....
4	Goldie's is A-Ok! If you like sports, beer, tasty bar but unhealthy bar food, you must pay a visit to this location. The ownership and menu is the same of Zipp's, so if you frequent those locations then you know what you are getting here.I recommend grabbing one of the Foccacia's. They are all amazing and come with an amazing dipping sauce. Also, the BBQ Chicken Chopped Salad is fantastic. Get it with some jalapenos on the side, and you will have one hell of a meal.For a side, grab the sweet potato chips. Holy shiznit, these are amazing. There are TONS of TV's here, so you are all set for Football season.I was here for a work event once, and the service was a bit spotty. Beware when it gets busy.Otherwise, if you happen to be up in this random stretch of Scottsdale, Goldie's is worth the visit. If you live near a Zipps....go there instead. It's not worth driving here.
4	I have only been here a couple of times but I am definitely a fan.  We came up here to meet a friend that was in from out of town.  I love the honey wings and they had some great beers on tap.  We would come up more often if we lived closer.  If you are in the area, I highly recommend stopping in and grabbing some wings.
1	Ok here is the run down with Goldie's. I've been to this place a bunch of times, as I used to live right next door.First with the good. The wings are probably the best wings I've ever had, and easily the best around. They have good happy hour and reverse happy hour. The place is filled with TV's for games, and shuffle board on the second level. Now the devastatingly bad. The management here is absolutely horrible. They must take lessons on how not to please the customer, because it's ridiculous. And it's not just a onetime experience, it's every time. They are basically ruthless towards customers. They have all these customer rules that they follow by the T. For instance, if you would like a bit extra dressing for your salad, they charge you. If you accidentally got ranch with your wings, and really wanted blue-cheese, they charge you. If you have a simple request, they deny you. It's 100% by the books here, and if you don't meet their criteria, then good luck. Some waitresses are friendly enough to help you out and swap things, such as ranch for the wings, but they don't last. If you've been there a few times you have probably noticed, that they ALWAYS have new waitresses and waiters, spare a few of their drones. You know why? Because they constantly fire employees that help customers out and disregard their little rule book. This bar actually has a drinking limit in effect, and trust me, they enforce it to the max. I think it's something along the lines of no more than three margaritas per person for the entire visit, and no more than two 32oz beers in an hour. They also won't serve a pitcher to a single drinker. All the food besides the wings is crap. At least the Burgers at Zipp's are good, but they're junk here. (Goldie's is owned by Zipp's)I'd just like to reiterate how bad the service and management is here. If you are in the area and you want some wings and a few drinks, then give Goldie's a shot. However, other than that, stay clear.
4	What a great sports bar. Lots of TVs, great atmosphere, and great food. Try the telluride burger, wings, or foccocia. For dessert the cookie platter is the best.
5	Chicken foccaccia is amazing. Best sports bar food anywhere. Never miss when I am in AZ.
1	Been going here for 23 years... Never clean... Last night was the worst filth I've ever experienced and may never return. If the bathrooms and eating area is that bad... What's going on in the kitchen?
4	Best Foccacias!  I'm craving a Sicillian or Monaco Foccacia right know with their sweet jalapeno sauce...2 bad I'm on a 5 day no carb diet!
4	Goldie's has been a part of my life since as far back as I can remember! It is a central Scottsdale institution that is great for families, teams, teenagers, college students, and even the most sophisticated food lover. They have other locations under the name "Zipps," but nothing compares to the friendly, local atmosphere at Goldie's. Their golden wings will make you forget anything you ever learned about manners. They're sweet, spicy, and unlike any honey-hot wings you'll ever try. The chicken focaccias (pronounced "fa-cosh-yas," as stated on the menu) are without question their most popular and delicious menu item. It is impossible to describe them- trust me, I've tried! Just try one for yourself, okay?!The only reason I give Goldie's a 4/5 stars is the inconsistent service. My server last night was awesome- as is most of the current staff- but I've had some sub-par experiences in the past. The food more than makes up for it, though. It is absolutely worth a visit if you're in the neighborhood!
5	Love Goldie's we always have a wonderful time and great service. They have great weekday deals and their Goldieritas can't be beat! Wouldn't go anywhere else to get my sports fix and great food.
3	I'm adding this "average" review to the bevy of average reviews on this establishment. Basically it boils down to this:  if we are really hungry and in the area, we stop in. It's satisfactory, but nothing more, and sometimes less than that.When my father was in town visiting, we happened to be in the neighborhood around dinner time so we stopped in. He had some sort of thing that looked like a wrap but was called a "foccaccia" that he said was "decent," and it had chicken and veggies in it. Not very exciting I guess. My husband had the ribs; he says that they were less than "ok," cooked to death with sauce slapped on them at the end.I had a bleu cheese burger that was pretty good; it was thick and juicy and I liked the homemade chips that came along with it.We had a cute waitress that was pretty attentive, refilling our drinks in a timely fashion and checking in on us in a friendly manner on and off throughout our visit. The rating of 3 stars, "A-Ok" fits this place perfectly.
3	This place is huge and has a really good set up. Bar and tables downstairs. More tables, a small bar, pool, and shuffleboard upstairs. Decent service.Their food however is awful. Their chicken fingers look like cheap fish and chips the way theyre battered, the turkey they use for their sandwiches is SUPER dry, and their pizza looks and tastes like a Tony's frozen pizza rip off. Just to give you some examples.I totally recommend this place for drinking while watching whatever game fits your fancy, just decline the menu.
3	So, Goldie's is the "sister bar" to Zipps.  Personally, I prefer Zipps over Goldie's, but it is nice to go somewhere a little different sometimes.  We usually head straight upstairs where they have 2 pool tables, Big Buck Hunter, Golden Tee and a dart board.  We went here last night for our Buddy's birthday celebration.  He and his wife live right down the road, so it's super convenient for them.  The big difference to me between Goldie's and Zipps is the quality of food and sometimes the service.  We had an order of wings and they were still pink inside and I ordered a Monaco Foccacia, which was really dry.  However, the Goldie-rita was really good.  It was strawberry.  Super delicious.  Another issue is that there is only one server upstairs and there must have been at least 75 people at one time up there.  It's not really her fault for that, but at the same time, she wasn't that nice or personable to us when we got there.  After everything died down and there were just about 20 or so people, she was showing the guys how to do push-ups (the guys were betting eachother earlier on how many pushups each of them could do).  That was kinda cool.
3	The Good:  -It is better than Zipps (owner of the chain- Goldie's is the original)-The wings! -And the golden sauce-The atmospere- very sporty, sports bar-The patrons (usually very nice in that Cheers kind of way)-Pool tables and shuffle board (upstairs)-Upstairs (great view of the bigTVs on the wall)The Bad: -9 times out of 10 the service is awful if you sit upstairs (and I prefer the set-up for watching games upstairs)-Quite a few people bring their kids to this bar and I think it is even encouraged due to the arcade games in the back room (not a fan of bars with kids personally)-I have ordered a variety of sandwiches quite a few times, sometimes very good, other times VERY dry and NOT good-And I don't recall them having the greatest beer selection eitherIf you are in this neighborhood it is worth checking out if you want to catch a game.
5	For a sports bar, Goldies by far has the best food in town!  The faccocia sandwiches are to die for.  I've tried them all and love them!  I had read the reviews prior to going and mentioned to the server about some of the negative items such as not enough dips, etc.  She was so friendly and our sandwiches were covered in sauce and she brought us different flavored dipping sauces to try.  The prices for what you get, especially in Scottsdale are great!  There are TV's in every direction and they even changed the channel for the tv nearest us.  I would recommend this place and would like to eat there at least once a week!!  There are a lot of children or families, but they are only allowed in certain areas.
4	I really enjoy Goldies (and Zipps) for their cheap beers, low-key atmospheres, and decent food.  We always go upstairs as we don't have to wait for a table and that's where the pool tables, shuffleboard, darts and buck-hunter are.  I go there a lot with a group of friends that just enjoys hanging out without feeling like we have to get crazy...although sometimes we do anyway.  One word of caution:  The last two times I've been there my wings (medium buffalo) have come out with pink in the middle.  Both times the server immediately took them back and brought me a new plate of wings on-the-house.  The second plate was always cooked all the way through.
4	Love Goldie's!  The food is yummy, great wings, and the home made chips are awesome.  It's kind of loud in there, so don't bring grandma, but other than that Goldie's is great.
2	I like Goldies and we take out often because the food is usually good but, honestly, they cannot get orders correct. Every single take out order is wrong. either they forget something or they undercook something, like wings that are called in to be well done. And when they make a mistake, they do not take responsibilty for it. They charge for everything including ranch dressing which I feel is insulting. Again the food is good but, under these circumstances, we will go elsewhere.
2	Sorry, can't find anything good to say except cheap beer at happy hour. Went during happy hour so wings were cheap. Service was slow at the bar. My troupe and I tried a few different things. Nothing redeeming, Pizza was just plain bad. Wings were just not cooked well and the sauce was sub par Burger, eh.. I won't go back, unless I adopt fifteen children and want a place where they can go play while I get tanked and count my money. Cuz they have lots of TVs and some games for kids. Not my thing. I like Zipps better, sorry....
5	Great $2.75 gin tonic happy hour.   If you like to get crunked this is  the place to go.   The bomb Golden chicken wings $5.   plus a great game room upstairs and huge big screen TVs to watch your fav team.
2	Two months ago I would have put a full 5 Stars; however, there has been a big 'menu change' which I am not a fan of in the last few weeks. I loved Goldie's for their affordable focaccias, wings & beers. Unfortunately, they recently changed their menu which just meant they raised their prices on everything by $1.50-$2.00.That might not seem like much, but it is a 25% increase for many of the dishes. I understand that margins get thin & restaurants are forced to raise prices over time. But just looking at the menu now from what it was two months ago, it's not worth it to me anymore. Increasing the prices by that much & not adding any value to the meal is just disappointing.Example: Currently: 10 Wings for $9Two months ago: 10 Wings for $7
4	Good sports bar.  We visit to see a game on a big screen. Food is decent: pizza, sandwiches, salads. Wine is good but grossly overpriced. Service is almost always good.
4	Hmm, let's see.....a bar with walls full of large TV's, Beer, and good food....yes, I'll take it!  Goldie's is a fun neighborhood bar where you can enjoy watching a game with your friends or family.  During football season, this place can get packed....especially after work on Monday or Thursday nights.Some food items we've had:Babyback Ribs w/Fries, $18http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/goldies-neighborhood-sports-cafe-scottsdale-2?select=6opOwrvzJcD3Y5VzJTsFlQ#6opOwrvzJcD3Y5VzJTsFlQCheesy Burger, $10http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/goldies-neighborhood-sports-cafe-scottsdale-2?select=eDXT1T0S6WQ_zWuz2lyFow#eDXT1T0S6WQ_zWuz2lyFowThe Thousand Island Burger, $10http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/goldies-neighborhood-sports-cafe-scottsdale-2?select=6yjGoXYrVnUC6AoccLaDOg#6yjGoXYrVnUC6AoccLaDOgThe Chocolate Chip Cookie Skillet, $7http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/goldies-neighborhood-sports-cafe-scottsdale-2?select=adi-v0MKrJstbTu25c47TQ#adi-v0MKrJstbTu25c47TQTheir Burgers are huge and delish.  My all time favorite is the Thousand Island Burger.  The Beef is fresh and full of flavor.Overall, this place is a lot of fun.  It's one of our regular hang outs.Return Factor - 90%
3	Nothing special nice local neighborhood bar
4	I love Goldies! Its like the "Cheers" of Scottsdale, but everybody doesn't know my name there yet.  Gotta try the Goldaritas. Great place for happy hour, and to watch a game. Can get crowded, hard to find a seat at the bar. Tip- pretty decent buffalo wings
3	I've come here a few times with friends and have always had a nice time!The food is good and the beer is cold!  They have enough HDTVs that you could even catch a game on Mars.  They have all your favorites: Pizza, Chili, Buffalo Wings, Loaded Nachos, Spicy Chicken Quesadilla, Pasta, BBQ Baby Back ribs, all in the $8-9.00 range. My favorite is the Loaded Nachos which are delicious!  They also have hot and cold sandwiches, salads, burgers and a bunch of the usual sides.Goldie's is just a great neighborhood sports bar, without all the distractions and so-so food found at a Tilted Kilt or Twin Peaks.  It's a place where you can bring the family and not feel embarrassed by the servers or your fellow customers.  It's Three Stars "A-OK", bordering on Four Stars.  As fellow Yelper Nydia A said: " Its like the "Cheers" of Scottsdale".  I would agree!Enjoy!
3	It was the night of my best friend's birthday and her boyfriend had rented out the top room of Goldie's to get everyone together to celebrate.  When I got upstairs I was really impressed with the room!  It was HUGE!!  Lots of tables and chairs, there were pool tables, shuffleboard, arcade games, not to mention bathrooms and a bar just for the room as well.Once my initial awe of the place wore off I realized that I was hungry so I started perusing the menu.  I decided that the Pepper Jack Focaccia looked yummy so once the waitress came around I put in my order.  Due to how delicious the description made it sound my level of hunger escalated quickly.  Unfortunately the speed of delivery of said meal was not what I had hoped for.  I realize that our waitress had a large group of people to serve but I also showed up a couple hours after everyone else so there may have been one or two other orders in, if that.  It's not like everyone was ordering something at the same time.Once my food did arrive I was happy with it.  The focaccia dough was soft and not so thick that I felt like I was just eating bread.  The ingredients inside were good and had a decent flavor but there wasn't really anything that gave it that extra POW to excite me and make me crave it the next day.  Even the side of sweet jalapeno dressing that came with it was pretty average.  I know it starts with the word "sweet" but jalapeno is the second word and there was no heat!  I want to come back another time and just get a regular table, order something else, and get a true experience of the place but for now I just had an average experience here.
4	Only popped in for a few beers on a Sunday afternoon. Caught in-between the two Happy Hours, ended up with two $4.50 Blue Moons. Bartender was Leslie and she was very nice and upon wandering around the place was pretty impressed with the size and other nooks and crannies like the small upstairs patio and sneaky small first floor patio. Upstairs also had pool and lots of seating and no kiddies allowed up there. Had a bar seat and was watching some of the action in the kitchen during my hour visit. Food and menu appears similiar to another bar, so this must be part  of a chain. I remember the "Foccaccia" here is really a wrap made with pizza dough and has nothing to do with the real bread. French fries are said to be fresh cut, but there were fryers full of fries ready to dipped upon ordering - so not sure about that claim. Very big bar and a great place to watch sports as well.
4	Goldie's is a fantastic sports bar with delicious food & friendly wait staff. The crispy Golden Medium Wings & Hot Sicilian Focaccia are both absolutely phenomenal. This place is a must-try.The only reason it's not a 5 star review is they recently raised their prices by a larger margin than most restaurants ($1.50~ for most items on the menu). It's understandable with raising food prices, but it makes it a tough choice to go as often as before. Make sure you at least try this place once though, it's great!
2	Drinks are decent if ordered at the bar, otherwise prepare to have bad mix drinks at the tables. Food is "so-so". I wish they would come up with more new menu items. I mean seriously, I've been going here for over ten years and not much has changed. I'm sure your wondering then why do I keep going back??? WELL, first of all if you have kids and want a family friendly place this is a good spot. They have an arcade game room in the back which keeps the kids busy while mom and dad can talk and relax a bit. NOW, they could also improve there happy hour menu desperately! No good deals and the HH food is, well I'm sure you can guess what I think. For that I give it 4 stars but because the menu is outdated and is just "so-so" in general and the drinks are hit or miss (boo!) I give it a 2  stars :( Sorry Goldie's but you have to update the menu and poor some better drinks! And it would t hurt to do some remodel if the place too. I mean seriously, you make a ton of money and it never looks like it goes into the business to update the place in any way. Looking old and rundown. And last but not least, please tell your bar tenders that if they break a beer glass over the ice chest please let them know that they can NOT continue to serve ice in people's drink for obvious reasons. It needs to be completely emptied and made sure there is no traces of glass shards left in it! I witnessed this and I was appalled!
5	I've had a love/hate with Goldies over the years. . . there have had a few issues that kept us away- for years at a time LOL- but I'm happy to say we're back in LOVE with Goldies and consider it our 'go to' spot for cold draft beer, good nightly specials and consistently friendly service!! Management is attentive, servers are AWESOME and we're happy to see that they're investing back into the restaurant, making improvements to keep it looking good.  Rumor has it they're even upgrading their TVs!! We're lucky to have an iconic place like this in our 'hood.
4	One thing I inherited from my mom is a love for bar food done well. Not frozen and fried Cisco stuff but actual food in a fun, sports-centered atmosphere. Throw in good service and a place like Goldie's is a heck of a winner.We had just spent the morning and early afternoon discovering the natural bridge in Payson (natural hiker, I am not) and had worked up an appetite in a reaching-hangry-levels way. Boyfriend wanted a burger and we both wanted some place we could go in our workout gear. On a whim, we decided upon Goldie's. I'd been there once with old coworkers and remembered being impressed by my tasty veggie quesadilla. It's pretty close to home, so we were off.We decided on guac and salsa to start with. Respectable offerings from a non-Mexican place. The guac home homemade and chunky, and was tasty enough, although some spice and lime juice would have helped. The salsa was refreshing and cilantro-y.Boyfriend ordered his burger medium, and it actually came out slightly pink in the middle and still juicy--win! He said it was an amazing burger. His fries were definitely homemade. Skin-on potatoes seasoned and piled on. I, of course, stole many. I had to return to the quesadilla...it's random that it's so good here! The tortilla is flaky and almost buttery, the combination of unique filling (roasted peppers, onions, mushrooms, artichoke hearts) and not too gloppy cheese is fantastic. You also get personal ramekins of guac and salsa. Perfect!The atmosphere is fun, with tons of TVs showing every possible game. Apparently there are arcade games in the back and the huge upstairs portion is adult-only. We are definitely adding this to our casual eatery list!
5	Excellent place to get a bite, drink or watch the game. Friendly folks. Tons of TVs, very relaxing.
5	My girlfriend lives just a few blocks away from this place.  We eat here maybe 3-5 times a month.  Always great service and the food is a top notch.  If you've been to Zipps, well it's the same thing because Goldie's was the first!  You won't be disappointed.
5	Love this place!! the golden wings are the best wings on earth!!! no joke!!
5	Yummy buffalo Bleu cheese chips. And the pizza cookie is yummilicious!!! 2 floors of fun atomosphere!!
4	I've been going to Goldie's for about 7-8 years now.You won't really find a better sports bar in the Scottsdale area. For a sports bar, they make some quality food.  All is handmade and you can really tell.  They also have the best wings in the valley.It's a great place to watch a game....but if you go on Sunday to watch a NFL game, get there early cause the place gets packed!The service is fantastic as well
5	I have been going to Goldie's for the last 10 years since little league baseball. They are a big supporter of the community. You have to try the Monaco focaccia, the blue cheese chips, the buffalo wings, and the burgers! Oh and of course the cookie skillet!
3	Great great customer service. Attentive waitresses, busboys and management. Incredible margaritas. Food is positively terrible and mixed drinks taste like watery booze. If you're going for happy hour margs then go for it. Avoid dinner and anything besides margaritas.
3	I am excited aobut the larger menu choices now.  I asked two employees when that happened and neither of them knew.  I am guessing very recent. My burger was very good.  Next time I will order it medium rare.  It was too well done for my taste.  I asked for hot fries and I got them.  My daughter was disappointed with the pretzels and beer cheese.  We told the waitperson that there was something wrong with the cheese.  Beer cheese is usually orange and very creamy.  It cost $7 too.  It was pretzel bites.  The cheese was whitish and watery and tasted like salad dressing.  Looked like ranch to me, without the garlic.  My daughter said it was awful.  When I tasted it, I knew something was wrong with it.  It was REALLY bad...tasteless and watery...no taste of cheese or beer whatsoever.  The waitress did not appear to believe me or offer to replace it...that was surprising.  She should have insisted on bringing another bowl or comping it.  I felt bad because my daughter ordered appetizers instead of a meal.  Happy to see appetizers and other sandwiches now on the menu.  Always associated Goldies with burgers, wings, and pizzas.  I will come back and try a sandwich.
5	Goldie's has very good food. Can't say I ever had a bad meal. However, if you are looking for a beer and munchies, hands down they have the best nachos and wings. Great prices on beers during HH. Margaritas, wines are just okay.
4	Great service and the Toasted Blue Cheese Chips are a great appetizer. Lots of salads, pastas and burgers to choose from. We will definitely return.
5	The focaccias are great and Kendra is great. Our go place for after kid's games or to watch U of A.
5	Apparently the same people who own Zipps, own Goldie's as well. I went here with a date and we had burgers and beer (how can you go wrong?!) I liked the layout and was impressed it had 3 huge screens on one side and an upstairs with shuffle board and pool tables.  The food was good and portions were huge.
5	Always good.  Staff is great.  Very fast when you are just having a quick lunch.  Staff goes out of there way to make sure you are comfortable.   Great for business meetings to overly loud for a bar
4	Arrived at prime lunch time 11:54. First time here, not very busy. But it's Wednesday, and it looks more like a night life place anyway. Walked in and it's seat yourself, so I found a spot to sit down at and snap a couple pictures of the menu... I got awesome fast service right away. I have been to a couple zipps sports bars and i like burgers, so that's what I got here. Looks like its a sister to zipps or the same owners. They have 2 levels to the place, and it's very nice. Lots of games to play upstairs like darts, pool, shuffle board. Tv's everywhere. Place is a little loud though. Music blasting. Lots of room, and lots of seating. Looks like the from the reviews that you shouldn't come at night time, to busy and slammed that the food and service begins to turn to crap. Go at lunch! its really accommodating and way better. Food came out 10-15 minutes and hot. Burger was a little dry and lacked seasoning, but after I poured blue cheese and BBQ sauce all over it, it was good. Chips are excellent. I will come back for lunch, very chill place at lunch time. Friendly fast service.
5	For bar food, this place has some of the best in town.  You cannnnot beat their fajitas!  Fabulous!  (We always get some buffalo sauce on the side for extra kick!).  Their wings are also awesome!  Great food, friendly atmosphere...we've been coming for 9 years and counting...
5	All food on the menu is great! Monaco Focaccia and Black & Blue Burger are yummy! Definitely the place to go to hang out with friends and watch sports. I highly recommend this restaurant :)
5	Golden wings are amazing! Also try the black n blue burger. The Asian salad was a good healthier option. Really you can't go wrong and proportions are really big, enough for the next day's lunch. Lots of TVs, excellent for sports games!
4	Recently started dropping in at Goldie's once or twice a week. It's Cheers, but in Scottsdale, which is great. They have drink specials every night and the bartenders there are always extra attentive -- I really like Ellie, she's fantastic. Haven't eaten much there yet, but all the food I've had so far has been great. The root beer float is delish, I'm looking forward to trying their shrimp -- you get half a pound for $9.If you live in Scottsdale, but don't want a cozy place that isn't overly formal or extra pricey, this is it!
1	Eh ... I'm struggling to find something I liked about this place and the only reason I'm not ripping it to shreds is bc I love their sister restaurant, Zipps. I'm trying to give them a chance. I frequented Goldies on a Thurs during lunch and had terrible service. Our server was very nice but was clearly lying out her teeth every time she spoke. That was evident from the get-go. It was embarrassing. She didnt like the way my lemon looked in my water, and while I appreciate that and I appreciate her getting me a new one, I do not appreciate her doing it while at the table with her bare hands. She did tell me that she had just washed her hands, which she hadn't. I saw her in the bus station and I saw her roaming around the restaurant while waiting for our drinks. Ugh.They don't have any lunch specials. Who doesnt have lunch specials? Food was SUPER late. It took more than 30 min to get our lunch and we had to ask about it. We were told by the server that they had to make sure our order was correct & that took some time. Really? We ordered a standard burger but wanted beef rather than turkey. Not too complicated. And if that is, you shouldnt be in business. Manager never visited until after we got our food. He did offer up some coupons for next time to my friend. My order really wasn't that good but I dared not say anything bc I didnt have time to wait for a replacement. I would be dead by the time the new entree got to my table. Very disappointed. I know I won't be back ... I'll stick with Zipp's.
1	Dirty Smelly Nasty! I've been served moldy bread here twice when I ordered a Chicken focaccia, I informed our server and she didn't ask if I wanted something else or anything. The wings are good however so if you do end having to eat here, order the wings and nothing else. The place is old and has not been kept up. I can tell the owners don't give a hoot.  The last time I had to go there because it's the only place in my neighborhood that's open late and my friend was starving, I had the wings and they were good. Now to the beer, we each ordered a beer, I have been drinking beer for a very long time. After one sip I said to my friend, she happens to be a bartender, this does not taste good. I can tell the tap lines have not been cleaned in a very very long time. Sure enough we both woke up with a soar throat the next day from the bacteria in the dirty tap lines. Order bottled beer only if you go here!  My recommendation is to find a place that is clean where the owners treat the employees like they matter so they might actually care.
4	Great spot to just hang with the crew. Not the normal uppity Scottsdale bar. Games are upstairs and lots of room. Food was okay. I got the nachos and the chips were very stale but my friend got the burger and it looked really good. Good atmosphere. It's or after work hangout, if we can get everyone together more often.  :)
5	Been coming here for years hands down beats their sister place zipps by a mile. Good food and good drink. Recommend them highly!
4	Great atmosphere and good food!Happy hour prices can't be beat. The focaccias are a must try item and will keep me coming back. The service was excellent.
4	Best Wings in Scottsdale. Big Wings served any way you like em. I prefer hot and I like the hot sauce cooked in not poured on top like Buffalo Wild Wings. Beer is served ice cold and the wait staff is super friendly. Kid friendly family atmosphere. Lotsa TV to watch games. Missed getting 5 stars because they play so many different games at once it's nearly impossible to hear the one you want.
4	Spent the entire day there for Sunday Funday football games. There was good and bad. First the service we had was exceptional. Our server was attentive, gave refills, kept up with our many orders, and kept all the checks separate for about 5 different sets of people. We stayed so long because of her service. There were some hits and misses as for the food. Beer cheese pretzel appetizer was terrific and we ended up having 4 or 5 of them between our large group. The soup was alright-nothing special and the grilled cheese was a triple decker (way too big with the mozzarella and cheddar on the sandwich. Fries were good.  Great beer choices and the television screens were perfect for watching with a large group. The bathroom floor (upstairs) was so sticky that it was gross.  We all had a great time, and the server really made a difference. She wasn't flirty at all-she just paid close attention to us all.  Based on the service, I would return and our group said the same
4	Hadn't been here for awhile. Decided to watch a game on big screen. Didn't enjoy the game but screen available wherever we looked. Nachos were good. Cheap wine good. Server attentive.
5	Really nice sports bar. Went there when I was in Scottsdale to watch my Texans play. The food overall was outstanding! The wings were delicious, the pizza was wonderful, and the brownie skillet was rich and flavoring! And the overall atmosphere of the place was so great, it makes me want to make a sports bar like that! Love it!!!
5	Here from Oregon looking for a place to watch Peyton Manning surpass Brett in throwing TDs and decided on Goldie's. The service was amazing. Ashley was the best, but I noticed great team work from everyone. The food surpassed the average bar food. The wings were fabulous. The drinks were in 12 oz glasses and delicious. Definitely recommend.
4	I love Goldie's!  The Monaco focaccia and cheesy green chili chicken egg rolls are my favorite!  The chicken is cooked well, never dry or gristly. (I am super picky about chicken and get grossed out easily).  My husband talks about the golden medium wings constantly and we live in San Diego.  These are his ALL-TIME favorite wings.  I wish we lived closer!  We look forward to coming here every time we are in Scottsdale. The only reason I gave four stars is because the service can be pretty slow. But the wait staff is friendly and the food is worth the slower service.
