5	After doing a bit of research, I decided to hire Katie to take newborn pictures of our little girl. Reluctantly, I also booked a "mini-maternity" session with her. The pictures from our maternity session were absolutely stunning. Even though I was feeling pretty gross, I really liked the way I looked in the photos and was glad to have the pictures to remember the special time. When the time came to have the baby, Katie was easy to get in contact with and flexible with scheduling. One of the best things was that she came to our house which was super nice with a one-week-old baby. The photos from the newborn shoot are the most amazing photos I have ever seen. We have gotten so many compliments on the pictures; people have even asked us if the photos were real because they were so cute. Katie was so amazing working with and posing our baby. Some of the positions she was able to get our baby in were truly unbelievable. Even though I am usually camera shy, she made me feel very comfortable as well. Most importantly, the pictures came out beautifully.For both shoots, our photos were ready in two weeks, and we had the rights to them...which is a huge deal. I plan on hiring Katie to take all of our family pictures in the future. She really is very talented.
5	if I could give Katie 100 Stars I would! her work is simply fabulous. If I didn't live in another state then I would have to start another savings account simply for more pictures by her!Highly recommended! Go see her!
5	Katie took our family photos, and we couldn't be happier with the shots she captured! She knows the limits of working with small children, and makes everyone comfortable. She is patient, but works efficiently. We never felt overly posed, as her ideas are creative and contemporary. She certainly has a gift for capturing beauty in ordinary things. We highly recommend her!
5	Katie is amazing! Flexible and patient! I've done family photos, boudoir, engagement, elopement party pictures and soon to be bridal photos with her...I'm hooked!
