3	The ingredients are good quality, and there's a decent selection, so if you manage to mess your meal up, you have no one but yourself to blame.  The soup is rather ordinary, but the "sesame flatbread" is nice.  There isn't much to say about a "Mongolian BBQ" place that doesn't have an extensive menu beyond the grill.
4	This is really tasty! Very fresh ingredients and everything is very clean. I wish they would put the sauce on for you since it's hard to tell how much to use or how many flavors to combine. But still delicous and healthy. Sesame bread is yummy! Overall, a great deal for the price. I will probably be coming here for lunch at least once a month.
4	First I ever had Mongolian BBQ. The staff is welcoming and very helpful for first timers. The sauce, veggies and meats are freshly made and slice in house. It's also served with a chicken broth soup and homemade sesame flat bread. The bowl combinations are endless!one of FEW places I'll miss about Las Vegas.
2	I stopped here on the way to school, wanting something different. I was confused from the gate as to the way it operated but caught on quick. The food was decent, the only thing that docked it was the guy hassling me for tips when he was just the cashier, not even the cook. I gave him a dollar but I was kinda weirded out by the approach. The food is good tho, I will probably stop in again when next semester starts.
3	I agree that this place is A-OK.  It is across from UNLV and the name leads itself to "Chinese" but there is a big sign that says "MONGOLIAN BBQ" - a bowl is $8.99 if you get meat, cheaper for veg, $3 more for shrimp eaters.The veggies were fresh and there was a good selection - bok choy, spinach, tofu, green onions, white onions, carrots, pineapple, bean sprouts, peanuts, baby corn, mushrooms, orange noodles, cabbage, etc....Interesting mix of sauces to create your own - soy sauce was behind the counter in the hands of the grill master so he added it.  For those who order meat, you can choose chicken, beef or pork or all three.  I got beef.  There was enough food for 3 meals so this was a really good deal.  No complaints!  I would go back.  The service was friendly.
5	Delicious & affordable...Customer service is A++I walked into this restaurant a little confused at first but understood the concept right away. I am vegetarian so the veggie bowl is 7$. I filled up my bowl with countless vegetables, tofu, they even have a "meat substitute" if you ask and it is AWESOME! I loaded up with my veggies, sauces, rice & noodles and it was fired up on the mongolian grill!The food was DELICIOUS, the service was very friendly,and  the new owners approached me to make sure I was having a pleasant experience, which was very nice. As an appetizer I had the cream cheese wonton's which were pretty good!Its right across from UNLV so, I go almost twice a week after class for yummy, quick, and affordable meal!
5	Wow, this place is awesome. I didn't know what to expect when I parked my bike up to the entrance but as soon as I got in there I knew it was the place to be. It's buffet meets fast food meets restaurant service, and that combination with the customer service is terrific. Totally affordable, quick, and easy.Went inside and it has really good use of space, and has a modern feel to it and plenty of areas to sit. I obviously looked slightly lost as I went up to the counter area, but the cook greeted me and asked me if it was my first time there, which it was. He showed me around and told me I could make pretty much anything I wanted. I paid first ($6.99 for a vegetarian bowl), got handed a bowl, and went to town. You go down the buffet and you have a ton of veggies and toppings to choose from. From what I could tell, my meal was completely vegan (until I put honey on the AMAZING sesame flatbread, YUM!) and all the ingredients were super fresh. I picked out some tofu, bean sprouts, zucchini, onion, snow peas, green pepper, and mushrooms. I added some garlic sauce on top, and handed it off to the cook who added some noodles and other sauces (he asked me first if I wanted it spicy, and I declined) and then added it to the big wok behind the counter. Eventually this small bowl I was handed turned into this giant plate that was also served with a side of white rice. He handed the plate to me, and told me to sit anywhere I like. After grabbing some chopsticks (don't do it, just eat with a fork - trust me) and some napkins, almost immediately after sitting down I was served the aforementioned sesame flatbread with honey, and a glass of ice water. Freakin' nice. And the food? DELICIOUS. The past few weeks I haven't had much of an appetite, but I ate the whole damn plate. And the bread. And downed the water. It was very tasty and left me really satisfied with the different flavorings of everything. This place gets 5 stars for service, convenience, price, cleanliness, and it's only a 5 minute bike ride from my apartment. Epic win! I will definitely be coming back with some friends and some cash to tip the next time because the service really is excellent. Just be really careful, you may be so full that you can't Wok-On-Out!P.S. As I sat down they played Lady Gaga. As I left they played Katy Perry. This makes Adina a very happy panda and will keep me coming back. Good food + good music = yay!
1	I was excited to try this place.  We drove all the way from Henderson just to find out it has been closed down!
3	I went here the other day with my co-workers. Much to our surprise, it's no longer a Mongolian restaurant. It's a Chinese restaurant and we were told it would soon serve Italian and Mexican food as well.I asked for the lemon chicken and was told that was the only thing on the menu they didn't have. So I went with the sesame chicken. It was pretty good. It was lightly breaded and slightly sweet. However, I did taste sesame. Nor did it have sesame seeds though my co-worker's general chicken had sesame seeds.The lunch special is $10.99 which is a little pricey. On the upside the owner offered us all a complimentary dessert. They had a pretty nice selection of desserts. I opted for the lemon bar which was moist, tart and had the right amount of sweetness.
5	We were a little concerned when we heard that Wok On In was a Kosher Mongolian BBQ place, never seen that before, but the second we stepped out of the cab we were sure this was gonna be good.  The smells coming from the restaurant delighted the senses and we quickly went in to see what was in store.  The Mongoliam BBQ was quite delicious, as good as any I've had with super high quality (kosher remember) ingredients.  We also tried some of the middle eastern fair, also delicious, I loved the kibbah and their spicy dips rock.  During our stay in Vegas, we at here 3 times, each time was great and everything from the typical Jewish food to the Mongolian BBQ to the Persian delicacies were all spot on.  Definitely give this place a try and their delivery service was amazing as well.  They gave us chaffing dishes, a crock pot to use pre-Shabbas so our lunch was warm, just amazing food and amazing people.  We loved Wok On In, definitely the best Kosher food in Las Vegas and ranks up there for delicious food with the non-Kosher places as well.
1	Everyone is right about the customer service there is none...also I have no idea of this is buffet style or not I doesn't feel like it though I was told it is...phone kept ringing and, the owner, I'm assuming didn't even get up to answer it... the food is ok..not a real mongolian bbq..too much oil used...added rice didn't ask for it..tried to get me to add other ingredients I didn't want..not worth the money...go to buffet @ asia instead right down the street
1	We too had eaten a here under the last owners and loved it. My gosh has this place gone to crap. No service, they plate your selections and the meats were both floating in this bloody ice water as the "hostess" grabbed out a small finger bowl and set it aside. My wife nearly got sick just looking at it as we stood there for 5 minutes alone waiting for a cook. So we just walked out. Again, no one to greet you, no explaination of the new process, very gruff when talking to anyone. they grab the ingredients you ask for and try to short you on meat for a set $11 price for one serving. Plus they advertise hot dogs and hamburgers, buffet mexican food? At Kosher-mongo BBQ? WTF? Absolutly horrible experience to see such a good place turn to this. I will warn everyone I see to stay away.I think the health dept would be intrested in how the meat is keep.
5	Great food. Owner is very pleasant
1	Confused and being starred at by the owner is frustrating.  We were hungry so we ate... Plus we kinda felt sorry for the lady... I just hope I don't get sick! The BBQ is a great concept but I can't find a good one here in Vegas. KeywordsNOT freshOilyPoor customer relationsDirtyUglyIf u don't mind those descriptions in the place u eat help yourself...
3	I really wanted to enjoy this place.  But the food just had a different taste and was very salty to my liking. There was a friendly elderly lady working the counter and Mongolian station. Service was OK as there wasn't much business.  The dining area was large enough for a big party.  It was a little dirty.I had some Mongolian which you could basically add any or all ingredients with beef or chicken. It was different, at least not my fave.  They make a variety of Mongolian, Mexican, Mediterranean, and Israeli food.
1	I'm so confused. I came to this place with a Groupon expecting myself a lunch.I pulled up to the location and there is not only a sign that said "Closed for renovation", but there was the name of another restaurant painted on the windows and on the billboard on the street.So did another restaurant take over this location?
5	Very impressed with everything!
