5	I received my very first Nespresso espresso machine as a birthday gift a few months ago, and I just ordered my SECOND machine so I can have one when I travel. Yes, folks, Nespresso is THAT addictive and delicious! The downside to owning a Nespresso maker is that you must use their proprietary coffee pods, which cost anywhere from .50 - .75 each (ouch)! They have an online mail order site, but you have to pay shipping fees on top of everything else -- so imagine my excitement when I took a trip to the Scottsdale area and found a nifty little Nespresso boutique where I could purchase the pods in person with no shipping!Basically the boutique is a small section of the swanky Sur La Table store in the Kierland Commons shopping area of Scottsdale. The Nespresso section is on the left side of the store and is easy to spot. The boutique sells all of the pods for all Nespresso machines, including the special holiday roasts and other limited edition flavors. The BEST THING about the boutique is that the employees will make you as many coffees as you want; I probably sampled 8 or 9 different espresso blends that day (see my photo). It's a great way to compare the pods and see which roasts you really love. I dropped over $200 on specialty pods on my last visit. They also have a pod recycling bin so you can save up your used pods and bring 'em in to help save the planet. The boutique of course sells all the latest Nespresso machines and accessories.Worth noting is that the Nespresso boutique, while physically located inside the store, is separate from Sur La Table so you CANNOT use a Sur La Table gift card for any purchases there.
3	Not personable service yesterday. We bought six sleeves for the Nespresso. The person helping us didn't engage us. He barely provided us with information about the coffee favors. He actually never even said hello to us.  Next time I need Nespresso  cups, I will buy them online.
5	N'espresso has crossed over to the other side with darker roasts. Yum!
1	The only way to get coffee for my Nespresso machine is to order it online or purchase at a Nespresso boutique. I have been to this place three times in the past year to purchase the specialty coffee and each time I walk away angry and disappointed at the way my wife and I are treated.I understand this place is popular and they have a lot of customers to make free espressos for, but the condescending and patronizing attitude is something not even  the busiest coffeehouse can equal.I am not making the trip to this place again. I will purchase my Nespresso online from now on.
5	I have owned a Jura Capresso fully automated machine for several years........Unfortunately I knocked it off of the counter and there slowly but surely went about $3,000 in hard earned money.This time, with recommendations from my friends I downsized to the Nespresso Lattissima!  20% off at Bed Bath and Beyond..............the first one had problems and Nespresso sent a brand new new one FIRST (can't live iwthout one for a day!) and also sent a box for me to return my old one.I decided to call customer service, spoke to a wonderful lady named Ashley who walked me through programming, answered all of my questions, with suggestions, quick solutions, and the 5-W's of great customer service.  She was patient, did not speak down to me.............not like calling India when I've pre-paid for north American technical support with Dell!  Another story that would take days to writeAshley and Nespresso's belief that the "customer is always right" was so greatly appreciated..................I am actually looking forward to the morning and my morning wet-cap while watching the morning news..................heaven on earth to me.I have to admit I had my doubts as to how a $399 machine was going to compare with a $3,000 machine.............granted it's not the PERFECT wet-cap (my drink of choice) but saving over $2,500 it is wonderful..............especially Ashley!Sur La Table has a boutique if I need to run in and quickly run out with more Nespresso in a hurry.  I have man faults, but being disorganized is not one of them and having to deal with people who are way over their heads in a call center is something I cannot and refuse to deal withl.Congrats to Nespresso..........................and more so on your wonderful employees that only add to your great product..........quick, fast, easy and just what's needs when walking the dogs early in the morning.But congratulating on KNOWING how to hire and train the best customer Service I've had to deal with...............and never hesitate to call..................THE BEST...and when they are stumped, they have no problem finding the right person to solve your problems..............................You've earned a  supporter and fan for life  No one expects perfect products.  I do, however, expect perfect, respectful customer service...........and I received that and more......................................Kaathy
5	All the nespresso coffees are awesome. This place specifically has a large assortment of the nespresso coffees. You can try before you buy which is pretty cool. Everyone here is very helpful and nice, love coming here to buy my coffees
5	This place is fabulous! It saves me from having to order coffee online and wait for it to be shipped. Everybody who works here is super friendly and they always offer up a complimentary coffee, espresso or latte. If you own a Nespresso machine this is the best place to get your coffee. I have two (one espresso machine and one coffee machine) and wouldn't trade them for anything!
