3	I hadn't been to a Food City in at least 10 years - because if you had a choice who would really go to a Food City?  But, they built a brand new one right on Southern that I pass every single day.  (I prayed for a Sunflower or a Trader Joe's.  I got Food City.  Sigh... the prayer vigil continues...)So it was one of those - I really just need 2 things kind of days, so I figured I'd take that opportunity to check them out.  Well, they earned a solid star and a half before I'd ever walked in the door.  As soon as I opened my door the smell of chicken and beef and tortillas and other amazingly yummy goodness hit me.  They have a cafe/restaurant with windows that roll open for you to walk on up and buy some of that goodness you're smelling.  They have a bunch of table and chairs sitting under a permanent shaded area for outdoor dining.  And the walls around there are painted with festive murals - not high class, but it's the thought that counts.  I swear they lost a star when I saw their produce selection.  Here's the thing - if the tomatoes are green and yellow - and your best ones have spots of orange - don't buy that many from your produce people.  There was a HUGE table of them!  And the roma tomatoes were red, but almost all soft and squishy.  Yea, I'm pretty passionate about my tomatoes, but this was just a symptom of a larger issue to me.  It's like Bashas has a big sorting center that sends the best to AJ's, the average to Bashas and the "Can that still be eaten?" to Food City.  I'm sure it doesn't really work that way, but it often feels like it.The rest of the store was actually quite nice.  Wide aisles, brightly lit, well stocked.  Pretty good sized bakery, and things looked good but I didn't have an opportunity to get anything from there.  I left with 4 things, I came for 2.  At Costco if I went for 2 things I'd leave with about 18.  So I'll most likely shop here again because a) it's super convenient to my daily commute and b) it's a place where I can need a few things and actually only buy a few things.  That doesn't make it a good place - it actually means it's LESS tempting.  One day soon I think I'm going to have to go back and try out the pre-made food out front.  That looked better than the rest of the store all put together.
3	I dont know why  maybe its because of the food city jingle but I like this place. I can find all the mexican food necessitys that I need here. they make fresh tortillas.which smells so good and takes me back to when I was young. anyways It is a tyipical food city with the same old problems long lines and no help on the floor.
4	Hey, I shop here all the time, & it's time for someone to give this excellent store 4 Stars!  Here's why:*  Amazing sale prices!  SIX POUNDS of oranges for 96 cents!  Big Pablano chiles at a per-pound price that worked out to TWO CENTS (not 50 cents!) each!  Big bunches of celery, TWO for 98 cents!  Lots of other really super buys every week, too!*  An excellent, inexpensive restaurant inside!  (Review forthcoming).*  LOW, LOW everyday meat prices!  Some cuts at HALF the price for the same thing elsewhere!*  Delicious Marinades for your chicken or beef FREE for the asking at the full service meat counter! *  Fast & friendly customer service!*  Interesting Mexican style events held here often!  Today for instance, a guy out in the parking lot had a machine with a big wire drum & four big blow torches blasting flame into it, "air broiling" hundreds (thousands?) of Pablano chiles, & oh what a great smell!  (See photo).*  A real screwball mix of customers - great people watching while you enjoy your tasty lunch here.It's a big "YAY!" for this big,busy, noisy, fun supermarket!     :-))
3	I was pleasantly surprised upon walking into this store. It was clean, well lit and well stocked. I was really impressed with the prices of the produce, which I found to be decent. The bananas were pretty ripe so I probably wouldnt buy them here but 3 heads of iceberg lettuce for .99 and 5 avocados for the same price? Not too shabby. I also purchased some tortillas
4	I go here and get my fruits and veggies,and they aren't covered in that waxy crap that you find on the stuff at Wal-Mart and Fry's. Low prices on produce.
4	Food City is such a great place to shop for all my veggies, for cheap! I can make out with almost a cart full of fruits and veggies for approx $30!!!! I love the feeling of this place. From the "Food City" jingle playing in the store, to all of the Mexican speciality items, this place is much more than a grocery store. Its like a community. They really take care of each other. They have  a shuttle bus that transports the customers who don't drive!! I love that.  Not to mention,  the live Mariachi Band that I have seen playing in the restaurant section while you eat!! On Saturdays,  they roast Chili's on the grill, and it always smells so good!!!
4	The Southern and 7th Avenue is one that I frequent quite a bit. The prices are on equal terms with other chains but sometimes you can find really good sales on produce and meat. This location has a bakery, hot foods during the day and an SRP Paycenter / MPower kiosk. The store clerks are friendly and the Barbecue boxes (preselected cuts and amounts of meats commonly used for BBQ) are a good deal at only $19. If in the area, check it out.
1	It was probably my fault for coming here in the first place given that you guys have not that much selection in food and marked up prices. You would think it would be a given to have exemplary customer service in lieu of your shortcomings, especially given your other competitors, but no it wouldn't, would it? I went here with my $5 gift card that I had won from a box of Keebler Rice Krispy Treats. I purchased a box of popsicles for my son, that totaled $4.63. I wrung up my purchase as credit but your card machine kept ringing the purchase up as debit. The sales girl just kept telling me to hit the green button, so it kept declining since I did not enter the correct PIN numbers, when it was suppose to run as credit. When I tried to explain to her what the problem was, she told me it was declined, and very loudly and rudely if I might add. I kept trying to explain to her why it was being declined, and she had this very flippant, like 'it's not in my job description to care attitude'. And when I asked for the supervisor, apparently her supervisor was the cashier in the opposite register, she proceeded to do nothing. Didn't come over or investigate the problem, she just accused me of not having enough money in the gift card, which wasn't even the problem at all. I obviously have a lot to gripe about, about my transaction with you. First, you should have the cashier helping me blow bubble gums and be on her cell phone the whole day, so as I can be made aware of her total disregard of her job, and will not bother her with trivial questions or assistance. Secondly, I don't think the entire store heard that my card had been declined, maybe you guys should announce that on the intercom since you guys announce everything else on there. Or you guys could totally chip in for a bullhorn. Third, so as not to bother your supervisors from glancing over to see if there workers or customers need help, why don't you use mirrors, or just have them telephone from there very high pedestals. You guys seriously suck the Food out of any City your in, I hope you guys fail every health inspection from here on till your ultimate demise.
