3	I always order online and it is always reliable.  There are always really good deals online.  I know, not the greatest pizza, but for under ten bucks a pie, it beats the alternatives, i.e. little Ceasars, etc.  Close, convenient and cheap.  Triple C's
3	I know its Friday night, Theses guys are slammed. It took along time to get our pizzas but I am one of those people that realizes these guys were working their butts off trying to keep up. The pizza was good but cold. And I'm sure if it was any other nite it would have been much different. You guys are doing the best you can I give you a big thumbs up for your hard work.
5	Fantastic! I ordered 2 pizzas from them tonight, on a friday, they gave me an eta of 30 min. I called at 30 min and they said they didn't have any record of my order. They said give them 25 min max and it would be there fresh. I said ok. As soon as I hung up the phone, there was a knock at my door. It was the delivery guy with my pizza. I quickly called papa johns back and they said thank you for letting us know. The pizza was delicious as always. After we finished eating there was another knock at my door. It was the pizza guy with my order again. I told him the situation. He said he was aware and that this round was on the house. I graciously accepted and thanked him again. In summery, best chain pizza place with customer service bar none. Definitely recommended!!!
5	I ordered two pizzas here for the kid's birthday party. We had a coupon but I wanted to ad the "points" to my Papa Points. The coupon couldn't be used over the phone for some reason so they told us to make our order as close as possible and then call back with the special instructions (double pineapple and double pepperoni). We did just that and all came out well. They could have easily told us to screw off but didn't. Even when picking the pizzas up they made sure that I knew that they followed the special called-in instructions. Great experience.
2	Ordered pizza online - he took an hour to deliver at the house like its just 10 mins away
4	Never had a bad experience here. The other night 8/9/14 we ordered from them, my daughter really likes their specialty cheese pizza, and we tried the limited time special pulled pork pizza with pepper jack cheese and bbq sauce, it was all really good. Oh and we ordered one of the cookies also, the kids thought the giant cookie pie was amazing!I like being able to order online. It makes the whole experience smoother, there are no misunderstandings as to what may have been said and no hold times. They are the only place in my area that delivers to my house, so I can appreciate that but they are also always nice when you go in to pick up as well!Just a cool location all around.
1	Absolutely terrible, terrible service.  I got hung up on and had to call back over 5 times because the person answering phone was ill-equipped to help me and when asking for a manager, they kept refusing by not saying anything or simply hanging up.  Very disappointing as I love Papa Johns.
4	Use this location often, love the online ordering, never had a bad experience..
