5	Fantastic barbeque.  The sauce is great, but you don't even need it!  They've got that low-and-slow thing down!  The pulled pork and brisket are the best items on the menu.  Only meat offering that we pass on is the Hot Links - they're not *bad* just not as stellar as everything else on the menu.  The sauce is a thin vinegar/tomato based sauce - not like a sweet, sticky Kansas City sauce.Portions are large - this is a great restaurant for sharing.  If you've got 4 or 5 people, the Mama Faye's platter is a great deal and WAY more food than you'd need.Oh, and try the Memphis Skins for an appetizer: potato skins piled high with pulled pork and cheddar.  Dunno what the creamy sauce is that they bring with them... I always just reach for more barbeque sauce!A wide variety of side dishes, the best of which are the green beans, macaroni and cheese, french fries and the baked sweet potatoes (served still wrapped in foil with brown sugar & cinnamon.)We've been going to Memphis for years now and have never had a bad experience.  The wait staff is always great, friendly and cool.
5	Oh my God, this place is like heaven to me.  The ribs, the BBQ sauce, the pulled pork.  It melts in your mouth.  I have never been to the other locations, only the Warm Springs one, and I like it because it's away from the strip and the tourists.  They sent me a coupon for my birthday for a free rack of ribs.  I think it was one of the best days of my life when they brought those ribs out to me.  If you could have seen my face...  I was happy.  I cannot go to Vegas without visiting this place.  It's the best BBQ I've ever had.
5	This place is the best BBQ of any BBQ I've ever seen.  Everything I've had there is delicious.  Baby back, beef ribs, St. Louis ribs, pulled pork, beef brisket, chicken (I sound like a fatty, don't I?). I once bought their cookbook.  It changed me forever.
5	I thought this place was excellent.  The wife and I have hit up quite a few bbq places and this is probably are favorite.  Highlights for us include the spicy smoked wings, the best smoked turkey ever (just ask to get the gravy on the side), baby back and the sweet potato side (the brown sugar on it makes it soooooo good!!).I wished they had a deeper beer selection like Pabst and Natty light but that's about it.
1	I was exicited to come here because I had heard good things and I am very enthusiastic about BBQ.  The quality of the meat was not to my standards.  Everything I tried here was substandard.  I felt like everything in the restuarant was in need of a good dusting.  Little too heavy on the kitsch.  I didn't want a box.
4	Another BBQ review from a girl who hates BBQ. What can I say, I keep getting dragged to these establishments! This place was better than others I've had for sure. We tried the platter with just about everything on it. The ribs were good, but not amazing. My personal favorite was the pork shoulder (pulled pork). WOW, I can't wait to try this on a sandwich ! Also, I do enjoy the vinergary sauce they use here. It's yummy. Happy hour specials (3-6 and 9-close) were awesome.. 3 sliders (with that yummy pork on it) + fries + a pint for 6.99! Wow, I'll wait till 9 PM next time. Drink prices were good in general.. $4 stella anyone?
5	My favorite BBQ place - although you should know my only comparisons are located in other states.  Ribs are the BEST.  Chicken is ok, but not my fave.Sides are ok - nothing spectacular, nothing awful.  The ribs are so good that it doesn't matter if the chicken and sides are just ok, this place still rocks.And they serve sweet tea.  Yum.And a drive-through!!!  Amazing.
5	Pretty darn good...After flying in and getting our car, we headed down the road to give this BBQ a shot.  It did not disappoint.  They served us water in jars and the decor was filled with trophies.  We had the 3 item combo comprised of the baby back ribs, beef brisket and pork shoulder with sides of green beans and fries.  This was more than enough for the two of us.  This is the first time I guess I had Memphis style BBQ so the meat was leaner and drier than the BBQ i am used to.  However the meat was very flavorful and had the smoke ring on everything.  What made the meal was their BBQ sauce.  Sweet and smoky with a vinegar tang that complimented the meat rather than smother the meats flavor.  The service was great  and was willing to replace the green beans with boiled veggies when the fiance didn't like that it was cook in bacon.  The price was reasonable as our meal was $20.  I'll be sure to go back again if I am in Vegas craving some BBQ.
4	Dropped in the first week of January 2009 for some lunch after getting off the plane.   I had a craving for pull pork and this place was the closest to the airport.I had the pulled pork sandwich and it was excellent.  Make sure you drown the sandwich is BBQ sauce.  If you eat this sandwich making a mess, then you have done it right.  I have to go back and try their ribs.Very decent BBQ....I would recommend you yelpers give it a try.
4	Great Ribs. Great I tell ya. Their magic dust is great on just about all their food. I can't seem to get enough of their ribs. I have not tried their pulled pork but I might try that next time. But yeah, definitely the best ribs in Vegas.
5	I have never been so amazed by both service and food at a BBQ restaurant as I have been here. Last week was our first time, and since I hadn't had anything on the menu, I was a bit unsure of what to order. The head waitress (Patricia) who was handling our table made a suggestion of either the Catfish or the Brisket. I ended up choosing the Brisket, and damn was I impressed.The quality of the meat is very good. It was not greasy at all. I was informed that it's cooked for 18-20 hours before serving, which makes it very tender. Their sauce is also amazing, as well as their "magic dust" seasoning.Drinks were served in mason jars, since we didn't order anything alcoholic. Their apple tea, sweet tea, and lemonade are all very tasty as well. Top that off with the stellar service we received, and I can honestly say I'll be returning here on a regular basis for dinner. Was VERY affordable, being only $25 for two people to eat.
3	Decided to get takeout for lunch today and it was great.  I eat an early lunch and they don't open until 11:00am, but I called them the day before and they said if I called at 10:30 the would be happy to make my lunch a little early and I could pick it up at 11:00.   It was very convenient because they have a drive-thru and my food was ready when I got there.Pulled pork sandwich:  This was the real deal.  I've been to Memphis in May and had some really good pulled pork and they live up to their name.  The bun it was served on was just average, but the pork was tops.  It is served naked on the bun but they give you a small side of slaw and barbeque sauce.  The barbeques sauce was decent.Cole Slaw - In addition to the small slaw I had ordered slaw as one of my two sides.  And I'm glad I did - the slaw was great.  It's not a mayo based slaw but a red wine vinegar base and it was delish.Baked beans - I got the beans and it they were pretty good.  A little sweet for my taste, but I like that they used a couple different types of beans.Ice Tea - On their website they advertise a "Memphis House Blend Ice Tea" sweetened or unsweetened.  I ordered sweetened on their recommendation and immediately wished I hadn't.  Not that it was too sweet - it wasn't - but I just prefer the bitterness of unsweetened in general.  The sweetened version I found to be so-so nothing mind blowing.Sandwich, two sides, and iced tea for under $10.  Not a great deal but not bad.  I'll be going back.
5	WOOOHOOO!!!  I finally got a bbq fix while I was in Las Vegas. I have seen this place online and it was mentioned in a foodtv or travelchannel program about the owner from Murphysboro, Illinois. I looooove bbq so I made it a point to come here. When we got to the parking lot, you could smell the wonderful wood aroma which flavors the meat. We then went inside and were seated right away. The waitress we had was great. She explained a couple of questions we had and we ended up ordering 4 appetizers. (WAAAAAYYYYY too much food for 2 people.) We had the burnt ends, rib teaser (4 bones), stuffed potato skins (stuffed with shredded pork) and the 3 mini sandwich sampler with chicken, brisket and shredded pork. The sweet tea was also delicious. We got to try a bunch of meats and I think this will be a destination every time I come to Vegas in the future.
5	I love to be able to be giving so many 5 start ratings. This place takes the cake! You will not be disappointed if you take the short hike over to warm springs. If you are renting a car is Las Vegas you are already just down the street from it! The King sandwich is the best!
5	Hell YEAH!! What Else do u need to know??? Buy the Magic Dust to use at home. Order whatever you want it all rocks. Cream Corned is the best ever , this is the best of the best for BBQ. in vegas Of course u can technical about the place the service. But for BBQ this good there is no reason to mention anything else. Go there order your food and stuff your pie hole its good. Lates
4	doesn' get any better than this. If you want some real barbeque, this is the only place to get it. I come here every time I go to Vegas, and something about this place gives me that warm and comfy feeling. The ribs are amazing, mainly because fo the way they smoke them ( i believe its a few weeks?, not to sure). The sauce is unbeatable and the fried okra, is perfect. The portions are also pretty good, not too much. If you dont eat pork, I dont necessarily suggest this place. If you try this place, you wont be sorry!
4	Delicious food, huge portions, awesome service. Does it get any better than that? I definitely recommend this place for some good old fashioned bbq..the pulled pork sliders are really good. They make their own special sauces that are very tasty and flavorful, too.
4	It is really hard for me to give a rib joint a bad rating due to the fact that I am a rib lover. So I maybe just a bit biased when reviewing rib joints. Having said that, the sauce here at Memphis Championship is what sets them apart. It is so good and the magic dust seasoning is just awesome. All the the sides are good and have a home made flavor to it. I do not really care about the service because for me...it is all about the tender juicy ribs!
5	Damn this is some good BBQ!  Mr. Mike Mills is a god...have his book "Peace, Love & Barbeque" and couldn't wait to try one of his restaurants.  I've been here twice when visiting Las Vegas.  Last time I took some friends with me and they acted like I had just shown them to the promised land. The sauce is my favorite thing about MCB.  It's a perfect mix of ketchup based and vinegar based.  And being a North Carolina BBQ lover I can appreciate the vinegar.  Overall, everything is good here.  I can't point to one thing really.  Order one of the combos and at the very least get what I call the trifecta (ribs, chicken, BBQ (pulled pork)).  The only thing that may disappoint you is that the greatest server in the world, Victoria, may no longer be there, but if she is, she'll take good care of you.Make sure to get some sauce and Magic Dust to go!Num, num...get some.
4	This place was on my restaurant list! According to Bon Appetit Magazine the best ribs in America are at 17th Street Bar & Grill in BFE small towns in Illinois. However, the owner Mike Mills opened several restaurants in the west coast, Las Vegas to be specific...He names these Memphis Championship Barbeque (though he could not name them 17th Street Bar & Grill because they were not on 17th Street, LOL).NOTE: This is memphis style barbeque so don't expect thick sauces or bones falling out expect some delicious barbeque! Expect pork that been rubbed down with "magic dust" and has been slowly smoked forever! The meat is tender and has absorbed all the natural juices of the meat....As I type this my mouth waters! The sides are very good as well! We have amazing service, and babyback ribs to die for!!! If you find yourself in Vegas make sure you stop at Memphis Championship Barbeque!
3	Memphis BBQ is one of the good BBQ restaurants in Vegas, next to Famous Dave's and Lucille's.  The atmosphere is relaxed and casual, the staff is friendly and available, food is delish and prices are reasonable.  I would recommend this place.
3	I was looking forward to trying this place out for a while. So much that this was our first stop on this Vegas vacation. Magic dust and sauce were both pretty good. Sampled the ribs, brisket and chopped pork. The sides we tried were fries, potato salad, cole slaw and baked beans. I guess my palate is more suited towards West Coast BBQ.  I did enjoy the chopped pork the most of the meats.  The one thing that could have been better was the staff, not really feeling their " I guess I can help you out vibe." If one is looking for the itis this may be the spot for you.
2	We went later in the evning after watching a Food Network show about how this place was supposed to have the best ribs in American. Uhm, I think not! The side dishes were not that great either!
4	I'm going to excuse the rude hostess when I called for directions and just focus on the food...Our server was extremely nice...to the point she was thanking us for thanking her.The food was pretty good. I was most impressed with the fried okra and red beans and rice with bits of hot links in it. My wife liked the smoked chicken a lot. Her hot links weren't bad either.The waitress raved about their club sandwich, but I didn't think it was all that. I wanted the pulled pork sand or the prime rib sand, but she insisted on the club so I got it. Bad move on my part. She was skinny so I shouldn't have trusted her.I'd go back again and order something else. They can't get a 5 in my book though because their portions aren't that big...they should visit Lucielle's.
1	I wish I could give this place no stars!!This really isn't the best BBQ in town - I am not sure how it got the name "Championship BBQ" but it is far from being championship and I honestly tell you, if this guy won Memphis in May, the owner must have thought he won it or is just delusional - there are must better places than this at Memphis in May!!I honestly think Lucille's is much better than this place, it damm close to real Memphis BBQ. I have had real Memphis BBQ many times and there are places back there that blow this place away out of the water by a 100 miles!! It really should be just called Backyard BBQ. If you really want good BBQ and want to splurge a bit and pay a few more dollars for better BBQ, then go to Lucille's or even Famous Dave's - I even think there are some hole in the wall places on the west like CJs that have better BBQ. Overall - not impressed..
4	Memphis Championship Barbecue has perfected the fried okra. Their sauce is nicely balanced and complements the meat well. The baby back ribs and pork shoulder were great with extra sauce, but alone were slightly dry. Loved the sweet apple tea. Service was great as well.Overall, a very enjoyable experience. I'll surely return for more Championship Barbecue!
3	Heard this place won a bunch of awards, so we had to try it the next time we were in Vegas. Went for lunch and had the ribs. They were good, but we have had better elsewhere. Several side dishes to choose from. The potato salad, beans and rice, and mac and cheese are very good. Pass on the fries. Typical BBQ joint selections: brisket, pulled pork, burnt ends, chicken, ribs.
5	I was never a fan of BBQ until I went here.  The baby backs are so tender and juicy, the fried pickles are tangy and delicious, okra, red beans and rice, collard greens, garlic bread, sweet apple tea....oh my!  The service is fantastic and everyone is really great.  The food is so good that I took a picture to mms friends and family :-)
2	This place was just "OK". One of the reasons I choose a restaurant is to get food I can't get at home. In this restaurant's defense, I was referred there to try the ribs--and I ordered something else--The combo platter with hot links, pulled pork, and briskett; all were good, however I wouldn't order the pulled pork again, just didn't impress me. Baked beans & Macaroni & cheese were absolutely wonderful. The service, well it was just slow and unnattentive. We're talking about serving food that is 100% pre-cooked, so after the order is placed it should simply be the time it takes to plate the food and bring it to the table. 40-mins? I counted six customers in the place.I was hoping for a good hole-in-the wall BBQ joint, but what I got was a chain restaurant, and if I wanted that, I would've gone to Lucille's.
4	I've been here several times over the past few years, they even catered a party for me once.  The food has always been very good.  The brisket is always tender and I really enjoy all of their sides.  I like the vinegar based cole slaw instead of the mayo based slaw you find at some other places.  I don't think I've even been there without ordering the fried pickles, yum!  The pulled pork is sometimes a little dry, but I like their sauce so much that enough of that ends up on my food anyway.The star deduction is for their sometimes spotty service.  Yesterday our server was great, other times it was, well, not so good.
4	i love the beans at this place.  they also have to-go food, which is great.  although, i always end up eating more than i should!
4	I have had their Brisket on several occasions, pretty good stuff, I am a BBQ fanatic, if I like it, you may love it, I have tried BBQ from some of the best cooks in the world... that being said, this stuff is pretty damn good... try it for yourself
4	In town for a week and had a class near Nellis AFB for about a week.  One of my classmates brought me here and recommended "the King"...BBQ pulled pork...got the 6 oz sandwich and man is that awesomeness...hot juicy meat in my mouth...errr...yeah...but still good.  Came back later that week and got the King again!
4	Loved this place. Perhaps it was partially due to the fact that I was here for a wedding reception, so the food was plentiful... and free! But regardless, everything we had was great. The pulled pork was by far my favorite, and the chicken my least favorite. The BBQ sauce and magic dust both were divine on everything (especially the french fries!)
4	Arguably the best ribs I've ever had!Had some training dept. managers at my old job take us out for dinner a few years ago.  Damn that was an awesome feast!
4	This small chain of BBQ restaurants is considered by many to be the best Las Vegas has to offer.  Ann received a 2/1 coupon valued up to $20 shortly before we departed from home.  This one did not require the purchase of an equal or greater value entree so I chose one of the least expensive meals, pork shoulder, while she ordered a rack of babyback ribs.  Mine was bland so I added copious amounts of BBQ sauce.  The ribs were very meaty, flavorful and tender.  Each entree came with 2 sides, we chose macaroni and cheese (very good), green beans (right out of a can), collared greens (ugly) and red beans and rice (okay).
2	we got a combo plate that came with ribs, pork shoulder, briskets and chicken.  the deal was good...it also came with 2 sides...all this for 22.99.  The problem: everything was dry...the only thing i enjoyed was the beer and the free bread that came with the meal.  they only got 2 stars because the waitress was nice.my husband is crazy about bbq and he couldnt even eat 30% of this plate....
3	Yes its good, and the service is ok, but they are not consistant.  As far as the ribs go, I have had them excellent there, and have had them nasty its a 50/50 split I guess and I hate that.They arn't expensive so that's a plus!  So yes they are good and I would "lightly" recomend it, however I believe Buzz Bbq to be of better consitancy.
4	I came here on co-worker recommendation.  I don't know many legit BBQ places which have drive thru windows which is great for sake of convenience.I ordered the King AKA  the Pulled Pork Sando Combo.  The Regular size is about 8 oz. of pulled pork smokey deliciousness but when I devoured it  felt like a 12 ouncer.It came with 2 sides.  I chose the creamed corn and the green beans.  It was the first time I'd eaten creamed corn.  I was good but I prefer creamed spinach but that's not available.  The green beans were bleh and will try some other side next time. Next trip it will all about the Pork Ribs and Brisket!  This place has to be right up there for Best BBQ in Vegas!
4	Get the apple blossom sweet tea, it will refresh you between bites & doesn't overwhelm your taste buds with sugar. The ribs were wonderful- great portions. I recommend dining in, the drive thru window is a great idea...but some meals just don't travel well. Plus- the service is AWESOME!
5	I love their King Sandwich, which is juicy pulled pork with cole slaw on top.  It has the sweet, yummy flavor of pork and sauce with the sour crunch of the slaw.  Pure heaven.
3	Memphis BBQ is a good BBQ restaurant and good for families (as most BBQ restaurants tend to be).I enjoy their pulled pork, red beans and rice (not an authentic version, more brothy, but good nonetheless) and mac and cheese.Good lunch option as well with some specials available.At times, food quality and service are inconsistent, but all-in-all, a good experience.If you have children, make sure they pull the train whistle at the entry - mine loves this.
3	Good BBQ in Vegas but not as good as we're used to finding in the Midwest.  Liked the choices of sides and pork ribs were good (maybe we were too early in the day and they just hadn't been smoked enough?).
4	This place is crazy. What kind of BBQ joint has a drive through window!! Has all the awards up so you can see, even the president (clinton)went there, or they took a picture with him. Everything was pretty good. Ribs, great, good flavor, pulled pork, great. Bisckets were hot and fresh. beer was good and they have a drink special each day. Service was nice. And they give you sauces so you can mix and match. i sort of like thicker sauces but this was good too, little more on the vinegar side though.
4	Although it is a close race with Lucille's, this is the best BBQ in Las Vegas. The ambiance is fine, but Memphis Championship BBQ excels at one thing - the food. The pull pork and ribs are similar in quality and taste that you would find in Tennessee. Their sides especially the collard greens and beans are excellent. Everything about this place is simple and efficient making it a must go if you are looking for BBQ in Vegas.
3	good competition que, probably the best in the competition realm I have ever hadbut not like authur bryants or Gates or any of the other bbq jointsI had the beef brisket(what I judge all BBQ on)and burnt endsboth I had to cover in sauce by the end but still a good taste
4	Great ribs!  Baby backs were juicy & moist & the St Louis were tasty, tasty, tasty!  Love their butter with the rolls, and the potato salad was fresh & flavorful. A definite do-over!
4	I ordered the two item combo with 2 sides.  I selected the brisket and pork shoulder with mac and okra.  I also need more veggies so I got a dinner salad.  The impressive start was the rolls.  Amazing soft rolls with a crispy top.  These rolls are dangerous.  You can't stop eating them.  I don't know if they will give you free refills, but I didn't ask because I would eat those.  The brisket was very tender, flavorful and just fell apart.  Big smoke ring on it.  The pork shoulder is smoked without the skin.  This is a drawback.  The skin provides fat and also has that crunchy chicarone texture.  This pork lacked the fat from the skin and the crunch.  Pass on the port next time.  The fried okra was the hot tip.  The mac and cheese was disappointing.  It tasted good, but the texture is just like the old mac and cheese out of the Kraft box.  I think Mac N Cheese should be baked with a crusty topping.  I didn't finish my meal so I could try the Bread Pudding.  This was the BOMB.  You gotta save room for this pudding.  So, just 4 stars because I think the pork shoulder and Mac can use some fine tuning.
5	Amazing......potato skins: cheddar cheese green onions and pulled pork!!! Omg!!! Their sauce is the best get the spicy!!! We will definately be making return trips. The service was great, the waiters are attentive and knowlegdable about the menu. Definately a place to share huge portions are servced
3	Drinks come in a large jar. Baked beans are sweet and delicious. We split a full rack of baby back ribs. My side was tough but my husbands was soft. The ribs have a dry rub with some sauce on top. The coleslaw is vinegar based not mayonnaise based it tasted okay. The potato salad is okay too.
5	Excellent BBQ tasty stuff , family friendly and good prices for a good sized meal. The beans are excellent and so is the drink in a mason jar - a nice homespun touch that compliments the decor.  Weekend breakfast is super.
5	Love this place. Best BBQ in Vegas. What's even better is that the food and service are consistently great. Our favorites: ribs, brisket, the king, burnt ends, cream corn, sticky Vegas style chicken wings and the best BBQ nachos you've ever imagined. If you haven't tried Memphis yet, run don't walk.
4	Just had lunch. Carrie is the BEST!!!She always keeps our glasses full & makes sure we have everything we could ever need! My friend had a beef brisket sandwich that was a little dry, Carrie sent it back & recommended something even better. We never feel uncomfortable asking her for anything, shes very accommodating. Lunch was good per usual, nothing like some yummy brisket & sweet potatoes to kick start my day!Memphis isn't my favorite BBQ place in town, but we keep coming back because of the prices & the awesome service!
4	Always a great place for my BBQ cravings.  The best sauce anywhere especially the spicy variety
1	Okay, so my sister-in-law and her husband were in town and were craving a little bbq...  I made the mistake of thinking this place was "Memphis BBQ", like from "Down Home with the Neeleys".  OOPS.  Definitely not.By the time we realized it, it was sort of too late to leave, and everyone was starving so we gave it a shot.We started with the sampler app platter.  Biggest pile of fried stuff I'd ever seen.  I'm pretty sure they just threw the onion strings and pickles in the fryer at the same time, then poured them on the potato skins, so everything had a interesting fried, bacon, sour cream flavor.  Highlight was the wings, which were NOT fried...  tender, not oversauced, generally above-average.The ribs (both baby back and St. Louis) were mediocre at best.  WAY over-smoked, sort of overcooked.  My husband said they tasted like kielbasa.  I don't think anyone at the table disagreed.  The funny thing is, you get your choice of sides...  My husband and I got steamed veggies (you have to save calories somewhere), and, it turns out, the portions of the "good-for-you" stuff are like half of the other stuff (creamed corn, mac and cheese, baked beans, fries).This place is a definite "not recommend".
2	Meh, I came here with my family and I wasn't all too impressed. I feel like service was slightly slow and food was nothing spectacular. It took a while for drinks, appetizers, and food to come (possibly because of the hour we came).. but I will say that our time spent with the waitress, she was definitely on it; she ranks higher than the food and kept my Kerr's mug filled to the brim! Food wise: We started with fried pickles... yes, I understand they were pickles.. and fried, but they were toooooo salty, and soggy/chewy. I have never had them before, nor have I ever fried pickles, but I now understand that frying pickles may be a hard feat. This marked my sodium overload for the day.For dinner, I got the sandwich/salad combo and I stuck with a chicken sandwich. It was dry, and I ended up just eating the chicken without the bun because I wasn't a fan of the bun. Still, the chicken was dry, and I didn't finish it.  Will say that the croutons on the salad were pretty good! My dad got the pulled pork sandwich, and he said he liked it.... but dad's taste-buds aren't all up to par:]So maybe barbecue isn't my thing... or maybe Memphis Barbecue isn't my thing..
2	I usually enjoy the food here but this time was a different story.   We had a craving for a sit down food.  We opted for Memphis and I whole heartedly regretted that decision.  I ordered their Memphis Pasta with Vegetables.  I never had anything as bland as that!  I tried to enjoy it but it just lacked flavor.  I should've just had their Veggie Potato like I was going to order at first.   The service was pretty good but the pasta was really just meh.
3	Okay, not sure if this is the location we went to, but oh well.Easy to find. Next to a BofA.The basket of bread you get is pretty good. Bread itself is light and airy, but you have to spread some of that honey butter on it. YUUUUM. Makes all the difference.I got the full rack of St. Louis. HUGE. This might have been the biggest full rack I've ever had in my life. Meat was tasty, but not the best I've had. Sauce wasn't overly tart or overly sweet, and also not so bold. Maybe people in Vegas like their sauces more mild. I got the mac and cheese - tasty. Green beans - just alright. Too much butter and it was sitting in all this liquid. Not too much flavor either. Wouldn't recommend this.I tried parts of hubbys variety dish with brisket, hot link, pulled pork and chicken. All were average. I enjoyed the brisket the most. Hot link was a little too hot for my taste. Bulled pork was more like butchered pork because it was just too too shreded. Chicken was regular chicken.Coleslaw was probably the best side that I tasted. It's not the creamy kind, but the vinegar kind. Light and very tasty.Server Dan was super duper friendly.I don't think this place is the best I've tried, but I'm glad I had a chance to have a taste Memphis bbq Vegas style.
3	Not bad.  Every BBQ place is different and what sets them apart is the sauce.This place is a more sour sauce rather than sweet, which is my preference.  Apart from sauce though, which shouldn't really judge the difference between BBQ places, the food came out really quick.  We then noticed that it got lukewarm within about 6-7 minutes.The meat was bordering 'smushy.' (pulled pork/brisket)The sides were really good though.  Get the corn muffins.
2	As a local for close to 10 years, I have eaten at alot of places. I had eaten here about 4 years ago and it was OK and filled my Texan craving for BBQ. It has dropped to I won't return and should have stayed with Famous Daves BBQ.(easliy 4 stars), but I had a coupon. The only reason it got 2 stars was the waitress and my coupon. My wife and I both had baby back ribs. Hers were cold,not kinda warm,cold!! Mine were above cold, just bearly. We returned them and they came back burnt on the outside. We scraped them and dined,because I had a coupon and not enough time to go elsewhere. Not alot of flavor when the BBQ sauce is removed and they were kinda tough. It seemed they were boiled not long enough. I had mac and cheese, more like elbows and Velveeta. Too bad, this was an OK place, not anymore!!
4	This place is out of the way but never really crowed. My bro and I rolled into this place and the service was OK and the food was good. It was a Saturday night and we didn't have to wait. I had a pork special and my bro had a brisket sandwich, both came dry and we added are own sauce. Each had two sides which were really good. I pick up some magic rub on my way out. This stuff is the bomb, i use it all the time on all the meat I cook. I will return when I'm back in Vegas. It doesn't have the Vegas feel at all.
2	My wife had a buy one, get one coupon in recognition of her birthday so she ordered a full rack of baby back ribs while I ordered pork shoulder.   The ribs were overdone and the pork shoulder lacked flavor.  The sides were hit and miss:  potato salad (too much mayo), baked beans (excellent) and mac and cheese (fair). We are going to take a pass on this offer in the future
4	During our visit to Las Vegas, we ventured out to have dinner at Memphis Championship Barbecue - Warm Springs location.  It was a bit of a late dinner arriving there around 8:00pm.The waiter we had was EXTREMELY friendly and accommodating.  We were seated very quickly at this time of night.  Trying to decide what to order was a real challenge.  Based on the descriptions of each of the dishes, we wanted to order one of everything.  After some discussion, we decided on the Grand Champion Plate and the dish where you choose your favourite style: baby back, St. Louis or beef plus two other meats.  We selected coleslaw and baked beans as our two side dishes.It's the absolutely best BBQ I've ever had!  Everything we had was very tender and moist.  The pulled meats were something to die for!!  I was very surprised with the coleslaw.  It is not the coleslaw I was use to having with the creamy sauce but soaked in vinegar.  Very very appetizing!!  Both my kids were a little apprehensive eating the food simply because they've never been here before.  Once they started, they continued to eat until they were full.  This is always a GREAT sign since they're both picky eaters.  My daughter actually wanted me to order more pulled brisket.Throughout our meal , the waiter kept coming by regularly to ensure our visit to the restaurant was pleasant.  The atmosphere was very country and fitting for this restaurant.  At this location, there were many families having dinner at Memphis Championship Barbecue which is a GREAT sign.  Not many tourists here simply because it is about a 10-15 minute drive away from the strip.I highly recommend people reading my review to try the food at Memphis Championship Barbecue if they're in the Las Vegas.  I will definitely be having dinner there the next time I'm in town.
3	Meh.I wasn't impressed with any of the food we ordered except for the ribs.  The beef brisket was decent, but it was served at damn near room temperature, and a tad on the dry side.  The sauce is really what made it taste good.The vegetables were good, but they're vegetables.  The wings were definitely tasty, nothing special.  Again, it was the sauce they used that made them shine.The ribs were AMAZING. Juicy and fall-off-the-bone tender.  You know what else made them good?  The Sauce.I wouldn't hesitate to buy their sauces, but I don't see myself coming back here.
3	The service is good, but "championship" didn't really come to mind, more like "Decent". I'd go back, but I wouldn't go out of my way.
3	Definitely the best BBQ I found in Las Vegas. I wouldn't say it is the best BBQ ever though. Growing up in the heartland I know what I love in good BBQ and while the food is delicious, it's not exactly consistent. I have been a handful of times for lunch and ordered similar items, first experience was great but some of the others were just so-so. I recommend Memphis Championship Barbecue if you get a craving while in the area, but if you're not in the mood for BBQ this isn't for you.
4	This place has an awesome breakfast on the weekends. You just have to check it out. The wait staff is friendly, there is often a manager roaming the tables just checking on everyone, and the bacon is to die for. All the breakfast meat is actually. Not to mention the praline french toast bites they have as an appetizer. Surgery sweet and kind of heavy, but lick your fingers good.We have now been on at least four occasions.
3	We decided on Memphis BBQ  for a change of pace from our usual BBQ restaurants ( famous daves n buzz's BBQ )  I had the full slab of St Louis  style the wife had the brisket plate we both had the collard greens and cole slaw , we also had the doz wings ,  Vegas style , smoked and served crispy.            The ribs were very tender and moist as was the chicken wings, the wifes brisket was a little chewy. The brisket portion was really small about 6 slices. It's a good thing I had the full rack to share. The cole slaw was very good reminded me of buzz's bbq , very good.  Service was good.  They also serve breakfast on the weekends, we'll have to try it
4	Overall, decent BBQ place with fun decor and friendly service.My favorite thing about this place is actually the Apple Blossom Sweet Iced Tea.  Come to think of it, the best sweet tea I've had was when I was actually in Tennessee.The pulled pork had good flavor, the chicken was a little dry, and the ribs were good.  Meat-wise, this place is only slightly above average, but I try to eat here every time I get to vegas...mostly because of the tea.
4	Ate here for lunch as we were rolling through to Disneyland.  Good food, nice staff, and very fast!!  This would be a great place to go for lunch in a hurry, or to stop in at for dinner as well.The bbq is not over sauced and the spice rub was spot on.  Of course if you like it saucey you can always put more on tableside.
4	Good food. It tends to be a little on the greasy side and it is a bit too pricey, but when you need that southern fix.
4	I just had to seek out Mike Mills' place on a recent trip to Vegas after reading his book "Peace, Love & Barbecue". Mike is royalty among barbecue enthusiasts and you always take a chance when turning your art into a mass-production at several locations. This happy camper can report that his brisket, rib and pulled pork combo tasted as if Mike was personally in the back pulling it out of the pit himself. The bartender who waited on me was one of the friendliest and attentive people I've encountered and that made the experience all the better. Well done, Mike. Now I just need to make it to your original 17th Street Bar & Grill in Murphysboro, Illinois to complete my Magic Dust-induced mission!
4	Pre-cooked. Never busy. Always fast & friendly wait service. Great for kids.. The apple butter & biscuits are the best! Definitely recommend eating here.
4	"OMG! My stomach is eating itself...I'm starving!"That was the scenario yesterday at approximately 3p.m. on the east side of the valley. So we went somewhere tried and true...Memphis Championship BBQ (my second favorite BBQ place over Lucilles).We got Baby Back Ribs, St. Louis Ribs, Beef Brisket, Chicken, Mac and Cheese, Cole Slaw, Green Beans, and of course their yummy complimentary rolls with sweet butter. And to wash it all down an Arnold Palmeretto and a Sweet Apple Blossom Ice Tea.Haven't been there in a while, it's still delicious, love their new Sticky Red Sauce. Always been a big fan of their Magic Dust. I can't go and not order Mac and Cheese or Ribs. They are both always a good bet. Didn't really like the green beans (soggy and bland) or the coleslaw (rather a creamy slaw). But we filled our empty bellies with succulent BBQ and even had some to take home for later.Great service, Patrick was the perfect waiter and the atmosphere fits the food. The restaurant was a little warm but the temperature in the valley just reached 100 degrees so I'll give them a pass.
5	This review is for breakfast - which is only served only on weekends at this location on Warm Springs from 8am until 2pm.Remember the Bob Evan's restaurants from the Midwest?  Well, the breakfast here kinda reminds me of those "country" breakfasts.  Lots of good homecooked food.My new favorite is the Vegas Scramble - eggs, tomato, bacon, cream cheese and avocado.  Sounds strange but amazing combination of flavors!  Served with potatoes and toast (or grits or biscuit) for $8.50.The BF gets the Biscuits & Gravy with Grits (of course) each time we are there....which usually results in a nap shortly thereafter.   He's obviously not originally from this neck o'the woods as his Southern roots show through with his breakfast choice.  But he does tell me that its better than any Waffle House he ever had in the South (which says a lot, apparently).The bacon and sausage (links or patties) have that great freshly bbq'd taste.  Also, the Bloody Mary's are served in huge mason jar mugs - and are soooo tasty.Great way to start the day!
5	Superior staff, superior quality, appropriate price.As with the sister-store on Rainbow, this restaurant is very well managed and staffed by caring, motivated, highly skilled people who have the experience of being at that restaurant for long periods of time. How do I know they've been there that long? In the last couple-three-or-more years I have been eating at this location for lunch mostly twice or three times a month, I keep seeing the same people.Although many prefer a different chain barbecue restaurant, Mike Mills (the founder of Memphis Championship Barbecue) has demonstrated a knack for attracting and maintaing a qualified staff that deliver *his* quality of barbecue at an appropriate price. Plus, a superior quality breakfast is now served on the weekends like 10-2 Sat-Sun.Four kinds of Iced Tea: Regular Unsweetened, Regular Sweetened, Apple Blossom Unsweetened, Apple Blossom Sweetened.Always a good experience for me, every time.Online ordering available (through patronpath). Full bar available. Great happy hour specials (were I so lucky to indulge in a happy hour, no rest for the wicked).
4	Ok let's start out by saying that this is a BBQ JOINT...there are not a lot, if any healthy options here...thank the Lord. If you want healthy...go somewhere else. We came here for father's day and were in the mood to grub on some meat (the west wasn't won on salad...just sayin). Steven was our server and was very sweet, attentive and my little girl thought he was the bees knees. We ordered quickly because we were starving and the attention span of a 3 and 2 year old is a bit much to be desired. -The burnt end appetizer was so yummy. Bits of brisket that were crispy and soft at the same time over a piece of white bread with their original BBQ sauce. Definitely recommend you start out with this. - Kids Mac and Cheese...the kids liked it...and that's all that matters :)- We each got a two meat combo...both with beef brisket, he got hot links and I got pork shoulder. I am not much of a sausage fan (hehehe...my dirty mind is kicking in) but it was pretty good. The pork was soft and shredded. Very flavorful but not healthy in the least (please refer to the top of this review). The beef brisket was yummy but it could have stood to have a bit more marbling (I am used to Texas brisket). Still very good. - The creamed corn is amazing...sweet, salty and creamy. A must have for the sides. - The mint chocolate chip brownie was very good...not earth shattering (this isn't Max Brenner when it comes to desserts) but definitely worth it if you have the room (the kids faces were covered in hot fudge). Overall a great time with my family. The prices aren't super cheap but the portions are good and the service is wonderful. Thank you Steven for a great time and we will be back to visit you for the country breakfast that you had mentioned.
4	Good, solid barbecue joint.  Their ribs and their pulled pork were delicious - definitely the stars of my plate.  I really love that they offer choices of sauce so that you can enjoy your bbq more on the sweet or more on the sour side or even with no sauce, if you like.  I went last month, and though I remember enjoying my sides, I don't remember what they were.  So I guess that means they were good but not better than the meat.  I wasn't a huge fan of their deviled eggs - a little too vinegary for my taste.  I enjoyed their sweet tea, and my coworker was ready to write love notes to his strawberry lemonade.The wait staff was friendly - not the fastest service in the West, but not painfully slow either.All in all, a positive barbecue experience.  I'd return.
5	Good food!
3	Good Place - deceiving name - I have had memphis style barbeque this is pretty good.  I did not see their smoke pits and I did not smell burning wood so I don't know if they really cook slow and low, but they claim they do.The best i tried were their burnt ends - stick with the beef here.  Oh yeah tell them not to slather sauce all over your plate.  You do not want all your meats to taste the same.
4	My wife & I visited this place while staying in Vegas.  We LOVED it!  The BBQ is super tender and just dripping with flavour.  The spices and BBQ sauce combination they use is something your taste buds just love.  The bread at the table is "ok" nothing special but the BBQ meats are so tender & juicy.  The sides are also very good, I had the BBQ beans that were just the right balance of sweet & spice.   The service we received from "Carrie" was nothing short or epic.  She answered all our questions & was always checking on us.  Yea, well be back here as soon as our next visit to Vegas permits.
3	I'm a big barbecue connoisseur, so I couldn't NOT check this place out.  Apparently it's a franchise, but it's the first one I've ever been to.  First off, I found it a bit pricey, but I guess that's the cost for "authentic" BBQ.  Second, I learned the difference between "Memphis" and other style BBQ houses...it's in the sauce.  The Memphis sauce is pale and mustard-y, which is something I was ignorant of until this point.  Needless to say, I'm not a big fan...  I got the combo plate with baby back ribs, brisket and pulled pork.  The ribs were nice and tender, but slathered with the yellowish sauce.  The brisket was good.  The pulled pork was a bit dry, so I generously seasoned it with "Magic Dust," which is their brand of dry rub seasoning.  It's delicious.  Now my mouth waters whenever I think about it.  I think they put cocaine in it or something.  I should have swiped a bottle when I had the chance.Also, their strawberry lemonade was very dull and flavorless.  A far cry from the sweet and refreshing kind at Lucille's Smokehouse BBQ, which was my next stop...UPDATE: I was compelled back by the "crack" seasoning (I nabbed a bottle this time), and I tried the burnt ends and the pulled chicken.  Both were underwhelming -- the burnt ends were tough, the pulled chicken was dry.  I tried it with the Sweet & Sticky sauce this time (redder in color), but it still wasn't to my liking.  Now that I've got it all out of my system, I won't be coming back.
5	This is a MUST GO TO if you enjoy BBQ and are anywhere close to Las Vegas. I was over-the-top surprised by the quality of food and the friendliness of the staff. Very touristy looking from the outside (big red barn) but don't be fooled. The best baby back ribs I have ever eaten! Get the baby back ribs and brisket if you must choose two. I also tried their fried dill pickles, sweet apple tea, cole slaw, & mac and cheese. Everything was good but the ribs steal the show!
4	I grew up in the south, so I've had my fair share of bbq.  Memphis does a great job at making you feel like you're back in the south.  The food was above average, some things better than others.  My son got a kids meal which was definitely a good value and he seemed to like it.  Wife and I split a plate of chicken and a baby back rib and pulled pork combo.  The chicken was just okay, but the ribs were very good.  This isn't a dripping wet, fall off the bone rib.  It is a super smoked lean rib that has a firm texture and a great taste.  It is not your run of the mill rib, it is very unique and tasty and I can understand why it is their signature award winning menu item.  The pulled pork was very good, flavorful and juicy and definitely on the lean side for pulled pork.Now for the sides:  mac and cheese is a joke.  do yourself a favor and don't eat it.  tastes like kraft shells and cheese with a stick of butter.  As for the others that we tried, i'd definitely recommend.  The hush puppies were great (so hard to find hush puppies these days, especially good ones).  the fried okra was excellent! (hard to find that too).  The beans were good (famous dave's are much better, but its a different style of beans.  MCB is meatless with more of a ketchup flavor and it grew on me with each bite). Now for the grand finale:  had the banana pudding for dessert.  If you've got any type of affinity for banana pudding, this may be the best you've had.  I only wish my tongue was long enough to lick the entire jar that it was served in.  Will go back and get this every time.  Try it and you'll love it, I promise!
4	Let me start this review by saying I don't know what Memphis BBQ is.  I know that it's in the sauce...blah blah blah.  Anyway...the place is cute.  The food is delicious and the staff is fun!  I got the pulled pork and the burnt ends.  Both were good.  No, wait.  Both were very good.  I really enjoyed both and would...wait...will...come back again for more.  The only thing that wasn't exceptionally good was the mac & cheese.  That left me a little disappointed but the rest was totally nom nom!!!  I read the reviews here about the cole slaw and I'll tell you this...when I ordered it, the server warned me right up front that it was vinegar based slaw...not creamy.  I ordered it...it was good....I want more.So all that being said, I can't compare it to other memphis bbq but as a stand alone place, this is really, really good and I'll be back!
1	At one time my family would visit this restaurant at least once a month. It was my favorite place to eat. Over the past several years I've noticed the quality has slowly diminished. After eating a dry, old Turkey dish for lunch last week I've decided I will no longer frequent this establishment. Over the past few months I have been served food that appears to have been stored in a refrigerator for several days. When I dine out I expect the food to be freshly cooked. They are cutting corners and it shows.
4	This is a good BBQ place that serves a good brisket.   I usually go for sausage and brisket while my husband is the rib eater.  I grew up in Texas and ribs must fall off the bone, so I do not find too many places here in town that meet that criteria, so I usually will try his.This place also has a unique item for appetizers, fried pickles, if you haven't tried them before, they're not bad.  Overall, the meats had a good smokey flavor, the ribs were tender, but just not Texas perfect, but close. The sides of cole slaw and collard greens were also very good.I recommend this place, overall, not a bad BBQ.
2	I left a glowing review for your closed location... I still stand by that review but the last two times I have been into this location the Ribs have been completely DRY and OVERCOOKED!   If it were once I would say that it was an off night but here we are now two times in a row, I think you need to examine who is overcooking your meat.  BBQ is all about TENDER and JUICY, not DRY and HARD.   I hate to leave such a bad review but if I were the management I would wanna know when the food is going DOWN HILL and brother something is off in that kitchen!
4	I was in the mood for some good BBQ and this place did not disappoint.  The walls and trophy cases were well earned deservedly so.  I will be back for sure.
4	This place is legit.  Good place for BBQ when you are craving it in Vegas.
3	3 1/2 Stars.I'm not a big fan of BBQ in general, but it sounded good when my coworker suggested today for lunch. We headed there in hopes of some good lunch specials. We were in luck. We arrived and the employees were very friendly and welcoming. We were seated in a very large booth and our server greeted us warmly. Service was very attentive and friendly throughout.I ordered the small bbq pulled pork sandwich with a side of hush puppies and creamed corn. The sides were at the suggestion of our server. The food was ok and reasonably priced. I did prefer my side dishes to my main, that is the only reason I rounded down to a 3 star review. My dining companion was pleased with her meal as well. We'd definitely come back for another lunch some time. Also, I noticed that they're now serving country breakfast as well.
3	I'm a big fan of fried chicken, so when I found out Memphis does a special Fried Chicken dinner on Sundays and Mondays, I put it on the list and whined to my husband about how we had to go. He finally broke down.The price was great, $10.99 for all you can eat with 5 different sides. I was kind of bummed I didn't get choice of sides...most of them I wasn't crazy about. The Fried chicken question is answered...it was okay, nothing special, not juicy enough, I like my chicken crispier, but it had lots of flavor. So I wouldn't go back for the fried chicken. Still love their rolls, mac and cheese and hushpuppies, which my husband agreed to share with me since I didn't like my coleslaw (Not a fan of vinegar based slaw) or green beans (mushy).
3	I needed to kill some time before catching a flight back home and Memphis BBQ is conveniently near the McCcarran airport car rental facility. My order the combo lunch with baby back ribs, hot links, Mac and cheese, baked beans and a diet Pepsi.  Overall the food was just OK. The stand out was the baked beans - delish flavor with several types of beans made this a stand out. The ribs were just average - dry and flavor less. I had to add BBQ sauce to make em edible. Links were just eh and the Mac and cheese was flat!What was solid here was the service from my waitress Carrie. Very accommodating and whe made sure everything was good throughout my entire lunch. For her efforts I raised the overall rating of this review.Will I return here? Possibly but I'll try different items next time.
4	It was a sunny sunday afternoon and I was craving some baby back ribs! Really bad too. So I decided to try out this one place I've always wanted to go to: Memphis Championship Barbecue. We walked in and delicious food smell welcomed us. We were seated right away in a booth. They lose one star because our server took more than awhile to finally greet us. By the time she came around to greet us, we were ready to order. I ordered a full rack of baby back ribs and my friend got a sandwich combo (lunch menu). She came back with our drinks and honestly, I was like 'what is this'. They serve drinks in a huge glass jar (empty jam jars, I suppose). I didn't complain. More drinks, less refills. Food came out fairly quickly. My friend's sandwich combo came with a bowl of chili. It was filled with pulled-brisket topped with coleslaw. My friend said it was good. Baby back ribs were also pretty good. Tender, juicy but one thing I didn't like about it was that it wasn't covered with sauce like other places do with their ribs. You have to put sauce yourself and you have four choices: Original, spicy, sweet and sour (I think?), and can't remember the last one at all. But the sauce were delicious and I was happy to finally satisfy my baby back ribs craving. One interesting thing about this place is once in awhile, you will hear a loud train sound, like you are eating in a train station or something. I flinched pretty bad the first time it happened, but after second and third time, I just thought it was kinda annoying. But anyways, overall, the food was pretty good, i think the service could use a little improvement, but definitely a good place to get some baby back ribs.Oh yeah, and I've noticed, their beer is pretty cheap and they have happy hour (can't remember what time) so that's also something to remember.
1	The only thing that was good were the fried pickled. The BBQ was tough and the meat did not have a lot of flavor. We came in for lunch and the service was slooooow.
4	Although it may not be authentic Memphis city BBQ, it's still pretty dang good!They give you these rolls when you order your drinks and they are extrememly tasty. They have some kind of honey butter to go with them.The price is excellent for the quality of food they serve. Their salads are delicious.And the environment is very laid back and fun. The service was great.Definitely recommend eating here if you're in the mood for BBQ!
5	Absolutely the best BBQ in the west!    I recommend ordering more than you can eat because it is just as good or maybe better reheated later.  This place is a MUST for BBQ lovers in Vegas.
5	Me and my husband go here at least once a week! If you want amazing BBQ and fantastic service this is the place to go! Also, they serve the fountain drinks and water in Kerr jars (like mason jars) adds a nice touch to the whole atmosphere! Definitely give this place a try, you will get hooked!I have no idea how so many people have so many negative comments. I've never had cold food. The service is fantastic and very quick and contrary to one of the other reviewers you do NOT just get one basket of bread, you want more you can ask for it and many times the waiter will ask you if you'd like more. And for crying out loud who wants to fill up on bread and lose room in your stomach for that fantastic BBQ. Seriously some of these reviewers must have been high or had a bad day when they went ate here.Edit: Still absolutely love this place over a year later, as I was reading some of the comments I noticed someone (Simon C.) gave a terrible review for the waiter Shawn. I have to say something as Shawn is my FAVORITE waiter. He is SO attentive, I never need to ask for a refill, and he checks up on us often. We have gotten to know Shawn over past year and a half and he is so sweet. When he heard that I had my little boy and we were in the restaurant he came over real quick to see him and say congrats. He was there oh, 2 min maybe and then went right back to work.
4	Very good BBQ - generous portions and a delightful server
1	Went to the Warm Springs location for my birthday (5 yr in a row) was surprised with new menu.... got our dinners and was sadly disappointed sides were over cooked and over seasoned . The "brisket" was cut into small strips like french fries . They got the wrong ribs for my plate and the burnt ends were fatty and not good at all. We have been fiercely loyal for 6 yrs but sad to say today was our last visit and we will not be recommending Memphis to anyone. Everytime we had guests come into town this is the place we always took them too but no longer it has become a place not to go. So sad I feel like we lost a friend today.PS. I heard they got a new manager and she isnt up to snuff .. really poor dining experience. Wait staff tried but you can feel how disgruntled they are and have had to deal with irate customers. I feel sorry for them.
5	Fried pickles? Seriously?? "Yep...we're sharing an order...you're going to love them."This from my co-workers in our Las Vegas office.Commuting to Las Vegas three times a week for eight years was a grind. Memphis made it tolerable. I reluctantly ate the fried pickles, dipping them into some kind of weird pink sauce. Fuck it, when in Rome, right?I ate everything on the menu in those eight years. I even ate things not on the menu. Like my own tongue, biting into the sneaky little fucker as it pretended it was the pulled pork. A regular occurrence here.I hate using clches, so I'll simply say the brisket isn't to die for, but is worth sustaining a serious life-threatening injury...like maybe a gunshot wound or something. It's just that good.
2	Good BBQ in Vegas? Championship BBQ? Keep dreamin pal, you won't find it here. If you want true Championship BBQ your first stop is McCarran, your second stop will be Texas, KC, Memphis (as in Tennessee), or North Carolina. But if you can't fly and don't want Sysco's sorry excuse for BBQ (Just add our magic sauce! served at lots of places in Vegas), you think of coming here. Service? Someone needs to hand them a dictionary with the term highlighted. Cruise Ships sail to Alaska faster than you'll see your server get around to you. Once you get service, be prepared to wait. Like I'll go pull up Google Play on my phone and look for the latest apps type wait. Once your food arrives it's meh. Sliders: 2 brisket, 1 chicken. Should be simple right? Boring, uninspired cuts of truly blah, barely above Sysco base grade meat slapped onto bread and sent out the kitchen like it's the best thing to ever grace a Las Vegas table is what you see. What you taste has you reaching for the sauce to smother it in while praying there's enough spice in the sauce to give your taste buds something to respond to. And let's touch on that sauce, it looks like someone left the water tap on a bit too long when making it. It's better than "Kraft" BBQ sauce, but that's about it. And the cole slaw is the most vinegary cole slaw I've ever had. So sour it made my face pucker. Bleech. When you walk in the door you see the trophies hanging on the wall. They're dusty. Because they're old. As in this place is resting on it's laurels and those laurels are getting old. The owner supposedly trucks in wood from the Midwest for his smoker. Puhleeze. You can't taste it. It's about like the sauce that's supposed to be hot. Yeah, right. Ugh. After that fusillade of negativity at least the potato salad and my wife's loaded baked potato didn't suck. In short  I've had American Royal Grand Champion BBQ, I've had true actively defended Championship BBQ in Texas. This ain't it. Memphis beats Famous Daves (and their shrines to excess sodium consumption), but it's nowhere near would it could be. 2 more positive things: The decor is not bad, and the "calliope" (cough, cough) by the register is worth a pull on the rope. It can surprise people not expecting it!(This place used to be great. I came here for lunch and even dinner a LOT. But the quality has fallen faster than someone doing the SkyJump off the Stratosphere. It's a shame too. So much lost potential!)Review based on last visit on 4/30/12, approx: 7:30 pm.
2	If you're looking for real Memphis/Texas/NC style BBQ, I will let you in on a little secret - you're not going to find it here.  I've only gotten take-out from Memphis before so I can't really speak to the service (although the people who work the take-out counter are nice enough), but I can speak about the food.  Growing up in the heart of BBQ country in North Carolina, I've come to have high expectations for my pork, expectations that we're not even close to met at Memphis.  The pulled pork is bland, the sauces are generic, the sides are mediocre (with the exception of the hush puppies), and the "championship winning" ribs are easily out-shined by what I can whip up on my $20 grill in my backyard.  I've given this place more than a few chances for redemption, each time I went back hoping that each previous experience was just a fluke, but alas this overpriced Q just doesn't come close to satisfying my expectations.  I've simply had to face the fact that good BBW in Vegas is still a dream unfulfilled.  If you've never had real BBQ, you might like it, but you've ever been east of the Mississippi and south of the Mason-Dixon, you'll be extremely underwhelmed.
1	If i could give this place zero stars I so would!Memphis CHAMPIONSHIP Barbecue? more like...Memphis Yuckyionship Barbecue!So we walk in and are "greeted" by these teenagers that just stare at us then after a minute of standing there they finally say something she asked how many i looked at the both of us counted and said uh two...duhSo we get seated the waitress takes our order we both order the "blue ribbon lunch special" for the main dish you can choose two meats and one side I chose the brisket and hot links with a side of baked beans. The brisket was EXTREMELY EXTREMELY  EXTREMELY DRY I cant stretch that enough! I thought I was chewing on a tire that had been left in the sahara desert for 20 years then taken to the sun for another 20 years thats how dry and rough the brisket was. The hot links were ok at best and the beans were just gross. The food came out cold and the service was awful the only time I saw our waitress was to get our order, drop off the food and drop the check, not once did she come back to check and see if the food was ok or even offer refills on our drinks. Horrible food (check)Bad service (check)Waste of 45 mins outta my life that I can never get back (check) Please avoid this place at all costs!
3	Frustratingly inconsistent.I know Mike Mills (not the REM bassist, sadly) is like the Alain Ducasse of BBQ. And there have maybe been like two times that I've eaten at Memphis Championship and kind of got a glimpse of what the fuss is all about - but the thing is, I've been there about seven or eight times.When the pulled pork actually tastes like smoke, it's a revelation - but half the time it's bland and stringy. Their baby back ribs were probably the driest, least tender ribs I've ever had at a 'que joint. Thankfully, the Magic Dust is legit - frankly the best part of eating Memphis Championship BBQ. It's not the sauce, it's not the meat, it's not the smoke - it's the dust.As for the all-important BBQ sides, the onion straws are addictive, and the fried dill pickles are awesome so long as you get to them before the inside of the pickle soaks through the breading. None of the other sides that I've tried really stand out.Their sweet tea is pretty off the hook though - I think they use apple blossom honey in it or something. It's like crack.I dunno. Maybe Mike Mills needs to come into Vegas and whip his kitchen into shape - because a place with this much hype around it and such a big name behind it - should be better.
3	Was invited here from one of our software vendor during a visit to Vegas and this was the place we decided to go.  Food was ok, I picked the pull pork and baby back ribs combo with fries and collard greens.  Pull pork was ok, not as tender as expected and a little tough, flavor was ok, added more sauce to enchance the flavor.  The baby back ribs was ok too, was not as tender as expected also.  Was surprised the order came out so quickly and the food was lukewarm.Service was quick and friendly, restaurant had a "classic" BBQ look.  Portions were ok.  I think there are other choices to consider in Vegas.
3	As Astro, the family dog on "The Jetson's" once said, "Ruh roh, Rorge!"... Sadly, things are not good at Memphis.I've been a loyal MCB and Mike Mills fan for well over a decade, and I've been regularly eating at various locations of the popular BBQ restaurant in Vegas for at least that long. My recent trip back this week for what was once divine, heavenly BBQ shattered my perception of a longtime favorite. The place was deserted on a Tuesday night, and unfortunately, now I know why... God help us all, the BBQ at MCB was NOT good on this visit... And after reading recent Yelp reviews, it appears that management is allowing the once high "Mills" standards to fall. The pork was greasy, stringy, not very flavorful, and not very smoky. The ribs were better than the pork, but still not what they used to be. Stellar meat, no longer...Service was slow and distracted, at best. Our server even felt so comfortable that he sat at another customer's table for 10 minutes or so, chatting.My usual sides of turnip greens and red beans and rice have been reduced from a decent size bowl to a tiny cup, but at least they were still delicious, as were the rolls and cinnamon butter.Mike, if you're listening, get your ass back to Vegas and crack the whip. The Rainbow location has already closed... It would TRULY be a shame to see MCB go down in flames
2	Are you kidding me with this place? I stopped in at Memphis BBQ because I was on a lunch break and I've been exploring this new part of town where I'm training for work. I figured I would pop in and just see how long a to-go order would take. Apparently not long... dependent upon what you happened to order. But they have a take-out menu located by the cashier area, so they must get a lot of take-outs anyway. The restaurant seemed quiet to me, but it could have been because it was just a  weird time of the day.I ended up ordering the "King" pulled-pork sandwich, which comes with two sides. I opted for french fries because I have been taking a medication that makes me sick unless I have a really big, hefty meal, and I decided to go lighter with my second side and got the cucumber salad (which the menu says is seasonal). Okay, so I sit back and wait.My meal comes out fairly quickly in a big styrofoam container and I make my way back to work. When I open my container I am greeted by fries and my sandwich wrapped in tinfoil. When I open the tinfoil... I couldn't have been more disappointed. This sandwich looked like it came slopped out of a school cafeteria - NOT a championship BBQ joint. Oh and the taste was the same. The bun was some horrible white-bread concoction I could get at a cheap company picnic. The meat had no flavor... no BBQ flavor at all! They did give me a container of sauce which I immediately dumped all over the meat, but it didn't have a kick to it... it was just kind of blah. The cucumber salad was not refreshing. It was soaked in a very, very sweet slime-sauce. I felt like I was eating straight-up high fructose corn syrup (and I probably was). The fries were uneventful, just fries, nothing more.I highly doubt I would give Memphis BBQ another try. I'd probably just go to Famous Dave's if I wanted mediocre BBQ.
2	This place was not very good. I went here with my girlfriend who is from Florida. She constantly reminded me that "this place isn't real barbecue".We ordered the 4 meat 2 side combo. It sounds like a lot, but it wasn't. Everything was just OK. It wasnt horrible. But its just generic barbecue. The brisket was good. Ribs we're ok. Chicken was just ok and the pulled pork was sub-par. It basically was like famous daves. Nothing stood out. The service was good, the food just didn't do much for me.
1	Wow! I honestly felt robbed after leaving this place! Food was disgusting, soggy and EXPENSIVE it didn't even taste good to the point where I was wow'ed! Normally wouldn't mind paying a bit for a new place that I've never tried before, but this place made me feel hopeless and confused! Never again!
3	I could write a scathing rant about the lack of good BBQ in Sin City. I could also write about how shitty some of the meats at MCBBQ were. But instead I'll point out the good things I tried and worth coming back for. (avoid the pulled pork and brisket btw)The Deviled Eggs tasted just like my mothers, this is a very good thing. St. Louis ribs were awesome! Great smokey flavor and pull off the bone tender. Last thing I really liked about this place was the friendly outgoing service.They do have a drive thru which is pretty awesome and convenient.
5	I love their butter.  So dang good.  The brisket was wonderful! so delicious, moist, and have so much flavor.  I love it how they serve your drinks in a jar.  good service.  would love to come back again. :)
1	Not so good, I eat BBQ all over the country and this was dry bland and just flat out not good.
3	I ate here a couple of weeks ago and used to get excited about eating BBQ in this joint but somehow, the quality has gone downhill. The food seemed better at their West Side location that closed last September. I tried the ribs, sausage, pork shoulder and they did not have burnt ends which is one reason why I like this restaurant. I even ordered a 2nd plate to see if the burnt ends were ready and they were not. I've eaten BBQ from coast to coast and might give this place one more shot. The staff is definitely friendly and accomodating but the BBQ is not the same!
3	I am a barbecue snob - from the heart of barbecue (North Carolina) where I get both styles (Eastern barbecue - vinegar based and Western barbecue - tomato based)So, had to at least try Memphis Championship Barbecue during my recent visit to Vegas.Truth in advertising - I stopped by for a late dinner about 30 minutes before closing which may account for the review that follows.I had the 2 meat combination platter consisting of pork and "burnt ends" which is brisket that is generally double smoked with the sides of vinegar based coleslaw and baked beans with hushpuppies and rolls.The pork was acceptable, nothing exceptional.  The burnt ends left quite a bit to be desired.  They were dry and tough - not what I expect from my barbecue.  Coleslaw and beans were tasty and hushpuppies were fair.So my meal wasn't quite as good as I would have liked, but getting the meal right before closing might have had something to do with that.  I would give them a try again, but would ensure it was during the main dinner hour so there could not be any excuses for the meat.
4	The baby backs were pretty good. Sides weren't bad, creamed cord was more cream then corn. Beans were a nice blend of pinto kidney and Lima. I think the banana pudding was from a can
2	The food here is always awesome..however, the last three times we have been here including today the service was absolutely awful! We got our food before our drinks...the meal was an hour and a half and most of it was waiting on the waitress to bring drinks food etc...a shame really
2	After having seen this restaurant on the Food Network and looking at the reviews our family decided to go there when we were visiting Las Vegas earlier this week.  We arrived at 5pm on  Monday August 20th and were greeted and seated right away.  Our server was very attentive and came back several times during the meal to check on us and make sure our drinks were full etc.  So the service was great...the food eh not so great.  We ordered the pick 3 sampler platter with fried pickles (good but a little too salty, smoked wings (fair...definitely had better elsewhere), burnt ends (flavor was good but on the dry side.  We decided to order the family style dinner so that we could try a little of everything.....Pulled pork (dry, flavorless), Brisket (dry, flavorless) Chicken (tender & good), Baby Back Ribs (Great flavor but still on the dry side), Smoke Sausage (super spicy, good flavor but again meat was dry).  Overall the plate of meat was lukewarm at best which would indicate that they did not slice & plate everything at the same time leading items to get cold before they reached the table. The sides, coleslaw (good), creamed corn(excellent), baked beans (super spicy).  We tried 3 of the BBQ sauces and none of them were anything to write home about.  I wished we had ordered individual meals and perhaps the food would have arrived hot & been more moist.  However we probably will never go back as there are too many other restaurants in Vegas so giving second shot to a restaurant is not worth another $100+ bill.
4	Yay! I am a fan! I think what I liked most about this place is that since it's not as well known as Famous Dave's or Lucille's there was no wait and it wasn't as crowded. Usually, I would take that as an omen that the food wouldn't be very good, but it definitely satisfied my BBQ cravings.Fried pickles: ooo you have to order this! It is a must! Little dill pickle chips fried to crispy perfection. The perfect little salty snack to go with your beer before your platter of meat arrives haha.Meat: Chicken was very tender and falls off the bone. The baby back ribs were flavorful and juicy. My fiance raved about the burnt ends! I guess they take little burnt ends off of the brisket and they cook them again in some sauces and create this new magnificent dish! Gotta try! Hot links: very spicy! The one con that we had was the pork shoulder was a little dry, but we drenched it in BBQ sauce and it jumped back to life!Overall, this place is A-OK in my little Black BBQ Book. Oh and P.S. i licked my bowl of baked beans clean... so you can't go wrong with those by your side!
2	I've eaten here several times however it's primarily been out of convenience and not because the food is that outstanding.  Now I will admit that I probably don't know or understand what "real" BBQ is.  However, I do know that BBQ is a process and not to be rushed.  Everything about this place to me seems rushed and not in a good way.  I've been to many BBQ places and there is a usually a sense of pride when presenting the dish.  Here....well it seems the focus is put more on the get in and get out mentality.Now I understand the economics of the situation.  The more customers you get through the door, the more mighty dollars will go in the pocket. Yeah, that is my Econ 101 class for the day.  With that being said, you don't have to serve something mediocre to enhance that dollar.  Now this is just me talking but if it were me (and it's not), I would strive for that repeat customer and make a BBQ that everyone is going to talk about and want to return to.  I just don't feel like that is the case here.  IMO, the best thing on the menu is their chili.  It's not the first thing I think of when it comes to BBQ but it does taste homemade and is hearty enough to fill ones appetite.  If you must go with something that you can sink your teeth into, I would suggest either the hot links, the catfish or the KC Burger.  All are pretty sold choices and I haven't been let down by any of them.  With regards to their brisket or pulled pork?  Well they are covered in so much slaw, it's hard to tell if there is any meat within the sandwich itself.Service can be hit or miss. There's been times where we've been treated like kings and others where it has felt as though we didn't exist.  I guess that all depends on the particular server and the time of day that you are there.
5	Great bbq, best place outside the Vegas strip
3	I like Memphis!  Not the greatest BBQ but great for a franchise and better than a lot of independent places that people rave about.   I've been to Memphis several times and the meat is always consistent, they uses a dry rub so at least you can taste some flavor.  Sometimes the meat is a bit tough but never nothing that was a huge issue.  Sides are pretty good too.
5	My decades long quest for the best BBQ in the country has ended. This is it. It is the real deal. Try it. You won't be disappointed. Fabulous.
4	I finally had the opportunity to taste some fixins from MCB and it was delicious and free as they catered my Company event today.What we had to try out was pulled chicken and or pulled pork sandwiches, baked beans and coleslaw.The baked beans were very very good and the coleslaw was sweet and moist. I liked it a lot and I am picky when it comes to coleslaw as I like mine on the sweeter side!It was really good I have to say and their catering employees serving the food are very friendly and informative.Their BBQ sauce is a bit less sweet and more watery than I am used to. I usually like a thicker and more sweeter BBQ sauce.I will be back, I even brought a plate home for my boyfriend and he really enjoyed it as well :)We will have to come in and check out the restaurant by dining in as well.
1	This was one of the worst I have ever had or reviewed. No, it was THE WORST now that I think about it. I'm easy to please, just read my other reviews. I understand the "casual dining" concept and as long as the food is average, the beer cold, the service decent, and the room clean, it gets an A in my book. This place gets an F.Specifically, I ordered the half rack of ribs and a side of mac and cheese and mash potatoes. The food arrived 3 minutes after I ordered it! Now, I understand that in a place like this the food has to be cooked in advance.But 3 minutes!? It looked and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. The ribs were pure fat and the mashed taters were lumps of paste. It wasn't edible.I reserve my special distaste for the service. Yes, it was fast, but when I asked what beers they had the waitress said that she didn't know because she didn't drink beer! She went back to the kitchen to find out and upon her return had trouble pronouncing such foreign beers such as "budweiser" and "coors"The best part was the check.We had an AMEX prepaid gift card, good wherever AMEX is accepted, including Memphis BBQ. Our waitress returned the card to our table with the excuse that the cash register had never been set up for this. At this point we just wanted to get out of there so I paid with my regular green AMEX card which, surprise, surprise, was accepted with no problem!Now, to be clear, the restaurant was clean and the food came quickly. But the management really needs to get a handle on food quality and provide some basic training for their employees. This slice of the casual dining market is very competitive and their are much better places to go than this place.
5	We were regular customers of Memphis until we moved from the area.  I'm surprised by some of the negative reviews.  We loved the food there and usually ordered the baby back ribs, barbecue chicken (so moist), a few sides, chef's salad, hot corn muffins, Sunday fried chicken special (delicious and excellent deal!), the breakfast they started in 2010 (yum!), and ALWAYS the bread pudding.  Memphis meals were some of the most satisfying meals we had on a regular basis and the portions were sized great too. Sometimes the baby backs were slightly overcooked, but mostly they were consistently moist and that beautiful color inside. Neither me nor my husband has ever been a brisket or burnt ends fan, so we can't speak for that, but I suspect most of the negative reviews are one time visits.  That's too bad.  We always got great service at MCB.  It's a simple place, where a lot of locals visit, so it was our go to barbecue restaurant.  I've had first-hand experience with the management, and they would go out of their way to satisfy a customer.  Give them a shot.
1	The plan for the night was to go out with a couple of our friends and grab some dinner and then hang out. Just like every other time you start making plans for dinner we started out him hawing around and not really knowing where we planned on going until someone threw out Lucille's in the district. Yes, I completely understand that is a chain but at the same time they have awesome food and great sweet tea. As the waiting began some plans changed and we ended up deciding that we would go to Memphis Championship BBQ. Walking into this place is like walking into an old country setting which I obviously understand since it a BBQ joint but the place was dead. This didn't make too much sense to me since from what I have heard it is "THE" best Barbecue in town.... Our table ordered a few different appetizers to start. The Fried Pickles, Hot link and smoked Cheese and the Onion strings. The appetizers were good, the fried pickles stand out in the bunch but then comes the meal. Now to be honest I was let down by the menu choices, particularly the sides, it was really run of the mill. Green beans, mac and cheese, mashed potatoes and steamed veggies. After deciding on the 2 meat combo Burnt ends and pulled pork shoulder I settled for Mac and cheese and steamed veggies as the sides. Now for the meat and potatoes of this review, no pun intended. The waitress came to the table with our meals and the first thing that popped into my mind was, " for the price this is pretty chintzy"  when I think BBQ I think large portions, sauce all over the place, Tangy Spicy goodness and unfortunately in this case It was the complete opposite, small portions, lacking sauce and overall flavor. My Burnt end which looked like a small pile of beef jerky nuggets could not me much more dry so I attempted to see if they had any buoyancy and floated them in the BBQ sauce that is on the table. As for the pork shoulder, well it was pulled pork shoulder with a splash of sauce in the middle of the pile, it was definitely lacking. I can deal with bad BBQ meat, it is a matter of just covering it in BBQ sauce and covering the flavors but the sides which are supposed to be like the back up singers are to lady gaga were much more like the closing of the coffin for the place. The steamed veggies looked and tasted as if they do a daily steaming and just serve them all day until they run out, wilted and dry and terrible flavor and the mac and cheese was just eh. From everything I have read about this place it sounds like it may have been the king pit in town at one point but over time some things tend to change, and this must be one of them because i honestly think taking a seat and the table of famous Dave would be a better option at this point, this is sad because of the history this place seems to have in the BBQ industry here in Vegas and well.... It was my first and last trip here.
5	Place has really good BBQ, probably the best BBQ I've found in Vegas, which is in itself surprising.  Service is always spot on, place is clean, they have a fireplace going when it's cold outside, and the food comes out really fast! So it's a great spot for a quick lunch.I typically get the roasted chicken, baked potato, and/or collard greens. Depends on how hungry I am, but I never finish it. I typically only finish half and take the other half home.  Their smoked turkey and brisket are both really good as well.They don't have as many bbq sauces as Famous Dave's, which I would prefer they did, but the 2 they have are pretty good.Lastly, try the apple flavored unsweetened tea, mmmm mm good!
4	Amazing pulled pork sammiches and Arnie Palmers. Service is always fast and friendly!
1	Cold Meat. Seriously. For a BBQ place, this is a Cardinal Sin. After a very long day at work nobody wanted to cook so we ended up at Memphis. And as I typically do I ordered Memphis sliders. 2 brisket, one chicken, with potato salad and baked beans as the sides. It's pretty damn bad when the baked beans were hotter than the meat on the sliders. I sent it back, they "re-fired" it and brought it back out. The second time around the meat on the sliders was about as hot as a bottle of water left in a car on a cold day in January. There's only one way to say it. IT SUCKED. I'm from Kansas City and I've ate a hella lot of BBQ...maybe a bit too much as I'm not a small guy. But out of all that BBQ I've never, EVER in 30 years had to send it back to the kitchen to be reheated. EVER. I've had it too hot due to sauce. I've had it get singed and the tips burned a little. But too cold? NEVER. Shame, shame, shame. When you call yourself a BBQ joint and you can't even heat the damn meats to proper temperatures, one star is all you're gonna get.(I looked back at my last review, it's clear now that this place is going down hill. I really like my BBQ and I really want them to go back to the quality and taste of what I used to get for lunch from them. I get hungry and tired and my bad experience memory fades then hope for a better experience kicks in and I agree to go back...and I end up being crushed with disappointment. At least this time the service didn't suck!)
1	As I went to write this, I read cold meat in another review, andl they were not kidding.  My entire meal was cold to the point where I will be calling the health department as it is not safe to keep meat at this temperature.  The brisket had more fat than meat and the hot link was so old there was no moisture in it at all. The yeast rolls may have seen an oven a day or to ago and looked like they were par baked.  Only someone forgot to finish baking them, also stone cold.  $40 down the drain and NEVER EATING HERE AGAIN!
2	Below average Q that seems to be spotty in terms of service.The beef links are tough and chewy with an off taste about them.Ribs are hit and miss(sometimes dried out and tough).Wings are lacking.Sauces are forgettable.Turkey is OK,one of the few positives.
1	****AVOID**** RIPOFF ALERT**** ****AVOID***** RIPOFF ALERT****Went there for lunch with a co-worker.  Waited over 1/2 hr to be served.  The service was the slowest ever.  The place was not busy.  The waiter, Shawn, did not really care.  We got the food and it was moderate at best. Here is the RIPOFF part.  When we got the bill we were charged $15.99 dinner price for the 2 meat meal.  It should have been $9.99 + $1 for the extra side, making it $10.99.  I explained to the waiter that were charged the wrong price, but he explained that the price would be the same so he charged us the dinner price?!?!?!?  I didn't understand, so he said he would get the menu and come to explain.  He NEVER came back.  It was 1 hr. 1/2 into our lunch time at that time and we had to go.  I WILL NEVER EAT THERE AGAIN.  The food being mediocre at best, but the service and the fact that the Shawn, the waiter, lied and charged us more for our meal is unacceptable.  There are a lot better BBQ places here in Las Vegas!
2	The people up front are nice but my pickup order was cold and the food was HIGHLY mediocre.  I wish I could say it was better but its really just  not good.
4	Very good cornbread!Sweet style sauce.
3	Food was ok. I got the 2 meat lunch with side okra and cucumber salad. Pork shoulder was dry and burnt ends wasn't anything special. Maybe I just got the wrong things but they had a star next to it so its supposed to be a customer favorite? I did like the cucumber salad and fried okra. The bread was warm and soft and the butter had a special flavor (honey, I believe). The apple blossom sweet tea is good too. They put the drinks in large mason jars which is cute. If you still have room for something sweet, finish off your meal with the banana pudding. Our server was really attentive and sweet. I only gave it 3 stars because the entrees didnt impress me. If I do return, Ill try the ribs... but it will be hard to top Phils BBQ in San Diego.
2	It pains me to give this place only two stars.  I worked here for awhile some 14 years ago and every time I come to visit Vegas (usually once a year) I come by for lunch before leaving town. It has always been great, up until today's visit. To begin with the good: the server was great. Forgot her name. She was also bartending. The chicken was great as well. The rest was disappointing. Both my wife's and my pulled pork was room temperature at best. Wife's brisket was cold as well and so were her fries. Most disappointing of all was that my favorite thing there, red beans and rice, was bland and yet another item to be room temperature at best. My wife and I left in a funk, wondering what has happened to our favorite Vegas BBQ restaurant. Shortcuts? Apathy? Cost cutting measures?
1	We just returned home, Indiana,from Vegas.  Four of us.  We ask " What was the least favorite thing we did in Vegas.  We all said Memphis Barbecue.  I'm not sure who is writing some of these reviews, but, Do not waste your money here! Sauce was watered down, but I don't think I would have liked it anyway.  Cole slaw was spoiling, turning yellow, magic dust was great on the macaroni and cheese, onion rings were good. Very disappointing, especially after all of the awards they had received thirteen years.  Don't eat here!
4	The best thing about this place is Carrie - one of the waitresses. The staff is super friendly and attentive, especially Carrie. The food could have been better. The St. Louis ribs were pretty yummy, and they made me a yummy, strong margarita, but the sides were only so-so.  Mac & cheese was ok. Coleslaw had good flavor but was swimming in dressing...
3	I stopped at the Memphis BBQ before flight out of LV airport.  Near the auto-mall.  I sat in the bar area to catch some sports. Very friendly waitress.  Ordered ice tea and Memphis Mini Sliders - pork brisket, chicken, hot link.  The brisket and pulled chicken were dry.  They provide their own BBQ at table but did not help the fact that the pork and chicken were so dry.  I arrived at 12:30 pm so I cannot imagine it was cooking all day to get so dry.  Friendly service!
4	Having been a fan of 17th Street in Murphysboro I was hopeful for the same taste in Las Vegas.  I got the baby back ribs, which was my standard order back in Illinois, and they were close, but not as good as the original.  I would still call this the best BBQ in Las Vegas, but it could still be better.  Everyone else enjoyed their food as well, including the sides and various BBQ meats.  Overall I would recommend this place, it is just not quite as good as the original.
3	I haven't been here in a really long time, but my OG Ryan B came to meet me for lunch and we decided to try Memphis Championship. I have never been a big fan of this place or even BBQ in general. The service was really spotty today. It took quite some time for someone to come take our drink order and then another long wait to place our order. Our server was friendly but another server had to keep checking on us since she noticed that we were waiting long periods of time without being waited on.I decided on The King lunch and my lunch date ordered the BBQ burger. She kept forgetting what he wanted and came back twice to check with him. At that point, just write it down if you can't remember. Finally our food came out after nearly 30 minutes and by that time I was in a rush to get back to work. I asked for the check immediately when our food came out. We rushed through our food and I was happily back at work in time, but the slow service almost did me in, so I might have to steer clear from them when I'm in a rush. Otherwise, the food was good and I enjoyed the cream corn and their BBQ sauce quite a bit. The prices are really great for lunch too.
1	I don't have the desire or energy to write a very long review for this place. Long story short.. Super slow service & nasty food. The sides tasted store-bought & like they had been sitting around for a few hours before being served to us. Hubby held his mac n cheese upside down & the stuff never moved!! The baby back ribs were bland & fatty & the pulled pork was so dry. No amount of BBQ sauce could have saved it. Ugh, SO far off the mark. I hate wasting our hard earned money on crap food. Should have known better when I noticed their so called awards above the front entrance were from the 90's.. Maybe it's time to drop the "championship" from the name?!
1	It sounded like a good idea to give Memphis another try yet again. Being from Kansas City, one of America's 4 BBQ capitals sometimes you get a craving for BBQ and nothing else will do. But the last couple of times my fiancee and I have went to Memphis it's sucked. Let's just do this...here we go. 1: You call to get on the wait list. Then when you get there...you still have to wait even when people who came in behind you get seated first. 2: Slow service. Seriously...I had to get my own kids menu from the front counter. 3: Enjoy the bread. One basket is all you'll get. 4: Take your time figuring out what you want to eat. Your waiter will be so slow you can reread the menu 5 times, heck pull out your phone and Google the owner's name, Mike Mills. You've got PLENTY of time! 5: More lukewarm food. Seriously, it's a BBQ place. I'm all for slow cooking, but dang, put some heat in it before you bring it to the table, and I'm talking physical temp, not heat measured in scoville units. 6: Where's the Magic Dust? It tasted good on prior visits, but our table was missing a bottle of it this time around. 7: Spicy sauce. There's nothing like having to ask for and then finally someone brings out a clogged up bottle of sauce to show just how much the staff gives a damn about the product they're bringing to the table. And the spicy sauce was an absolute ******* disgrace that anyone who claims to know anything about good BBQ would never, EVER send to the table. 8: Yeah, my tea is empty, and my plate isn't finished. Why yes, I would like a refill...oh wait, you're too busy flirting with the blond at the table across from us to even notice our empty tea glasses. Sorry guy, she was too cute for you and your chances of getting her phone number are the same as me winning Megabucks, Powerball, and MegaMillions in the same week. Ain't ever gonna happen. 9: Onion straws. This dish should be labeled as a "tribute to Crisco" dish. At least the table has a big roll of paper towels, perfect for spitting something back out. 10: The brisket...was not bad, except for the fact it was cold. 11: I think one of the types of meat was chicken. But if I was in front of a judge and had to say under oath what I thought it was I would have to say I honestly didn't know. This visit was so bad I cringed at even leaving a 15% tip. I know the wait staff needs tips to make a living, but this was just bad. And I can't reward bad food and crappy service no matter how sympathetic I want to be. 1 Star. And this time I gotta add Memphis to my Jackassery! List because yes, I think even having a Jackass kicking over a BBQ grill would still be an improvement over what was served to me tonight. (Yelp 100 in 2013 Challenge #17)
1	This is a difficult review to write because my server at Memphis Championship Barbecue (MCB) was just one of the nicest, sweetest people you'll ever have the privilege of meeting.  But she was in no way responsible for the quality (or rather, complete lack thereof) of the food.  For an appetizer, I tried the onion strings with "magic dust."  The onion strings tasted like they were frozen food thrown into a deep fryer, and the magic dust tasted like, well, just dust.  Guilty confession here, I have been known, at times, to secretly enjoy frozen food fresh out of the deep fryer.  But only if the quality of the frozen food was decent, which was clearly not the case with these onion strings.But you don't go to a BBQ joint for the appetizers and sides, you're looking to dig into the ribs, right?  The MCB menu boasts that Mike Mills' ribs have won several prestigious BBQ competitions.  If that's true, then there's no way Mike Mills still owns or operates MCB because any self-respecting BBQ judge would have spat out the ribs I was served.  First of all, as one who grew up in Barbecue Country (Kansas City), I can spot barbecue fraud from a mile away.  What's barbecue fraud, you ask?  BBQ fraud is baked, as opposed to wood-smoked.  You will never see a wisp of smoke coming out of Famous Dave's, Lucille's, or MCB.  And if it ain't smoked, it ain't barbecue.  By just baking the meat, you avoid all the grime, heat, and eye-burning smoke of wood-smoking.  The problem is that the baked fraud stuff is mediocre at best (Lucille's, for example) and horrible at worst (MCB).  The MCB ribs were fatty (the smoking, or baking, process should be long enough to render most of the fat out of the ribs), the dry rub had no discernible flavor, and the sauce tasted like the generic bottled variety.  OMG, Worst. Ribs. Ever.Because I have such a vicious sweet tooth, a half-decent dessert does much to wipe away the memory of a bad meal.  If only the dessert at MCB were even half-decent.  I would have settled for quarter-decent.  I got the banana pudding, which tasted like an instant pudding mix.  And not even a decent, name-brand instant pudding mix but some cheap, generic substitute.  Blech! it was an awful way to end truly awful meal.There are only three BBQ joints in Las Vegas that wood-smoke their meat:  Top Notch, Rollin' Smoke, and Annie's Kitchen.  I love both Top Notch and Rollin' Smoke, eat at both places often.  Never tried Annie's, but I'll have to go sometime because I hear from a fellow BBQ-loving Kansas Citian that it's terrific.  I wouldn't eat at MCB again if you paid me.
4	Food was excellent...service was ok. Deep fried pickles....yummy.
3	The staff is nice, big portions and food is good, but not great.
5	I'm really not big on big chain restaurants but it has been years since I have eaten at this Memphis BBQ. I can't say much about the last tie I ate there but there must have been a reason. When ordering, I told the waitress that the last time I came was disappointing and I was excited to try again, years later. As you can tell from the five stars, this a trip was much better.I ordered a three meat combo with hot links, brisket, and burnt ends. The sides were baked beans and framed corn. My wife had the chicken fried chicken smothered in country gravy with a baked sweet potato and baked beans. As we waited for our food, the waitress brought us some rolls with honey butter and let us know that the chicken was made from scratch and it took a few extra minutes to make sure it was cooked thoroughly. When our food came, it looked and smelled great. I am always a little concerned about ordering burnt ends as man times it comes tough and dry. These burnt ends were perfect. Full of flavor and tender with just a touch of fat. The hot links were tender and not over cooked with just the right amount of spice and the brisket was tender and juicy. The baked beans at Memphis are always great. Just the right amount of sweet and the beans are tender without being mushy. Many places try to make creamed corn and many places are unsuccessful. My creamed corn was perfect. Again, just the right amount of sweet and the texture of the corn was great.My wife's chicken was juicy and perfectly fried with a flavorful country gravy. Her sweet potato was covered in all the fattening toppings and very tender.We both took boxes of food home and look forward to the leftovers. I have learned over the years, that leftovers should be taken home for two reasons only. One, if you have a dog and two if you plan on eating them. I rarely take leftovers home but there was no way I was leaving this food.Wether Memphis BBQ got a new cook, a new staff, or just made a few changes, it works so keep it up. I have become very hard t please when it come the food and I was truly pleased with this dining experience.Great dinner Memphis BBQ. I can't wait to come back.
5	Excellent food and service.
1	If this is BBQ then give me bread and water.  Bland meats, turkey is dry as the desert outside. Red beans and rice is overly salty. The cucumber salad was decent though.
2	Let me say first that this USED to be my favorite restaurant in town.  I referred everyone I know to eat here.  That was a couple years ago. I don't know what's happened lately but it's gotten bad. About six months ago I was served ribs that were microwaved, yes microwaved with that familiar super tough dry consistency and discoloration in the bones that only a microwave does.  I sent the food back and didn't eat.  A couple months ago I am craving Mike Mill's BBQ because of the memory of how it used to be so I gave it another chance.  Again ordered ribs and brisket. Brisket was cold and tasted like a 2 day old left over roast from the fridge, tough and dry.  My ribs tasted off.  The meat had the smoke ring as it should but under that was disgusting. The meat was a weird grey color. These ribs were cooked from rotten meat and if that wasn't bad enough they were microwaved gain.  I sent this meal back as well.  My wife sent hers back as well. Even the sides were bad.  The hush puppies were super dark almost looked burnt but were raw dough in the center. The server refunded our meal and said don't give up on them yet. I could hear someone getting yelled at in the kitchen when we sent our food back that they cost him a customer.  I really didn't want to give up on them. I gave them one last shot last weekend. Mike Mill's was in town for the Best Damm BBQ cook off in Boulder City so I thought it would be better with him around.  We went in Friday afternoon and me and my wife ordered baby back ribs. This time they send us cold meat that was weird again. Yes the meat was ROTTEN AGAIN! Disgusting again. I know what bad meat looks like, and this was bad.  That was strike three. From someone who came  here every birthday, several Thanksgivings and other special occasions, I give up.  Its apparent that there is no longer quality control and the management is grossly incompetent. PLEASE MIKE MILLS FIX IT!
5	pulled pork at it's best, the sweet potato is just tremendous and do not forget to start with some deep fried pickles...service is very good, food come's out pretty fast so be ready
2	Came here for dinner tonight.. since its 4th of July my mom and I decided to feast on some BBQ.It's been awhile since I last came here, and I had lunch back then, so this time we ordered off the dinner menu.We split the 3 combo plate & had the St. Louis ribs, brisket, and burnt ends. We also had a choice of 2 sides;  we got the mashed potatoes with gravy and veggies.The entire order was disappointing. I remember now why I don't really like red meat anymore. The BBQ sauce wasn't that good. The side of mashed potatoes was very sorry tasting and the veggies were very sorry looking (probably came out of a can and just warmed up).  The only thing we enjoyed was the apple sweet tea and bread that came before the main course.They weren't that busy when we came around 6pm, so the servers were attentive. I also liked how our server gave us a sample of sweet tea as well before placing an order. However the food was disappointing. I doubt I will be making a repeat visit.
1	Before  I rant... the Manager did take one of the plates off our bill...so that was a plus. We looked up the best BBQ places in Vegas (Google) and this place was at the top. Looking over the reviews on Yelp we figured it was going to be good. I ordered the pork sandwich with potato salad. My wife ordered the brisket plate with mash potatoes and collard greens. My meal... it's hard to describe... the pork at no flavor at all...it's topped with coleslaw and BBQ sauce. I added salt...magic dust...and two kinds of BBQ sauce to get some sort of flavor going. The potato salad tasted store bought. My wife's plate.  Brisket.... brisket should be fork tender... no knife should ever be needed. It lacked flavor as well... and was tough/chewy.  She thought it had the consistency of boiled meat. The greens tasted like they were from a can... no flavor/seasoning. The mashed potatoes...straight from a box.  (her meal was taken off the bill as she didn't eat 95% of it.) When you walk in to the place... you see the grand champion signs from 12 years ago over the doors... maybe this was a killer BBQ place back then... but... I can't say the same for it now. I would not recommend this place off the experience we had. I'm sure there are many more BBQ joints in Vegas worth trying...Will not be going back.
1	Let me start by saying....I used to be a big fan of this place. I would bring visiting friends there, recommend it to my clients from out of town as a must visit and eat, but that was years ago. When service was top notch, the portions were plentiful, and the food was great.Now, when I receive a plate here (pulled port sandwich), I wonder what happened?My food was absolutely tasteless, and the sweet side potato which I paid $4 (price+tax+tip)....or should I say "my half a sweet potato" was clearly cut in half to add to the bottom line. It's a far cry from when they served decent portions of tasty food. It makes me wonder what other short cuts they have considered. I didn't realize there was a national shortage of sweet potato and a well dressed, cooked potato could cost me over $8 American dollars.When I asked the Manager about the portion size, he simply stated "that's how we do it".Thank you, but no thanks!
2	Not so much... The spot is right next to my house and I was really hoping I'd love it but... No. We got wings, Mac n cheese, ribs, frenchfries and bread pudding and everything tasted as if it was just defrosted and thrown in a microwave. Yeah, don't see myself ever eating here again...
1	Sadly, the most recent reviews seem to indicate MCB is on the decline.I used to LOVE this place.  It was my "go to" BBQ restaurant in Vegas.  When I worked down the street, I ate lunch there 3-5 times a month, sometimes more.  When they closed the one near my house, I looked forward to trips across town as a chance to sneak in lunch at MCB.No more. Likely, never again.The burnt ends were dry and sugary. The brisket was tough. The pork shoulder was a wet mess. The mac and cheese was gummy and dry. The sweet rolls were stale and cold. And, the fried pickles, a personal favorite, were burned and greasy.  The only things that were as I remembered were the apple sweet tea and cinnamon sugar butter for the rolls.Making matters worse, everything cost more and the portions were smaller.  I might have been OK with this if the quality was there, but it was not.It is a sad day for BBQ fans in Vegas.
2	Mike MillsIn the early 90's, Mike Mills basically owned BBQ competitions.  Currently, he has about 3 locations in Illinois & 2 in Las Vegas.  This particular location was very large, complete with a bar in the middle.  However, it also appears that it has had no upkeep since it was built.  Chairs and walls were missing paint.  Arrived at 11 am and left at noon on Friday.  I was 1 of 5 tables seated and 3 of those tables only had 1 person.  On to the food.As a competition BBQ judge, I would have judged it as:          Ribs       4 (Appearance)   6 (Taste)  5 (Tenderness)          Brisket   3 (Appearance)   3 (Taste)  2 (Tenderness)We judge from 2-9.  2 being inedible, 6 being average & 9 being excellent.  These numbers would not get you in the top 10 of a competition.I got 2 meats and two sides for $13.  The baby back ribs were the smallest I have ever seen and way over cooked.  The flavor wasn't bad though.  The brisket was under cooked, and then appeared to be warmed on a flat top prior to giving it to me.  It was dry, you know the kind of dry that you see in Las Vegas, dry.  The greens were ok - actually the best thing I was given.  The slaw was a vinegar based slaw.  It felt to me, that the cabbage had been soaking in vinegar and then pulled out and given to me. Two BBQ sauces on the table, both good.  A sign on the table helping you to vote them as the best BBQ in Vegas.  I sincerely hope that this is not the best in Vegas...It would appear that Mike's recipe has been lost and if he doesn't pay attention, his business will be lost too.  Now, since we are in Vegas, care to wager whether or not I hear from any management?  I bet not.
1	Sad this place has gone down hill, as other have mentioned lately. Just ate here with same disappointment. The brisket was dry, pulled pork had NO flavor, the hot links were cheap tasting. The service by Carrie was good. Don't waste your monies.....
5	My husband and I took my parents there for my Mom's 83 birthday dinner on October 12th.  We had asked for a booth in the back (as it is quieter, my dad is hard of hearing) and they accommodated us with no problem.  Our waiter Patrick, was excellent very attentive, helpful with the menu and making recommendations as this was my husband's and my first time. We were very pleased with our meals (of which we had to take some home) and my husband is very particular with his BBQ meat dishes.
4	OMG!! So flippin good! The apple ice tea, and the ribs are to die for! The wait staff is friendly, and helpful.If you like BBQ this is the place to go in Vegas! No really, the only place to go in Vegas for BBQ!!Burnt ends are so good here, the ribs are amazing.. Lot's of food, bring rubber pockets, or get a to go bag you will most likely need it.
1	Went to pick up lunch today, walked in and waited more than a few minutes before I even saw an employee. Finally placed an order, and the employee disappeared with my credit card to the back. Employee returned with the receipt to sign and it took several more minutes for my food.I got to my friend's house not far away, and despite the fact it had been less than 5 minutes, the fries were already cold and not that great. Baked beans had a weird flavor and were also kind of cold. Finally, the pulled pork sandwich was also underwhelming and cold. Sauce had way too much vinegar. Cole slaw looked disgusting, like it had been made several days before.They probably still could have salvaged a second star, except that the customer service managed to drop even after I had left. I realized after I got home that when the employee disappeared with my credit card, she failed to bring it back. So I called, to verify that that's where I left it. I explained the situation to more than one employee and was repeatedly put on hold. They confirmed that she kept my card when she swiped it, but they refused to mail it back to me. Apparently they have a policy that they can only give it back to me if I come in, in person, and show ID. This place is across town, and there's no way I'm driving an hour round-trip to go pick up my card. I just don't see how this policy is anything but nonsense. Do they really think that someone else would figure out that my card was missing, and then be able to figure out where I left it before I do, and then intercept it, and then manage to make fraudulent charges? The whole thing is ridiculous. Not to mention that if they just had a credit card machine up in the front, where they take all of the takeout orders, this never would have happened.All-in-all, I wish I would have passed, what started as a mediocre, over-priced lunch managed to turn into a real headache.
4	Good food, fairly good service. I go there once every few months for some brisket or chicken. I love that their water and drinks comes in mason jars. Their homemade sauces and rubs make the place good as well.
4	I have eaten here several times.  The most recent visit was last week.  I had the sausage with hush puppies, collard greens, and deviled eggs. It was delicious.   Everything was well seasoned with a good kick to it.  The portions were good sized and even though I got take-out, it was hot and fresh.  I love this bbq place!
5	This is our sixth year at MBBQ for Thanksgiving, third year at this location, to have our family turkey dinner. The food is amazing and $17 per adult is amazing for all-you-can-eat without going to a casino buffet. Bonus-they send leftovers home with you and there's no spending your morning cooking and evening cleaning. Couldn't be happier! Servers Shawn and Shelly were fantastic!! See you next year!
5	10th year in a row that I've had my Thanksgiving feast catered by MCB, and the food was as tremendous as always. From the turkeys to all the sides, everything was simply delicious. Leftovers for a week! Thanks to Markini and her staff for always making the process so easy.
1	I was craving ribs and fortunately, my gf was nearby Memphis "championship" BBQ. Note that we been here before and loved the food. so tonight we ordered whole BBQ chicken and full slab of babyback ribs. Ordered 2 Mac n cheeses, fries n hush puppies. Instead they replaced 1 Mac w BBQ beans normally I wouldn't mind but it had an off put taste. I didn't eat it. Mac was like albertsons bought n hush puppies were burnt outside n not cooked thoroughly. Now the ribs n chicken. Chicken was dry n bland. Ribs were tough, bland, weird color and no BBQ or smoke flavor at all. I doubt that it ever was smoked. Seem like it was either boiled or baked then heat up on the grill when ordered. I'll even put up a $1 it's probably microwaved. We are very disappointed. Leftovers gone straight to trash! Waste of money.
3	Friendly service, BBQ sauce wasn't sweet like I remembered it being & the apple flavor in the sauce just wasn't there. Brisket, pulled pork & loin back ribs were very tasty.
4	My families new favorite BBQ place. Never had a bad meal here. The fried pickles are dead on southern correct. Fresh brewed iced tea in Mason jars. Sides are real southern cooking done right.
1	I used to think Memphis/Warm Springs had the finest BBQ in LV. After my two most recent visits, my opinion has changed. This location is going down hill. St. Louis ribs shouldn't be tough. Didn't used to be. Their website is broken. Try downloading the to-go menu. Link is broken. The email address on the website is a black hole. Went by Memphis and asked for a to-go menu. Was given a catering menu instead -- wasn't trying to feed fifty -- only four. Sadly I've given up on Memphis. I now go to Famous Dave's and it's far superior in all aspects.
2	You know it's bad we when the food gives you a headache. We used to go to this restaurant all the time. Something has changed. The food, whatever wasn't fat, all tasted old. Even the normally reliable warm buns had hard corners. The only redeeming quality remains the Apple Blossom iced tea. Service was fine, it's just the quality of food has gone down. And oh my god the bathrooms were disgusting! There were no towels to dry your hands and the  floor and stalls look like they hadn't been cleaned in quite some time. While it's possible this was a unique occurrence, we've never experienced anything from them like this before.
5	I love this place. Get the sweet apple ice tea, you won't regret it. Decent prices, also recommend the king sandwich but I have never got anything I haven't liked. I just wish they would open up another location in the northwest as they had one at Santa Fe but it closed.
4	Came here for dinner w/ the fam.Service- was great. I forgot our waiter's name but he was awesome. We didn't have to ask for refills, he just came by with another mason jar of our drink. There was 6 of us & he impressed me by memorizing everyone's order. He didn't make any mistakes. Food-was awesome! Their fresh bread & butter is so good.  I ordered the 2 meat combo. I had the sausage & beef brisket w/ slaw & green beans.  Portions were home cooked country size. Meaning you can make 2 meals out of it.  Their sweet tea is great too.  I always have to order it when I visit.Bathroom- Dirty!  I walked out and waited til I got to my sister's place.  Made me wonder about the rest of the building. I love Memphis & went to another location (which was cleaner)Always one of our visits when we are in Vegas.
3	Short: Might want to go somewhere else. Good service, but half-way decent food. Not worth price.Long:Let's say I got comped for free lunch/dinner, all paid for. So, I arrived at 4 (when is was pretty dead), got seated quickly and waited on nicely. Nothing to complain about in the service. Ordered coke (got a large mug) and their "sampler" appetizer. This had onion shreds, fried pickles, burnt ends, and some potato skin things. Onion shreds were like all others I've had, pickles were too--so I have to question if they were frozen. Burnt ends weren't "real" burnt ends, just boneless--sometimes pure fat--that have been smoked and slathered in sauce. Good, but not true burnt ends. The potato skin things were decent, but the pork, cheese, and whatnot tasted all the same, so it's kind bland.My entree was baby-back ribs, brisket, and white meat smoked chicken. I LOVED the wing off the chicken--tender, juicy, flavorful. BUT, the breast meat of the chicken was dry as all hell. Brisket wasn't sliced, and tasted like it had been sitting around. Why not slice brisket? Seriously? Half of it tasted like I was eating tree bark. With the half-rack of ribs, the "towards the center" was tender, but low on flavor. The other side "towards the end" was pretty tough. There was an overall lack of smoke flavor, and flavor at all, from the ribs. (I sampled ribs at Sprouts--a grocer--and found their ribs to be much better). So a chain focused on their awards on ribs fell pretty short here for me. My sides were macaroni and cheese--which had some cheddar velveta--and rice and beans, which was fine but not great.They do have sauces on the side, but they're too runny to actually stay on the meat, and while the flavor is good, you can't taste it on the meat as the sauces are too watered down.In the end, It would have cost me close to $50 for all of this, not including tip, and I just don't see the worth in that. Nothing blew me away.If you're hard set on this place, go for their chicken wings, burnt ends, and maybe ribs.But, if you're looking, go somewhere else since you'll get better for your money.
5	Food was great!!! I got the baby back ribs  and it was wonderful! The fried pickles were on the salty side but not greasy. Our server was on his game!!! I will come back for sure!!
1	The place is VERY dirty.  Asked to have table cleaned again after we were seated but there was no getting the grime off the table.  When my draft beer was served the inside of the glass was filthy.  I took it to the bar to get another due to lack of attentiveness by our server.  When the food arrived there was grit in my baked sweet potato and steamed veggies.  The wait staff were all inexperienced with not one worker in the place appearing to be over 25.  Give me an grizzly old time waitress who knows her stuff over a smart aleck, all about me, techno savvy kid, anytime.
4	Excellent BBQ , Had a large group and Everyone enjoyed their meal, even "The Vegitarian " we had to drag here , Raved about the fried pickles
3	The food was good but tasted a little too "chain-y." I ordered the 2 item combo with St Louis ribs and burnt ends with sides of collard greens and mashed potatoes. The meat was OK, but again, tasted like food from a chain restaurant. The burnt ends were pretty tasty...loved the juicy fatty pieces. There were some pieces that were too burnt but the flavor was good.  The ribs were very trimmed for St Louis style. I like the big fatty tip of the SL rib which was missing from mine.  The meat fell off the bone and was very pink and had good smoke flavor. I liked the sweet and sticky bbq sauce that was on the table along their regular sauce, which was better on the ribs. The collard greens weren't too salty, but were too "something." Maybe from a can? Mashed potatoes with gravy was a little plain. I couldn't tell if they were instant, which may be a good thing.  I actually rate it 2.5 overall. I would probably go again, but there is better bbq out there.
5	Still my favorite BBQ place in Vegas! Didn't call ahead & got a perfect order from the drive up service, on top of the guy helping me was spot on giving me extra sauce for orders! Thanks for the awesome food & the only place I can see getting BBQ from!!
4	I prefer Lucilles (The one in the district, not the one in Red Rock) But it was my dads birthday and this is what he wanted. Our waitress was extremely friendly and attentive.I ordered the bbq pork stuffed baked potato and it was actually really good. It lacked sauce, but I guess that what they keep bottles of it on the table. I tried little bites of everyone else's food and all their meats were good. And I absolutely love their rolls and the butter that comes with.The sides were eh, my sister had the mac n cheese and it was bland. My dad had creamed corn and there was way more cream than corn.Overall I like Memphis, but if I had a choice, it wouldn't be my first pick.
2	This place just get weirder and weirder every time we come. The first time we came in was because we saw Mike Mills on the travel channel and we had to try this place. The food WAS excellent! The first place I have ever tried burnt ends and they were the best and their smoked turkey was so delicious. But over time they started changing things.. not so much on the menu but the way they prepare the food. The turkey has changed not bad but not how it was. Oh! and the burnt ends! They have completely butchered them! It used to be that they cut the ends off of the brisket and put them back in the smoker with additional sauces and magic dust for more flavor and over time you can taste the difference. They don't put them back in the smoker. They are tougher and taste like they have been sitting in a warm tub of barbeque sauce. As a matter of fact all of the smoked meats taste like they are not smoked well at all they all lack the flavor and it is highly disappointing. We have been coming here a couple times a year for the past 5 years and it is just not the same. The staff lacks professionalism as well. The last time we were in a nice lady was about to seat us when another employee came over with a baby and forced the lady that was walking us to our table to hold the baby so she can seat us (AWKWARD!) Our server was rude, he was short with us and would walk by tossing our bread and plates as he walked by as if he was busy.. the restaurant was not busy at all and even so if it was there is no excuse for throwing dishes on the table. I really hate to say this but I don't want to come back. Mike Mills should be disappointed to have this happen to a place of his.
3	Gotta Try "The King" one of the best pulled pork sandwiches ever.This place is one of the first restaurants I frequented when I first moved to Vegas.  I pretty much stick with "the King" when I go but I know a lot of people like the buffalo chicken salad too.  The "Magic Dust" and Vinegar based BBQ are great.  The atmosphere is southern and kid friendly.  The booths are pretty comfortable can seat about 8 if you need to.
4	Great Meal overall and great service. We had the sampler for appetizer which was great. Have to try to the burnt ends. My wife and I split the championship platter, which was satisifing. The ribs were awesome, bbq chicken was okay/nothing special, hot links were great and the sides were delicious. Overall, very satisfied.
5	I enjoy barbecue and have had my fair share of barbecue that's advertised to be "the best" or "world famous." Memphis has delivered tastey barbecue every time I have visited. My favorite two things to order are the burnt ends and club sandwich (which is only on the lunch menu).  Mac and cheese (sprinkle some magic dust on top!) And hush puppies are my favorite sides.  Despite other reviews I have always received excellent service from the staff.
1	Had a craving for ribs so ordered a 1/3 rack of St. Louis style with sides of cucumber and potato salad to go. I got the end piece. The ribs seemed a little small, more like baby backs and were so dry that I couldn't eat the large piece at the end. If I had eaten in-house, I would have sent them back. The cucumber salad, however, was very good, vinegary and a little sweet at the same time. The potato salad was ok. Was looking for a good BBQ place like Williamson bros in Atlanta, but unfortunately, don't think I found it here. If I do go back it won't be for takeout.
2	While driving past, I started craving some good tasting BBQ. Turned around and pulled in and looked it up on Yelp.  The reviews were hit or miss but I decided to go for it.  Firstly, there was no smoke smell outside from an on site pit nor the tell tale delicious smell inside.  The atmosphere was very nice and Southern and the staff was welcoming and polite. My friend and I looked over the menu and placed our orders.  While waiting for our deviled eggs appetizers, we reviewed all of the great BBQ places we have been throughout the country.  I know my "Q" and even smoke at home.  The eggs arrived and they were good and it was obvious that they had been pre-made and in the fridge for a bit.   The entre's came and I got the two meat and two sides dinner with brisket and pork shoulder with collards and red beans and rice. My friend got the pork shoulder with corn on the cob and collards as well. The corn on the cob was still raw and the collards were way over cooked, too sweet and nearly burned. We replaced both greens with fried okra and they seemed frozen and quick fried with no flavor.  The corn was replaced with hush puppies which were also bland and seemed frozen as well.  Both of our meat choices were near flavorless and watered down. The meat lacked any smoke flavor or smell as well.I must add that our waitress was very helpful and did not bat an eye lash at all of our returns.   The final straw in the Mason jar was when my friend pulled a piece of plastic out of his pork. It was obviously cooked with the pork and it was cooked and shriveled.   The waitress came over to our table and said the whole meal was no charge for all of the items that were not up to snuff.  We left her a hefty tip for being so nice and on the way out we did not wonder why there was'nt any line coming in at 6:00 on a Friday evening.  The one star is for the food and the other star is for the waitress.
2	We are in Las Vegas for the weekend and decided to visit Memphis Championship Barbecue. While the ratings for MCB were not stellar, they seemed OK enough to give it a try, especially since it was nearby our hotel. This was not a good choice.Growing up in Alabama, I've eaten barbecue for most of my six decades. I know the difference in great smoked meats and southern sides. These items were not great.Service was good. We were seated immediately and our server was at the table within a couple of minutes. I decided we'd order the Deviled Eggs appetizer. The server explained they were rather sweet because of Miracle Whip. She was right, but, they tasted OK. We did note that the plate was wet, usually indicating that the eggs were make a while earlier and stored in a cold refrigerator. Not old, but certainly not made when ordered.Our server brought us some "fresh rolls and honey butter". The "honey butter" may have been made in-house, but the rolls were a food service bread that had been heated. We then placed our orders, one pulled pork plate and one two meat plate consisting of pulled pork & brisket. Sides ordered were collard greens, fresh corn on the cob, and red beans and rice. I'll address each item, starting with the sides.Collard Greens- VERY overcooked (to the point of being almost black and mushy) and extremely sweet. The only flavoring was a heavy spiciness, not flavor, but heat. The only way to flavor them was with green pepper vinegar, but they were so overcooked we sent them back, choosing instead to have fried okra. Fresh Corn on the Cob - The corn WAS fresh, but while the collards were very overcooked, the corn was nearly raw. So raw that it wasn't even warm all the way through. The husk end of the corn was still green, not white, as cooked corn is. When I explained to the server that the corn was not cooked she told me that they "flash fried the corn". I had to ask what she meant. Apparently they put the raw corn into a fryer basket and drop it into a deep fryer for "1- 1 1/2 minutes because we don't want it to turn into popcorn". The server apparently doesn't understand that popcorn is a specific strain of conn, which is dried. So, the cold/raw corn was returned. It was replaced with hush puppies. So now we've had two sides sent back. Red Beans/Rice - Apparently canned red beans just heated up. No special spices. We kept them but they weren't good.Fried Okra/Hush puppies - When okra arrived the breading was very uniform, so I asked if it was house made or frozen. Surprise...both the fried okra and the hushpuppies were frozen food service products. Now, as a southerner I am pretty appalled that a BBQ restaurant doesn't make hushpuppies from scratch. I mean, how hard is it to mix up a corn meal batter and drop it in a fryer? Frankly, the best side was the frozen okra. It wasn't overcooked and was hot. Sad...truly sad.The meats, which should have been the star, just turned out to be a black hole of flavor.While the pulled pork had a nice bark and smoke ring, it had absolutely no flavor. It was hot and not dry, but without a bbq sauce it was bland. The "Original Sauce" used on it was not much better. Only the "Sticky Red Sauce" had any flavor.The brisket was tender, but aside from it's smoke ring there was no flavor there either. They advertise their "Magic Dust", a seasoning that is apparently sprinkled on everything. Unfortunately, they should have rubbed it into all the meats prior to smoking.But, the kicker was the piece of "baked" plastic found in my pulled pork. While I wanted to not believe everything was reheated that made me rethink it all. So, the whole meal was extremely disappointing. Fortunately our server, who'd said she'd "been doing this a long time" was helpful and apologetic. She came back to our table to tell us the entire meal had been comped. While we did not eat but about 25% of the entire meal, we did not expect that to happen. As everyone should, we tipped her for the total of the whole meal.My suggestion for the restaurant is to start flavoring the meat, make FRESH well-cooked sides, and dump the frozen & food-service prepped items.
2	Look when it's 109* outside and the air conditioning is broken, nothing taste good. It was our first and last time to eat there! It's simple, if your air conditioning is out, put a note on the door and ask the customers to come back and they will come back. Make them eat in a hot, hot place and they will not be back!
5	Can't get to Memphis so came here! BBQ burnt ends are tender pieces of brisket smothered in sweet sticky sauce. The beans and rice have a delectable flavor you can't quite place but it is amazing . The ribs... Oh the ribs are tender and you can taste the seasoning that is deeply embedded in the meat. They also serve some amazing yeast rolls with a sweet cinnamon creamed butter...yum! Unable to finish but got dessert to go bread pudding and apple pie ALA MODE!!! Can't wait to chomp on that later
5	Our go-to barbeque spot. The burnt ends are amazing, and the honey-infused butter makes the cornbread muffins. The ribs and pork shoulder are pretty tasty as well, especially when you slather it with the sticky red sauce that comes on the table.. Mmm.
3	I met some people here for lunch. It is a very casual place with a country feel that even has a train-like horn you can pull by the register. I ordered the sliders so it would give me a sample of items. I got the chicken, beef, and sausage and a side of potato salad. I also got an additional side of greens. Since I am from the south, I couldn't pass up an opportunity to get some greens...I should have passed it up, because I did not like them. It was the first time I had BBQ sauce flavor in greens. The sliders were decent and the potato salad was good. They also had a tiny side of coleslaw which was vinegar, not mayo, based. I liked it, but many people were disappointed by this.   Not sure I will be back anytime soon, but I do have to give kudos to the waiter.  We had a table of about 10 people and he took the whole order without writing a single thing down, and did not make a single mistake!!!He was awesome!!
5	MY favorite BBQ spot in Vegas. Tried this place on a whim , cause I was over at sunset park and in the mood for BBQ. The rolls and butter are amazing but that's just the bread lets get to the good stuff. The portions at this place are massive. My favorite has to be the ribs, Full rack of the baby backs. They don't cheat you on the full rack either, usually have to bring the rest home. The ribs are very soft and almost fall off the bone, the bbQ sauce that's already on them is a little bland. The Real tasty stuff is the STICKY SAUCE, i always smother my ribs in it before i chow down. The magic dust, which is a type of seasoning is pretty tasty as well. The mac and cheese is nice and creamy, the greens and okra are quite good as well. I gladly recommend this place over Dave's , they are similar in price but Memphis has better ribs and bigger portions.
2	My boyfriend I wanted to get off the strip for a while and we were craving some good barbecue so we went to this establishment at 9:30pm. Hardly anyone was in the restaurant which made me worry but it was late and a Tuesday night. We ordered a full slab of ribs and the beef brisket. The ribs almost tasted like beef jerky because they had been sitting around for so long. I joked with the server and said I bet these have been in the smoker most of the day? He nodded. Once we bit into the ribs it was ok, but the tops and sides of the slab were all pretty much hard and stiff. I'd be curious to see if someone arrived around 6 PM if the ribs would be any better? Maybe they would be because they would be fresh? I agree with the other comments on this site. The rolls did taste like reheated store-bought ones. The honey butter was very good though. The mashed potatoes reminded me of Kentucky Fried Chicken's mash potato and gravy--disappointing that it reminds me of a fast food restaurant. The beef brisket was actually pretty decent. I really didn't like their BBQ sauces though-- they taste very much like vinegar. The only one I thought was somewhat decent was the spicy one. My boyfriend said that his mixed vegetables reminded him of the frozen kind he buys at the store and heats up in the microwave.Overall, if you're looking for some barbecue off the strip I would recommend Lucille's or famous Dave's barbecue. I know they are chain restaurants but I've been to Lucille's  at 10 PM at night and their food is still hot, fresh, and delicious.I don't think we'll go back here & we visit Vegas about once a month...
4	Casual place to go get BBQ in Vegas. We have been there multiple times and it's consistent. Only issues have been 1 the addiction to their biscuits 2 the drive through order can be wrong so check your order
3	After an absence from what was a favorite restaurant of mine, I decided to go back and give it a try tonight. First, the restaurant was pretty much empty, but with that said, we still waited for a long time to have our order taken. We ordered baby back ribs, but I don't think that is what we got. Everyone mosied around the restaurant with no energy or enthusiasm whatsoever. What would have happened if they had been full? I have been going to Memphis Barbecue for many years and it is no longer the same place. Since they remodeled, it seems like the place is failing. Please, someone take notice of this great restaurant before it is too late.
1	I have eaten there in the past and it has been really good. I pulled through the drive thru tonight and when I arrived home with my food there was hair on the chicken fingers. I ended up throwing the whole meal away. It was actually fried on there and it was obviously hair. The fingers were supposed to be cooked in the spicy sauce and instead it was just put on the side in a container. Waste of money and food. I will never eat there again. Very disappointed!
5	Love this place! Great food! "The King" is a mountain size pulled pork sandwich served w coleslaw and a delicious tangy sauce. Great service! Sit down, drive up, call in, or catering service available. Mouth watering delicious!
4	Always a goto stop when in Vegas. Babyback ribs r amazing.  All meat no fat. Boston transplant servers. Prices are fair and  always leave filled and in need of a nap. Worth a drive from the strip. Hv been 10+ times and never disappointed. Awesome!!!
4	Was in the mood for meat and taters and that's what I got. The Burt ends were delicious and so was the the huge Idaho baked potato. The food came out quickly and the service was great. Went on a Friday night around 6 and it wasn't busy but wasn't dead ether. Perfect amount of people if you ask me. It did pick up towards the end of our meal though. Ended up asking for a new corn on the cob as it wasn't quite cooked though but the server was very polite and understanding. Ended up eating too much!
1	I have been to this BBQ restaurant three times because I love BBQ and it is close to my house.  I won't go back.  The brisket is dry, the baked potatoes are cooked the day before (I always go in for lunch) and they taste like it.  Yesterday, I ordered the St Louis Ribs, the waitress brought babyback.  I sent them back and she brought back more babyback...swore they were St Louis...okaaaay.  The good things:  the sweet tea is delicious and the rolls and honey butter are delicious, and the service is good, but the food is really not very good, time to search for another place for BBQ.
3	It's been YEARS since I have been to MCB.  After yesterdays lunch, it might be a few more!  The good was the presentation.  The cook knows what they are doing.The bad:  First a 2 meat combo, and you have choose 2 different meats?  I guess they need to save money wherever they can.  God knows they won't get more of mine.  The place wasn't busy, and I know why.  The server seemed to have a bit of an attitude, and God knows who would have to sleep with to get a refill in that place!  I love GOOD barbecue, and service.  I might as well go to Lucille's. MCB is living proof that you get what you pay for,  There's no bargain, and not much that is redeeming about this place.  They were so good 20 years ago, but that was then, and it sucks now!
3	Ate here on Tuesday....didn't have real high expectations.....good thing.No bark or real smoke flavor on the pulled pork(pork shoulder) quite a bit of fat,, not many big pieces.Brisket was some of the worst I have had.....way, way too chewy, showed a smoke ring, but I am not sure how, and just tasteless....the sauce it came with, and the stuff on the table labelled "sticky red sauce" or something like that were both thin and sweet, and that is about it.Beans were tasty.Coleslaw was a vinegar base and had chunks of sweet pepper in it, didn't care for it....but if that is how you like it, it was good.  Reminded me more of Chow Chow than anything.Have eaten at three top rated Memphis BBQ Joints (Central, Interstate and Rendezvous)...so there is some taste to compare to....this place is not even in the same State of Mind.....the reason for three stars instead of two is twofold....1.  They salute the Military with heartfelt enthusiasm/love2.  The waitstaff was just about perfect.As far as the food goes?  I have had better tasting bbq out of a microwaved frozen dinner(ClaimJumper).
3	Sometimes I say 3 stars, sometimes 4.  MCBBQ is a 4th of July tradition for us (we always get take out and I say that's always a 4).  Dining in though, I feel is more of a 3.  What's a girl to do?A lot of the time they are out of the dessert I love (hot fudge brownie sundae...they used to make it with peanut butter ice cream, OMG!  But were out of it a lot so I stopped asking).It seems like the server we had couldn't really handle a large private party.  I'm sure it was slightly annoying that we had separate checks.  I used to be a server, I totally get that, so I tip more when splitting.  But, the "computer went down" so I left an hour after I wanted to.  :/  I probably won't be back until the next 4th of July, but I do love those sweet rolls with honey butter!
5	after living down the street for 2 years from this joint we finally got up the nerve to try it out! lolIt was on a sunday evening and my husband wanted to make sure that he could watch football and sure enough they had 3 tvs in the bar area so he was happy. We wanted to try a varitey of things so we opted for:a pick 3 appetizer with 2 order of smoked wings and skinsand grand champion platterdessert of apple pie and pecan pieour waitress was amazing we had lots of questions and asked for recommendations and she was happy to help out. appetizer was amazing the wings were perfect nice and smokey with a tangy bbq sauce. skins were crispy and filled with pulled pork topped with cheese and scallions. the dipping sauces were also good. The grand champion platter was definatly big enough to share it came with burnt ends, smoked chicken leg quarter, beef brisket, shredded pork shoulder and st. louis ribs. also accompanied by 2 sides. we asked for mac and cheese and red beans and rice. i love coleslaw so added an additional side for 2.49$everything was smokey tangy bbq goodness no complaints on any of the meats except we wanted more!! we took dessert home but our waitress was so nice and gave us our al a mode there so it wouldnt be melted! we will def be back a lot of more times lolololps i also had sweet tea and it was perfect!
4	The food was delicious but the service sucked. I took it to go so fortunately I didn't have to hear too much of that. Other than that the St Louis Ribs are bomb, mac & cheese bomb, but the front counter girls need some work.
5	Delicious food! Next door to our home I'm excited that I can walk here. Great experiance,  looking forward to brining visitors here. Sweet apple tea, brisket, pulled pork, mashed potatoes, ribs , green beans hush puppies!
2	I had the brisket which had very little flavor and was not tender at all. I fact the meat was chewy. Very disappointed!!! The table behind me had ribs and complained that they were not even warm and were tough. The sides were okay....i will not be back anytime soon.
1	Worst BBQ by far that I've had in las vegas.  Got the 5 meat combo with two sides. And the combo fried dill pickles and onion straws. For pick up .For 35 dollars.   Smallest portions I have ever seen.  Brisket dry and chewy,  pulled pork was dry and flavorless , no seasoning,  chicken was juicy but no smoke flavor or seasoning tasted like oven roasted chicken.   Ribs were flavorful but a lil dry,  and like 2 bones with no meat on them.  Loved the burnt ends.  Very flavorful, and smokey. The two sides I tried the mac n cheese which was really good, but smallest portion ever.  Like 3 fork fulls literally.  And tried the hush puppies which were good, but you get 5 of them the Size of a quarter max. The fried dill pickles and onion straws were very oily pretty much inedible.  Maybe It was late when I was there so I caught the HEAT LAMP LEFTOVERS!  Flavorless bland BBQ.  When I contacted customer service. No reply even.  Wont be going back, unless they make this right.
2	After a long flight to Vegas from New York I wanted something really good and tasty. The food is mediocre. The BBQ sauce taste like hot sauce.  It's sauce is very soupy and spicy. I ordered the ABC burger. The lettuce on my burger was very wilted. It came with one tiny piece of pickle and a dried up tomato. My mom ordered the baby back ribs. Super dry and with little flavor.. I really was expecting some good BBQ. I am disappointed.. The only good experience of this place is the customer service.. I can't recommend this place. I've had way better..
1	Warning - this food caused vomiting and back end explosions after eating.Ordered some BBQ for take out last night. This morning, all three of us in the house are sick as hell.  The food was well below average, I've microwaved pulled pork from the Costco freezer section that tasted better and had more flavor. Sweet Potatoes were good but only because of the massive amount of cinnamon and butter - the potatoes itself was way overcooked and mushy like baby food.Daughter ordered the brisket plate. It was "ok". Very dry and tasteless. Pretty sure it was actual beef, just not quality beef. Lucky for her getting sick from it means she got to taste it twice. Both times were horrible to her. She ordered a chili which of course never made it in to the bag so I'll have to guess and say its equally horrible.Wife ordered the burnt ends dinner - was mostly big chunks of solid fat any chunks of actual meat found tasted like it had been sitting on the counter for 2 days before being served to us. The coleslaw? WTF? This tasted like no coleslaw I've ever eaten in my life. It was basically old cabbage chopped up and tossed in vinegar. Not very appetizing so it was thrown out after one bite.I ordered the potato skins and the sliders. Meh, skins were ok, kind of greasy but thats to be expected when you pile pork and cheese on a potato . Sliders were dry, nothing but bun, meat, and some poor excuse for a BBQ sauce. Literally tasteless and dry. Sadly not equally tasteless while leaving my system.I'd write more but I am off to my fourth trip to the restroom to let the garbage we were served last night continue to evacuate my system.  In Vegas at 4AM you are not supposed to be hugging your toilet, you are supposed to be out having fun. Ugh NEVER AGAIN.There are enough good BBQ places in Vegas near me that I'll never try this place again.
3	Ate here on Friday.  Had the burnt ends, and beans.The plate comes with a muffin and honey butter.  The honey butter is delish.There were 12 1/2" cubes of meat on the plate smothered in sauce....very meh....good taste, not enough meat.  The beans remain good, although there was a LOT of sauce in the bowl this time.They remain 3 star, and severely disconnected food wise from Memphis's best.
5	Celebrated a familys birthday with 15 adults plus 4 Lil ones. We sat in the party room. Our server was great. He took care of our whole table by himself!!! The food came out hot and very tasty. We bought gift cards for stocking suffers for Christmas. So see you soon Memphis BBQ. Yummy!!
1	This place has gone down hill, I used to like it. The food isn't fresh like it used to be and the flavors are just not there anymore. Their staff is sub par and will mess up your order very often. The staff can be rude and the managers refuse to take proper responsibility for their staff mess ups. I will never visit this place again unless I want to get ripped off, get poor service, not get half of what I paid for, and end up with a bad stomach ache.
4	Very good food and great prices. The burnt ends are the worst name but the best meat. The sweet potatoes is what I come here to eat. The sweet tea is great and served southern style in a mason jar. The rolls are good but it's the butter that is what people rave about. The service is quick. If you like your drink, you can ask for a to go cup and they'll make you a fresh one for the road. Be sure to tip well for that little extra. :-)
