4	OK, so I'm not sure it's really "American (New)" cuisine, but who else would put bacon on a grilled cheese sandwich?  Are you into thai chicken  quesadilla, grilled cheese sandwiches, and a fried chicken special to die for?  Then you will appreciate Corbin's Bar and Grill on Central.  The bar is beautiful black marble, with friendly bartenders serving friendly drinks.  Micros on tap include Sierra Nevada, so you know I like it.   The wings are meaty, I recommend the oriental.  Quesadilla's are unique, the above mentioned thai-chicken being my fav.  I haven't had a bad experience there, and I go often enough.
4	I was so excited to see a hip new restaurant gracing the streets of my childhood stomping grounds that perhaps I set myself up for disappointment. Don't get me wrong, I really liked the place. The atmosphere was cool and the service was friendly, but the food didn't quite meet my expectations.I opted for the seared ahi tuna salad. I think the tuna was a little too done, and the salad a little bland. Others in my party had a Mediterranean salad, quesadilla and burger. All were good, but not exactly outstanding. What WAS amazing was the artichoke dip and freshly fried tortilla chips we had as an appetizer. The onion rings weren't bad either.So my biggest gripe really came in the finishing touches. Waitress forgets my wine, no biggie. Gives me a dirty appetizer plate, okay I'll ask for a new one. Brings our dinner fare before we've polished off our appetizers (or even had time to taste them), and I'm less understanding. The place seems to invite you in with a warm and cozy feeling, but once you sit down the hurried pace and cramped table made me feel like I was in a fast-casual joint wolfing down my food. Not great. Still, the place is a welcome addition to the neighborhood and I'll definitely give it another try.
4	Corbin's is a newer spot in the North Central area. I made it a habit of heading there for every Suns playoff game I could last year (in fact, they won every time I was there, which apparently wasn't quite often enough). The food is good, not amazing, but good, and the ambiance is refreshing. Several good beers are on tap there, the appetizers are tasty, and I've always found it to be a pleasant crowd. I'm sure I'll be there frequently once the playoffs roll around again.
4	Ditto Mr. K.  Especially points A and B.  I couldn't believe how friendly both of the servers were. I took home a quesadilla (which looks more like a pizza) which I can't wait to have for lunch tomorrow.
4	Ditto Mr. K on his review. I can't get over how nice, friendly and accommodating our two servers were...I'm pretty sure the kitchen stayed open a little later just for our group which was so nice. Not very many places will do that.  Plus, the fact our waitress was super cool with us canceling a wing platter was really nice.  I probably shaved a few years off my life expectancy with the amount of greasy and fried food, especially those yummy onion rings, I put in my body but oh well. My pesto cheese bread was good, although I would have liked a little more pesto. I'm looking forward to eating it for dinner tonight.The decor and look of the restaurant didn't really fit the type of food they serve, but oh well. 4 stars for really friendly service and fried food as that is what we were searching for.
3	Although I did appreciate Corbin's taking care of our big group, I've gotta wonder why a bar and grill would shut down at 10 p.m. on a Sunday when 13 people were willing to keep eating and drinking.When I arrived, I saw the Yelp group drinking beers and eating bar food, and I thought, "Oh, this place must have some specials going. I mean, it IS Sunday night."To the contrary, the grub was pricey. Burgers were $9. I settled on some onion rings ($6), which really were good. Maybe I've been spoiled in Chicago, where drinking on a Sunday or Monday will get you dollar burgers, dollar beers and free snacks.I did notice they split a huge bill among several Yelpers who wanted to use credit cards. Most places won't do that.Also, if you're looking for the soap in the men's room, it's in a squeezie bottle. It makes no sense atop the futuristic granite sink. What's up with that?
4	Corbin's is a small and fun place...Upon walking, laughter bounces off the walls and smells hit you...Very nice looking place, slick, but not too slick.  It still has a little quaintness to it.     The food was decent...I opted for the peppercorn burger and it was done really well.  The fries were quite good and who couldn't deal with a little side of BBQ sauce.  My wife ( agreeing with her mother and thinking she ordered the ahi tuna burger ) ordered the pulled pork.  A very good sandwich indeed with really soft pork, which is my favorite of all the animals to eat, that was well-seasoned.     The desserts were a bit too big and too much, but so good.  I am talking roll yourself home good.        Be prepared to pop a couple belt loops upon leaving and enjoy!
3	The problem with Corbin's is I was there last week and cant remember what I had. I ordered two things off the bar menu - one was fried calamari which was limp and soggy, and I cant remember the other thing.    It's a relatively pleasant and comfortable contemporary space that has several things going for it. People often use the descriptor "neighborhood" which I think is apt, especially in the bar, where regulars seem to have a good time.  The gals serving food are winners, and the extensive menu hinting of great expectations never fails to make my mouth water.   And it's genuinely gratifying to have a place on the outskirts of Sunnyslope that's visibly a step up from this neighborhood's characteristically comatose dives. But then the food comes and....I dont know. It's not terrible and I've never taken anything back. Let's just say there's not a particularly deft hand in the kitchen. The presentations are nice enough - some are quite nice actually - a puff pastry chicken pot pie comes to mind. But I've eaten here half a dozen times and have yet to eat anything that I'd reorder. Their chicken's been dry and chewy on more than one occasion (maybe they should brine it?)  and other entrees I've sampled have all the zip of those at Luby's Cafeteria. Ok, that's a little harsh, but seriously, I'm not a fussy spice maven or anything, and Corbin's fare is just, across the board, MISSING  something. Dining companions have confirmed this but we cant put our fingers on it. Inadequate seasonings? Skimpy or weak sauces? Improperly cooked meats? These are frustrated cries in the wilderness more than Seftelian assertions.  All I know is the food looks terrific but there's never a party in my mouth at Corbin's -  that memorable moment where you bite into something really savory and moan with satisfaction.  And it frustrates the heck out of me because they seem to be doing so much ELSE right and I'd like to see them (wildly) succeed. Maybe they could wow diners and deliver more consistent quality if they consolidated their menu by half or even two thirds - but they need to figure out something to light a fire in the kitchen and allow this cheerful little spot to maximize its potential.
4	Corbins is great.. for happy hour, otherwise, it can get pricey. I'm not super fan #1 of the place, but I've never been disappointed with a dish. If I find myself in the area 3-6, I'll stop in for the hh. Fish tacos are the best.Ambiance- Contemporary- not overdone. Service- no complaintsPrice- $9-11 a huge and delicious burgerhh- great for the food Kona on draft.. mmm
4	Corbin's was a great additional to the Sunnyslope section of Central Avenue. A contemporary styled restaurant inside, with a bright yellow exterior, its hard to miss driving along North Central. The food is bar and grill, with some fancy stone fired quesadillas that are great appetizers. The grilled cheese sandwhich is one of my favorites, and the New Orleans Chicken Sandwhich is quite flavorful with Tasso Ham, Real Mayo, a toasted bun, and a tender juicy chicken breast. If your feeling like wings, they offer 3 different styles, and be weary if you order the platter, it comes with 36 wings....thats a whole lot of lil chickens....The atmosphere is comforable and casual, and in the winter months there is an outdoor patio that is great to enjoy our cool season. For the styling and food quality, Corbins is a solid choice.
5	one word, NACHOS, yes. you heard me. Nachos' absolutly the best fucking nachos in the world. pulled pork ontop of cheesy chippy goodness. i cried the first time i tried these. not because i cut my mouth on a chip. but because i was so full i couldn't finish them.other notables are the grilled cheese, awesome, the hamburger, awesome. the hot wings, triple awesome. oh and the bar isnt' to shabby either. actually the bar is one of my favorite places to drink. but i'm not going to venture to sunnyslope area just to drink. but, if you like to venture to drink. put this place on your list. it is seriously one of the bests. the bartenders greet you and give you their name, and they will remember yours.i've run into bartenders from here at several different places and they still remember me. but lets face it. if you have met me. you will remember me. i'm just that kind of person. actually its the fact i put away maker's mark like nobody's business. but i'll leave that up to you on our next sitdown together.
3	Rather busy for a Wednesday evening, unfortunate since it appeared there were only two people in the kitchen.  The website declares Corbin's as "the neighborhood bar and grill meets the 21st century," which seems a fairly accurate description, 21st century prices and all.  Mum quite enjoyed her portabello sandwich, ungarnished scotch sour earned points for being shaken not stirred with my aunt, and I was quite pleased with the spinach ravioli.  Noisy place -- but I'm at a lovely level of full, so cheers.
4	If you live in Central Phoenix, there is a great food option near Sunnyslope. Corbins is that neighborhood spot that "hits the spot". Clean contemporary look serving American fare. Hamburger is great, big and bold and the Onion Rings are about the best in town! Nice collection of beer and wine to compliment any of the meals. Try the ribs....meaty and falling off the bone.Very good fish tacos. A bit pricey otherwise I might be there more often.
2	Friday night and this place was ...not packed? If anything its the nill to little ambiance that this place has that kills it for me. The food was great and the service was pretty good, but the decor, the lighting, all a little to lunchroom-like for me.
4	Went for happy hour on a Tuesday evening.  Showed up around 4 and the place was dead.  By 630, the business crowed from downtown had made it and the place was hoppin'.  Definitely a business crowd place but still laid back.The prices of regular-hour food is way too high for me but the happy hour prices were reasonable.  $5 Tuesday margaritas were heavy-handed and the $3.50 wells were solid.  The selection of beers on Happy Hour are limited to mostly american crap and the imported/drinkable beers were outrageously priced ($9.75 for a Young's Chocolate Stout!?).  We grazed off a selection of Happy Hour appetizers including bacon-wrapped scallops, potato skins with pulled pork, Shrimp Cocktail, and Beef Sliders.  The scallops were great - a good combination of crispy bacon with the soft scallop.  They came with a sauce (something with ginger in it) that really brought the flavors together.The potato skins with pulled pork were amazing - cheese, chives, pork, and potato was one of the best things I have ever eaten.The shrimp cocktail was decent but for $5, it only came with 5 shrimp.  They were decently sized though.The sliders were more like two small steaks with onions and a bun.  I wasn't really expecting that toughness when i bit into it and it sort of ruined the experience.  Be warned.4 people, 8 drinks, 6 appetizers, tax, tip = $100.  Not bad for happy hour.  Would definitely return after pay-day.
4	Great food. Delicious pulled pork. And their wings are the best in town! Friendly staff. Fun atmosphere.
3	I have actually been to both locations of this restaurant and I would recommend this one over the Glendale one.  We decided to go for Happy Hour after work one day.As far as their HH goes I give them a big thumbs up.  The place was really empty when we got there, close to 4 pm.  Instead of ordering meals, we opted to graze on the HH appetizers.  Nothing too exciting really, but they did add a few creative twists here and there.  First we ordered the bacon wrapped scallops that game with a sweet and spicy ginger sauce to dip in.  The dish itself was pretty yummy, but the scallops were a tad overdone, getting close to that dreaded rubbery stage.  Then we decided to get the potato skins that had pulled pork on top.  That was a pleasant surprise, as I had not read the menu description of them.  A unique and welcomed twist to an otherwise boring classic.Oh yeah, don't ever get the pesto shrimp quesadilla.  That's a bad combo that made me sick, but that came from the Glendale location, so make your own assumptions.
4	we went for brunch w/friends a couple of sundays ago i had the tasso ham benidict w/a small ramican of sausage gravey on the side (usually over the top) it was fabu the service is always great and lunches/dinners also great good beers on tap and good cocktails
5	What's not to love about this place?  You have to love the food - I've had an excellent quesadilla (shrimp and pesto) and a great burger(Carolina burger, with BBQ sauce that's out of this world), and loved every bite.  The service is among the best I've ever received, ever.  The ambiance is nice.  The prices, while not a steal, are quite reasonable.  At risk of sounding like a whiner, I wish they had more happy hour beers.  For the price, I shouldn't complain.  And the dessert?  Best brownie sundae in the history of forever.  Awesome.  The whole package makes me want to move around the corner so I can come here every day.
3	The Beautiful Carin and I stepped out a little bit on Saturday night. I had been out of town most of the week and it was really great to get back to warm evenings and happy smiling people.In effort to get out of my rut of thinking that I only need to go places that I can walk to, Carin and I went over to Sunnyslope and the Art Walk on Saturday evening (thanks to Christina P. for putting this up on Yelp! : )It was really nice event and we enjoyed walking around, talking with the artists and crafts people and a couple of fellow yelpers. We were looking for something to eat. Based on several reviews and some word of mouth at the Art Walk, we were going to try Bombero's...no dice...they were at capacity and it didn't look to be getting better, so we strolled a bit farther south to Corbins.It's a nice little place! We walked in without a reservation, and we were greeted by one of the managers (owners?) and they found us a table on the patio right away. Clearly, they were just slammed by all the people form Art Walk, but the service was really very good, esp. considering the workload (by the time we left, people were piled up waiting to get in).It was nice warm evening, just right for a little cocktail (vodka martis) and some spinach dip (they do a nice spinach-artichoke heart dip...they crisp up their chips in the wood fired oven just before they bring the order out, so...nice touch!).Carin had a pulled pork salad, which was inventive and tasty...barbecued pork with just hint of healthiness! I had shrimp and pesto quesadilla...pretty good and very crispy, with plenty of shrimp and great pesto flavor...but more like a pizza than a quesadilla.We only made one mistake at Corbin's...we should have had dessert there, instead of what we chose...oh well, live and learn.Corbins is a nice choice for good eats in Sunnyslope, esp. on the patio on a warm spring evening.
4	I like the interior of this place, and while I haven't tried a huge amount of the food, the two burgers I did try were great quality and well priced. I want to feel that I got at least as much as I paid for in a meal, and I would say they met that and exceeded it on both occasions. One small complaint...the darn booth that looked so great had a metal lip it them that was uncomfortable on the back of my leg! Very small issue, and maybe easily fixed. Otherwise, I will be back again!
4	Who knew there was something good in Sunnyslope?After reading the reviews on Yelp, my husband and I decided to check out Corbin's for Sunday brunch. Upon entering we were greeted right away and taken to a booth. Our really friendly server was at the table right away and took our drink orders. My husband ordered a bloody bull (a bloody mary with a few extra ingredients) and I ordered a ramos fizz, a boozy, creamy fruity drink on ice. Both drinks were very delicious. For food my husband ordered a quesadilla with ham and carmelized onions. I ordered the Eggs Bayou, which is poached eggs and ham on top of toasted french bread and a side of potatoes. I enjoyed the atmosphere of Corbin's. It's has a fairly modern look and is pretty laid back.The food was very tasty and I look forward to going back and trying out their other dishes.
4	Stopped by the other evening with Chrissy P. and Andrew K. after hiking North Mountain, at this point we were ready for a refreshing beverage and something to eat. We chose to sit on the patio since it was such a pleasant evening. Turned out that on Monday's Corbin's special is happy hour menu and pricing is available all night! *Bonus* I sampled the Sesame Crusted Seared Tuna - tasty and delicious with a great combination of flavors and textures. I am looking forward to return visits to sample other menu items.
4	I used to live in the area and was so excited when I came across this one.  One night after a concert my friends and I went their and ordered just about everything on the menu.  All was tasty.  My fav is the Southwestern Pork Quesadilla!!  Nice bar area...too...always important :-)
3	Corbin's for Mother's Day - with two teens. Chosen for the extensive menu, the reviews here, and a quick phone call where I was assured that evening seating would not be a problem, no crowd expected. We arrived in two cars - two hungry teens and me, were seated immediately in a comfy booth and offered drinks.The room was exactly the opposite of what I pictured - the bar was to the south and the restaurant on the north. I wondered if I saw a reversed image printed somewhere.I ordered a fish main course; silly hungry kids ordered the portabella mushroom sandwich and vegetarian sandwich. Oops, forgot the artichoke spinach dip (yummy). (With so many vegetarian options on the menu, I'll never understand how they chose such lightweight sandwiches.) The service was excellent; our server put in our forgotten appetizer and brought it out, stat! No more starving teens. Apparently the veggie sandwich was good, the portabella fell apart making it difficult to eat (but tasty). The fish was nothing special, although it was clear an effort was put into it. Sort of like visiting a friend who worked hard to make the meal, but it was nothing to rave about.Still, the ambiance, the service, the lack of a line, the satisfaction of two teens, the single rose (with thorns) and good food, made this an overall delightful night out.
3	Everything we had here was just ok. The servings were large. The shrimp farfalle was good and came with quite a few large and yummy shrimp. The Thai Chicken Pasta needed more of a kick. The jalapenos in the Sauteed Scallops were a little too over powering and the pot roast special was pretty big, but not very memorable. My favorite part of the meal was the cheesecake we had for dessert. The service was great. Our server checked back often enough to make sure our drinks were never empty . I'm not sure we'll come back. There's nothing that really stood out for me that made this place memorable enough for a return visit.
4	It was a dark and windy Bike Week 09 type of night. After spending most of the evening at West World, surrounded by hot biker boys... I was hungry. I suggested hitting Corbin's for some food and drink. I had never been to Corbin's before and I'm glad we went in for a quick bite. When I opened the door to Corbin's I was hit by a semi-swanky vibe. I was certainly glad I wasn't all "Dirty Harleyed" out. I was more "Harley Hookered" out which, in my mind, is more swanky bar vibe acceptable. We were greeted warmly and seated at a table in full view of a family that was VERY interested in our presence (it could have been my super low cut shirt...hmmm...sorry about that...not really.). I even waved! I love my "adoring" fans who found themselves back to being busy with events at their own table. Anywho... back to the events at my table! After ordering a glass of wine (and being told they were out of my first choice..grr) I finally scored a nice glass of pinot noir. I also went with the grilled cheese sandwich. It wasn't just any ol' grilled cheese, my dear yelpers! This yummy sammie had cheddar, swiss and queso fresco cheese and it was all grilled with thick-cut bacon and a good hunk of tomato. I chose whole wheat for my bread. It was WONDERFUL. The home-cut fries were so good and they have yummy ranch to go along with it! My biker boy chose the Cajun Tasso ham quesadilla. Again... so yummy! The ham was nice and spicy but not HOT, just had some nice seasoning going on. The quesadilla is the size of a small, thin-crust pizza. So it can easily satisfy one person with leftovers to take with them. The whole meal was surprisingly VERY good! I only wish that Corbin's chairs were more comfortable to allow for some serious lounge time. I could imagine myself lounging after a great meal and just soaking in the swanky atmosphere. They have a nice bar area and also have hip music playing in the background. I look forward to another visit to Corbin's. I promise to not come dressed like a Harley Hooker next time... or not.... we'll see! Continue to surprise me, and I might surprise ya back Corbie!
3	Corbins is, well lets say, not very original. I like the concept, mostly because I love AZ88 in Scottsdale. Most people dont know this but the owner used to work behind the bar of Scottsdale's best martini establishment. Also, with a quick glance you can cleary see some of his menu items are direct copies from their menu. With that in mind the food is still good and the drinks are fairly reasonable. If you don't like Scottsdale, try Corbin's.
4	For a place that doesn't hit any of my usual culinary hot buttons (ethnic, superb quality, fine wine list, creative) ... I still have to say that I do like Corbin's. Went there tonight after an unexplained hiatus of a few months (I was on hiatus, not Corbin's), and I realized that dinner was good, the previous lunches and dinners were good, service was good, atmosphere is good... and heck, while "good" isn't fabulous, it ain't bad! The burgers here are always a safe choice and all the varieties I've tried are tasty. The pizza thingies aren't my bag, but my dining companions have enjoyed them. The shredded pork salad is a great low-carb choice. Tonight I had the ahi appetizer. OK, the ahi wasn't the best quality - a little tough and very light pink -  but it was fresh and tasted just fine, especially for the price. The potato skins with pork were also tasty, and the husband liket the shrimp cocktail.In summary, Corbin's isn't blow-your-socks-off good, but they are consistently decent, reasonably priced, and have decent service. Tonight's server was particularly good, striking the perfect balance of attentiveness and sincere friendliness without being pesky. My husband looked up the $5/glass happy hour merlot on the internet to find that Wine Spectator gave it an 87. I wouldn't rank it anywhere near that high, but it's serviceable for $5/glass.
4	What a surprise!  I have to admit to not being a big fan of the Sunnyslope area.  I guess having gone to Central High we avoided this rival area?  But a friend talked me into meeting him here by saying it was his favorite new place and had great fried chicken.  Nice looking place, comfortable seating and dark, calm atmosphere.  Very friendly staff too.  I had an excellent house salad, good pesto cheese bread and I tried to comandeer my friend's salad too - it had cranberries and pecans or something in it.  A nice glass of cabernet and I was quite happy.   I will go back!
5	Yummy: Via Mexico Salad w/o Pork. The fries are really thick and addicting. Service is always very good.
4	My foodies group went here on a Sunday night.  I was the only newbie to Corbin's.  First of all our server was awesome, really nice, very funny, kept our wine glasses filled.  We sat outside which has a really nice little fire place/pit.  First we ordered the ham and caramelized onion pizza which was very good.  Then, we shared the shredded pork salad, which was bland and nothing special.  We shared the Thai chicken pasta, peanut-sauced bow ties, which was very good and different.  Unfortunately, none of the happy hour items were available on Sunday.  I really wanted to try those.  However, Sunday they do give you 10% off your bill!
4	The best thing about this place is the bartender, Mark.The next best thing is the appetizer type food. especially the potato "chips" with feta cheese and hot sauce and the bacon wrapped scallops. Check the website for 1/2 off food times, otherwise it's a little pricey.
5	Try the open faced quesadillas! Great bar section and patio.
5	Great food and atmosphere. Live music on Saturday night was perfect. Acoustic guitarist lots of familar songs.All four meals were perfect and I liked that you could split a hambuger basket for $2.50 and get seperate sides. Server was very friendly and refilled coffee 3-4 times at least. Highly recommend.
4	My husband and joined a group of Yelpers at Corbin's after the OYE last week.  I had never been there, and was excited to go somewhere new.  Unfortunately, after perhaps one too many at the event, I wasn't at my best for observation of the surroundings.I do know we had excellent service, however.  Although we began arriving after 9 pm (they close at 10), they were happy to push tables together and keep the kitchen open.  They were willing to do separate checks for our large group as well.As for the food, I was honestly so hungry, I didn't spend much time analyzing it.  Everything I tried was tasty though, and I would not hesitate to go back.  Disclaimer:  see first paragraph.
4	This is my new favorite place to eat.  No kidding!  I only gave it 4 stars (although I would like to give a 4.5) because the martini's are a little....ummm...not quite up to par.  If only the bartender would go to Durant's and learn how to make a martini....The food is fabulous.  Get the onion rings, even if you hate onion rings.  They are seriously straight from food heaven.  I'm not being dramatic.The hamburgers are GRRRRRRREAT.  Yum-o!Hamburgers, onion rings, and full bar.  My type of place.  Also, they have cool live music on the weekends.  I like this place so much that I visited three times in two weeks.
3	The husband and I stopped by for lunch today, and I realized that I have neglected to review this spot, even though we've eaten here at least 3-4 times.  I like Corbin's - it has a decent vibe, clean design, nice service, and good food... but there isn't anything that really puts it into the 4-5 star category.  We generally like the food quite a lot... but there have been few misses along the way. Slight inconsistencies are a bummer - and make it drop a little on my list of places to return to.   We've really enjoyed their wings, tasso ham and caramelized onion flatbread pizza-thing, and pulled pork sandwich.  Today, I ordered the grilled cheese sandwich.  There was MUCH to like about this sandwich - amazing sourdough bread that was delightfully crispy, 3 cheeses, and perfect applewood-smoked bacon (yum!)... however, the sandwich dropped a notch when I discovered that the slices of tomato were the most sad-looking, under-ripened slivers that I've seen at a decent restaurant in a while.  Sad.  And oddly, I usually don't even care for tomatoes... but I kind of wanted some today.  Instead, they just got pulled out and set on the side of the plate.  Husband had the Greek salad... he liked the unusual addition of golden raisins, but said it was the saltiest salad he's ever eaten.  Not a winner.The service has always been perfectly pleasant (although I felt badly for the unfortunate woman who was in the path of a dropped glass of water today! Accidents happen..), but there has never been truly outstanding service at any of our visits.  All-in-all, you'll get a good meal and decent service... but it isn't anything to write home about.
4	In Phoenix for a 2 week visit. Ate at Corbins twice...the first time was so good we just had to go back. My new favorite food in the whole world id their southwestern quesadilla. Roasted corn, pork, cheese and barbeque sauce. Trust me, the words don't do the food justice. Onion rings-excellent!Second visit was for the fish tacos. Superb.One other nice thing:  when we were seated the waitress was really busy. After a few minutes the hostess saw that we hadn't been waited on and came and took our drink & app order. Smooth. Service was very friendly and accomodating.
5	Have been enjoying Happy Hour at Corbin's lately -- the fish tacos are really good (I'm totally serious). Soon enough it will be too hot to enjoy the patio but recently, I've seen some pretty cool cars in the parking lot or cruising Central -- an Aston Martin, restored Novas and Mustangs - I love to take in the eclectic diversity of Sunnyslope visible from the patio of Corbin's!
4	Checked out Corbin's the other day for a mid week happy hour.  Upon entering, you immediately get the feel that you have walked into a very modern friendly neighborhood bar.  Wish we lived in the neighborhood!Like that the staff dresses in a very professional manner( classic white & black).  It is a nice touch for this "locals" establishment.  Enjoyed their happy hour! The drinks were well poured and their well offerings were not bad at all ( had a bourbon and Coke...really liked the taste of the bourbon they offer).  The Mrs. searched out a girly drink and settled on an Appletini.  She liked her sweet colorful  beverage...We weren't super hungry so we just nibbled on a few apps...Bacon wrapped scallops ( she ate most of the scallops while I ate most the bacon) & the seared Ahi.  Both were tasty enough to make us want to explore more of the menu next time.Sure we will visit this place again...
5	The owners of Corbin's really know how to treat their customers. It truly feels like your neighborhood bar and grill..."where everybody knows your name... and they're always glad you came..." The minute my friend and I walked into Corbin's, we felt welcomed and charmed not only by the pleasant atmosphere, but also by the staff.  It was pretty packed, but we were quickly offered either a tall table or a large booth.  We opted for the tall table.  But, just as we were about to be seated, the host (who I think was the owner) noticed a soon to be available smaller booth.  He told us we could sit there if we could wait a few minutes while he cleared the table. We waited about 60 seconds before he apologized for "the wait" and seated us. After being seated, our waiter came by, but the man who seated us told him that he'd be taking care of us. And for the rest of the meal, he did just that.Oh, and, of course the food. The food! It was great! Their menu is pretty extensive, will all your typical sports bar grub, but with enough twist to it to make it interesting. After contemplating all their menu items, I decided on the pork tenderloin sandwich. It was deliciously messy and very filling (I couldn't even finish it all). And, the french fries were crispy and seasoned just right. All in all, it was a great meal experience! I can honestly say I've never experienced this kind of high level custom service anywhere else I've dined. It is one of those places you think doesn't really exist, until you actually experience it... and then you're floored by it! I'm so glad I finally decided to give them a try. I'll definitely be returning many, many times!
4	Very good neighborhood place.  The food was good, service was great and nice atmosphere!
4	Awesome food. Love sitting at the bar. The bartenders are awesome. It does get a little loud with the glass and metal. I highly recommend the oven fired quesadillas. Especially the pork one...
5	I always get the fries because they're good. Try the onion rings! They may be even better!! Stil love this place and so grateful to have them for late night eats in my 'hood!
5	I love this neighborhood bar and grill! I  have the best service and food every time I go there! I recently went for brunch and it was great! I like to take family and friends there that have never been. They all really enjoy the atmosphere. And the martini's are good and strong!
3	So we were headed down to see Amy D and friends do some stand up comedy.  L had expressed a desire to have a sit down hamburger so I plugged in what I thought was her zip code (I was wrong, as usual) thinking I would come up with a Red Robin or a Fuddruckers.  Up popped Corbin's which was already a bookmark.It was just at that time of the year that it was almost cool enough to sit on the patio so we went with it and were happy we did.  At least half of the customers made the same choice we did.  I can't speak much for the inside of the place other than it was almost empty.We arrived during happy hour which saved me a bit on the beer I had but hamburgers were on our minds so that is what we ordered.  We both ordered the cheeseburger with blue cheese.  Fortunately we did not share one of those as cooking hamburger well is something I would only do if browning it for inclusion in a recipe.  I ordered the coleslaw and she ordered fries and we split the sides both of which we enjoyed.  The only complaint we had was the blue cheese was only tasted in a few bites where the relatively skimpy amount was concentrated.It was our server's second night and she apologized for not having memorized the specials (which we didn't care about anyway).  She had obviously waited tables before as the service was very good without being obtrusive. A good solid 3.5 stars and I would like to go back again to try some of the other items on the menu.
5	GREAT burgers.  Almost best to share and each get your own sides, because the fries and the coleslaw are both great.  That way you can get an appetizer - like the shrimp quesadilla - open face, shrimp, cheese, I think it was 2 kinds, and stripes of pesto.  I think I could eat that 3 times a day.  I think I'm now going to have to go again soon because I won't stop thinking about the quesadilla and burger until I can have it again!Atmosphere is nice.  Bar is nice.  Feels like a warm neighborhood place.  Service is very good, always attentive, even when it's busy.
1	Not accomodating for a large group on the patio.  Go to Ticoz or Fez.
5	The warm pound cake is so awesome it should be on the brunch menu! I'm totally not kidding. You know those mornings when you want cake for breakfast? This one would be just right!! The brownie is good too. But, not for breakfast. ;)
5	Corbin's is the real deal! Great food, beautiful venue, and stellar customer service.Went to lunch at Corbin's last week, and we were the first ones in on a Friday.  We were warmly greeted and seated at a four top. Instantly we had our drinks and app in, and then selected lunch.We both had the BLT, with fries on the side, and it was delicious. Something like a BLT should be easy to get right every time, but I am sure you have had a cruddy one in the past. Each element of the sandwich was perfect, great fresh bacon, and the rest of the elements were fresh and crisp. I was really impressed at the amount of bacon this sandwich contained, you'd think that would be the most expensive part of the sammie, and the first thing to skimp on- but not here.The restaurant is really impressive looking. Polished concrete floors, custom tables with hand painted tops, steel and glass accents. With all the contemporary stuff, it still managed to be warm and inviting, and I think that is where the human element comes in. From the bussers to the Manager, everyone was outstanding in their customer service delivery. I find it refreshing when people are proud of their product, and the work they do. The manager (Kevin, I think) came by and asked us how our lunch was. Now, while that happens all over, he truly wanted to know, it wasn't a walk-by "Heyhowwasyourlunchtoday?Greatthanks!" Kevin answered a few questions, and then asked us our names and shook our hands. I was really impressed with the warm, genuine service.I highly recommend this restaurant, it is great in every aspect. I look forward to trying it again, I hear their brunch is off the charts. One tip, parking gets tight, but there is street parking and a lot, so you should be okay.
4	This place is a no-nonsense food place. It's not a concept. It's not a chain. It's not a lifestyle. It's a restaurant where very good-tasting food is served in a comfortable, laid-back, unpretentious way.We need lot more places like this. I usually have a burger  of some description (frequently on special) which features a hand-formed patty and is usually cooked just as I ordered it.The dinner entrees are big enough for two and are therefore called "BIG DISHES". I can remember the grilled chicken on the polenta as a standout.The happy hour menu features some fun items not seen many other places. This is also one of the few places in town that serve a vodka martini with just the right mix and just a little sheen of ice on the top.About the only thing I didn't like was a smoked salmon special that was too dry and not very flavorful. Can't win all of them.Definitely a destination on North Central.
5	The burgers are great here, but I really come for the atmosphere. I appreciate that Corbin's built from the ground up in my neighborhood and gave us a restaurant with real style - modern, sleek and yet comfortable.Here's a tip: If you like pickled cauliflower, ask if they'll give you just a little more. It's delicious.
4	this place is our local favorite. consistent, friendly service with good food. the Ahi salad is good, as are the fish tacos and salmon entree. the halibut came out dry the two times we've had it. the calamari is always great. the biggest complaint is that they have not changed their menu in a year. we'd go more often if they did, but as it is we go at least twice a month. unpretentious, unassuming and always a good time. happy hour is before seven and a great deal as the food is just as good.
4	Yes drove here from ne Mesa for breakfast this morning probley our 10th visit in the last year we love the food ,service and ambience this morning I had the tasso ham Benedict served on a slice of rustic bread wife had eggs benedict and the niece had French toast all delicious the owner is on hand most Sunday mornings and is friendly and welcoming ....more restaurants should take lessons from this guy.......Please com we to mesa!'!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	Corbin's is a litttle spot of brilliant decor and thoughtful menu choices on a formerly suspect stretch of Central.  The first to populate a neighborhood revitalization zone, this modern restaurant set the bar high for a new Sunnyslope identity. And it's managed to stay in place serving posh drinks, flavorful salads, pesto cheese bread and other upscale American bistro fare despite the ebb and flow of its neighborhood. Kudos!Enjoy the patio, stop in for happy hour, say hi to the host, joke with your waiter, have a great meal, all with a price tag that will have you saying 'let's go to Corbin's' again and again.
5	Head out at happy hour and try all of their happy hour appetizers. I love the sesame seed ahi tuna. Their hamburgers are delicious and so are the salads. I go up about once a week and pig out and have some big beers. I recommend this over any other restaurant in the area if you're looking for a romantic and tasty meal.
2	The best thing about this place is the atmosphere. It's cute and cozy inside!The service was just okay. Our server might have been busy or distracted. He was friendly though when he was talking to us.The food was just decent. Nothing to write home about. I would return here, but only with my family who likes it so much. I wouldn't go on my own.
3	I am not even sure how to rate this place because I have been there 5 or 6 times, and I have had different experiences each time. Last time I went, however, was the most memorable. It was the last day Bombaros was open, so we wanted to go there and bid our fav establishment a proper farewell. However, when we arrived, the wait was an hour and a half, so we decided to go to Corbins to wait it out. Typically, the owner of Corbins is friendly and outgoing. Not this time. On our way over to Corbins. my sister, a smoker, put her ciggy out in the street. Not cool, right, I know. But the owner made her pick it up and throw it away, which was just kinda weird. We had a party of 6 and wanted to sit outside. He asked another table to move so we could sit together, which was great. I stood up so he could move the tables, and he basically yelled at me to not move the table, comparing it to moving furniture in one's home. A little strange because I wasn't planning on moving his "furniture", but whatever. The beers and food was great, as usual. Later in the meal, the owner started hollering at these kids to not stand on the gate. A bit strange because, while I like Corbins, it seems like an overflow place from Bombaros. You would think of all days, the owner would bend over backwards to keep the customers who ventured over from Bombaros. We will return and hopefully avoid the owner or hope he had his Wheaties and returns to his normally pleasant self/
4	I met up with a friend for lunch at Corbin's, on a recent day off.  I've been a couple times before .  Our original plan was to go to Bombero's, but they have closed ( insert heavy sigh of sadness ).  Corbin's was a nearby suitable substitute.The place was pretty empty, and we were seated quickly.  It's a modern looking restaurant, clean and spare in decor.  Our waitress was friendly, although a little slow with the drinks once we ordered (did I say it was empty?).  Overall, service was fine.As always, the food was excellent.  I had the fish tacos with cole slaw, and they were about as good as you will find.  On previous visits, I've had halibut, salmon, and salads.  I find the drinks to be on the high-priced side- a $10 cocktail or glass of wine mid-afternoon?  Really?  IMHO,  Corbin's does have a high quality product to offer, but there's enough pricing competition out there that I admit to second guessing Corbin's as a regular lunch option. Sooo... I'll wrap up this review with this advice:  Go to Corbin's.  It's an independent neighborhood establishment, and a welcome addition to the Sunnyslope area.  You will get a quality meal or appetizer, and not be disappointed with your selection.  If you are on a tight budget, check out their website and plan to visit at Happy Hour, to get acclimated.
4	We've been at least a half-dozen times, and have had above average service and excellent food the majority of our visits.  Especially loved the Sunday night discount ;-P.   When will they bring it back?!?On our last visit, I tried the pulled-pork sandwich.  Oh. My. Lord!  It was delicious!  I have also enjoyed the ahi tuna salad.  The chiles rellenos are my least favorite dish, because they quickly get soggy in their sauce.  That said, my dear sissy LOVED hers. Don't know why it's listed as being a place you wouldn't take kids - our 6-year old LOVES their grilled cheese!  We, at least, have had good luck taking him there so far.  There seem to be families there every time we go, so I'd call it fairly kid-friendly.Best feature - it's right off the AZ canal bikepath!  An easy ride if you'd rather not drive.
5	We have been to this place multiple times and the food is great every time. I have noticed they have changed the menu over the years, but the changes have all been really good! My favs are the bbq pork quesadilla and the ahi tuna salad. Portions are very large so feel free to share. Their brunch is also good. I prefer more of a traditional breakfast, but the entrees they have are just as good. Love sitting at the bar and the service is always great.
4	Love Corbin's. Took my Mom and wife for Mother's Day brunch. I had the Mexican Frittata. YUM!
4	we love corbins help is efficient and friendly but not that over the top starbucks in your face im your best friend help breakfast/lunch and dinners are excellent and a nice creative menu The owner is there every sunday morning and is a hands on owner this place alwys click on all cylinders
4	Used my @CorbinsBarGrill @GrouponPhoenix today.Jasmine was our server, and was also tending bar. She was quite distracted. I don't think it was entirely her fault, but the service was less than what I would have expected.Mom had a cheese crisp with grilled chicken and ancho chiles.The girls and I had clam chowder, and pesto cheese bread.LOTS of potatoes in the chowder, a decent amount of cheese on the bread.Country music on the radio was ideal for me.I like Corbin's, and I'll be back again.
4	I don't care for Corbin's steaks but their salads are good.I like that the owner greets his patrons on Sundaysd when I go there.
3	Corbin's was A-OK for me. I heard great things about this place and was super hopeful, but it didn't knock my socks off. Maybe it was the time we went (Friday late-night). It was nearly empty and it was freezing inside. I'm not the picky/whiny type but I wished I had chosen to sit outside I was super uncomfortable. Also, the music was odd. Like... really bad. At least it gave us a giggle. Other than those two downers, the ambiance and service were stellar. The inside is really gorgeous. Now for the food. We got the wings and the stone fired shrimp quesadilla. Wings were good. I didn't like the quesadilla..it should be called a pizza. That bothered me and the flavors just didn't work for me either. I really loved the beer selection. Very nice and I would go back for a beer on the patio.
2	I have to begin by saying I am hard to impress when it comes to eating out. I have worked in the restaurant industry since I was 18 and can be pretty picky. However, Corbin's usually impresses me, but today, not so much. We arrived (party of 2) and it was a busy lunch, but the owner greeted us and sat us right away. Then it took close to 15 mins before one of the two servers on the floor greeted us. I got the fish tacos (which are my "usual") and my roommate ordered a Caesar salad. The salad came out with no dressing and we had to ask twice before the server brought some to the table. Upon finishing the meal and his beer my roommate noticed there was a lemon seed floating in the glass (ewww). It's not that the food was bad at all, but the experience as a whole was not great. The owner clearly could have helped the servers run food or get drinks for tables. Or maybe they should have had 3 servers on the floor or an expo. Attention to detail and quality service is what keeps people coming back and today there were some details that were overlooked. I will return to Corbin's despite this bad experience because it's a great place (most of the time) and right near my apartment.
4	I haven't ever ordered anything that wasn't good to the taste buds. The food is always displayed nicely on the plate. It's nice to have a choice of inside or outside dining. The drinks are good, full flavor and not watered down. It is a good environment if you want to have a conversation with someone, unless it is happy hour. The service is sometimes a bit slow and not so friendly (servers personal prejudice may play into that). Some servers have a beautiful sense of humor, which I enjoy. It is always very clean and appealing to the eye. The location is perfect, on Central between Northern and Dunlap. They are part of the Groupon deal which really reels me in.
5	Awesome place! Went there with 10 people and had drinks and food. The tuna was awesome! I had the appetizer and it was fresh and tasty. We split the baked chips with feta and hot sauce which was also excellent. Our server, Kaj, was attentive and on top of it. We did not wait for drinks at all, and this is a hard group to keep full drinks, let me tell you! I let the manager know how great everything was and he was appreciative and friendly, although, I forget his name. We had so much fun, and we will definitely return to Corbins!
3	Corbin's is only OK. They can get overwhelmed quickly which leads to poor service. Their steaks are all right, nothing special. Their famous quesadillas are really more of a crisp. They taste great, but at $10 for a crisp, it's kind of a rip-off!The good thing about this place is that they have a lot of craft beers on tap as well as interesting drinks. Corbin's is a great place to have some drinks, watch a little football, and have an appetizer. Not really a place to go for dinner
3	Good happy hour and nice friendly staff. Nothing special about the place and the food is just ok.
4	What a cool place.Was there with a large group of friends on Friday evening.I wish I remembered our server's name as he was all kinds of wonderful!He knew his stuff,was able to handle all our orders and crosstalk efficiently and effortlessly,made sure we had whatever we needed and always seemed to be right there when anything was needed.Even with a full resturant and other tables to contend with.The food was delish,and the dessert was great.The only reason I left off a star is because my dessert was 7.00...A bit high for a slice of cheesecake...Yes,it was homemade and wonderful,but 7 bucks???Sheesh...
2	Not so impressed. First off, it smelled sorta funky in there.I ordered a monterey chicken sandwich. The avocado tasted like the guacamole spread you buy at the store, not like fresh guacamole. The fries were ok, they do give you a lot though.Three of my friends ordered the chicken pot pie. I'm not quite sure that is an accurate description of it. It was more like thick soup with two big pieces of puff pastry on the side. I didn't taste it, but they all seemed to like it.Now, I never thought I'd be disappointed by a brownie, but I was and so were all my friends. For $7 we got a not so good brownie that tasted like it was from a box and got thrown in the microwave for a few seconds and topped with ice cream. We (5 young women) did not even finish it!  Our server and her assistant were sorta awkward, maybe they were new. At the beginning of service, my friend asked to have our checks separate and I said I had a groupon, She said it wasn't a problem. At the end, the owner came and gave us a talking to because he said it was groupon's policy that they aren't allowed to have separate checks, but he was gonna go ahead and accept it this time. WTH!? I really don't see the big deal... Good thing we had that groupon because it paid for that total disappointing dessert. Unfortunately, I had expected better and was excited to try this place, but I don't think I'll ever go back.
3	One time upon a groupon.........So I had an expiring groupon burning a hole in my phone so I decided to check this place out.  It's tucked away in this neighborhood and you might think you passed it until out of nowhere the building pops up.  Overall it's a nice looking place and has a great patio.On to the food...  So I had the Stuffed Chili pepper that had cheese, chorizo, and spices and was decent.  The menu had several options mostly quesadillas and burgers but there was a little bit of everything on it.  I just wasn't blown away nor did I dislike what I ate so that's why the 3 stars.  Prices are very decent especially when paired with a groupon and watch out as this is the second time I have seen this place on there.
5	Great Place for Lunch and Dinner.  Casual and Friendly.  Great Brunch on Sundays.Jane and John
4	They have a very good happy hour. We like hanging out in the bar eating Happy hour appetizers and sipping away some stella's. Friendly bar staff.
4	Great service and great selection of beer and wine. Very friendly and knowledgeable staff.
4	DUDES!!! This place means serious business! The hubs and I have gone twice in the past 2 weeks and have had a great experience both times. The first time we went I used the Yelp APP to find a place open on Sunday night that served French Onion Soup and Corbin's popped up so off we went! The French Onion was great! We also got the house made potato chips. Now I am not much of a feta girl nor am I a fan of hot sauce in any way shape or form.... Corbin's puts BOTH on their potato's chips and it freaken BLEW MY MIND!!!!! Seriously people get the chips!!!!They make deserts fresh daily so they are always changing. The staff is super friendly and the place has a casual vibe to it. We have found a new favorite low key awesome food go to place!
3	Was here for brunch last weekend. We live close by so it is a great stop on the weekend while out riding bikes with the kids (pity there is not more options). The food is pretty good, however nothing special. The big guy who i think owns the place doesnt seem to warming to kids even though the place was fairly quite. Our server midlle aged silver haired lady was very friendly and looked after us. Overall we would return but mainly due to lack of options in the area for breakfast/ brunch when out riding the central canal.
5	This is a great eating place and you will find my husband and I at Corbin's on a weekly basis.jane lynch
1	In response to my earlier review.  I received a phone call from the owner or the manager (I am choosing to leave the name off).  He explained the reason for the delay in responding but became very agitated and wanted me to put him through to my boss.  I refused so he threatened Yelp review retaliation.  My immediate reaction was to laugh.  He then became verbally immature and ended the call with a (not going to say the actual words) "eff you, c**t" and hung up on me. Again, food might be great, but no one, under any circumstances, deserves that kind of an assault from a business representative. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------I was planning a large party (25) for a business event, so I wrote to the contact address asking for answers to my specific questions.  It took 3 days for a response and the response was, "thanks for your interest.  Please call for answers."  I have never been to the restaurant and was inquiring based upon the reviews here on Yelp.  The food might be great.  The atmosphere might be wonderful, but based on the response I got in an email, the customer service is below sub-par.  I will never walk in and spend my money, nor will I set up an event where we might drop $1000+ like we have at other venues in the area.If the manager or the owner is watching here...it would have been worth the 5 minutes to reply as requested.
3	I've had lunch here 4 times.  Burgers are good.  Fries are inconsistent. This past week, the fries were greasy and limp.  I tried the pork tenderloin sandwich, not so tender, lots of gristle.  If you see lots of people with jackets and sweaters on, it's because it's always cold in the dining room.  Don't know what they keep the thermostat set on, but it's chilly inside.
4	Got the impression Corbin's seems to not fear to season their food nicely.The onion rings are tasty and large, the dip is a little too smokey for my taste but isn't really needed anyway.The Thai lunch salad was very fresh with deseeded cucumbers. I liked that it wasn't necessary to use a knife , everything was a perfect size. A few too many fried noodles were used for my taste but the salad over all was very good and also presented well.The green chili pork stew was also carefully made and seasoned well.Many interesting menu choices here at reasonable prices.Service was friendly and efficient.Restaurant appeared to be very clean.
5	Homemade chips with feta and hot sauce with a margarita. Wonderful.
3	I saw this place reviewed on a local PBS show and decided to give it a try for dinner since it's in the hood.  It was good, but not great.  The ambiance and the outdoor patio were terrific, as was the service, but the food was just so-so.  The stand-out of the evening was the onion rings.  I may go back just for another order of those and a drink.  They were perfectly crispy and served with a yummy ranch-ish sauce.  The breading on them was not too thick.  All in all, fabulous!I had the prime rib special for my meal, and the meat was really smokey flavored, but not in a good way.  It tasted like it had been dunked in smoke flavoring and then left in for too long.  And the meat wasn't particularly tender, like prime rib should be.  There was a whole lot of chewing going on before I could swallow.  I kind of wanted to stab my fork into the chicken pot pie that the guy at the table next to us was eating, because it looked good--definitely looked better than my dinner!Will I rush back here?  No.  But I might meander back if I'm in the neighborhood and in the mood for onion rings!
5	great food, homemade!!!!!!!!!!from appetizers, to lunch and dinner, it is wonderful!!!!!!!!!!!!!the owners are great.
5	John and I just returned from Corbin's Bar and Grill and had the Saturday special, prime rib.  All was great.  The prime rib could be cut with a fork, baked potato with all the fixins, wonderful vegetables.  And tonight we had dessert.  John a turtle sundae which he enjoyed to the last spoonful and I had the pound cake infused with Cointreau with vanilla bean gelata -- outstanding.A good evening.
4	Enjoyed lunch with a coworker at Corbin's since it is just down the street from work for us. As soon we we walked in we were seated on the patio as we requested (it was a beautiful day) and our waiter immediately showed up to take our drink order. He came back quickly and mentioned the special for the day. I was impressed that their daily special menu include a specialty mac and cheese (today's was apple and smoked bacon mac and cheese). After a few minutes of perusing the menu and asking a couple questions I settled on the lunch special that included soup and half a fajita chicken wrap. I went with the soup of the day (a creamy chicken tortilla) and requested the wrap with no onions. Our waiter told me the bell peppers and onions are already cooked together so I couldn't get it without which wasn't a big deal for me so I told him to go ahead and leave it as its. Our food came out quickly after ordering which was impressive (we were on a lunch break so couldn't be gone too long) and we dug right in. The soup was fantastic! It was a cream based chicken tortilla with loads of chicken, beans, corn and a garnish of avocado and tasty tortilla strips. The wrap was also fantastic. Chicken, red peppers, green peppers, lettuce, tomato, and yes, those onions. But the onions were very small and cooked well so I honestly did not notice them! Our waiter provided great service and checked on us frequently to refill our drinks. Once we finished he prompted delivered our checks and we requested to-go drinks. He prompted brought them out and we left. Our lunch was about a hour which I think is great for a sit down restaurant. I will be back for sure.
4	Love this place..
5	This is my FAVORITE restaurant.  I love going here for lunch on weekends.  Anytime I get to choose where we eat--I pick CORBIN'S!!
5	I have been to Corbin's twice now and have plans to go back in the future. It is everything that I look for in a restaurant/bar in that the staff is professional, the atmosphere is comfortable/chic, and the prices are reasonable. The first time we sat on the patio a couple months ago with amazing service along with the manager/owner? stopping by to see how everything was. During a recent visit on Sunday, the restaurant was not very busy when we arrived, but the entire place filled up during the time we were there. Our bartender was helpful in giving recommendations, made a great apple martini, and had a great personality. We had the ahi tuna app, which was a great snack with drinks. I would definitely recommend Corbin's as it's a great place to relax to have a couple drinks and/or dinner.
5	Stopped in on Sunday and as always, this place delivered.   I have eaten here often and never been disappointed.     Service is first rate and staff always makes you feel important and appreciated.    If your in the area, you cannot go wrong stopping in for a great meal and cocktail.
4	I went here based on a recommendation and absolutely loved it.  Good atmosphere, great food, and wonderful people serving.  I will definitely visit this place again!
4	Time to review the Pride of Sunnyslope, AKA "Corbin's Bar and Grill".I've been here many times over the years. Service is always friendly and prompt, food is consistently good. Visited yesterday for Happy Hour, sat at the bar. Ordered the Beef tenderloin sliders which were EXCELLENT (and a great deal for 7 bucks). Also had the fish tacos, grilled. Not quite as tasty as the sliders, but above average. Sierra Nevada IPA on tap to wash it all down with was great (5.50 for a 20 oz). The manager came over to check on everything and he's doing a great job along with everyone else working there. Very congenial crowd there....this place is proof that there's Hope for the 'Slope!
5	Decided to upgrade Corbin's on the strength of having Happy Hour 7 DAYS A WEEK!Yee-Haw! Had the Tenderloin Sliders and grilled ahi  with horseradish aioli on the HH menu and they were amazing. Cocktails were great. If you need me on Sunday afternoon from now on, I'll be in here.....
2	Read the reviews and decided to give Corbin's a try. We had a wonderful waiter until it was the end of his shift......my wings were cooked so hard that I could not enjoy them and the scallops were raw on the inside....however, get anything with the bacon they serve it was delicious!
4	what i hav'nt reviewed this place yet wtf great decor,service,food we live in ne mesa and trek the 30 miles or so to have breakfast here on sundays kevin the owner is almost always here he runs a tight ship and always greets us with a big hello.I will say it is one of the  great pubs/restaurants in phx.
5	I have brunch once a month with one of my oldest and dearest friends.  Our needs are simple...GREAT cocktails, yummy food, and a cool place to hang out.  I had eaten there once before for HH and it was enjoyable but not earth-shattering so I didn't think about it for a repeat visit.  Anyway, we had some really yummy Bloody Marys and Bloody Bulls.  I loves me a good Bloody Mary so it was a great start.  I had corned beef hash and it was really delish...she had a mexican frittata that was fabulous as well.  The service is great...very pleasant servers and a lot of attention to detail.  I left there full and happy and definitely plan on returning.  Way to go, Corbin's...keep it up!
5	May I add "family friendly" to my past reviews? We love this place because we feel like we are home when we come here. The staff is kind and they always welcome us with open arms. The manager, Kaj, literally treats us like family. We brought our new born baby to Corbin's for her first meal out, and we were thrilled with the level of service we received, as usual. The food is excellent, and the service is divine. The happy hour is awesome! My favorite items are the quesedillas, burgers, feta and hot sauced topped homemade potato chip appetizer, and the excellent selection of beers. Corbins is just an overall  great place!
2	third visit and the owner was so beyond rude and arrogant, it killed whatever good things may have happened. weird because his wife was lovely, staff was great, but he literally ruined it for our whole family. even our young daughters were blown away with how rude he was. never going back, cannot recommend.
3	The interior is very nice.  The happy hour prices and menu are decent, with some interesting and not too typical bar food selections.However, I will say that this is definitely a joint for much older people.  Average age of the others (who appeared to be regulars based on their familiarity with the staff) looked to be 60+.  If you're in that age range and looking to meet people, I'd recommend this place.One more thing:  the bathroom was a SAUNA.  I don't know if the A/C vents have been closed off to save money or something, but it was horrible hot in there. Perhaps they cater to the old crowd who gets cold easy?As for me and my younger friends, we'll keep searching the immediate area for our next meet-up.
4	Corbin's is practically right down the street from where we live and we love going here when we don't really want to travel far. Their Happy Hour food is fantastic, especially the Fish Tacos. Flakey and moist fish deep fried to perfection inside a flour tortilla with coleslaw. Mmm. Another favorite is the Mesquite Smoked Pork Quesadilla. The quesadillas are stone-fired and the smoked pork is so flavorful and moist. Absolutely melts in your mouth and very filling. We've had the Via Mexico Salad, Grilled Salmon, Via De Nachos, and Beef Tenderloin Sliders previously and all were fantastic. Definitely a great place for dinner with friends or even those pesky in-laws. We recently discovered they do brunch and what a fantastic brunch. We've tried all four of the crepes on the menu and haven't strayed. The Country Crepes are my favorite if you want something savory (think all the breakfast foods rolled up into a crepe and them smothered with gravy). The husband likes the Chicken Pot Pie Crepes, and while I like a hearty pot pie, I don't think it translates well as a crepe due to the sauce being inside the crepe and an additional sauce on top. (Sauces within sauces!) Their sweet crepes really hit the spot if you've got a sweet tooth. The Apple Walnut Crepes are filled with mascarpone and cream cheese and then topped with apples and walnuts. I'm not a big cooked apple fan, but I'll make the exception with this dish. The Stanberry Crepes are good, but they are simply topped with cream and strawberries - there's no filling on the inside. This is a turn off for me, but if you request some mascarpone/cream cheese, they'll promptly deliver. On a side note: I've had the coffee here a few times, but each time I'm left wondering why I did. It's a bit on the weak side and when I add cream it doesn't improve. I'll admit I'm a coffee snob, but I seem to be the only one complaining. The building is hard to miss since it's a bright yellow, but the parking lot is easy to get into and there's almost always space. The inside is nice and modern and sitting on the patio is enjoyable. Overall, if you are ever in the area, definitely stop in, no matter what time of the day.
5	I saw this place on TV and they raved about the Onion Rings. So I was in the area and stopped in and tried them.  They were right,  these rings are in a whole other league from what I was used to.  I also tried the Steak Soft Tacos. Guess what,  they were full of steak instead of lettuce like a lot of other taco places.  And the steak actually tasted like steak! Not just some meat filler. I didn't try the fried chicken or the Calamari,  that's for next time. I will definitely be back. When you find a place this good you'll drive out of your way to treat yourself,  I know I will!
4	Corbin's has now cut back Happy Hour to Mon-Fri from 4-7. Since I upgraded them to 5 stars based on 7-days-a-week happy hour, I'm going to amputate a star for cutting out the weekends. Food was still great, but not the value proposition it once was.
4	Met up with one of my brunch buddies yesterday for a bloody and brekkie.  We were seated in the bar area and had our drinks brought to us quickly.  Buddy ordered the bananas foster waffle and I had the apple walnut crepes.  I also ordered the hash for take home and had a second bloody while buddy had a bloody bull.  I love this place for many reasons and the food is great.  Our server this time was not a good as in the past but that is a minor quibble.  I'd like to see more variety on the menu but again, everything I've had is yummy.
4	I love going to new places and am surprised that I've never been to or heard of Corbin's but after my visit on Monday night, I'll be sure to go back.Me and some family members went on Monday night for happy hour. The place was dead but I loved the interior; small but with a cute set up with fun art work. We sat in one of the booths and the waitress was super patient with getting us set up in the right table given that two of my family members have to have a certain seating arrangement due to a bad hip and bad knee. I ordered a dirty martini that was made well and it's always a plus when places serve their martinis with bleu cheese olives. My favorite!We started off with the onion rings or "O Rings" which I had heard were some of the best and they didn't disappoint. They're not too breaded or greasy and the chipotle ranch had just enough of a kick. I had the ahi-tuna appetizer which was delicious! It was served on these kind of crackers I guess you could say with a wasabi mayo. Just enough for me as I wasn't super hungry.The service was good especially has one of my family members is particularly opinionated and difficult at times. Our waitress handled her with patience which was appreciated.All in all a great first time...definitely going to have to check brunch out!
1	Mac and Cheese with bacon tasted like nothing but onions.  The shrimp cocktail had freezer burned shrimp.  Indifferent service.  Server didn't even know we'd sent the shrimp cocktail back.  A poor dining experience.
4	We Stop in  Friday night because we saw a lot of traffic & cars in the parking lot. WoW! is all that I can say! Take a lesson struggling restruants, this place was packed to the gills, service was spot on! The food, (had the fried chicken, my Girl had BBQ Baby backs) was hot, fresh, and done perfect, now I have spent 25yrs in the south, & my girls from there and these two dishes made us feel right at home! Whoever is doing the hiring & tranning at this place knows whats up. GREAT JOB Corbins! Everyone get over and try it, I'll be back!
3	I am just not a huge fan of Corbin's. I am not the one to give horrible reviews but I couldnt think of anything that stood out. Why go back while there are more options in the neighborhood.Bufallo chicken sandwich on stale bread - 3 stars.
5	Super clean, super cute little restaurant.  Went on a Sunday night and had a great waitress.  I ordered the BLT which was absolutely LOADED with applewood smoked bacon that was very thick.  There was so much bacon I had to remove some of it and eat it separately later.  Hubbie ordered the fish tacos and we shared a bunch of french fries then went to see Lincoln at the theatre.  A great date nite and a very nice location for a tucked away little neighborhood place to grab a quiet bite.  Also, the prices were extremely reasonable.  In fact, we joked that for the same price we could have paid for 2 hot dogs and a coke at the theatre concession stand, we had a full meal instead. A great little gem.
4	I just happen to be driving by Corbins and it was super easy to located because of its loud, funky burnt orange color.  Clean, organized with an easy menu where everyone will find something on the menu to eat.  Awesome dirty martina and Pina Colada! BBQ Baby Back Ribs - Great!  Ahi sandwich that rocked!  We'll be back :)  Great Vibe. Thanks.
4	I liked this place, the food was good and different. My beer was up to par and the happy hour was nice. The problem was that the place was a bit sterile, "not inviting". I think they need to add some color to the atmosphere. Also it was a bit of an old crowd for me, but I am in my 20's.
5	The first time I ate at Corbins 3 years ago it was just meidocre but not now.  WOW!!  Saw review on Check Please Arizona, they raved about the fried chicken my husbands fav.  Did not disappoint!!  They have a different mac n chz every night,  it was really good.  Desert was AMAZING a warm  pound cake soaked in countreau and cinnamin and cardemon with a side vanilla ice cream.  Service was perfect especially since we were '"that" couple with the 2 year old kid (she behaved but still dining with a 2 year old can be tricky).  What a GREAT meal from start to finish.  Glad I tried Corbin's again, we are hooked.
1	What happened?  Went there for lunch a couple of weeks ago and had a great burger and fries. Went there for dinner tonight with 6 people and not one of us had good food. The best things tonight were the beer, fries and homemade kettle chips. Calamari was inedible - overcooked and tasted funny, the mac n cheese was nasty with chunks of rancid garlic in there,  the shrimp cocktail was not fresh, my mushroom bisque was obviously from this morning and bottom of the pot, the pesto bread tasted off and was inedible,  the tuna sandwich was terrible...OMG. It has been a long time since everything I tasted was bad. My kids didn't even like it. My daughter liked her pickles. Save yourself the trouble and just stick to getting a drink at the bar or ordering a burger with fries.
5	Been here several times and the food and drinks are always great. The waitresses are very friendly, one of them was even nice enough to give me a general overview of the area.
4	I went to Corbin's today after hiking at North Mountain. We arrived at about noon and were seated right away. We shared the Asian chicken salad and the asparagus quesadilla. The salad was supposed to have a spicy peanut dressing, but it wasn't spicy at all....but it was fresh and overall an alright salad, but nothing to write home about. The quesadilla was very good however. It was actually a cheese crisp, but it was flavorful and the asparagus and artichoke had a smoky flavor and were very tender....delicious. Would definitely go back for this again.
1	I'm so disappointed with corbins today. In the past all I heard was great things and today I went and ordered the mucho macho burger with fries, and let me tell you it was horrible. Fries were burned to a crisp and burger tasted like I was eating a leather boot. Soo disappointed.
5	We are longtime Corbin's fans.  My favorite part is sitting at the bar. The bartenders are the nicest in town and it has a "Cheer's" feeling where people get to know each other. We have met a lot of people at Corbin's.
4	What a quaint little place!The drive through single standing building makes this neighborhood joint look kind of out of place. Put it has a great patio (dog friendly) and the decor is pretty appealing.The bar looks great, I'll have to try it some day soon.The food is above average but nothing to die for. I had the shrimp cocktail which was OK and tried the mac n' cheese which has a flavor which I'm not used to so I didn't like it that much.The shrimp quesadilla was good but it's a pet peeve for me that restaurants call dishes something that they are not. This is more like a flat bread/pizza style dish. It was good but nothing to do with a quesadilla.The browny was pretty good as well as the ice cream. But be ready, the serving is huge!Cheers.Ernesto L.
1	Happy to turn customers away...My friend and I have been meeting at Corbin's for breakfast six to eight times a year for a couple of years now, at a cost of $30 to $60 each time we meet.  This weekend, on my way to Corbin's, I stopped and picked up two drinks at Starbucks to have with our breakfast (you probably know where this is going...).My friend had just been seated and was waiting at a table outside.  When I arrived with the drinks the owner burst out of the restaurant and shouted, "You can't have those here, that is my business, I sell food and beverages!  Get those out of here!"Before you think I am a total jerk... we truly understand that Corbin's sells drinks and that this is his livelihood - but as we looked around the patio several people were just having the FREE ice water and one person had their own personal canteen of some beverage type on their table - which the he hadn't requested they remove from the restaurant.We told the owner we understood and said we would be happy to BUY two shots of Bailey's to add to our coffee so he would not be out the sale of a beverage.  He refused, saying he wasn't going to argue with us (which we wasn't arguing to begin with) and that we had to remove the drinks from his patio.  HIs reaction was loud, aggressive and totally disproportionate to the situation.  We decided to keep our beverages and leave his restaurant instead.We understand it is his business, and he can run it as he wishes.  We just think this was not only a really bad business decision, but he wasn't even courteous about it.  He has seen us, and even waited on us, in his restaurant many times.  We spend about $300 to $400 a year in his restaurant... not a lot, and I am not suggesting that should allow us "special treatment".  We just think it is foolish to turn out paying customers because they won't be buying $3.00 in soft drinks, or asking for FREE water, even as we offered to spend MORE than the cost of soft drinks on Bailey's.  He certainly could have asked that we not bring the drinks in next time - especially since someone else already had a their own beverage in a canteen at the table next to ours - but instead he was rude and foolish!Imagine Macy's not selling you a pair of pants because you are wearing a shirt from Nordstrom's... even when you offer to buy one of their shirts!Perhaps the owner is happy to turn away paying customers - though I am sure the waiter who lives off tips would prefer to have us at the table than have them run off because they are not buying a $2.00 soft drink. It's not like we were planning to sit there and not buy two breakfast/lunch items - which we ultimately did, with desserts at another restaurant that was happy to have our business.We have always enjoyed the food at Corbin's but the owner did not just lose our business for THAT day, we won't be going back at all, and we will certainly tell our friends in the neighborhood the next time they suggest going there.
2	Took 5 people in for my partners birthday on a Sunday night at 7:30.  Walked in and the place was like a ghost town.  The worst part - Stale energy - no music - notta.  Just dead.  We had to asked the bartender to turn on and up the music 2 times.  Very frustrating when were there to celebrate my partners birthday.  However, food great.  Service great.  To me Corbin's you are providing an atmosphere not a mediation room.  Please make sure you have music on when your open.  OR did you not want us there?
5	The rewards card is great. This is the place to go in Sunny Slop for Great Food, Wines and Service. Smoked salmon for Sunday brunch is traditional and delicous
4	My wife and I found plenty of parking on a Sat night (bad omen)? 1st timers. We liked the cleanliness and how the hostess greeted and seated us immediately. We ordered the artichoke spinach dip and it was served hot with salsa and spiced up chips..delicious! I ordered an Alaska amber 20oz beer and it was cold and tasty. My wife had a lemon and apple martini but she said they lacked taste. We split the fried chicken plate with mashed potatoes and corn. I was impressed that the chicken was crispy but not greasy and had a little kick in the finish... Tasty! The mashed potatoes were highlighted by the white gravy which set this apart from my mothers! Along with what I think were green chilis in the corn I was impressed how it all complimented each other! I thoroughly enjoyed the atmosphere, service, and food! My next time there I'm looking forward to ordering the grouper. 5 stars if it wasn't for the total price...(but worth it).
5	I went there for the first time, yesterday, for lunch.  Had the onion rings, which were the best I've ever had.  Seriously.  Then the grilled cheese, which is not like the one you make for your kids.  It was so good - with tomato and bacon on it.  Heaven in your mouth.  Pease open in North Scottsdale.  soon.
5	I really enjoyed this place.  Hubs and I were going to go to Spoke & Wheel but changed our mind and decided on Corbin's instead since we had never been there. I'm so glad we did.  The restaurant looked nothing like I thought it would on the inside.  It was kinda diner-like but a little more "upscale diner -like".  Our server (Vicki) was wonderful.  She was so friendly and made recommendations for us. She checked on us frequently and refilled our drinks promptly.  We started off with the onion rings.  I want to say this was by far the best onion rings I have ever had.  The batter was light.  It was tasty, seasoned perfectly and crunchy!  I loved it.  The hubs and I finished that in about 2 minutes! The husband and I BOTH ordered their special - it was a 6 oz steak with a lobster tail, fully loaded baked potato and steamed veggies (sliced carrots & zucchini).  All for the price of $24.95 per entree.  What a steal!  We thought that the portions were going to be too small and that we'd be hungry still but when the food did come out, it did appear that way, but we were FULL.  The steak was thick and perfectly cooked at medium rare.  The lobster tail was so tasty and extremely juicy.  The potato was large and cooked well.  I didn't care too much for the veggies but that's because everything else was so good that I didn't want to eat it!  We were definitely full by the end of the meal but we still ordered dessert because during the course of our meal, we saw desserts being taken out and they looked so good.  So we ordered the pound cake that was drenched in I think Cointreau and served with a side of vanilla ice cream.  Ohhh man, it was warm, sweet and perfect with a bite of ice cream.  We definitely will be back at this place again!
4	Yummy! First time ever at Corbin's tonight...  What a great experience! Our waitress, Vicki, was fabulous! You can tell she loves her job... We never felt smothered or ignored.  Bacon man n cheese, carolina burger, fries are amazing!!!, chowder and wings... ALL delicious! Only con is the prices... A bit steep for us to make it a regular place.
3	Brunch is awesome!!!I've been to Corbin's for brunch several times but never for just dinner. So, my boyfriend and I decided to try it out. We had a $10 off one entree from the valpak. We went on a Wednesday night, there was no one eating in the dining area and just a few people at the bar and sitting outside. We had ordered our food and a glass of wine and beer. Well........we saw the two tables outside that ordered after us receive their appetizers(fine)...and then their meals. Where was ours? Our waiter finally came by and said it was almost ready. We ordered the pan fried chicken and salmon.....which you wouldn't think would take very long. Well, 20 minutes after we were told it was almost done, the food finally comes out. We waited for at least 45 minutes for our food and the waiter didn't even offer an excuse as to why it took so long. The chicken was good, but asparagus had no seasonings and the hard ends were not cut off. My boyfriend said the salmon and side of veggies had no flavor whatsoever(he makes better). Thank goodness they served it with a lemon!  We were very disappointed with the wait and the food :( We will only be back again for brunch. I still can't figure out why it took so long and why we weren't given a reason. Also, each dish was $17-NOT WORTH THE PRICE! Sorry Corbin's, but had to share my experience!
2	We stopped in here last weekend for a quick bite before meeting friends.  The restaurant itself is cool, hip and modern.  Service was very good too.  The real issue was with the food.  We ordered the mac n' cheese and the sliders.  Both were incredibly underseasoned.  I think the food has potential but I'm wondering if they had a substitute cook that day.
5	I have been wanting to try Corbin's for awhile so we went last night for my birthday.  Of course we started with the onion rings (to die for), the best in Phoenix as far as I am concerned.  I had the surf and turf and it puts any of the high end restaurants to shame.  My husband had the Southern fried chicken and he said it was delicious. Daughter had the prime rib, again it puts high end restaurants to shame.  Son- in-law had the chicken pot pie and  was almost licking his plate!  Kudos' to Kevin and his staff for upscale, great fresh food at not so bad prices.  We will be returning.Patty Mc
3	Very consistent. My wings were a little dry. Fried chicken is awesome.  Clean and bright.
4	Great service, nice patio, good food. I ordered a cup of the soup of the day (mushroom bisque), which was very tasty. It was lighter but very flavorful. My chicken salad was great. The feta was really nice, and the candied walnuts were a good touch. The balsamic is a thicker vinaigrette, but it was good. It was nice that the chicken breast was a true chicken breast - not a processed chunk shaped into chicken breast. Super tasty! I would recommend.
4	Went here for lunch today and found this little restaurant to be very nice. The staff was friendly and our server Jasmine was very nice and patient when we couldn't decide on what to choose from their great menu.The restaurant itself has more of a sterile feel to it, not too cozy but clean and it was really easy to move around as the tables have an even spacing between them.The food seemed to take a little bit longer to arrive, considering there was only a few other tables, both inside and outside on the nice sized patio. It turned out being worth the wait because the food was just delightful! I ordered the Grilled Salmon and found it cooked almost perfectly, only needing a little lemon juice to really kick it up a notch.It was served with steamed vegetable and terrific Brown rice. I want to know what seasonings they used on the rice! It was spicy but not overwhelmingly so and just tasted great with the rest Went here for lunch today and found this little restaurant to be very nice. The staff was friendly and our server Jasmine was very nice and patient when we couldn't decide on what to choose from their great menu.The restaurant itself has more of a sterile feel too it, not too cozy but clean and it was really to move around as the tables have an even spacing between them. the meal. Wasn't too fond of their iced tea but that's alright. Everyone else seemed equally satisfied with the quality of their meals as well. Good little place!
4	I admit, I'm a regular here. This is a great place to go and detox after work or watch some sports at the bar. If your into french fries don't miss them here !!! The mac and cheese of the day never disappointments and try the bacon wrapped scallops. My hubby is a big fan of the pork.  I hit this place on a regular basis after dinner downtown so most often for dessert.  The cheesecakes are great. The lemon creme brulee makes me drool and if it's summer time go for the turtle sundae.  They have a small patio outside that faces central so you can watch the traffic go by if your so inclined.
4	Yummy food, reasonable prices, nice atmosphere, and great service! I came here for dinner with a girlfriend and enjoyed my time and meal. I had the greek salad which was chock full of yummy fresh toppings, and was very enjoyable. I loved that they put raisins in it like Oregano's. Sounds so weird but is so yummy. My girlfriend has the daily special mac & cheese, which looked amazing. It came out bubbling and cheesy and she enjoyed it.
4	Neighborhood bar & grill with friendly staff and great food.My Hubby and I are locals and have visited several times. Our routine is to sit at the bar, have a beer and share some appetizers. Only downside is there are only 3 beers on tap. I enjoy Dales Pale ale, but my Hubby is a hop-head and there are unfortunately no IPAs on tap or in a bottle.Yesterday we popped in around lunch time for a quick bloody mary and the famous  'OO' onion rings. Ooooo I love their fluffy, crispy, beer-battered onion rings! The rings alone are worth the visit. The Bloody Mary, however, was very mediocre. Too much Worcestershire sauce and overall a bit bland. We'll skip this next time.Other apps we've had and loved are the Bacon Wrapped Scallops and the Asian Calamari. Both we're perfectly cooked and delicious.
2	Wow,  i send a lot of guest here.  Lately they been coming back complaining about the quality of the food.  I personally went to shop it.  Wow what happened.
5	Great food as always... the onion rings are a must... the prime rib or fried chicken is to die for....   great drinks, food, dessert and atmosphere, complimented with outstanding service...
5	After years of getting coupons in the mail today we tried Corbin's for the first time.Our server Jay was outstanding. Super friendly, kept our drinks always full, checked on us several times, helped us make up our mind on what to order...Food was excellent, we had the baby back ribs (which is probably enough food for 3 people) and the buffalo chicken sandwich. The ribs come with fries and coleslaw. Sandwich comes with fries, or coleslaw, or cottage cheese (interesting option, cottage cheese)The ribs were not 'fall off the bone', but were meaty and tasty. We also liked that they were not smothered in BBQ sauce, and they come with sauce on the side.The place looks modern and clean. The seating outdoors seemed nice too.We are not in this neighborhood often but we will be back for sure.
4	Fun and well taken care of at this bar and restaurant.  We were a party of 9 and our waitress was so on top of everything!  Good pub food menu, I think the majority of our table was carnivores and ordered the special ...prime rib!  I had the 3 cheese veggie grilled cheese - really yummy!   Other options that looked great was the chicken pot pie, shrimp and grits, fried chicken and biscuits and other burgers, steaks for the carnivores!  Wait staff was friendly, helpful and fun!!
5	As i have stated before this is a great well run establishment, Kevin the owner is my kind of business man ,friendly, runs a tight ship,wait staff are knowledgeable and polite can take a little razzing and have fun with it and he (kevin) thanks you for your business! in my book very important in todays world. if i'm in your place of business i appreciate that aspect. NOW down to food the tasso ham and carmilized  onion tortilla is excellent with melted cheese, diablo wings mmmm spinich dip good and calimari yummy as well that was last nights selection with friends.happy hour 3-630 and fab brunche on the weekends
5	What a gem!!!Great food. Friendly staff and nice atmosphereHighly recommend!The chips and onion rings are stellar. Burgers and salads fabulous Thank you for a fabulous time!!
2	My wife saw Corbin's on check please and since moving to Az. four yrs ago have had trouble finding good restaurants, the search continues! We arrived on late Sat. afternoon to find only two other tables of customers being served, the waiter arrived quickly taking our drink orders and when he returned he answered our questions about the menu items. That is where the service abruptly stopped, both of us ordered the Southern fried chicken with mashed potaoes and corn o'brien. Now I have had fried chicken all over the country and no where in the universe does it not take 20 to 25 minutes to fry chicken. Less than 15 minutes our meal arrived, the chicken looked burnt, dark, and was extrememly drid out on the inside. The potatoes and corn were very good, for what that is worth. I don't think $15 for reheated fried chicken is a very good value, for people to rave about the food here, the desert heat must burn out their taste buds or something. Back to the waiter, he came by once to refill our drink glasses and disappeared till 10 minutes after we were done eating. We asked for the check, received it and sat 10 more minutes before he came back to check us out, by this time we were the only table inside the place, should have been almost instant service. I don't think I will ever drive across town to try Corbin's again  when I can go to T-bones and have a delicious steak for less money. Sorry Corbin's you really missed the mark on service and food.
5	It is my first time here and came for happy hr, it was packed and saw i sat at the bar and order the tacos Love their tacos! They are very yummy and everyone is friendly here :)
2	I was one of their first customers and used to LOVE, LOVE, LOVE Corbin's! In the late 90's, I had a townhouse just south of there on Central and remember the skanky dive bar that used to be at that location. I was so thankful when they transformed it into Corbin's, what a risk to start a trendy neighborhood eatery in Sunnyslope! It was an important part of the revitalization of the area.So, I vowed to loyally support this local business as much as possible. I brought friends in for lunch and dinner, drinks at the bar, snacks on the patio. Everyone loved it. Great food, great atmosphere, a real gem.Seems to me the problems started when they opened a second location in Glendale. I don't know if they spread themselves too thin, but the quality of the food and service began to decline. I noticed a high turnover of wait staff, and prices went up while portion sizes went down. I did visit the Glendale location, but it lacked the charm of the Sunnyslope location.Over time, I just stopped going. Every so often I'd get a craving for a Carolina Burger and go back to "give Corbin's another chance." I so wanted to have one of those massive burgers and crispy seasoned fries that I remembered. But now, it's just such a disappointment to get a tiny meat disk floating in a giant bun with soggy bland fries for nearly $13. I hope the owners read this and take it to heart. I want so badly for Corbin's to be the way it used to be, but I'll probably never know. Last time I was there, I finally said, "Never again."
4	This is our night out go to place.  Growing up in Sunnyslope this was the Mediterranean (?) Lounge but now it's a very nice local restaurant.   The food, service and portions are great.
5	Love this place! Terrific service and great food! The Eggs Benedict are to die for! A must try if you haven't already!!
5	I wish wait staff for other restaurants would visit this place to learn lessons in regard to service and knowledge of the menu and the bar itself.  The food that I have eaten here was very flavorful and prepared correctly -- and most importantly with multiple orders on a table all served concurrently -- all hot when served.  It is nice to see a staff as passionate about food as this and pride in their operation.  Definite return upcoming. Thanks!
5	As usual these people go above and beyond today we showed up 20 minutes before they opened and took a chair outside to wait for opening the very delightful wait person came out side to greet us, I said I know your not open yet we'll just wait out here until your ready, he said no problem were ready do you want to dine here or inside ? We chose inside and we were seated at our fave corner table. This place rocks Great job guys
5	Not a review just FYI. Drove by on Central this afternoon and they had a banner out front saying they are closing May 31st.
1	I was a fan of the old mexican restaurant in this location before Corbin gentrified the place. Now, due to his unfriendly bartenders, his lack of music, his stale deco and his attempt to expand, he's getting his due. Good riddance. There are too many restaurants in this top of Central area now anyway-- everyone thinks they can exploit the big money in the hills around Sunnyslope. Yeah, well-- see what happens? You see??? It's all greed and people thinking they can get top dollar. Nobody wants to be PART of the neighbourhood serving everyone. The old Mexican restaurant had cheep beer, good Mexican food, a pool table and a juke box--- and something Corbin's NEVER had-- "character" and "charm". One more thing-- I asked one of the cooks coming on shift two days before Corbins had to close-- "what happened". He said they haven't been doing good for the past 3- months-- that means the big money from the hills quit going there--- which means the Northern Brewery with their $14 hamburgers and music probably took business away from Corbin-- not to mention the competition from spoke and wheel and their related wine restaurant with outdoor patio and weekly live music. A long time Phoenix resident I talked to at the bar-- over an OVERPRICED TAP BEER 8oz for $3.50 (NO HAPPY HOUR PRICE)... said Corbin still owed the bank money-- on his renovations. You know-- the Mexican restaurant was family owned and was there for decades and was PAID FOR-- where Corbin was in HOCK. So now we'll have an empty building there for years before someone goes in there. One last thing-- Corbin himself is a massive man who definitely has weight control problems-- that's in addition to his not being friendly and not liking music. I always saw lots of cars in the parking lot-- yet he still can't make it work.
4	Good menu, excellent service and very good food.
5	I'm sorry to see Corbin's close.  Especially for the staff.  Great food and service always.  Who would be happy to see a business close like some of the past reviews have indicated?  So rude and inappropriate.
