5	Fabulous customer service is alive and well at Just Brakes.  Thanks to the recommendations of two good friends, I took my car in after it had been making suspicious grinding noises whenever I put the brakes on.  Jason took great care of me from the time I dropped my car off to the time I picked it up after work (my workplace is in the neighborhood).  The actual labor of fixing the rear calipers, rotors, and pads only took three hours at most, but I let them have the car all day since I didn't need it while I was at work.  Jason even offered to drive the car down the street to Jiffy Smog for my smog check--what?  If that isn't customer service, I don't know what is.  Ultimately, the smog place was closed when he took it over, but instead he put $10 of gas in my tank because the gas light was on--what a guy!  Now, I'm not sure he does that for every customer, but he did it for me and I was one happy camper after that experience.  I will definitely be recommending Just Brakes to all my friends in that 'hood--and to you!   No more grinding noises now and I can drive without fear of risking life or limb--thanks, Just Brakes!
2	Warning! This place charges more than dealers do!I took my Infiniti M37 in for service and the total came out to $580. They initially quoted me $320 to replace the rear pad, resurface the rotors and do a brake fluid change. Then upon inspection, they said I needed another $120 to rebuild the rear calipers. It's now $440. Then, after three hours, they called and said I needed to resurface the front rotors too, for another $100 more. That came out to about $580 after tax.For reference, they charged me about $260 to replace the rear pads and resurface the rotors. At the Infiniti dealer, they charged me $220 to do the same for my wife's FX35. I'm sure you can get that done for much less than $220 at other independent shops.Initially, I agreed because I thought the price they quoted me included the front pads and resurfacing the front rotors too. It didn't. My bad. Fooled me once, never again. Next time I'll be taking my cars to the dealer or at least another shop. No wonder this shop was almost empty on a Saturday afternoon.In fairness, I think they did a good job but I was definitely overcharged. If you want to take your car to this location, I suggest you get a quote first and pay attention to what you're being quoted. Then get a second quote from another shop. I'm sure you'll still probably overpay since they'll call you later and say you need more repairs than initially quoted. Oh, and don't be fooled by those coupons they send out with the $99.88 brake special. That's a joke. I showed that to the manager and he pointed me that the coupon says STARTING AT. I think the real price they charge is $500 to $600, not $99.88. That's just a marketing tool to suck you in and overcharge you.
1	I went in for the $99 brake special because my brakes were squeaking... and came out with a quote for over a thousand dollars. They wanted to replace 2 rotors,  4 pads, and "recondition the calipers" (HUGE SCAM)... I agreed to everything except the reconditioning. A few weeks later they were squeaking again. I took it to a different repair shop only to find out they used CRAP parts and I had to have the work re-done and found out the calipers were fine.  DO NOT USE THIS PLACE... The good reviews are probably fake!
4	I had driven from San Francisco and my engine-maintenance light had been on for 300 miles.  Thinking this was a signal for an oil change I was looking for a service station when I saw Just Brakes.  Since I also had some grinding sounds when braking, I though I would kill two birds.  Well, good thing since there were about ten things wrong:  rotors, struts, brake pads etc etc.   I had planned on leaving the car for 2-3 hours while I did a bike loop but was told it would take much longer.  They gave me ride to my hotel on the strip and delivered the car the next morning.  Drove it back to SF trouble-free.  Great service, honest price.  May have saved my life.
