5	http://www.mcninchhouserestaurant.com/True southern hospitality, elegant, understated, exhuberant, historical, warm, inviting, comfortable, friendly. attentive, cozy, and graceful. A simply charming restaurant with extraordinary food, decor, and service. Once in a lifetime experience should be a must for those who find themselves in Charlotte. Chef and Owner Ellen Davis has created a culinary experience of a highly choreographed six-course dinner by reservations only in elegant Victorian surrounding reminiscent of the leisurely, evening-long meals of that era.Reservations a must.  On Wednesday the week of the Saturday seating, they email you a list of choices for the six (yes six) courses.  You send them back in, and when you arrive, the meal is already planned.  It is located in the historic district of Charlotte in a home built in 1891. The theme is for you to enjoy a meal the old fashioned way with ample time for all courses in a relaxed and luxurios southern mansion setting.  There is only one seating at each of the 6 tables per evening. The tables are spread throughout the home, so you feel you have your own room.  Each room is elegantly decorated in Victorian style.  We sat in the room shown in the upper right on theri website. They have a dress code that requires jackets for gentlemen (tie at your option), and ask ladies to wear something classy.  Upscale for sure, and a hoot to dress up for the evening. So many niceties abound, it is hard to think of McNinch House as a restaurant, but more like a royalty experience. Candles galore, soft classical music, table settings reserved for heads of state as attention to detail and your dining enjoyment is the only goal of the owner. Chef and Owner Ellen Davis combines French, Southern and European styles to create a "Continental" menu. They are known for our Roasted Rack of Lamb with Fresh Rosemary and Dijon Mustard Crust as well as their Pecan-Crusted Baked Salmon with a Red Bell Pepper and Lime Sauce. Other signature items might be Ellen's Signature Low-Country Crab Cakes or her White Chocolate Mousse with Roasted Macadamias.Wine pairings are offered for each course. We did them all.  Wonderful wines from around the world were selected by the chef.  The food was simply scrumptious.  Every course was unique and done to perfection Simply amazing as how they could keep rolling out some of the finest served food in the nation. Needless to say, our experience at McNinch House was "out of this world".  There aren't enough stars to rate this total experience. ps: fare was just at $350 for the two of us with tip (and worth it!)http://www.mcninchhouserestaurant.com/
4	We went to the Mcninch House last Wednesday for yet another work dinner (no complaints here)!! There was 5 of us in our party and we had this beautiful Old Victorian House to ourselves!! We were the only reservation they had that evening the server insisted they were fully booked the rest of the week though!If you have never been or never heard of them before, they ask for you and your party to call in how many courses and what entree choice you would like the day before so that they can plan a menu specifically for your party. We opted for the "Premiere" which was the 5 courses for $79 each.The house was beautifully decorated with a Christmas tree in each room each with a different theme. Very warm and of course a lot of history! I chose the Braised Coq au Vin  wrapped in Prosciutto served with couscous and a mushroom reduction...it was dry edible but dry. I only got that so that everyone was eating something different! I should have chosen the Osso Bucco!! Everyone else loved their entrees!!  I really enjoyed everything that they served before it. I just was not blown away by any of it.I feel that the ambiance was what really won me over and if I were ever to go back it would again be on my Boss' dime!!
2	I am going to keep this simple. My wife and I ate dinner at the McNinch house for our 5 year anniversary. The place was so slow. The valet guy was our waiter and bus boy. (probably the chef also, but not positive) The food was ok at the best. $300 and we both left and ate pizza. Enough said?
5	So...it's been at least two years since I've been to McNinch and I still remember the experience like it was yesterday. And I have to agree with Bill on this one, it's pretty amazing.Hubs and I decided to try this illustrious resto for Valentine's Day in 2008, we went through the whole reservation process, custom menu, custom wine pairings - the whole shebang. We actually followed all their directions to a t and arrive early, enjoyed some champagne while taking a tour of the sweet little home/restaurant on Church St. And then the incredible began...We were blown away (for the entire 3+ hours) by the spectacular pairings of food and wine, accompanied by fantastic service. I know we saved our menu for quite some time, but I'm not sure where it ran off to. Every single course was creatively prepared and tons of local ingredients were immersed into the dishes. Our server was also extremely knowledgable in each wine, explaining its heritage and vineyard to us. Since we choose the wine pairing option, we quite literally had a different (and interesting) glass of wine with every of the seven courses. Good thing we lived in the Fourth Ward at that time. Hey-oo!McNinch House is such a special place to experience an amazing meal. It's pricey and well worth every penny: I'm still talking about my meal 2.5 years later. We probably spent about $400 all in, including the wine pairings for each of us, seven courses and tip. An expensive meal for sure, but it's wonderful for a anniversary or milestone celebration.
4	Of course I cant afford a real meal here but to feel part of the ELITE I go for the wine tastings!!!  They are almost every other Monday, sometimes they will have them outside but usually they are inside their spectacular dining rooms.  Yes, the house is stunning and historic if you like antiques and victorian style decor.  The wine tastings are $20 bucks per person and include usually 7 or so wines and heavy apps.  You can wander throughout the downstairs or on the peaceful porch with your wine.  It is the perfect Monday happy hour!  Love you McNinch!!!  :-D
5	My wife and I went for our anniversary the year before last, but as other reviewers have stated, I remember the experience like it was yesterday.  For a proper experience be prepared to pay in excess of $200 per person for the entrees and wine pairing.  My wife and I opted for the Chef's tasting menu, which if memory serves me correct was 9 courses.  I highly recommend this choice, what is an extra $20 per person when you are already spending so much?  It really is about the experience... and Ellen and company make it an excellent, nay, perfect experience!
5	Wonderful meal. We enjoyed the Crab appetizer, Duck and Snapper entrees, all delicious. Next visit I will definitely try the chefs tasting menu. Don't be put off by the number of courses, the portions are small.
2	Came here for a private function/total buy-out with about forty people and was a bit disappointed.  This was not a four star dining experience.  It was a very pleasant service experience, friendly and not too stuffy and you could tell they really have a lot of pride for the place.  I actually feel bad about giving them a negative review because they seem like really nice people.  And the house is very old and interesting but that's not the definition of four star. Grandma's china and chilled forks and old fashioned service was adequate but certain things just put it off; like the dingy rugs in the bathroom and the shabby landscaping and I don't know what all actually.  Just felt a little amateurish.I did really enjoy the pear salad but the mushroom soup starter was cold and what really loses the stars for me is the mediocre entree of undercooked pork and tough steak.  Really disappointing.  I loved the sweet potato puree that came with it but it was the only flavor on the plate.  And that undercooked pork was inedible and I don't even mind a little pink.  This was raw in the center and mine wasn't the only one.  No one wanted to complain as it was a customer event.  But I would have sent it back if I were on my own.The desert was your typical banquet style flourless chocolate cake but no coffee was offered.  Which may have been the planners fault but I really could have used some.Overall, a pleasant experience but doesn't live up to the reviews or the price tag.  My guess is they do much better for a standard service rather than a banquet service of 40 people.
2	Ill start my review by stating that ive been working in the food industry for 7 years now, all fine dining.  I know what works and what doesnt, and what i should expect when eatting at places. With that being said.My wife and dined here and i was very disappionted with the over all experiance.  I think the thing that bothered me the most was the wine manager, after saying that we would be hving a 6 course dinner and would not be pairing it with the wine but would be ordering individual glasses of wine and cocktails he just lost all interest in providing an enjoyable experiance. After ordering our first drinks and finishing it, a manhattan for myself and champagne for her i was asked if we would like another drink; which i agreed to. instead of bringing out the wine menu again i was made to just state what type of wine i would like, the sommelier brought a glass of cab and just dropped it at the table- no mention of year, make, and region, just a heres a glass of wine, i didnt know if it was a 5 dollar a bottle wine or a 35 dollar a glass wine, nothing. And on top of it all it was corked. Luckally they removed it and took it off the bill, they brought out another and the som just dropped it off again, i had to stop him before he walked away and ask what he just gave us, he repllied a cabernet. I litterally had to prompt him with " where does it come from, when was it made, who makes it."If i could grade just the som i would give him a zero, the man has given up on even trying to provide for his clients.Getting into the food, it was ok not worth what we paid for, the amuse was enjoyable, as well as the duck which was cooked perfectly, but the other 4 courss were average. The smoked sweet potato puree, coupled with the beef and sauce was just way too sweet, totally killed the meat.I think what put the nail in the coffin while eatting here was the check at the end.  They automatically add 20% gratutity to the bill, it doesnt matter what type of service you get. With the staff already nowing they are getting theirs is it any wonder they could care less.Four star 4 diamond yea right.
3	My friend and I came here for an elegant dinner. The atmosphere is very nice.  A jacket is required and no cell phones are allowed in the dinning room.  This historic house is beautiful and well maintained. Much of the decor is original. The service was spectacular. Despite the nice atmosphere, I wasn't very impressed with the food. We did the seven course Chef's tasting menu and ordered a bottle of wine. It was a nice experience, but the dessert (an upscale strawberry shortcake) was the best part of the meal. Overall, it was good but not great. If you're interested in a romantic dinner in a charming home, I recommend Fig Tree. It's a similar experience with better food for less money.
5	We went to this resturant for our anniversary. I loved the atmosphere.  It was like we had gone back into time.  I think that is the idea.  This is an old house with a lot of elegance.  The service was excellent.  We did the bistro menu which is three courses plus sorbet.  The first course was the best. Fried green tomato with a crab cake.  I have never had a fried green tomato like this one.  It was absolutely incredible. The crab cake was also excellent. The ribeye was OK. It wasn't my favorite part of the meal but it was good. I wasn't expecting such a smoked flavor.  The dessert was fabulous.  They gave me a rose and gave us glasses of champagne because it was our anniversary. Very romantic pace for dinner.
5	My wife and I went last night to celebrate our 35 wedding anniversary. The meal, service and staff were nothing short of superb. Thank you for a wonderful night.
5	Some anniversary spots we've tried: Barrington's, McNinch, George's Brasserie.  We thoroughly enjoyed the dining experience here.
5	Last night my wife and I enjoyed a nine-course tasting menu, and I had the best crab cake, salad, salmon, steak, and cheesecake I've ever eaten - all in one meal.Our meal started with a crab-cake and a small crab salad (with dill, apple, and celery). The crab cake was so warm and fell apart beautifully, perfect spicing, a little n'orleans remoulade underneath, and the lump crab was so sweet and tender. The salad was rich and creamy, a few bites of decadence.We then had an artichoke bisque, which was unfortunately the low point of the meal for both of us as neither of us loves artichoke much. The base of the soup was fantastic, but the tough bits of artichoke were just okay, and the cracked pepper garnishing the dish was very coarse ground (which provided contrast to the consistency of the soup, but seemed out of place).Then on to a baby wedge salad, mine with blue cheese and buttermilk, Barb's with a housemade vinaigrette. The salad was composed with perfect bacon, dried bing cherries, spiced pecans, the blue was fragrant without being overwhelming. Barb's vinaigrette had so much body and cling, with such great balance that she couldn't stop making pleasant-eating-noises - you know the ones.We had a little sorbet (blackberry, such concentration of fruit flavor), and then the three main courses.The salmon was served with wilted spinach and a potato hash, but the salmon itself was cooked to a perfect and consistent temperature throughout without overcooking the edges, or a slightly-underdone-center. It had a gently spiced rock-hard crust on one side, with perfectly cooked salmon immediately below. The plate was served with a smooth and tangy lemon beurre blanc. Best salmon I've ever had.Next was the duck course, our server Johnathan mentioned reminded him of Christmas. Beautiful rare duck breast, served on a bed of whipped sweet potatoes (perfectly smooth, none of that stringyness you sometimes get with sweet potatoes) that had been flavored with vanilla and brown sugar. Not overly sweet but absolutely decadent, and a small serving of sauteed brussel sprouts. The richness of the duck offset the cabbagyness of the sprouts, and the sweetness of the potatoes was a great offset to that pair. On top was a single sage leaf - the most fragrant I've ever smelled - which tied it all together and made it feel like christmas.The third entree was the filet mignon, what Barb would have chosen, had we only had one choice of entree. Served rare to mid-rare, it had the same amazing cookery as the salmon, where the temperature and doneness was consistent throughout to almost within a millimeter of the soft crust. Served with a green peppercorn sauce, by far my favorite sauce of the night, which had spiciness and richness. The mashed potatoes served with the filet were nothing much on their own, but served as a perfect vehicle for the sauce, and the braised collards were noteworthy for both their balanced flavor as well as the fact that they were perfectly cooked. The greens had little snap in the backbone, they weren't wilted as so many collards become. They were barb's first bite off the plate, and made her eyes light up and she was almost rushing me to try a bite. The steak itself was pure silk on a plate. Warm, lucious, flavorful (uncommon for a filet!). Unfortunately, I do think that Barb's half of the filet was slightly more cooked, and came out mid-rare/medium, but mine was perfect.Next, a small goat-cheese log stuffed with dried fruit, rolled in crushed nuts, and served with two pieces of baguette. The baguette had a wonderful quality of being crisp and light (like melba toast, but not as dry), without having a crust that was so hard as to be painful to the gums (as so many toasted baguettes do). Also on the plate were a few tiny slices of celery, and a small drop of wildflower honey. This is not your store-bought-in-a-bear-squeezy honey, but rather it was fragrant and flavourful, very sweet, and brought out a dessertlike quality to the cheese/nut/fruit/bread combination. Barb, I'm sure, would go to great lengths to find that honey again, she enjoyed it so much.Lastly, the cheesecake course. When it arrived, it was small, and we both looked at eachother and said "this is how cheesecake should be served", not a huge slab that's a chore to work through, but a small indulgence at the end of the meal. It was rich, but fluffy, and so moist. None of that powdery or clumpy feel that you get at a factory. Served with a bourbon-vanilla-cream sauce on the plate. The sauce was sweet, complex, but not cloying. The cheesecake was sweet and rich, and I mopped that plate clean. But the whole course was never too much of anything, it was just a perfectly walked tight-rope, never too sweet or too rich, never too moist or too dry, but everything was executed wonderfully.
2	We had a 5-course meal and wine pairings.  The wine is why I gave it 2-stars; otherwise would've been worse as food was very bland.  No creativity to the cooking.  I enjoy extremely nice meals but McNinch is way overpriced for what you get.
5	After driving almost daily by The McNinch House for 7 years, we gave them an opportunity to celebrate our anniversary with them.   Fantastic 3 hours with my bride of 36 years!   Service: 5+ stars.  Food:  a solid 4 stars. I could nit-pick (and for the $$$ tab I'm entitled); however,  the entire staff was kind,  engaging,  knowledgable, and attentive.   I would've given a greater tip (a flat 20% is added on the bill), but there was not an extra line to charge my card.   Bravo for such a wonderful and memorable evening!
5	Can't even begin to describe this place.  First off, the house itself is incredible.  A throwback to craftsmanship construction and not a detail left unattended.  Regarding the food, there's not another place in Charlotte that can even come close to it in my opinion.  We were here celebrating and decided on the Chef's Tasting menu which is a 9-course dinner and I'm not going to belabor you all with the details of each and every dish.  I'll just say that the dishes were thoughtful, creative and cooked to perfection with the touch of a culinary artist.The service was impeccable and not once did we feel rushed to finish or hurry along.  When you reserve here, you basically have the table for the night and that's a good thing because our dinner was over the span of 3 hours (slightly more).  We did chat it up a bit with the staff though.Parking is valet only and is directly behind the house.Bottom line, McNinch is a must do for locals and people visiting alike.
5	A fantastic evening and Wesley could not have been a more pleasant wine steward. Atmosphere truly for the Christmas season. Yes our next special outing will be the McNinch House. Be sure you get the crab cake appetizers!!!!!
5	As a celebration for my birthday and a recent promotion, my wife and I ate here on Friday evening. One of the first reservations of the evening, we were able to be seated in the parlor next to a magnificent Christmas tree. We chose the premier menu (Groupon helped) along with the wine pairing option. Pricey to be sure, but the latter took the evening from wonderful to memorable. It is clear from his excellent choices that our wine steward had taken the time to taste the foods we selected and expertly pair our wines. Each one was spot on and enhanced the courses with which they were paired. For that special occasion with that special person, McNinch House is one of Charlotte's finest.
5	Best service Jorge and team I have ever experienced. Truly this restaurants service and food lives up to all the reviews...
5	My FRIEND and I have been to McNinch House Restaurant over a dozen times. We always look forward to it. The atmosphere is perfect. Service is impecable and the food is always outstanding. It'a a real treat and I hightly recommend it to anyone for a special occasion or a nice romantic dinner for two.
4	Long time Charlotte establishment McNinch House is a dining experience, not just a restaurant. Located in a beautiful Fourth Ward Victorian house, you are dining in an elegant setting. Make sure that you really like the person you're with because an evening at McNinch House is an investment in time. Enjoy yourself - do not feel rushed - pace your beverages - dinner will definitely take a while.My dining partner and I chose the four course dinner. There are options that offer additional courses as well as wine parings if you wish. Wine is also available by the glass, bottle and as flights. We chose crab cakes as our first course. When the plates were served, I thought I was seeing two small biscuits on the plate (yes, the lighting is somewhat dim.) The crab cakes were beautiful and wonderful. The two crab cakes were predominantly chunks of crab with very little seasoning, dusted with a soft flour and very lightly browned. They were served with a lightly dressed slaw and the combination was right on. Perfect. Being in a crab state of mind, we chose she crab soup for our second course. The creme fraiche made in house really added to the flavor of this dish. The small addition of sherry was just right.My companion and I parted company with the entree. She had the rack of lamb and I chose the duck breast. The rack of lamb was cooked to perfection, nicely displayed and exactly what she expected. My duck breast was also perfectly cooked. It was served with a cherry reduction and sweet potato hash. For dessert, we chose their evening's cheesecake. Thinking I would receive the normal size portion, I thought I would be wasting much of my dessert. When the plates arrived, I was very pleased to see a beautiful, small portion. The flavor was wonderful. I ate the whole thing! It was just right.With one exception, the food was five stars. Unfortunately I detected a slight burned flavor in the cherry reduction. It was about 30 seconds too cooked. But that was not enough to ruin the whole food experience.My greater concern involved service. McNinch House is a first class restaurant. I didn't feel like the service was first class for these reasons: we arrived about 10 minutes before our reservation time. The door was locked and after a while we were met at the door by one of the servers. We felt awkward when he said for us to wait and look around if we wished. I would have preferred him to take my coat then and offer to take a drink order. The waiting was not a problem, the awkwardness was. Secondly, the servers did not stick with the tried and true rules of which side to serve and from which side to remove plates. In several instances the servers crossed in front of us to remove something from the table in spite of the fact there was plenty of room behind both of us. Lastly, I don't mind an automatic gratuity and I don't object to a 20% gratuity since I normally tip that amount anyway. What I do object to is tipping on the taxed amount. This means I am tipping on more than 20% and I don't think that is right at all.I hope to someday return to McNinch House. I do recommend this restaurant with some reservation (but not the food - it was wonderful.)
5	Went for a romantic dinner with my wife. Excellent food. Chose the 5 course selection. Delightful service, knowledgeable waiters, amazing food. We decided to pair cocktails with our pre, main and dessert courses. It was a wonderful choice. I highly recommend the duck and salmon. In fact, I recommend everything they have. Will definitely be returning. If you can, take a quick tour of the house, it is beautiful. Although, the classical music playing is somewhat cliche of a 1980s movie scene where a ragamuffin walks in and every turns and looks at them, it is very classy. All in all, please make this restaurant your choice for a celebration; let it be an anniversary or a birthday. If you have any questions, the staff will be more than glad to assist you.
