5	This dental office is definitely great! I have been coming to Dr. Shumway and his team for several years now. In terms of service they are beyond great! They always go the extra mile to be sure their patients are happy and comfortable.A few notes:1). The waiting area is very comfortable and inviting. They usually have the tv on and magazines available. They also have a soft-serve yogurt machine available for those waiting as well as bottled water. 2). The staff at the front are always helpful, polite, and welcoming. Barbara is always cheerful and friendly. 3). Visiting the dentist is never fun but they make it as comfortable as possible. During any procedure they offer patients the availability of watching tv and have some pretty cool wrap around headphones to use. They have a large catalog of movies to watch or the tv. The chairs are also comfy and are tempur-pedic ones. 4). Overall, any service they offer from a cleaning to a filling is quality top-notch service. Both Dr. Shumways are great. Shumway Dental Care is a family owned business and their effort to create a family feeling is clear in how they service their patients.
5	Awesome!
1	They dropped United Concordia and failed to inform patients. Now I owe $85 for a routine cleaning without X-rays. I cannot recommend. Make sure they take your provider before getting service done.
5	I have been going to Shumway Dental for almost 8 years. I enjoy their care so much I moved with them to Gilbert and still continued to drive out to them after I moved further into Central Phoenix from Tempe. I trust them with my teeth, they inspire me to be better with my dental hygiene and they are always staying ahead of the game in dental innovations. Great facilities - after your visit you are rewarded with cookies, frozen yogurt and cold water! It's a great experience for a dentist.
5	Dr Shumway has been very helpful with providing resources to resolve my teeth issues. They do an excellent job with cleaning my teeth with little to no discomfort. I have very sensitive teeth. The staff is great and caring to work with.
5	Thank you Dr. Andrew and staff for a painless dental appointment!  From what I remember, LOL, you all were all very caring and gentle.  And Kim, thank you for helping me to overcome my fear of cleanings--you were so...amazing :))
1	I just found out something awful about this dental office and as of right now I cannot comment other than to say I am shocked and saddened.  I am not shocked at my look because I have had to look in the mirror every day since my procedure and see a smile that is way too large for my mouth and face.  They look like dentures.  I have to live with it.  I was not happy with the results.  That is not what shocked me though.  Once more people find out about it, perhaps I will be able to expand on this review.  I would like that opportunity to do so when the time comes.
