5	Adulthood and responsibilities have brought me to the lifestyle of the constant oil change. Or maybe it's still having a car from the 90's and wanting to make sure my beater car runs as well as it possibly can. Yeah, the latter. I've recently found a Oil Change location that I trust and that is Valvoline Instant Oil Change off of University Avenue in Madison. Not to be confused with their many other locations, while the other ones I've used have a friendly staff, this spot has a knowledgeable and direct staff (friendly too, of course). I can't remember the guy's name (Steve maybe?) but he's been there both times I've gone in and he tells me what my car needs and what I can go without for a while.Plus, they aren't shy about discounts - bring your receipt back, write a review, check in on FourSquare - all of these are easy ways to make your visit more affordable. Oh, and if you go regularly, they sometimes give you a 15% discount card to be used on your next visit.Their hours are actually somewhat convenient too - open until 6pm Monday thru Friday, plus Saturday AND Sunday hours? Bonus! I think I got there at 5:45 one night and had to wait about 15 minutes to get in (just a little after they officially closed), but they still spent the time to service my vehicle and were just as pleasant as usual. Professionals, that's what you'll get here.
5	These guys were great. They went above and beyond. Not only did they change my oil super quickly, but they fixed a lose hose that was causing gas fumes to leak into the cabin, gave me advice on how to deal with a frozen wiper sprayer and cleaned out the remains of a nest that some animal had built. They even put on my new license plates (I had just come from the DMV). Top notch service.
5	Fast, efficient, and did a great job. I used a foursquare check-in to get $5 off my conventional oil change. I recommend these guys.
5	The folks there were a solid group who knew their business and got the job done quickly and professionally.  They knew what the car needed, topped everything off, adjusted tires, etc.  Went above and beyond and were very quick.  I would most certainly go back again.
