1	What genius came up with this idea? Let's see, what would be a great idea for a new sports bar/ restaurant. Hmm how bout have chicks in corsets and lingerie serve the food and dance. I'm a member of lunch club and was sent a 50% off coupon for this place..Called a few friends and we all met there for lunch. I had no idea what to expect, but women walking around in lingerie at noon was not it. In addition (no offense) the girls were not attractive.. I would have paid them to put more clothes on.. It was like seeing the D dancers, only in broad daylight and I wasn't drunk, I was clad in my corporate attire on my lunch break. Weird. The food was horrible, really horrible, but I don't suppose many people are going for the food. The chicks couldn't even get in to the "fantasy" they were supposed to be creating. At one point a girl hopped up on  table and began hula hooping with the most bored expression on her face.. And she couldn't hula hoop either so her show lasted about 7 seconds. Lame.
1	Look, I don't have a problem with the concept. Bring on the fun and sexy girls in lingerie. I'll eat crappy food, I'll put up with bad service, I probably won't even notice the dirty restaurant. But if that's your thing, if fun and sexy girls are your gimmick, you better make damn sure your girls are fun and sexy. Which the girls at Fantasy Grill are not. So what have you got when you remove fun and sexy girls from the equation? Crappy food, bad service and a dirty restaurant. F'in gross, man. Stay away.
2	This place is a trip. Here's the rundown on "F.G." It used to be a sports bar with not-so-hottie waitresses, Coors flowing like water, D-Backs all over the place. Then one day, POOF! It's now a gay bar! Why? Who knows. But it is. We went to check it out one night just to see what the hell was going on. Inside, it still looks like a sports bar. There's everything you would expect to find in a typical sports bar and nothing you would expect to find in a typical gay bar. Except, the big screen TVs that once hosted Cardinals' games were NOW showing a commercial for "Guys Gone Wild" and playing some show from Logo. After it started getting less and less likely that it was just some "weird awkward scene on the TV that would pass" and more and more likely that this channel was all male all the time, the guys at the table behind us started getting confused. One of them asked, "What kind of place IS this?!"My friend responded, "You do know you're at a gay bar, right?"They had no idea. Their reactions ranged from sheer terror to amusement all in the span of like 3 seconds. It was weird. Finally one of them asked, "But, are we welcome here?"To which my friend responded, "Well that's up to you..." They were uncomfortable and left a few minutes later. (But one of them was dancing outside the window as they left?)I don't know, it was kind of entertaining. But come on, F.G.! If you're going to be a gay bar, you need to thoroughly gay it up. The Budweiser posters need to come down. So does the Kathy Ireland shit. Do something. Fantasy Grill needs to get an identity and create something out of it. Right now, it doesn't know where or what it is, and neither do the people that are there. Everyone's just confused and it's not because they're drunk. This place might be able to have potential, and the sports-bar-to-gay-bar transition is admirable, but let's seriously reevaluate our situation. That being said, I'm keeping my eye on you, F.G.Highlight: The bartender left before we did.
2	The "F.G." has apparently closed down... For good. I can't help but feel a little bit bad. I really did want to see it make the "full transformation." But maybe it just wasn't meant to be. Ah well.
