1	Had an appt yesterday for my son. After filling out all the paperwork, I was informed that they were not a participating provider for my son's primary insurance. I told the girl I understood that and I wanted to use our secondary insurance and I would pay the out of pocket expenses (co-pay/deductible). She stated that it's against their policy and we could not be seen. I asked her what the problem was, and she couldn't tell me anything except " that's the policy". As an insurance biller for twenty years, I cannot believe a doctors office would turn away a patient for no good reason. That's a lazy office that can't make a simple phone call or print one more form to make sure their Dr will get paid. It's easier just to say "no, that's the policy".
1	When I made my appointment and asked for the address of the office I was told it was on Windmill and Pacos, when I asked for an address the man on the other end said its on Windmill and Pacos, that's all you need. Then when I got the reminder phone call the day before the appionmtnt, the lady leaving the message said, at the end, " oh, and it's $25 for a no show/no call" and hung up. I thought that was a little rude on top of the address thing, THEN on the day of the appointment....my appointment was for 9am, I was told on the message to get there at 8:30 for paper work, I was a little late, arrived at 8:50 and they refused to see me and wanted to reschedule. I told them this was a bad experience from the very start and I would be taking my business elsewhere. I am sure the Dr is a good one, but the staff is extremely rude.
1	I had an appointment scheduled at the office in Henderson on a Wednesday. I received all call from them on the Friday before my visit asking if I could reschedule because the provider was not going to be in on the Wednesday. I rescheduled for the following Monday.  I was told to show up at 2:50 with my downloaded forms completed by the person who rescheduled me. This is what I did.  As I signed in (at 2:50) the girl behind the desk told me my appointment was at 2:40.  I politely told her that when they called me to reschedule I was told 2:50.  She said, "ok, well I'll see what I can do". A few minutes later I was called up by a different receptionist who told me that I'd have to be rescheduled.  I was polite as I told her that I had already been inconvenienced by being rescheduled the first time and that it was their office who told me 2:50, and by that account I was on time. I told them that I had made arrangements to leave work early to be at this appointment and that I'd really appreciate being seen. She told me that she agreed with me that it was not my fault I was told the wrong time but that I still could not be seen.  She said she could have the office manager call me. I told her to do so.  Then I left, very mad, but still somehow composed.  I waited a day and never heard from the office manager.  I then called a left a message for the "office administrator" (an option on their automated call system), hoping that this person could right this wrong and save me this bad experience.  It's been over 2 weeks now and I've not received any sort of call from this office, either from the administrator or to reschedule. Maybe the provider is good, but I wouldn't know because the office staff could not seem to get it together enough for me to be seen. Save yourself the trouble.
