3	My husband and I went here for their all you can eat pasta special. I have mixed feelings about it since there were some good points and some bad ones. I'll start with the bad points. On my 2nd helping of pasta (I was really hungry), I ordered their new Roasted Portobello Pomodoro on orecchiette. Even though I loved the fact that they didn't slice and dice up the portebello mushroom, the sauce tasted like it was burnt. I took a few bites of it and after I tried to doctor it up with some parmesan cheese and salt, I could still taste the burnt sauce. I ended up not eating the rest of it. The other bad point about the whole meal was the plates/bowls were so hot, you couldn't touch them and the meal came out like lava hot. My husband and I had to sit there and wait for the food to cool off a little to be bearable.Now to the good stuff. Even though the hostess was a bit flighty, we did not have to wait long to be seated. We also were not set at a table where my infant daughter would be in the most crowded and busiest section in the restaurant. I ordered the Creamy Parmesan Florentine one penne and it had the right amount of spinach in it and the sauce had the right amount of alfredo and parmesan in it that none of the ingredients overpowered each other. My husband ordered the five cheese marinara on fettuccine and he was quite pleased with it. The breadsticks and salad were very good this time around. Normally we usually get jipped on the salad dressing and croutons but this time it was fully loaded. With our meals, we ordered a glass of wine. Normally I tend to stay away from the sparkling wines, but this one was great! The wine was Moscato and it tasted like a sweater Asti (but not too sweat). Each different types of sauce, this wine went quite well with. I highly recommend it!Olive Garden has a new dessert out called the Pumpkin cheesecake. This was absolutely heavenly! I usually don't order any kind of dessert with whipped cream on it but I decided to brave it. I was not disappointed. It was so rich and creamy and the decoration of caramel drizzle complimented the spice in the pumpkin flavor nicely. The crust was a graham cracker crust, lightly sweetened and they sprinkled more graham cracker bits on the caramel. This was such a great ending to our meal!I give this restaurant 3 stars because I wasn't completely impressed with our waitress. She kept asking us more than once what we ordered instead of writing it down if she knew she wasn't going to be able to remember it. Also, because of the temperature of the plates and the fact that my meal tasted burnt the 2nd time around. I don't know what it is about NC Olive Gardens, I was never disappointed with the ones in Florida.
5	I took my daughter here for a birthday lunch. She's never had someone come to the table and sing to her so we made sure to save room for dessert in hopes of the table singing. Well, they no longer sing at the table but the adorable waitress offered to sing with me. I took her up on her offer since I was all psyched up for table singing. She and I sang together to my daughter. I couldn't believe this sweet college-aged girl sang to us. The service was very attentive. The food tasted great. The tiramisu is always good. It's cleaner than the one at Carolina Place. I highly recommend it.
1	Here is my question ... I have been to two Olive Gardens one in Salisbury one in Concord Mills. Why are these two unlike any others in any other state? TERRIBLE TERRIBLE !  The one in Savannah and ones in Florida are actually pretty good .        First we where attacked by flies and had instant mashed gnocchi ( at The Salisbury Location)YUCK then 19 sticks of butter where put on my dish Look my name is not Paula Deen... ( at The Concord Mills location.)          Not to mention that the place was nasty there was trash and food all over the floor and the table was not even wiped down and you want me to sit here?Then the utensils and the plates had old FOOD on them. NASTY Just take a look at the picture and you will see.          Needless to say this is my last Olive Garden visit in this area WHERE IS THE HEALTH DEPARTMENT WHEN YOU NEED THEM?)
3	Not to put down a chain restaurant, but then it's a chain restaurant... you get what you get.  I was meeting someone at this exit for dinner and frankly Olive Garden seems to be the best option (Hooters... No Thanks!).  The place was pretty busy for 8pm on a Sunday; I guess decent dining options in this area is still that limited.  The service was ok, but our waitress wasn't the best at refilling drinks.  Menu hasn't changed much, but they now have a new soup (Chicken & Gnocchi) which I tried and thought was pretty good :)  I had Short Ribs w/ Risotto in a Chianti wine sauce.  The rib meat was tender.  The sauce was good, even the risotto was acceptable.  The baffling part is why the f they put plain ole green beans and julienne carrots all over the top of my risotto?!  I guess that may have to do with the fact that I was at a restaurant where white zin is considered a quality wine option (and obviously very popular among the ladies...)  Ok, that was my smarty pants self coming out.  Besides the little oddity of my dish, the entire "experience" was a-ok.
5	My FAVORITE restaurant!!
3	Not as good of service as other locations, but man I love Olive Garden regardless.
4	While I am not a huge Olive Garden fan, this trip exceeded my normal experience with this chain restaurant.  I chose the chicken and dumpling soup with my meal and it was EXCELLENT!  I could easily have made a meal just from it!  Breadsticks were on the money this time and plentiful for our party of 8 and our 2 waitresses rocked it out for service!  I had the stuffed Chicken Marsala and substituted Tuscan potatoes and bell peppers for the parmesan mashed potatoes that I don't like with no trouble! Our glasses were never empty, our wait was only about 30 mins for a large table and everyone loved their menu selections.  Even for Concord Mills area dining, this was a great experience!
3	The food was good, but our waiter got our order wrong twice. My friends and I had to wait three times to make sure we got our correct order. Atmosphere is lively and great.Cleanliness is what you would expect for the big chain restaurant.Service was sub par.Food was above average.Value for the money, was middle of the pack.
5	Always a big fan of Olive garden, dencent food, dencent price, great service. Since we haven't find a nice local italy restaurant, here seems to be our top choice whenever we wanna have some pasta!
4	As of January 2013, Olive garden has this new section on their menu called "Small Plates".  It's basically italian tapas.  The last two times I've been there, that's what I've ordered.  The portions are perfect and the selections are really tasty.  You can order a couple of items and pair them with the ever-present salad and bread sticks for a night meal.  I really enjoyed the wide selection and felt that this was a great way to dine and sample a few different tastes, as opposed to the gigantic bowl of pasta option.The location at Concord Mills is great.  They have loyal staff who I feel really do strive to create a happy experience.  As far as chains go, this is one of my top pics.
2	Four stars for the two appetizers (calamari and spicy shrimp)' both were very enjoyable.  The salad was also very good.  One star for the main entrees.  Both mine and the wife's were awful.  I had the tilapia with asparagus.  The asparagus was way over cooked the the fish was very dry.  Wife had a pasta dish and was very disappointed. The kids meals were okay.Atmosphere wasn't very appealing since areas were dirty in the waiting area and the dining area near the fireplace.  Wait staff was very inconsistent, our waiter was very neglectful, while the waitress at the table next to us seemed very attentive to her tables and we had to ask her for refills on bread, salad and drinks while our waiter was MIA.Bottom line, go somewhere else while in the Concord Mills area.
5	I always enjoy dinner at Olive Garden and this location is one of the best I have been. I love the fact that they have changed the menu and offer small portions of food and deserts. Servers make sure you have the best experience and their mix drinks are the best! I deffinetly recomment!!
4	Service was prompt and courteous. The food was very tasty and serving size was more than adequate. Overall an enjoyable meal and experience.
2	OG was never premier in Italian food, yet it was a notch above what we experienced.  The best part of our meals was the soup & bread sticks ( maybe we should have ordered just that)Our server was decent and the meal was just blah. We saw some new menu items and figured maybe the promotions would be flavorful. I see why they have all these specials. I will say the Steak Gorgonzola Alfredo is pretty good/used to be. I hate that I tried some new chicken dish.  At this location, there were about 6 servers standing around in a group and socializing. I know it was the weekend and you want your staff, but it was really dead for so many  hands on deck.  IMHO, OG need another facelift and try to focus on  having really good limited choices versus the opposite. I doubt I will be back to any OG anytime soon. For the bill and lack of quality, we wished we would have just ordered a gourmet pizza. :)
3	This is one of the better Olive Garden locations in Charlotte's surrounding areas. They were packed, but we waited only a short time. Our waitress was friendly and the food came out quickly. I am always a skeptical about Oliva Garden, they are hit or miss. But at this location the food was good! It was a good experience overall.
5	We went to this Olive Garden on December 3rd and were blown away by the wonderful service!  The food was, as always, filling and enjoyable.  But the attentive and professional level of service was what made this Olive Garden experience one to remember.  We will be back!
2	Once in a while I get dragged into this fine establishment by the ear.  It was a major craving during my wife's pregnancy.  That and Taco Bell, if that tells you anything.  I'm not a fan.  I don't find their take on Italian to be very authentic and I think the ever changing menu is their sad scraping the barrel attempt at trying to captivate a new audience.  Claw harder my friends.  Sure, the classic lasagna will suffice.  The salad dressing is on point and the chicken gnocchi (their take on chicken and dumplings) is decent.  Other than that, it's the same cookie cutter OG as any other and equally lacking in substance.  Not to mention the service blows more often than not.  If this is your thing then chow down.  Don't let me stop you but I'd take Carrabba's over the OG any day of the week.  That or Maggiano's but I'd still opt for the more unique establishments if given the option.
1	:(
3	I am not a huge fan of most chain restaurants but Olive Garden is one of the few I enjoy.  I like their recipes and they always have some good deal going on. The toughest choice is always whether to get soup or salad as both are great starters.  Try not to eat too many breadsticks so that you can eat your dinner. :)
3	Food was good, our waiter was great. Almost a perfect experience except the hostess bitch was RUDE (fat one)!!
4	Good Service! I had the usual soup, salad and breadsticks.
5	As usual, Olive Garden is always jam packed with people on the weekends! It's a good thing the servers and hosts were friendly and nice. The ambience was speedy and loud since we weren't placed in our usual spot in a separate room. We had to cram a party of 12 in the middle of the hallway. This month's 2 for $25 deal isn't so bad. However, the "appetizer" is just soup or salad and you can get that with any entree. You're pretty much getting a free dessert and one discounted entree. The choices are delicious though!
5	This particular Olive Garden was great. I've been to another one but this Olive Garden I would give two thumbs up. We had a party of 6 and was seated right away (it was dinner time). The waitress was very friendly, constantly checked up on us to make sure our dinner was going great and on point with our orders. The food was amazing and very filling. I was a satisfied customer as well as my family.
3	Decent Olive Garden, not the best we have been to. Waitress got the husbands order wrong and didn't ask if we wanted anything extra (like more breadsticks, salad, or soup). Food was par for the course. I felt like the portion of the shrimp scampi appetizer was smaller than I've ever had. It was served in the mini appetizer plate, but was still 8.79. Husband got chicken fettuccine Alfredo, wasn't the best he's had from Olive Garden either. There were only 2 gnocchis in my chicken and gnocchi soup. We had to remind the waitress that my husband was getting dessert.
5	I am going to start this review by saying I'm a little bias due to the fact that I went to Olive Garden (different location) for a recent Yelp event and had an amazing time!  The food was flat out delicious and the service was impeccable.  With this is mind, I just had to go back right?  I've now been to Olive Garden THREE times in the past seven days! Suddenly, as my fingers are pecking the keys, I'm starting to realize how sad/compulsive that sounds....but I digress......In case you didn't know, on Monday's Olive Garden does this buy-one, take-one-home dinner special.  They offer a variety of pasta entrees to choose from initially, then you get to take a second pasta entree (of lesser value) home, plus unlimited salad and breadsticks!  I mean, I don't know about you, but that's one hell of a deal!  Had a chance to go there tonight actually, ordered the citrus chicken as the initial entree and got the spaghetti with meat sauce to go!  Oh, and if that wasn't know, you also get a free Redbox rental when you check in on yelp once you're there.  The service?  You know it was great.  You don't even have to ask.  Attentive -  feels like the appropriate adjective to describe the service.    Want to spice up you Monday dinner routine? Allow me to suggest the re-branded Olive Garden......see ya next Monday!
4	What to say, its Olive Garden.
1	Ok let's start from the beginning, the only part of our dinner that was good was Amber the waitress. She was on point, and that's where our positive experience stopped, oh wait the bread sticks and salad were good and our soda and tea were good also, now that's where it stops. The food was horrible I had the fettuccine Alfredo, not good. Very bland and the sauce was chunky, my better half had the eggplant that was soggy and she said it was like it was they warmed it up in the microwave. I did taste it and wanted to spit it out. It was, like my favorite line from Caddy Shack, "This taste  like low grade dog food !" Thank you Rodney. I would steer as far from this place as I could
1	Went yesterday an wasnt impressed, salad was barely green, bread was beyond salty, and noodles felt a little undercooked. The food tasted like it had been microwaved, and if I wanted that I could just paid for a frozen meal at Walmart which would have been cheaper. Needless to say i wont be returning anytime soon, to this or any olive garden chain.
3	Met one of my dear friends here today for lunch...YAY for lunch specials!I'm a huge fan of their salad & breadsticks, so I was happy to see the "salad, breadsticks & soup" for $6.99. I wasn't truly inspired by the soup offerings (I loved their Italian wedding soup they used to have), I went with the Pasta e Fagioli. We didn't wait long for the salad; however, it took a bit of time to receive our breadsticks & our entrees (my soup & her pasta entree). The soup was extremely hot, but very hearty & had just enough spicy kick. The breadsticks were so yummy & soft. The salad was just "ok", just didn't seem as tasty as I remember; very light on the dressing. Our waitress was nice & she wasn't overbearing. The restaurant was clean.Plenty of parking & easy off & on 85.
2	We have been to this location several times. On each of the occasions, the service has typically been pretty great. However, the food is always not been so great. The food is usually lukewarm at best. They even have new oven baked bowls which I thought would make the food warmer but if anything it was worse then the last time I went there. The food at this Olive Garden location simply sucks compared to other local Italian restaurant places you can find in the Charlotte area.  This is just another chain Italian restaurant that should be ignored unless you are in a city that only has the Olive Garden as an Italian option. Goodbye Olive Garden. I can see why investors and myself are done with this restaurant. Stale and overpriced. Peace.
