5	I love TV's Taproom.  The atmosphere is great, food delicious and servers are very friendly.  And the menu is diversified - something for everyone!  It is so nice to have this in our neighborhood.  Such an amazing improvement from the Verde Grill.
4	Keep our fingers crossed!  Our first try, for happy hour yesterday, was pretty darn good.  And at 5pm, they had a very good crowd.  The old Verde Grill was up and down- more down than up - and Shea decided to change the plan to a "neighborhood hang."  It's located on the Trilogy Golf Course....a very neat bar area, casual as you would expect.  But the dining room is also newly casual and also has a bar and stool set up in front of the open pizza often. (no pizza yet....maybe in a month?).  When the weather is nice, the outside seating is great.  Limited menu, apps, salads (good sized), sandwiches and a few "dinner" plates.  The beer is served nice and cold! And they've got a fair selection.  We split an antipasto plate - very good for the happy hour $10.  Don't know what the happy hour beer is, our choice didn't qualify.Looking forward to going back for lunch, and then maybe dinner.  (The filet and  the Delmonico are in the $25 area).
3	Recently remodeled at Vistancia. The bar used to be empty most of the time. On our visit is was full of people and energy. Nice experienceIf you want to sit outside they have a terrific view of the golf course and surrounding area. The food is standard bar food and done ok, but the energy and view make it worth visiting.
3	My wife went their with a bunch of neighborhood ladies last Wednesday.  She said they were jammed.  And service was horrible!  V's - you're not used to crowds.....you  better learn fast or you'll be back at the Verde Grill days!
5	We love V's, and all the guests we've taken have loved it too.  Food, service, views all excellent !!
5	To start off,  the pizza  AMAZING!  We had the spicy italian one and it was soooo good!  We need to try a few other pizzas there. We dined  at v's taproom (formerly known as verde grill) last Wednesday and had a great experience. The service was definitely up to par and the ambiance was perfect.  The restaurant overlooks the golf course. I also recommend the  crispy brussels sprouts to start with.  I'm not even a big fan  of Brussels sprouts and these were for sure worth having again! Overall try V's Taproom! I will definitely be back
2	Food was excellent, it is summer and the bar had about 6 customers, 2 of them regulars and drunks. The lady talked at full volume to everyone in the building.I got the impression these people go there ever night and feel the world is better because of it. I for one will not be returning until the birds come back and there is enuf ambient noise to drown these people out. Not sure what V's should do differently other than stop serving drunks.
4	V's Taproom, the restaurant formerly known as Verde Grill, reminds me of a chameleon because it adapted to its changing surroundings. Change is always a gamble, but V's Taproom might have hit it right this time, because whenever we go there now, even during the week around 5-6pm, the place is crowded. The table sets indoors have been replaced with more modern sleek ones. The entire east wall was torn down and replaced with an impressive woodfire grill for pizzas. Pizzas which were once a menu item only placed there to appease a popular need have now become part of the centerpiece of what they've evolved into. The Wild Mushroom is one of my favorites, because we all know how much I love truffles. Unfortunately, only the truffle oil is included in this pizza, but still very flavorful. The Spicy Italian follows a close second since I'm an avid meat fan. The Margherita pizza is typically my favorite at other restaurants but here, it seems to be missing something, and I can't figure it out. The beer selection has come a long way. With beers from Belgium to Chicago to Colorado to Oregon to right here in Arizona. I'm glad to know that more are represented now compared to the selection from Verde Grill. Full Sail IPA has always been one of my favorites, and that's not biased at all even though I lived in Oregon for several years and spent many a sunny summery day in Hood River (wink, wink). The Millionaire Burger is one of my favorite orders. You really can't go wrong with a buttered brioche bun, twice ground chuck, bacon, and cheddar which are key ingredients in my book. Add the fried egg, always. The fish and chips is particularly good here. I like the way the fish is breaded - flaky but still with substance. I've ordered it 3 or 4 times now and sometimes to go, and the fish was cooked to my liking each time. I know, hard to mess up right? Well most places, the fish tends to be overcooked, but so far I've been lucky here. Short rib tacos. Prepare to drink a lot of water. It tends to be salty. It's good, but not knock your socks off amazing. We do enjoy the loaded nachos. Similar to the short rib tacos, they are good and perhaps better. The loaded nachos are an appetizer though, not an entree and the taste improves with each sip of beer. My hubby is a huge fan of them and orders them every time. My brain says, "Eh, since they're here in front of me, I'll eat them." I give kudos to V's for extending the "signature libations" menu. So far, and NOT all at once, I've tried the Vesper Martini, the 1792 Manhattan, Cuba Libre, the Rusty Nail, and my fav, the Old Fashioned. I don't like drinks that sweet, so I rather enjoyed these cocktails since they've made them a bit on the stronger side. I really love the convenience factor of this restaurant, and as other patrons have mentioned, at times the place is busy, the service can get rocky like a small little fishing boat in the middle of the Bermuda Triangle. Just kidding! Okay so maybe not the Bermuda Triangle, but maybe in a Class II-III typhoon. You know.. the boat survives but barely, trucking away at its hardest. I'm rooting for V's Taproom to "hang" in there since it strives to be the neighborhood hangout. I think in time it will tie in its loose ends with more happy hour specials, special tasting events, and listening to feedback from not only their target audience in Vistancia, but also those that travel from beyond the 303 as well.
5	Excellent thin crust. Pizza and wine four two for o lunch w0 bucks.  And they served the wine in a crafe with gave us each 2 glasses full.  Someone else wrote no vegetarian food but I've had the kale chopped salad and it was great.  It's always crowded even in off season I'd say that's a positive vote with people's dollars that this place is great.
5	I absolutely love this place. Been here over a handful of times and every time has been a great experience. Only once did we have subpar service but I overlooked it because I haven't seen that waitress since. We've been here with friends who have also raved about this hidden restaurant. I find the inside bar and dining areas too cold and always sit on the patio. The patio on the hottest of days is still cool. With their mister system combined with the patio-side large waterfall feature you would never know it was hot outside. They've done a fine job controlling the temperature on the patio allowing you to enjoy the golf course and sky. Plus the waterfall is so soothing. Aside from the one time, we've had great service every time. Tonight, Layton was our waiter. He has a great personality and sense of humor. Plus he's quick and keeps an eye on your table. Fun guy. Average pricing with amazing food made from local ingredients. My favorite is the crispy brussel sprouts. To die for. They have Friday night all you can eat fish fry that is tasty. My husband really likes their traditional wings and I have to say they are pretty good. My favorite meal is the millionaire burger but I haven't yet tried everything on the menu. I intend to though. I recommend this local golf club restaurant to anyone. Really good food in a relaxing setting. I recommend the patio your first time. Enjoy!
4	1st time at this establishment last night. The whole family really enjoyed the nice scenery, and we can only imagine how nice it must be when the temperatures are nicer. We sat out on the patio last night, and between the misters and the ceiling fans it was very nice. The service was very good. The food was surprisingly also really good. I recommend the short rib tacos. My wife and daughter shared the millionaire burger, which they really enjoyed but felt it could have used a little more seasoning. My other daughter had the oriental chicken salad. She really liked it, but needed to ask for extra salad dressing since it was a little dry. We were really pleasantly surprised and will make this a staple in our list of favorite restaurants. The prices were reasonable, and they have a full bar. Also, it's an OK place for kids, but not really little ones. There really isn't much to capture their attention, other than being able to run around the perimeter of the golf course. Good Job, keep it up and we will be back for ourselves and family/friends.
4	Great atmosphere, an older crowd but it is in Trilogy and that is fine.  We had no kids so thought we would give it a try.  We got the pizza beer special and artichoke dip to start.  First beer was a little slow coming out, but it was cold and spot on.  Artichoke dip was great.  Pizza came and it was good, but not great thus 4 stars.  Could use a little more seasoning.  However, you could tell ingredients were very fresh.  For sure on the no kid night list.
2	A previous reviewer mentioned the fact that the full bar here has a woman patron who comes in most nights and is usually over-served.  She clearly can't hold her booze and becomes extremely loud and obnoxious.  The bar tenders have NO TRAINING and just keep pouring her more.   We live in Trilogy and know many neighbors who stopped going there because of this.My wife and I were accosted by her two years ago and left angry without ordering food .  We complained by phone the next day but have seen no change since.On another note, V's Taproom's food is just mediocre.  I ordered a Cabernet Sauvignon to have with my short ribs and got a wine glass 1/2 full of ice cold box wine from their refrigerator.  When I mentioned that my red wine was ice cold I was told by a puzzled and untrained waitress that that was the way they serve it--sort of "take it or leave it".If you stick with ordering greasy fried food, and don't mind eating such unhealthy fare, you will be better off.Pretty much anything that requires skill or training will be screwed up.I know this review is really negative, but ask yourself why the Lakeside Grille five minutes up Happy Valley is always packed, even late into the evening?  They have much better food, are less expensive, and are much, friendlier.  I truly wish there was evidence that the management would take these criticisms to heart and upgrade the place-if only enough to attract the more informed diner.
1	No comments
5	We have eaten here a couple of times for dinner since they remolded and changed names. Formerly known as Verde Grill. We always eat outside so I can't speak for service dining inside. Food was always as described and tasted great. Service well attended to our needs. Price was decent and as expected for a place inside a community on a golf course. Clean and not loud. Plenty of space, you don't feel like you are eating with the table next to you. We shall return again...
4	Dropped in for drinks a little late last night, had a small bit of confusion and want to say that the manager, Chris was the friendliest, most accommodating guy!The patio is really nice with a fireplace. Good beer selection and decent food.
5	Have family that lives in the area and when we come to town to visit, this is one of the places we have to go to.  Other people comment that the place is busy during dinner time.  A restaurant busy during dinner?!?Highly suggest you try the pulled pork sliders.
