4	I heard that this new restaurant opened up recently and wanted to check it out.   I'm not usually dining or hanging out in the Westgate area of Glendale, but I had tickets for the U2 concert.  So I got to kill two birds at the same time.I was hoping to eat here and was told by the hostess that there were no tables open before the concert.  I guess that's understandable since everyone and there brother was going to the concert.  Every restaurant was busy at Wesgate, but I managed to get a sandwich at another place and was back at Bice Bistro after my meal.  What drew me hear was the vibe inside the restaurant.  Wasn't ghetto or full of beer drinking fools.  It felt somewhat upscale, but with a Scottsdale sort of flair.  I ordered a glass of wine and sat at the nicely done wrap around bar.  Next time I come back I'll have to try the food to see if it lives up to my expectations I have set for the place.
3	So a friend of mine is here for business and I we ventured out to the Westgate area. I had not been over in the area for quite some time since moving to North Phoenix and I must admit, it has changed (but for the better of course) We were seated immediately as at the time we were the only customers in the restaurant at the time, I was around 5pm and everyone knows that if there is nothing going on at jobing.com arena, then business is pretty slow around those parts. Our waitress, Michelle, was cheerful and not overbearing. Me likey! My friend ordered the crab and shrimp stuffed ravioli and I ordered the prosciutto and fresh mozzarella panini. Now although my friend enjoyed her meal very much, I was disappointed as I didn't realize that my panini was not going to be the warm panini that I am so used to. Had that been the case, I would have ordered the scallop and saffron risotto which was the risotto of the day. Darn on my part. I will admit that Michelle did offer to have them warm it for me or get me something else, but I told her not to worry about it. It was my mistake for not checking to see if it was going to be warm. Take note, not all panini's are the same. For dessert, we both ordered the key lime pie which actually turned out to be a key lime cheesecake. I swear it said key lime pie and not key lime cheesecake as we both ordered the same thing thinking we would get a key lime pie. Don't get me wrong, it was good, but I was hoping for the actual key lime pie. Darn. So again remember, not all panini's are made the same. Make sure that if you order that to ask if it is going to be warm or cold. Also make sure that if you order a pie its an actual pie and not cheesecake.  I may give this place another try if I am ever out that way. Remember to ask for Michelle. She was great.
1	Mehhh. Another blase, over-priced and flavorless "Italian" eatery, and they did an awful job trying to "correct" my undercooked meal.I was out with my lady friends seeing an event at the Jobing.com arena, and the Westgate City Center has an array of restaurants... one of every theme. An Irish pub, Mexican, Steakhouse, Japanese, etc. Italian was the only thing we all agreed on, so off we went.The area was packed, not only because of the event, but the Cardinals game at the stadium next door.  The hostess was unprofessional and kind of rude, but seated us immediately.  The menus were abbreviated for "special events" which left the selections lacking.  The best part of the experience was the server, who was actually also the main part of the problem.  He was enthusiastic, sincere and helpful... but he talked me into ordering the Gnocchi instead of the Pappardelle with tomato cream sauce, and then when the food arrived, said he forgot to change the order in the computer.  The pappardelle was extremely bland, and the "home-made" pasta tasted soggy and undercooked and was really unappetizing.  He must have noticed that I hadn't eaten much of my dish (as my friends were feeding my bites of theirs, which were better than mine, though still not excellent by any means) and he came by and said he'd fix it in a flash.  He took it back to the kitchen, and then came by to say that he would not be charging me for my pappardelle and would be bringing me the gnocchi.The check was dropped off and credit cards were ran. He then came back by to ask for the credit cards back and explained that "the chef was irritated because the gnocchi wasn't on the special event menu" so I wouldn't be getting it at all. Also, the gnocchi had been charged for, though he said that my meal would be free of charge.  He re-ran the cards, we re-signed and left.The entire experience was sub-par, and for the pricey dishes, you'd expect a better menu, better flavor and better service.  I will not be back.
5	I'm stunned at the hate towards Bice Bistro.  I've spent two evenings there this week and received superior service and excellent drinks and food.  Located in the Westgate section of Glendale, Bice Bistro is one of the only options for a relaxing meal in a classy setting.  Coming from the Philadelphia area, the last thing I expected was to eat pasta in the Midwest.  A two hour hike up and down Camelback Mountain yesterday morning changed my tune.  By dinner, I was ravenous for a meal that satisfied.  One look at the homemade pasta options on the menu had me ready to give it a try.  My fresh pappardelle tossed in tomato sauce with a touch of cream and topped with mozzarella was just as good as any pasta dish I've had in Philly's Italian restaurants.  My mom's angel hair pasta, with chunky tomatoes, garlic, basil and mozzarella was excellent.On both evenings we arrived early enough to take advantage of the happy hour specials, offered until 7 p.m.  Every drink we tried was perfectly made and with premium spirits.  My vodka martinis with blue cheese stuffed olives were wonderful, and despite arriving with only ten minutes left of happy hour time to spare, our bartender allowed us to pre-order our second round so that we could take advantage of the specials.  On our second visit, we received a warm welcome from the manager, who waved as soon as we walked through the door.  Every staff member we encountered was pleasant and engaging.  With price points in the $12 - $20 range (give or take a few selections), I find it hard to believe that anyone would complain about the cost.  Go to McFadden's or Yard House if you want fries with that sandwich.  Bice Bistro is a much needed dose of class in an area that is overpopulated with typical tourist trap destinations.
4	By sheer coincidence, ended up eating here on the night of the Black Eyes Peas show. The restaurant was packed and extremely busy, so service was verrrrrry slow. But assuming not every night is like this, I will give it 4 stars and cut the staff some slack. Service aside, our food was great. I ordered the angel hair pasta, with chunky tomatoes garlic and basil (i'm vegan, so i requested no mozzarella). It was delicious, but my only qualm was the serving size. Would have liked a little bit more for the money. That being said, the rest of my party (5 others) were completely satisfied with their quantities. I guess if all you're eating is light angel hair pasta in red sauce, it's not much to fill you up. Maybe next time I will order a salad with it. :) I would go here again.
3	My husband and I had a GROUPON for BiCE so we trekked the 30 minutes from downtown phoenix into westgate.   the restaurant looks upscale but in Westgate its a weird area.... you never know what you are gonna see there.  Most of the restaurants are chains and all grouped together around a fountain. I have never been there on a concert day , only on a hockey day. We went to Bice on a friday night.  Its right next door to some trashy chain bar so when you walk in you are not sure if the patrons outside or for the restaurant or gross bar.     Our groupon said reservations were required, so we tried to make one online and it was a challenge, so we phoned it in.     When we got there, The restaurant was pretty empty. people outside were wearing shorts and tshirts, we were definitely over dressed (that happens to me alot in phoenix, but not in scottsdale).  We walked in and were seated behind a giant beam, which I was actually thrilled with, as my husband was forced to talk to me and not get involved in the baseball game that was playing at the bar.  For that,  I mentioned I should have tipped the hostess.  Sorry Girl!   But over all, our table had some crumbs, my seat had crumbs, and all the tables are glass and looked looked mildly dusty and crumby from bread or whatever.Our server was on it, and was great.  he brought me two wines to sample and could tell by smell which one i chose, as my husband and i sampled both.  but we asked him to clean our table, he brought windex and sprayed everywhere while we hurried to move our glasses and bread plates out of the way.We ordered a spinach salad with goat cheese and beets.   one of my favorites.  it was all right, the beets were a little flavorless, which is unusual.   My husband ordered lasagna with meat sauce, i ordered the marsala with mashed potatoes and green beans.   the beans were perfectly cooked, although not seasoned at all.  the mashed potatoes were light and served with a scooper so they looked perfect.   The texture was very light, usually an indication of idaho potatoes, I am more of a red potato fan.... personal preference.  They also were mildly seasoned except for the salt, what you could tell is that they were heavily salted.  The marsala was good, although I thought a little salty.  The mushrooms were perfect and the chicken medallions were tender.   so a B for my meal.   My husbands lasagna was good, although again, Salty.   I feel that a tomato sauce with beef could taste more like a tomato and less like salted beef in a sauce.  the noodle was light, butter and there was tons of noodle.  he mentioned he would have liked a little more stuffing as in cheese and veggie....  again a B.   Over all service was great ... but the tables were kinda dirty, for the drive and price I probably wouldn't go again.  If we are out there for some reason, I could eat there again and give it another chance.  Although in Westgate itself, for a weekend night, lots of teens walking around in skimpy outfits and grown men leering at them.  I am not a fan of westgate over all and this kind of crowd turns me off.
