5	Working out is hard to do. I mean that literally and figuratively. That's why when I find a studio/gym/trainer that I adore, I like to shout it from the rooftops. Iron Butterfly Pilates most certainly fits into the "adoration" category. Why? Let me break it down for you...The Studio: Is beautiful. Really lovely, frankly. IBP is in a converted loft (Atherton Lofts) and hosts different rooms for varying levels of pilates practice. There's a reformer room both upstairs and downstairs, personal training area and a room for group mat classes. It's full of light, zen like colors, gorgeous exposed brick and worn hardwoods. The Instruction/Classes: Pilates is tough, yo'. Thankfully there is a variety of classes to suit your athletic goals and style - ranging from physioball pilates (that's what I tried - and I'm feeling it the day after) to traditional mat pilates to reformer classes to more cardio based programs. Heather, the owner and one of the instructors, is the perfect mix of cheerful and inspiring. She won't let you get away with a half squat...just an FYI. Your first class is free and there are fairly priced packages thereafter. Even if you just want to try something new once or twice per month, Iron Butterfly has some fantastic options.
5	One of the best pilates studios I have ever been to and I am a pilates fan so I have been to a few over the years. The studio almost has a cozy feel to it - you feel welcomed the first time you walk into the place. The staff is extremely well trained and know what they are doing, how to correct your form...down to the minute detail. In Charlotte there seem to be yoga places every block - perhaps that is because many don't know about pilates and how beneficial it is? I don't know. What I do know is how amazing Iron Butterfly Pilates is and I am glad to be part of their family. Now if only there were more locations that would be even better!
5	Gumby is not my middle name. Nor is "rock hard abs." But increased flexibility and strength rank high among my fitness goals, so I'm glad I discovered Iron Butterfly Pilates as I work toward those goals.I'm a student of the mat, and pretty much was a novice when I attended my first (free) class at IBP. Admittedly, I was nervous about exposing my inability to touch my toes without bending my knees and my shaky-arm push-ups. Fair reader: IBP is a no-intimidation zone. There are classes to suit all levels, the instructors give clear instruction on form and where to focus your effort--providing demos when needed--and discreetly help you into proper position so you can rock the right muscles and maximize your overall workout. Better yet, they are attentive to your abilities and limitations, and enable you to modify exercises to your level, Gumby or otherwise--all with the same great results.While I've only attended mat classes so far, IBP has other offerings such as yoga, physioball and reformer classes, as well as private instruction. So I know I can mix it up with these, and the occasional special class options have been a perk (e.g. the CrossFit/mat class, which was a humbling yet much-needed push).The studio is beautiful, the instructors are friendly and nurturing, and the prices are reasonable. So while I still bend my knees during a stretch, it's not as much as before. And I do feel stronger. Gumby would be proud.
5	Abs of steel.  I get it now I've taken pilates and yoga classes in the past but nothing really did it for me.  Then I discovered Iron Butterfly  (actually yelp discovered them for me)  wow this was not the normal routine class I was use to.  To me there is no better feeling then sore abs...this class really worked my core and I could tell.  I should also mention that time flew by and we all know that is a good feeling when your working out.  The studio is gorgous tucked away in the atherton mill lofts. Natural light beams down on you as you stretch and flex and burn calories.  The instructor was wonderful...I get pretty intimidated in workout classes in general but especially when its something I've never done before.  The instructors at Iron Butterfly make you feel very comfortable I highly recommend checking them out if your a newbie to the pilates world like I am.  I know there were some seasoned pilates students in the room but everyone moved at their own pace and I left feeling very relaxed.  I can't wait to return and try some of the other classes they offer.
5	I attended the Yelp Hard Core Mat Pilates class at IBP and let me tell you - it kicked my butt...and my core...and my arms...you get the idea. I thought going in there "oh, I do crossfit; I can definitely handle pilates." Holy cow was I wrong. Pilates is not for the faint of heart. I've taken some pilates classes in the past and never felt pain like I did the morning after this one. Some deets:Location: Atherton Lofts to the left of Icehouse in Southend. Beautiful studio shared with Moga. Bright, airy and a bathroom conveniently located right off the room in case you need it (or a break from a really tough workout, wink wink). Instructors: Heather is an owner and one of the instructors. The class I took was with another instructor, but I take crossfit with Heather and she's no slouch. Don't try to get away with anything while she's teaching or it'll be your head! Ultimately, pilates is a great way to diversify your workout routine and tone up those abs. It's swimsuit season, folks. Get your very own six pack at IBP!
5	I had heard of Iron Butterfly Pilates for quite a while and today I was able to visit for the first time. I am really impressed. Being a Pilates novice, I enjoyed learning what it was all about. What sets Iron Butterfly apart is their hands on philosophy - no gigantic groups here. You can book a private session with an instructor or join in a group session - four maximum. Another great feature is there is a physical therapist on staff as well who can work with you on the Pilates equipment and help "cure your ills." In addition, Moga Yoga shares the space with Iron Butterfly so you have many options from which to choose.If you are in the market for a Pilates studio, definitely visit Iron Butterfly. Their studio, located in a wonderful Southend textile mill building, is sparkling clean, with interesting decor and lots of natural light. The staff is very upbeat and welcoming.
5	I absolutely love this place, I go every time I am in Charlotte. The teachers are excellent, right amount of fitness but it also someone manages to be somewhat relaxing despite being challenging. They're also really friendly and make it a point to remember everyone. I hadn't been in months and they still remembered me! The studio itself is nice, good lighting and equipment. I enjoy being there, very homey feeling.
5	I think my pilates experience can best be described by the fellow Yelper in my class who cried out, "I've never used my thighs!" With the firm guidance of a beautiful petite instructor on tortuous looking contraptions, we came to realize we've never ACTUALLY used our muscles.  What makes this studio wonderful is the micro class sizes (4 tops).  You get the one on one training experience while still being able to compete with a friend to see who can be the most graceful swan.
5	Five Stars all the way! I LOVE this Studio. Every person that works here is professional and cares about their clients. These folks love their work, that goes a LONG way toward helping clients! They go out of their way to make you feel at home and I have never felt intimidated only like a winner. This is one of the best businesss in Charlotte. They value every soul that walks through that door into their wonderful Studio! Long live Iron Butterfly!
