4	Absolutely beautiful jewelry! I've only seen this store when I was on the Big Island of Hawaii, and now it's here in Vegas. Definitely look at the Mother of Pearl items. There are some gorgeous, intricately carved pieces. I just wanted earrings and ended up getting a necklace to match. Pretty, shiny things + courteous, yet not pushy service = a happy girl.
5	It's really rare to experience such friendly and efficient customer service anywhere these days, so after my recent experience I felt I had to let everyone know.  A few months ago my husband bought me a necklace and earring set  when we were in Kauai, from the Poipu Na Hoku store (we live in LA).  In July, I noticed that the chain he bought had a "kink" in it.  I don't wear my jewelry rough (I don't wear it for working out or anything), so I don't know what happened.  Naturally I was upset that the jewelry was damaged so soon after the purchase.  So, knowing that we were going to Las Vegas soon, I decided we would go to this Na Hoku store to see if they could fix or exchange the chain for us.  They made it so easy!  All I did was walk in the store, explain the situation, and the woman who was helping me checked her inventory and gave me a replacement chain just like that!  Both me and my husband were shocked at how easy it was, but more importantly how nicely we were treated.  We weren't made to jump through hoops or grilled.  This experience definitely makes me want to shop more at Na Hoku in the future.  We just might visit their Maui store next month!
5	First of all let me say that I LOVE Na Hoku!!!! There are tons of absolutely stunning pieces (like their little flip flops). So cute! Being on vacation in Las Vegas I didn't expect to run in to a Na Hoku outside of Hawaii. I was shocked to see one on the strip. I had to go check them out. I was immediately greeted by a younger girl named Hiwa. I wasn't expecting her to be so friendly and helpful. Being a jewelry salesperson on the strip, I was expecting her to be really pushy. Almost like forcing me to buy something. But she wasn't at all! She was so nice to talk to. I was looking for koa rings for me and my husband. We're not much of ring people, but we saw the koa rings in an advertisement and decided that was something we could both see ourselves wearing. She quickly helped us find what we were looking for in such a manner that I didn't feel like I was in a jewelry store. She made it comfortable for us to shop. Now my husband and I wear our koa rings everywhere and get asked about it all the time. I will definitely be shopping with Hiwa next time I'm in Na Hoku!
