5	I recently had my west wall done in an "outsulation" system by Phoenix Plastering.  The wall absorbed heat and made the interior rooms very hot in the summer.  Grant, from Phx. Plastering, came out to price the work and explained everything he would do and what the time frame would be.  I hired him and he did everything exactly as he he said he would.  He and his crew were prompt and extremely courteous.  The work was completed in the time frame given.  They did a good clean up of the area.  I have already noticed a difference in the interior, particularly when it was still hot.  I would highly recommend Grant and his company to perform any of your plastering/stucco needs.
5	This is a very professional trade contractor. Grant kept every promise and made sure we were kept apprised of the progress as the job proceeded. We really felt he was fixing our problem as he would if it were his own property. I would definitely call on them if a problem ever arises.
5	One of the few professional contractors in the valley. It was a pleasure to do business with Grant. He showed up on time for our quote appointment and provided me with a quote the very next day before the time he promised. Once we accepted the bid he started work the day he promised and finished on time and within budget. I would highly recommend that if you have any stucco, brick, drywall or mud work to do on your property or business that you call Phoenix Plastering. He did a wonderful job stuccoing our back yard wall.
5	Phoenix Plastering is a great company.  These folks returned my call on the same day, showed up for a free estimate on the day and time they said and had by far the best price.  So, I had them come out and do the job, they showed up on time, the job is beautiful.  They cleaned up and left me shocked and amazed with the quality of their work.  I would highly recommend this company!!!! No nonsense people with 20 plus years in the business they are hands on and do the work themselves. Excellant Job!!!  thank you
