5	I needed a new dermatologistMy last one was bonkers.I found English dermatology online from doing a search on my United healthcare website.I called, they tried to give me an appointment with a PAI refused, and asked for an appointment with a MD (no offense PA's, just my personal preference)I ended up getting an appointment with Dr. Yue I loved her!And, what advice and medicine she gave me.... worked!!!Like within a day I noticed a great improvement in my skin.I also enjoy that I didn't have to wait long, was given many free samples, and that they had a nice reef aquarium in the waiting room.Great practice I say!
5	I was blessed with good skin.  Once, I was even complimented on it by a nurse while laying in a hospital bed sans makeup and on some serious pain meds.  She asked me what I used and I told her hand soap and body lotion.  Seriously, I never had to try.  Then I woke up one day and got the brilliant idea to go off birth control because I thought that maybe I should give my body a break.  Idiot.  My skin has never been the same and I got back on birth control just to make it stop.  I hate being a woman.  It's so unfair.  Beware ladies, birth control can make your skin go crazy if you decide to go off after a decade of drug induced level hormones.  After wasting a bunch of money on over the counter crap that just dried out my skin, I finally decided to see a professional.  I went to Paul English Dermatology totally blind and was just hoping for the best.  Should of checked Yelp, duh.  They got me in the next day.  I saw a PA, Mindy.  She was absolutely wonderful.  Normally, I'd push to see the doctor but I was feeling impatient.  Mindy sat me down and explained that my body just needed time to adjust and that there were things we could do during this period to bring my skin back to it's former glory.  She gave me lots of free samples and coupons for the prescriptions.  Thank goodness, because the pharmacists bill rang up to about $570 for a one month supply of pills!  After the little discount card it was only $10.  I was highly confused by this until the pharmacist explained that some insurance companies refuse to cover this specific brand because of it's expense and the fact that there is a generic version on the market.  The drug company actually gives out these little discount  cards to people who's insurance won't cover their brand.  Yay me.If you are having any issues, don't waste your time like I did.  The prescription that actually worked cost less than anything I bought over the counter.  Also, Mindy injected a problem area and it was gone by the next morning.  Seriously, if you have a big event and a big pimple, go to Mindy.  Go now.  I wish I could have some syringes to-go.  It's like a tiny, slightly painful Christmas miracle. It's only been two days since my visit and I can already see a difference.  There is a God.
1	Both myself and my relatives have visited this office and have had unpleasant experiences there.  Both of us went to their Gilbert location. I was extremely overcharged for my procedures. One procedure, a simple wart removal (freezing) which would have cost about 25 dollars at a walk in clinic, they tried to charge me 114 dollars for. I asked the billing staff to let me know if I would have any out of pocket costs before anything was done and to let me know so I could decide whether I wanted to have the procedures done or not. I was assured that everything would be covered by the insurance and that even based on my deductible I would have no out of pocket costs... then I got two bills totaling over 700 dollars. I feel like I was completely misled by this practice. Currently I would highly recommend Southwest Skin Specialists as an alternative as I've been going to them for several years and they are excellent and have better customer service.
2	I have tried to make an appointment with Dr. Paul and there is no possible wayThe staff is very cold and the person serving you is always busy and has little time for yourself.
1	I would give them zero stars if I could.  I took my daughter in for simple wart removal in the Gilbert office back in Sept of 2010.  We saw a PA for several warts that he tried freezing.  When he was done he estimated how many times he used the "freezing agent".  We went in for 2 procedures but the warts only got worse instead of better.  I decided to switch to a new dermatologist that did laser wart removal which finally took care of the warts.The inability to get rid of the warts is not the issue I have since many dermatologists would have taken this route.  My issue is with billing.  Out of the blue I get a bill for 2 years ago.  When I call the office saying I haven't seen them in two years they say it was for the invoice in Sept 2010 wart removal.  I believe I made payment for that bill but how do I prove it now.  I don't have that information any longer.  If I hadn't paid it WHY didn't you bill me before now????  Seems pretty shady to me.Go elsewhere!!!!  There are plenty of dermatologists in the area that can treat your issues and understand billing.  You don't want to end up two years down the road with them billing you for services that you already paid for.
1	My wife made an appointment for our son to see a Doctor and was given a Physician's assistant. The PA prescribed a tetracycline without telling my son that this would make him more receptive to a sunburn and did not describe the proper way to deal with acne. Bait and switch, stay away!!
1	I took my son here for warts removal starting about two years ago.  As another reviewer stated, the warts got worse with the freezing.  We did it probably 8 times.  Finally, I got a prescription for a topical medication - worked with in a couple of weeks!  My son had to live with the warts for over a year and, of course, the cost and pain for a 5/6 year old.  Finally, the last straw was we just moved out of state and as son hadn't had any warts for a year tossed the medication.  Within 2 weeks of new location, two warts popped up.  Since we just moved here, we don't have a pediatrician yet much less a dermatologist.  Called this office and asked if they could reissue same prescription that worked so well before and explained we had JUST relocated etc..  Got call back that "our policy is it has been a little over a year since we saw Brady, and we have to have him come into office as we have to see him within the year."  Yes, I will be flying from OR to go see you asap.  It is so frustrating.  It is not pain meds or anxiety medication.  It is topical wart removal.  Whatever!!  So I called and asked to have his records released to me (his mom) - they charge a $1 a page (about $15 but still...)  Seriously? W e transferred half a dozen other medical records, and this is the only place that charged.  If/when we move back to AZ, guess what dermatologist we won't be going to see?
1	I with Toni B. as I would like to give English Dermatology Center (i.e. Paul English Dermatology) ZERO stars if I could.After dealing with the cold/unresponsive staff on a number of occasions both for myself and my daughter with both of us having similar issues and experiences, with needing to come back repeatedly for "Another followup Appointment" to get another billable procedure on their books.Yesterday I called because the prescription they had written to me at my December 5th 2011 appointment, was no longer available.  The company stopped making Tetracycline and there has literally been none made since June 2011 (See Link: http://www.ashp.org/DrugShortages/Current/bulletin.aspx?id=816 )Remember they gave me the prescription in December 2011, about 1/2 a year since Tetracycline was being made but that is another issue.  I was able to get the first few months of the prescription filled with some assistance of a very helpful pharmacist but she could no long locate any left over supplies of Tetracycline after March of so of 2012.I was able to go until about mid October 2012 with what Tetracycline I had on hand.  My prescription is good for this until Dec 31, 2012 or about two months and change.So I could get two more 30 day supplies on the prescription before my prescription runs out.Here is the KICKER and why I WILL NOT BE GO BACK TO English Dermatology Center, when I called and explained the situation about Tetracycline not being made anymore and I need to have the remainder of my prescription changed to an equivalent prescription, they said they would NOT be able to do the change to the prescription because Mindy (the Physician Assistant) doesn't renew prescriptions if they haven't seen you in the last 12 months.I explained that I was there about 10 months ago and there was total silence on the phone.  They said they would have to call me back.  They then called and said that they would only renew the prescription until December 4, 2012 (one year exactly to the day) and I would have to come in and PAY ANOTHER MEDICAL APPOINTMENT FEE to get my prescription renewed through the last 26 days of December 2012.Remember I'm just trying to get the original prescription, thru Dec. 31, 2012, changed to something that is actually being made and actually available but all English Dermatology Center wants to do is get me in the door for ANOTHER BILLABLE APPOINTMENT.English Dermatology Center IS WHAT IS WRONG WITH OUR HEALTH CARE SYSTEM.  English Dermatology Center can't keep their word and give me the prescription equivalent for the same time, December 31, 2012, they authorized previously because they just want to FORCE YOU TO MAKE AN APPOINTMENT AND TAKE YOUR MONEY!Don't think that because you have insurance that your and I are not paying for it.   English Dermatology Center's process and forced appointment practices are exactly why the cost of Employer-Sponsored health insurance premiums have more than doubled in the last 9 years, a rate 3 times faster than cumulative wage increases.Do yourself and your family a favor and, if you use English Dermatology Center, FIND A DIFFERENT DERMATOLOGIST or if you are looking for a dermatologist, definitely DO NOT USE English Dermatology Center.
5	Several years ago I had a facial at the Spa at Wild Horse Pass and they recommended Dr. English's office to me (I have battled acne and scarring as long as I can remember). I finally made an appointment to have a mole checked and was very happy with Dr. Yue - she was very personable and answered all my questions. I asked her about the acne scars/veins and she set me up with a free 1-hour consultation with Trina. I met with Trina and she went over options and prices of different cosmetic procedures that would help me, and also gave me some free samples of products to try.I went back and had the BBL fotofacial done and was very impressed....it got rid of veins that I have had on my face for years! There were a few veins that got darker but from what I read that is normal and they fade over several days (I can already see mine getting better). Overall I have had great experiences with the all of the staff at the Ahwatukee office and would definitely recommend them!
3	I had gone to two different general physicians before finally being referred to Dr. English for a skin diagnosis. Dr. English was very quick and informative - he was able to quickly diagnose my condition, though I felt he slightly rushed through my appointment. All in all, he diagnosed my condition and this is all I wanted. The outside staff was impersonal, but the experience itself was bearable and I'm happy to have been properly diagnosed.
1	This might be one of the most unethical practices in the valley. I originally contacted them regarding a small port wine stain that I have and asked if that was a possibility to be removed. They asked I come in and after a brief 3-4 minute "observation", they informed me they didn't provide that type treatment or "laser". Upon leaving, I specifically asked how much I owed for my 5 minute visit (mind you, they could've simply told me over the phone they were unable to treat my stain due to lacking the proper equipment) and a response of "oh, don't worry, you don't owe anything" was given. Months later, I received a $100 "exam" bill in addition to my medical insurance co. confirming a charge of service. When re-visiting the office, we were told we were incorrect in our view of my visit. Sadly, I will never return and will advise any future patients to guard against costs stemming from this practice. This type of unethical medical practice is a reason costs have escalated where they are today.
5	I got an appt 2 days after calling.  I filled out my paperwork online so I did not have to wait long when I arrived.   The office was clean and everything ran smoothly from check-in to check out.  After a short wait, I was called back and had to wait about 10 minutes before being seen by the PA.  He was kind and knew what he was talking about.  I have acne and he prescribed Differin (topical cream) and Monodox (antibiotic).  He explained how to use them properly and took the time to answer my questions.  He even recommended that I switch to another cleanser (Cetaphil) which I can buy at my local store since my current cleanser had Salicylic.  They called in my prescriptions for me and even gave me discount cards.  So my prescriptions where ready when I arrived and I only paid $35 total for them.  I have a 2 month follow up to check my progress.  We will see how the next appt goes but I was very impressed with my initial visit.
3	I have visited the office two or three times to treat my adult acne. The PA prescribed the medicine that is effective and not that costly using the coupon they gave me. However, my biggest complain would be the difficulty of making an appointment. I don't know why, but I have never been able to set up an appointment  over the phone directly. Whenever I called, nobody answered the phone. If I got lucky, it would go to voice mail after a long waiting. If not, I had to hang up and kept on calling until the phone allowed me to leave a message. I'm always wondering where all these front office receptionists are and why it is extremely difficult to make a simple appointment over the phone. Therefore, I have to drive to the office located in Gilbert and make an appointment there in person. My husband is a doctor too and I was telling him about this, joking that if his employees are like that, he should fire them. I complained this to the front office during my last office visit, they apologized for the inconvenience but  there has no improvement since.
1	****WARNING**** Save yourself some frustration and do NOT go to English Dermatology.  This is a business focused only on $MONEY$.  You will likely never see an M.D.  They seem to be full of PA's and NP's who see all the patients and do all the work.  Sort of like a factory in China.  Several of our family members have been here and all had bad experiences.  The wait is long.  The receptionist has zero personality.  They charge you $100 and only see you in the room for 3 minutes.  This is insane.  This is what is wrong with American medicine.  One man, Dr. English, getting filthy rich and providing a business that should be audited by Medicare.  Unethical.  I hope your business crashes.  Oh, and to top it off, they scheduled me for the wrong year.  Then they were rude about it, yet it was their fault.  Never going back.
1	Do not go here. This was my first dermatology appt ever and it was a poor experience. I've suffered from really bad eczema for years so I went in. They didn't even examine me!!! He just wrote a prescription for some lotion and practically pushed me out the door. They made me feel like my issue was unimportant and that I was stupid for coming in. Very poor experience. I will not return. I suggest if you want to find a dermatologist that will show they care...GO somewhere else!!!!!!!
1	I was referred to English Dermatology by my  physician for an acne problem. I was able to get an appointment within a few days. I saw Mindy, a physician assistant. During my appointment, she asked 3-4 questions looked at my skin (with makeup on) and made a diagnosis. In all, my appointment was less than 5 minutes. I walked away not impressed but hopeful. Since my appointment, I have had some difficulty with my insurance paying for the prescriptions. I needed a preauthorization signed by Mindy and sent to my pharmacy. According to my Pharmacy they have sent the preauthorization 4 times without a response. I too have called and left several messages without a response. After nearly a month, I got the preauthorization. I'm hopeful that troubles with them are over. It seems quite ridiculous that it took so long.
4	I was surprised to see so many low ratings for English Dermatology, so I wanted to chime in. I have been seeing Mindy, the PA, since 2010 for acne that has persisted since childhood. I've never had to wait more than 10 minutes in the waiting room, even when being early for my appointment. I love a punctual office that's respectful of my time!I have to admit that when I went in for my initial appointment, I was a little defensive. I was sure a dermatologist was going to take one look at my skin and recommend a slew of over-the-top treatments and medications to deal with the years of scarring, cystic acne, stubborn blackheads, and eczema.I was pleasantly surprised! Mindy was incredibly calm and respectful and she took great care to let me finish every thought. She listened to my concerns, then presented several options for medications and explained the pros and cons of each. I was really impressed that she didn't pressure me to choose one or the other, and she emphasized that we could always adjust dosage or prescriptions as needed. I've had quite a few doctors over the years who could learn a thing or two from her bedside manner. I have had some frustrations over the years with the office staff. Especially around years 2011-2012, the MAs and office assistants were extremely disorganized, impatient, and copped an attitude when I had to call numerous times to straighten things out. Looking at other reviews, several of the complaints surrounding missing Rx forms seem to have occurred around that time period.Thankfully, the last time I visited, I noticed many of those ladies were no longer there, so I'm hoping that situation has been resolved. All in all, I would happily recommend Mindy and this office to a friend!
5	I have been coming here for about 5 years now. I have no idea what these bad reviews are all about, but I can assure you that these people are wonderful. Mindy, the PA is wonderful. (She has the best skin I have ever seen) She's so friendly and really makes you feel comfortable and puts you at ease. I have brought my kids here as well and everyone is friendly. Mindy really helped out my family. I will continue to come here and I think you should too!
1	Very disappointed.....had to wait 1 hour to see the PA for a not even 5 minute visit.  Prescriptions they prescribed were no longer an available drug.  Had to wait over a week for a new prescription and response.  Horrible..will never return here...all about the $$$$$$.
1	Will NEVER go here again.  I was told they would take off a couple of skin tags for free.  Well they submitted it to my insurance anyway.  I ended up having to pay 75.00 in addition to the 65.00 I paid for the visit.  A total of 140.00 for less than 10 minutes.  WORST EXPERIENCE EVER.  Then it took me over 6 months to get an answer about the billing.  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND YOU GO SOMEWHERE ELSE.
