4	The newest of their 3 locations, this one is located right outside (to the left) of Planet Hollywood in the heart of the strip. Great selection of microbrews from blonde to stout. I had more than a few pints. My favorite ended up being the "Light." Visited a couple of times during my last trip to Vegas. Great bartenders and lots of locals hangout, so helpful info about dining, clubs, etc.They don't serve food; however, they have no problem with you bringing some in from any of the nearby options - my choice is Boanno's Italian sold by the slice - pizza+beer=extra good!  Lots of cool merchandise for sale. If you buy a pint glass you get half off a beer...buy a T and get a full comp beer! Incentive shopping! Twist my rubber arm! And, if you're just not in the mood for craft beer pick up a Corona & a shot of Patron combo for 8 bucks! Best deal on the Strip!Love Sin City!***THIS IS THE LOCATION JUST OUTSIDE OF PLANET HOLLYWOOD***
4	We hit the place up while walking the mall. My husband had the blonde and really enjoyed it. Didn't stick around to try anything else, but would go back. Only downside is that they don't serve food.
5	Great location, great prices, and amazing beer selection with great taste and quality. The bartender Julio was also great, really enjoyed his service and also his knowledge on beer and everything else. Best bartender in town!
5	I came out to an event here last month, and couldn't WAIT to come back again!A locally owned and operated brewery with just a handful of locations, Sin City Brewing offers really great quality beer and CHEAP prices!After a nice brunch down the street with some good friends, we decided to drive over for a pint.The bartender (forgot her name, sadly) was super nice, quick, and efficient.  She asked us right away if we had coupons or deals, which we did (a Yelp check in deal, 50% off your first pint!  Nothing like a $3 pint of beer!)We ordered 3 stouts, one Weisse, and one Amber.Everyone was very pleased with their beers.The flavors are amazing. The stout reminds me a lot of Guinness, but in my opinion, isn't as heavy, so after I drank one, I didn't feel like I ate a loaf of bread.  Its one of my top two beers here.The Weisse is my other favorite.  The flavor profile is very complex, and has tons going on due to the yeast that is used...there is a kind of aromatic bubble gum flavor, a hint of banana, and a finishing note of clove that is just wonderful and refreshing. The amber was very good too, although I only had a sip of this one yesterday.The location is small, but cozy, and it was packed with people watching the football game.They also have a deal in support of No Shave November, that depending on the "thickness" of your mustache, you can get a percentage off your beer.  That's cool.  They sell shirts, glasses, mugs, and other awesome souvenirs,  and with most purchases, you get either a free beer, or a half off beer.  Sweet!They do sell other drinks, including $5 shots of Patron!I really enjoyed my visit yesterday, and plan to make Sin City a stop whenever I am down near Planet Hollywood.
4	Its been a while since I visited my friends at Sin City Brewing because I live in So Cal now. My recollection is that it was a fun place to hang, have a bite to eat & stick a beer in my piehole. The staff are friendly & wise to the different beers out there & can describe the differences.
1	Tried the Hef and the Amber here and was not impressed. The Hef had an over-powering note of faux banana and the Amber was bland and watered-down. The beers here are like someone had a concept of what beer should taste like, but no taste. Do yourself a favor and go someplace better, like Banger Brewing or Gordon Biersch.
4	Great tasting beer.  I tried the I.P.A. and the Stout.  Wish they had some way to distribute to Northern California.
3	Uumm, while the beer was okay, the service was odd... We sat at the empty bar and were greeted nicely, served a couple of samples, and then our beers of choice were served (4 in total). I ordered their version of Hef and their Stout, both of which were decent.  Hubby ordered a different two beers.  Then the lady started talking... incessantly, like NONSTOP!  It was a slow day for Vegas (a weekday in mid-December), and it seemed like she was bored & just desperate for conversation.  But omg, it got kind of annoying after awhile, I mean, we could barely get a word in edgewise bc she wouldn't breathe, haha, & we couldn't exactly have a conversation of our own since she wouldn't leave.  Way to stifle beer sales!  We realized this wasn't a bar we wanted to stay for long, so we drank up and asked for our bill (while showing her our phone screens for the Yelp checkin bonus).That's when she said in order for us to both use the Yelp checkin bonus of "50% off your 1st pint of beer" we'd have to order a 5th beer... whaaat?  Nowhere in the fineprint does it state anything like "5 pints minimum per couple" or "2.5 pints minimum per person" or whatever so I'm pretty sure she just made it up on the fly, but we weren't staying ANY LONGER, plus $3 isn't enough to even say anything about, so we didn't bother questioning her.  We just paid and got outta there with our ears in tact. Beer was overshadowed by service making it unmemorable, I wouldn't go back.
