4	Consistently good fresh food.  I love their rice, chicken and corn salsa, especially.  The grandkids area always happy with a trip to Chipotle, too! It's a favorite easy family spot.
4	One of the only fast food places I can go and get a vegan, wheat free meal that is YUMMY! I have one right down the street so this is my go too when I am "STARVING" and have, "nothing in the house to eat."
5	We stop here and get our order to go on the way back home. The guys are very attentive and helpful to help us 'pack' our order in separate containers so it doesn't get soggy on the hour drive home. Only once, this past time, was the staff rude and snippy to us, and still didn't get our order correct. Their barbacoa is amazing! I won't let one bad experience ruin the dozen of good things we have to say about this place. It is always clean, and am always greeted upon walking in the door.
4	Food is always fresh and customer service is pretty good at this new location as a rule. Restaurant is clean and condiment area well stocked. Solid choice.
5	Great food. Awesome staff. Enjoyable experience everytime.
5	Awesome
5	Still my favorite burrito place! I love the steak burrito with their smoked chipotle Tabasco sauce. They are always making sure that the customer is happy. We were in this location last night and it was a bit slow, but nothing to complain about. The cashier apologized and gave us a buy one get one card. I will continue to go to places that care about the customer so much.
5	Always delicious food. Great service and always clean. They also give uniformed police 50% off. Great place. Glad to know people still like the police.
1	I had a lot of hit and misses at this location but since it was the one closest to my house, I go here every so often ( not as often since the one time they gave me raw chicken )The stars are base on the raw chicken and the service because let's face it, this is a chain restaurant so basically it should taste the same everywhere just different people making it and different attitudes. My sister and I love Chipotle and and we went through our phase of wanting/eating it everyday. One hot afternoon we came in to get our usual the chicken bowl and when we went to eat it, the chicken just feels off. Then I looked down and to my surprise the chicken still had blood on it. We contemplated on telling someone because we don't really like complaining about our food. But we ended up doing it and the response we got was off. The guy who looked like a manager or something said that he will replace this 'on the house' and that our meal 'will be free' which makes no sense because we already paid for them ???  Then the girl who was working was really defensive and went to tell us she don't think it was raw and that she took the temperature and everything. She didn't get to look at the bowls before he threw them away in the trash but is she trying to imply that we were lying? He obviously saw and apologize so what's her deal? Anyways after we got our new replacement bowls, we barely ate it because the thought of raw chicken just freaks me out and ruined my appetite. It's been a few months since the incident and I would not go back to this location if I had a choice but it's extremely close to my house. That last few times I've been here, the employees do skimp on ingredients and when you ask for more, I feel like I get attitude. Even when theres no line, I feel rushed. I like extra pico and lettuce ... What can I say but they just dump it on and push you forward. Like it's a sin to ask for more lettuce. Anyways I still love chipotle just not this location.
5	I love chipoltle. Huge portions!  My favorite thing is to order from their mobile app.  You get to skip the long line which is awesome!  Fast and friendly as well.
5	I always get the burrito bowl from chipotle... But my sister shared a bite of a chipotle burrito the other day and I about died and went to heaven. Guys. The burrito is where it's at. Can't wait to try the quesuritto! :)
5	Try the tofu sofritos!  Spicy and delicious! I am not a vegetarian by any means, but had to sample it.  Wonderful!
5	Great Chipotle, always generous and fun employees. I have been going to this chipotle since it opened and not many compare.
3	This place is really close to my work. I eat chipotle 2-3 times a week and i go here almost every week, sometimes twice. Its always been good chipotle spot, friendly crew and quick, but lately getting stingy with the meat. If i wanted to pay 10 dollars for a bowl of rice of beans i would just do it myself instead.
4	My review is not only based on fantastic customer service but very good food. At the end you will understand the 4 star vs 5 star. We placed a catering order with Chipotle on Friday. I had called the local location and discussed my options and then was referred to the 800 number to place my order. We placed a large order for 20 people. This included everything you needed from service utensils, food to the matches needed to light burners. The order was to be ready Sunday at 2:00. I received a confirmation of my order Saturday via email. Sunday my husband went to pick up food at local store to find order wasn't received and food wasn't ready. Of course my husband was surprised but that is when the local manager jumped in and took over. She apologized profusely and submitted order immediately and got her team working hard to fill our order. In the end my husband went back at 3 to pick up not only what we ordered but many extras. Not only did the manager have everyone jumping through hoops to get our food ready but she did something RARELY done in this day she took care of the bill. The CUSTOMER SERVICE  was above and beyond and greatly appreciated. Everyone at our party loved all the food and we were over the top pleased with the results. Great Job we will definitely be sending referrals just next time I would suggest calling local store to make sure received order from corporate otherwise awesome experience. Thank You!
