5	Oh happy day! There's a Tammie Coe Cakes in Central Phoenix! I've been so sad since I couldn't get my cookie fix from Tammie Coe and now I know where to go! This little cafe is perfect for in and out dining or to sit for a bit and do some work. Sitting right next to Federal Pizza, Tammie Coe has every from cookies, cupcakes and cakes to delicious sandwiches. Calories don't count here because the food is just that good! The staff is extremely friendly and I really like the intimate space. I can't wait to quickly become a regular here!
3	I really tried to like them, but I can't.  Even my little boy, who will eat anything sweet gave me back the salted caramel one.  Say what?  I didn't eat it either.  And salted caramel is my favorite thing.  This is my third try, I am not sure I will get cupcakes from them anymore.  I might try other items.  The breads look good as well as the other pastries.  Maybe next time I stopped by Federal, I'll get something else.
3	I have tried this cakes several times now. But, I just do not love them at all.Great location, the staff is very nice. They make a lot of different choices as well.They are beautiful cakes not doubt. But, the flavor is just something off.Maybe I am trying the wrong things.They do have very good coffee, maybe after Lent I will give them anthoer try and we will see how I feel about them.Also, high prices, but that seems to be the theme everywhere lately.
5	Mom and I went there yesterday. Fabulous food. The coffee was strong, the croissants were flaky, and service was great. The "winner" was the bran muffins. I took one home to my husband (who is a bran muffin lover) and these were hands-down the moistest bran muffins ever!  As I went to use the restroom I walked by the room where they make the fondant cakes, and one of the bakers in there was so nice to me. He chatted with me for a while and even let me sample a piece of the chocolate hazelnut cake.
5	Great french pressed coffee. Artwork is nice. Space is comfortable and intimate. Cupcakes are Amazeballs good. Red Velvet is awesome. Cream Cheese taste like you are eating some great cheesecake  ontop of moist delicious red velvet cake.
4	Let me preface this review by saying that I have had Tammie Coe cakes at the Roosevelt location several times, but this was my first experience with the location on Central. I special ordered a lime/coconut/sour cream cake for mother's day. I had a slice of this cake on Valentine's day and it was one of the most delicious cakes I have ever had! This cake was no different, very delicious. So why not 5 stars? When I got there, there was a nice man in front of us also waiting for his special order cake. Unfortunately, he was not as lucky as I was. Apparently, they are not terribly organized and for a cake to be made it has to be on a clipboard and this poor guy's cake ended up in a black folder or something and didn't get made. He had paid for it in advance. The girl who works there did not know what to do and gave him a different cake, but not what he had ordered. The girl who worked there told me that they were not organized and things like that happened often. Well.....that is unacceptable. If that were me I would be extremely upset and I just don't think that things like that warrant a 5 star review (even though the cakes are amazing). I hope the people in charge of this bakery did something for this man and will do something for anyone who counts on them to provide a cake for their special occasion and they fall short.
5	From the time when she still sold at La Grande Orange to Roosevelt to Central to the Old Town Farmer's Market to Vincent's Camelback Market I've made my rounds on the Tammie Coe collection and thus far have found no difference in quality from place to place and as such my review is the same for each.Items experienced thus far include:  Snickerdoodle, Chocolate Pumpkin Muffin, Maple Bacon Scone, Ooey Gooey, Red Velvet, Dark Cocoa Caramel Ooey Gooey, Carrot Cake, Blackberry Bran Muffin, Portobello Tart, Cinnamon Roll, Plum Streusel Brioche, Almond Butter Pastry, Tammie Coe Butterscotch Crumb Bun, MJ Flourless Chocolate cookie, Tammie Coe "Betters" Cookie, Tammie Coe Blueberry Coconut Tart.Trained from a young age, first by family and later formally, and known by both those who are interested in the culinary arts and those who simply have money to spend on a beautiful wedding or birthday cake I first experienced Tammie's pastry during my interview trip to Phoenix when her goods were still on display at La Grande Orange and as good as her oft raved cupcakes (which I'm told are comparable in texture and flavor to her famous designer cakes) are it is three of her less 'famous' items that make her pastry, in my opinion, 'destination worthy' - the Streusel Brioche a sort of portable French Toast hand Pie with a custard center and bruleed top, the Almond Butter Pastry a dense baton coated thick with confectioners' sugar and a texture somewhere between a buttermilk biscuit and a croissant, an finally the incomparable Crumb Bun whose swirls of sugar shellacked pastry peel away like that of a cinnamon roll with a texture akin to a Kouign Amann only to reveal pockets of rich butterscotch streusel......and yeah, those ooey gooey cupcakes aren't too shabby either - a perfect cake:frosting ratio that, although very sweet at first, gradually reveals the tang of the cream cheese leading to balance - and for those who'd prefer something less sweet I'll also vouch for the impressively moist muffins or the truly inspired tart; a sort of Italian style macaroon meets blueberry muffin.
5	For my birthday party a day ago my fiancee and some friends bought me a cake from Tammie Coe for their surprise party. It was jaw droppingly gorgeous, it was a gothic coffin cake with red velvet and cheesecake filling between. The artistic design and details were fantastic, it was something I almost didn't want to cut into! One top of it all it was delicious, very moist and full of flavor. Thanks to Tammie Coe for helping make my birthday one of the most, if not the most, memorable ever
4	their cakes are super delicious but insanely expensive so be prepared.
5	Always, always a delicious, fresh cupcake!  By far THEE best red velvet and coconut cupcakes EVER!  Snickerdoodle cookies are pretty darn good too!
5	Red.Velvet.Cupcake...... AMAZING! One of the best ones I have ever had. It was hard to choose from all the available options, but many people can't master the craft of the red velvet cupcake appropriately. Definitely worth you time to stop and grab some sweets from this place. There is also a bread bakery in the same location and you are visually tempted to buy that with the wonderful display. Great place, will definitely be back.
3	I don't crave sweets very often, so I don't mind pay premium for a good cupcake. This cupcakes are good, but not 3 dollars good. I had to remove an inch of frosting to get to the cake part. Too sweet, to much frosting and not enough cake. Disappointed. Also, the kid in charge acted like it was doing us a favor for serving us. If you expect us to pay 40 bucks per a dozen cupcakes, your service needs to be better.
5	Cinnamon Carmel Buns are one of my favorite things to eat in the valley.  Love getting them at the Tammie Coe booth at Vincents on Saturday.  I regular get the english muffins for breakfast and cupcakes for special occasions at home.
5	Thank you yelpers! I found this place by reading reviews. I'm not from Phoenix so I am not familiar with the area but I had to find a place to get a cake for my sisters graduation. The entire family was flying in for her graduation so i wanted a really good cake. I called 5 days before the graduation and ordered my cake. All I told the manager was that it's for a graduation and that I wanted some sort of graduation decor on it. My theme was pink and zebra. She was very pleasant over the phone and really knew her stuff (I wish I could remember her name). The cake was a hit! My sister loved it. And it taste really fresh and good. The decor was perfect! Everything about this cake was good. I got the chocolate cake with raspberry and white chocolate mousse. I would definitely recommended this place!!!!
2	Tammie Coe has the tastiest cupcakes, bread, and pastries this side of the Mississip, no doubt, but I have a serious bone to pick with the business practice which seems to be one catered to the convenience of the business rather than customer satisfaction.I popped in to the Tammie Coe on Roosevelt in mid December to order one of their standard cakes for my birthday that week.  I'd already checked the website for any information on holiday issues and none were posted.  After going through the trouble of collecting my personal information and which kind and size of cake I wanted the clerk informed me that the only type of fondant available during December is red, green, and white for the holiday."This is for my birthday cake and I'd really prefer the standard pink and white polka dot fondant that you always have," I said.  "We don't have it because it is the holiday.""Do you realize people celebrate other things in December besides Christmas?" I asked.No answer.I realize it's not her fault, and it is the peril of the December birthday to have everything doused in red, green, and white, but I couldn't believe it was impossible to get a non-Christmas cake.  As it turns out, the standard cakes listed on the website are not standard in December, and if you want what is normally offered the other 11 months out of the year it's a "special order" in December.After about ten minutes of half-assed solutions (including slathering the entire cake in sprinkles instead of fondant) I said never mind.Then I went to AJ's and ordered a cake that cost half the price, was just as delicious, and not holiday themed. Shame on Tammie.  I'm massively disappointed.
