1	What an epic fail... where to even begin? We were drawn to try this place because of their grand opening promotion of BOGO entrees valid on Mon. Tue, Wed thru 10/10/12. After being seated, it took over 15 minutes for our server to come by and even offer us glasses of water. We showed her the promotional coupon and asked if we could order 4 entrees between the 3 of us, and she answered yes, we would get the 2 least expensive entrees free. We decided to go with a bread bowl of clam chowder ($9), 2 orders of the fish & chips ($18 each), crab louie entree salad ($17), and linguine with clam sauce ($17), and later on key lime and apple pies for dessert ($7 each).For some reason they thought it would be acceptable to combine both orders of the fish & chips onto one plate, but we got jipped because there was only 1 small order's worth of fries. We decided not to make a fuss over it. There were 6 pieces of beer battered fish altogether. Unfortunately the batter was very thick and greasy yet also soggy on the bottom. After my first piece, I couldn't take it anymore and ended up peeling off almost all of the batter from subsequent pieces. The mediocre tartar sauce was too runny and lacked enough acidity to balance out the mayonnaise.As for the salad, the crab meat contained several small shell fragments and was flavorless. Our friend thought his clam chowder was so-so, and it didn't appear creamy enough. Also, the bacon overpowered the clam flavor. The linguine was ok, but nothing memorable.Desserts were meh. Our key lime pie was dominated by whipped cream. The key lime part was more like mousse, and the flavor was far too subtle. The pie crust was quite thick and somewhat soggy. Our friend didn't even finish his apple pie, and it wasn't because he was full. As for service, this is where it gets interesting. As soon as we received our entrees, our server asked us how the food was, when it was obvious that we hadn't even touched our food yet. We answer that we just got our food, and she replied that she would be back to check on us, which she never did until we were almost done eating our entrees. My water glass remained empty for over 10 minutes before it was refilled. At another point, she came by and put her water pitcher down on the table and asked if we were interested in dessert. We said sure. She ignored my more than half empty water glass and picked her water pitcher back up and left to get the dessert menus. When she returned with the menus about 10-15 minutes later and eventually returned to take our order after another 10-15 minutes, my water glass still was not refilled. In fact, my glass was never refilled after that first time and remained near empty. Finally, we flag her down and ask for the check. Eventually, she brings the check, but says she can't apply the promotional BOGO discount until we give her the coupon. We tell her we already gave you the coupon when we placed our order. She mumbles something while leaving me the bill and takes off. At this point, I'm not sure what is going on. Was she expecting me to give her my credit card before seeing the corrected bill? Several minutes later, she comes back and grabs the check from me with no explanation. She reprocesses the bill, but it only shows one discounted entree instead of two. When I point this out, she says that we only got 3 entrees: 2 fish & chips and a linguine with clam sauce. We tell her we also got the crab louie entree-sized salad. She mumbles something about double checking the menu. Eventually she comes back and says that the manager told her to apply the second discount. However, when she hands me the check, it is somebody else's check with their credit card! I hadn't even given her my credit card yet. She didn't realize her mistake until I pointed that out. While we await her return for the umpteenth time, we ponder whether she is on drugs or just really really stupid. After another 10 minutes or so, I am able to take care of the check and finally get out of there. Starting to notice a pattern? The time between when our server would check on us was long and it added up. We were there almost 2 hours because of the interminably slow service.To summarize, their food is sub-par and pricey for what you get, and the abysmal service is some of the worst I've experienced in a long while. Stay away, or don't say I didn't warn you!
1	The Skinny: lower than average food (2) with sh^&tty service (0) and stay away! stay far far away! (1).Okay - confession. My hubs and I totally look for new places to try out in town on Eater Vegas. One of the more anticipated openings this month was Seafood Shack which replaced Isla, the Mexican restaurant in TI. So we checked out there website which advertised the BOGO entree promotion. SOLD! (I can't help it, I'm Asian and I can't help a good deal). We were going the first Tuesday of the grand opening.So we were getting a table of 3 and I was the first to arrive. I got seated around 6:15 and waited for the rest of the party to arrive. The bus girl comes by, fills the water and leaves me alone. Fine. As my party trickles in, I still had no idea who my server was. By this time, it's around 6:50 before she decides to saunter to our table and even acknowledge our presence. Dead serious. No asking if I wanted a drink, no wondering if I wanted to order an appy or anything. Yeah. It was that bad.I was watching her like a hawk too - she literally disappeared for a significant portion of the time unlike the other servers around the restaurant. We literally saw her once to take our order, once when our entrees came (she asked us how they were when we didn't even get a chance to take a bite), once to take the dessert order (which I had to flag her down -- she mumbled under her breath "in a minute") and three times finally to get our bill right.Yeah, you guys heard me. Three fr$%king times to get the bill right. (She lost our BOGO coupon, neglected to take off a discounted item, gave us another person's bill -- I could've taken off with another dude's credit card --- yeah... that bad). That added another 30 minutes of playtime at the Seafood Shack.I was beginning to think it should be renamed Seafood Inn because at the rate we were going, I thought we might have to sleep in our chairs. We were stranded there for 2 hours. God forbid if you actually had show or something to catch.Already the service (or lack thereof) would be enough to detract most people. Add to the fact that the food was subpar at best made the insult even more pronounced.I ordered a crab louie salad which is not difficult to do well as long as the ingredients are good. The crab meat was severely below expectations. The crab was all macerated, and lacked the sweetness good quality meat. Added to the fact that there were bits of the clear shell and outer shell pieces mixed in, it was no es bueno. Throw in a few meally tomatoes and some rather generic thousand island dressing, you have yourself a sh*(ty experience for $16.95.We ordered 2 orders of the fish and chips ($17.95) which were put apparently on the same plate for reasons unknown. That was annoying because we were out with a friend and he obviously didn't want to eat off of our plates. Plus, they only provided half of the serving of chips but double the fries. Not that the fries were that great to begin with but come on! The fish itself was greasy, overly battered and quite frankly nothing I would order again. Again, the tartar sauce was some generic stuff you could get at any grocery market.Our pal ordered a clam chowder (comes in a bread bowl -$8.95) and the linguine with clams ($16.95) but neither was anything special according to him.By now, I should have known better and quit while I was ahead. However, I am a sucker for key lime pie and noticed it was on the menu. So thinking that there had to be some sort of redeeming quality about this establishment, I ordered that to share with the hubs while our pal got an apple pie a la mode ($6.95 each).Okay - let me get this straight - if your key lime pie is f%^king lime green, you know it came out of a box and that there's no freaking way there's any sort of real lime in there let alone, key limes. The oh-so soggy crust accompanied by the rather solid bright green filling from a generic Jello box was a full on textural assault and violation. Would not do this again. I noticed as well, our friend's apple pie - he left most of his pie crust on his plate and it looked like a limp doughy mass.In general, I do not have a lot of one star reviews and I really hate writing one unless it is really really bad on all fronts. However, Seafood Shack - you've just +1'ed yourself in my 1 star club. (1 star review).
5	I recently ate at this restaurant. I received fantastic service and really enjoyed the food. The oysters and the tuna poke are fantastic starters. Their cioppino was better than ones I've had in San Francisco, Boston and even New Orleans. The key lime pie was delicious especially with raspberries on the side. Overall a good experience and well worth the time.
5	I recently visited the Shack on my trip to Vegas. Stopped in and had the salmon fillet stuffed with lobster and crab! It was the best seafood I have ever had! Went back the next night and it was no longer available but the Chef went out of his way and made it for me anyway!!!!!  What else can I say, one very satisfied customer.. 5 stars all the way Thanks Chef...
4	My friend and I decided to have a meal at the Shack instead of Pho.  First time here and I have got to say, not to shabby.Of course we started with an app, the Salad Nicoise.  I felt that it was very well made.  If you are a fan of olives, you will enjoy this bad boy.  My buddy and I did feel that the salt may have gotten away from the chef.  Over salted, but I didn't mind too much (maybe to request less salt next time).  The tuna was soft and you could taste the pepper snear.  Love the buttered bread they had on the side of the plate, but it gets soggy with the salad.  Our main course was the Clam Bake! That's right, go big or go home.. I thought it was very well made and presented.  I ordered a side of garlic fries to sweeten my meal.  Great addition.  Clams were huge and plenty of mussels.  Some sausages and corn.  The lobster was well baked in there and the sauce was just right.  Not over powering and I did not die of thirst = not much sodium! Bam!  I ended up having to ask for a togo box.. Sadly we lost.  I had some desert, the carrot cake.  I have got to say, more carrot taste and less frosting.  I don't how everyone else likes it, but I prefer less frosting on anything.  Cake came out and it looked like an ice cream sandwich.  Pretty decent sized.  Our server, very nice gentlemen.  Right out, he asked for our drink order, then came back several minutes later and asked for our app and came back later once again and asked for our main order.  Nice guy, came back with some bibs for our main entree and the table was prep with wet naps.  He came back with my refill before slurping the bottom.  He was on top of things, even my togo boxes, he made sure to double my box in case some of the sauce slipped through the first one.  Environment, Great looking.  I thought it looked a bit Japanses from the top.  I like how it was secluded from the casino.  People dont watch you as they walk by.  Privacy! I like to lick my fingers! Don't judge me! Overrall I will come back.  There are plenty of other things to try and I would like to see if anything would change to add a start.. Hopefully not to take away one.
5	The service was excellent starting from the phone call to make the reservation... The food was excellent.  Everything was delicious including the service... I recommend theshrimp and avocado salad
3	Wife and I tried this place with a GroupOn deal.  What we ordered was okay and we will probably go back but wouldn't get the same thing again.
3	Food and service was good. Having lived on west coast of Florida the key lime pie was ok compared to what I expected. If you want great key lime pie you have to make it to the Grand Lux in Venetian.
1	Absolutey bad restaurant.  My husband ordered Clam Chowder soup (soup, for goodness sakes!) and it was VERY salty.  They gave him another one and it was still too salty.I ordered Tuna Tartare and that was too salty as well.  I didn't bother asking for another plate. And we saw another guest return his food as well.Perhaps it was just a bad night, but never again will we go back.
2	Meh is right. I was here because I had people in from out of town, and well, we just happened upon it.  The prices are ridiculous, though I understand because it's in a major resort, but really, if you're going to price-gouge me at least give me decent service. The server was less than pleasant and really looked like he was being inconvenienced by, y'know, serving people.  Thanks guy. The food is... meh.  There was New England clam chowder, lobster stuffed mushrooms, and cajun fried shrimp.  It was on par of a Joe's Crab Shack.  Yeah... again, meh. Would I come back? Not unless the out-of-towners desperately wanted to return.
5	After reading others reviews I was regretting having bought a Groupon for this restaurant but I bought it so I might as well use it. Not any of the bad comments happened to us. We were seated as soon as we walked in. Immediately they brought the glasses of water and took our appetizer order which was brought out in 5 minutes, immediately we ordered our main course, my hubby had the fishermans platter and I had the shrimp and calamari platter which they served to us in about 10 minutes. Everything was delicious and the portions are worth the price. We were totally stuffed that we couldn't have dessert. All in all from the moment we walked in, to being served, eat and pay our bill it was no more than. 35 minutes. Love this place,  can't wait for our next trip to Vegas
3	slow service!The food was great but the service was slow! I had the Fish and Chips... I think they were still trying to catch the cod fish or something... the wait was ridicuously 30 min long that we almost walked out of there... they should know that it's Las Vegas and people flock to restaurants and opt to dine out especially on a weekend so they should be prepared and have a full staff especially when there's an event going on in Vegas... luckily, we still made it out on time for the main event at Mandalay Bay... I guess I can't complain much, this was a Groupon deal, which I should've printed, the app took forever to come up (signal is low inside the restaurant) Boo! :(This restaurant is located in the Treasure Island Casino and open only for dinner... we tried eating there for lunch. Bar was open though...
5	It was great experience at the Seafood Shack in Vegas. I went here in early November '12 and it is now January '13 and I still remember this experience clearly. It's right in the Treasure Island hotel so it was a perfect dinner spot.  I purchased a Groupon not knowing how this place would be, but I'm very glad that I did.  The portions they give are generous and price is reasonable. I had the clam chowder in a bread bowl with garlic fries on the side.  I definitely did not need the extra fries because my boyfriend ordered some lobster roll and it came with garlic fries. My eyes were big when I ordered haha.  Also, we had this friendly Asian waitress that was working by herself, yet she always came at the right times. I was surprised at the awesome service this lady gave us.  She delivered our food in a timely manner, helped us with the menu, and even suggested my lemonade alcoholic beverage.  I loved it btw.  My favorite drink while I was there.I'm sure we'll be back on our next trip to Vegas and I hope it'll be another great experience.
5	Treasure Island - Seafood Shack.Had dinner ala Groupon. Very clean, pleasant staff, quick service, great quality and quantity of well prepared food.We started with a half dozen very cold, thick, and flavorful Oysters on the Half shell. They came with a champagne slush that was mixed with a spicy sauce. Topping the oysters with this was fantastic!! Each oyster with the slush was cold, mildly spicy, and extremely flavorful. I should have ordered a dozen oysters and a quart of that champagne slush. We also had a white wine steamed mix of mussels and clams. This offering came hot and plentiful. Plump mussels and clams in a great broth. The garlic points that were with the bowl were not enough to dunk up all the broth. I will ask for more toast next time.My Wife and I are confirmed "Food Sinners". I could care less how terrible fried food is for me. It is worth your life here in the desert to get a decent Jersey Shore fried Seafood Dinner. Well, we found a place that knows how to do it. This TI Seafood Shack does a fried seafood platter that would get the blessing of Captain Nemo himself. The plate contained big portions of thick white fish that was fried to perfection along with shrimp and scallops, all big and all very fresh. Hey, we are NOT talking   pre-frozen stuff here, we are talking boat to belly fresh. Cole slaw, fresh French fries, tartar sauce and cocktail sauce rounded the whole thing out. When we were done eating, there was no film of grease on the plate. Each piece of fried seafood had only the fresh fried taste of that variety of ocean denizen it was. There was no grease on our hands and no greasy smell either. The white wine by the glass and my very cold beer added to the pleasure of this meal.Libby had a piece of key lime pie for dessert. The pie was chiffon type, not that jello like stuff you tend to get in this area. It was tall, limey zippy, and sweet. I had to fight her for a couple tastes by the fork full. (Wives are not allowed to refuse Husbands tastes).I did have a coffee and EL Wife-O had hot tea. By the time we left I felt a lot like a bowling ball. The service, food and casual atmosphere in the Seafood Shack are just what most of us want when we need to get to the show or on to the gaming tables. This is great food at a reasonable price. Remember you pay for fresh and you pay for quality. I don't have a problem with that, ever!!
4	I really enjoyed the food at the Seafood Shack! I had the lobster stuffed mushrooms and Cajun Crawfish and my husband had a bowl of clam chowder that was delicious and Ahi Tuna that he really enjoyed! The server was very attentive! We were very pleaded overall!
4	Came here using a $40 Groupon. We got the clam chowder in a bread bowl, crawfish and blackened red snapper. The clam chowder was on par with what you find in Boston! The crawfish was amazing! We wanted more bread to sop up the broth! I would've given 5 stars but the blackened red snapper was sooooo bland. Maybe the chef was tired since we were one of the last customers.
4	Went here on behalf of a Groupon.Walking up to the actual restaurant, it looks like it's a really small bar so I was quite puzzled. But come to find out the Host led us into the back where there was an actual restaurant setting. They really went with the theme. From the walls, tables, chairs right down to the lobster-like claw salt & pepper shakers. It's actually really cute.I had the Mermaid Mojito to start off which is a mojito with strawberries in it. The drink was pretty big but I didn't even get a hint of a buzz so either my tolerance went up because I consumed more alcohol while in Vegas or the bartender was sheisty. I go with option 2, just sayin'Had the Angel Hair Pasta (No meat for Lent) which is pasta with tomatoes, garlic, basil & olive tapenade. It was not too bad, I have no complaints since I finished the whole thing. So I guess you can say their serving sizes are just right, they don't want to have to roll you out after eating there ;)The service was awesome well, I guess the only thing that prevented me from giving it 5 stars is that the Host I guess kept checking us out & walking by at random times just to stare. I, of course was oblivious to this but my friend noticed it right off the bat & pointed it out every time he passed by. Sorta creepy if you ask me. Meh, whatevers.
1	My apology to the servers because this isn't a reflection on them, we had very good service. The food however was below mediocre. Don't waste your time going here. There are many more restaurants in Vegas that you will enjoy more. This was the worst food we have had in Vegas. Long John Silver is better than this place.
5	Went here on a whim after glancing at the menu. It was later in the night (around 9 pm) so there weren't too many people in the restaurant, which made our service very good. The food was outstanding! I had the herb and parmesan crusted tilapia and it was cooked perfectly. My boyfriend had the crab legs and it looked like there was about 2 pounds of crab. Our portions were huge for the price (maybe they gave us more since it was the end of the night) which was nice. Fun decor inside. Curious to try during normal dinner hours but I will definitely be returning to this restaurant next time I am in Vegas.
5	I definitely recommend this place. Last time I was in Vegas I stayed at Treasure Island. I  chose the Seafood Shack for dinner because the line at the buffet was way too long. I sat at the bar and the bartender was attentive and pleasant.I chose the fried shrimp platter for dinner.  It came with fries and cole slaw. You get big pieces of meaty shrimp, not at all greasy. The fries were also quite good. The fries had the skin still on, which I prefer. The beer was a pale ale (I forget the name) the tap was shaped like a red lighthouse. The beer was perfectly cold and had a nice bite to it. The beer was an excellent complement to the shrimp. The beer was so good that I ordered another one :)If you are wary of eating seafood in the middle of the desert, don't be! This was as good a seafood dinner as any I've had on the East coast.
4	My husband & I both ordered the Parmesan Cod over Lobster Mashed Potatoes & corn bisque...absolutely wonderful!!!  And even though we were there right at closing time, the service was flawless and made us feel totally welcome and I rushed.  A great experience overall.
5	The food here was great!  I got the seafood platter and the scallops and shrimp was so good.  I would def come here again. The waiting staff was so nice and attentive.  There wasn't alot of people in the resturant but it is worth trying out.
1	Beware if you're not using cash!!!If I could give no stars I would. Went here for a drink and dinner with my husband. We had coupons so everything came out to under $19.49, tip included. Checked my online banking account the next day and see that they are holding a charge of $226.08. WTF?!?!  Called everyone under the sun only to be transferred and then transferred and then sent to a voicemail. Lets see how long the manager takes to call us back.From now on I'll be avoiding all restaurants in the T.I.
4	I thought the food and appetizers were great and tasty got the lobster roll totally awesome full of lobster meat couldn't finish it. Ate it for lunch the next day the flavor were even better. I will be going back for more.
1	I was really disappointed about our experience at seafood shack. We came here to dine one night after feeling too tired to cook something. The experience started with NO HOST at the entrance -- hmm, are we suppose to seat ourselves? But why do they have a host booth? Finally someone came to help us get settled. I requested for a table with booth since our kids manage to fall off any regular chair whenever we're at a restaurant coz of their non-stop playing while waiting for the food. The spacing between tables were TOO CLOSE. You could literally hear the next table's conversation even if you don't intend to do so. We were given menu but the waiter too forever to get our order because he was too busy flirting with a bunch of customers who came in way later than we did. When he did finally get our order, he was in so much hurry. I had to ask him to repeat what I said just to make sure he got what I ordered. The waiting time was OKAY. But guess what, the other table who came later & ordered later than we did GOT THEIR FOOD FIRST! Really dude?! Really..I wanna just get up and leave but I we waited too long & too hungry to leave. Thinking the food was gonna be good, we stayed -- but IT WAS A DISASTER!! Man! We should've just walked away!! My pasta was too salty & the steak was too tough. Our son's tilapia with pilaf rice & the 2 dozen raw oysters were the only decent food on the table. I am never going back again. Staff needs to get retrained on proper costumer care & HOW TO PRIORITIZE clients. Prices were too steep for the quality of food we ordered. Stay away. Too overrated.
5	This place has become one of my favorite places to eat in Vegas. The food was incredibly good, the staff was nothing but courteous, and the prices were fair for the amount of food we had. We will be returning here the next time we're out this way.
2	I read the reviews before going here so I was ready for a hit or miss.  MISS!  The clam chowder does indeed suck.  All you taste is ham.  The bread bowl it comes in is dry and old.  The steamed mussels and clams is terrible.  It also came with a dry, stale piece of bread.  The fried clams were even worse.  The clams were all lumped up and stuck together and the batter was gross.  White Castle even does a better fried clams. I had the linguini with clams with a few pieces of small, whole clams and a watery, soup like sauce.  Your average NY pizza joint does it better.  The only thing that I enjoyed was my margarita.  If you enjoy lower quality seafood restaurants such as Red Lobster, etc. then you'll probably enjoy this place, too.
2	Chewy lobster and pathetic sides is not my idea of a good meal. The "red" potatoes were boiled whole, until they were no longer red and then plopped on the plate with a few sogged out Brussels sprouts. We got my son the "coconut" shrimp but it didn't have any coconut! Must have run out? But they didn't tell us. Save your money, go somewhere else.
3	After finally tracking down the Seafood shack/Mojito Bar, I was excited for a $6 Mojito during their happy hour. Unfortunately, our bartender had some irritated-like attitude that I didn't really appreciate. Personally, I think that If you can't act the part of a fun or outgoing bartender, maybe you shouldn't be one? Mojito wasn't very strong, but still decent. Service of course, wasn't the best... but I would probably return if a different bartender was there.
4	We came here on a Tuesday evening and ordered 1. Fisherman's platter (25)2. Cajun seafood pasta (19) for $12 (used the Groupon deal $20 for $40)  - Inside T.I. Look for a bar and a ship along the side. - Similar to Joe's crab shack, but not shack looking. - Quick seating and fast service. Greeted by the hostess. We got seated right away and was assisted by the waiter a few moments later. Another served us our water. We ordered right away and literally got our food in less then 10min. Amazing! Suspiciously, too fast, yet the food was fresh! - Fisherman's platter consisted of 2 scallops, 2 fish fillets, and a few fried shrimp, served with a side of cole slaw and fries. The platter tasted pretty good, not too remarkable though. -The Cajun seafood pasta was delicious. I was a bit afraid that it would taste too spicy, but it wasn't. There were pieces of crawfish and 2 that still in its shell and enough shrimp. It came with a side of garlic bread too. - They tax after they take off the 40 off, meaning that your bill is a whole lot cheaper!- For what it's worth, I'd say that our meal tasted like a really fancy Long John's Silver, not as good as Joe's Crab Shack, but a your average mid class quick seafood was a nice dine experience. But because we used a Groupon, it made the entire experience worth my while!
3	Came on a Thursday afternoon with a Groupon.  We were seated immediately.   Service was excellent.  Ordered the Crab Louie - lots of crab, but it didn't wow me.  No flavor whatsoever to the crab.  Friend who dislikes seafood ordered the steak.  They were thoughtful about asking to butterfly the steak to meet her needs and our need to catch a flight.   Food was only okay.  Good value with Groupon, but I wouldn't want  to pay full price as the taste was just not there.  I did really like the look of the restaurant and want to give a great big shout out to fantastic service.  Would I return?  Probably not.
2	I visited this place with my Mom, didn't realize it opened at 5pm. Waited a while, they opened the place and sat us around 505.I purchased the Seafood Shack Clam Bake and was excited-the place looked neat and the servers were friendly. It's Vegas so I didn't mind paying $80 for my Mom and I to get the most expensive thing on the menu, and I don't think I've had Maine Lobster before!Since we were the first ones there we got served pretty quickly. The food looked nicely presented. When I dug in I realized the muscles were teeny-I mean, I've never seen such small muscles. The shrimp was so overcooked they were dark red and rubbery, the lobster was laughably small and overcooked as well. I was upset at being ripped off, we could have had a feast at Bacchanal for the same price but the people were nice and the service was quick.WOULD NOT RECOMMEND, there's so much better on the strip.
2	First let me say that I am a huge fan of mojitos so I was super excited to come here for one. since we were staying at Treasure Island, we were given a 2-for-1 cocktail voucher to use here which is awesome! We arrived at about 1130 pm on Monday 9-9-13 (don't judge us) and I sat at the bar while the guys I was with went to the restroom...It took about 5 minutes for the bartenders to notice me and I wasn't even in a hidden spot or anything. Finally I asked if I could use the voucher towards two mojitos and before they answered me they laughed and mumbled something about me to each other. they obviously assumed they were both for me. My boyfriend and his brother came back and noticed that I wasn't happy and asked if I wanted to leave but I wanted my mojito damn it! The bartender had to ask me 3 times what it was I wanted because he had forgotten, and then even had to ask someone else how to make it. THEN he tried to tell me that what I had ordered wasn't on the menu and I literally had to point it out to him. after what seemed like forever, we got our drinks, and we were told 2 different total amounts. The people working here need to get it together. also, we didn't order any food, but the people behind us had some and it looked pretty questionable.
3	Generally, I try to stay away from restaurants with the word "shack" in their name.  But, as I will eat practically anything born and raised in the sea, I decided to check this place out.I found the menu to be suprisingly lengthy.  There is everything from Long John Silver's type fried fare to Cioppino and salad Nicoise.I chose the Cioppino ($25) which was pretty tasty.  The broth was flavorful but, unfortunately, the accompanying seafood was a bit overcooked.  They also skimped  on the clams and mussels.  But, in a jam, I would order this again.  Honestly, I found this Cioppino as good as RM Seafood's. I also tried the lobster mac and cheese side that came with the Cioppino for $6.95 more.  Total disappointment.  Bland, bland, bland and tiny, tiny pieces of lobster.  Not worth the price or the calories.I found it a bit odd that they didn't provide bread with the meal considering the entrees are a bit pricey.  If you're gonna charge fancy prices, step up the game!Service was good, atmosphere was blah (lobster claw salt and pepper shakers were cute, though).  I'll probably go back but there are better seafood restaurants on the strip.P.S. - Carlos Mencia ate at the table next to me. Weird.
2	We stopped by for our 2-for-1 drink special. not a very cool environment, maybe it would have been better if Rick the bar tender wasn't such a downer.Honestly Rick sucked and made me want to leave right away. I don't drink really and I had no idea what to get, he offered no help and simply said let me know when you are ready and walked away from us. I feel like if you are a bar tender you should be fun and social not sucky and crotchety.  The drinks were alright, I have definitely made better mojitos myself at home but i guess technically one was free, even though they cost some $10 and you cant get the happy hour mojito for $6 because of the 2-for-1 coupon. Either way I DON'T intend on stopping by here ever again. THANKS RICK!
3	Despite the cruddy reviews below, I had several good happy hour experiences recently. Note- happy hour only and prefeably while milking a twenty in the video poker machines at the bar a few free Tanquery and Tonics. I ate the Ahi Poke on three occasions and the hot wings on a couple- both were very good.
1	We had a Groupon for this place and were sorry we bought it. I ordered the "Lobster Roll" . I've HAD lobster rolls in Maine and this wasn't one. It was a "Lobster SALAD roll" . the whole inside bottom of the bun was layered with lettuce so as to BOOST the look of the thing. Not terrible BUT NOT a lobster roll. My wife ordered the fish and chips and it was crispy on the outside but doughy and gooey on the inside.More batter than fish. She said the fish stunk and didn't finish it...and got sick that night. I would avoid this place like the plague.
5	We come here for the Clam Bake!!! We make sure to eat here every time we are in Vegas.
5	Loved it. Ordered clam chowder in a bread bowl (a little heavy on the bacon, but appealed to hubby's taste), steamed clams- wonderful large juicy clams with no sand, and the pan roast with New England sauce.  I can't say enough about the pan roast, so awesomely delish. A tad salty but went well with the pilaf, the best I've ever had. Palace Station pan roast is the bomb but this is even better IMO. We tried to return for dinner but it was after 10 pm and were closed.  It is on our encore list for our next visit to LV. 4.5 stars rounded up.
4	It was late, I was tired and wasn't expecting much.  The Alaskan White on tap and a wonky looking bowl of clam chowder picked me right up.  I've never seen anyone turn a bread bowl on it's side and then fill it lengthwise before, not pretty, but still tasty.  We didn't order a real meal, just some appetizers the crab cakes were small but nice and full of lump crab meat.  And best of all it was a good value, cheaper and better quality food than Sr Frogs.
4	stayed at Treasure Island while going to Shot Show/January 2014. Had dinner here and it was very good. See you next year.
5	Great experience and value that exceeded expectations!!Drinks, food, service, and ambiance were all high quality! The Seafood Shack was managed well and staff operated in a first class manner.On Saturday evening, the Seafood Shack was so busy that we could not get in. This was a good sign and we returned on Sunday evening. They were less busy and we were immediately seated. We had purchased a $20 Groupon for $40 off of the bill without restrictions. (We have a strong preference for Groupons that do not restrict the selection). We had two cocktails each, shared two appetizers, an order of blackened crab legs, and desserts.Our server (Fernando) was very professional! Throughout the meal, he provided just the right amount of attention! Likewise, the General Manager (Matt) stopped by our table and was very gracious.The cocktails were perfect. My date had a couple of Super Mojitos and I had two martinis. They were tasty and served quickly after ordering. Our appetizers were the seafood stuffed mushrooms and crab cakes. Both appetizers were freshly prepared and served on hot plates.  We shared an order of blackened crab legs which were extraordinarily good. This was plenty of food for the two of us. The next time we are in Las Vegas, we will enjoy another meal at the Seafood Shack.
2	I got a groupon for this place and went there during my vegas stay. I wasn't sure if it was because of my groupon or because it was actually true, but when I ordered the seafood shack clam bake (that was supposed to include a whole maine lobster, clams, mussels, prawns, and sausage), the waiter informed us that they were out of lobsters and mussels - what seafood restaurant would be out of not one, but two types of seafood? He informed that they could substitute lobster for crab legs and the mussels for additional clams. We weren't picky so we said that was fine. When the clam bake came, the flavours were pretty good, but the seafood didn't taste very fresh, and the clams were overcooked and shriveled up. From all the restaurants on the strip that we could visit next time we come, I don't think I'll back to this one.
5	This place was excellent...maybe I was drinking, maybe I was starving after leaving the Cirque show but damn, their fish and chips and coconut shrimp were amazing!! No seriously, add to that excellent service and that fact that since I stayed at TI I had a two for one coupon they gave me at check in...that I totally forgot about but she added it before I even asked...this place was great.Food 10Service 10Atmosphere 10SOLD...I would go back... like tomorrow if I could, get the Fish-N-chips :)
4	Who would expect a restaurant at non-fancy side of the spectrum in a mega resort could be good?Well, this place was quite a surprise in that regard. Foods here are tasty!
4	Crazy fast service, knowledgeable wait staff., delicious food, reasonable prices!  Had the Cajun pasta which had a very decent amount of shrimp, crab, etc with a perfect linguini in a Cajun sauce. Spicy but not over the top. Added a clam and mussel steamer....lots of good eating for around $30.Nicely done interior, very casual. About a twenty minute wait for seating on Wednesday might at 6pm. Nice lounge area and bar to wait at. On menu many more grilled and steamed selections as well as a few typical fried items.
3	Overall rating...Mehhhhhhh. Got the cajun seafood pasta. Bland. Just bland. No amount of salt, pepper, or malt vinegar could elevate the taste. Three Words: Old Bay Seasoning. Try it. You'll like it.
4	We came here on a Friday night around 8pm and it was not packed.  My BFF and I shared a fisherman's platter and a pan roast New England style (Sea Scallops, Shrimp, Clams, Mussels, and 1/2 Maine Lobster,braised and served with rice pilaf).  The pan roast items sat in a bed of delicious clam sauce.  We started dipping our fried items from the fisherman's platter in the New England clam sauce and was very delighted.  The fisherman's platter would not have been as good if we didn't have clam sauce.  The Cole slaw that came with the fisherman's platter was nothing to rave about, nor were the red and white sauces.  The scallops on the fisherman's platter were SO PLUMP and HUGE and JUICY.  Oh my!  We were very happy considering that we used a Groupon.  Might we come back?  Only with a Groupon considering there's so much good food and buffets in Vegas.
4	Came here using a Groupon. Husband had the ciopinni - delicious but a tad bit heavy on the salt, I had the shrimp and avocado salad - lots of shrimp, half an avocado, spicy dressing, very filling, my kid got the salmon which was okay but may not have not been the best choice since we are from Washington. However the side of mac n cheese that came with his salmon was the BOMB!  Prices are reasonable, relaxed atmosphere, great for families.
4	I stayed at Treasure Island for the first time earlier this month and got a nice 2-for-1 entree coupon at Seafood Shack, along with a 2-for-1 cocktail coupon at any of the places within TI (including Seafood Shack) as part of our room benefits.Let's just say I used both of these in the same meal and had 2 $35 entrees and 2 $10 cocktails for $50 pre-tip. I thought I couldn't handle it so I texted some friends saying they should join if they come by in time. Good thing they didn't because I devoured it all.The Lobster Stuffed Salmon was really good and I would definitely recommend getting it, as long as you aren't on a no carb diet like my friend. Sucker. I got the New England style Pan Roast as my second dish and it was good, but not worth its $35 price tag in terms of quantity. But with the coupon it's not bad.Drink recommendation per the waiter was Blackbeard's Love Potion, which he said sounds/looks deceiving because it is pure alcohol. Tastes sweet but has only alcohol in it.Oh I also added a key-lime pie to top it off, which is worth trying as well! I would have gone for the carrot cake but I felt that going into the 3000 calorie range for one meal would be a bit excessive. Next time.
1	Ate at the bar and Rick the bartender was the most miserable guy ever... Food was ok just but lacks imagination. Fish platter has the same coating on the scallops, fish and prawns ... Zzzzz,! Not worth the money even with the 2 for 1 entree voucher.Mai Tai cocktail using Cabo Tequila was good ... That was 5* but Rick and the food -4* Not coming back
3	We were hungover, hungry and needed to use my Groupon before it expired so off to Seafood Shack we went.. I hadn't been to the Treasure Island in forever! Inside the casino, the restaurants, the restrooms, everywhere...it smells like a mix of cigarette smoke and Banana Boat lol The atmosphere of the restaurant is cute.. think of an upgraded Joe's Crab Shack.. Our waiter was friendly and the food came out at a decent pace..*Clam chowder in sourdough bread bowl- the chowder was nothing special but the bread was good.*Crab cakes come with 3 small pieces.. Though they were small, they tasted like they barely had any filler in them.. just lots of crab meat..*Blackened Chicken- came out piping hot and moist*Seafood Pasta- lots of pieces of crawfish and shrimp in a creamy sauce*Lobster roll- mehh.. Lobster meat tasted fake..Before the discount the bill came up to around $85.. Would I come here again? Probably not.. Don't know if this is just a coincidence but my boyfriend and I both had stomach aches that night...
1	I ate by the bar. Glass of water. I seen mixed reviews of this place so I figured I would start with an appetizer and if it was yummy move on to an entree. I chose the crab and spinach dip. It was a nice size portion for $12 bucks but the taste was bland as all out doors. It was plenty of crab in it also. I sent it back and got the lobster and seafood stuffed mushrooms. They were much better yet still lacking flavor. I didn't get an entree and I probably won't be back
5	AWESOME CRAB LEGS!! we came on a thursday night, got in quickly, and had the best crab legs ive ever had! and bomb lobster mac n cheese!! they give you a great quantity of crab legs a full meal. and our server Genaro was fantastic!  we had a lovely little date night experience, and dont forget the mango mojito!! just go here!
4	Slow service even on a dead Monday, however it was worth the wait.  After so many disappointments in Vegas it was nice to have some decent food.  It wasn't perfect but close.  I got the Fisherman's platter and She got a Lobster Roll.  The worst was the overcooked, cold lobster on her roll even if the flavors were nice.  Everything on my plate was spot on except the Shrimp, only slightly over done.  I was disappointed in the portion size more than anything else even for Vegas.
3	Went to this restaurant two days ago and i enjoyed my experience.Atmosphere: It's in the Treasure Island casino and was pretty easy to find. I LOVED the decor. I'm also a huge fan on the nautical look so if you are too this is your place! The decor is really what you'd be coming for. Seaglass, knots, anchors, buoys, it is nautical heaven. Food: I would give the food 3 or 4 stars out of five? nothing spectacular but still delicious. I tried the crawfish (delicious, the garlicy broth was the best part), lobster roll (it was served cold even though the waitress told us it would be warm...it was okay but I've had better) Cioppino (good but almost too tomato heavy for me, it was too thick and almost tasted like spaghetti sauce). however, portion sizes are LARGE. Service: Our server was friendly but she didn't check on us too often and we would run out of drinks and sit there for a good 10 minutes before she came back to give us refills. HOWEVER, towards the end of the meal a busser or another older filipina waitress started serving us and she was awesome. She refilled everything and kept our table clean. Price: Average Vegas restaurant price plus it's seafood so a plate will run you at least $25. Would I go again? - Yes but I wouldn't be sad if I missed it. (I live in CA and go to Vegas almost every year).
2	I really didn't thought the quality of the food did not substantiate the higher prices at this restaurant located inside Treasure Island. The one thing I did like is that the employees were always giving us samples of alcohol, although I don't really like to drink alcohol while eating food as it conflicts with the food.Anyhow, I ordered a cup of clam chowder but in retrospect, I should have ordered the bowl because they ended up being the same price. Then, I had some oysters. These were pretty decent, but just make sure that your waiter brings you enough lemons to douse over the oysters. Then, my main dish was the cioppino. I was completely disappointed with this dish. It was not very good. It was very bland and lacked any sort of flavor with the combination of all the seafood. I recall cioppino that I have eaten at other restaurants being superior to the dish I had at Seafood Shack. When I received the bill, I was mad that I had to pay so much for a mediocre dinner. I wish I had gone somewhere else, but my friend chose our dinner destination. Fail.
3	Went here for dinner and it's about average food. The wedge salad is decent but it could have used a bit more bleu cheese for the size, I ate a lot of just lettuce with no toppings. The lobster roll was a bit below average with not that much flavor for some reason but the fries were pretty good. I would maybe pass this one up if you are looking for really good seafood
5	Came here with family and the staff here are very friendly.  The food was very amazing.  Great seafood for being in the middle of the desert. Next time I'm in town I'll be back. Btw had the lobster burrito. .... Amazing! !!! Check it out.
4	I ordered the crusted tilapia, which came with green beans, rice pilaf, and a grilled lemon. It was yummy and the price was decent. The crust on the tilapia was a bit thick, but other than that it was very good. I also got the red sangria which was delicious.
4	This place is located in Treasure Island. We were at treasure island to catch the Mystere show and decided to stop by the Seafood Shack for some dinner. We were both very pleasantly surprised! Only complaint is that the waitress took pretty long to come to our table but I know she was dealing with another table who was giving her some trouble. Once she did come she was very pleasant and good at what she does. The menu is decently big with lots of options. We ended up ordering a salmon dish and the lobster tacos. My boyfriend said the salmon was one of the best he's ever had. My lobster tacos were absolutely phenomenal. They came with a small side salad with delicious dressing. Atmosphere was nice and nautical. Prices weren't too bad. I think we ended up paying around $50 for both meals. I'd definitely recommend it and will be going back next time I'm in Vegas!
2	Disappointing to say the least... Good service but the food was terrible!  We would not return here there are many better places nearby,,,,,,,,
3	Fancy diner,  with plenty of choices.   My salad was a bit limp. The lobster tacos just so so, kind of boring on the sauce.  But overall fine.  Key lime pie and coffee,  were excellent.  With  ok service, a happy ending.
1	We went based on yelp reviews. What were you people thinking? You've got to be kidding me #1 in Las Vegas. Are the other reviews real? What a shame. There must be better places for seafood. Small place about 20 tables. Put my wife in a very bad mood. We expected so much more. Best thing was the salt and pepper shaker claw (simple pleasures); marginal crabcakes, adobo shrimp taco was good, french fries (actually very good). Las Vegas fresh fish was bad. Fishy. Lobster roll was so poor our partner did not even finish. They were overwhelmed; very cold if you know what i mean.either frozen and thawed out or just plain.. I would bet because of the reviews (are they for real?); they do take reservations. Very busy with outside that jammed up the seating area and made for poor atmosphere. People serving seemed very nice but were always putting out fires going in many seemingly disoriented directions. Which resulted in poor service. Bathroom (one in place) is right outside holding a sealed wall did not work well. Will never go back. Life is too short. Vegas has a lot of seafood place go somewhere else.
3	This restaurant is located inside of the Treasure Island Casino, and part of the Mojito Bar. Fortunately there is a wall of glass that separates the bar and casino from the restaurant, so the noise level is reduced inside the restaurant. We were met by the hostess and sat at a great corner table immediately.  Appetizer: Lobster Stuffed mushrooms. The filling was heaven and the sauce was from another world. The mushroom itself though was slightly under cooked we had to slice the mushroom with a knife. Then we waited 25 minutes for our meal to make it out to us.  There were only 4 other tables in the restaurant come on 25 minutes. It's seafood no way even when made to order does it take 25 minutes. Oh yea, but I see that table in the corner who knows the chef, Chef came out said hi, laughed a little. That table keeps getting plate after plate taken to their table. Finally our meal makes it to our table. Seven Seas its a little more soup like then the menu revealed. It's just like a Caldo de Siete Mares. There is a small bowl of rice pilaf served along with it. Clams and shrimp and lobster absolutely delicious. Scallops slightly over cooked. The spicy sauce, well soup is absolutely wonderful. Husband had the Cajun pasta. That came with a cute little crawfish sitting on top.  Yum. $80 bucks later (hey it's Vegas) I can see the hostess ready to leave for the night. Snacking on food near the kitchen. Really? At least go into the kitchen where we can't see you snacking.
5	The lobster mac & cheese was rich and flavorful. Lobster & crap stuffed mushrooms were magnificent. $6 happy hour mojitos didn't disappoint! The server was very personable and happily answered all our questions about the menu. I'm definitely coming back!!
3	OK seafood for the price, esp compared to some other Vegas restaurants. WE ordered one of the daily specials (blackened grouper with etouffe) & grilled salmon. Service seemed slow, as people near us sat down AFTER we ordered, but got served before us (they both had fried seafood dishes as we could see their table). My companion said the salmon was OK, but was not impressed or what she would call memorable. When I tried some, it seemed overcooked to me. My blackened grouper was OK as well. No very peppery and seemed quite salty.
3	This review is for the Mojito Bar located in front of the Seafood Shack and we were staying at Treasure Island Hotel and got a 2 for 1 drink at the Mojito Bar as part of our package.  The drinks were good, we ordered a Mermaid mojito and Cherry Breeze and the breeze was a bit on the sweet side.
5	Just came back from thanksgiving dinner.  Excellent food, service, and atmosphere!   This is my go to place for any occasion.   It was amazing!
5	What an amazing meal ! I rarely do reviews, but literally my wife and I just got back from the Bahamas at sandals where the food was fresh and amazing, but hands down this place was better ! I kid you not ! We ordered the lobster and seafood stuffed mushrooms, the crab cakes and we split the Cajun seafood pasta ... To make matters even better the service was amazing we had wakeen as a server. When we come back to Vegas we will be coming here every time. P.S. the mojitos here rock!
