4	This is my favourite TK Maxx and I've been to all the Edinburgh Stores, Glasgow stores, the one in Dublin, a few in the US. This one has a great homeware section. There are alway bits of le Cruset or Doulton on offer. They have great kitchenware and they carry large items of furniture. Look out for stuff with red labels, those are the real bargains. I've been known to wait for stuff to be reduced rather than pay the first price they want. The only draw back with this place is that the racks are usuually crammed with clothes and shoppers never put things back where they got them from. I've had some really great bargains like DKNY Pure, baby Dior and MCQ. The toys can be good value but the boxes are usually so bashed you couldn't buy them for gifts. Parking here is so easy and you can normally get parked right outside.
3	I am a little more sympathetic to TK Maxx than Stephanie. It is indeed disorganised, it is a bit dingy, but maybe its because I too look like an extra from a gypsy wedding that I'm more at home here. In truth I hate shopping, especially clothes shopping, especially ESPECIALLY shoe shopping, so TK Maxx is basically a  quick efficient way to find discount gear. I can't afford any top brands, or particularly good quality clothing, unless I come to somewhere like TK Maxx, which at the end of the day is an outlet store for clothes out of season. I disagree that the clothes look like a throwback to the 90s, they look like a throwback to any period, including the 50s and last week, as it's all pretty much a random assortment. The upside is that you can get lucky. The last time I was in TK Maxx I bought  a suit jacket that I would normally never have been able to afford. Twas a bargain.Don't get me wrong, I have no affection for TK Maxx. I see it as a useful service to be used then tossed aside like... well you know the line.
4	I like TK Maxx.  Some things are bargains others so not but hey you gotta raid a little bit.  best time to go is first thing on a week day as it's so quiet.It's in Meadowbank retail park and bus a good bus route to it plus parking for cars. It's a big store so lots to choose from and the staff are friendly too.
4	Rarely do I manage to venture into TK Maxx and leave empty handed.  There really are some great bargains to be found, especially on kitchen/home ware.  I find it quite hard to shop for clothes unless I have something specific in mind as I find the clothing section can sometimes resemble a jumble sale and I lack the patience to rifle through the chaos.   Never had any problems with quality of items and on the odd chance I've had to return something the process was straightforward and fuss free.
3	I can't quite get on board with clothes shopping at TK Maxx, mostly because designer prices are still expensive even when they are reduced - that and the fact that clothes shopping at TK Maxx is a bit like rooting through a jumble sale!What I do like about it though is the homeware section. It's easily the best place to go when you need a new wok or pan, or fancy some new scented candles without wanting to break the bank.Plus as this one is in the Meadbank complex you've got a few other shops to look around too. Admittedly most of them are of the bargain variety, but hey, who doesn't love a bargain?
