4	This sport center is probably the nicest facility in Phoenix for indoor soccer/football and basketball/volleyball.  I attended a girls youth basketball tournament here this past weekend and four courts were in use the entire weekend.  This reminds me of the Premier facility in Gilbert except that it was designed for this use and not built within an existing industrial building.  There is little room for spectators (small bleachers between courts) but it's still better laid out than competing facilities and high school gyms when their seats are withdrawn for more court use. Unfortunately there are no stands to extend for championship games here.  Also, I did not like the way the players benches are on Court #1 - the players' backs are exposed to a lot of foot traffic right next to the snack bar.  I shoot a lot of basketball photos and the facility is well lit on the basketball side. This is compared to high school gyms.  Arena's like Wells Fargo Arena are far superior with regard to lighting. There is snack bar that was grilling up some stuff.  I smelled french fries all weekend long but resisted the urge to spend my money here. Many choices of restaurants were just a couple miles away.Note that the address for this facility does not show up correctly on Google, MapQuest, etc at this time (May 2011).  New roads were created for this facility and they have not been picked up yet.  The facility is located 1/2 mile South of 1-10 off Avondale Blvd.Overall this is nice facility, one of the nicest in Phoenix.  It's just not the most comfortable place to spend two full days.
5	I have not been here yet, but will soon. There will be a recreational soccer league this summer for my kid and from what I hear,it's a great facility.Would like to see if they are receptive to"Competitive Indoor Badminton", the second most popular, participated and watched sport worldwide behind Soccer(football). Yes indeed....and no I'm not kidding. Probably entertain the idea of some exhibition/demo matches to demonstrate how much interest is generated.Hope to see it catch on....would be a beautiful thing, and for sure add some variety and depth to local recreational and competitive choices (participation and spectator). Just need to make the right contact the very first time!
3	Going to come back to this place again and again...It's clean and new so it doesn't have the smelling foot odors of so many of the high school gyms we frequent.But beware if your playing in PHX is Rising Tourney again one of their teams: you are probably going to get a crappy schedule. Both days we had huge, huge gaps in our playing times while their teams had cherry picked start times. No worries: our boys won their division.I should also mention that the facilities are clean. The staff is generally friendly, but beware of security prowling around to check and make sure you paid at the door. Several times (2 different times, in 2 different tournies) they asked if I had paid guess they couldn't see the small hand stamp proving I paid.As far as concession food goes, they have a nice number of selections of entrees, but the prices are too high. Better feed your player well before they come, because you're going to feel at after being there for some time.I took one star because of high prices and another to the harassment from my two visits and two visits of two different friends (yeah, that's four times too many).
4	Came here for my Zumba class.  It has lots of parking, new and nice feel, bright lights, and lots of room.  The class was fun, tiring, and loud...
4	Nice facility. They have four indoor basketball courts here and two indoor soccer fields. We are here often for basketball tournaments...makes it nice to play multiple games at one location. Nice food area...items are reasonably priced.
