5	I I love what this company did to my tile floors and carpet yesterday.  I have used many professional carpet cleaners in the past with varying results. The before and after results are mind bogglingly beautiful! This is my second experience with them. The first time they were called Dry Process.  My light beige berber carpet dried in less than two hours and they got every spot on my 13 year old carpeting, making it look brand new. They cleaned, sealed my tile floors and re-colored my grout. I am thrilled with the result!  In addition the professionalism, courteousness and honesty of their clean cut, intelligent staff was so refreshing. I highly recommend this stellar company. They are worth every penny I spent!
1	I used Carbonated Solutions to clean my carpet a couple of weeks ago and quite frankly I am not sure exactly what it is they did. My carpets didn't look clean, I have a dog who has accidents in the house and I paid extra for them to get rid of the smell, which they didn't and I don't see how it is possible their process works.Let me elaborate on their process. They spray the carpet with their solution, following that they use what looks like a floor buffer to move it around over the carpet, and magically the carpet is supposed to be clean. They say as it dries the solution takes the dirt from the carpet and it evaporates.I have a household shapooer that I use for small jobs, but I wanted to have my house professionally cleaned. I ended up going over what they did the next day with my shapooer and the water was filthy. I hate to bad mouth any company especially in this economy but I wouldn't recommend this type of treatment for anyone who wants their carpets cleaner than they already were, or to get rid of pet odors. It's sad that I paid $250 and now I have to hire another company to come out and truly clean my carpets.
5	My floors look GREAT!!  We just moved to Vegas and needed floors cleaned in the home we purchased. The travertine in the bathroom needed to be "refinished" as there were spots on them. They look beautiful now. They also cleaned the tile on the main level of the house. I will have them back later to spruce up the counter tops in the bathroom. They were professional and courteous. thank you!
5	we've had them clean our carpets twice now, first was when my daughter started crawling. what sold me was their quick drying and non toxic cleaning solutions. they do a great job and they're always on time. they also come out with specials that they email you or is on their website.
4	I decided to try this service because I read so many good things about it. First off, they vacuum the house before they clean the carpets. I have no encountered  a company that does this. A nice touch. Their carpet cleaning method is different from any that I have ever seen. In a good way. I was a bit skeptical at first but I have to say. They did an amazing job!The last time we had the carpets professionally cleaned, they told me the stain I showed them would not come out. Guess what? Carbonated Solutions got it out. The carpets were dry in about an hour and a half. The two guys that came out were very cordial and nice.My only complaint is the cost, its a little bit expensive but worth it.
5	Carbonated Solutions of Las Vegas cleaned my moderately soiled area rug in their plant and it looks like brand new!  These guys did an amazing job.  They were on time for pick up and delivery.  I would definitely use them again.
5	We had them clean our grout & tile. They did a fantastic job! They're affordable, on time and very nice. We'd highly recommend their services and use them again.
5	I couldn't be happier with the job these guys did on my tile! Not only was it quality work, but it was also quality customer service. After getting bad customer service it truly makes you appreciate the good ones. They were so friendly and quick. Thanks for making my tile and grout look beautiful and thank you for just being nice people.
