3	They have a good selection for party accessories and needs but right now I was browsing costumes. They didn't even have half of it up- it's empty walls. Maybe if I need some accessories that I can't find elsewhere I'll roll by, but costumes are fairly run of the mill here. I'll probably come back for decorations instead.A-OK.
4	This place has the best selection of Halloween costumes locally. My only advice is to shop early. If you wait until the day before or the day of Halloween, you will want to pull your hair out. Their selection is NOT the cheapest, but there is plenty (if you are early).Throughout the year, they also have a lot of other decorations. I bought my New Year's Eve hats here and during summer, their luau decorations are spectacular!There are a few other party places around town and I'm sure you can shop around when it comes to generic party supplies. Their mylar balloons are too expensive IMO, but I still really like this place.(10/16/10) I called beforehand for a bachelorette sash on a Saturday afternoon. I was on hold for 10 minutes before they told me they didn't have ONE sash in the entire store. If you are looking for something really specific, call first.
4	The place to be if you need to buy your costume early; that is, if you are between here, Party City, and the Halloween City across the path, then you're probably going to find the costume you need at this time of year.Even mid-September, they are faithfully stocked with everything you can require for
1	The only reason they are getting one star is because they do have party supply needs. However due to their lack of customer service and completely disrespectful attitude they deserve no stars in my opinion. The sales associates are total smart alecs rolling their eyes and avoiding talking to customers. I also heard them talking crap about customers via their radios. Management isn't any better . They are completely disorganized and immediately get defensive when asking questions. Getting defensive over balloons and confetti is beyond me. For a place that sells party items they are a bunch of PARTY POOPERS. Party city is one of the only chain stores in Vegas for party supply but I highly suggest trying other locations and avoiding this one at all costs.
3	This location is really kinda gross, it's a smaller store and its in a bit older/trashier part of town. I worried more about my car being vandalized then shopping so I made it a quick trip.It'd be nice if the empty buildings would get merchandisers in them.
3	Earlier today, I drove to my nearest Party City (20 mins away) to purchase the following items. I had success finding all of the items on my list (cups, cocktail straws, chocolates and M&Ms). Upon checkout, I waited in line a fairly long while. When it was finally my turn, I was politely summoned by the cashier... Only to be interrupted after handing her my items by another customer. She claimed I had cut... No, I hadn't... She wasn't in line; but she had a baby so I politely smiled and told her to go ahead. A few minutes later, I finally got to cash out. Apparently, one of my items was left out of the bag. MY CUPS! So, I have no idea if the lady who insisted I cut in-front of her in line was gave my $10.00 cups or if the cashier simply forgot to bag them. I guess I will have to head back tomorrow and purchase new ones because I didn't notice until I had gotten home.
4	Halloween stuff is out, and other party stuff as always! Good stock, nice people, know where all their stuff is. They have party things all year long, seasonal comes and goes.
1	I'm only giving this place a star because I have to. Sabrina is the worst sales associate I've met in my life. She is beyond rude! She couldn't even make eye contact and had the worst attitude ever! I will never be back to this location again.
3	Great customer service they just didn't have what I needed
1	Was looking for halloween costume, all are on the wall and they have to look if they have them, not enough stuff
4	Great customer service, pretty big halloween costume selection but their pikachu costume is ugly, and so are the hello kitty costumes, guess its time to search online! :)
4	Although all Party City's transform into halloween stores each season this one seemed to have everything. Even more then Party USAor Black Cat. I went the day before halloween so everything was everywhere but they had all the final components I had been on the hunt for.There did seem to be a lack of staff but check out went quickly
1	The staff here seemed annoyed with anyone that had a question. The line was short and they had a ton of registers yet I waited in like for almost a half hour! Bad customer service.
1	Came here from the party city on 215/rainbow to get some things they were out there . They checked and said they had 17 here so i drove to get it once here there was 4 on shelf i asked a lady where i could get the rest and she was rude and said thats all we have. I got heated and said well im coming from 215/rainbow location and they said yall have 17 so another young lady looked on top and yes there they were!!!! She was the only nice one everyone else that works here is very rude and seem annoyed at everything!!!! And any quesion u may had. Wouldn't recommend u coming here
3	I have to utilize Party City monthly for business and while there to fill 15 balloons, it was extremely odd and rude that they continued to take people before me and even fill other people's balloons ?? Then they told me that if my balloons popped while filling them  it was my loss because I didn't buy them there, then they proceeded to pop them.Horrible service. I had Taylor
2	I came here strictly for some glow in the dark accessories for a 5K I signed up for.  I had only been here one other time for Halloween.  First impression, they definitely have everything you need to get your party started no matter what it made be.  They get 2 stars for me because their customer service just kind of sucks!  I found my items quickly and got in what I thought was a short line but with one register open and two other employees just chilling behind the counter I soon became frustrated.  I could tell that the customer occupying the one register were going to take some time with their transaction and I asked the guy if he could open another register and ring me up.  He had no problem doing this and was friendly.  My problem is did I really need to ask you to do that when you have at least three people in line and were all looking at you like WTF!
1	The staff is so unprofessional from the cashiers to the manager. Take your job seriously for once and stop talking like your in a break room! I went to go buy balloons and got the worst customer service ever. And all the manager did was kiss up to every customer that was annoyed. All they do was lay back and relax.
1	I called earlier today because I was looking for a specific costume for my dog but it was only available online, unfortunately. So I asked the lady whom I spoke with over the phone if they had something in store similar and she had told me that they do have a section of costumes for dogs. So I decided to head over there after work to browse for myself. Turns out, it was only an end cap with not even 5 different ones to choose from. So misleading and inconvenient. I drove 20 minutes and what a waste. Won't ever go there again. Terrible customer service. Be more specific and helpful to your customers!! Not even one star is deserved.
