5	I lived here for a year and it's an amazing apartment to live in
2	Most of the time this is a relatively quiet apartment complex, but there are a few times a year that they have massive pool parties. The noise is so loud that it can be heard from all ends of the complex and ruins everyone's day that wanted nothing to do with the party.If you are looking for a safe, quiet place for your family, do not live here.
3	I agree with Steve O. and Craig V., I have lived here now for over a year and am now paying month to month until my house is built. I really enjoyed the apartments until maybe 4 months ago when the grounds seemed to go down hill. The surrounding areas (shopping/dining/bars) couldn't be better. The people moving in are shady, loud and dirty/litter. With the price paid for these apartments I am not sure how it has gone so down hill. Just really disappointing because if I looked at these today while looking for an apartment, I can't say I would have moved in. Office and maintenance staff are great and nice pools and fitness room. If this is your first aparment and you want to party, you are golden!
1	I lived in these apartments from June 2011 until about 2 weeks ago and let me say this:This is, hands down, the WORST experience I have EVER had with a rental community. I kept the apartment in very good condition and followed all rules and regulations. I payed my rent on time as per my rental agreement and was an upstanding member of the Shade community. Shade apartments, however, failed to do the same. Where do I begin??- Every single day, no matter what time of day, I had to walk my puppy around the piles of feces left all over the property. The ground are absolutely disgusting!- There was NO noise ordinance despite their "rules" about quiet time after 10pm - There were drunk people and homeless people sleeping at the pool- My apartment was infested with cockroaches and bugs and I am a CLEAN person!- Now, upon move out, I am being told that I owe close to $800 for replacement of carpet because of "excessive pet damage". The carpet was of the lowest grade possible; a step up from a thin stack of papers and every time I walked on the carpet I risked getting a staple in my foot. The black top from the outside traveled onto the carpet with me which is normal wear and tear, NOT excessive pet damage. My puppy is all of 9 lbs and NEVER had one accident in the apartment. When I spoke to someone in corporate, she made it clear that she could have cared less. Her response to my concerns were "oh well, I'm sorry you feel that way".I would not recommend this place to ANYONE!
5	This has been a great place to live we just renewed our lease! Never had any issues with maintenance or noise. Always quick to fix any problems and they replace our air filter every month. All in all a good experience and great location.
1	If I could give this place zero stars I would!!!I moved into shade apartments in February and I just finally got out of my lease. The office staff are useless and the maintenance guys are even more useless!!!!The complex has good facilities but they need to maintain them better. I've lived in apartment complexes all over the world and this place is the worst. Katie in the office is the only one who has any clue about customer service. Asked to deal with her only one that can do their job!!!The manager lady is about as useless as legs on a snake and couldn't organise a drink in a pub with a handful of $50 bills!!!!I'm so happy to be out of there it's very close to being a ghetto!!Rant over!!!! DON'T LIVE HERE!!!!!!!!!
