5	This was the best feast i have ever had for $4.99 Rand H. and I got there at 10:40am and they were still serving breakfast so we went in anyway. Well the breakfast was great 4 different sausages ,scrambled eggs ,bacon,shit on a shingle,omelets made to order, ham;pancakes,waffles,3 different types of hashbrowns,3 kinds of juice,corned beef hash and the list goes on. At 11:00am they brought out all the lunch stuff which was all the typical golden corral fare. The grill was cooking ribs and they were really good.We both agreed the lunch was 5 stars and well worth the drive to Casa Grande so if your real hungry and don`t mined a drive to Casa Grande then you will love this place.
2	This place is good for families, and it's a good value for the money. I'm just not fond of Golden Corral anywhere though. It's okay if you go early before the food bar becomes a disaster area.
4	Only been to this location, but been about 10 times.  The food is good everytime I go, which is always during dinner time and on the weekend.  There's usually no less than 6 of us going at one time, and not once has anyone ever complained that the food was nasty.You got your common American dinner stuff here: fried chicken, mashed potatoes, roast, fish, steaks, blah blah blah.  Its a safe place to go when you got people who are hungry but don't like a lot of fancy foods.  But you've still got a really decent amount of choices here, so you won't get bored after your first go-round.We usually pay like $12 or so on the weekends, which includes your drink.  I think its worth it, as everything tastes good and plus there's that made-to-order steak grill.  The place is big, but there's usually a nice sized crowd here that can make bumping into people occasionally a reality.  No big deal, just watch that soup!  Yeah sure, there's a lot of kids wandering around sometimes...just don't step on them and you'll be fine.  Some people don't like this kind of atmosphere, but this is a family restaurant.  I haven't had issues with cleanliness here yet after about 10 visits.  I haven't seen flies around the deserts...nor have I been grossed out by the bathrooms.  Freshness issues with food have been pretty much nonexistent aside from your usual piece of fried chicken or whatever that was left in the tray from 2 refills ago.  You just gotta know how to spot old food...and that's at any buffet.  But not once have I gone and the food hasn't been replenished quickly.  No wait for my fried shrimps!!!I usually suggest this place when I know we are all kinda broke but very hungry.  So that's why I'm a fan.  No 5 stars just because its such typical cuisine, I guess.  Oh, and I've also had their breakfast bar once...they had a lot of your good but common morning stuff...all very fresh and delicious.  I don't usually like breakfast bars for some reason, but I pigged out on this one.  I recommend it!  Its on Sunday morns.
5	Great food , fast waiters. And I love the chocolate covered coconut things. So delicious.
1	We went to this Golden Corral in Casa Grande, AZ 3-4 times after it first opened.  It was awesome!  BUT we went last week and it has REALLY gone down hill!  The food was not warm or fresh.  We went back again for breakfast but didn't get there til 10:30 am.  We asked it they were still serving breakfast and were told yes, but when we went through the line they were already taking breakfast stuff  away and there was'nt much left, so we went back to get our money  back and the girl at the check-out would not refund our money and actually turned her back on us!  We will never go back!  Who ever is managing this location is giving Golden Corral a bad name!
4	Came right as breakfast is being turned over into lunch time, so got a little of both meals! Tons of choices, you can look up their menu online. There's bound to be sometime here that you will like! Some of my favorites: - make your own omelet: you can choose your omelet filling and have it made by someone right before your eyes! - CHOCOLATE fondue: the strawberries are HUGE! You can dip marshmallows, cookies, rice krispies, brownies, etc etc. - Cheesy Garlic breadsticks: maybe I was just craving them but they really hit the spot!- Cinnamon buns: LOVE these! I was really craving these too!- Ribs: OMG! The meat was falling off the bone and melting in my mouth like butter! SO GOOD!- Roast beef: a little salty but VERY TENDER!- Teriyaki chicken: ALWAYS a fan of this, but again, very salty!My only criticism is that they should have had watermelon as one of the fruit options, but nothing's perfect.
3	If you crave buffet food then go here, lot of options for adults and kids. The chocolate water fountain and the cotton candy are two of my daughters favorite options. If you go with water as your drink you will pay around $10 like it says on TV but the drink adds $2.50 to the bill so its your choice.
4	Just had lunch with the family for my first visit to Golden Corall. I was excited to hear about the chocolate fountain so couldnt wait to stop in. The price was great $12 for Sunday dinner with a drink...less on regular days $5 for kids. The buffet had a ton of variety..some items better than others but to be expected..and they had made to order steak. Not the best cuts but with regard to the price..pretty good. The fried chicken was great and so was the desert bar. I would have liked a cleaner buffet but not sure they could keep up with the Sunday rush. Overall had a great lunch and the kids even left with cotton candy.
3	Dani was the nicest waitress we've ever had there. I felt so bad though because I totally had no cash on me. But I will be back to give her extra. The steak was good that night, had medium rare, cooked perfect . They had no fried chicken legs out, the guy said he'd get some made for me. I also had fried shrimp. All was good that night.
2	went there for saturday morning bufett. food cold , dirty place , restrooms old and moldy. wont go back !!
2	If you have a big family with a lot of kids then you may like coming here. My past experience with Golden Corral was not too great. Food was bland and lukewarm, the steak was as tough as leather, and the atmosphere was chaotic. People are running into each other. I also think it is really bright inside. Decor needs to be update too
4	My first time at this location and I've only ever been to one before, in Palm Beach Fl, I didn't enjoy the experience. It was too crowded and chaotic, I don't enjoy eating in such a crowded place. This location I found to be not crowded, maybe it's the day and time I went maybe not. The service i got here was great. I was greeted as I walked through the door, ask if I needed assistance, the waitress was warm and made me feel welcome. I got my meal to go, what I chose tasted real good and I was satisfied, It's pretty affordable too and a lot to choose from with good presentation. Its a great place to go with a group. They're Hospitable, Clean, and the Food taste good! I'll definitely return.
5	I really like this place the food is great wide selection of food.Be ready to get full because you will walk our full as can be.....Great for kids the dessert goooooood!!!!!
5	I rarely eat at these place but tonight was a really great experience. The sever Robert took really good care of us, made us feel like a friend of his. The food was very good. Paid extra for lobster that was a Lil let down when I saw size but it was good. All the cooks on the line were friendly. Once again Robert made the real difference in this experience. Like I said I rarely eat at this place but I just may come back for another great dinning experience. Robert was a older man a little heavy set with a great attitude incase  anyone wants to have great experience like me ask to sit in his section.
4	This place is always good, but the place has a stagnant smell. Some days is very strong and some days it's not strong at all. But it seems like it is coming from the carpet.
4	Much improved from my last visit eight months ago. Actually impressed. Delicious food and friendly smiles from servers. Good job managers.
4	Much improved from my last visit eight months ago. Actually impressed. Delicious food and friendly smiles from servers. Good job managers.
4	I love this place!!! every time i go here with my family our waiters/waitress also greet us with a smile and always make sure we have everything we need.  The food here is very good.  Golden Corral has a lot of choices for food that you can try different foods everytime you go there.
