4	Great location for people watching in Fashin Show mall--it's located between the two escalators to the lower half of the mall. Coffee is good, and they have pastries, sandwiches and other confections. Staff is friendly; we were greeted three times by three different employees when we walked in.Not a great place to sit and work. There's no WIFI, and AT&T signal was spotty at best. There are a few tables with power outlets.
4	This is a branch of the famed Red Velvet Cafe on Sahara.This spot is the perfect spot to grab a latte and a delicious sweet treat to enjoy between shopping expeditions. Their dessert selections are massive with lots of different cakes and their signature red velvet cake. Most of their desserts are vegan-friendly. And we all know that their cakes are soooo delicious. The cafe also serves up some real food...there are salads and sandwiches (a small selection from their full menu) that is available. You can get them freshly made or you can get them boxed up in their counter if you need food in a rush. I think this is a great option to have in the strip. It's a quick, healthy treat for anyone's lifestyle and the location is stellar!
3	Convenient, good, and friendly.The food court on one side of the mall and Red Velvet on the other. Talk about convenience. If you're by the Macy's area and want something quick to eat, well, here it is. It's right in between the escalators by the Brookstone's and the ABC store.They only had 10 minutes 'til closing so we opted to get the tiramisu to go. We were advised by a friendly guy behind the counter  to heat up the tiramisu for 30 seconds before eating it because it wasn't a typical tiramisu and " heating it up will make it moister." The bf absolutely disliked it, but then again it was his first time eating something vegan. I on the other hand, thought it was decent. Its vegan, so no egg, that means the texture was rough but moist. Total cost: 6 bucks.
5	I loved the location because of it's convenience in the Fashion show mall.  I stayed at the Trump and sometimes didn't feel like walking to the Wynn for my vegan meals.I had the Apple vegan cake and their banana cake.  both were delish.  a bit too sweet for my taste, but I am asian (korean desserts are less sweet than american counterparts).  One day, I got the Buffalo Chickn wrap...amazing stuff!  yummy!  Spinach Chickn not as good though.Lots of vegan options available.  My only disappointment is that it didn't seem very busy anytime I went there.  Hopefully it will be there when I return to LV!
3	Friend and I stopped here for lunch at the Fashion Show and were pleasantly surprised by the vegan and vegetarian options.  She ordered the chicken provolone sandwich (vegan style) and I chose the chicken spinach wrap (regular, no changes).  I was a little disappointed with my wrap, as it was on the bland side....I hoped for a bit more flavour, especially since it came with a pesto mayo, but nope.  However, the amount of spinach that came with the wrap (and in the actual tortilla) should do me for the next year or so!  We were too full to try a cookie or cake, but will shoot for that next time.  Service was very friendly.I liked the location of this Red Velvet as it was tucked under the elevator.    Kind of made it seem like it was in a different world than the rest of the bustling mall.  :)
4	I've been a fan of the original Red Velvet Cafe since it opened.  I knew they had opened this location but really just stumbled upon it at the mall.  It was a nice surprise since I wasn't looking for it.  It's a great place to catch a break from shopping and feel like you are tucked away underneath the escalators.  It seems to be primary their dessert selection in the case with some sandwiches and salads and a scaled down order menu from their original location.  Of course my two favorite items are priced a little higher then the original location but that didn't stop me from getting my cookie fix.
5	I absolutely love this spot. I went to the first location a while back and when i heard they opened one up inside fashionshow I went belistic!@# My favorite now is the Banana Split Cake! of course its VEGAN and it surpassed my love for the Velvet Cake. Both very sweet so I would recommend sharing or having a nice tall glass of water and or tea to go with it. I have also tried their cookies and cream cake but it wasn't as moist and yummy as the banana split. The only food i've tried there other than dessert is the guacamole. The amount of guacamole served was so large my boyfriend and I were very full before we even touched the cakes! I love avocados and so I was pleased to have some that were FRESH and with healthy types of chips, not the white flour type. The service is always great and I liked how they fitted a small cafe in between escalators but were able to look cosy and not smashed up. I can not wait to go back to try some other cakes i saw but were not able to fit into  my stomach!
4	This was one of the best places we ate in Vegas.  The prices were actually reasonable (I pause for a moment for the shock to settle in...yes, reasonable food prices in Vegas) and it wasn't crowded for dinner.  The place is a little confused about whether it's a sit down restaurant or an order at the counter joint but the manger tried very hard to please and came over a few times to make sure everything was alright.  My sandwich was delicious and so was my wife's.  The chocolate cake for dessert was warmed up for us and absolutely delicious and dairy free!  I would definitely go back here on a return trip and recommend the restaurant to veganites and non-vegans alike.
5	Vegan and non-vegan choices. I had the vegan buffalo chicken wrap, which was really good. The vanilla chocolate chip cake was amazing!  You would not believe it was vegan. Sooo delicious!
5	Great service, amazing food and reasonable prices. Can't get better than that! A vegetarian/vegan paradise. Trust me, you won't believe the cakes are vegan and low-cal. They are so moist and delicious, not to mention sinfully sweet. We had the chocolate chip cake and I can't wait to try more varieties.
5	I love you!!!! My favorite vegan restaurant, great food, and amazing staff. Thank you =D
4	Yay, another good Vegan restaurant in Vegas. Good food, cool atmosphere.
4	Red Velvet Cafe. J'adore.I've never had a bad meal at this place. It's good for anyone with any dietary restrictions. They offer VEGAN, VEGETARIAN, GLUTEN FREE, HEALTHY, and CARNIVORE options.They offer a variety of salads, wraps, smoothies, fish, chicken, boca, and sandwiches. Most of which are served with chips or a salad (full of yummy field greens - no iceberg here). There are several smoothies (which are HUGE and are meals within themselves). My go-to lunch is the tuna panini with the side salad. You have to save room for dessert here. They have a VEGAS red velvet cake that's150 calories. Yes, you read that correctly. RED. VELVET. CAKE. VEGAN. 150. CALORIES. It's delicious. It's not on par with my favorite red velvet indulgence (please see: Retro Bakery), but it doesn't make me feel guilty and it does the trick!There are lots of vegan and vegetarian baked goods. There is a whole counter and they make their calories known. They have amazing vegan chocolate chip cookies. Red Velvet Cafe is a nice place to have a pretty guilt-free meal.
4	My cousin and I happened to be walking around the mall (my idea), and happened upon Red Velvet Cafe. We didn't realize it was a chain of cafes, and we were at the one on Sahara the night before (also a location we happened upon). We didn't have the chance to try their savory foods, so this was our opportunity to try it out. Their whole menu (and lunch specials) are vegan and vegetarian friendly! They pretty much cater to all appetites and diets, which is really nice, since I was dining with my omnivore cousin, who wasn't in the mood for a greasy burger.We both got grilled chicken sandwiches, though I got the vegan version. They were both served with roasted potatoes (yum!). It wasn't the best vegan chicken sandwich I've had, but it was really good for the price and convenience. They also have Dry Sodas, which was a nice touch. I wish I lived nearby so I could sample some more, but I guess it's just another reason to visit Vegas again...
4	There aren't many vegetarian choices in the mall so I was excited to try this place. I got a spicy chicken wrap. It was fresh and tasted really good. The meatless chicken was not the best I've ever had, but that was probably just a personal preference. They have options for just about any type of eater here. The waitress was very friendly and helped me with my questions. Next time I will try the desserts.
5	Love this place! I'm addicted to their red velvet cake!
3	Ok entrees... wraps and salads.  Relatively cheap compared to most restaurants on the strip.The chocolate cake is pretty good.  The ladies all swoon over it.
4	We were in Vegas for 2 days, staying across the street at the Wynn.  We ate here twice.  I can't wait to go back to Vegas, purely so I can have their Red Velvet Cake again (It's vegan and 150 calories.  WHAAATT??).  It's sweet, but not overly sweet.  One thing I love about vegan desserts, is that without the buttery taste that coats your mouth, you can actually taste the nuances of each ingredient, and that was so totally the case here.  And the cream cheese frosting- Holy Lord!  I'll be honest: It had me doing the math for how many I could actually eat in one day and stay within my target caloric intake (12 on a workout day, 10 on a non-workout day).They also have maybe the best chocolate chip cookies I've ever had, vegan or not.  The spiced hummus w/pita was pretty damn amazing.  Great soy milk lattes.  They serve vegan wine (in the mall!!!), but we didn't have any.  We got the vegan Buffalo Chicken Wrap to go, so we could eat at while waiting for our plane at the airport.  As we were leaving the server ran up and said "Did you want a vegan wrap?," to which we replied "Uh, yes."  He then said "I'm sorry, I don't think I told the chef that.  Let me go have them fix it."  It made me slightly nervous that he forgot that, but I am so thankful he caught it.The reason this place gets 4 stars is because we ordered another box of chocolate chip cookies to go with our wrap, and while were waiting, I watched, from our seats at the bar, the following go down: About 5 minutes after we placed our order, a lady comes to the counter and orders a box of chocolate chip cookies and some other stuff.  The lady helping her picks up the box of chocolate chip cookies from the case and says "You're in luck- you got the very last box."  While she was taking the rest of her order, our server and the manager go up to her and start whispering to her.  The lady working behind the counter says "Well, if someone already ordered it, why wasn't there a 'reserved' sticker on it?"  Our server then comes back to us and tells us "I'm sorry, we're actually out of chocolate chip cookies."  I don't think he knew that I saw them sell the box that was supposed to be ours to someone else, but I didn't feel like being a petty asshole about it (I just wanted to rant about it later on Yelp, obviously), so we just got some oatmeal raisin cookies to go.We didn't eat the Buffalo Wrap at the airport because we were too full from stuffing our face with all of said oatmeal raisin cookies.  I ate half of the wrap the next day, and half the day after that, and even as leftovers- the wrap was pretty wonderful.PS- the first day we ate there, the owner was there, and said he is looking to open a location in West Hollywood.  Possibly on Sunset.  I think I'm going to see if there's a mailing list I can get on, so I know exactly when this blessed day arrives...
2	This review is for this location in particular, as a loyal RVC customer for a couple of years, I have never had a bad meal or dessert from the Sahara location. I have had several of their wraps, sandwiches and desserts but my favorite has always been the taco salad and the chocolate chip cookies. I went to this location about 3 weeks ago and ordered my usual, I don't get rice with my taco salad, my salad tasted great, no worries. So I went today with a friend, I recommend she get the taco salad, she ordered with no rice, the server told us that we can't have beans then because it's mixed with the rice, I questioned her and she responded "yeah it's like that at this location" ok so she ordered it anyways. It came out very dry, you could tell that it was pre made probably at the other location and delivered here. I had the orzo shrimp salad, which was decent buy nothing special. I can tell that the desserts that they sell at Whole Foods and at this location definitely aren't fresh, not cool when you're paying $6 each. We walked out paying $55 for lunch and left disappointed.
5	I love the cakes! ...and also find the vegetarian friendly "meat" options on all entrees quite yummy. It's not gourmet, but for vegan lo-cal desserts, they are freaking delicious and guilt-free. They pull off what they are (vegan friendly, healthy, affordable food and desserts) perfectly!
5	So far, I live this place. I've had the taco salad, red velvet cupcake, chocolate chip cookies, and strawberry cream cake. It's hard to believe that all of it is vegan because they taste so great and the textures are right.      The taco salad is excellent. The crispy tortilla bowl is actually baked. Then it's loaded with beans, rice, flavorful taco "meat", shredded lettuce, and avocado. It's giant and it's under 500 calories (said the server).    The red velvet cupcake was served warm. It's a bit dense, tastes rich and satisfying, but is not really oily. I mean, it seems like less fat was used in this than other cakes I've had elsewhere.  That would make sense because the huge cupcake with the frosting is 150 calories (claims the server).    The chocolate chip cookies are great. There's something about the texture. Slightly crispy outside, chewy everywhere else.     Skip the strawberry cream cake. I can't say much for it. The flavor is fine, but it's texture is a bit too heavy. It was denser than the red velvet. But also under 200 cals.     So, what I don't understand is why there's nothing posted anywhere about the calorie count! If it truly is that unbelievably low, wouldn't you advertise it as such? Makes me think it's all BS! But, the food is still really good for the price. Vegan food is usually so much more costly, but this place is a really delicious bargain...and easy on the hips (they claim!!!)
2	I was very happy to find vegan food on the strip, but the meal I had here was entirely flavorless. I threw away most of the tofu and veggie entre. The lemon cake was a bit too dense, but pretty good, just not as good as some vegan bakeries I've been too. Good enough, but not delicious.
5	The service in the Fashion Show Mall location is so great.  They are always happy to see you.  They check on you throughout your meal and ensure everything is just right.  The price and portions are great.
4	Great variety of vegan and vegetarian options! The vegan chicken quesadilla is the best. The employees are very friendly also
4	I love FOOD and always wanted too try something vegan just never done it yet. Old roommate was in town visiting wanted too get Red Velvet Cake for his wife take back. She loves one from Red Velvet Cafe. Main location on Sahara closed Sundays but thankfully this store was open. I never knew had one in fashion show mall till yelped it. Thank you yelp!!!We both ordered the Red Velvet Cake too go. It lot smaller then the main one on Sahara. I never really seen a kitchen so thinking most of it made at the main store. Everything they selling was in deli style display, all boxed in clear plastic containers (so could clearly see the product; everything looked fresh and could tell they pay attention too details aka decoration), clearly labeled name and price, and they do have tables that sit down have lunch or dinner. I ordered too go. Everything looked good all the cakes, muffins, salads, and sandwiches. They have espresso machine if wanted more then coffee. The Red Velvet Cake was AWESOME! I had my reservations comes too vegan food but mostly that comes from the unknown. I am always health conscious but vegan don't know that many places except for this one and not something that crave. But WOW after my experience just might have too try more vegan! =) I surprise that the cake was moist, great depth of flavor, frosting perfect compliment, and strawberry too top nice fresh sweet no bruises on it. Really if you never told me it was vegan I would have no idea. Sure next stop by make point try more of the menu. Red Velvet Cake is winner!!!!!!!!!!!The service was wonderful. The only thing negative is the location tucked in far back next too set of escalators. So depending on direction walking around the mall might miss it. We found it looking at the map so not miss it. Thankfully never did.
5	Such a relief after all the unhealthy, overpriced restaurants on the Strip! This little, ultra-modern cafe offers vegan and non-vegan masterpieces that are healthy and delicious ... and also decadent, if you like. The pizzas are amazing, as are the wraps and the cakes. Really you can't go wrong. Try the cucumber soda. It's a revelation. And the prices are so reasonable, especially for The Strip!
3	Came here for a late lunch on our second day in Vegas. Overall, their food was alright. I think I ordered one of their best dishes - spicy chicken with green beans on brown rice. Paired that with a cappuccino (not the best coffee). I started to get a feeling that this place is somewhat on the healthier end of the scale and it was confirmed after we tasted their cakes - red velvet and chocolate chip cookies cake. They were vegan. I was a little disappointed. The texture of the cakes were not what I was used to (aka butter butter butter) but I've never had vegan food before, so I'm not really one to judge on how good or bad it is - hence the 3stars.
2	Sadly I wanted to be impressed but I was not.  Being a vegan I actively search out restaurants that have a menu that is vegan friendly.  So today I had some time on my hand and headed to the heavily reviewed Red Velvet Cafe.  Disappointment was what I found.  The menu was a mixture of vegan, vegetarian, and non-veg, which is nice to see a restaurant trying to serve everyone but it is also its downfall.  Instead of innovating vegan or vegetarian dishes they seem to veganize they menu by removing the meat and replacing it with a vegan substitute.  Boring.... I ordered the flatbread with pesto and hummus, vegan style.  They replaced a parmesan cheese with a vegan cheese.  Yuck... It had no flavor.  Pesto should be distinguishable on whatever it is on and it was bland and looked like it was out of a jar.  It tasted like it too. The hummus was also bland and seemed heavily processed and not homemade.  The placed it on the pesto flat bread with a disher/ice cream scoop.  Seriously not an attractive presentation.  the only saving grace of the meal was the beverage.  I ordered the sangria sparkling tea.  Tasty and served with fruit floating it in.  Delish.  $5.50 a glass and no refills is a bit steep though.   Too bad...oh well I have my favorite vegan restaurant in Las Vegas and I am sticking with it.
1	I have had the worst experience at your restaurant that I have ever had.... and I've been to some dives.I came in sat down was told the table was reserved and to please move.  We moved and waited to be seated.... then we were taken back to the first table we sat down at within 5 minutes of being asked to move. I asked for a refill I got a refill on my iced tea no ice. I ordered but was given no silverware for my salad. My spicy chicken panni was ordered w/ no tomatoes, I got tomatoes.... and a messy jumble that looked like Tyson chicken nuggets wrapped in a tortialla.  No cheese on one side... nothing but cheese and lettuce on the other.  Your staff took my plate from the waiter and gave expressions indicating they didn't believe me and how dare I criticize them.  I was charged for my meal in full after telling the waiter to send it back, and no I did not want another.When I got another I took it only to come home and find out it was made even more poorly than the first.Poor service.  Poor food. and Poor Management.
5	Had the vegan cookies with frosting in the middle.  incredible!!!! must try them!! Can't wait to go back and try some food.  Please open a Red Velvet in Denver!
4	Vegan and vegetarian options! Yay! Almost everything on the menu can be made v/v and the fake chicken is really good (the waitress said the fake turkey isn't as good FYI). I didn't love my buffalo chicken wrap (too much unmelted cheese, ask for it without cheese) but it was perfectly fine and the two people I was with liked their food. Our waitress was very nice and kept the water coming. I will be back to try the Caprese salad with fake chicken that I spotted on my way out the door :)
5	I absolutely can't say enough good things about Red Velvet. My friend's and I go to Fashion Show Mall and the Sahara location just for the amazing chocolate chip cookies. It's hard to believe this delicious creation is actually vegan and not even that bad for you, with only 27 calories and half a gram of fat per cookie, you can eat all 6 that come in a $5.50 box and only have to add 160 calories to your total for the day. The cakes are all amazing and if you ever see the brownies, buy 2 because they are wonderful when you let them heat them up. The shrimp orzo salad is delectable and all of the meals are under 450 calories.
5	Absolutely delicious! Cute and quaint location for a cafe pretty much in the heart of Fashion Show Mall. The service received was extremely friendly and notable. The food was even more delectable than it looks and it's FRESH everyday. They cater to vegans, vegetarians, and the meat eaters so there is literally something for everyone. The juices are also made daily and made with FRESH fruits! I will never forget this cafe and will try to always visit it when in Vegas.
4	Well I'll be.....very pleasantly surprised. I love red velvet cake so the name of this place instantly caught my eye. It took about 5 mins to decide but I went with the vegan chocolate chip cookies...just seemed to obvious to get the red velvet cake and with the vegas heat I didn't want it to melt. Nice texture, not over cooked...as a prefer soft and chewy anyway. I was worried that they wouldn't be sweet, but I was pleasantly surprised. They literally made me say "WOW" outloud...not because they were that great (although very good) but bc they were vegan AND good. I had to look around to make sure no one heard me talking outloud to myself.I have to admit that I liked them so much that I went back two days later just because I wanted a fresher batch and they informed me that they ship their goods. Big smile!
5	This place is amazing!!!!!  I have been a fan of theirs since I moved here.  It's a small family owned business and the owners work very hard to make their delightful desserts and they certainly are the best baked goods that I have had here.  If you live closer to the sahara location, the food will be fresh.  Their food is fantastic too.  Their staff has been with them for a long time...and that says a lot!  Hurry and get your red velvet cupcake :)
4	Quality food with a healthy spin, great service and my favorite, a bar. A bar at a vegan-friendly restaurant in the mall. I know, I was excited too.I'm not a vegan, but I'm making attempts to embrace vegan cuisine because I'm trying to be more open minded about it. Not all of it tastes or looks like cardboard and Red Velvet does a good job of breaking the vegan food stereotype. They do serve chicken, bacon, shrimp and other regular sources of protein here, so it's a place that can work for everyone.They have great variety of sandwiches wraps, salads and desserts as well as a wide selection of gourmet teas including varieties on white, green and black teas. They also have your basic coffee drinks, smoothies, and hot chocolate. I usually don't make it a point to call out an establishment's hot chocolate selection, but they  have a Mexican hot chocolate that is....sinful. Rich, chocolatey and smooth-a nice way to warm up in winter and if you spend enough time in the mall, a nice treat to break up a day of shopping.I prefer their wraps to the sandwiches because while the bread here is good, I find it to be a little too thick for the sandwiches, and they all come pre-made so there's not really a way to get thinner bread slices. I had the buffalo chicken wrap last time I was there and half of it  (with the side salad) was filling enough for lunch. I liked that the buffalo sauce came on the side so you could control how much was on there and the wrap wasn't soggy. The service is genuinely friendly here. The staff can be chatty, not in a bad way, and they are happy to make suggestions if asked! You can sit at the bar where they have a selection of wine, beer and specialty mixed cocktails or get regular sit-down service at one of the tables. Best of all this is a place that ultimately strives for healthy eating options without being judgmental about it. They aren't completely organic, but there's a heavy focus on it which I can appreciate.There are lots of mediocre food options at the Fashion Show, Red Velvet is not one of them.
4	Looking down & spying the bright "Red Velvet Cafe" sign from the upper floor of the Fashion Show mall had me doing a quick search for the closest escalator. If one wasn't nearby, I was considering jumping over the rail and Spidermanning it down to this beacon of red velvet in the middle of a mall. Was I bored with shopping? Sure. Was it time for Red Velvet? It's ALWAYS time for red velvet, foo.Well, guess what? This isn't just any old corner bakery red velvet cupcake or Grandma's Christmas cake either. It's a Vegan Red Velvet Cake. Yep, VEGAN. Giddy-up cause I'm getting one to eat right then and there. The lady at the counter brought it to our table with two forks and couple glasses of water. The individual cake costs $5.50 and is perfect for sharing or just eating by yourself. Olivia Z. and I split it since we were heading to a buffet in a couple hours.Soooooo... how was it? Oh, you mean the Vegan Red Velvet Cake. It was great. I don't know how they do it without butter and such, but the flavor was rich, the cake moist, and the frosting near perfect. If you are sick of the uber-sweet fake red velvet at your local supermarket, the Vegan Red Velvet Cake at Red Velvet Cafe is a treat. Sure, they have other stuff like sandwiches, salads, coffee, and juices, but save room for a healthier and yummier take on a classic American dessert - the Red Velvet Cake.
5	One thing Vegas struggles with is offering easy-to-find vegan food, especially close to the Strip.  You have to go to UNLV or Chinatown to find most of it, or to the Wynn/Encore for something fancier.  With my wife being vegan we wanted to find a good place to just chill and grab some lunch and dessert, and we were so happy to find Red Velvet.The menu prides itself on healthy, organic food, and nearly everything can be made vegan, if it isn't already.  I got the teriyaki chicken mushroom burger twice and it was delicious, if messy as hell.  The chocolate cake was also a nice touch.  They serve coffee too but it is on the expensive side and not particularly worth it.  Go for one of the fruit drinks instead.  Of all places to find vegan food on the Strip, it's in a random mall.  How funny.  But it was so good we came back three times and we'd go again and again.
4	This cafe was really good. The location leaves a little to be desired, but the food was definitely good. The cafe is inside of a mall... so I wasn't really expecting much. I loved how it had meat, veggie, or vegan options for almost all of their dishes. I enjoyed one of their specials ~ a vegan Turkey wrap. It was really delish. I bought a pack of vegan chocolate chip cookies for the road, they were also good. Next time I would like to try one of their juices or teas. All of their drinks looked enticing.
1	So disappointed. Bought a vanilla chocolate chip cake and a red velvet cake  to take home. The vanilla chocolate chip cake was as hard as a rock and the red velvet cake came without a strawberry on top and was not even near the quality I've had there before.  I take dessert home from there a lot, but not anymore. :(
5	So so so glad this place exists. We visit Vegas often enough as one of our tattoo artists resides there... and it's been a struggle eating at chipotle every day of each trip...  So on this last visit to Vegas we found this awesome place.   My family came out for our wedding and we decided to try Red Velvet first because they offer vegan and nonvegan food.  I got a cake and a latte, my sister got a different cake and a panini type sandwich.. my parents got wraps, I believe.   Because I only got a cake, my sister gave me a taste of her sandwich... it was so good!!  My dude and I came back twice more in two days.  I got a different sandwich each time and he kept getting the mushroom burger.   Anyway.. it's in a mall... ummm.. the Fashion Show Mall. So it can be busy or noisy but not too bad.  They also do takeout.  The lattes are incredibly expensive and not that awesome.. If I had noticed on either the first or second visit that they were 6$ a pop, I wouldn't have gotten them 3 times.  There's a starbucks in the mall too, yo.   But no regrets.. ya know.   The food is really good.  Really, really good.  And very filling.  I will be back again and again.. every visit, for sure.
2	Um, Red Velvet Cafe, what the heck happened? I used to wax poetic about the amazing red velvet cake, one that was so much better than any versions I've had back home. I've been to the original location twice, and this mall location once last August. Every time the red velvet cake was a great treat. Vegan! And only 150 calories! During my last visit this month, the cake tasted totally different. Not terrible, just blah. Nothing that is worth recommending to friends. In fact, now I feel embarrassed that I ever encouraged people to try it.At least the service continues to be very friendly.
2	The peanut butter & jelly cake was served hot. So the peanut butter was runny and the cake was really dry & hard. You couldn't taste the jelly until you got into the center of the cake. Warm grape jelly isn't too great to eat. The latte tastes like any other latte.
4	oatmeala chocolate chip cookies were good..how can it be such few calories? red velvet is good for being 150..omg i want more! it's very chocolatey..the apple spice..was ok a bit on the sweet side..but still delicious..i hope their online store opens soon!
2	I'm surprised this place has so many sterling reviews. When I walked in the first thing we noticed was all of the dust clinging to the light fixtures, ceiling and walls (especially around light switches). Then we sat with our menus waiting...and waiting...and waiting for our order to be taken. The avocado dip and whole wheat chips was an amazing appetizer, and there the good food ended. Our lunches took over 30 minutes to be brought to us when half the cafe was empty. I stood at the counter trying to get someone's attention when the waiter never came back to check on us or give us more water. The floor in the kitchen is covered in food, especially under their rolling racks, and the counter tops where food is prepared are littered with dirty utensils and pieces of food that fell during prep. My chicken salad sandwich was completely bland and had a weird after taste which was such a surprise after the great avocado dip. I even tried to apply pepper to help and wouldn't you know it, my pepper shaker was completely empty. When the waiter finally came back to ask if we needed anything it had been over an hour since we'd sat down and we asked for the check. I'd had really high expectations for this place after reading all the reviews and now I have no idea why anybody wants to go back here. The service is horrible, the entree was less than mediocre and not a single person in that place seemed happy to be there. I wanted to try several things on the menu, but I'm not going back again.
5	Great service and phenomenal food! If your a athlete this is the place to eat out and still stay healthy and have tons of taste!!!
2	I was excited to introduce my friend to the ridiculously yummy & surprisingly low 27 calorie Chocolate Chip cookie. I'm not a cookie expert but if I had to guess these were made days ago. Definitely not fresh tasting & not editable so we through them away. Boo :( guess I will stick to the original location for fresh product & ask next time when they were made
5	I was there probably a year ago...Great food and service. The owner (I think) greeted us and brought us our food.  We had a vegan buffalo chicken wrap and a chicken spinach wrap which were both awesome . He told us about the full size restaurant on Sahara Ave which we visited the very next day. Also top notch. Red velvet cupcake was very good too. Just another reason to look forward to my next visit to Vegas.
4	.
4	If you are looking for a healthy quick bite, Red Velvet could be a good option for you. Everything here is pre-boxed for cafe dinning or to-go. They have great options of salads and wraps. You can add grilled chicken or shrimp on any salad on menu. I ordered nuts and berries salad with grilled chicken ($13) and iced latte($5.5) for a quick lunch. Portion of my salad was decent with lots fresh blueberries. Grilled chicken was perfectly cooked and very juicy. Things are a bit pricey at Red Velvet Cafe. But I guess you have to pay the strip premium to eat inside Fashion Show Mall.
2	I've frequented the Sahara/Buffalo location since its inception, but this location is closer so its good last min.  I usually get to go items but when decided to dine in... Mistake- tomatoes in my hummus were rotten, had to debate with waitress over the appearance and getting a fresh plate. - Strawberry on red velvet cake tasted funny on the way home, turned on the light to see 1/2  of it covered in mold. Took a picture of it and called management. Got the runaround -both cases earned me nothing more than an explanation on how organic food doesn't last long.....Really. Julie is the manager, she doesn't take responsibility for customer dissatisfaction, no response to messages left, just didn't G.A.F. And it was evident.
4	One of few vegan places around town and it does a great job. I've enjoyed their desserts more often than their dining options - but lets chat about both.If you're hungry for actual nutrition, their plates are actually really good! Be it a sandwich, wrap, or whatever it is - it is often served with a massive helping of a spinach salad. I hope you like spinach, a lot. Lucky for me, I do. Everything is served in a healthy fashion. Cheap ingredients are not in the mix. This is a nice change. And it isn't that expensive considering the quality. There are always options, too, for your style of protein and cheese.As for desserts - their main things are cupcakes and cookies. Their vegan cookies have made some interesting changes over time but they're always good. Not the best, but good. It's an option rarely had, so points for that. The cupcakes? Ok, they're vegan. But they suffer from "vegan food syndrome." They suck. More often than not dry. Most of the cake part is flavorless and the same no matter which cupcake you get. The frosting, while I understand the hardship of making vegan frosting, is kind of a sugar festival. I only enjoyed one cupcake of theirs, ever, and it was injected with pockets of coffee. It was cool.Go here. If you leave unhappy, I'd be surprised. If you're a vegan, you've already been here a hundred times I'm sure. For me, I'm here for the cookies.
1	I did not have the desserts and maybe they're good.  However, I had a wrap from the deli case, and I have had better from an airport.  The chicken seemed process and undercooked.  Salad had wilted lettuce.  I expected more but I probably shouldn't have.  It was food from a deli case under an escalator in a mall.
4	Being Gluten and Dairy Free, I am in love with this cafe. I have yet to try everything on their menu but what I have tried I have to say I love. Whenever I go, I get their Spinach artichoke wrap on Gluten Free pita bread, vegan mayo and no cheese... Seriously, so amazing. They always have great desserts. My favorite is the Gluten and Dairy Free Strawberry Cake... YUM! If you call ahead to see which desserts they have, they will gladly put a dessert aside until you can get there to pick it up. You get a nice size dessert for $5-$6 ( will feed two, most of the time).They have a great selection of herbal and chamomile tea. The staff is pretty friendly and I like the hidden tables in the back! Great place to try. Great place for us dairy and gluten intolerant folk !
5	***VEGAN REVIEW***Wow can you say a hidden VEGAS gem?  I never would have a thought to find such a great vegan cafe in VEGAS and let alone inside a shopping mall!You HAVE to try this place next time you're in Vegas.  This is truly a vegan cafe with absolutely delicious vegan options.  The cafe is located inside the Fashion mall across from the Wynn.  Yea that "weird spaceship looking flying saucer that crashed into a building" location on the strip.  You know which place I'm talking about it right?  Yup, that's the one.  It took us a while to find the location inside the actual mall the first time but we found it really quick the second time.  Here's the secret.  Park in front of Macy's.  Walk inside Macy's and into the mall.  Once in the mall make an immediate left and you'll see it!  (Like a mirage in the desert...ok no pun intended.  And really this is no mirage it really does exist! Thankfully!)So we had dinner here during the week.  I had the California Vegan Sandwich panini.  (Check my pics) Very tasty.  Their soy protein "meat" is made specifically for Red Velvet Cafe (RVC) and has great texture and taste.  The panini was served with a nice helping of spinach salad.  We loved the presentation and dinner so much we agreed to stop here for breakfast before we were to head back home.  And had another amazing meal.And yes, we had a serving of their red velvet cake.  It was very good.  The frosting was a little rich for us and might have been a bit too sweet.  We trimmed it off and enjoyed the cake.  We liked it. Overall we love this place and have added it to our MUST visit locations when we're in Vegas.  Buffets?  Blah.  If you want something healthy and vegan then this is the place to go!!!!  Oh and those comments about horrible service and the place being dirty?  Really?  I have no idea where that place was because this location was everything but.  We had exceptional customer service (perhaps because we ordered the vegan options?  Their specialty)  Everyone was very attentive and made sure we were satisfied with our meal.  Really I have nothing negative to say.  I will say that if you aren't vegan and are looking to just get your CAKE fix on...then perhaps try something else, there's always donut places around.  But if you're looking for great healthy VEGAN food and perhaps a little dessert afterwards then this HAS to be your place to stop!!!
4	I have never been to the red velvet cafe apart from the one at the fashion show. I usually get the chocolate chip cookies in a box and finish them before I leave the mall. They are really good, but they do have a different consistency and texture as opposed to regular ones. Probably because they are vegan, haha. Anyways, the cookies are yummy although I must say I think they are a little overpriced. It's a place worth trying and I am interested in trying out their other things!
5	Food is incredible, location is trendy, and service is both helpful and nice too. Since moving to Vegas (from NYC) Ive been looking for a great Vegan friendly restaurant, and this is my favorite one by far!
1	after reading all the good reviews about this newly opened cafe, i decided to give this place a visit.. they have a wide varieties of gluten free cakes, starting from banana cream, cinnamon, blueberry, raspberry, chocolate, etc etc.. i couldnt make up my mind on which one to get but i thought that the red velvet cake is a must try since the cafe itself called 'red velvet cafe', i ended up buying 3 of their cakes; red velvet, banana cream, and chocoate fondue or something. each cake cost between $5.99-$6.50 or something. the total for all these cakes were exactly $20 including tax.. definitely not cheap and in fact, its expensive.. first of all, for the amount i paid for each cake, i'd expect a nice and well presented cake.. but that doesnt seem to be the case.. the whole presentation is off and awful!! even the cheap asian bakeries would give you way better decorated cake with nice toppings.. this is what my red velvet cake look like when they handed in my cake (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/red-velvet-caf%C3%A9-las-vegas-3?select=IKZNZ_EV4gIEwmZGERWw0w#IKZNZ_EV4gIEwmZGERWw0w).. the same goes for the banana cream (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/red-velvet-caf%C3%A9-las-vegas-3?select=IKZNZ_EV4gIEwmZGERWw0w#UdYwVl7C5qXwVby_Ss0G6g) and chocolate (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/red-velvet-caf%C3%A9-las-vegas-3?select=IKZNZ_EV4gIEwmZGERWw0w#ONidhQoNkOqZDs-dJD0O5g). it also doesnt taste as good as what many people have said.. the cake is too dense, flavorless, and the creamcheese frosting taste nothing like creamcheese.. its more like butter sugar!! totally disappointed with everything.. i should have got one cake instead of 3, but i thought that i drove all the way from CA to vegas, so i might as well get more to bring back to CA.. o well, i still need to finish the rest of the cake anyways..
2	I was dropping my friend off at work and then I got lost in the mall. I was starving and this place looked beautiful with all of its pretty lights, and refreshing drink display.The tuna melt had way too much better and just seemed kinda old and gross. The bread was soggy. I ordered a bloody mate to go. It was so damn good, but I'm pretty sure I paid $6 for it. No way.
3	I have to say this place is hit and miss.Because of the location they dont have a cooking vent. So all your meals are pre-made and heated up. This leaves the wraps soggy, and thats usually what I like to order. (I do recommend the hummus (Hummus, cherries tomatos, artichokes and pepper flakes. You can get the pepper flakes on the side if you dont want the heat)HOWEVER. There deserts are ridiculously delicious. I don't eat any dairy, so coming across these made me scream inside.  I recommend the cookies, yum!For the locals just trying this out, if you can take the trip. The Sahara location is a lot fresher.
1	I gave this place a try because of the favorable Yelp reviews, but alas the vegan tiramisu we ordered was gross. No, just... no.First off there was very little coffee flavor to be had anywhere in the whole thing. It didn't taste even remotely like tiramisu; if not for the label I would have guessed it was just white cake. Also the cake was stale and dry, god only knows how long it was sitting in that case before we were unlucky enough to pick it up. The frosting was very grainy/sandy, like it wasn't blended well or maybe was just very old. The staff told me that they don't bake anything there and get it shipped in from another spot, so maybe they need to review their inventory tracking system. Wayyyy overpriced just because it sports the "vegan" tag. I won't be back.
5	Hands down my favorite gluten free restaurant in Las Vegas! Tucked away in the fashion show mall this is truly a hidden gem! I always get a gluten free panini that has spinach, artichokes, turkey, and provolone. It also comes with a nice little side salad with homemade vinaigrette. They also have a great selection of wine and sake. Desert wise they have an amazing selection of gluten free and vegan cookies, tiramisu, and cake. The vegan/gluten free tiramisu is absolutely amazing. A little on the sweeter side but I seriously crave it! They also have coconut water, yum! Everyone needs to try this place even if your not vegan or on a gluten free diet.
3	Cute little cafe in the mall, I had the Vegan Tiramisu - it was very sweet, a bit on the dry side, and it totally did not taste like tiramisu - although it still tasted ok. I had my "tiramisu" heated, which was good, i've never had hot tiramisu.  The cakes are way to sweet - make sure you order milk as welll. It was decent - nothing really special.
1	Horrible customer service!
5	Vegas + Veganism = PARTYI come to Vegas twice every year for work (the Magic and Project tradeshows every Aug and Feb)  My first "Vegan Vegas" was this past Feb.  We always stay at either the Wynn or Encore, so finding the Red Velvet Cafe just across the street @ Fashion Show was truly a blessing!  I am so happy that places like this exist to make veganism effortless.  The food was delish, service was great, and the selection was incredible.  Can't wait to try some of the desserts in August.  Vegas Vegan tip:  Steve Wynn (the owner of the Wynn and Encore) is actually, or has been experimenting with veganism, therefore every (or at least every restaurant I have come across)  has a "vegan menu" If your pocketbook does allow
1	DON'T EVEN GO HERE. WASTE OF MONEY AND TIME. The waitresses are so unprofessional! I was here with my aunt & they were totally rude. We ordered coffee and decide to relax after a day of shopping & they kept bugging us if we were gonna order food. It's a cafe! Coffee is enough what more do they want??? Not to mention, we were planning to order food but we were still chatting & taking our time & the nastiest waitress came out with a nasty face like "order now or leave" face. This place needs better service & literally all the waitresses in the back had the same bitter face. After I ordered salad, (which was already pre-made in the fridge) I asked her to just hand it to me cause I didn't want them taking my food to the back considering they were already being rude & the girl was like "NO, we need to take it to the back to put it on a plate". They didnt give me a choice. Who knows what they could have done to it! DON'T GO HERE cause they will just gang up on you & they need better management OBVIOUSLY!
2	I really like Red Velvet Cafe on Sahara and I've been going there for years now. Though, I have to say that this location is not ideal. I picked up a croissant sandwich to go and it was soggy and falling apart when I went to eat it. Luckily the tiramisu cupcake I got is just as good as the cupcakes they have at their other location. I really want to support this business and would give them a higher rating, but I feel the quality seems to suffer here. Hopefully in the future they'll work out the kinks and I'll gladly write an updated review!
5	This place is nothing short of amazing!!!  I recently made the switch to full vegan and was so happy to find this place.  Their vegan meat alternatives are fantastic and the vegan desserts are absolute heaven!  One can feel like their sinning without any of the actual sin, making it likely the best choice for any vegan living in Sin City!
5	Soooo good! All of the food can be made vegan which is a treat for a vegan like me! We had a nacho appetizer, veggie wraps, and dessert and it was all delicious. Servers were nice and good location in the mall. Will definitely return.
4	oh man, this place is a find.  In the Mall right across the street from the Trump tower entrance.  Awesome choices for vegan and GF people.  I tried the GF pizza which was great, better then normal crust, and the GF lemon/rasberry cake was incredible, so soft in the middle.  Salads are very big and great tasting too.  Also the GF Meat/Egg wrap was so good, large hunks of meat.--RibChamp
3	Enjoy eating here.  Like the variety.
1	Famous vegan chocolate chip cookies?!! They were the worst tasting cookies. It was just a slab of raw dough served up in a plastic container. We took one bite each and threw the rest out. It was so disgusting. Please don't serve these any more. I wanted to vomit.
5	Red Velvet Cafe was one of my favourite stops made on my trip to Las Vegas. It was very exciting to look at the menu, ask the waitress what is vegan and be told that absolutely everything can be veganized. Choosing was the hardest part. Our food was incredible, fast and the service was exceptional. Choosing desserts was also a difficult task as nearly all of them are vegan as well. I tried quite a few of the cakes on my trip as I felt it necessary to try as many as possible. They are all extremely delicious!
1	I've been going here, almost daily, for YEARS now since it first opened and was selling their cakes inside of Whole Foods(which is how I discovered my former favorite dessert spot)...that being said, each time I went here(no exaggerations but maybe about almost 1,000 if not already) I would never order less than two desserts...yes, I had a HUGE sweet tooth that needed to be cured! Needless to say, I've always had a pleasant experience, which is why I always went back and referred all my friends and family who would ask me to recommend a great spot in Vegas. However, this past June 5, 2013 I went there would be my last that I would EVER support this place. It's a shame because I use to go there so often the owner's husband who ran Fashion Show's restaurant would know I was such a huge fan of the place.I hate to call someone out but never in my life have I ever received TERRIBLE service where I felt informing others was necessary, and to write the name of the server(I've been a server before so I know what it's like but this service wasn't even considered that)...Savannah, at the Fashion Show Mall presented my best friend(who I introduced her here) and I a half melted, burnt off tiramisu cake where the frosting was half off of the cake, did NOT ask us for any drinks or silverware, rolled her eyes at me for NO reason(I'm always respectful to servers too), and I ordered a carrot cake cookie to eat there which normally they always bring out on a plate but Savannah handed me the box and then tried to avoid me. My best friend witnessed this TERRIBLE treatment from her and I had no idea why she would give such terrible attitude. She avoided us plenty of times and it really ruined our experience for a lifetime...I've never had a server not do the fundamentals or essential parts of "waitressing" which is a greeting(Savannah avoided me), actually SERVING the food on a plate(one looked like SHIT, please check out the tiramisu photo I posted), asking if we would like any other food or drinks from the menu(NOTHING was asked), a smile(she rolled her eyes walking past us and always had an attitude), and just got such a nasty vibe from her that I refuse to let anyone go here. Please also note that this cafe was not busy at all, and it wasn't like we went during opening or near closing either....Anyway, my review is done. Be warned of this place and Savannah.(You should NOT serve if you hate your job!)
2	With a name like "Red Velvet Cafe", I expected some bomb Red Velvet Cake. Short after walking up to the pastry case, I noticed it's a Vegan place. My BFF is Vegan and I've had many awesome Vegan desserts, so being a carnivore, it didn't steer me away. Although many of the chocolate items looked tempting, I assumed they specialize in Red Velvet, so I ordered their Red Velvet Cupcake, which is $5.50.It was topped super high with frosting, so I couldn't wait to dig in!As soon as I put my fork in the frosting, to my disappointment, the frosting crumbled into pieces. Sure, it was chilled in the cooler, but it was nowhere near cold enough to crumble in that way. The taste didn't make up for it. Perhaps I was spoiled with the Sprinkes Vegan Red Velvet - you could barely taste the difference between the Vegan frosting and regular Cream Cheese Frosting. The frosting of this cupcake was overly sugary and frankly, cheap tasting.The cake was dense and dry... SUPER DRY that I could barely get my fork through it. It had the consistency of dried out cornbread. It tasted like stale chocolate cake. I ended up tossing it like a hockey puck. I was going to bring it back to the counter, not for a refund but to ask them how they have the nerve to sell something so stale. It had to be more than a week old. I can't imagine otherwise. I didn't bother saying anything. A bad taste was left in my mouth until I reached my favorite dessert spot (not Vegan) Jean Philippe. Now THAT's good Red Velvet. I gave this place two stars because I feel guilty only giving one, but that's really all it deserves. Message to the management - If you specialize in Red Velvet, it should be made fresh daily. If that was fresh, you may want to find another talent. Sorry. :(
4	The first time I went here, my food was very bland, and the vegan desert wasn't all that good. I think it was because it was close to closing time and they were running out of everything. The second time, I got a sandwich wrap (came with a salad!) and the BEST double fudge vegan chocolate cake with the thickest, most wonderful frosting. I'm adding two stars just for that cake.
1	Very disappointed after reading the Review Journal write up today. It's under " Cookies might be too good to be true"Red Velvet claims there cookies are 27 cal each. Come to find out they were tested and they are 157cal per cookie. I was referred by a friend and also referred many people to Red Velvet.  I can't believe I was paying 6.00 for a pack of cookies claiming to be 162 cal total and they were 942 cal and paying 1.00 a cookie! I've spent hundreds of dollars at this establishment and I'm sure there are many other people who have also. I even sent these desserts to my mother in law who is a diabetic.   I really hope there is a furthur investigaion.  I can't imagine how bad the rest of the food is.   People go here and spend a lot of money thinking they are getting low calorie, healthy,  diabetic friendy food and instead your getting scammed.
4	Red Velvet cookies!!!!! The End.
2	This review is for both Red Velvet Cafe locations.I'm not saying they don't serve delicious healthy food. I'm not saying their sweets are yummy. They are, for that, I'm giving 2 stars. However, I won't be returning to either locations again.http://www.reviewjournal...To summarize really quick, this article tells about how people LOVED Red Velvet Cafe's infamous chocolate cookies, which claim to be only 27 calories each. Too good to be true? Yes. A Las Vegas author had these cookies analyzed and found out they were actually 157 calories! So the six-pack of cookies Red Velvet claims to be only 162 calories is actually 942 calories. Read the article and judge for yourself.I've had Red Velvet vegan cakes many times, the ones that are supposed vegan and around 200 calories. As I try to stay fit and eat a sensible diet, I always appreciate establishments who offer vegan healthy alternatives. However, if I find a food I really want it, I'll buy it, sometimes regardless of if it's low-calorie. I'll eat a 900-calorie triple chocolate cake if that's what I really crave, but at least I KNOW how much I'm eating.I know that not all eateries provide their nutritional information on their food. I understand some recipes are kept secret. However, if you are going to be proud to claim how low calorie your delicious chocolate cookies are, they better be true!I just don't appreciate the dishonesty Red Velvet Cafe displayed. People rely on accurate information on what they eat, if that information is available. Now, I cannot trust anything Red Velvet Cafe says about any of their food. Can you? Their food may be delicious, but their actions left a bad taste in my mouth.
1	Either they use stale beans or the machine is not set up properly. Whatever you do, DO NOT think of ordering an espresso from here, you'll get nothing but a shot of coffee WITH grounds in the bottom of the glass. I will blame the owner for the staff not being able to pull a decent shot.
5	Great menu but I prefer the location on W. Sahara.
5	Great selection of vegan and vegetarian food. And your meat eating friends will be happy too.
5	Great place for a quick bite between all that mad shopping! Nothing like a chilled glass of Proseco to get you going for round two. I had the chicken n goat cheese pizza which was divine and a triple berry cake that hit the spot with a bang! I'm not vegan nor vegetarian, just liked the casual feel of the place and was glad they served wine. It was perfection!
1	This location is TERRIBLE. I work in the mall, and not only does the customer service suck, but the pre-made paninis and sandwiches are awful. I have made many attempts to give them another chance, mostly because I love their chocolate chip cookies and their spicy hummus. I deliberately asked if their to-go hummus was the same portion size as when I dine in, (because usually the portion size is what makes paying $9 FOR HUMMUS WORTHWHILE). The gentleman assured me it was the same portion size. Upon delivery it was a little less than half what I usually get served when dining in. I will not be returning again, even though I work a few doors down.
5	Visited here twice on my trip to Vegas. Service was good and sandwiches with gluten-free bread were delicious. The Cuban press was my favorite; I want to go back to Vegas just to eat it again. The waitress gave us extra gluten-free pita as well for no charge, which was nice. Cake was good too, especially for gluten free vegan.I noticed that a lot of people are giving this place one-star reviews because they apparently mislabeled a cookie as too low-calorie. Yeah that's not a great thing to do, but come on people, it's not like they were breeding rats in the kitchen or shipping their profits off to al Qaeda. I go to Vegas quite a bit and It is SO DIFFICULT to find good gluten-free food there, especially this close to the Strip. Let's not drive one of the few good gluten-free places out of business because of a cookie. Did you balloon up like Regina George, Yelpers? No?  Then calm down.
4	The only thing I'll say about the calorie count controversy is that just because something is vegan does not mean its healthy.  Sugar and oil are vegan.  I give it 4 stars because what I had (chocolate peanut butter cake and chocolate chip cookies) were good, but pretty expensive.  Cookies come to about $1 each.  That may sound OK, but they're only about the size of an oreo, so to me $5.99 for the box (don't remember if there were 6 or 8, but definitely not more), is pretty high.  I can get cookies that are 3x the size at Whole Foods for $1.49 each and less if you buy a package of them.  However, they were among the best vegan chocolate chip cookies I've had.  But the chocolate peanut butter cake (NOT the gluten free version) was really good.  Again expensive at $6.50, but its big enough for 2 people to share so if you compare it to restaurant dessert  prices, its not so bad.  But again compared to nicer grocery store prices, its high.  I looked at sandwiches and nothing looked so amazing that I wanted to pay what they were asking to try them. Would I go back?  Sure, but not so often just due to the prices.  It would be a treat only.
2	The desserts are pretty good but have an inaccurate calorie count. As far as the other food they offer, it is far from fresh. They have people bring in food that's been pre-made... no different than what you can get at the ABC store next door (which actually tastes better). Last time I'll ever eat at Red Velvet.
5	If you're not familiar with Las Vegas, I'll first give you a heads up that this Cafe is more of a kiosk and it's located right in the middle of a large mall. That being said...I was overwhelmed by the selection of vegan gourmet desserts Red Velvet offers. Case after case of beautiful pies, cakes, and cookies.I couldn't decide on one so we purchased several.The chocolate chip cookies have more of a shortbread dough to them. Small chips that are in slim numbers may or may not be found within the cookies. Very mild sweetness (which I personally liked, so as to avoid going into a diabetic coma after two bites...). The tiramisu was surprisingly delicious and sinful. The same goes for the peanut butter chocolate chip cake. I have yet to dig into my blackberry apple cake.On the other side of their triangular display casing, we found a plethora of juices, salads, and sandwiches. All looked delectable, most were vegan or vegetarian. I also ordered one of their vegan chicken wraps and really liked it (I'm not normally a fan of wraps). Green tortilla that was fresh (no sogginess or staleness to be found) and perfect layers of fresh spinach, vegan cheese, soy chickn, and artichoke. Perfect!In spite of having to brave my way through the mall, Red Velvet was totally worth it.
5	Must try place! Highly impressed. Great for vegetarians!!!! Awesome vegan double chocolate fudge cake, totally loved it! The best vegan choc cake I ever had :) and we ordered veggie grill sandwich which was great too!I am definitely returning to this place when I am in Vegas next.
5	Maple cake (vegan)!!!! Soooo good! Possibly the best dessert I've had in my 3.5 years of being vegan.. It was moist, flavorful, and the frosting complimented it very well. They even warmed it for us which was a nice touch. They also have great food.. I split the vegan nachos with chicken and the vegan turkey sandwich. The nachos hit the spot with their homemade chips and fresh toppings, the sandwich was also good but nothing special.
4	Love this place. I am allergic to Gluten so the fact that they carry Gluten free and Vegan options is really awesome. The good is very fresh and they do not serve processed food. I recommend the chicken and buffalo mozzarella panini. For dessert, get the red velvet cake!
5	Great healthy, gluten free options close to the strip! So happy to have found this healthy gem!
3	Was suggested by the Mac cosmetic gal at nordstroms she said they have gluten free and vegan desserts however heard nothing but good things. Since it was my bday and I was from out of town I wanted cake for my friend and I ....didn't see gluten free cake or normal cake only vegan cake. I thought how bad could it be right?!?! I got blueberry mango cream and a cookie and cream cake. This was my first vegan cake. So I don't know what's good or bad but it was ...OK...tho it tasted like something was missing.....I guess eggs and dairy hahaha
5	AMAZING! Recently my girlfriend and I have decided to incorporate much more of a vegan lifestyle. It has been a huge challenge to find vegan options in Vegas. I heard about the Red Velvet Cafe and got the impression that there wasn't a ton to offer. Boy was I wrong! When we sat down we looked through the menu. At first it seemed like there were only a few vegan options. But we came to find out that EVERY item could be done vegan style. We started with Chili Rubbed Potatoes as an appetizer and were blown away. Hearty with just enough kick. For our entrees my girlfriend had the vegan version of chicken and squash with a teriyaki sauce. I had the chicken and eggplant in a sweet and spicy sauce. Both of our entrees had vegetables were you could taste the quality and freshness. The faux chicken was amazing. And the sauces were killer. The desserts here are nothing short of divine. We got three to take home. At the end of the meal Sunil, who I'm pretty sure is the owner, came over and talked with us. You can tell he takes great pride in his food and he should! Vegas can be really challenging for someone who is vegetarian/vegan. But rest assured there is an incredible restaurant here.
5	Great food option for vegans and non vegans alike.  I ate here twice on my trip to Vegas and both were great.  Perfect for a quick, healthy (or not) bite to eat while shopping at Fashion Show.
5	I thought i was in heaven. It was one of the first places i went to when i was in vegas...and being vegan this is THE place to go for lunch or dessert. It blew my mind. They had literally the BEST FAKE TUNA ( spicy vegan tuna wrap) known to man. No joke. Ever since i went vegan i've still craved tuna. and TUNO is Okay, but it just didn't really do it for me. This, on the other hand was JUST like eating tuna. And the sauces and tortillas they use on their wraps. TO DIE FOR!!!On my vacation i ate here a few times. I had the vegan cuban panini ( YUM!), the buffalo vegan chicken wrap ( OMG), teriyaki mushroom chicken burger ( HEEEEELL YEAH)  and the red velvet cake and chocolate chip cookie sandwiches. They can make almost their ENTIRE menu vegan includling pizzas, wraps, sandwiches, TONS of cake and desserts ( tiramisu cake, peanut butter and jelly cake, pumpkin cake, etc) They have daiya vegan cheese which they actually take the time to MELT down right, which a lot of places with vegan items don't. If you're vegetarian or vegan in vegas you MUST go here. its right in the fashion mall off the strip across from The Wynn. and you'll die just as much as I did....it was unreal. :D
2	I am not sure if the Red Velvet Cake I had was Vegan. I was expecting a melt-in-your-mouth consistency. But it was very dry and  bread-like. It's as if the cake was from yesterday. I think, it's overpriced too. Staff was great.
1	Is it possible to give no stars?  If so that is what I would give red velvet.  You would think after the cookie brigade they would be gracious for any customers that came in but no.  We ordered a vegan pizza and vegan nachos.  The waiter took our order with an attitude of 'do you know wht you want or not?'  Shocked I placed the order and we waited 25 minutes for the food.  The waiter came over and said the food would be right out.  Still waiting he came back 5 minutes later and said the nachos were made with regular cheese and it would be 10 more minutes!  I was furious.  I asked about the pizza and he said that was ready and brought it out.  It looked disgusting with the piles of daiya cheese not melted.  I asked for the manager.  5 minutes later she came over and tossed the nachos down on the table.  I told her how disgusted I was and she said,  'well the food is correct now.  Do you want it or not?'  I showed her the pizza and she said daiya does not melt.  I corrected her as we use it daily and she again with a horrible attitude asked if I wanted the nachos.  My husband and I looked at each other and we left.  I used to go here all the time but the attitude is the worst I have ever experienced.
2	Ok, if you can't find anything vegan in Vegas or need a quick solution to appease vegetarian/vegan friends then yes, by all means, go to red velvet. There are better alternatives and many places offer vegetarian/vegan options. This place is so overpriced for what it is. The service is hit or miss. This particular visit was a complete miss. The server is not very polite and was chewing gum while taking our order. All in all it's not worth it.
1	Went there based on good Yelp reviews, WiFi was down, they only had 1 gluten free option as far as baked goods went, staff was not super friendly so I just moved on. Bummer, I was excited to try it :-/
5	Vegan chicken ranch wrap is huge and delicious! Came with a big bed of spinach salad side.
5	Very impressed with this place. While I am not vegan or vegetarian, the food was delicious. After a few minutes of scanning the menu, I ordered the goat cheese chicken pizza with a couple of minor modifications for my diet. The food was delivered quickly and cooked perfectly throughout. The portion size was pretty much perfect, as after finishing I felt content with the amount of food I had eaten, not too little, and not too much.Their desserts are also great, with a gluten-free option for (as far as I could tell) anything I wanted to order. Finally, the pricing. I was pleasantly surprised at how affordable it was for the quality of the food and the wait time. I think I paid a bit less here for a pizza and dessert than a comparably sized pizza at CPK or Grimaldis.I look forward to coming back any time that I get the opportunity, I have found somewhere I enjoy eating anytime I am on the strip.
4	I have only ever had the baked goods.  Whenever I am shopping in the mall I stop by and get a gluten free desert.  The cookies are great and the red velvet cake is super good, just a little too sweet.
3	*This was a tough review since the food was so mediocre but the dessert was one of the best I've had*. While in Vegas for a bike convention my girlfriend and i went on the hunt for some yummy vegan goods. Armed with the trusty yelp app we saw the reviews and pics for this spot and definitely wanted to try it out. Plus it was walking distance from our hotel. Done and done.We knew it was in the mall so we ventured in and started looking for the spot. We went up and down and from one end to the other and couldn't for the life of us find this place. Finally I called to see if they were even still there. A girl who picked up told me they were in between two escalators. What an odd place for a cafe. Either way we found it, sat down, and mulled over the menu. We pretty much new what we wanted. We ordered nachos, a sandwich, a pizza, and a dessert. The nachos came out and were pretty good. The chips were like a hybrid of tortilla and pita which made it unique. My only problem is that the cheese seemed burnt. The sandwich was ok and so was the pizza. Not memorable but ok. The best part was definitely the dessert which was hard to choose from! After much deliberation we went for the maple pancake cake. They asked if we wanted it heated.......ummmmm yes?! It was genuinely one of the best baked goods I've had period. The cake was moist (hate the word) and tasted just like a pancake and there was maple syrup on the inside. The frosting was perfect with the cake. I don't normally share desserts since I can usually throw it back by myself but I'm glad I did on this. It was so large and very filling. When going to the upcoming convention I will for sure go back for the sweets. I might try something different on the regular menu but if it's anything like last time I'll stick to cakes.
3	So I've been back twice because that faux chicken was so amazing & I haven't found much to eat on the strip with my dietary restrictions. I got the Veggie wrap without the cheese or mayo & added faux chicken & avocado. I ordered it on a gluten free wrap & got bbq sauce to dip it in. The first time I ordered this it was AMAZING! The staff was hella friendly but I still think the price was insane. It was around $15 for a wrap with some greens. The second time I went it wasn't as amazing. The "chicken" was kinda dry & the service was back to the first time I went there. I wish this "restaurant" wasn't in a mall. I really dislike the atmosphere, the prices & how inconsistent it is. I will say it is the best I've found for healthy food on the strip.
3	This place has been a big hit or miss. The first time I went I got faux chicken and it was absolutely delicious. It's what brought me back two more times. The second time I tried the buffalo chicken and substituted the real chicken with faux.. I devoured it so quickly because it was so good. The third time going back was disappointing, the faux chicken was dry.The service here is also up and down, some days it's great and the servers are friendly and chatty but other times its the opposite. The prices are ridiculously high and you're charged for anything you add to your meal.I dont know if I'd go back, especially to this location because its in the middle of a mall. It would be great if it was an actual restaurant.
5	Every time I come back into town, I absolutely have to stop here. My go to is the taco salad. I would recommend that most definitely. I used to go to the Sahara one, but this one is always closer when I visit now. The service is always great and I wish I was more hungry to get a dessert, but I always love the chocolate chip cookies, no matter what the calorie count is... Love that it's on the strip. Go if you can, it's a great lunch spot in between shopping
3	I gave them 3 stars because their vegan dessert was delicious and we got decent service. I loved the vegan red velvet cake. But be warned that the entrees are way overpriced for what they are. I couldn't believe the price when our server brought us the bill, and we didn't even eat half of our food because it was so mediocre. If your thinking about coming here, just stop by for dessert!
5	I have had some dishes here which were cool.  But hands down the best dish ever is the brown rice chicken wrap. When I used to live in LA, I would make this a must do each trip.  I get it with no advocado, my friends get siracha with it.  but just plain is so damn good.
3	Vegas is not known very well for its extensive vegan options, so I was happy to hear that a vegan-friendly cafe was minutes away from the Trump Hotel, where I was staying. All I had to do was skip across the street, make it through the mall, and there it was!It is very cute, in an open are in the center of the mall. There seems to be plenty of seating, and rows of desserts lining the shelves.Not everything is vegan, but they do specialize in vegan food and desserts. I didn't get a chance to try any of the desserts, but I decided to splurge on my meal.I got the veggie panini-vegan style. That means they use the vegan pesto and vegan daiya cheese instead. She asked if I wanted to add vegan chicken in for a few dollars more, but I opted out because I felt like the flavors in the sandwich were probably rich and filling already. I stuck with the salad, but added on the plain roasted potatoes on the side.It is on the pricier side, especially if you decide to start adding ingredients. ($3 potatoes here, $3 faux chicken, $1 avocado, etc.)I should have splurged a bit even more and added the chicken and went for the seasoned potatoes.The sandwich was good, but nothing extraordinary. It quickly got soggy and the flavors were surprisingly not rich and filling. It felt like it was missing something. The pesto just fell flat. But it wasn't bad, I still enjoyed it.The salad was overdressed, and the dressing itself was nothing to write about.The potatoes, advertised as roasted, were nothing more than steamed potatoes. I like that they use exotic potatoes, such as red, blue, yellow, etc. But the fact that it was simply steamed meant that it didn't have a hearty "roasted" flavor, not was it seasoned at all. Very very bland.In the end, it was not unenjoyable, but nothing too memorable. A bit overpriced, but what isn't in Las Vegas. I'm just glad I was able to find something to eat so close to my hotel!
5	Calling all VEGANS! This place rocks! Need your food vegan or gluten free? Than this is your place. Everything on their menu can be substituted with a vegan alternative or gluten free alternative. Pricing is fairly cheap considering that it includes alternatives. The space itself is "cozy"; it's small and I'm sure most people miss it since it's tucked away under the elevators at the fashion show mall. I recommend you not to overlook it anymore. It's worth the snug seating. I ordered an all vegan pizza with pepperoni (vegan alternative). It was fulfilling, although the next time I go I'm either going to ask for no cheese alternative or a very small amount to be used. The alternative they use can by very empowering. Plus the texture of it is not all that appealing. So for those of you that are picky about texture, I would say to order with a minimal amount of the cheese alternative. For dessert I ordered a vegan/gluten free tiramisu cake which was delicious! I'm a sweets person and I could hardly tell the difference between this vegan tiramisu and the real deal. It was somewhat dryer than the original version, but still was great for taste.
5	Amazing & delicious! Perfect for mixed company- when one person cares more about healthy & the other cares about flavor. Here you have both! You can't tell the difference between their vegan dishes & desserts and creations from 4 star restaurants! I love this place & go to Fashion Show Mall specifically for them!! I wish they had a location in Henderson! Please open a location in Henderson!! Thank you!!
4	Their vegan food is above average and their vegan desserts are exceptional.  The restaurant is glassed-in what seems like the absolute center of the Fashion Show Mall, squeezed between the escalators.  Their dessert shelf is longer than long, providing many mouth-watering minutes of trying to choose the best dessert.   I hear that the owner may have fudged some calorie numbers.  Ok, forgive and forget... at least she is helping us not kill animals with all the delectable goodies that she makes so scrumptiously.
1	I love red velvet cakes, but the ones here were too dry. It's not even topped with cream cheese icing. I do not recommend! I also tried the "blood" mate tea, it was okay. The fruit yogurt parfait sucks too!
4	OK, I'm just going to say this first off.  This is not my type of place.  I don't go out of my way to eat organic. Chemicals are how I obtained my mutant powers.   I'm not a vegan. The cuter than animal, the better they taste.   I'm not gluten free.  I'm a pasta freak.  However, my wife is gluten free.  And the dietary restrictions her nutritionist has put her on means lots of lettuce wraps.  So, when she found this place on Groupon, we had to try it.At first sight, I wasn't impressed.  The decor, well, it is in a Mall.  So, pretty much what I expected.  However, the food was good, the staff was super friendly, and the gluten free options were remarkable.  Everything, and I mean everything, on the menu could be made gluten free.  My wife's pita sandwich was delicious.  The pita tasted a little sweet, as most gluten free bread do.  But, other than that, it tasted just like a regular sandwich bread.  Her spicy potatoes were freakin' fantastic.  I kept steal them.  My sandwich was also good.  Not amazing, but definitely good.Overall, I liked the place.  And would give it 3 stars.  But, knowing how hard it is to find REAL gluten free options, I appreciated the place all the more.  So, I'm kicking it up to 4 stars just because of the amazing options they offer people with dietary restrictions and choices.  My wife is an incredible baker.  And she has created some delicious recipes for gluten free baking.  So, I know how hard it is to make good tasting gluten free breads.
4	I like this place, but I'm pretty up and down with it! People don't realize that this place was pretty hard to find--vegan and gluten free! If you're not used to eating vegan or gluten free, you have to be open. But luckily, this is one of the better places that I've been to! Ambiance: 4 - I actually love the cafe area. It's basically hidden almost at the bottom of the stairs. When you sit in the inner area, it's secluded and private, just like a real cafe. You almost don't realize you're at a mall! However, I wish the seats were more comfortable because they are not fun sitting in after walking around for hours! Service: 5 - The service was really great. The workers were helpful and always asking if we needed any questions answered or wanted some more drinks. They brought the food to our table, which I thought was really sweet since the place is so small, they really didn't have to! Food: 4 - Quality vegan and gluten-free foods are really hard to find anywhere really. I was really surprised by the quality of their vegan red velvet! Wasn't really a fan of the icing, but it was pretty good. The chocolate cake was really good and tasty. The cakes were a little too sweet for my tastes, but they pulled it off really well regardless. Notttt a fan of the drinks though. I might have to try more to see if they have better ones, but currently not a fan! For now, I suggest bakery only! I'm getting ready to try the food next time; I heard it was pretty good and now I'm curious!!!
5	Got the glowing green juice and mushroom chicken burger *vegan*. My bf got the same thing but not vegan and he said it taste the same but vegan patties are a little softer. The  juice taste more like kale and apple them the rest of the ingredients which is fine. Being vegan and in Vegas on my 21 st birthday is challenging. I brought some food with me. This place is two miles away walking distance from the hotel escalibur,  but it was worth it.
5	I had purchased a groupon for Red Velvet Cafe and decided to go there last weekend. I opted out of lunch and decided to splurge on all desserts. As a vegan and gluten-free enthusiast, I was more than ecstatic to try their lovely desserts. Their GF and vegan chocolate chip cookies were incredible and their red velvet cake, unreal. I highly recommend this place for vegans and non-vegans alike
3	Was looking for a place that had healthy smoothies, and this place seemed promising. It's located in the mall, so a nice place to take a break. I got the Strawberry Smoothie and it wasn't anything special. It was very bland. The food they had looked good; I didn't try it though. Maybe next time I'm back in Vegas, I'll try the food instead.
3	I'd love to give them a higher rating for all their vegan & gluten-free options, but until they start having the gluten-free version of their name available, they get knocked a star. We both love the gf red velvet & go to fashion show just to get it, but 80% of the time it's our of stock. Living on the east side of town, I really don't want to drive way over to west Sahara to get a piece of cake as they suggest. There's other options, but not impressed with them when I'm craving the red velvet. Other star knocked off because those potatoes are about  1/2 cooked. If I'm pay in extra for them at least have them cooked, not hard & barely warm. I do love the gluten free vegan wraps/sandwich with "chicken" & artichoke, tasty. But I still want my cake!!!!! So please start keeping it in stock
3	Okay so I really hate to come down hard on this place but honestly...come on... i'm a sucker for all easy vegan  and vegetarian places because I myself am vegan.  However this place is absurdly expensive for what  the food is. The desserts awesome. however they too are relatively expensive.. seven dollars for a slice of cake. It's super cool that all of their menu can be chosen to be vegan but it's all more expensive and you start going into the 12 and $13+ range. no really... It's 13 bucks for a vegan hot dog..  Which is cool if you are cool with that... however I can go to some of these other places I review  and get a vegan fix for little more than half that and it won't be a prepackaged light life vegan hot dog.
4	After days of junking it up w/ fried foods in Sin City, I needed something light and green in my life. I ordered a vegan Buffalo Chicken wrap. The wrap was large (I could only eat 1/2 of it) and it came with a simple green (think super greens) salad with a balsamic dressing. The wrap was mostly shredded lettuce, but it also had a fair share of the soy chicken, and the buffalo sauce (comes on the side) was yum! It was good, and it was just what I needed. The next time I'm in Vegas I will go back to try some of their other vegan food options.Now, on to desserts. OMG First of all, there were not just one or two vegan options. There were MANY options for cakes and cookies. I finally settled on three (yes, 3): 1- Hot Fudge Sundae Cake: I don't know if I should say anything, because I don't want to ruin the surprise for anyone. The icings were reminiscent of chocolate and vanilla ice cream, it had a chocolate ganache (the hot fudge), sprinkles, vanilla cake, and a surprise filling inside, which made me want to do back flips. So rich, I could only take 1 bite.2- Strawberry Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Cake: a chocolate cake, chocolate icing, strawberry, a chocolate chip cookie piece on top, and the surprise chocolate chip cookie dough in the middle. SO delicious and very rich; again, I could only eat 1 bite. You could easily split this with 4 people, or have enough to last a few days.3 - Lemon Raspberry Cream Cake: lemon infused cake and icing with raspberry. The perfect sweet & tart combination.The cakes were $6.50 each, and very much worth every penny. This place should be a "must do" on every vegan's list, esp those with a sweet tooth.They have their own little area with sitting just for their customers, and the employees were nice and very helpful.
5	Finally a mall food that doesn't make you hate yourself after eating! Fantastic, healthy meals, great for lunch. You can see the options in the cold case before ordering which helps the dreaded decision-making process because it helps you visualize what you'd be getting. Once decided, they heat it up/grill the panini/whatever last min garnishing you meal needs then they put it on an acceptable plate to serve it to you. Service is quick. Can't wait to try the cold pressed juices next time. Who am I kidding, I'll be back for the Red Velvet cookies.
2	The first thing I noticed about this place was the absurd prices. $5.50 for a regular latte. Okay,  I still ordered one. What a disappointment. I like strong coffee,  so their watery mix of coffee and burnt tasting milk did nothing for me. But maybe you're into that.
1	I declare this cafe as the coldest and most unfriendly place in Las Vegas.  And I have been here more than once and at their other location on Sahara.  And every time, I leave feeling totally flabbergasted and dumbfounded, how this place stays open and why people come here.  And let me tell you, I can make a better vegan red velvet cake than this place.
5	Wow,  the food was great!  I had the brown rice wrap with faux chicken.  Super good!  And the vegan cakes, YUM!
4	What a nice little vegan surprise in the middle of the mall! Better than I thought but not amazing! I got the taco salad and the dressing and seasoning made the salad. It would be nice to have a few more veggies like tomatoes in It though.
4	I've eaten here many times. You go up to the counter and place your order. the server will bring you your meal. Today my wife and I shared the Cuban press sandwich. It had grilled chicken, turkey, pickles, lots of mustard, low-fat chipotle mayo and low fat Swiss cheese. It comes with a small salad on the side. We chose to have the Chipotle Caesar salad dressing on the side. The salad had what I would describe as foofoo salad lettuce. The dressing was terrific despite the poor choice of lettuce. Sandwich was a panini. It was absolutely delicious. For dessert we got to a the stuffed chocolate chip cookie. The cookies were decadently good. This place is excellent quality for an inexpensive, very informal lunch.
1	I tried the vegan tiramisu, which is my favorite dessert.. I was actually quite disappointed. This dessert is supposed to be very delicate, light, airy, melt in your mouth. The one I bought from Red Velvet Cafe was very very sweet, very very sweet, it was like eating a spoon full of sugar. There was no moisture to this cake..sorry but I've had vegan tiramisu and this was not, this was not even regular tiramisu.
4	We drove in today from the San Francisco bay area. Checked into the hotel and did a quick search for nearby vegan food, preferably within walking distance from the Mirage. The Wynn had several options, but Red Velvet Cafe caught my eye. It was reasonably easy to find. It's a bit pricey for an informal mall cafe, but the food was really good. This is not a vegan restaurant, but you can order just about anything vegan for an $1 extra.I had the vegan Teriyaki "Chicken" mushroom burger and my wife had the vegan "Turkey" dog. Both dishes came with really nice roasted multi-colored potatoes. We ended up sharing since both looked good (and my wife seemed interested in my mushrooms :).My wife also had a vegan smoothie. The tab came to $36 not including tip. It was a very satisfying amount of food (those potatoes were very filling)
1	I bought the red velvet it was not fresh even though the employees said they just got it  and it's new. To me it wasn't fresh and it was really dry. It wasn't delicious at all. They have the worst red velvet I have ever tasted. Never going back there to order anything. I asked for refund and they said it will be refunded and it never did. Still waiting on my refund. Not worth buying this! If you are looking for the best red velvet in las vegas go to cake boss in venetian and freeds bakery.
5	Been a vegan for over 3 years. Can't speak for the savory stuff but the the pastries are fantastic! Got three different items and they are all great. Apple pie, red velvet cake, and blueberry coconut cream cake. So good!Highly recommended! :-)
1	We ordered an egg free cake for a birthday. The cake is delivered on time. That is my first star. Other than that, nothing is worth mentioning. The cake is hard as hell and the sweetness is not up to the mark. The texture is too hard to cut through. I had number of egg free cakes before this, but this is not even close. Never again am I going to give this a chance and I don't recommend this to anybody else.
