4	I was talking up this truffle and salt mix with my friend to which she mentioned how she had to have it. I told her they only sell it at W-S and made our way to this location. Staff was really nice and seemed very knowledgeable in the products they carried. There was never a hestitate to offer help as my friend and I spent 30 minutes walking around. Not quite the size of the San Francisco store (freaking 4 stories) as it was on the smaller size but they carried most everything you need for your modern day kitchen.
5	I have enjoyed every visit to this store.  Good staff and selection is the reason.  Their foods are expensive but very special.  Only the best kitchen ware offered.  The Virginia peanuts are the best.  I can only find the peanuts in WS stores.
5	I write so much about where I eat and what I eat that I really haven't paid homage to how I eat on a daily basis. Cooking, one of the love of my life. It is my stress reliever. If I wasn't a dentist, I may have chosen to cook for a living. Thank god for William-Sonoma I can do both and feel my sane. Some people love food because it taste good and it makes them feel good. But on a higher level, food taste better to me when I learn HOW to make it. That's a thrill for me. That's a prestige I truly admire. So it's given that I love Williams-Sonoma for it's one-stop-shop for gadgetries, cutleries, pots and pans, and anything related to cooking. They have a no-nonsense return policy which means you cooked a dish you didn't like, just return what you bought no questions asked. Buy knives here and they'll sharpen them for you when you need. I hated how my mom use to throw away her cheap pots and pans from Target because they started to rust and stick. Spring for better pans at Williams-Sonoma and get the LIFETIME GUARANTEED brand. I use to think TAXES and DEATH were the only guarantees in life. Now I can add my cookware to the list of guarantees.
4	As a food/ cooking junkie there are few places that excite me as much as William Sonoma does. William Sonoma is like a Toys-R-Us for the cooking enthusiast. Any and every high end utensil and gadget is sure to be found in their store as well as some of the best tasting seasonings and sauces available anywhere. One of the best discoveries I've made at W/S is their butternut squash puree. It is the key ingredient in making my butternut squash soap. They also have a great mulling spice for making hot cider for those holiday parties. The selection of Le Creuset cast iron cook wear is the best you'll find anywhere. Lisa and I have purchased several pieces of Le Creuset from William Sonoma and have been thrill with each piece.If you're a foodie you owe it to yourself to cruise into William Sonoma and check it out for yourself. Just be sure to fatten up the bank roll first!!
4	This is a homemaker's wonderland boutique that delights even those who are not so much into cooking.  (Such as myself.) While I do not really see myself purchasing half the specialty utensils, (and no, I'm not talking about the garlic press - those are common compared to the job-specific items located here!), it makes me wish that I had the know-how and tenacity around the kitchen to wield them with gusto!  But alas, all I can do is stare and dream.That aside, I love wandering through Williams-Sonoma.  The service is friendly enough for someone who really hasn't asked extensive questions, but won't harass you if you're there just to browse.  My main love when I go there is the La Cornue oven - talk about a gorgeous appliance that I've only seen located at the WS stores.   To me, at least, seeing the money spent to get such a quality stove shows they take the fine details seriously.Also, their sale section is pretty cool.  You can get some seasonal or "hot" cookie cutters in discount for SUPER cheap, such as Star Wars, Disney's Cars, or things that you know would make a great gift for someone in your life who is into that.  And who knows, maybe they'll make you cookies on a regular basis as well as a thank-you.  :D
3	Home cooks paradise not so much if you're a professional in the field. Nice stuff don't get me wrong but I can't believe they charge these prices. It may actually deter people from experimenting and having fun in their own kitchen. Thanks for the professional discount but I'll get my gear from the restaurant supply store at half the price.
3	I like checking out kitchenware shops and Williams-Sonoma is no exception.  Sure, it's pricey, but everything is so pretty! and smells good!  It's fun to wander around and imagine all the culinary delights that one could concoct with all of the (un)necessary gizmos and gadgets.  Service can be hit or miss.  For instance: one time I came in looking for a flan pan.  I asked the salesclerk and she did not know what that was.  Urm....you work in a kitchenware shop!  (Turns out the store didn't have any that day anyway.)  When I came in a few days ago, I was shopping for cutting boards and was guided efficiently, if a bit standoffishly, to the desired area.  However, the sweet lady who offered me a sample of the Thanksgiving stuffing was really nice and friendly!I will always enjoy coming in to see all the lovely expensive things I can't buy.  ;P
4	I love Williams-Sonoma.  I could spend hours in there. I just wish I had the funds to buy everything I want.  Instead, I spend a lot of my time in the clearance section, and there is always some great finds- whether they are kitchen gadgets, spices for the pantry, home decor, or other household items.  I stock up because they always make great gifts.  The staff that I have encountered have always been friendly and very helpful.  There are also cooking classes (for a fee) and complimentary technique classes offered at this location with tons of yummy samples.  *Yelp 100 Challenge: Review 29/100*
4	Rating is closer to about a 3.5, but I'm rounding up because of the proactive service, and the immaculately clean set-up, despite all the happy, candy-sample-fed children there. I frequently get gifts here, and they always get good remarks for packaging and quality. On this gift trip I was also looking for something for myself, and they took the initiative to call the other stores to check on availability without making a big deal out of it. It's surely an inconvenience, so I really appreciate that they so pleasantly did that for me. They also made sure to check stocks in the back. I definitely felt attended-to.The missing star for improvement is perhaps more product knowledge; many of the associates didn't have any answers for many products, and so could not give good recommendations regarding them. Many of the items are very specific, so I think it is important for the collective product knowledge to be very specific as well.
4	Four stars mainly because I want a MUCH bigger store!I cook.  I entertain.  I love having the right tool for the right job.  If Williams Sonoma doesn't have it, they know where it can be found.I find their specialty food items a bit pricey and fairly limited but I don't go there for that.  You can get your knives professionally sharped the 1st saturday of every month and I never seem to sharpen them correctly myself.   I also love the soap/handlotion sets (although truth be known Dawn works way better than their dish soap)  More than anything I like talking to the other cooks who work there.  I have never left without a question being answered, picking up a new idea, etc.Now one day maybe I will win the lottery and actually be able to afford that $400 Le Creuset Cast-Iron Oval Doufeu that I will only use once or twice a year.
3	I went in for a gift and the staff was just not that friendly and forget about asking for gift wrap.... it seriously took 18 minutes to wrap one box. I don't think I will be returning to this location, plus once the Summerlin mall opens Sur La Table will be getting my $$.
1	Williams Sonoma is generally pretty overpriced, I still shop there though because the customer service is second to none. I am willing to pay 10% above Amazon or another retailer for the piece of mind knowing that if something goes wrong I can return it to a store 2 miles from my house and have my concerns dealt with reasonably. I have shopped at WS for about 10 years. This particular store has been a disappointment though. I will only go over the two most egregious incidents. 1. About 3 years ago I wanted to purchase a polyscience immersion circulator- a not cheap piece of equipment for sous-vide cooking(it was roughly 900$). I called the store to confirm they had it, and then drove there. Upon arrival the same person who 15 minutes prior had told me it was available told me she didn't know what I was talking about- she did not know what the product was or remember speaking to me on the phone. There was none on display but I got another employee to look in the back and sure enough they had about 20 of them. It had been advertised online as coming with two bonus products (a 20l stock pot and a plastic tub that people often use for sous-vide). I was then told these did not come with the instore purchase (something I had asked the main office about) and that they were not in stock. Long story short 30 minutes and a few phone calls later and I got them. After about 3 weeks of use it became apparent that the device was not calibrated correctly- it was about 5 degrees C off. This is actually a pretty big deal so I brought it back and the people in store were like no go on the replacement or return. No reason given. I asked to see a manager and they said there wasn't one there. I left my information and was never contacted back. I called 2-3 times , never a manager available, never heard back from them. I ended up contact polyscience and they were horrified and immediately shipped me a new one before even asking for the other one back. 2. I purchased a Le Creuset enameled cast iron pan that I had ordered to the store. After getting a confirmation email that it had been delivered I went to the store and they said they didn't have it. They couldn't "find" it till two days later. I opened it up in the store and it had a fair amount of cosmetic damage to the outside. They tried to convince me that it wasn't noticeable/important and hassled me about wanting to send it back. I still shop there because it is close, but any customer service related issues I take things back to another store or call them directly. I have had less trouble returning something I bought at this store in another state without a receipt than I had returning something to them. (the item in question the employee immediately recognized as a WS exclusive and swapped it for me no questions asked).One other random note- as another review mentioned this is much smaller than your average WS store.
4	They have a person every Saturday to sharpen knives and I dropped all mine off.  What an edge!!   Even some of my old, battered blades were near-new and my better knives were downright dangerous.Williams-Sonoma has a new line of Global Knives i haven't seen elsewhere that has me drooling.  They are heavier and have a more ergo handle that is as easily washable.  Between the improved handle and extra heft... i'm afraid I'm going to drop bank slowly building an even larger arsenal of knives!!
1	I walked in the store Saturday night after dinner at honey salt and was totally ignored by the two sales women there.  I was one of three customers there.  Two other w women walked in following and were  greeted loudly.   I can only speculate that theses two were inadequately trained and new sales staff.  This was was the only time in these high end chain store that I was not greeted.
5	LOVE this place. Any one who loves to cook as much as i do needs to take a trip here. from baking goods to stemware you are certain to find whatever you need at Williams-Sonoma.
1	Not impressed.  Sales staff not very friendly.  Won't be back.  Sur La Table in Downtown Summerlin is much nicer and has a much larger selection of cooking items, with an beautifully appointed cooking school.  If I need cooking gadgets, Sur La Table will be my go to retailer.  Sorry Williams Sonoma.  If you treat your customers poorly, we have choices within close proximity now.
