2	I found a 2/1 coupon in the print edition of the RJ.  We dined at the Tropicana location approximately 4 years ago, but this was our first time at this location.  It took awhile for anyone to wait on us after being seated, but we eventually were served industrial taco chips and two bottled salsas.  Our cheese enchiladas were accompanied by the usual refried beans, dried out Spanish rice and iceberg lettuce salad.  The enchiladas were tasty, but everything else was very mediocre.
2	You are in Las Vegas.......there is alot better food out there......don't go here.The place is run down, the chairs are torn up.  My stomach was pissed for like 48 hours afterwards.  Alright salsa.
3	Chapala's Mexican Restaurant is a huge space where the interior reminds me of those El Torito Restaurants, but without the high ceilings and second floor.Standard tortilla chips along with two kinds of salsa, one hot and the other mild, arrived at our table soon after we slid into our booth.  The Husband order a platter that included a hard taco, flauta, and a chili relleno.  It was the first time he had a chili relleno, and unfortunately, it didn't leave a memorable impression.  His meal also came with a soup and coffee.I ordered the shrimp enchiladas dish and it was really good.  We were both pleasantly surprised by the plump shrimp in my enchiladas.  Slices of avocado and tomatoes, along with a dollop of sour cream, laid on top of my meal.  The gooey cheese all over my dish made it very good.Service was friendly, our waitress came by to refill our beverages without asking and also to see if we needed more chips and salsa.  We sat in a large dining room, but it looks like they have another room available for banquets.  Booths and tables are both available and there is a large parking lot.Overall, Chapala's was fine for Mexican food.  It wasn't extraordinary, nor as awful as the other yelpers have said.  Then again, we got one great dish and one oh-so average dish.They also offer an AYCE during lunch time, not sure when though.
3	I was a little hesitant about eating here given it's appearance but I would have to say the food and value made up for it.It is a dive restaurant with vinyl red booths and appears to be quite old but the food is pretty good.I ordered a fajita plate for lunch once and I've had their lunch buffet twice now.The lunch buffet is definitely the route to go being it is only 7.95! It's not massive in size but offers Chile Verde (pork stewed in green chile sauce), Chile Colorado (beef in red chile sauce), cheese enchiladas, beef taquitos, ground beef for tacos, beef/chicken fajitas, chimichangas (deep fried burritos), rice & beans, a small salad bar, and all the condiments. All the dishes were good except the taquitos were a little harder than usual but had plenty of shredded beef in it.I also was able to use the entertainment book coupon so a coworker and I got 2 for 1 buffet!Now, I wouldn't give good reviews solely based on price because the food would have to be palatable so for overall taste and value, this place is great.Again, the only drawback was the not so nice decor. Otherwise I would recommend this place.
2	Over all it wasn't too bad - I would give it 2.5 stars.I heard good things about this place, so when I was in the area thought I would try it.  Stopped in for lunch at 12:30 and the place was dead.  No customers at lunch is never a good sign.  It is a huge large restaurant with a full bar.  It was porbably nice 20 years ago and is in need of updating.  The hostess was talking on her cell phone when she seated us - bad manners.We walked in and they had a janky looking buffet but the food looked okay.  For $7.95 the price was right.  The food was about average - decent.   I had chile verde, beef colorado, chile rellanos...plenty of food for the money.Overall  -  This place doesn't blow my skirt up.  It wasn't bad just better options out there.
2	The food here was just not good.  I've had better Mexican at Roberto's.  There was hardly anyone dining when we went on a Sunday afternoon which I guess should have been a hint.  The interior is a little run down.  As another reviewer mentioned the cracked seats are in need of repair.  Service was friendly enough but I see no reason to come back to this place.  I took the majority of my food home and my four legged family did not complain so at least it didn't go to complete waste.
2	While the food was good it was disturbing to find an ANT in my drink!  All the restaurants I have ever had an issue of some sort a manager came and apologized, here I got no response at all.  I wasn't looking for a free meal just some concern about the ant that somehow got into my drink.
1	UGH.Some of the two star reviews are being far too kind to this place. If you took the food they serve up here and stuck it in styrene clam-shell containers it would BE exactly the same as the slop served up by Roberto's.Price was cheapish, but was very wet, under-seasoned and generally a nondescript mash of blah.Chips and salsas weren't great either, with the salsas tasting like cheap pasta sauce.One to avoid on the Vegas Mexican scene.
3	I eat at Chapala's about 3 times a month. Not because it's my favorite place, but because it's my parents' favorite place. My dad likes it because he gets 2-for-1 coupons in the RJ. My mom likes it because she thinks one of the waiters is cute.The food is average. I usually get the enchiladas verde which sometimes are great and sometimes just good. The quality does seem to vary from visit to visit.The albondigas soup is always very good.Tonight I tried the taquitos for the first time. I got mine filled with chile verde. They were just okay and not overly flavorful. I probably won't order them again. Though I have to admit that may be in part due to the fact that I have a cold which is hindering my sense of taste.My dad and my wife both like the Chapala's chicken (basically a roasted half of chicken), though my dad says it can be inconsistent.My mom is partial to the enchiladas rancheros.While the food can be inconsistent, I have eaten here many, many times and have never had a bad meal. At best you'll have a delicious meal. At worst you'll have an okay meal.
4	I went here for brunch on a Sunday, and though the place looks like a dive gaming bar from the outside, the inside is welcoming and the food is tasty and reasonably priced. They've managed to hang on for about as long as I've been alive, so they're probably doing something right.On Sundays you can take advantage of a real bargain with the aforementioned buffet ($7.95). I'm not usually a fan of all-you-can-eat since I usually end up spending more than I consume, but this is a good one. For eight bones, you cant go wrong.Selections included; shrimp ceviche; mole; chile verde; hominy soup; and cheesy roasted potato skins, amongst a handful of other more ordinary dishes. Everything was much better than I had expected. The ceviche was full of avocado and wonderfully fresh shrimp and the mole was fall-apart tender. The pork chile verde was probably my favorite.Dessert wasn't as impressive as the flan was mediocre at best. There was also something that reminded me of a caramel turtle pie. This was good, but so thick and sweet it was like eating candy. Next time I might splurge a little and get the tempting fried ice cream.Even with a do-it-yourself buffet, the service was attentive and kind. The experience overall was one I'd like to repeat, so I'll be coming here on any given Sunday to save some money, eat good food, and support our local mom and pop's.
5	Best margaritas in town!  Excellent service too.
4	I love this place for Mexican comfort food. Is it authentic? Who am I to say? Does it really matter? I like their avocado salad and the albondigas and their chiles rellenos are the best in Las Vegas (Supermex has the worst).  The chips are good, and the salsa is different - like a seasoned tomato sauce. I also like that if you order a soda, it comes with a festive fruit garnish.  Unfortunately, the iced tea (which is very good) doesn't have the same garnish. It is very dark and reminds me of family restaurants from the early 80s. They have a great waitress who is ALWAYS there. She is like a younger Mexican grandmother, which adds to the homey feeling.  You won't find Rick Bayless here, but there is room in the world for both schools of thought.
3	I enjoyed my visit. I would come again as I was happy with the food and service.I ordered the chicken enchilada and beef taco combo plate. I also ordered the usual must have of albondigas soup which was very good.If in the neighborhood will visit again however I won't go out of my way to eat here.
5	i love chapalas this is mine and my mans spot we always recieve great service but we do always ask for marta or manuel they are great i love there carne asada carnitas and chimis the margaritas are awesome as well prices not too shabby try it out!
3	We strayed from our usual spot and wanted to try another place to get our 5times a week Margarita and bean fix on. (lets just say our house is named house of constipation :)) I found this one on Yelp and I have passed it several times as wellFIrst off: dont let the outside fool you. You will find a pretty decent mex restaurant inside. The prices are really good! The food is ok, i have never been to mexico so I cant judge. But i have had better :) but its cheaper for sure, and cheaper beans for the gassy night is always better :)The margaritas are.. naja. thats german for so so. ITs ok :)
1	This has to be the worst Mexican food in Las Vegas!!!  I ordered the Chimichanga with Chili Colorado.  It was 95% canned refried beans and 5% meat.  It was topped with 1 black olive and a gigantic glob of sour cream, making it a soggy mess.  The chips were like styrofoam, and the salsa tasted like something from the generic section of Walmart.  The best part of the meal was the ice water.  The slop they serve at Taco Bell and Robertos is far superior to this place.  Other reviews talk about the Margaritas- if I had had enough of these, I might not care about the food here.  The only positive was the waitress, who was very nice and attentive.
4	I came here after I found a coupon in the paper. While I was looking through the articles I also read that they are closing this location down! The past couple of years I would just pass by now I wanted to cry in my Albondigas soup for not stopping by earlier. The soup was delicious it wasn't overly salty. They also serve chips and salsa while you wait for your meal. The salsa was sooo good! It is sweet and spicy and I couldn't stop eating it.  I ordered the garlic shrimp with rice. It was delightful and could taste the garlic and buttery goodness bursting from the shrimp. I will have to visit there east side location when I'm in the area.
