3	I just couldn't wait for this place to open, as I found the idea to be fascinating (being myself a cat lover). The ambiance is nice (I like what they did to the place), pretty quiet despite the amount of people there, and with lots of natural light.The menu was a little more pricey than what you'd expect a cafe to be! Smoothies $7.50 to $7.90 each! I decided to go for the banana pudding instead (it came to $6-7 with taxes) and...oh my! It's so delicious! Very sweet (it would have been nice if they had brought us a glass of water with it), but brilliant the accompaniment of salty caramel. The cats are lovely (of course!!), and they even have some kitties at the moment - so adorable!! They aren't however as into humans, as humans are into them. They sleep most of the time (like all cats), and one of the rules of the cafe is not to touch/wake up sleeping cats (kind of weird if you ask me, but also kind of understandable, I guess). That makes it so that the moment a cat wakes up EVERYONE runs to the waking cat to touch them/see them, and make all of those "oooooh", "cuuuuuute", high-pitched-noises. If you are a cat owner or someone who has had a fair share of interaction with cats you'll find it pretty annoying, especially if you happen to be sitting close to where the poor waking cat is sleeping, as within seconds you'll find yourself surrounded by a group of hormonal people.I guess I was expecting more of a living room type of feeling, homey, where a cat jumps on your laps while reading a book and sipping a cup of tea. No, not really. On the bright side, the space is amazingly clean (it feels almost a bit too sterile at times), and there is NO smell whatsoever of cat litter, which is great of course. I find one thing very weird. Their rules, which are advertised both beside the door before entering, and on each table. Aside from the rule about not touching/waking up sleeping cats, the weirdest one is "clean your hands before touching the cats", and they even have sanitizer around for you. Perhaps I am missing something there, which is why I don't understand this rule, but in all my cat-loving ears this thought never even crossed my mind. First of all, they lick their own bits and then wash themselves with that same tongue. Do we really want to talk about who's cleaner now? Second, I don't think my hands could ever be as nasty as to make a cat dirty, are you kidding me? Again, perhaps I am not understanding why this rule is in place (it's not like there was a lot of explanation on it either), but I find it a bit insulting. I doubt that people working at the SPCA or at any cat shelter will wash their hands before touching each cat...Oh! And keep in mind that they take cash only at the moment! ;)Nice place overall.
4	Was obliged to visit stop here for coffee with a friend. To be honest i am kind of glad i did. I ended up ordering a cappuccino which was not bad at all. I cannot comment on the food as we did not eat, but i get the feeling it wouldn't have mattered as ppl come here for one reason. To eat/drink while watching cats lounge around and walk by you like they own the place. I thought it was a pretty funny concept. The owner seems to work with a lot of animal shelters in the city which is a plus.  I don't mind paying a dollar extra for a coffee to keep a few felines fed. This place seems to get busy quick, worth another visit to try the food.
4	Not bad! Not bad at all. Pretty expensive coffees/smoothies and other drinks but overall a pleasant experience for me. My bf and I waited 10-15 min before we got a table, and that was good for an extremely busy Saturday morning. I really enjoyed my hot chocolate, it was rich and tasty. My bf's smoothie tasted non diluted, not overly sweet and fresh. And of course, there were the cats! We sat near Gustave, a cat that was lounging around near our table at the corner. I really liked the fact that this cat cafe had nooks and crannies/crevices for for the cats to hide and sleep in. My only complaint is that our food took FOREVER to get to your table. I think more than 45 min. It was crazy. I thought they forgot about us. However! My cat lady sandwich was excellent and the salad was tasty. It was a healthy menu and I appreciated that and the portion size not being too much. Nothing I hate more than huge huge portions.I would visit again for sure! And I recommend visiting here just to try something new if you're in the plateau area. Service was of course pretty decent as well,
2	It's a cute idea, but poorly executed. Let me start off by saying, I'm a cat lover far and away. Opening the door, I was greeted with stale cat stench, a combination of wet fur and old food. That is not a place I want to be eating food. There were also very few cats around. You can't disturb sleeping cats, and the other ones were all either occupied or disinterested. I saw on the wall, heading back out after my very brief visit, they have seven cats and are looking for three more. I don't expect this place to last. It needs double the cats and more effective odor control. Or stop selling food and don't bother mitigating the cattery smell. I see none of these things happening.
5	This is the first cat cafe I've been to; I was visiting Montreal from Vancouver.  Although this place was packed on a weekday night, it had good reason to be, as there are few cat cafes around.  I did not mind waiting for a while for a table, because I understand that everyone wants to see the cats.  The prices are fair I say, even though others may think it is a bit pricey; a portion of the money goes to supporting cats in animal shelters, which was also where the cats in the cafe came from. It isn't that there are few cats around, it's just that there are lots of people who want to play with cats, so the cats may be busy - so kick back and relax in the friendly atmosphere in the mean time.  Tip: Seize a cat toy if possible - the cats love it. And you can't blame the cats for not coming to you -  be friendly and not too laid-back if you want a cat to be interested in you of course.
4	Cool experience that I really wish we had in Toronto! I came here on a Saturday afternoon for lunch with my family. The place was packed full and there were two other groups ahead of us waiting to be seated, so we had to wait about 15 or so minutes. My first impression of the place is that it is quite small and also pretty cramped. Tables are placed pretty close together and there is not that much room to walk around, unfortunately. I wish there was more space for us to actually play with the cats. All of the food we ordered was delicious. I had the Cat Lady, which is a gourmet sandwich with fig jam, honey, goat cheese, cheddar, and caramelized onions. It sounds so simple, but it was so tasty, and the perfect blend of sweet and salty flavours. It also came with a very refreshing and fresh tasting salad on the side. We also ordered La Jardiniere, which was basically fresh seasonal vegetables on a piece of crispy fried dough, and Tartine du Jardin, which was another sandwich loaded with lots of ricotta, vegetables, grilled nuts, and peaches. Although I didn't try either of the other items we ordered, the general consensus among my family was that the food was very fresh, very delicious, and very filling. Everything on their menu is vegetarian, and they also have some vegan and gluten free options too!They own 7 cats, and on the day I went I managed to see 6 of them. The cat part is kind of hit or miss, because it's kind of luck of the draw depending on when you go. There were three cats awake when we first arrived, so we got a chance to play with them a little while we were waiting for our seats. However, later on they all fell asleep, so they weren't as lively and didn't walk around as much as I expected. It was a little disappointing for me, but what can you do. It is still a cool concept though and I enjoyed my experience.The cafe is very bright and clean on the inside, so it's really nice to be in there. I read some reviews about odours, but I didn't smell anything unpleasant at all. Everything on their menu is pretty pricey - lunch for three ended up being about $60! Two of us ordered hot drinks (hot chocolate and chai latte), and while they were both good, they were $4+ dollars each. That being said, if you are a cat lover like I am, this is definitely something neat to check out! If you are lucky you might encounter the cats when they are actually awake.
