5	Gay men, skip along to the next one.Everyone else should be at least moderately concerned about female breast health....I was a little concerned about my first baseline mammogram today, but let me tell you, ladies, it was nothing. Piece of cake. No pain, not even any discomfort. The office of BenOra was very nice, the staff was very efficient and pleasant, and the technology was top notch (digital as opposed to film). I was in and out in less than 45 minutes, including first-time patient paperwork. So even if you are healthy, current protocol is to have a baseline mammogram once between the ages of 35 and 40. The vast majority of the staff here is female. They do some other types of scanning as well as biopsies. I would recommend BenOra highly- they are complete professionals.
5	This lab is the very best, state of the art! Very efficient, professional and friendly staff, technicians and doctors. I had a lump I was worried about so they took extra pictures in that area and a doctor performed a sonogram and explained what we both watched on the monitor. I had peace of mind instantly. They really understand your stress! And there was no waiting for both procedures, the mammogram or the sonogram. I also had my bone density test in the same appointment and the tech gave me the results right then with advice about vitamins. The whole experience was fast, relaxed and painless. The best of the best. I felt so happy when I left because I didn't have to wait for a phone call and was treated with TLC.
5	I have been going for many years and I simply adore BenOra. They treat me so well here. usually I go on Saturdays and I have had the same woman every time. She actually remembers me. Today I went during the week and had another technician just as nice. She was most respectful, gentle, and treated me with the up-most dignity. In today's medical environment of crassness, and impersonal services this is a wonderful jewel in the rough place to go for all your woman's diagnostic needs.
