3	Strap on your spurs and mosey on over to the Saddle Bronc Grill.  Pickin's can be slim in Fountain Hills for good eatin' (at least that's what the locals tell me), but this waterin' hole can be a fine alternative to traipsin' all the way to Scottsdale or further to find a good meal.  Likewise, if you'd like a change of scenery and the somewhat cooler clime of Fountain Hills, well here ya go.  It was the latter that was true for me, my wife, and a few saddle sore compadres.What we found was a smallish eatin' place with a decent sized bar.  Lots of windows in the bar.  Not so much in the dinin' room.   A big group of 12 cow pokes took their time and we had to wait an hour for a table, though there was plenty of room in the bar if we'd opted for that.  The management was more than accommodatin' and checked with us often to make sure we were OK with waitin'.  Speakin' of accommodatin', when we were seated one of my pardners was having a bit of trouble with his blood sugar and our server got him some food - STAT - to help him out.  His quick thinkin' probably saved the evenin' for us.  Oh, and by the way, they comp'd that extra bit of food.  Mighty neighborly.The rest of the crew decided on meatloaf and a patty melt.  I was goin' to go for the broasted chicken, since it's been a good number of years since I've had it.  At the last minute I changed my mind and opted for the ribs.  I'm pretty particular about ribs as I've had some really good batches.  It's kinda my personal test of a restaurant that offers 'em.  If they can get the ribs right they're worth a second visit.Well, times a wastin' so here's the score.  The meatloaf got high marks from my two compadres.  They said they would have it again.  My wife told me the patty melt was "OK, but nothing special."  Well, what do you expect?  It's a patty melt.  The ribs?  Well, the sauce (I ordered the sweet rather than spicy variety) was tasty if not earth shatterin'.  The ribs themselves, though, we're so tender I never touched my knife or bothered to get my hands greasy.  I just poked them with my fork and the meat fell away from the bone.  Pretty tasty too.  I would probably rate it a 7 on my 1-10 Taste-o-meter.I will be returning to the Saddle Bronc Grill again.  If for nothing else to try the broasted chicken.  Heck, I'm smackin' my lips just thinkin' about it.
4	I was in town on business and just stumbled upon the Saddle Bronc Grill and I loved it.  They had 20+ beers on tap, with some local favorites.  I had the BBQ Pulled Pork sandwhich, with the sweet potato fries and it was excellent.  The best part was the bartender, Javier.  OMG, I haven't laughed so hard in a really long time.  My favorite beer was the Moose Drool, out of Montana.  If I'm in the area, I would definitely go back.
4	Good Food,  fun decor and good service.. Javier behind the bar can serve you a frosty tall one from the 20+ draft beers they have on tap.  Sit at the bar and keep your beer cold on the frozen chill rail built into the bar.. what the heck.. if you behave.. you just might get a small snowball fight going.. I mean very small... TACO TUESDAYS Rock !  Broasted Chicken,  Great Burgers and BBQ with a friendly staff.. My wife and I have been going there about once a week for months now.. getting to be a habit.. The owners, Mr. and Mrs. Morgan are there and ready to greet you, thank you for your business and answer questions.. Where else do you see that ?
4	3 of us girls stopped in on a Sunday after kayaking . None of us had ever been there before. We sat at the looong bar and had one of the best Bloody Mary's ever! Breakfast was also very good.Great atmosphere with plenty of tv's to catch all the games. A mixed crowdkept it lively with nice midwestern to N.Y. transplants. All of us happy to be here. i will be back again.
5	I actually worked here for a short time when I moved from Kentucky. It was brand new and the staff was so friendly! I found pretty quickly serving wasn't for me, but that happens. Javier was the most fun! He is such a friendly character and it's definitely better to visit when he's around.(: the owners are super friendly and accommodating when they can be. I still take people here when I know they enjoy good home cooked food. Especially my family when they're in from Kentucky. My favorite thing is the chili and cornbread. The cornbread is so delicious it is close to cake! The stuffed poblano also was delicious...not sure if it's still around. I can't say enough great things. Oh, an the view and bar are fantastic as well (;
4	Hold onto your ear muffs...this place was rockin'. Could hardly hear yourself think. Since we came late, we sat at the tall tables near the bar. Colin our waiter was friendly and made you feel at home. With five flat screen TV's spread along the bar, we watched the Cowboys sink the Bucs.We could hear the people in the other dining area. Seems everyone was having a great time there. I didn't see a dance floor 'cause I was expecting to see couples 'two stepping' or line dancing.I ordered a full rack of ribs and my wife had the broaster chicken. The meat from the ribs fell right off the bone. My two sides were mashed potatoes and mixed vegetables which were pretty good. The broaster chicken was tasty and juicy. I couldn't believe I ate the whole rack of  ribs along with a piece of chicken. One thing that was disturbing was that the owner DID NOT stop by our table to say Hello, but he did stop by the tables on our right and left. I guess if your not a regular there, you don't deserve a greeting and you are ignored. Shame on him. But this restaurant still deserves 4 stars.Even though its loud there, I'll be back to this place for some of their tasty grub.BTW, just a note, my ATT phone only had 1 bar and I couldn't check in at Yelp.
5	Awesome awesome awesomeness!!! I was in this town visiting from San Diego,Ca and saw this little place to eat. I like trying out small no big name places. I will say the food is by far the best I have ever had! I go out to eat a lot and out of all the places I have been I would rank this at the top of my list!  Great food and great service. Its all around a happy humble place. They have TVs everywhere so for the guys its great! Sports,news.... Awesome! Try the martini potatoes!  Yummy!
5	What a great place to hangout. Western atmosphere. Great music on weekends. Great beer selection. Good food. Large screen tvs for sports games. I'm keeping going back.
4	We really enjoyed this place. Lots of beer selections.  The bar staff was very friendly and greeted us immediately even though the bar was pretty full. A manager came up and let us taste test some beers they were deciding on which my husband thought was the cats meow. We had the spinach artichoke dip, yum! I had the broasted chicken which was pretty good and my husband had a full rack of baby back ribs which he said were the best ribs he's had in three years! He said they fell off the bone and he was able to get both the spicy and sweet BBQ sauce. We enjoyed our time here. Not a fancy place but good food, nice waitstaff, and about six good sized TVs at the bar. We'll be back :)
5	We love bbq and seek it out all over the country. This place stacks up with some of the best for sure!
5	My wife and I go there regularity with and without friends for a fast and reasonably priced good quality dinner.Te broasted chicken ( yes, broasted) is a must try if you have never had it before. The ribs just fall off the bone...delicious.The dinner salad is great. Lots of stuff in it.  Chile...excellent. The drinks are all good. TVs in the dining room. Everything is fairly priced, good size portions. Friendly staff. I gave it 5 stars because it is just what it is. A nice, casual place to have dinner when you don't want to cook at home.
3	I had the pleasure of stopping at this restaurant by chance after doing some bumping around in FH.  This is a pretty cool establishment.  When you walk in, there is a feel of a country western establishment.  At about 4pm on a Saturday, the place wasn't packed, but it certainly wasn't empty.  There were quite a few people in there.  My friend and I were quickly seated in the bar area at one of the high tops.  I quickly noticed the selection of beer on tap and ordered a yummmmy Kilt Lifter from 4 Peaks. For dinner, my friend ordered the Buzzard Wings.  I ordered the Patty Melt.  When our food came out, I immediately saw that the Patty Melt was on Rye bread.  I dislike Rye Bread.  I realized I didn't look at the description of the sandwhich.  Before I could even get out that I didn't see it on the menu, the server said, we can do it over with whatever bread you want.  Of course,  I thanked her for quickly getting me out Patty Melt on sourdough bread instead.  Both of these items on the menu were yummy to me.  The wings cooked in the broaster have a delicious unique taste to them.  I highl recommend these wings to anyone.  My Patty melt was also very delicious and savory.I enjoyed myself at this restaurant even though it is in F.H.  I would see myself going back to this place.  I'm a fan!
4	The food was good and the service was excellent. I took my mother there for lunch with a groupon and there were no issues. I would definitely return.
5	My wife and I go there regularity with and without friends for a fast and reasonably priced good quality dinner.The broasted chicken ( yes, broasted) is a must try if you have never had it before. Taco Tuesday - Fish Tacos are amazing The dinner salad is great. Lots of stuff in it.  Everything is fairly priced, good size portions. Friendly staff.I gave it 5 stars because it is just what it is.A nice, casual place to have dinner when you don't want to cook at home.Try it - it'll surprise you
1	This place sucks! We told the waitress when we got there we had limited time due to an important Mayo appointment.  We sat at the bar and watched while a couple that came after us got served and it got later and later. Finally after speaking up, she said she would check. We also had a to-go order that included 4 breasts ( which upon checking later was only 1 breast  and  some legs, etc.) so needless to say, we had to box up our lunches and hit the road. The fact that I had ordered the special of the day and watched it served to the folks that came after us when I get it  more than 20 minutes later just make it suck more! Yes we did order the chicken to go which yes I know, takes 20 minutes to cook... But to wait  over 45 minutes sipping a shit#y watered down coke and then paying for food that we had no time to eat and also paying for food that I did not correctly get, I would love to send you the tab! But hey, thanks for actually putting our food order in when you remembered NOT putting it in when we gave it! And yup, we noticed!
5	********** If you're a fan of BROASTED CHICKEN ....... This is "The Place" ***********I did a Google search for Broasted Chicken ....... I came across the Manufacturer  of the Broasters .... Walla ..... I discovered The Saddle Bronc.                   http://www.broaster.com/slocator.htmThe Chicken was scrumptious ....... I had the 2 piece with 2 sides ($8.99).They permitted me to eliminate the Wing ..... thus I had 2 breasts .... with no up-charge.They've got a bunch of other choices on the menu ..... along with 30 different Drafts on tap.Arrived at 6:30pm we were seated immediately ....... they already had a nice crowd.Since this was Saturday ...... Live Band ....... began at 8pm. The wait staff were exceptionally Friendly ...... a real nice plus.
5	I would give this place 4 stars based on the food alone. I had the ribs and their texture was awesome. I'm talking cliche falling off the bone delicious. They also had a nice little subtle spice to them. I'm also a big fan of the poblano mashed potatoes.The extra star, however, is for the owner. He came out after our meal was finished to see how our food was and spent about 10 minutes having a nice conversation with my party of 6. I'm sure he had other things he could have rushed off and done, but his personal touch really meant a lot. It's not something you see much anymore outside of ultra-high class restaurants.
1	Dont buy this lunch Groupon it is a total SCAM!!!  First of all you can only use it for lunch and the place is only open for lunch one day a week on Sundays through the summer until it expires. What a scam!!!! Second of all the service is TERRIBLE...the waiter is a complete idiot and handed us cocktail napkins with out food, no silverware, the food is messy....you need a STACK of regular napkins....obviously people with kids need A LOT of napkins...they had some party going on in the back so we had to sit at a pub table with our baby sitting about three feet below us in a high chair which was stupid and annoying....food is mediocre and underwhelming....service sucks. Groupon is deceiving and wish I never purchased from a business that is SO unethical to try to run such a SCAM!!! I will not be going back. I dont know why businesses do a Groupon like this only to seriously piss people off.
4	Stopped in for lunch and was pleasantly surprised.Western bar theme. Lots of good beers on tap. Nice menu.Good service. Busy crowd for Saturday lunch.Meatloaf sandwich sounds strange, but is delicious.Will be back.
4	Surprisingly shocked how good the food was here considering its a western bar. The meatloaf is to live for! Apparently there is an 83 year old man who goes in everyday just to make the meatloaf. Yummm
4	I have been going to this restaurant for some time and have only considered a review.the restaurants food is consistently good,  being well versed in the food industry I know the owners have gone above and beyond typical bbq fare.  the pulled pork is made from a great from scratch dry rub recipe and cooked overnight to make it melt in your mouth good. and the ribs soak in a wonderful in house recipe marinade before they are cooked too. they have Flat Iron Steak which is a rarity to find...new york strip Salmon and the grill is a great gas fired broiler grill for Chicken breasts marinated in a great from scratch recipe. the WOG is fabricated right there in kitchen.  More labor intensive and time consuming work is put into every part of the menu here than the average consumer reliezes.And broasted chicken WOW,,,just doesnt get any better.  Im sorry YES it does.  try one of the wonderful pies.. wow I beleive they are Rock Springs Pies...WOWIve have not had one bad eating experiance there.  Ive moved too far now and its over 50 miles round trip. but when I was in the area I did eat there.
5	Stopped there on a motorcycle ride.  They were slammed with 100 Bikers hitting them at one time but they quickly took care of everyone and the food was great!
4	In the remote Fountain Hills vicinity? Love to eat red meat in a rootin'-tootin' Western type joint? Enjoy live music?Yes? Well, then I suggest you high-tail it down to this local honky tonk watering hole.Steaks are by far the must-have of the menu. Their chili is killer too.Service is very friendly and patient. Oh, and check out the bar stools along the bar. They are leather saddles - very nice touch.
3	We've eaten here several times...we love theSBG burger and patty melt. Food has always been great. We didn't have the best experience last night. Yes, it was a Saturday, but we were there on the early side of the rush.  They need to have more servers during peak time. Our drink order was wrong and she didn't offer to correct it, we had to ask for water three times, the food took twice as long as usual and the server never checked with us during the wait to see if we needed anything.  And we got the wrong bill. We will not return on a weekend again unless its mid afternoon!
2	The bartender is great. Hustler, he should be managing the joint...the service for the actual restaurant...sucked ass!  Make sure you don't come too hungry cause you'll be waiting a while...food was moderate for most of our party, they ordered burgers and pulled pork special, I ordered broasted pork chop...stick to the burger and save some $
2	Haven't been here in awhile, the reason is the extremely boring and limited menu.  I am not really clear how they stay open, since there is nothing appetizing to offer.  I guess if I were 75+ and looking for a bland early bird special this might fit the bill.The menu used to offer a better variety, and maybe things have changed in the past couple months but they lost me after the last couple tries.
4	After a little too much wine during the Oscar's, I really needed a great burger, and found it here. The John Wayne burger was great; tasty, moist, and big!! Fries were great also. I feel much better now
5	My wife and I visited Saddle Bronc Grill for the first time this weekend (picked the place because we had a Groupon), and we were both very pleasantly surprised at what a great experience it was.  When we first got in we received a friendly greeting, and were immediately impressed with the cleanliness of the restaurant.  Decor was also fun and inviting.  Next pleasant experience came when we ordered our drinks.  Price was extremely reasonable, and mixed just right (I had a jack and coke tall pour for under $6).  Finally the food.  I had the bacon burger.  Had great flavor and was incredibly filling.  My wife had the chicken wrap which she also thoroughly enjoyed.  If there were a downside, it would be the food was a little slow coming out, but we were in no hurry and enjoyed the music and atmosphere.  Had we not have already had plans we would have returned that evening for the live band.  Next trip we'll be adding Saddle Bronc Grill to our itinerary.
1	bad
3	Great place great service and great food. The bar is a cool place to hang out and grab a drink they have draft beers some craft brews and standard miller, Coors, wine, cocktails. Menu consist of burgers, salads, steaks, etc. The dining room isn't very big but there's plenty of pub tables around the bar. The food isn't out of the world but if your looking for a place that isn't a Chilis, Applebee's, then this is your place. Their deserts pies are excellent brought in from an outside place in AZ.
5	Wonderful place. Everyone is very nice and great customer service. Me and my husband  come here at least a couple times a month. Food is always superb. Very laid back feel. One of the very few restaurants in fountain hills that I will keep coming to.
5	This place is great for Fountain Hills. We love the broasted chicken and the ribs are excellent! No kidding! Also kids color a picture and great free brownie ice cream dessert.... Oh don't get the nachos go to Mexican restaurant for that.
4	Stopped in on a Friday nite and was waited on by a terrific new bartender, Meredith. She was very prompt and personable. The broasted chicken is so good and you can't go wrong with their hamburgers either. This is a comfortable, friendly place to go.
4	Thanks to the owner who took the time to respond. The only  thing I can think of to make the restaurant-bar better would be to expand the menu. Thinking of a prime rib dip, chicken sandwich, Mac and cheese.
5	SBG burger soooo amazing with sweet potato fries in beautiful fountain hills Elliot very pleasant & awesome bartender
5	Great place! The chicken is amazing! Friendly staff! Live music... Wish they had a mixed drink menu!
4	We finally realized the thing that makes this place so awesome - there are so many- but in particular, it's the staff. To a person, they  each treat you like a long-lost friend. They have fun and make you have fun too.  And they really care that your food is perfect. Meredith took care of us tonight and we had tons of fun. Thanks Saddle Bronc. We remain raving fans.
5	This was probably the best fried chicken I've had this side of the Mississippi. Our waitress Hailey was super attentive and made some excellent recommendations. The beer selection was varied and exceptionally tasty. I will definitely be making a return visit.
4	Good Food,  fun decor and good service.. Javier behind the bar can serve you a frosty tall one from the 20+ draft beers they have on tap.  Sit at the bar and keep your beer cold on the frozen chill rail built into the bar.. what the heck.. if you behave.. you just might get a small snowball fight going.. I mean very small... TACO TUESDAYS Rock !  Broasted Chicken,  Great Burgers and BBQ with a friendly staff.. My wife and I have been going there about once a week for months now.. getting to be a habit.. The owners, Mr. and Mrs. Morgan are there and ready to greet you, thank you for your business and answer questions.. Where else do you see that ?
