3	Where is it written you have to look like a million bucks to have a million bucks..or at least enough plastic to shop here?  Every Cartier I have been in (that would be all two of them) have the same problem...snotty sales people, although I suppose they are called something more sophisticated.My girlfriend drove up from Flagstaff just to look at a bracelet.  Now granted, she also looked like she hadn't a dime to her name (she actually has at least a quarter).  The store had not a customer in sight...not one.  Yet one of the stone-faced security guards had to call over someone to assist us.  I can't say she was overly friendly until she caught a glimpse of my friend's bling (the girl drives a 15-year old vehicle but will spend an ungodly amount on jewelry).  Now, we were worth the effort.Although I wanted to scream "lady, you effin' work here, so cut the attitude" I refrained for my friend's sake.  The store is gorgeous as is the jewelry as well.  So less than 3 stars would be criminal.And no, my friend did not purchase the bracelet that day.  She loaded up at Louis Vuitton instead.  Then called Cartier and ordered over the phone as soon as she got home!  Who am I to judge, that gold bracelet is probably worth more than my retirement plan.
5	Squee!!! So stoked. After years, yes, years, of stalking this Cartier necklace, I snapped and had a massive impulse control issue that resulted in my purchasing not only the pendant but a bad ass chain to go along with it. It's gorgeous and timeless, like all Cartier. LOVE. Yes, the shit is expensive and probably carries a horrendous markup for the name, but the designs are lovely and the materials top of the line.I have to politely disagree with Heather regarding this Cartier location. While we are not exactly high rollers, at least in Cartier terms, my SO and I are always treated in a genuinely friendly manner every time we go. You'd think the visible tattoos and flip flops might give them hesitation, but no. Every sales person I have had the pleasure of working with has been kind and welcoming. Last night we all passed around our cell phones, showing off pictures of our cats. Totally the opposite of snotty. You're not going to get that at Tiffany's, people!
5	Cartier may be the last company on the planet to actually make an effort to show that they appreciate their customers. Mere days after I opened a so-called Red Card (their house credit card), I received a humongous package by FedEx containing a very kind thank you note and a lavishly packaged set of Cartier stationary. It may have cost the company far less than a hundred bucks to do this, but the effort speaks volumes -- they create a customer for life. Thanks, Cartier -- I wish more businesses took the time and effort to show their customers some appreciation.
5	This is by far the best experience I have ever had in a jewelry store. Let me say up front that I don't have a lot of disposable income. Starbucks twice a week is a stretch for me. I went into Cartier in the Scottsdale Fashion Square next to the Neiman Marcus just outside of Dillard's expecting the same treatment I get from the staff at Tiffany's - snooty and aloof. What I got was shocking, and unexpected. Granted, my boyfriend and I were the only people in the store, but as I approached the ring section, I expected to just gaze in awe as always without service, or at least, with a glare. What shocked me is that the salesperson came over quickly, smiled, and asked if I'd like to try a few on. "Sure!" I squealed. I'm not a diamond person, but I was enthralled to get this level of service. After gazing at a few on my finger, I thanked her profusely, as, of course, I thought she knew I couldn't afford it, but was being nice. She actually encouraged me to try on more and I ended up with a 2 carat sparkler on my finger, gazing at my boyfriend longingly. That, Cartier, was awesome. The grand finale was when, I thought it was all over, and this salesperson (who at that point had become as dear to me as a favorite girlfriend playing dress up with mom's jewelry box) brought over, on a pillow of black velvet, a 9 carat yellow diamond surrounded by two 3 carat white diamonds (yes that's 15 carats total) and said, "Why don't you try this one, too?" I almost cried. As I removed it from my finger and prepared to leave, she brought me a brochure of the most beautiful linen paper and photos and asked me to take it with me to see if there was anything I might like in the future. I am 27k, was wearing jeans (not designer) and had on no make up whatsoever. What Cartier gets, or at lest, this salesperson gets, is that a purchase of that magnitude is a long term investment that should be preceeded and followed by a positive relationship. I will never by anything from Tiffany's again. Cartier, it's love, and I'm in it for the long haul.
1	Worst "high end" shopping experience of my life. Terrible service and bad attitudes. Not to mention the return policy is a joke. I thought sold as is, no refunds was a policy of dollar stores and swap meets. Spend your money elsewhere. Overpriced, bad quality, bad service.
1	I have purchased many things from Cartier in the past, from when they used to be located at the Biltmore through their move to Fashion Square. I had ordered 2 rings to try on and was called while on a ski trip and told they were in the store. Sweet! So driving back from the ski trip with my 3 kids I was too excited to wait and stopped by. Now, we were still in our snow gear, having piled in the car from the sledding hill that morning, so definitely a bit gritty but we are previous Cartier customers and I did have on my Cartier avaitors and Cartier love necklace so it's not like I'm just there to waste time (and test my kids' patience). I was totally ready to make the purchase.The manager (?) was SUPER rude when I walked in and asked if I could see the rings that had arrived. She instructed me to sit down with the kids (ages 2, 4, 6) who I gave paper and pens to so they could occupy themselves while we waited. Now, my kids are not always well-behaved but this particular time they were being really good!My son decided he wanted to count the mints in the bowl (these are pre-wrapped mints, mind you). While I was trying on the rings that another saleswoman was showing me and just about to decide on which I was going to buy, the manager (?) swooped in and took the mints from my son! He was just counting them! He wasn't throwing them around, he was just occupying himself! This is after a couple of rude comments which just was the last straw.I was so taken aback that I took the ring off and left. I can't support a business that would be so rude to my child! I'm really bummed because I REALLY wanted that ring but I had to walk away. From now on, I'll order elsewhere or just get one next time I'm in Vegas or LA. Too bad, they were so convenient here.
5	We appreciate the very personalized service at the Scottsdale Cartier shop. The quality of the watches and jewelry needs no elaboration from me as it is a world standard; it's the people that make the difference and the staff here shines as brightly as the diamonds. Thank you, Cartier for making special moments joyful from beginning to end.
