1	*UPDATE*I went in to grab a red velvet cupcake, same as before, DRY, think about biting into a brand new dry sponge, that's exactly the way the cake felt in my mouth and not only that but I looked in the mirror and my mouth and teeth were all red....eeeewwww......No I did not eat the flower on top, this was from the dye added to the cake...somebody doesn't know how to make TRUE Red Velvet.I'll never go back here!-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I Just noticed this tiny place peeking out of the strip mall today.It's a really cute little Cake Cafe, my first clue was the name.Upon entering it smelled sweet, inviting comfy chairs, a few bistro tables a wall of gift items and A smiling host.I asked about the cupcakes in the display case, there were so many to choose from. Every fruit flavor and chocolate combo you can think of, only butter-cream frosting here though, No Whip Cream which is my Favorite. I decided on a Red Velvet and a Carrot Cake both with the cream cheese frosting. (see pics)They were good. Nothing spectacular or out of this world, more ordinary and bit dry. I definitely blow her carrot cake outta the water, outta the desert for that matter. But for $2 each it was a nice end to my earlier lunch.I don't know that I'll be rushing back, but if I'm desperate for dessert and am low on cash I can stop here and get my needs met.
1	This place is cute, but that's about it! Everything is made from cake mixes, nothing is from scratch, not even the frosting! Ew. You're better off going to safeways bakery than here to be honest.It's overpriced & poor quality, boring tastes and really they only have cakes..I'm a pastry chef, so I like to think I know what I'm talking about! ;]
3	I've been to this shop several times and while they are not spectacular they really don't deserve the snipey-ness of some of the other reviews.  Maybe not fit for a pastry chef - but hey, even if it is cake mix cake, I like cake mix cake so long as it's prepared properly. So I think that this is a nice little place to stop for a quick and relatively cheap treat.  Bottom-line, It's worth stopping by if you're in the neighborhood but I'll agree it's not necessarily worth going very far out of your way.
2	I really wanted to like this place.  I consider myself somewhat of a cupcake connoisseur.  Every time I visit a new place that has a cupcake bakery, I try my best to visit it and try a few.  I'm also a home baker, and I make a mean cupcake.  To put it plainly, I know what cupcakes should taste like.Unfortunately, they should not taste like the stuff that Cake Cafe puts out.  We stopped by one day after seeing a sign on a sidewalk with balloons attached.  After debating for about two seconds over getting cupcakes, we pulled into the parking lot.  Walking in was not a pleasant experience.  The decor reminds me of a twelve year old pre-pubescent girl.  Not a good thing.  There are way too many non-cupcake related cheap gifts cluttering the right side of the decent sized bakery.  I ordered a peanut butter chocolate cupcake, my usual, and the husband ordered a chocolate mint cupcake.  My chocolate cake was dry and tasted off.  Other reviewers suggest that this is because they used cake mix, and I have to agree. That's probably it. The frosting however, I liked because it was super sweet and peanut buttery. The grainy texture was a little irritating, but the flavor was still good. Opponents of super sweet will not enjoy these. The husband also had a chocolate cake and the accompanying "off" taste. He also wasn't sure if the mint was in the cake as well as in the frosting. He enjoyed the frosting but remembered the far superior cupcakes we had enjoyed at Yummy Cupcakes in California previously.I may go back here.  It's hard to resist a cupcake when you don't have to make it yourself.  Maybe they were having a bad day when I went.  I am willing to give them a second try.  Cake Cafe, please don't let me down.
5	I tried SprinklesI tried Tammie CoeI preferred Cake Cafeand... at $9.99 for 6 cupcakes... they're price is right!  Huzzah!Actually, I took Cake Cafe cupcakes one week to a party, then a few weeks later I took Sprinkles cupcakes to a party with the same group of people and everyone was disappointed in Sprinkles and wanted Cake Cafe cupcakes back!I personally like the bluberry and raspberry chocolate cupcakes the best.Deeeelish.(PS, I don't give a crap if they use mixes or whatever.  The end product is all that matters to me)
4	I spent a few minutes reading the other reviews and had to take a moment to write my own... I love this place! Many of my friends love this place! The lemon cake/cupcakes are amazing (from a mix or not), and the frosting is lite, not too sweet. More than that, the designs on the cakes are great! I don't know another shop that writes on cakes as well as this one. The owner/designer does a great job on pictures as well. She designed a Papa Smurf cake that was perfect! She does the best poke-a-dot cakes! She wrote the following phrase perfectly on another cake:"Do you remember when you were ten and tiny, twenty and twiggy, thirty and thriving? Now you are forty and foxy". (My friends husband wanted this phrasing)She is designing another cake for me tomorrow night... she does a great job! Her customer service is amazing and I will continue to go to this shop for as long as it is around! I gave it a four only because I don't give out fives. I have been going here since it opened and I encourage others to visit as well.
5	I am gonna have to say this one is the best. I have had Sprinkles, CupCakes, LuLu's,  Tammie Co, and this one is the best! Today(monday) they had a $1 cupcake sale...cant beat it! their cakes were soooo much moister than the competition and just fluffy goodness. I am going to have to make this my cupcake stop...and find out which days they have the sale goin on. We got 5 cupcakes for 5.60! You can't beat that!!HOWEVER, I will say...the red velvet does not compete, pass on it. I recommend the chocolate with vanilla  and sprinkles and chocolate coconut.
4	I have always passed this place and wondered. What if...? What if you can really get a tasty cupcake in Ahwatukee reminiscent of those trendy NY joints? What if my sweet tooth could meet its match in a place closer than Wicked Bakery (RIP)? What if?... Well today I had an emergency appointment with the chiropractor next door (see my upcoming review for Dr. Peter Nemanic, D.C.- he's good). On my way out and halfway to my car I turned around and entered the Cake Cafe. I do have to agree with previous reviewers concerning the decor. It's as if a bottle of pepto exploded. I stepped gingerly to the counter to inspect the (limited number of) cupcakes available, while trying my darnedest to avoid the pepto that may or may not be dripping from the ceiling. Don't worry- it seems that there was never any real danger. I looked longingly at the German chocolate confections, at the vanilla with chocolate, at the chocolate with vanilla. Different colors, different decorations, each proclaiming the sweetness held inside, waiting just for me. After looking over the kichy kichy gift items (I totally would have bought a coffee mug here if I hadn't purchased one last week), I paid my $2.17 and walked out with a smile and a red velvet... that treasure trove of delight just waiting for the post-dinner confectionery carnage. Maybe some things have changed around Cake Cafe in the past year. If you'll notice, most of the poor reviews are around the same time. All I can say is that I am not a pastry chef and I can not make cupcakes from scratch in my own home, but I do know what I like. The cake was moist and flavorful. The icing was light and sweet . Unfortunately I chose to share this delicacy with the hubski. Oh he liked it- it's just that the cupcake was gone twice as fast as if we had each had our own...
4	For a long time I had thought about stopping by this place after working nearby and shopping in the area. But it was not until a customer gave me a coupon for them that i finally made the effort to drop in and check them out. Oh was I so happy when I finally did. This place has wonderful cupcakes in quite a few different varieties. I am not sure what all these other people are complaining about for variety. Like how many different types of cupcakes do u need? They sell regular size cakes and even mini-cupcakes as well. Through out the shop they have gifts of foodie items and other cutesy items for sale. I really like this place and have been there many times and I really  LOVE the cupcakes. If you are in Ahwatukee be sure to stop by here for a delicious dessert.
2	crisco frosting....way too sugary for my tastes and some of their stuff tastes really artificial.
5	I am a huge fan of Cake Cafe.  And yes, I've had Sprinkles and they  don't even compare to Cake Cafe cupcakes and cakes. They are less expensive too at $2 a cupcake.  They are really tasty, sweet, moist, and there is much more of a selection of flavors.  There is also a flavor of the month.  I read a review about the atmosphere and I think it's quite quaint and down to earth.  I  NEVER buy cupcakes/cakes from a grocery store any more.   I live in north phoenix and drive to Cake Cafe practically every month, it's well worth the drive!
3	My Sister had recommended picking up some cupcakes for my Dad's Birthday Day.  Of course, it was a plus since she had a coupon for $1.50 each.  It is a cute little place, but not much to offer.  I had selected eight different cupcakes.  Blueberry, Red Velvet, Carrot, Strawberry, Chocolate Cherry, Pina Colada, Peanut Butter, and Lemon.  They were very moist, but the creams are too sweet for me.  Overall, I would go back to try their other goodies.
3	I'm on a mission to find the perfect cupcake.  Yesterday, I tried the peanut butter cupcakes from cake cafe.  They were pretty good.  They didn't blow me away, but I ate the whole thing without question, so it wasn't bad, that's for sure.  I don't know if I am just not a sweet-tooth kind of girl, or if these were just ok.  I won't know the answer until I try more cupcake and dessert makers.  Either way, the girls behind the counter were very helpful and friendly.  They even have coffee drinks too!  Great place to grab a sweet bite and a caffeine fix.I guess the research continues . . . this is going to be fun!!
1	not worth it! taste rubbery...
3	I go to Cake Cafe when I'm craving a cupcake, not an amazing  cupcake though.They have a decent variety but nothing outstanding. The cupcakes look kind of homemade, at least not what I expect from a store that specializes in them. Good thing is they're not expensive and you can find coupons in the mail.
4	It's pretty hard to mess up a cupcake. Although, there are definitely ways to make a cupcake amazing. When I want an amazing cupcake I will go to Sprinkles. if I want a cupcake that's pretty good, can't complain about it, I may go back to Cake Cafe.This place is a little bit hidden in the mess of stores that is the area of Ray Rd. and I-10. It's a small but cute shop with a few tables inside. They have a wide variety of cupcake flavors and they are only $2.00 each which is a huge plus. They also serve coffee drinks if you're into that. They had some fun flavors like peanut butter, pumpkin chocolate chip, cherry, and blueberry. I chose the white fudge which was white cake with a fudgy frosting. The cupcake was good. It had a homemade quality to it but not a homemade from scratch quality - more of a homemade by way of Betty Crocker cupcake mix quality.  I did like the frosting and I'm pretty picky about frosting. It was nice and fudgy and not too sweet. The cake itself was moist, tasted fresh and had a good flavor.Overall I would go back, especially if I wanted to get a bunch of cupcakes and didn't want to empty out my bank account at Sprinkles.
3	I get turned off when I visit a business--a bakery--on a Friday and ask if I can order about 3 dozen cookies for Monday and they answer with a:"No we can't." *crickets*WTF? Aren't you a bakery or is this a front?And then it hit me, this bakery only makes cakes and cupcakes. Cookies are not in their repertoire. However, I ask myself, "Then why do you sell cookies?"It's clear that this is only a cupcake/cake store. That's all they make in the premises. They do sell other baked goods, too, like cookies and macaroons and rice krispies treats and caramel popcorn but clearly, these products are ordered elsewhere.Then why didn't the staffer explain that. Instead, I was met with the "No, stupid" look.Anyway...I have ordered dozens of cupcakes here...dozens! Not for me but for my clients' clients. Never really tasted any of them until this unfortunate Friday. Of course, I ordered my favorite, red velvet cupcake. My companion--an espresso cupcake.I must say that the espresso cupcake was very good. The taste of espresso can definitely be tasted and the moistness of the cupcake was up to par. Espresso-infused buttercream frosting topped this creation, which made the espresso cupcake creation true to its flavor.The red velvet cake, however, was disappointing. In all seriousness, it was just some bland tasting white cake that was given some red food coloring...blech! Where's the hint of dark chocolate? And is that supposed to be cream cheese frosting? Probably not. The frosting was nothing more than buttercream, which is such a bummer. Classic red velvet needs cream cheese frosting, in my humble opinion.As far as presentation of cakes and cupcakes goes, it is alluring and appetizing. And this is exactly why I come here and purchase cupcakes for my client's cllients. The cupcakes look enticing and a feast for the eyes. I'm sure the other flavors of cupcakes are just fine--good enough to give as gifts.But the red velvet cupcake...heck, go to Fresh and Easy and just buy theirs in the refrigerated section. It's better.
4	I have since been back numerous times and I have had fairly consistent experiences. Sometimes the cream cheese icing seems more buttercream than cream cheese, but that does not often happen.I do have to say that the chai latte served is fantastic. I may not know cupcakes, but I do know chai.
3	I love the German Chocolate cupcakes!! Honestly, best cupcakes I've ever had and such a yummy variety to choose from. It's a cute place and nice to go there for a treat as an alternative to getting ice cream! Would be a fun "daytime date" place or even take the kids after school!
5	I ordered a tiny wedding cake from here when my husband and I eloped- it was not only beautiful, but delicious too!!!
4	Cute little shop right near all of the shops on Ray Rd. The German Chocolate was wonderful. Prices range from $2.50 to $3.50 for a fancier cupcake. Lots of wonderful flavors to choose from. I'll be back :).
2	The boyfriend and I went here the other weekend while out n about in the Chandler area.  We were looking forward to a little sweet after lunch, and... well... we got a LOT of sweet.  Way too much, in my opinion.  He had a peanut butter frosted chocolate cupcake; I had a simple chocolate cupcake with white buttercream frosting.Well, they called the frosting 'buttercream', but tasted more like moist powdered sugar.  There was none of the richness I expect from buttercream frosting; it was simply a sugar bomb.  Have you ever seen a dog trying to eat peanut butter?  How they lick and smack and lick and smack some more, until it is all gone?  The boyfriend and I were like that after our cupcakes as we tried to get the sugar coating out of our mouths and off of our teeth.  Perhaps most telling: we arrived shortly after three little Girl Scouts and their mothers.  Each little girl had a cupcake.  One of them took a bite, chewed it with as much relish as a kid eating lima beans, stood up and deposited the rest of her cupcake in the trash.  Honestly, folks, you can do better from Fry's or Albertsons, for a fraction of the price.
2	I wish they had a better variety. The staff is great
5	I first visited the Cake Cafe when I was looking for a cake topper. No other place would sell me a topper without the cake! I was getting married out of state, so ordering the cake would not work. The owner was wonderful. She showed me her book and offered to order one for me with no mark up! Since then, we have come back nearly every weekend. This is a much better value, and flavor than Sprinkles! I will continue to be a loyal customer. I have never been disappointed and am confident I never will be! I have tried almost every flavor, ordered for work, as well as order cakes and a pie! My son loves the Macaroons!
3	Nice place , cupcakes were good and coffee was ok....
1	Stopped in last Friday to get my favorite cupcakes and they were closed up; signs removed and nothing inside.  I am sad that they went out of business.
4	I really enjoyed working with the owner.  Cake Cafe did my wedding cupcakes.  She arranged a tasting for me and my mother, gave us full sized cupcakes of every flavor she offered.  I chose 3 different flavors that were delicious; red velvet, chocolate peanut butter and strawberry.  I asked for fondant decorative pieces on top of the cakes, but she didn't know how to do what I wanted.  We went with a simple initial written with frosting on top.  Prices were sooo reasonable and if I remember correctly she did not chage me for delivery.  She delivered on time the day of the wedding.  My guests enjoyed the cakes as well.  Sad to learn this placed has closed.
