3	We sat here waiting for our plane to return to Brooklyn.Food wasnt too bad. My friends enjoyed the beers.Honestly, what made the place was our server Nikisha. She did a great job handling all them tables by herself.
3	A bit pricey, which is to be expected in an airport, but the food was so-so.
4	Strictly a beer review.....had a couple of Copper Ales while waiting to fly back to Boston....they are very good. A great beer that isn't too sweet or hoppy...a nice clean finish with just the right amount of carbonation. I wanted to try some other beers but it was hard to stray from this great ale.
4	I would give this place five stars for the simple fact that the counter girl carded me (but I have a steadfast rule about giving 5 star reviews) The last time that happened gas was 50 cents a gallon, oh bless her little heart. Anyway I am a fan of craft beers and this was no exception. I would have tried them all but as I was waiting for a plane I figured discretion was the better part of valor. I did try both the copper and blonde and was not disappointed at all. The copper was full bodied with a bite and the blonde light with a slight citrus finish. Outstanding. I might just have to make sure to book a fight again with a lay over here so I can try the rest!!!
4	Excellent craft beers on tap !  What more do ya need in an airport bar.Food is surprisingly good...and appears to be very fresh..Charming ladies behind the bar.
3	Great airport bar that is quick and easy...and good  Def recommend if your waiting for a plane outta charlotte!
4	We arrived at the Douglas Int'l Airport around 6 am..... one hour prior to booze sales ugh!!! AND 3.5 hours until our connecting flight was scheduled to board. However the airport is very nice and we milled around until it was appropriate drinking time. We bellied up to the bar and were greeted with a very nice bartender. He chatted up the boyfriend about sports and tried to keep the crazy lady next to me from being too annoying. We had a few tasty bloody marys and then were on our way. We didn't have any food, but it looked as though they bake their own bagels fresh, and being there so early we had the pleasure of smelling them all morning. You have to try one if you are there. They have to be good!
4	The bartender was cool and service was quick. This is better than the average airport food, and they boast some local craft brews. It is great for a quick bite before rushing to meet your connecting flight. I would recommend the BBQ...I mean what is more Carolina than that?
4	Best place I've found to kill an hour or two at CLT. Just sit back and relax with a nice local brew and a BBQ sandwich. Also got good service from the cheerful bartenders.
4	I just spend five days "down south."  I live in the Pacific Northwest.  The past five days have been the longest I have gone without an IPA for 5 years.  Caroline Beer Company had an IPA on tap.  It was amazing.  Not sure if I would always feel this way, but at the time it sure hit the spot.  I had a salad to eat and it was pretty good too.  The place was clean and priced accordingly for an airport restaurant.  A great place to kill a long lay-over.
2	Think the food will be good... If it ever gets here. One waitress working a crowd of about 100 customers. I get that it must go in spurts due to flights, but this is extraordinarily bad. Don't come if you're hungry.
2	Too expensive for below quality air terminal cafeteria food - they have a large location but all the menu items are seven dollars over priced.  More annoying is that they burn bread hourly and smoke up the hangar sized gateway.
3	Food sucks, but they have some local craft beers on tap. The only excuse to come here is if your gate is close by or you need to sit within a short distance of your gate.
3	Great to have NC crafts represented in the airport.  Great work.  Cleanliness at the bar was eh.  Tons of glasses waiting to be washed.  Only 4 craft drafts.  Two of Charlottes Olde Mecklenburg copper and fru bock, a Catawba (Morganton) IPA, and Carolina Blonde.  Clearly an offering to the uneducated.  No stouts or porters.Last, NO Asheville beers.  You can't spell Carolina without an A...and that means Asheville!!!  Beer City 3 time champ...not represented ... Hrrrrrrrrrrrmmmmmmmm
4	Great bagels ... Efficient Service....great choice for airport food... Connecting flight to  Dominican Republic escaping the never ending Minnesota winter ... Cheers
3	Expensive stop for a drink before boarding. It was situated in front of our gate so we could keep an eye on the lines for boarding so the convenience was lovely. But bring some cash money... $15 for a cocktail. We ordered the Hanger One Chipotle Mary (spicy bloody mary!) and Gin & Ginger. They were heavy pours so I suppose we got some bang for the buck and a hangover mid-flight.Sit at the bar for quick service. Lots of craft beer options at the bar too. Wish we could have stayed for one more to sample some local CLT brews.
1	I'll keep this short. I've never given anything lower than a 3, until now. If I could give less than 1 star I would. I sat down and waited for over 30 minutes and not once did a waitress ask me what I wanted or even acknowledge me at all. How does that even happen?
1	I have never written a review on yelp. I actually signed up for yelp simply to write this review. I have been to some of the best and worst places all over the country. I travel quite a bit. The service and unfriendly staff needs to be fixed. Waited 20 minutes before someone even looked at me. The chili was awful. But the beer is fantastic. Awful service!
4	Just had a bowl of soup, but the OMB Copper Amber Ale is delish!!  Quick, friendly service :)
1	Absolute trash. Stopped by here to kill some time before connecting flight hoping to get at least a decent breakfast in the airport. I was under the impression that this place was a restaurant due to the menu's and sit down style, however I don't think they even have a stove in the back. The food was rubbery and disgusting, reminded me of what I spent a whole year dreading every morning in the freshman dining hall at my university. If I were you don't do it. Just wait until you get on the flight the food there will be better.
