4	Located in the district of Plateau Mont-Royal, this charming spot has the biggest eclectic menu I've ever seen for a mom and pop restaurant.  It's almost as big as SF's Cheesecake Factory menu.  My cousins chose to dine here to relive their childhood.  The restaurant has been there for as long as they can remember and the food is still just as good.  The interior is casual (think picnic tables), but boasts a rustic feel with brick walls and the aroma of wood fired pizza. They are well know for their pizza and authentic Greek Food.  We ordered an appetizer dish with a variety of dips- but it is the tzatziki that I still yearn for.  It has a creamy thick consistency with the right amount of salt and not too watery like ones I've tried before.  I can still remember the tanginess of the garlic and yogurt, and the cooling sensation of the cucumber on a spongy homemade pita.  Can't say I was too kissable after devouring the loot :(  My sis and I also shared the Chicken Souvlaki which was perfectly fork tender, succulent, and extremely satisfying when dipped in tzatziki.  Service was excellent, dishes are reasonably price, and the restaurant is spacious enough to accommodate large parties.  I am definitely coming back to try their famous pizza.  You know what they say, you can tell how authentic a Greek restaurant is by how good their tzatziki is.
4	I love this place. It's not the most amazing food you will ever eat, but it's good and the portions are huge. So big that if I have a burger or wrap I always bring half home. They encourage sharing, so you can order a bunch of plates and eat family style. The pizza is a good choice for a group.  Bring along a bottle of wine (it's BYOW) and you're set.  The staff are friendly.  During warm summer days (and evenings!) the terrace is a good option for people watching.They also do delivery and takeaway, so if you're feelng like some souvlaki or a pizza (I highly recommend the spinach/shallot/feta), just call them up et voila!
4	Terrasse Lafayette has a wide sunny patio on a leafy residential street in the Plateau Mile End area, and specializes in large portions of generally super satisfying Canadian comfort food. These days we don't live next door so we're more likely to order in than mosey down, and our order of choice is usually the Lafayette Special lasagne (or switch the noodles for penne or whatever you prefer.) It's oven-baked, the regular size is mega, and the large has got enough cheese, mushrooms, pepperoni, bacon, smoked meat, green peppers to get you through a couple of those long, cold Canadian evenings well fed. Bonus - one time when they were particularly busy and our order took a long while to arrive they immediately offered us a gift certificate for our next order. Very thoughtful and much appreciated!
4	Awesome. Reasonable prices and excellent food.Can be noisy sometime but you can't blame the staff for that.
1	Absolutely disgusting place. The only reason this place is so popular is of that large terrace, and that's it. The food isn't even sub-par, it is just really plain and boring. The sandwiches from the laundrymat across the street (Blanc de Blanc) are way better value then the jail house slop served at Lafayette. What an overrated dump.Oh and Georgia, the old crabby waitress that works there... She gets payments from the CSST. She doesn't seem that injured to me. I guess there are perks to having a family run business.
1	To be fair, the restaurant apparently has a new owner and is presumably under new management. So I do not know if things have changed but hopefully they have.
2	The place looks attractive from the outside and the inside. It was not full but a bit noisy on a Friday night, so we sat down on the (quieter) heated patio. The meal started well, with good bread and fresh salads. It went down from there. Overall, serving smaller portions of higher quality food would be the way to go.We had spanakopita as a starter. Three pretty large pieces -- glad we ordered just one plate for two. It looked like a "pocket pizza". Too much "cream cheese"; I don't think it was feta. I missed the light layers of phyllo crust we should have gotten. Then we had the regular (beef) gyro and the chicken gyro, served with potatoes and rice. Potatoes were more like fries. I did not feel like having something that fat, I ate just a few pieces and was disappointed. The rice was not impressive--and the chicken gyro was not either. My husband liked the meal better than I did--I think he had read reviews of the place beforehand and his expectations were not too high. The service was good, the pace of the meal was good too. But I don't think I'll go back.
4	This was my first time here and I was not disappointed. I really enjoyed it. My boyfriend and I shared a pikilia plate which was FANTASTIC. I had the Greek grilled chicken salad which was super tasty. Service was great. Friendly staff. Good food. Byow. Not expensive. What's not to like??
5	I live about a minute walk from here! It is my late night resolution to cravings. The restaurant has a wonderful ambiance and looks very classy- wine glasses and white cloth napkins. Although it is great for casual dining too! There is an awesome terrasse outside that is perfect for summer!  The menu is very eclectic and the portions are extremely generous! The food is quite good! I recommend it!
4	Awesome BYOW. The pizza is great. Actually everything I've had has been good. Give it a shot. For the money you can't go wrong.
