5	Happy to be the first review on Bagel Bin since I've turned a lot of people on to this place.  Its kind of hidden but if you're in Ballantyne its worth the minute or two extra drive to get away from the chains.  Great bagels that are being baked fresh throughout the day in small batches to keep them fresh.  The sandwhiches are HUGE they really pile on the meat. They use Boar's Head meat which is delicious if you haven't heard of that brand.  I get the roast beef with the horse radish sauce on an everything bagel everytime I go.  The people there are great and really take care of you.  Definitely go to this place!
5	No bagel place in Charlotte reminds me as much as the bagels of NY and NJ than Bagel Bin. They have salt bagels and they continuously make bagels on weekend mornings so if they run out they usually make more. Salt Bagels are my favorite and not often found but they always have them here. Tried the Hawaiian last time we went and they were light  and tasty.
2	Please let the record show that I really wanted to give this place a 5 star rating. Walking distance from my office in a small shopping center, I was encouraged by the snug seating area and smiling face behind the counter. They've got a $5.99 lunch deal, so I ordered the Reuben (it was good, but a little thin on the ingredients) but it turned out that was the 1 sandwich not included on the lunch deal (my fault for not looking at the fine print!). The sandwich did come with a pickle spear and it was nice and crunchy! They have a fountain drink area, as well as bottled drinks and a decent chip selection for sides.The real negative to this place was that the smiling face behind the counter who took my order, made my sandwich and checked me out told some highly inappropriate jokes along the way. :( Nothing like feeling uncomfortable while you're on your lunch break. I understand that with little places people's personalities shine through and it should be part of the appeal, but sexual innuendos and creepy jokes just don't fly with a customer who you've never met and who let you know this was her first time in. I'll admit that it really grossed me out so much that I won't ever go back and that's a serious shame since I'm so close to it at least 4 days a week!
4	Excellent bagels!!  Service is always great.  Anytime I go I leave with a dozen bagels, half of which are the Hawaiian (they're delicious).  My kids love the chocolate chip bagels.
1	Absolutely wretched. We came around noontime on a Sunday and there was only a handful of customers.  The workers behind the counter were careless and untimely with the food prep process. I ordered the Reuben and the bottom half of the sandwich was a soggy mess. When I brought the issue to the attention of an employee I was literally given a slice of toasted bread. I even had to peel the bread apart to fit to the size of my split sandwich since I could not find a plastic knife- extremely poor service.  They didn't even bother to cut the bread in half for me!  It seemed like there was a rather large amount of call in orders since most of the food was going towards take out orders.  I waited around 15 minutes for my food.  The servers also were not knowledgeable nor attentive about our orders.  My friend was asked 3 times whether he wanted the $5 or $8 special when there was only one price listed on their chalkboard.I would never come back here again.
4	Great Bagels, good sandwiches, good deal.  They have a great lunch special for a sandwich bagel, chips and a drink for like $5.99.  They take time to run the bagel through the toaster enough so that it is actually toasted rather than just warm.  They pile on the correct amount of meat in proportion to the amount of bread, which is a delicate line.Not always the fastest place in the world depending on who's working, but the food ends up making up for it.
5	Love the bagels and I have never had problems with the service.  Worth the money!
2	I wanted Bagel Bin to be good--I really did. I live right down the road, and a good bagel place would have been awesome here. Alas, this is not that good bagel place. The bagels are okay, not great, but not bad either. Prices are somewhat expensive, but understandable for this area. Staff is below average, it seems like they just want to get the order done as opposed to interacting with the guests. Now that Harris Teeter carries Poppy's Bagels (local and delicious), I will not be returning to Bagel Bin. Oh well...
2	Bagels are greatI could care less about the the services others complain about -  (just give me my breakfast fast and accuratley..don't need a smile and conversation)BUT PLEASE..... invest in a stove and frying pan.. I stopped going here, and so did all my work colleagues, becasue microwaved eggs are bush league, disgusting nonsense. Invest a bit in your business and sacrifice some proft for month and buy a stove, butter and a frying pan. Can't call yourself a legit family run NY style bagel shop with microwaved eggs.
1	It's too bad that the food is decent because the customer service is wretched. We have been going here on and off for the last two years and seems that this place cannot hire competent people. We started calling in our orders because the wait time was so long and the only thing to watch was the lazy staff make jokes with each other. But here is the kicker that sealed the Bagel Bin's fate with us. Today I called in my order. I arrived to pick it up just as it was being finished. A young tall eye-glassed employee maybe with ADD unfolded a paper bag and attempted to catch a fly. He was bored with that so he moved behind the register to play with styrofoam cups. The girl that made my bagels grabbed the bag that this dim-witt was using as a fly-swatter. I spoke up and requested another bag since Harry Pot-stick was catching flies with that one. She apologized but the idiot kid laughed and continued laughing while I walked out. WTF. Done with this joint.
4	I love this place!!! I am from NY and my fav food is a bagel. I have taken a drive to try  a couple of bagel places but this one is my spot. It happens to be close for me too. I mainly get a bagel but I have also tried lunch items. i am always satisfied with the food. Service is slow at times but that's cause there is only one toaster. I do agree with the guy who said get a pan and stove. I actually love how the eggs are in the micro but i know i'm alone in that.lol
3	This place is alright.  The staff is okay, they get their job done, so that's fine with me.  But it's just that each time I get a bagel it's been on and off.  I'd like to try a new sandwich but I always find myself retreating back to the sausage and cheese on an egg bagel.  That's what seems to have the most flavor to me, but maybe that's my preference. And the microwavable egg, I tried it once and then never again.  However, it's still a good place to just grab a quick bite and maybe chat a bit with friends or colleagues.
2	I've gotten bagels here a few times being that it is close to my house and there aren't any other non-chain bagel shops around.  Unfortunately, I haven't been impressed.  The bagels themselves are so-so, and only slightly better than most chains, but nothing like I expect from guys from the NY area.  The real thing that put me over the top was the last time I went.  I asked for a sandwich that included a fried egg on my bagel.  I was told that they only have scrambled or they microwave the egg.  To say I was extremely disappointed in a bagel shop that uses a microwave and advertises itself as being from the NY area is an understatement.  Get a flat top and fry up some bacon and eggs.  Too bad the NY Bagel Shoppe that opened in Blakeney could not get its act together.  The food was actually good there.
4	I love this place. Their bagels and sandwiches remind me of the places I used to go to in NY. The owner is from Long Island so he knows what he's doing. All the sandwiches I've had are great. There's a ton of meat and toppings on them so it's worth the price IMO. The bagels are excellent and they have lox too. My only complaint is sometimes the line takes forever to go through. Sometimes you barely move for 5 or more minutes. I've seen people get so frustrated that they walk out the door.
4	Guys. Need better service. Great food but it takes way too long. Need to get organized, everyone is standing around the dang toaster and microwave waiting. And please brew some decaf once in a while. Thanks
4	The Taylor ham egg and cheese salt pepper ketchup is a must try bagel sandwich.  Very close to the original from up north. The best I've had in over 6 years.
3	After a few recent visits, Bagel Bin has allowed me to enjoy a nice sandwich, with Boars's Head deli meat, but has not met my New York Bagel craving. Although the bagels are good, they are not great. The service is spotty, due to a young crew working behind the counter. However, today it appeared the Manager/Owner was working the counter and everything seemed to run a little smoother than my past visits. The interior is pretty simple and only offers about five tables, however, does have a lot of tables outside, when the weather finally warms up.Overall, I've enjoyed my sandwiches, but they can up the service and consistency.
5	Still my favorite bagel place. People are nice and funny. Makes me feel like home (NJ). My fav are the salt bagels while the kids like the chocolate chip. The honey wheat are good too. Give the crumb cake a try.
5	Best bagels out there. I'm from NJ, and bagels have always been a big part of my food life. The bagels here are at least as good as the places I used to eat at back home in NY and NJ.
3	Just ok .my order of sandwich the bread is little old.their are busy and  maybe not enough people working. Good menu with Boars head deli meat and seat area.  Inside and out
3	Moved to South Charlotte and missed the Bagel Bin in Huntersville.  Luckily I stumbled upon this one.Best NY bagels around.  Skip the egg sandwiches as the microwave the eggs.  Everything else is great!
