4	C'mon, how can you not?  I have been to the top of Silly Mountain.  How can you not stop here and take the hike to the top?  It's not a terribly strenuous hike, the scenery is nice, especially to the east.  The desert is in bloom right now (see pics) and it's...Silly Mountain.  Head toward Apache Junction out the Superstition Freeway.  Parking area is right by the junction of Silly Mountain and Superstition.  Later you can dine in Absurd Valley just off the Conjecture Boulevard.  Actually, Absurd Valley is in SoCal, so you may have to settle for Whimsical Wash.  I'm sure The Big Rock Candy Mountain is around here somewhere...
4	Great liltte track if you're looking for a 20-30 minute single track. Very tricky in some spots... you'll surely be hiking your bike. For hiking, it's very convenient. An o hour or so out and back, views are great, and the slightest elevation of your heart make this a fun spot.
4	Great short and easy hike to do with kids and dogs. I had my 7 month old in a carrier and my dog at my side, and saw plenty of children under 10 having a blast. It's also nice that is right off the freeway, for those days when I need an outdoor fix but don't have much time. Wear sunscreen!
4	I have hiked on this mountain a couple of times during my visits to the East Valley to see friends. It's easy to squeeze in a hike during those trips because its parking lot / trail head is right on I-60, which goes directly to and from Phoenix. There are just a few trails, but they vary enough in length so you can easily adjust your hike to the time available to you. None of the trails are difficult, although the Crest Trail can be a bit challenging as you approach the peak, and the views of the East Valley from the saddle and the peak of the mountain are beautiful.
4	Silly Mountain is our best kept secret! We love taking a quick morning hike to the top or longer treks around the mountain. The free parking, not too crowded trails and friendly atmosphere make it even better.  The bad news is they are often out of maps, that can be a let down when wanting to try a new route.
