1	the watts premier reverse osmosis water filter system, (model: ro-pure) wastes 4 gallons of water for every one gallon it purifies! do you call this enviromentally friendly?  watts should print this information in large letters on the outside of the box!of course they may not sell many when the consumers read it!i am returning the system i bought last month to costco for a full refund and will purchase a pur system.submitted by;  greg lancasterpalm springs, ca
1	Try getting them on the phone. No matter what day or time you call they have "Long wait times due to high call volume". BS. I tried emailing them but they never answered, so I held over 25 minutes several times but over 45 minutes one time and still no answer.Good thing I bought my system from Costco. Its going back!
1	purchased model af-40k water softner from costco. ready to install myself. ran into a problem. called 3 teck. support #s. all busy due to high call volume. bs. waited 25 min. eack time all day today. 7-18-14. 50 calls! what a poor customer service. they should close there doors. ther are a disgrace to customer service. will be returning to costco.
1	Very disappointed with this company. DO NOT RECOMMEND BUYING FROM THIS COMPANY.I had an installation problem, had to call and speak to a very unpleasant technician. After over an hour waiting, he tells me to use cooking oil to connect the line I have a leak. After several attempts, problems continue, another hour plus waiting to speak to someone again due to high volume phone calls. Finally get another irritated technician on the phone, explains to him that problem continues and will need a replacement part, he tells me again to use cooking oil to connect the line, after explaining this is my second call and some other technician already told me to do that and didn't work, he tells me that "NO, YOU DIDN"T DO IT, otherwise the problem would've being solved" he spoke to me like I'm an ignorant. Resuming my final experience, stupidly I took his advice and applied cooking oil to the line and reconnect the default line again, problem seemed solved after a whole day working under the sink, a week later had a major water leak and lots of damage o the cabinets. I guess like the other reviews this is going back to Costco.
