5	We just moved in down the street so I was super excited to see a Fresh & Easy just blocks from our new home.  I haven't had a F&E store near us in the past but I've heard how great it is - and cheap.  It certainly lives up to the hype.  I absolutely LOVE shopping here!  There's never a crowd, their prices are unbeatable, and the cashiers are friendly and helpful.  They even gave me an item for free tonight because it was ringing up at the wrong price.  I will be shopping here weekly.
5	I just had a to review another F&E because I freakin' love this store!  If I never go to Fry's or Bashas again, it will be too soon!  This is the ultimate grocery shopping experience...it's never crowded, they have a fabulous selection and variety, the prices ROCK, there are friendly, mature and helpful cashiers, and if you're hungry, there are free samples!For those of us who are having to really watch our food budget, this place is the BOMB!  You just can't beat the marked down section...it's like a treasure hunt!  Try Wild Alaskan Salmon Burgers (2) for $.90, WTH?Some of my new fav items include:- Green chile sliced sourdough bread (sometimes marked down to $1.03 a loaf)- Indian appetizer platter with onion bihaly's (sp), vegetable samosas and cool cilantro yogurt dip ($5.99)- Big Kahuna Chardonnay and Shiraz ($2.99)- Veggie Chips ($2.19)- Thin crust frozen pepperoni pizza ($2.99)And I just love that there is practically a F&E on every corner in the far SE valley.
1	This markets niche seems to focus on the low end shopper. it lacks value and quailty. Carries lots of private label brands you find the the dollar store. If you can afford to buy better food than avoid shopping here
4	What I like most about this store is pure convenience.  And it doesn't hurt that their brand does not contain high fructose corn syrup, artificial color or flavors or added trans fats.  More of our food suppliers should really take note.  It is not a place to get all of your shopping done, but then I don't think it is meant for that purpose.  What is wonderful is that everything is fresh and easy, so if you buy fresh food without preservatives you  must shop more often.  This is a great little store to hit before dinner for the last minute items, or grab a salad for work or grab some milk, eggs and juice.  I love the store:)
3	I really like Fresh & Easy.  However, this is not my favorite branch.  They don't have a fresh bakery, and they don't seem to have as good sales as other branches.  But it's still a good market.
3	I always expected this place to be like Sprouts. It is more or less a Frys with much higher prices on a lot of items. For example, Lean Cuisine frozen meals were $3.98 here, the same Lean Cuisine at Frys was $2.50 and $1.98 at Walmart. I understand buying power of larger companies, and I am happy to do business with these smaller companies, but I will likely not be back. Stick with Sprouts, they have a lot more fresh produce, better meats, and better prices.
3	I usually like this location a lot. They recently reorganized and the company was purchased. Since then, I noticed the prices increased on F and Easy brands, particularly the to go foods and pre made meals. I also went one day and they were missing a lot of items. I'm glad that it's convenient and there are some items I really like but overall, I have stopped going here as frequently because of the price increase. The friends rewards card is great and I like the $5 off I get.
