4	I love Peppi's! I always get The Amazing Siegfried. It is a chicken club type of sandwich with bacon, mushrooms, provolone and american cheese. It is delish! I would give five stars but, their delivery guys is always slow and by the time the food gets to me it's semi warm. They have really good fries too!
5	Peppi's is great! You can call in and order before you get there. Granted it's not the most healthy but it's amazing. I love their turkey and the cheese fries.
4	the special steak sandwich is my favorite.  plus fries.  amazing.
4	This is a great sub shop with an authentic Burgh vibe. Tasty sandwiches packed with the goods, walls lined up with local fanfare, and burly dudes who look like they know a thing or two about sandwiches are what make Peppi's unique.  Parking is on street but otherwise this place gets no complaints from me.  Peppi's is what Quizno's wishes it could be.
4	Can't really go wrong here, unless you're looking for a healthy sub.  Peppi's is a chain in the Pittsburgh area, home to a bunch of the usual Pittsburgh fare.  Fries are great, as they're the fresh-cut style, and the subs are huge, so go hungry.  I've eaten here a few times and can't say I've ever had a bad meal.
5	Peppi's 3, Pep Boys 0.This place has some of the best subs in Western PA, especially the delicious and appropriately named Roethlisburger, my favourite! Yum!This place rocks, and it rocks the Roethlisberger. It's somewhere between 4 and 5, but they gave me free fries, and the RB is kind of addictive, so this Pitt institution gets a 5/5
4	Delicious subs and friendly service!
4	The food is just as great as the Penn Avenue location, but it gets an extra star for being CLEAN.  This time I tried a sausage sandwich.  Not as good as the Rothlesburger.  The fries are awesome.
5	2 words- COLD ITALIAN! I have been getting these subs in front of the stadium for 3 years! They are awesome!
4	Sept. 1st 1939 Germany invaded Poland. In as little as 23 days the country was defeated. I once wondered how that happened then I figured it out. Poland had probably left the country itself to go to Peppi's due to it's delicious tasting Subs.You figure with waiting at the airport in line at security, delays in a flight schedule and actual flight time itself... the numbers start to add up. One might make the argument that 23 days is still too long of a time for one to take to fly from Poland to Peppi's and back, well I beg to differ due to the downtime one would have after eating there.Little known fact, while Germany may have gone to war with Poland, you can be sure that a Peppi's sub will go to war with your stomach making you feel well...defeated. They will throw just about anything on one of those subs which taste amazing but tends not to agree with you as much as you may like. It's a cash only joint much like every place in 1939. If there is a sporting event taking place, make sure to check out this place, it will in fact rock your very socks off despite any hesitations you may have
4	As a native Pittsburgher, I'm slightly embarrassed by how long it took me to finally try one of the various Peppi's locations.  But once I did, I went every week for a month.  I don't go nearly that often, but I love the friendliness of the staff along with the selection of mouth-watering sandwiches.  I don't know what they put on their meat.  I don't know how they found the perfect bread for subs.  All I know is that it all keeps me coming back.  I've tried several variations of the cheese steak and I've had the Italian sub.  The fries are average, not my favorite and no something I even feel is necessary with the Peppi's sub.  When visitors ask me where to get a good sandwich, I'll recommend Peppi's or Primanti's.  Though anymore I favor Peppi's for myself.
4	Messy deliciousness!  That's the only way I can describe this place.  I had the cappicola sandwich and it was really good.  It was also MASSIVE so needless to say I could only finish half of it.  Also tried the fries and they were hot and fresh - just the way I like 'em!  So glad I tried this place and looking forward to coming back again to try some of their other sandwiches.
5	Peppi's is delicious. I ordered the #7 (RoethlisBurger) which is blend of hamburger and sausage with american cheese and egg. It was fantastic.This is exactly the type of sandwich I have been looking for in Pittsburgh... unabashedly unhealthy and irrefutably delicious. It reminds me of a somewhat better version of my favorite sandwich chain from Detroit, Tubby's. In fact, I intend to give Tubby's bottled dressing a whirl on my next order from Peppi's.
4	I survived off of Peppi's on Western Ave, for years as a student at CCAC Allegheny campus. After my morning classes had ended this was my go to lunch/dinner spot.  Any college kid on tight budge can assure you that there are days when only one meal is all you can afford.  Peppi's portions are huge and they don't skimp on either meats, veggies or cheese.  One sub can easily be eaten for lunch with plenty leftovers that can be eaten as dinner. Typically for me I get the Cajun fries which are delicious cheap and you get a ton.  They are dusted with a spicy Cajun seasoning and served with a side of house made ranch. Since transferring to college in Oakland I don't get to frequent Peppi's as much but I have nothing but fond memories. Of all the Peppi locations this is by far my favorite.
5	This is a great Philly and really as good as anything in Philly for that matter.  I recommend the Ultra if you like big and great.  The regular cheese steak is what I get these days though.  It is enough for me!
3	meh.  good selection of sandwiches.  had the regular italian which was chintzy on the meat.  you have to get the 'italian special' with extra meat for it to be what i would consider a normal sandwich.
5	Everyone in town raves about Primanti's. However, this has to be my more favorite place to stop while in Pittsburgh. They have an awesome menu (cash only) but you cannot leave and not get the Roethli"burger". Delicous. Yum. Heck to the yes. I love the small kitchen style atmosphere, and they love it when you tip. I mean, they go nuts when you do (ala Cold Stone singing style nuts). Great people, even better food. Come hungry!
4	I know there is that other sandwich shoppe peppered all over town which also starts with a P  *cough splutta cough* But Peppi's never lets me down. It's around the corner from my office and its not a chain so yea I hit it up for lunch with the partners in crime once in a while. the Philly cheese-steak never lets me down, fries portions are huge and you can pretty much split one sandwich and one large Fries with two drinks between two people for around 14$ not bad on the wallet not bad at all. Plus they have a poster of John Lee Hooker on the wall, plus other celebrity pics who have eaten there over the years. Service is zippy but it is a cash only joint.... again there is ATM from 1986 sitting in the corner. It looks like it won't work then takes a confusing 30 seconds to spit your money out but it does work. If Peppi's took credit cards I would give them 5 stars.Probably not a great spot for vegetarians. I don't know of many veg options on the menu. Definitely a Pittsburgh Classic lunch spot, and their sandwich did not give me tummyaches like that other P sandwich shop's sandwich did.
4	Wow I feel so out of it... I didn't know about Peppi's all this time and I've been here for about 9 years. My goodness. Just recently found out about this place about a few months ago... and this place never lets me down. The guys work there are straightforward and quick with your orders. Me and my friends went for lunch on a Thursday and it was so crowded but thank god we found a table! I actually like it here much more than Primantis. Def will come back here soon for sure!
5	Damn - was that a good sandwich. The bread is soft, and chewy. There is a large variety of sandwiches to you will surely find something for yourself. Subs are served cold or hot. With your choice of topics and sauce. Cash only, so come prepared.
2	2.0/5 - The 72.0/5 - Joey Porter "bella"1.5/5 - Service was pretty slow, and people that came in before us got their food earlier.
5	Words just can't describe Peppi's.... just great food all around.
5	Delicious sandwiches! If your visiting Pittsburgh and want a great "local" spot- swing by this place. The fries are good too!
5	I've been there several times, and I have yet to be disappointed.  Prices are very reasonable, and the food is excellent.  Service is prompt and the banter between the employees is an entertaining bonus.
5	I am not a native Pittsburgher, and I HATE Primanti's. Yeah, I said it. When someone suggested Peppi's, I was less than excited. Afterall, Primanti's gets rave reviews and I just don't get it. Ah, but soooooo hungry. Ok...I'll try it. AMAZING. The place isn't dirty. It isn't greasy. It's a sandwich shop people, I really don't know what you expect here that makes you dish out such harsh reviews. You're paying $8 for a meal, it's not going to be 5 star decor. That being said, it was clean, it was moderately busy but not very loud (no more than any other place), and the staff was cool. I tip. If you can't afford to tip don't eat out. And don't complain when they aren't as cool if you don't. I work for tips, but unfortunately I work for corporate America where I have to smile at you even if you are a cheap ass- BUT- don't expect me to go the extra mile. But I digress...on to the food.It's good! Actually, it's better than good. It's sliced ribeye steak cooked fresh on a flat top grill with fresh cheese and veggies and what just may be the best bread I have ever had. It's got this nice crust, but it isn't "cut the roof of your mouth hard" like some places...ahem...Primanti's...and the portions are very generous. The boyfriend and I used to save half so we had a "now sandwich" and a "later sandwich," but lately it's been all "now sandwich." When we do carryout, they wrap it up for us just like if it were a take out order. Small deal to you maybe, but that's that extra mile I was talking about. I said, "I'll just wrap it up myself man, no worries," and the guy behind the counter insisted on wrapping it up for me "no problem." The menu is vast for such a small shop. There are a lot of options, steak, chicken, even vegetarian. There are breakfast selections, spicy, mild, you name it. They have some pretty good fries too. They have a cooler with bottle drinks or fountain drinks and they have some good specials for lunch. Another small detail, they have a good variety in the drink cooler. Dr. Pepper, root beer, ginger ale, juices, water, and the usual soda suspects. I'm a creature of habit so I always get the same thing, and it always tastes exactly the same. That's another plus in my book, consistency. There is nothing worse than getting your favorite whatever at your favorite where-ever and it not being as good as the last time. That doesn't happen here. It's as good as the first time, every time.
5	Great service and great food.  The bread they used for the subs was so good.  If you eat here get the fresh cut fries, they're also amazing.  Nice lunch environment!
4	This place is a great place to come for lunch. It gets a star docked because it's cash only, but hey great sandwiches and tasty fries. Bread is tasty and the meat is gorgeously delicious. Recommend the Roethelisburger as a must-get sandwich.
5	I absolutely love peppis. Where do I start?  The food is consistently good quality, with the right price. I regularly eat the bacon burger with cheese sub. Its probably my favorite sandwich there. The fries come in a nice big portion, perfect to share with someone. It's the same quality every time you go there. I love to eat on their back patio when the weather is nice. The interior has a nice mom and pops feel. Steelers decor everywhere, it's a true Pittsburgh establishmet. The amount of seating is ample enough for the amount of business they do. The employees are polite the orders come out in a timely manner.
5	Have always gotten the Italian hoagie but never actually stepped inside the restaurant.  Our NYC friend was visiting town and he wanted to see the Mattress Factory.  So we were both hungry and Peppi's was on the way and the atmosphere was awesome and fun.  While waiting for our food, an employee there also recommended us to check out RandyLand, which is also down the street.  Great Food and Great people!  Thanks Guys!
3	Don't yinz native Picksburghers hate me nah, but I have to admit that I didn't find Peppi's that impressive.  I'm from DE, where we have Capriotti's (can you say fresh turkey and all the fixins on a bun?!?) and are near Philly (a sub mecca), so I have high standards for subs.  Also, I pride myself on being an exacting--yet fair--reviewer.  In light of these facts, I'm afraid that Peppi's failed to deliver the sub nirvana I was hoping for.I visited on Sat. for lunch with a friend while cycling.  Our original plan was to hit up the food trucks at South Side Works, but she was tired due to some grueling rowing practices the previous couple days, so the North Shore is as far as we made it.  She suggested Peppi's, and I agreed, given that I'd heard good things and that I hadn't been yet.Since I don't eat beef, I was limited to two options: the amazing Sigfried or the turkey supreme.  Both were very similar, consisting of their respective meats plus grilled mushrooms and onions and LT.  I opted for the turkey, probably because I'm so used to the turkey awesomeness on a bun that Capriotti's delivers.  My friend ordered the roast beef, and both of us had drinks.  Although my friend told me the fries were good, we decided to forego them because we thought it'd be too much.When I bit into my sub, I was underwhelmed by the amount and quality of meat, which was a thin layer of deli-style turkey slices.  To me, the sub seemed to be more then 50% veggies, most of which was lettuce.  I also found the bun too light for my taste, since I'm used to thick, bready buns.  While the taste was decent, it didn't blow me away, and texture-wise, it wasn't super-interesting, given its composition.While you get a lot of sub for your money and it's better than Subway, if Peppi's is the best PGH has to offer sub-wise, they have a ways to go.  At least Primanti's has a unique product!  I know yinz'll hate me for saying this, but perhaps you should go to Philly--or even DE--for some sub-inspiration, n'at.
4	Charming north side pittsburgher joint with friendly service, reasonable prices and tasty food. Definitely recommend!
5	I'm not a tourist here to compare my "beloved New England cuisine" with the "lowly Pittsburgh sandwich shops." I'm from Pittsburgh so I compare the food I get in this city with what else is available within driving distance.As far as service, it's never been less than exceptional. Whoever is running this location knows what they're doing. The guys there are always smiling and laughing (in a non-girly, blue collar way of course). They deserve every penny in their Donnie Iris tip jar.The food...well, I don't go to Primanti's anymore. The bread is always fresh and delicious. The flavors of the meats and dressing on the Italian sandwiches blend flawlessly. The fish sandwich boasts a big crispy piece of quality cod.The decor and ambience of the dining area is perfect. It has a very nostalgic North Side feel and it's always clean. Plus the window is always there for people-watching.Peppi's is a big reason why I love living in North Side.
5	I give the steak sandwich (The Special) with peppers and onions 4 stars. One of the better in the city.  But the music they play here coupled with the good food moves me to 5 stars.  I'm a foodie and musician so this place warms my warm Pittsburgh heart.  Its also home to the Roethlisburger which is essentially a heart attack hoagie.  It's also cash only yinz so leave the plastic at home.
