5	There is nothing compared to the joy of having beautifully done nails :)VS Nails is the ultimate place for all of my nail needs, no other place compares or even comes close to beating them.The nails are not to thick or too thin, they embed crystals the correct way and the nails always last longer than anywhere else I have gotten my nails done.The salon is clean, in a safe location and pretty :) The staff is also very friendly and truely skilled. I love VS nails and can honestly say it is the best nail spa in Phoenix :)
5	This place was AMAZING!!  It was my first time here. I took my mom and sister along with me for manis and pedis.  Knowing it was a Saturday afternoon (and it might get busy) I made an appointment ahead of time.  They greeted me by name when I walked in.  We had only planned to have pedis done, but when we saw what a great job and a great price they had (the special was $16 for a pedi or $26 for mani/pedi, it's usually $18 or $28) we all asked for manis as well.  Despite another group of three coming in during the middle of our pedicures, they did not rush through our appointment at all.  They took their time.  Their basic pedicure also included hot stones (most other places charge extra for this).  I was extremely pleased with this place, and highly recommend it!
3	Good nails IF YOU HAVE TIME TIME TIME to spare! The place is clean and their workers are friendly. They do a great job. DON'T GET THE OWNER if you can help it. She's more concerned with adding you as a friend on Facebook and took SEVERAL personal calls while doing my nails. It took TWO + HOURS to get a fill - NOT what I had time for. I went back again for another fill 2 weeks later (I'd been coming here for months) when I sat and waited for 30 minutes because instead of working on her current customer, she kept showing them YouTube videos and Facebook posts. I got so fed up I just left and went to the next building over and had my fill done in 25 minutes! What's sad is all her employees are fast & effecient and so nice but if they're not available, you get stuck w/miss chatty cathy. She is what will ruin her own business.
3	Today while running my errands I happened upon this little shop and was in dire need of having my tootsies tended to, plus they advertised a $16 pedi.  Not bad, and it's right down the street from my house and I figured why not.  The place was clean and didn't smell like chemicals like most cheap nail salons, so I'll give them that.  I was greeted and tended to right away, so another plus.  Once seated, my guy comes over with the upsell sheet.  I look it over and tell him that I'll have a reg pedi.  They offer a more expensive one for $30 that has salt scrub and a whole bunch of junk added on...another salon reviewed on here only charges $18 and it comes with the salt scrub so I think I'll pass this time. After getting my feet in the water he pulls them out to inspect the workload in store for him.  Now I couldn't tell if he was going out of his way to be extra gentle or if my hooves were reallly really bad, but if that's the case, dude this is your job and I'm sure pah-lenty of ladies come in worse than I.  My main issues are my heels sticking to rugs.  He looks at said heels and asks if I would like my heels scraped and calluses removed for an extra $5.  I asked him if any kind of heel scraper doo-hickey was used at all for the reg pedi or if this is super duper scraping and he said any heel scrape is $5 extra.  Now, where I'm from- San Diego- heel scrapage is part of *any* pedi package.  One gets pedis for the sole reason of leaving with soft pretty feet that don't pull up rugs like they are made of velcro..but my heels were in dire need of scrapage so I agreed to have it done.  The rest of the pedi was pretty average.  The leg massage was meh, I like rough deep tissue massages but he used hardly any pressure at all.  The hot stone was alright, nothing spectacular and very short in length.  The lotion he used smelled good and had a slight tingle feeling, and the polish application was ok.  Again, I am used to SD and they always apply 2 coats of paint.  I only got 1.  The paint looks good enough, but I felt like he rushed and half-assed my entire service.  I was done before anyone else and I was the last to arrive..and they were not getting the super duper fancy pedis either.  All in all it was an ok pedi to break me of my dry spell, but I doubt if I ever go back.
3	For being the closest to one to my house not bad.  I've gotten my eyebrows done by the owner Vivian and she did an awesome job.  She trained one of her employees and she sucks so I go to another place to get them done I don't recommend it for eyebrows...For NAILS well I have had a HORRIBLE HORRIBLE experience there getting fake nails.  One of the guys did them and within a week they started falling off!!! I was so angry I didn't go back for months!!! My friend is a huge fan of that place for pedicures and I only recommend it for pedicures, for manicures or fake nails go somewhere else.
4	Another great pedicure from Vs Nails.  I was a little disappointed that my sister was seated quite some time after my Mom and I, but for the most part all of our pedicures were started around the same time.  I wish this place was closer to me.  I would be there more often.  I did feel a little jipped on the massage portion, but can't complain too much with such a great price.  A $16 dollar pedicure that includes hot stones can't be beat.
2	I used to go there until they kept giving me to their new employee of the day who would invariably not do a good job. I'd have to ask the owner to "fix" the mess and after a while I got tired of having to ask so I stopped going. Everyone was nice but my nails weren't always done well.
3	Price was good.  The guy was nice but didn't really listen to what length I wanted.  A few nails are uneven. Good for price but wouldn't go out of my way to go there.
5	Awesome nail salon for manicures, pedicures and gels!  Waxing is great too! Thanks Vivian & company for keeping us looking good....Wish you were closer to home :-)
5	Vivian & team are AWESOME!!  I drive 40 miles to get fabulous nails with the most options & pedicures with great massage!!  Thank you for the fantastic job!!  You can never go wrong coming to VS Nails!!  They are great and salon is clean & sanitized!  Great for waxing too!
4	I come here because it's close, convenient and although there's 5 more nail salons around in the neighborhood, I like this one so far. The owner is very friendly and is always full of compliments. I've been seen by a few nail techs, and so far I have enjoyed my services. Today I wanted to switch my colors up on my gel manicure. Lisa who attended me was very nice, but I realized she started to speed up the process after several women came in. Note: the nail art is a tad on the sloppy side. This was my first experience with this particular nail tech. But overall, I have come back to VS Nails because their gel mani's last longer than those from other nail salons.
5	Amazing work and service :) Been going for 5+ years. They listen to what you want and accommodate them :)
5	Awesome pedicure they staff is so friendly and they take their time first time trying them out since I just moved to Arizona about a week ago definitely coming back again. Thanks to Rose for giving me a great experience and massage on my feet and legs
2	Came here twice the first time I lucked out with the owner --the pedicures are good. The second time my sister in law and I came here for two gel Manis and two pedicures. I got a man who kept messing up and blaming my nails! Who does that?? And kept telling me how I looked like I was a high schooler (I'm 25) By the time he finished my sil was done with both of her services.  I canceled the pedicure, two and half hours is tooooooo long!
5	I would give 5 stars but Ye!p filters out the good comments automatically. Ye!p likes negative but this salon deserves the best praise.This nail salon is the bomb diggedy!  I have been to this nail salon twice. Great experience both times. This salon will be a problem if you are a person that complains. The service was more than what I expected. The owner made sure to greet me by name and check in on me during my time with the technician. I have no complaints and cannot see why I would stay away from their shop. Namaste!
5	If you want your nails done right, this is the Place!! Vivian the owner and her staff are friendly and very professional. I have been going here about 14 years and love it!! Highly recommend..
