4	Read this review.  Even if you've never read anything else I've written - ya gotta check this one out.This is the most frickin hilarious place I've been in YEARS!  You have to go.  You just have to.  I didn't know I'd want a camera so badly when playing mini-golf, but oh my oh my....History of the place - it used to be a Popular but they went under many many moons ago.  It sat vacant for quite a few years, but it was then bought out by this company that does indoor mini-golf.  I wasn't impressed w/ the idea when I lived in the area, so I never went.  What a silly girl I was.  Little kids are going to love this place.  Slightly bigger kids will think it's silly, but eventually the golf will take over enough of their attention.  Adults will have a completely different experience.  This place would be 6 star if there was a bar.  I'm telling you.  There IS a bar in the same parking lot and I'm thinking that we might just have to make that happen next time.  The place is one big open area with 18 holes of indoor mini-golf.  That's right - Air conditioned mini-golf for those Phoenix summers.  But Kristin, you may be asking, how is that over the top?  Well, I could just direct you to the web site, but let me start with 2 words - Jungle Theme.  Yes, that's right.  Jungle theme. Giant plaster jungle animals are everywhere.  And a horse.  And a giant leaping dolphin.  Fake banana trees with mini-monkeys in the trees.  Oh yes.  It is that good.  Pricing per round: Adult - $6, Kids 2-6 and seniors - $5, Kids 3 and under are free!  But that's not all! They also have a row of those cheesy rides kids love that are in front of supermarkets that don't really go anywhere.  They also have a room to the side with 15 "video game" stations - all games rated E.  But wait - there's more!  If you live at all in the area and you have a kid - this is totally worth it - for $20/month they can have UNLIMITED mini-golf and video games!  And did I mention this is right near a Taco Bell?  Talk about cheap summer fun!  And for us non-child folks - they also have a 2 for 1 Tuesday!This place is open from 10am - 8pm, 7 days a week.  If you've got kids - you should take them.  If not - think of this as your Psychedelic Happy Hour.  [ By the way, I included their "standard" web site above, but I suggest going to http://www.minigolfparadise.com/index_005.htm which you can't get to from the main page for some reason. MUCH better pictures at first.  Jump into the cheese.  Love it with everything you have. ]
2	This place gets 2 stars for adults. It might be a good spot to take some kids, but that's about it.This miniature golf course is all indoors with Air Conditioning, which is a welcome feature for the hotter than imaginable AZ summers. All of the holes are constructed with green colored carpet, not turf like most mini golf courses.The holes are mostly extremely easy as well, with the majority being a straight shot trajectory, usually through the legs of various animal statues. The course gets pretty boring since there is not much variety and hardly any hills, bumps, relief or other bank type shots.We also had little kids jumping on our greens while we were in the middle of trying to putt on a few of the holes. Control your kids people!If you're an adult looking for some mini golf, skip this course and go elsewhere.
5	My review is based on taking two active nieces, the pricing, and the hours of fun we all had.  I have taken the girls twice.  The first time they seemed to like it, but not too excited overall.  This most recent time (President's Day 2010)  they loved it.  The place was pretty empty, so we had the run of it for quite a while.  I paid 25 for all three of us to do unlimited rounds.  We like to go through the course once the correct way and then go back and visit favorites.  The jungle theme is cute and they even have birthday rooms.  There is also a mini arcade ride area that we also enjoyed.  I liked it because I could sit down and the girls enjoyed the stupid rides.  If you have kids of your own or want to act like a kid for a few hours - do go here.  I think we will be back again during the summer months for some air conditioned jungle golf.
3	If this is your first time to Jambo Park, parents be aware that majority of the attractions are for kids 12 and under. No need to waste your money and buy yourself a wristband. Only kids really need them: they are $15.99.I took my four year old daughter here because we got a Living Social deal: $15 for two unlimited wrist bands. First off, there are 4 types of rides. Flying elephants, rotating swings, train, and robotic animals. First off there are no ropes to distinguish where the lines start, so it is very chaotic and basically if you want your kid to ride the rides, you have to just let me run in when the gates open. My daughter loved all the rides, except for the robotic animals. Only one child can go at a time, which is a long wait and only one animal was operating so my daughter didn't even get to ride the animal she wanted to ride. There were only 2 bowling lanes. It is very unorganized. The person operating at the time did not even know how to operate the lanes. My daughter and I were next and we stood in line for about 20 minutes until we were able to go. The laser tag area was probably the best game. It was really fun, except only kids 5 and older were allowed. My daughter was tall so they let her play. There's also a jungle gym area with a bouncy gym in the middle. There were lots of seats for parents to sit on and watch their kids. The only thing to remember is that your child has to have socks on in order to play. The mini-golf area was super small. We only played a couple of holes, and stopped because my daughter got bored. There were also arcade games, which we didn't play, but majority of the machines I noticed required at least 2 tokens. Overall, I wouldn't go again unless there was another Groupon or Living Social deal.
3	This is definitely not the place to go if you have older children.  This place is catered for kids under the age of 8.  They do have laser tag though which can entertain the older kids- but beware of the little ones in there too!
4	I took my five year son here since last weekend.  It is a fun place for children 12 and under.  Worth checking out.  I used a Groupon that cost $15.00 for two tickets.  Adults really do not need a ticket considering most of the entertainment is geared towards children.Jambo has miniature golf, laser tag, mechanical animal rides, a train and a couple of other rides.  In addition, they have arcade style games requiring tokens as payment.My son had fun.  I would recommend Jambo for children.  I had noticed attention paid to security (e.g. cameras and staff), a friendly and helpful staff and a cool temperature controlled environment which is great for summer time in Phoenix.I have to say I was surprised at the taste and quality of food.  It was good.  The fries were first rate and the hamburger was tasty!  Bravo.  I was expected Chuck E Cheese style food, not here.My suggestion for a five star would be to decrease the size of the miniature golf area and add a couple more rides or features (e.g. wide screen or carnival type games).  I have to say that I did read some other reviews and let me say the following: do not worry about stray excrement in the park, it is probably not out there.  Even if you are unlucky enough to find it, do not blame the proprietor, it can happen anywhere!  Secondly, yes this park is for kids under 12.  Yes it is advertised as such both inside and outside.  If you are too old, don't go.  That simple.My son and I had a great time and I would highly recommend it to others.
3	I have now realized that you have to accept three things with indoor kids play areas in metro Phoenix. 1.) they are all going to be small but anything is better than being stir crazy at home. 2.) the really good ones are located in the southeast valley and living in Scottsdale makes it a long drive! 3.) weekends are mostly reserved for parties and if are a working household like my wife and I, you miss out because we can not take our son on Tuesdays at 10:00am. Ok, onto the review, this place was not to bad, but given it's size it will probably only entertain your kids for about an hour depending on age. Food is typical and I think they only charge a kids fee of $10.00. The place is geared for 18 month to 5 year olds. They have mechanical rides, indoor play gym and miniature golf.
5	I took my 19-month-old twins to Jambo today for the first time and we had a fantastic time!  We are vacationing in Phoenix for a few days and picked up the Groupon which is how we found out about this place.  We will definitely come back to Jambo during our annual Phoenix trips.I'm glad we went on a Monday morning--it was just us and a couple other kids there.  No lines which was good for my very young boys.  They weren't big enough to ride most of the rides, but we had a great time on the Safari Train and the robotic animals.  They spent a little time in the soft play area, but they had more fun throwing golf balls around the mini golf holes than anything.My husband and father-in-law played mini golf and really enjoyed the course.  We didn't have food there so I can't speak to that.  But I will say that all of the staff members were super nice and helpful.  We stayed for nearly two hours--usually about an hour or so is the limit of my boys so I was particularly pleased to have them entertained that long.I highly recommend Jambo for the under-8 crew especially, even the little tiny guys!
5	Took my 3.5 year old here for a 5-year-old's birthday party last weekend. The kids loved it! The rides are perfect for the under-6 set, and the play structure in the back is fantastic fun. I only wish we lived closer because this place is great for a hot summer day or for a birthday party.The parents seemed to love it here, too, because the kids were entertained and we could actually have adult conversation for about 2 minutes at a time while they were on a ride!
5	We have been here twice and each time our kids had a blast.  There is a good variety of things to keep the kids busy for hours. The rides were all opporating. The games weren't broken. My 3 and 6 year old boys especially love the laser tag. It's just the right sized area for small kids to get a hang of the game. Cant beat the price to do a little of everything: rides, play miniture golf, and play laser tag. Just remember to bring socks for the gym!
5	Exactly what we needed on a cool rainy day in Phoenix. Its perfect for small children, $15 unlimited rides. The mechanical animals, the train, the swing, the flying elephant, indoor play land i could go on and on, the kids could spend hours in here. So refreshing to see a place for YOUNG kids where they can ride everything.The food is like carnival food, churro was gross, grilled cheese was absolutely delicious and for $1.50 wow, cheap pizza and it was good, hamburgers were so so...Looks NOTHING like these yelp pictures though. Its a large indoor carnival with little seating area and like one staff member but it was great and i wish we had this at home.
5	Again, I start this review with thinking it is unfair to a business that someone can rate it with 2 stars because it's for kids and wasn't for them.  If you went to Jambo thinking it was going to be a cool place for your 21 year old self to hang out...that's not their fault.My kids are 3 (yes, both my kids are 3) and they absolutely love Jambo.  The first thing to note is the staff.  Many of the kid places around town lack staff that enjoy children.  Most of the staff are teenagers but they have fun enough personalities to play and joke with all ages of children.  It absolutely makes a difference.The entry process is a little slow, especially since they are always offering deals (Groupon, Living Social, Summer Reading) so it takes them some time to process everything.  I wish this was a bit more efficient.Once you enter the facility the kids have choices of rides (an elephant ride like the Dumbo ride at Disneyland, swings that fly in a circle, electronic zebra and giraffe, and the train ride), miniature golf, laser tag (ages 5+), or the playland and slide (mix a McDonald's play place and a bounce house and you get the idea).  The playland area definitely needs to be cleaned more regularly.  They have a snack bar with, eh, food.  The french fries and onion rings are good, the pizza is okay, and the chicken is that totally overprocessed yucky stuff (if you like fast food chicken nuggets you'll like them).We go during the week so we haven't had any problems with waits or crowds.I know, by this time you are thinking, what's with the five stars when you are telling us negatives?  Well -- the sheer joy that this place brings to the kids deserves the 5 stars, the fact that it is indoor and air conditioned during our Arizona summers and the staff is great seals it despite the negatives.  My kids very much enjoy being right with me, and they didn't care if I kept up or sat down and took a rest.  They were comfortable riding the rides and talking to the staff without Mom holding their hand, which says a lot about the place.I would recommend it for ages 8 and under, although there are also a lot of arcade games.  I haven't paid much attention to those so they might be fun for older kids.
4	The kids love this place.  Mmini golf, a climbing slide play area, mechanical animal rides, video games and laser tag.....ick, we found a scorpion in the laser tag area....all else was great.  I reccomend more for little kids, 3-8ish.  My 10 year old got a little bored.
3	We only stayed for an hour or so. Cops kept showing up and no one would tell us what was happening. They told all the kids to get off the rides but wouldn't tell us why. Kept telling us not to worry as we watched 6 cops search the building. We left when we heard an employee tell another employee that someone called in a bomb threat. Overall the kids had fun but I found the staff to be complacent. The teenage staff stood around and did the least amount of interaction as possible. There was one male employee that was awesome with the kids, you could tell he loved being there. He played with the kids and went out of his way to make sure they were always laughing.
5	I agree with the past comments.  It is unfair to judge a business on merit if you are above the age-range that would actually enjoy yourself at a place like this.  The rides and games are obviously targeted toward a younger audience, just like my 2 year old who had an awesome birthday party here just last weekend.  It was not only an affordable place to host a young kid's birthday party, but it kept them playing for well after the ending time I had put on the invitation.  I would recommend this place for any young child from 2 to 10 but not much older than that.  The novelty will be a bit too cheesy for anyone above 10, but for young children this is the place to be in North Phoenix on a hot summer day.  Check it out!
4	Great for kids. Good variety of games and activities. It was understaffed on the weekend we were there... would add another star if they up the staffing by a few people.
3	So we just had my neice's 6th birthday party here on Saturday. I was excited to try this place out because it's nice to find an indoor place for kid's in Arizona. First off, adults DO NOT waste your money buying tickets. I paid an extra $12.00 at the door for laser tag and golf. We totally forgot there was mini golf course even there. The laser tag though the boys (our grown 30 year old husbands) said was awesome and they enjoyed playing with the kids. I am not going to slam this place but just give you the best review I can. My 10 yr old daughter was bored out of her mind. Even with limetless tokens I gave her just didn't really occupy her longer than an hour (we were there for 3 hours)The staff was really friendly and put up with a lot of kids who parents just let them run around like animals. Besides the laser tag it was a 1-2 minute wait for the swings, train, and mechanical animal ride. They should really have an attendant watching the children in the soft play and should have a rule that if parents can't watch their children then they can't be in the area because some of the kids were knocking each other out. The food! Was awesome! Seriously I love Peter Piper Pizza's pizza but Jambo topped it. It was really, really good. (The fat kid in me is drooling right now) But if you have a group of kids that are maybe  7 year old and younger then go for a couple of hours. It was a good place for my younger neices. BUY a discount coupon on Groupon for a buy one get one free though. If I really paid $16 each for both of my kids I would have been really, really upset because it's for sure not worth that price.
1	This place is horrible! Figured I'd have a wonderful day with my kids and my wife to celebrate my birthday during our lunch hour.  Most of the entire place looks a if it has not been cleaned since they opened the place.  Zero sanitation.  Zero maintenance. The rubber/foam mats on the on the jungle gym floor were either displaced, uneven, or out right missing.  The padding of the equipment appeared to be worn in many places, loose, or again missing.  Overall, all of the equipment, rides, games, etc. hand a disgusting film which only means no one has never wiped anything down, ever .  What concerns me most is that we were there just after opening .  I work in the risk management/loss control industry and I'm wondering how this place has been overlooked for all of the many compliance issues regarding both Heath safety and for liability in this establishment.  Someone needs clean this place up or shut it down.
2	This review will sound much like my review for Makutus. Jambo is a bit of a different place though. More space dedicated to video games (though many were out of order), the mini golf and Laser tag were a plus and even though it seems they charge you for each go around on those attractions, my son played mini golf 4 times and did the laser tag twice and no one seemed to ask for me to shell out more dough.The place does need a solid top to bottom bleach bath and dusting. Much of the equipment is worn and as I said many of the arcade games were out of order. There doesn't seem to be any pride in ownership/pride in workmanship in these places. I think the play-places at most McDonald's are better maintained.The birthday rooms are nice because you get your own space, but they have no ceiling and the building is basically a decorated warehouse, so all the noise from the building comes right in to those spaces. Very hard to hear your own party. At least somewhere like Peter Piper the noise all dissipates in the surrounding area.Food was reasonably priced though.Long and short of it. My kid had fun but I wonder if they couldn't draw more business with a cleaner, well maintained facility.
4	This was our first experience, and we enjoyed it.  So much so we booked my daughters birthday party there.  It will be interesting to see how different the experience will be in a party setting.
5	Good place to go for a few hours.  It has something for everyone, kiddy rides, kids play area mini golf, laser tag & games. So let the kids play and use the free WiFi and have some pizza!!!
1	Old, broken down rides and games.  Games are all 2 tokens and most are very outdated or eat the tokens. Don't waste your money.
4	It was perfect for our 2 and 4 year olds.  I was bit disappointed as to how many things were not working on the day we visited.  Bowling was down, and a 3 or 4 video games we tried to play.  Me, i expected more... but my kids - they didn't want to leave even after 2 hours.The putt putt is great for kids.  Cute but not too challenging.  The restrooms were surprisingly clean - given the clientele.The rides were fun and cute.Will be going back for sure.
1	A Laughably Poor Existence of an Amusement Park for Adults and ChildrenThis was my first experience at a Jambo Amusement Park with no knowledge beforehand of what is actually was. I walk in with my girlfriend to check it out with $11 - All Day Wristband coupons in hand and discover that a majority of the rides have a weight limit of 110lbs or 165lbs. We laugh and can't really knock the place for being primarily for young children, the employee offers an Unlimited Laser Tag, Mini-Bowling, and Mini-Golf Adult wristbands for $3 and we take him up on the offer. Upon passing the desk with our wristbands, we discover the following:-Laser Tag is closed.-Mini-Bowling is closed.Right of the gate and 2/3 things we can only do are closed. After a discussion with an employee, we are given $6 in tokens each for a total of $12. We go to experience the arcade for a total of ~20 arcade machines:-The rewards for tickets are pitiful. Chutes and Ladders at 4500 tickets at the desk, dollar store toys located in the ticket reward machine. That's all.-The one air hockey table frequently had issues where pucks would go in and pop right back out, not counting for a score-3 out of 4 of the escalating animal rides that you find in front of grocery stores are broken.-Cruisin' USA started to crash while we were playing it, artifacts appearing on screen and freezing.-So many audio issues - low sound from Time Crisis, no sound from Skeeball, low sound from MvC2, low sound from The Simpsons Beat-Em-Up-We still have over $5 remaining despite playing most of the games (most which cost 2 tokens) and decide to spend the rest of ticket chance games and give the tickets to a child.And for the Mini-Golf - it is poorly constructed. The actual courses can be moved by a person's feet and appear to have been made straight out of someone's garage - plywood and fake grass. The barriers of the courses are too low, so balls will constantly be falling off the course and into others' games.  Balls would continue to get stuck underneath the hollow plastic structures. There is no fake grass surrounding the courses like it is in the picture, it is a plain cement floor.Do yourself and your child a favor - don't go to Jambo.
2	One word to describe this place DIRTY! With all the bodies that they pack in here you think they would provide good a/c. It's so sticky and gross the moment you walk in. Nothing is clean and the playground is not maintained. The tables to eat on are neglected and I didn't see a worker wipe them once. Even the workers look dirty as if they ran a marathon I guess due to the lack of ventilation. Expect to smell body odor the entire time you are here. After leaving I needed a shower. For the price they charge I expected a more clean environment I was lucky enough to have a groupon so I paid half the regular cost. The kids enjoyed the place but complained about the smell.
2	The only reason I am giving this place 2 starts is because we did not do the indoor mini golf or the laser tag, so I feel it is unfair to give it a 1 when we didn't experience everything Jambo had to offer. BUT, our experience definitely was't great. I took my nieces, one is almost 4 and the other almost 5, during the day. First thing, there are signs at the front of the place warning that some of the rides are broken. Kind of a bummer, but whatever, I had a Groupon and we were going in anyways! Girls had to use the bathroom right away so we headed to the restroom and GROSS. Floor is dirty. One of the stalls had pee everywhere. No toilet seat covers to be found. OK, whatever, told the girls to touch as little as possible and we washed thoroughly and headed out to play! Rode the swings first, the girls loved it! Rode it a few times and then some older kids (I'm talking teenagers here, probably 12-13 years old) got on. They were swinging their individual chairs back and forth and around so hard that chairs were flying everywhere. The kid in front of my niece somehow pushed himself back and straight into my niece, startling her and bruising her knee. Parents were not around to tell these kids to behave, ride attendant did not say a word. OK, off the swings, to the playground.  More older kids (this place is geared to little ones, not teenagers) are all over the playground.  So much so my nieces, who LOVE to play with other kids and on playgrounds have gotten shoved around so much in this over crowded thing with kids 3x their size are just done after 10 minutes. Again, no parents around controlling their kids. All in all, we stayed less than an hour.  I took them to chick-fil-a where they could play, for free, on an age appropriate well maintained and relatively clean playground. Won't be going back to Jambo Park anytime soon!
4	Buddha freaking loves this place. My mom has brought him a few times, it's kind of their grandma and grandson date spot. Recently my nephew had a birthday here and so I had  to bring him. It was a chill place and I liked that the kids could run around in the jungle themed play place like the wild animals they tend to be. We didn't really have to worry about them as they were a pack of eight year old boys. They had wristbands and were really good about sticking together to get on the rides. They played unlimited goofy golf and laser tag too, so that was awesome :) The pizza was probably better than pizza hut but but not what I would consider really good pizza. But I didn't expect anything amazing. The staff were really on point. They were super friendly and almost overly helpful. And apparently my cousins got a great package for the birthday party! I would come back. And definitely recommend others to bring their kids.
5	Was a little nervous due to some bad reviews, but the place was great. No problems with not enough attendants or cleanliness of the place. My daughter loved the train. My only complaint would be the lack of prizes to redeem your tickets for.
2	Brace yourself, this is long - but you will want to know this if you are thinking about bringing your child(ren) here.First visit three weeks ago was actually enjoyable.Yes, the place is dated.Yes, the party and eating area are pretty much trashed from the part-goers and other visitors.Yes, half the token games either do not work at all or randomly decide to eat tokens.That being said, my son (aged 6 years old), enjoyed the rides and the playground area. That was the focus of our first visit. It was crowded, but my son was able to do all the rides (at least once) during our visit. If the rides were not directly manned, an individual ran up quickly to run the ride for the waiting people.So why the two stars?Tonight's visit.Once again, the party area and eating area were a disaster.Games still not working or eating tokens.And almost a twenty minute wait for the amusement rides, with the few attendants present running off even with a line present and leaving people standing there.The manager was far from apologetic about the frustrating situation, and it honestly killed the entire experience to have to explain to my 6 year old multiple times through the night that he could not do the rides since NO employees were present on the floor.I highly doubt we will return, and it is a shame because the idea behind having a different indoor spot to take him to during the coming summer months would have been awesome.
2	First visit - for a birthday party. The park was disorganized and dirty. Was greeted by the assistant manager smoking outside. Very unimpressed. Most of the games either were out of order or didn't work. Cast members presentation was dirty and very unfriendly. Ordered a pretzel, waited 35 minutes for said pretzel...it never came.  Waited in line again and asked for a refund, the manager was unwilling to give a refund. At this point had enough, and walked out. Unfortunate because it could be a fantastic place. Unkept and poorly run, with terrible customer service. First and last visit.
1	AVOID!!! A complete joke! We made reservations for a birthday party exactly a month ago and placed a deposit of 30.00. Today we are told we didn't have the required number of children and our reservation has been cancelled. The best part - no refund!!What? I'm sorry that is fraud and theft! We have a reservation and confirmation email for 30 days and with two weeks out, they tell us sorry and we are keeping the cash!Oh, I'm sorry we were offered credit on wristbands if we want to visit! Credit? Are you nuts?This place cancels a party for an 8 yr old boy and tells us we can have credit!SUCKS!!! RUDE!! BEWARE!!
3	I took my kids there right when it opened and it was nice, not busy at all. They got to enjoy the rides all to themselves and even got on each one about 3 times. The only thing I have to complain about was the food service, I ordered 1 personal pizza and it took them almost 40 minutes to make it. I was frustrated and disappointed that we had to wait that long for 1 personal pizza especially with hungry, restless kids.
1	Why don't they allow us to give negative star reviews?My 5 YO loves this place.  It's close to home and the price is very decent.Today, he had no school so my parents (his grandparents) took him to Jambo and spent most of the day there.  At one point, my son was thirsty and had gone to the counter to ask for a cup for water.  The person at the counter was very kind and got a water cup for him, put ice in it and for whatever reason, put orange soda in there for him instead of water.  That was nice.   My son went to sit down in the sitting area and proceeded to drink out of his cup.  A man (who claims is the manager) stormed up to my son, GRABBED his arm and demanded to know why there was soda in there since those cups were specific for water only.  He continued to snatch the cup out of my sons hand and threw it in the trash can and huffed and puffed away.  My mother, upon seeing this went straight to him and asked him what was going on.  The "manager" exclaimed that those cups were specifically for water and why would my mom try to sneak in soda for free?  My mother tried to explain to him that it wasn't her and that it was one of the employees that did it.  He demanded that my mom tell him who it was because he was going to fire him on the spot for doing that.  My mom refused to tell him because she didn't want him to get fired over pouring a measly ounce of soda in to a cup. The "manager" continued to berate my mom for "stealing" soda and told her to go to McDonald's next time because their soda was cheaper there.  I am absolutely FLOORED by this and could not believe that someone is THAT miserable with their job that they would man-handle my son and throw a drink cup away and claim to fire someone over giving an innocent 5 YO a small plastic cup with soda.  You can bet I will NEVER come here again and you can believe that this story will be on REPEAT to ANYONE and EVERYONE that I know.  I'll also be making a trip to Jambo to confront this alleged manager.
1	I would give zero stars if I could. It's a Sunday afternoon and there are two workers running between a total of seven rides. You can tell management doesn't care. Staff look like they are asked to do every job in the place except tend to the kids and rides. Don't waste your gas or money coming here. It use to be way better but the grand opening buzz has warn off and now the owners are keeping this place running lean and unclean.
1	My brother and I went back to Jambo later that evening and the moment the manager saw my mom, he ran to the back. We told my mom to wait in the car while we confronted the manager. To make a very long story short, throughout the 20 minutes of him being in denial and saying that what he did was not wrong the 2 things that stood out were: 1. ALL adults should know that ONLY water goes in to those cups and if my mom saw something otherwise, she should've poured it out (Yeah, cause my mom works there and knows their rules) 2. As to why she didn't "rat" the guy out who gave my son soda, "Let's say your son was being beat, wouldn't you want management to know who was beating him and not worry so much about him getting fired?" (Uhhh beating a child and giving him a small cup of soda is NOT comparable!!!) His logic was so irrational. In the end, after refusing repeatedly to give us the owner or HIS managers name, he finally blurts out, "You can call here another day and ask for Jackie." My brother: Okay, who's Jackie? CHRIS: She's a black lady. UHHHHH what does her having to be black have ANYTHING to do with this? CHRIS: I'm not trying to be discriminatory. She's another manager. mmm okay. We demanded a refund and at first he refused to give us one saying he was allowed to give only 2 refunds a month,  then he retracted and said, okay, if I give you a refund will you not bring this up again and leave me alone?  Will you not escalate this?  (Admitting fault, are we?).  My brother kept demanding the refund to which he gave us.  Are we satisfied? Absolutely not.  This is still going to be escalated!!!!!
5	nice place. Great indoor replacement for being with the kids outside when it's 103 degrees.. The place is CLEAN, staff is nice, bathrooms are clean and all rides work well.Kids are having a blast.. unlimited rides for $12/ kid is a good deal... We'll The comedy was not so great, except the main performer. The food was GREAT and the service was 5 stars. The place is CLEAN and prices are more than fair.We'll definitely be back. again
1	Ghetto run,  dirty, unsanitary would be giving this place a compliment.  WE WILL NEVER BRING OUR CHILD THERE AGAIN. as soon as they take your over priced entrance fee, expect zero customer service  only one ride operator the whole miserable two hours there.  NO thank you
1	Not a place I would recommend to anybody. I was very disappointed in how this place was dirty all around especially the chairs and tables were not wiped down what a joke.  The employment and management are very unprofessional no people skills at all very rude and short with people. If I could I would give this place negative stars not even one. It's not worth your money go do a party for the kids somewhere else trust me this is not the place. I'm just very upset at employment and management unbelievable how unprofessional some places can be very rude to my family and friends.
3	Im going to start this with DO NOT GET THE SLIDERS lolMy god they looked horrible and had no taste.The sodas are completely over priced as well.On the other hand, the pizza was pretty good. Tiny sliced so they are good size for children. The games aren't too bad either & of course the kids love the rides.
3	Not as bad as some of the reviews made it out, but not fantastic either. When we came in, there was nobody at the desk and a sign saying to go to the food counter. The girl there seemed confused "oh, there wasn't anyone up there?" ...should probably communicate to each other when you're handing off duties. But anyway, we got one child and one adult wristband. My two year old got to go on every ride she wanted to...sometimes with me, sometimes without (weight limit of 110 on some rides). We did have to wait sometimes because the staff had to run between the rides...understaffed. We played a couple games and the ones we played didn't eat coins and they worked (though one just kept feeding skee balls after he game ended, and a "stop the light" game had no light). The prizes for the tickets you get are super cheap (quality) and hardly worth getting except that a 2yr old is happy with stickers. So y'know...we basically bought $6 stickers. It's very loud, but that's expected. The play area was lackluster - an open area to what was clearly extra pieces/storage was worrisome, a lot of it was very beaten up and ripped. But the kids didn't seem to notice. The chairs in te eating area were pretty beaten up as well. We didn't use the facilities or try the food, so I can't comment on that.  Overall... Good way to beat the heat, not overly expensive. Also pretty run down and used.
4	Great spot for a birthday party, especially in the summer.  Great rides and the roller coaster...that's fast!!!
2	Great for kids between 5-7 yoa. But any older and the eyes will roll and they will think the rides are babyish. It's nice that parents don't have to pay if they aren't going on the rides.  Make sure to check online for coupons before you go. Lazer tag is very popular and seemed adequate for the 7 or 8 kids per game. The video arcade games mostly take 2 tokens, about .50 a game.
4	Came here with the kids, ages 6 & 8.  They were short of operators, so I asked the lady in the front that my 8 year old is bored on the baby rides can they get someone to operate the roller coaster, w/no hesitation she got someone within minutes and then a whole bunch of other kids got on it too, all it takes is just to ask.The place is not bad, its just really dirty & the play ground is old with ripped plastic sticking out, I did see a kid get hurt from the ripped plastic when he hit it with his foot on the playground. We did get pizza, it was OK & a drink for $2.97 which was refilable. Its something to do for the kids on Sunday since its super hot outside! But they do need to get more operators especially on the weekends when tons of kids come out to play!
3	Came here on Labor Day while the kids had no school. Our twin 5 year olds and 2 year old had fun. Great place for kids, with a play area, rides, arcade games, and even lazer tag.I would love to give this place 4 or 5 stars, except for how dirty it is! We got here right when it opened and the bathrooms already had toilet paper all over the floor and stunk horribly. There was food and the ground and on ledges. For this all to have been here when it opened means it wasn't cleaned from the day before. Considering what you pay, they should be able to keep the place clean.Other than that, our kids loved it. The workers ranged from indifferent to very nice, but none of them gave us a bad experience. This place has potential and I hope they improve on the cleanliness.
3	Jambo is a jungle themed,  slightly less expensive cross between Chuck E Cheese and a county fair. I saw a sign offering "Haiti wristbands" ($14 for children and $10 for adults) only $2 of that actually goes to their advertised charity which seems awfully low. There are a few rides, the faster ones are all on the left,  a child sized putt-putt area, play zone, laser tag and games. There were two emoloyees who put in effort to provide good customer service while the others looked like they would seriously consider getting a colonoscopy a more pleasurable experience than actually doing their jobs. The women's bathroom was dark from most of the lights being out, dirty and only one stall had toilet paper. There was a diaper sitting on one of the chairs in the dining area, not sure whether or not it was dirty. The floors had trash all over the place. The prize area and snack bar left a lot to be desired so if you don't look too hard at the details you can keep your sanity intact long enough for your kids to have fun.
2	The reason for my low review is not because of the rides, or because of the dirtyness of the whole place. But because of the food. Honestly if you're planning on going please eat somewhere else. I got a pizza and a drink, first off all of the soda were watered down, and had very little carbonation. The pizza seemed to me to be under cooked, but I ate a piece thinking maybe it was just the way they made it. It wasn't the worst pizza I've tasted, but it wasn't good at all. I've also felt sick ever since I got home, and I've also had the runs. Please spare your kids from having to deal with a horrible stoamch ache, and eat before you go.
3	A change in the weather caused us to use Jambo Park as a last minute substitute location for a birthday party. The party rooms, which looked appealing, were booked. We made the best of it and managed to find some seating. The $10 wrist bands (with a 20% discount) seemed pricey, but proved to be a bargain ride after ride after ride after ride. Bottom line: Our four and five year old party animals had a blast!There were some issues. It was surprising that Jambo seemed understaffed on a busy Saturday. The park rangers, who were great interacting with the children, were forced to run from ride to ride, causing waits. The game tokens were not a great deal, especially with a prize counter seriously in need of restocking. The ticket counting machine was "full," and seems to have been so for quite a long time. Restrooms could charitably be described as, well, gross. Definitely in need of more frequent inspections. The snack bar was fine, a little expensive as you might expect at an amusement park. Did serve us some very stale nachos, but others around us seemed to be enjoying their pizza... I do wish there was a little more security. We were concerned that we might lose a kid out the front door.Jambo Park was a perfect fit for our four to five year old age group, but I can't imagine it holding their attention in another two or three years. On this day, we were happy to overlook deficiencies in service simply because the rides were such a huge hit with our little ones.
4	Really cute place to bring the kids! Our two year old had a blast, went on every ride! I'm not sure why there are such bad reviews, this place was better then I expected! A lot of rides to choose from, a big play area...it's like a castles and coasters for toddlers! The people that worked there  where easily available and came over right when they saw we wanted to go on a ride, very attentive. Not sure if they have made some changes since seeing some of the other reviews that were not so good, but we definitely will be back!
1	Ah, the ol' gave one star because you can't give 0 stars. I don't give this one out often, but Jambo was awarded this honor.Some points:1. This place smells like dirty feet.2. It was muggy when I was in there3. The manager (male one) berated my 4 year old nephew and mom because a nice employee told the 4 year old nephew that he could have a soda in his water cup.4. The manager then demanded that my mom tell him which employee it was so he could fire them which makes for a great environment for children5. This is personal opinion, but I would not trust my child around that same manager. He looked real sketchy and potentially pedo bear-ish. I mean, he yelled at a 4 year old for a 2oz cup of liquid. What does that tell you about his judgement?Then again, maybe he's a great guy with a nice family and a great career path. I dunno, I mean Jambo is kinda like Disneyland right? Managers at Disneyland probably make good money, I bet. And they're around kids ALL DAY. And really, I haven't witnessed it before, so that doesn't mean it doesn't happen, but maybe the characters walk around Disneyland terrorizing the children when the adults aren't looking. Maybe Winnie the Pooh shoves your kids when they do something trivial.Anyways, I just thought you should know to keep your eyes on your kids at this place. It contains foul smells, sketchy ventilation and a power hungry male manager that is certainly not of sound mind.
