4	Indoor & Outdoor dining with drive in and drive threw type service.  Food is always good.  Never had slow service.  They have 1/2 off drinks between 2-4p
4	Sonics are like Cook Outs, always in random locations scattered across the city. Needing some comfort food today, I went through thir drive through and got a little snack of their tots with a cherry Slush. I was bummed because it was 10 minutes before their half price drinks started from 2 to 4P every day) but oh well, I guess I can put down $1.89 for a slush. I don't know what they fry their tots in but they were the best tots of my life. And this girl has consumed many a tot in her day.
3	Sonic has a place in the world and they have a unique niche that none of the other fast food places really inhabit. You can park your car and order without having to move. This is insanely handy for the parent with a bunch of kids or the commuter who just doesn't feel like getting out or the lazy bastard (Not me. No, really. I'm not lazy!) who doesn't want to get out of a car that is loaded with stuff just pulled from the storage unit.Pull up to a slot, figure out what you want, press the button and order. Heck, you can even pay the sign directly with your credit or debit card!After a bit, a carhop brings your food right to your window. Sometimes, they're even wearing roller skates. I mean, how cool is that!Burgers are solid and have the usual fixings. They also do hot dogs ("coneys") with an assortment of toppings. Today I went with the "Bacon and Blue" which was yummy but probably not a great idea. Lots of loose bits that kept falling out of the sandwich and into my lap. Or into the seat of the car. Especially the poppy seeds. So next time I'll have something else. But it was sure yummy!Note: This Sonic location also has covered tables and a dining room if you'd prefer to get out of your car.
3	Sonic and I had quite the love affair during my college years...oh those late night cravings! Every now and then I still need to get my chicken popper and shake fix...and they have yet to let me down. Although it has been years...where did the peanut butter chocolate shake option go?!!There aren't too many Sonics in Charlotte (I'm used to a lot coming from Texas). While few and far between, this location is conveniently located off I-77. This one gives you plenty of dining options...drive-thru (although you still wait in your car and they still bring out your order), the pull-up and order slot (you can use your plastic here), and the dine-in or patio option.
1	GrrrrHated it!I love this chain,but hate this location!
3	When you want a great limeade...this is the place to go!It was happy hour...and who doesnt love a good happy hour?!!?! So I ordered a strawberry limeage and a side of tater tots!The limeade was great, it had lots of strawberries in it and it was cool and refreshing! I like that they give you a mint on top! However, my tots were just warm, so I didn't finish them and if you've every had cold or lukewarm fries you know what I mean when I say...ughOverall, I would give them another chance, I mean it was happy hour! Next time I'll try something else off the menu and see if I'm impressed. On a positive note, car hop that brought my drink and taters out was super sweet! She was upbeat and friendly and encouraged me to come back! So because of her Sonic...you get an additional star!
4	I love Sonic. When I was away from Charlotte I would go to a Sonic to help me get over my homesickness. Sonic off Arrowood Rd is awesome. I have never had bad service and the food has always been great. I love the milkshakes and they have great hot dogs. You should go there for a sundae you will not be disappointed
4	After lunch, I decided I needed to get the taste of salad out of my mouth, and what better way to do that than with a milkshake?  Yes ma'am!  I thought there was a Sonic near where I had lunch, but wasn't quite sure where - thanks, Yelp app.  Located on Arrowood just off of the 77 exits, the drive-thru line was kind of long when I pulled up, but quickly moved along.  Instead of a drive-thru window to pick up your food, they have employees running in and out with your food on trays.  Again I thought that would be slow, but the folks were moving pretty darn quickly.  If you pay with a card, they will have to go back inside to scan it, but even that was a pretty quick process.  The youngster who brought my milkshake to me was smiling and quite friendly.My small shake was $2.69 and I was on my way relatively quickly.  It was creamy and thick, with a good dose of whipped cream and a cherry on top.  I don't know that I would eat lunch there (they have drive-in service as well as some indoor seating), but if I needed another milkshake, I wouldn't hesitate to stop by for friendly service.
3	I used to LOVE Sonic when I lived in NC, but since we moved to MD, there isn't one near me.  I revisited my long lost love while in Charlotte on vacation and was somewhat dissapointed.  I don't remember them microwaving their chili dogs and the tater-tots seemed very old....  The only reason I give it 3 stars is because the server was great.  He was very attentive and quick.
1	This review is specific to there chilli dogs. I went expecting the worst, and they were worse than I expected. One word: Nasty!
3	Hello Friends, For what its worth, this is a nice easy date spot, as it takes you back in time to the good ol days. I do remember at one point in time the car hops were on roller skates. Now days, either not so much, or the guys were "too cool" for skates. Opting for their own pair of Nike's. I do love the menu. Believe it or not, this is only my second time trying this type of place out. It's like the old Town & Country (Wilkingson Blvd) or 21 South. If you've been to either of those places, consider this the perverbial fast food of the two. It's still fast food.  TTFN
1	Just went there, had not been to a Sonic in awhile, now know why so many have closed.  I ordered a double cheeseburger without onions with mayonnaise, had to try to order three different times, she would not listen.  When my burger comes out, it is full of onions, no mayonnaise, and COVERED in mustard.  They offered to  make another burger but I did not want one at that point and am now feeling kind of nauseated from what I ate.
1	As a huge sonic fan this is by far the worst sonic I have ever been to. The service, seeing as how there wasn't many people there (wonder why), was slow. The credit card machine in my parking spot was broken. When I told the car hop she did not really seem to care. Once I got back home, which was across the street, my food was cold and very sloppily put together. I had a chili dog. Nothing crazy. The staple of sonic drive ins. By reading the other reviews, poor decision hindsight, this place is in desperate need of some new management.
1	Just came back from there, and was pretty disappointed. The inside dining area was a wreck (dirty tables, food on the floor, table side order phones out of order, etc).  They weren't particularly busy, and several employees were hanging around talking to one another.My food came out relatively quickly, but was not complete, and even after alerting them of this and waiting on them, I had to remind them five minutes later to give me my missing items, at which point they seemed even more confused. To top it off, the restroom was filthy and there were no paper towels, and I even saw an employee go in and use the restroom, and come out without remedying the situation...hope he at least washed his hands :/Given the state of this place, I have to wonder. I want to like this place, but it scored an F on this visit.  Fast food doesn't have to be messy, crummy, and lacking in service...just look at chick-fil-a.
