5	This is a locally owned shop run by one of the best mechanics in town.  You will not find better bike service anywhere in the valley.  The work is good, the results are clean and the prices are fair.  As others mentioned, this shop is run by the owners and their pride in workmanship really shows through.  Before Curbside arrived, I used to visit multiple shops for parts and service. With Curbside's detail focused delivery, I have found my new bike shop.  Any service work is always thoroughly explained such to the point that I've learned more about how bikes work from the mechanic here than from the three other area shops that I used to visit.  Their pride in workmanship will keep me coming back.
5	Couldn't be happier ! Special order on a new bike, a jumbo frame, no problem. The bike was ordered, built and in my hands in 5 days. Very professional husband and wife team. Great service and fair price. I have found my new bike shop.
5	This shop is one of the best I have found, I live in chandler and live less than 2 miles away from other shops, But instead i love going here. The prices are always excellent and the mechanic is always willing to help, One time he even took about 30 minutes trying to fix a part for me. I recommend this shop to everyone in the area as well as surrounding areas, give them a visit as it will be worth it.
5	Curbside Cyclery is one of the best I've found.  Mike is very knowledgeable and an excellent mechanic (at reasonable prices!).  This has become my repair/maintenance destination for all of my needs to keep my ride rolling safely (and quickly!?) down the pavement - even though it's on the opposite side of the valley from me (but I do work somewhat close).Highly recommend - great selection and expert honest advice!
5	I have purchased a bike here and several other parts. This is by far the most helpful bike store I have ever been to. The owner takes his time to explain how to fix various components. He's very knowledgeable as well.
5	What a great experience. Small businesses everywhere could learn a lot from Curbside. Superior products, excellent service, very knowledgeable, fairly priced and overall a very comfortable experience. Mike and Steph seem to love what they do and it shows. They'll get my business every time.
5	Finally a shop that can fix my bike properly and also genuinely care about the work they do.  I have had my shocks rebuilt, bike tuned and a few other repairs. They did an awesome job.  Highly recommend them
5	I can't say enough about the amazing service that Mike and his wife provide. I found this shop by luck and thank god I did. I will never let anyone but Mike touch my bike again. His experience as one of the best shows. Great job guys.
5	Mike couldn't have been more helpful. We came in town for SOMA 70.3 and dropped our bikes with him after we landed on Friday and he had them ready when he opened Saturday morning. Bikes worked great for the race! Had them delivered to him at the end of his day Sunday after the race and he boxed them up and had them ready in the morning for our flight. He assembled bikes for probably 4 people on our team and it worked well for everyone. Thank you so much for such excellent service!
