2	I needed replacement front brake pads, rotors, and calipers so I checked out Yelp for some nearby brake shops. It just so happened that I had a $50 coupon from that days mail for brake service from Purrfect Auto so I checked them out. There were mixed reviews on yelp for the other purrfect shop locations around town and none for this particular location so I just went hoping for the best. They did good work but that doesn't say very much, it was a brake job after all, I could've done it if I wasn't so lazy. Where they failed, the reason why i gave them 2 stars essentially is that the customer service was horrible. On the initial trip in to get it diagnosed I secretly eavesdropped on the previous customer and noticed that this was not a haggle free zone! For some of you that might be a scary proposition but for a a clever deal maker like myself this was everything I could ever wish for. The guys were your typical sleazy car repairmen and the haggle is always on with them, even after all the deal making is done its hard to somehow not feel like they still managed to sneak something by you. They told me the repair would be done around a certain time and when i called at that time to check up no one answered. I called again 30min later w/ the same result, very odd. At the 45 min mark I finally got someone and they told me the vehicle was ready. Good news is if you can handle the back and forth dealing etc you'll walk away with a pretty decently priced repair but for most people the headache involved in dealing with these guys would make them want to rate it with 2 stars to be honest. Go there if you dont have other alternatives but be on guard
1	I totally agree with Adam R. My father-in-law used to be a mechanic here-they pay commission only and if they got someone like Adam they would loosen his oil bolt or slightly turn the distributor or something else evil. Some Arabs own the place and encourage sutting corners so find a reliable guy don't go because its cheap. You will get what you pay for
1	I guess there isn't any surprise here.. a quick Google search for "Purrfect Auto Service" and you'll hear plenty of horror stories without the sight of a positive review. But dammit, their coupons that are often mailed to you are just so tempting! As a new resident to Nevada, I came here for a mandatory $10 smog. Guy claims I won't pass, which I doubted because I passed the CA smog just 3 months earlier, but I really needed to make it to the DMV today to register my car. So he says I need some "cleaning service" for $50, which regrettably I said ok too. 5 minutes later and he's done. Awesome, $50 for 5 minutes labor. Tip: Don't fall for their BS upsell and just ask for the smog to be completed. Or BETTER YET, visit another place, their are many places that do smogs for $10-20.
1	SHADY AND DISHONEST,  LIARS!The first three words that come to mind.  I am not usually in the business of writing a scathing review, but for this place I will make an exception. Stay AWAY from them.  There is a reason that all the other auto repair shops are bustling around them and they aren't busy.  My start of dealing with them began when my check engine light came on.  Took it to them, told me that they would run diagnostics for 89.99.  Any charge would come off of the repair.  I made it a point to ask them what if I get a cheaper estimate somewhere else?  I was told they would price match ANY estimate I received.  They ran diagnostics and supposedly my Ignition Control Module and my O2 sensor was bad. Quoted 254.50 for the Ignition Module, 227.80 for the O2 sensor.  Mike said if I didn't get the Ignition Module done I would be left stranded.   I said thanks, can't get it done right now but will be back tomorrow.  Was gonna leave the o2 sensor for a little bit.   I went to Auto Zone, had them run the codes, and NOTHING regarding the ignition module, I was told by two different mechanic shops after that there would be a engine misfire code if the module was bad.  O2 Sensor and the Cam sensor were coding.  Called two more mechanics,  quotes of  $145 and $165    for the Ignition module.  (if it was bad, they would diagnose for free)  So I called Purrfect, spoke to Mike  and said I had a quote for more than $100 less,  where's my pricematch?  He said, well that was for a factory part, do you want an aftermarket?  I said yes, sure,  aftermarket fine,  the part is $80.  So are you going to pricematch my $145 estimate.  He said, Oh no, I can't do that,  best I can do is $170.  REALLY  you said Pricematch, that's no match!    So here I am today after a new mechanic,  only thing wrong seems to be a cam sensor,  it threw off the o2 sensor.  The part you ask?  $15.99  (Which there is no mention of this on my paperwork from Purrfect)  I called to try to at least get a oil change for my 90 bucks I had spent on the diagnosis that they swore could be subtracted back from any work done and they wouldn't even do that.  Thank you Mike and Carlos at Purrfect auto,  I should have listened when everyone told me you were rip off artists.BTW, Mike told me he didn't care if he fixed my car or not,  he gets paid either way, for working or sitting on his ass.  Awesome work ethic....and that was while he was still being nice to me.I stand behind this review 100%  I wouldn't let them change the bearings on my skates.
1	Took a while to update this,  but made a better business bureau complaint and they couldn't be bothered to even answer the BBB.  Yep,  they suck...
4	In Oct 2013 came here for a smog check:- Finished my car in about 15 minutes.- Prices were low and the staff seemed friendly.- May just get my annual smog check here.
5	Great service, courteous staff and probably cheapest smog in town. Highly recommended.
5	Dude, some of these reviews are bogus. I needed an oil change BAD, so I went to Walmart, saw the prices, and walked right out. Found this place via google and drove down the street to it. I paid dirt cheap for my oil change, the employees are super helpful and friendly. They pointed out a secondary issue with a gasket, gave me a good price, and I will be coming back, Thank you Purrfect Auto!
