4	The food was excellent and the servers are attentive but not overbearing. The restaurant is gorgeous with dark wood and comfy seats. The menu has lots of options including hibachi, teriyaki and sushi if that's  your thing. Overall it's a very nice experience.
3	If you asked me a few weeks ago, I would have given it 4 stars; but during my last two recent visits I have had some complaints. When they first opened, the food was served on nice plates and bowls with nice flatware. Now, they serve everything in plastic and styrofoam, big negative when I am spending around $14 for a combo. The food is better than most other casual Japanese spots in Charlotte and the interior is impressive. Everything is nice and new with comfortable booths all around. Great for my occasional hibachi craving. Bring back the nice dinnerware and I'll be able to justify dining here more often.
5	Among the best sushi in Charlotte! Easily better than Ru San and the Park Rd Sushi 101. The Hibachi steak and chicken are also very good. The staff was friendly and attentive. Prices are in line with average Japanese restaurants, rolls are $7-15, Hibachi around $10-15 depending on if you get shrimp or two meats.
1	I wish I could comment on this restaurant's food, but I was not given the opportunity to eat any. I arrived at the restaurant on a Friday evening at 9:20 pm, open sign absolutely BLARING on the front and back of the restaurant, and checked the hours sign on the door on the way in to ensure the restaurant wasn't closing at 9:30 (I'm not that person!). I was greeted by a glum hostess who just stared at me and then says, "um, we're about to close soon... at 10:00." More staring ensues and I just turned and walked out. I can't have a meal at an EXPRESS restaurant 40 minutes prior to their closing?! The place was completely empty of patrons, by the way. Their booming business clearly didn't need one more customer. I was/am so po'd by this experience that I will never ever return. If you're in the mood for Japanese nearby, swing by Edomae in the Target lot.
3	Saturday night and we were looking to go out, have some nice dinner...we were going to try out P.F. Changs since we had never been to it. Alas, two hour wait! No way. So a short walk later we found Kyo. The inside was very nicely decorated, very quite, not many people.We ordered two specialty rolls: The Golden Roll (which on the board it looked like the Goiden roll)  and the Four Seasons. Also, a miso soup that was simple and satisfying.The Four Seasons was not very exciting, but good, tasted fresh. The Golden roll however was great. A big chunk of  deep fried soft shell crab, some more crab bits that were super delicious, good size...an overall great choice.  The service was polite, the food took a little bit but nothing I mind.  It made me think that it was a shame to have a two hour wait some short steps away and crickets chirping here because we left very satisfied with the food and the experience.  I will give it three stars for now and hopefully update it when I have a chance to come back.I am not sure what Kevin K. is saying about getting plastic and styrofoam instead of the nice plates. We got everything on nice plates. Maybe they brought them back?
5	http://sundaywithachanceofmeatballs.com/2014/02/25/why-i-started-this-site/
4	Great place. Stopped by on a whim to find sushi. The staff was engaging and very kind. They had great suggestions on not just what is good but their personal favorites, which is nice since it isn't just them pushing the expensive rolls.  The food took a little to get out initially but after that it took no time. Wonderful place and I suggest the Joah Ark roll
4	Service was friendly and checked on me regularly. The seaweed salad I ordered was huge. For rolls I got the Crunchy Roll ($5 crab, asparagus, crunch) and Salmon Dream ($9 Spicy Salmon and Crunch topped with Salmon and Avocado). The rolls were both decent for the price though I could tell the salmon wasn't the best quality. Overall a positive experience.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Charlotte to have lunch. I can get fresh, delicious sushi for the same price I'd pay another restaurant to make a sandwich or something I can easily make at home. The food is excellent. The restaurant is exceptionally clean and the wait staff and employees are very nice and attentive.I'd give Kyo Cafe 10 stars if I had that option!
2	Service was pretty good but the food was just "meh." Sushi wasn't that great, and the hibachi was sub-par (the lack of shrimp sauce was a big strike). Steak was tough and overcooked. The shrimp were dry and overcooked. Nothing special.
3	Sadly the food has decreased in quality since my last review. I thought it was a fluke the last time I was here but it seems to be true. Unfortunately I think the decrease in business has led to the decrease in quality of food and this cycle is very hard to break out of.
5	Always wonderful! Sundaywirhachanceofmeatballs.com loves this place!Service is fantastic, sushi is amazing!
4	I stopped here on my lunch break. The first thing that struck me was how nice the ambience was. I was greeted within 15 seconds of walking through the door and immediately seated. My girlfriend and I each ordered a sushi roll. I had the Golden roll which was absolutely wonderful! The perfect amount of spice and fried crab. My girlfriend had the Surfer roll which she was quite pleased with. The waitress was friendly, and we were served our food within minutes of ordering.I only took away a star because the special (buy one sushi roll, get the 2nd half off) was never brought to our attention. If my girlfriend had not noticed it on a chalkboard sign near the door, we would not have taken advantage of the deal. Over all: a great place for afternoon sushi!
4	They give you a lot of food. They have good food. I order takeout from them all the time. Pretty fast delivery.
5	Great sushi place that is not too busy. Sushi looks better (and tastes better) than the menu would suggest.
5	Absolutely the best sushi I have had in a long time. Got 3 special rolls( Cherry Blossom, The Surfer and Samurai). There are a lot of sushi places in charlotte but this is probably one of the better smaller restaurants.
