4	Let's be honest here.If "Spring Is For Lovers" then "Summer Is For Others".I mean, honestly, who wants to be tied down in Vegas during Pool Party Season?Who?So, in the interest of your best, I've decided to make things a tad easier on you when you decide to break up with that pasty ball of dough you managed to make it through a gift certificate from The Gap at Christmas and some Walgreens chocolates on Valentines Day with.But wait Mon Petite Lothario, in the interest of saving you a bit of embarrassment, I've also included the places you DON'T want to break up! After all, a breakup can be easy like KY on a Turkey baster or messy like ,well, any member of the Lohan family.No one likes messy.No. One.Herewith, the best places IN THE LV to break(and NOT)up with a not so significant anymore other.Really.I swear.TO BREAK UP WITH A VIEW:SKYJUMP LAS VEGAS @ THE STRATOSPHERE2000 Las Vegas Boulevard South Las Vegas, NV 89104After a short lesson in safety (not that you care anymore), your loved one is strapped in a harness 108 stories above The Strip and standing on the edge of the tallest building West of someplace I'm not interested in.A quick kiss.The words, "I'm thinking we should see other people".A quick shove.Voila!You are free!Best part? The elevators at The Stratosphere are so fast that you can probably wave goodbye from the street below just about the time your freshly ex is hovering over the pavement safely in that harness.Best $100 you've ever spent.That harness, I mean.Jump Hours: 12pm - 7pmStore Hours: 10am - 10pm$99.99 Per JumpPACKAGE 1: Jump/DVD $114.99In addition to the jump, get a DVD recording of the event.PACKAGE 2: Jump/DVD/PHOTO $129.99Includes one jump, a DVD record of the event and a photo of the high flyer.PACKAGE 3: Jump/T-Shirt/DVD $130.99Your jump comes with one T-shirt plus a DVD documenting the event.http://vegasstyleguy.blogspot.com/
4	The only way to live life, by jumping off a tall building!Since I tend to get bored on roller coasters, this is one way to get a thrill. Just awesome. When you're up there, your like WTF was I thinking. Hearing stories of people freezing up doesn't help either. You also sign your life away with a waiver!This is actually a controlled descent with a cable guiding you down, not a true bungee jumping or skydiving experience, but should give you a taste of it.Price is $100 per jump, $50 for  re-jump. $115 for Jump + DVD. $130 for Jump + DVD + Photo. $131 for Jump + DVD + T-Shirt. The photo is shot at the bottom and top, not while you're falling. Disappointing. You need to make reservations because they appear to always be booked. The DVD includes a video of you being strapped on the top all the way to the bottom as you fall. Worth it just for memories. Just don't expect great quality on the video.Its one of those things you do in life that you just do it for the sake of doing. Do it while your stupid and young! Worth $100? Maybe.Next: Skydiving!                     XX                       XX                     XX                     XX                     XX           ____________            \                        /             \ XXXXXXXX  /               \ XXXXXXX /                \_______/                   \    \     /   /                    \    \  /    /                    \          /                                          \        /                      "WTF AM I DOING?!"                     |      |                  O                            |      |                  \|/                                |      |                   |                             |      |                  / \                     |      |                            |      |                            |      |                            |      |                            |      |                            |      |                            |      |                            |      |                            |      |                            |      |                            |      |                            |      |                           /        \                  /   /  \     \                /    /     \    \              /     /       \    \             -----------------Note: Figure not drawn to scale
3	So first of all, this review is just to give a little advice to those interested in going. I did not actually get to jump...which was a bummer. I was going here with some of my buddies and ready to kick of my bachelor party weekend by throwing ourselves off of the stratosphere, good idea right? So...we did not make a reservation due to the fact the staff advised us one day prior that it should not be a big deal and they would not be busy...wrong. So after coming back 2 hours later we were ready to go. Got all suited up with jump suit and harness..woooohh!! They then took us to the top floor, platform area. We had watched a couple people jump and were getting amped up! Then...the jump operator came out behind the enclosed area and said "so it is too windy and we have to close the ride, you guys can wait if you want but we don't know if we will reopen". So after getting all amped up we were given this bad news. Got taken back down, took off all the gear and got a full refund. Spent a total of 3 hours of our day trying to do the jump and got shot down...I know weather is not anything they can control, but you might want to check the wind/weather report before going. We actually had checked the weather report but it was much more windy up top than we had expected. I hope I will get a chance to actually take the jump one day....
5	If you're an adrenaline junkie, the SkyJump at the Stratosphere Casino and Hotel is one of the great attractions of Las Vegas. Where else can you jump off a building to the ground 855 feet below?It's not a true freefall like a bungee jump or skydiving, but it's plenty fast, and it's amazing to stand with your toes over the edge of the platform like a pirate about to walk the plank. The circular target far below looks really small, and remains looking small until you're almost at the bottom. At the SkyJump store near the bottom of the building, you're asked to use a locker to store any loose items in your pocket or elsewhere (even including a wristwatch). You put on a jumpsuit and are then fitted into a very snug harness. A worker leads you to the elevator and accompanies you to the top, where you wait in a small "holding pen" for the jump. When your turn comes, two "jumpmasters" check your harness, hook you up to the cable, ask you to step to the edge of the platform, and do a quick countdown to the jump. I was impressed by the conscientiousness of the jumpmasters. After you jump, the feet-first descent is over all too soon, and you end up at a padded landing site just outside the SkyJump store.  Most jumpers remain standing, while a few (including me) fall to their knees on the pad.Technically, the jump is called a controlled descent or decelerator descent. The jumpmasters attach you to the end of a very long cable, most of which is wound about a large spool. The spool is cleverly constructed with a variable radius -- mostly large, but dwindling to a small radius at one end. As you approach the bottom, the last part of the cable to unwind is on this small section, and that's what slows you down at the last moment. Also, the spool is attached to a fan-like mechanism; the air resistance of this fan limits your top speed to about 40 mph.The web site refers to a short "safety lesson", but I never received that. Fortunately, it didn't seem to matter.The brightly colored jumpsuit seems unnecessary, but it makes you a mini-celebrity from the time you leave the store to the time you make the jump. There is usually a crowd of onlookers around the SkyJump area on the 108th floor Observation Deck, and they often ask questions as you're waiting your turn. It's also fun to eavesdrop on the comments from onlookers.  ("These people are crazy." "My Lord, I'd never do that.")My only complaint is that $100 is a little steep for such a brief experience. (If you want a DVD or various other souvenirs, the price is somewhat higher.) Of course, the excitement is not just in the jump itself, but the anticipation of the jump as you get ready and as your turn approaches.Most people jump promptly at the end of the countdown.  Occasionally, a jumper freezes and takes a bit of time before making the plunge.  About one person a day "chickens out" altogether. There is a weight limit of 275 pounds.  Because this includes your street clothing and the jumpsuit and harness, your body weight shouldn't exceed about 265.  If you're close to the limit, don't indulge in too many all-you-can-eat Vegas buffets before jumping.The Stratosphere is the tallest building in Las Vegas, and easily visible from most places in the city.  After doing the SkyJump, you'll think about it every time you see the Stratosphere in the distance.  As the plane was taking off this morning, I was looking out at the Stratosphere and thinking, "Cool -- I jumped off that building last night."
5	I loved the SkyJump in Las Vegas. I'm not a true adrenaline junkie as I'd never do any of the other rides at the top of the Stratosphere but his experience HAD to be done.I only had two issues: One, we were over an hour behind. Most likely due to people hesitating. I hesitated for 20 seconds but the girl before me took 10 minutes. It is a 17 second jump so that's a long time to hesitate. Two, the harness was too snug around my legs. Everything else was awesome. Standing on the edge of that platform right before jumping is exhilarating and then you jump or step off or throw yourself off and you fly!If you have $100 and a couple hours in Vegas you have to do this. Get the DVD also. Its a poor quality video but its clear enough to watch yourself jump from top to bottom.
5	My husband and I jumped at midnight on 4th of July. From start to finish, we were done in an hour and a half. The ride was absolutely amazing! The staff is highly skilled and you go through numerous safety checks before you are able to jump. I was worried about a roller coaster stomach feeling, not at all. Felt more like a fast zip line straight down. I recommend that you jump at night, the views of the lights and skyline are spectacular. Highly recommended and will definitely do it again.
2	It's hard to judge Sky Jump especially since I haven't come across anything like it. It's a mix between Zip-lining and B.A.S.E jumping. It's nothing like skydiving and extremely overrated. I found part of the staff very cold and all business. The floor staff (they take your cash and fit your harness) made the process very mechanical and completely overlooked the natural excitement of the event. None asked my name, asked where I was from, made eye contact or even considered me human :(The staff at the top of the Stratosphere (108 floors up) was much nicer and grounded. Not only did they check the robots (floor staff's) work but they interacted with me. I'm still alive so I guess I can't complain much...or can I. Two stars for you and that's only because I'M ALIVE...I purchased the DVD thinking it would be DVD quality and boy was I stupid. The video quality was crap at best. If you are an adventure junkie you'll be disappointed. If you are a soccer mom you'll love it. I wouldn't do it again or recommend it.
5	Some people go to Vegas for the sin, others go for the food, and for my first visit out there I opted for straight up adrenaline!!I've pretty much been all over the country on the best rollercoasters and attractions.  The rides on top of the Stratosphere tower have always had a bit of mystery and allure to them because of the height and view .     When I stumbled across this new addition to the tower I knew I had to at least give it serious consideration.   I am after all the guy who wont walk up and talk to a cute girl I don't know but  I can somehow muster up the courage to step off a 3 ft. ledge nearly 900 feet high in the sky!!  Almost 85 percent of the $100 dollars you pay for this thrill happens completely in your mind.    From the moment you arrive at the Stratosphere the attraction is viewable in front of the tower and all the way down the South view of the strip.    The ultra high tower taunts you as you squint up barely making out the confetti sized blue deck you step off from almost 900 feet high in the sky.    If you wait around long enough you can watch other jumpers make the descent a few times and talk yourself in and out of doing the attraction.Earlier in the day I took the ride up the Paris Hotel Eiffel tower to its observation deck which is a mere 500 feet high.    Knowing I was heading toward the Sky Jump freaked me out when I realized that was nearly 400 feet higher.   Damn at 500 feet those cars look like giant army ants.  What's the view going to be like when my toes are hanging over the edge and the only way to the ground is down?Whats an extra 300-400 feet?    :  )Eventually my scheduled time for mental torture came and it was time to suit up.   The suit up space is located just inside of where actual jumpers finish their descent and land/  While you are psyching yourself up for the jump you are at least slightly relieved to see that everyone comes back alive and with a big grin on their face.    I had my friend who was a photographer document the whole experience and I was as pale as a ghost.   I was just wondering if I would freak out when placed on that ledge nearly 900 feet off the ground.Once you take the ride up you can still give up but your not getting your money back so it's time to man up and just do it.     You actually get to watch the riders have their harnesses checked and rechecked and rechecked again.  They are led out to the launch deck, strapped to the harness and then once the wires rewind given a chance to enjoy the view for a quick minute and are instructed at the countdown to step off or lean forward.  From inside the viewing deck you can see them fall off and then disappear out of side rapidly.    At this point i was just like whatever, no time to back out now.  I happily volunteered among the three flight buddies I rode up with to go first.      I was ready to fly baby!!    The view from that ledge is freaking spectacular.   My jump was just as the sun was disappearing behind the horizon so I got a a completely unobstructed view of Las-Vegas no photo can match in place of the experience.   The operators basically make you place half your feet off the ledge and lean forward while holding on to the railing at the sides behind you.  It is a very awkward feeling.    3, 2, 1 and I leaned forward and let go and I was off... the wind in my face and the ground way down below I had won the mental battle.   Due to the way the harness holds you I recommend once jumping to try  to pitch yourself forward while falling so you fall more flat until you start to slow down.   This simulates the feel of an actual base jump a little bit more closely.    As others have pointed out its not an actual freefall but somewhere in between a base jump and a controlled stunt jump.  The real ride happens in your head all the way just right up to the point of stepping off the ledge.  I would do it again for free and would definitely pay if they allowed you to freefall  along the wire a bit like the skycoaster experience.If your looking to do something unique and catch a view of Vegas not very many people get to experience definitely consider the Sky Jump attraction.      I purchased the dvd but skipped the photos... which are a major ripoff.   The dvd could also have sound if they really wanted to make it worth what you pay for the attraction.  As it is it is just silent video while the camera follows you off the ledge and down on the adjacent wires...  I am definitely happy I did this and did not back down.  I would have regretted coming back to Miami not having conquered my mental fear of that tiny ledge you step away from toward your blissful descent.  A top notch and unique experience all the way around!!  Highly Recommended!!!:  )
4	I was the only one in my group to even attempt this crazy adventure.  Located very, very north on The Strip, it is somewhat of a pain to get to, though riding any of the buses will get you there.  Though reservations were not necessary, as I just walked up to do it, it is somewhat recommended in order to accommodate certain times.  Luckily for me, there was slot an hour from when I purchased my jump so I walked around The Strat playing the floor while I waited.  Some might not be so lucky.   One of the very nice things about the process is that the staff allows any fence-sitters to view on the tv, behind the counter, the current jumpers and even allows them to head outside to the landing pad to watch the whole ordeal.  As I made my way to the jump, the staff checked and double-checked my straps for the jump suit and to ensure I am in the appropriate weight limit.  The staff went step-by-step the procedure of the jump and eventually leads you out to a platform overlooking The Strat.  Then they let you jump/walk off.  Though many nay sayer would complain of the "control" of the jump, it was actually very fun.  The strap and connectors only regulated the landing and allowed free fall for a majority of the way down.  My only real complaint, and initial point of hesitation, was the price of the jump, but it all turned out to be worth it.  It's definitely something different on The Strip.
4	Are you willing to jump off of a building 855 feet off the ground? I did. And it was fun! I did at night, so the view was spectacular. The ocean of neon spread out below, the wind in your face, the brief feeling of weightlessness- all quite fun and well worth doing. As others have said, the hardest part is actually pushing yourself forward over the edge. Once you begin "free-fall", you're really zip-lining almost vertically along the base of the tower. The speed is slightly less than I had imagined, so I was a little disappointed. Still, it's quite an experience. It feels a bit safer than skydiving and it's FUN! The deceleration was a bit rough. I do think that at $100 it's a bit expensive- for about $115 you get a photo booklet and a dvd of your jump. It's worth the extra $15, because it's so entertaining to watch yourself falling. It's not a face-shot, but you see your entire body and the city behind you as you fall, so it's still pretty cool. I prefer it this way, actually, because I don't have to see what kind of horrid faces I was making the entire way. Besides, there's a 76 year old woman who's done the jump 8+ times. Are you REALLY going to be outdone by her? ;}
4	You have to do this... The only not so good thing is that you never free fall. You are connected to a tight cable the whole time so from the moment you lean over the edge you can feel the pull of the cable. Other than that you still get to jump off the highest building in Vegas!
5	I have a crazy best friend. We did sky dive in Monterey for her birthday back in 2009, and this year for her birthday she mentioned something called the Stratosphere. She's the kind of friend who likes to do random things, see this, go there, and makes all these plans. Thinking Stratosphere was some kind of ride or possibly some acrobatic event, like a good friend, I said, "Sure, why not?" See what happens when you don't have all the facts?Two months later, I find out it is not the kind of ride I was thinking.$99.99 and another $15 for a dvd (very grainy) and photograph of you with and the "instructor" prior to the jump. Gotta document this event, so why not?Don't wear any loose clothing, shoes that won't fly out, or dangly jewelry. They will provide a locked to you at no extra cost.Not really too keen on the employees downstairs. We came at around 11pm for our scheduled 12am jump. We had pushed our time an hour later, and I guess they don't update their records, and didn't even know this. The thin brunette girl behind the register did not seem like she wanted to be there at all because I would either see her grudgingly do something or stare into space. Luckily the blonde Caucasian girl who was suiting me up was super friendly and KNEW (or at least seemed to) what she was doing. I was observing the two other male employees with Dragon Ball Z or "guido" hair, and they were slightly better than the other girl staring into space, but just doing the bare minimum. Seems like everyone hates their jobs here. This lack of enthusiasm or even good customer service, worried us.After we were suited up, we were brought upstairs, by another employee with more exuberance (thank goodness). They offer a package with a shot before the jump, which you take at the bar facing the pit. By the way, not only do you have an audience of people downstairs, you have some at the bar as well.We felt much better seeing how the instructors upstairs work. You can tell that they take a lot of precautions (two employees mimimum in the pit, and the doors are immediately shut once you enter, as well as you both are always anchored to something) They don't explain much outside of that so there isn't any "training" or video you have to watch prior. All you have to do is not chicken out. I wanted to so bad, but my friends wrath is worse than dying. The Hawaiian guy (and his Hawaiian music) did much to reassure me that it would be okay. Make a request to face inwards (rather than the regular outwards), and it will make it a little less scary. Don't worry, you'll still get turned around facing the view as you go down.Everything happens really fast, and before you know it, you'll want to go again. So worth it
3	This was kinda fun but not nearly enough! No free fall, it is a controlled fall at only 45 mph. The best part was right before you jump. Then...you slowly descend. You should have at least half way down in true free fall.  Then I would give it 5 stars.
5	When a couple of friends from work told me they were going to jump off the Stratosphere, I was all over joining in!I called to make a reservation weeks ahead and paid the $99.99 necessary to keep your spot.  They told me I could get a package including a dvd and photo for only $30 extra.  I didn't want to pay for it ahead of time but they said it was fine to decide when I got there.In the weeks before our jump, I watched a couple of YouTube videos of people's jumps, shot by friends watching from the ground, and thought eh - it looks like such a slow fall...and seriously considered canceling.  It just didn't look scary enough!Joining in with my friends won out though, and when we arrived a half hour before our appointment times, I was glad I hadn't canceled.  But I still wasn't super excited about the jump itself.They checked us in and told us we could watch our dvds and see our pictures after our jump and decide whether we wanted to buy them then.  Which we thought was super cool!They had us put our stuff in a locker then suited and harnessed us up and took us up the elevator to the top of the tower.  When we got off the elevator, this huge view of Vegas from panoramic-view windows 855 feet off the ground (108 floors up), started to get me excited...because it finally DID feel scary!We waited our turns from right inside a door that was next to the jumping platform.  Watching from that close looked even SCARIER - and now my legs felt a little wobbly and I got giddy!I went first - they checked my harness, took a couple of pics, pointed out the camera, and had me stand at the edge for a count of 3.And then I jumped!!!!!It was faster falling than I thought, windy, my hair was blowing all over the place, and the whole city leaped up at me!!  Aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!I landed softly on my feet about 10-15 seconds later, and got out of my suit and harness fast enough to be ready to take pics of my friends coming down.  Woooohoooo!!!  The rush lasted a while for me, and I talked and joked with the people watching around the landing platform.  It was a super fun place to be - and there were even lounge chaises for people to lie on and watch the jumpers.Yaaaaay!!!!  Fuuuuuuun!!!!!!We were checking out and watching our videos when we had a little damper on the funzies.  They told us that the dvd would be $27.03 and the pics would be $21.61.What happened to the package deal? - we asked.  They said "oh, you can't upgrade *after* you jump".We had never been told that, so there was some grumbling about it.  Even though we were about to pay the higher fee, Kim was nice enough to let us upgrade to the $30 dvd+photo package.  And then she even corrected the spelling of my friend's name on her jump certificate without her asking - which we thought was super nice.This is likely not something I need to do again, but I would recommend it to anyone who hasn't done it before.  Just make sure you get the dvd+photo upgrade - you WILL want them!
3	A not-so-cheap thrill. It cost us around $100 each and you definitely need to make a reservation ahead of time! It's kind of like a vertical zip-line. You get a great view of the city on the way down! It only takes a few seconds to drop the 855 feet. Not that scary if you've already been skydiving or bungee jumping, but you still get a little adrenaline rush. It's worth doing once.
4	There are already some good descriptions of the experience such as by Lucy Y and Meg B.  As such, I will try not to duplicate a lot of that information. Back in the day, I did a bungee jump from a height of 140 feet off a bridge.  Despite the height difference, I would say that I felt more secure here due to the apparatus you are in which seems similar to parachute equipment.  For the bungee jump, I was just tied in by my ankles.  Also, the team here put you through a series of activities and questions before telling you to jump on the count of 3.  It was a natural progression to the end of the ledge and to jumping.   On the bungee experience, the people who strapped me in just talked between themselves and when they were done just told me to go to the edge and jump.  As such, it allowed me too much time to think about the pending fall.  Finally, there is a much longer ride here allowing you to shout that you are King of the World, do some Superman poses, etc. on the way down.Don't get me wrong.  You are way up there (855 feet) on a ledge with the wind blowing and going against your protective instincts. Just focus on something like a building in the the distance (don't look down) and jump when they tell you to.  Enjoy the ride!
5	If you are going to Las Vegas plan on doing the SkyJump its well worth the price and I would like to do it again on my next trip out!
2	Meh...  If you guys want to go know these things:1) Make reservations over the phone.  The line is always 30 min long (even if there are 2 people in line)2) Know that they are 30 mins behind3) Know that the staff in the store are jerks and could are less about you and your appointment.I am in the store now waiting for my jump... And I'm sure its fun, but seriously, don't expect any customer service.If you expect jerks, then you will have a great time.
3	the only other time i will say this to anyone is at their wedding before they say 'I do": DONT DO IT!i was expecting this jump to have the same excitement/experience as base jumping.  unfortunately, i had more fun watching the fountain show at bellagio.  this jump is very similar to those rides you see at fairs & other amusement parks; where they hoist you to the top, release you & you swing back & forth for awhile.this is at the stratosphere hotel in las vegas, so there's always a surplus of adventure-goers who want to experience this ride.  definitely call early to make an appointment (good luck showing up & getting a spot).  once you get there, you put on your suit & watch jumpers ahead of you on a tv screen.  then you are taken upstairs to the actual jump site.  this was the only point in time when i got real nervous; only because when you get out of the elevator, there are hundreds of tourists & spectators watching the jumps & muttering phrases like, "you gotta pay me to do that" or "can we jump drunk?"  jumpers are then led into a tiny room, one by one, where they're given last minute instructions, then led to the 5-foot ledge (or plank) before they take the plunge!the actually "fall" itself lasts what seems like 10seconds; its very quick & controlled.  when you initially jump, you feel like youre going pretty fast, but the cables eventually slow you down as you approach the landing zone.if you're afraid of heights, but too scared to go skydiving, this is probably good for you.  on the other hand, if you've experienced real freefall out of an airplane, you'll yawn all the way down.  $100+ for the jump/dvd/photos just isn't worth it.wanna experience excitement while youre in vegas?  bet your life savings on red & let it ride!
5	I recently went skydiving and so after that I was on this adrenaline rush. I immediately thought what else could I do to fulfill my need for excitement and thrill? Then my sister told me about Skyjump, she had recently done it and said it was fun. So I decided to give it a try. You must call and make reservations ahead of time. The lady on the phone was very nice and informative. The price is $99.99 just for the jump, but if you are a local, it's only $80. $80 is definitely not that bad. So I booked my skyjump and on the day of my appointment, I was pretty excited but after skydiving, I thought it'd be a piece of cake. Boy, was I wrong. It's probably just me, because everyone laughs at me when I tell them that I was more scared of doing this than skydiving.I waited about 15 minutes after my reserved time, but I was ok with it. They harness you up and they weigh you. Then you take a walk to the elevators, they take you up 855 feet up. At this moment, I was still ok, especially because my pride takes over me and I must not act like I'm scared, ever. You wait in line to go into a small glass room... that's where you jump from. You can also see the cable line inside of the room. There were 3 people in front of me and I didn't watch the first person jump but I decided to watch the second person jump. That may have been a bad idea. From down below, it looks like the jump is quite slow, but from watching it right in front of you, it's pretty fast. I was still OK. Then, I decided to walk to the glass and look down. BAD IDEA. The 3 people went and it was my turn. I went into the room and they double checked my harness, took a few pictures and then they escorted me out to the ledge. Oh, it was also quite windy that day so that didn't help my fear. The guy told me to grab onto the rails on both sides and walk to the edge and put my toes off the edge. I looked down, AGAIN, BIG MISTAKE. But, there's no turning back at that point. The guy holds onto a strap on your back and counts you down. He lets go and you kind of just lean forward. The initial drop was terrifying but after that split second, it was fun. It is a pretty fast drop and you get to the bottom in a blink of an eye. My hand was shaking uncontrollably when I got to the bottom but I also had a huge smile on my face at the same time. The view up there is great and the wind blowing, the air, everything was like nothing you'll ever feel. The thrill is fast but I definitely thought it was worth it. I had a great time and if it was cheaper for second timers, I'd definitely do it again.I recommend this for both tourists and locals looking for a thrill in Vegas.
5	Ended up staying at the Stratosphere, and at first glance these jumpers looked quite insane. When you're on the ground, the jump platform looks like a tiny rectangle ridiculously high up in the air. The people are barely visible when they first jump. After watching them both outside and on the TV all weekend, I figured what the hell, what's a 855 foot jump off the 108th floor, right? So I went and paid my fee and suited up. Everyone was very professional through the whole process and my harness was checked several times by multiple different people. Really the scariest part of the whole thing I think is waiting up at the top, in line to enter the glass fishbowl room that is connected to the jump platform. A number of the people at the bar are asking if you're scared while others are just kind of shaking their heads as if to say "yikes".Like the other reviews already said, they walk you to the edge and make you put your toes over the ledge and grab the rails after they hook you up. You really notice the hot wind blowing around standing there (for what feels like an eternity). I was then asked to lean forward a bit which was easy because the line you are connected to has some tension on it pulling you out (the staff will help hold you in place). This is followed by a super-fast 321 countdown and they let go, and then you let go.A split second after you release, there is a "oh sh*t, what did I just do" moment. Not that it matters because you're pretty much committed at that point. After that initial moment, its smooth sailing all the way down, and over way too fast. The touchdown pad is very soft and springy.I did a 1am jump, and the skyline with the hot summer breeze was really nice. Next time I may try it during the day. I would say overall I am not terrified of heights but Im not really excited about them either. It's much easier if you don't look down when you are on the platform, just look at the strip and when they count down don't think, just do.If you're from out of town think of it this way - when the hell are you ever going to have a chance to do something like this again? You get a really nice adrenaline rush and its very exciting, especially if you have never done something like this before. Would I recommend this to others: absolutely!Would I do this ride again: You bet!Will I buy any extras besides the jump next time: naw
5	I read a lot of comments on here about "bad customer services" and "unfriendly staff." But I am writing this to say that those reviews are false!!! My brother and I went in July 2011 and had a blast. We had reservations and got zipped up pretty quickly. I would say the most stressful part of the experience is watching the people go before you. Well that and the first few seconds of the jump. Once you remember that the cord is attached it's all good. I thought the employees were all great. The entire time they joked about me being afraid of heights or how the humidity "might cause the glue on straps to come undone." it was all about getting me psyched up for the actual jump. Although I've never skydived this made me want to do that next. I would suggest it for anyone who wants to get the thrill without the risk.
2	If you are an adrenaline junkie, don't waste your $100... pretty boring. Spend an extra $75 bucks and go skydiving. Skyjump is boring.
5	I would so do this again.
4	A must do once!!! The thrill is sweet and if you are scare of heights, you will get over it once you've you!
5	I just did this jump on Monday my birthday and it was great!!!  I would do it over and over again if it was cheaper. I don't know what people are talking about the staff was great I have no issues with them.The jump itself is awesome standing at the edge of the platform is an amazing feeling. I do agree with some of the people here it's no free fall like sky diving. But if your considering sky diving and don't know if you have the guts try this first you will soon be jumping out of a plane trust me.
4	My leap out of the 108th floor of the Stratosphere tower in fabulous Las Vegas was nothing short of categorically awesome.  I was able to sign up for a same-day jump on a Tuesday morning for a jump in early afternoon.  I showed up, signed my life away, paid for my package (definitely get the wristcam video!), and was quickly suited, harnessed, and weighed prior to my elevator ride to the top.  Once above, I was weighed again, attached to the various cables by a staff of two people that checked and double-checked everything.  They gave me some very basic instructions about putting my feet halfway off the edge of the platform, where to put my hands, and then "3...2...1...here comes Sara..."I jumped right away, but they told me they allow people to take as long as they need.  The descent is not a true free-fall, but more of a rapid glide, and I would estimate ~7 seconds to get to the landing area.  They slow you close to the bottom, and the landing was pretty smooth.  I was unclipped, unsuited and walked away as the bad-ass envy of my less bold traveling companions.If you are in Vegas and at all curious about this experience, go for it!  I think the most ringing endorsement I can give is that I went back that night and jumped again (only $50 for the second jump on the same day).The only reason I am giving 4 stars instead of 5 is that, for the price you pay them, the staff could be a little more engaging with the customers.  They were focused on safety and were not unfriendly, but mostly socialized among themselves during both of my experiences.
5	I'm officially hooked! I've always been afraid of heights but SkyJump was an exhilarating experience. It took a while to do the jump when I reached the top because they realized I needed a smaller harness because of my petite size. Minor glitch but I'm glad they double checked! I did a day jump and I can't say enough about how freaky it was being on that ledge at the 108th floor. You could see the city clearly as well as where you land at the bottom. There's a giant bullseye! Basically, you will your body to leap off the ledge and soar down. That's what it feels like, soaring. As you near the bottom, you'll feel your fall slowing down smoothly. Arch your back and you'll land on your feet.Don't forget to ask about a locals discount which knocks off around $20. Wanting to do a second jump on the same day? There's a discount for that too.
2	Not even close to bungee jumping or skydiving. Even my gradma can do this.Definitely an expensive way to jump off a tower.The jump is a controlled jump, the speed they say is 45mph but it seems slower. This is pretty close to a zip lining but vertical. I wish they had it setup wherein there's a choice of going down head first so it'll be thrilling or maybe having you do the real free fall and stop in the middle and let you hang there for a while then drop you again...The video quality was not good. I purchased the $115 one with the side video and it doesn't have any sound. It''s like you having the video in mute. I still need to edit the video and put in music so it will be better to watch.the only thing i liked about this is the view but that is already given.
4	Went on the Stratosphere Sky Jump on the morning of New Years' Eve! All of the staff were very friendly and professional. I think that they're trained to make conversation with you to get your mind off the jump! I was checked several times by different employees. I am soooooo relieved that "safety was first" with this crew!You can store your belongings in a locker. Make sure you wear tennis shoes and take off all loose jewelry, watches, etc. They send you to use the restroom before you get suited-up. At the store, there are big screens where you can watch the other jumpers in front of you, on a live-feed. There was even a tiny 14 year old girl who went before me. Its also pretty cool because they announce your name as you jump!The scariest part was standing on the blue ledge and looking down. The staff gave me all of these instructions, but I got into my own "hypnotized zone" that its hard to hear or focus on what they were telling me! They count 1-2-3 and then you can jump off. I went right away, with no hesitation, because I was scared I would change my mind! The first step off the ledge was definitely the hardest to do! Then you free-fall for a couple seconds...I think that's when I held my breath and froze! But afterwards, the wires catch you and you are on a "controlled-fall". At this point, you can enjoy the scenery and smile/scream at the "wrist-cam"! Keep your legs down and ready to land. The landing is actually pretty slow and not bad at all! There's a bulls-eye target at the bottom that is soft and cushiony. People can sit on chaise lounges at the bottom and watch the jumpers. Its a pretty great feeling to accomplish the jump and get to the bottom! It was such an adrenaline rush, that I don't even remember walking back up to the store! It takes about 15 minutes for them to get your DVD/photos ready.I purchased the package #2 for $124, which included the jump and the "wrist-cam" dvd. My husband purchased package #4 for $140, which included the jump, the dvd, and a t-shirt.The other reviewers are correct in comparing it to just a "vertical zipline". It was very fun and not as scary as it looks! But it felt very cool to get to do it!
5	This is the scariest thing I have done in a while. Nope haven't been skydiving..YET...but Sky Jump is one thing you should experience in Vegas if you live or you are just visiting Las Vegas. Locals get a discount ...shhhhhh. Now that I have done this once I want to do it again and again and again. I waited until I was last in my group. I watched 4 people in front of me move to the edge of the highest building west of the Mississippi. 1149 feet I believe and around 860 from our level. Anyway, so there they were jumping one by one and then my name came up. They opened the door with the wind rushing against my face. The anticipation had me shaking as they were hooking up my harness. Then they said "move to the edge and we will count down. 5, 4, 3, 2,1" ... and with a quick glance down, I jumped and....well you'll just have to experience it yourself. TIP: Go at night. I went during the day and I think diving into darkness with the city lights would be even better!
5	I had absolutely no desire to do this. EVER. Then one of the girls I was with chickened out after she got to the top, and I took it as a sign that I had to step out of my shadow and get my big ass in one of those suits (that wasn't cute.. trust) and get to the top. Then, most importantly, jump off. I was lucky enough to experience this at night.... I would recommend the same for you, too. I do need to stress that when I arrived with the friends who were going to do it, I thought it was more of a bungee jump. It is absolutely a controlled fall. I don't want to discredit the experience, though.. because you are still STEPPING OFF THE EDGE  AT 108 STORYS IN THE AIR...for all the people that are poo-pooing the experience.. if you would have read any reviews, watched someone do it ahead of you, gone to the website, watched a youtube video, etc... you would have seen that it is a controlled fall. I didn't do any of the above as I had no intention of even trying it...NOW I know :) anyways--I do have to note that I am a big grrl... and the employees were still VERY kind to me and didn't make me feel like an idiot in that suit :) You could tell they all took their job very seriously and still were able to have fun. If you are looking for something to do to make your trip memorable... DO THIS. It is far more fun than blowing $100 at the slots.
5	The next time your  in Vegas U NEED to Do This!!To be able to Live n say "I jumped off of Stratosphere Hotel n Survived!!"The View and the Feeling right before you Jump is Priceless!!!
3	Not a bad experience but not a WOW one either given the cost. A friend convinced me that we should just check the box...so we did. The initial jump is the fun thrilling part then when the cables kick in it's more of a zip line feel than a free fall. We made it fun and did random commercials all the way down. Probably fun 1-2 times but after that could get pretty boring. If you're up there you may as well take the jump but get the wrist cam and DVD to capture the moment.
4	My name's Yee Gan and despite a fear of heights, I'm an adrenaline junkie. I love roller coasters and have even done a tandem skydiveSo, when I saw that the Stratosphere Tower in Las Vegas had a new extreme experience - the SkyJump, I couldn't resist. It's not cheap at $109 per jump with filming costing extraThey're smart in allowing you to watch from the landing zone on the roof of the main building - you can see the jumpers falling from the 108th floor with their descent being slowed down by 2 zip wires on either side of the jumper. You can also watch their entire descent on a TV monitor inside the shop where you sign in for your jump and buy merchandise.Although I love my thrills, the thought of jumping from the 108th floor was terrifying and it took me quite a while of watching and finally almost forcing myself to sign up.After a safety briefing and ride up the tower, you're ready to enter the jump room with the opening to the outside and a jump into oblivion! A few people have got up here and have then been unable to enter the room. I must say that this was the most scary part of the experience as you look down a very long way at what appear to be toy cars.Then, all too soon, you on the edge of the platform, ready to jump. It definitely takes a lot of bottle to actually step off the platform - that's the hardest bit but the descent was a little disappointing. The wires arrest your descent almost immediately and you don't come anywhere near terminal velocity like on a skydive. The big painted target on the landing area comes up quite quickly though and you're soon on terra firma.It is a unique experience and adrenaline rush to step off the 108th floor of a building but the descent doesn't quite deliver the same rush and it's the same price as a good show in Vegas, so you have to decide whether it's worth it but it's certainly a unique experience
4	Almost too smooth and controlled to be exciting, but a thrill nonetheless.  A bit overpriced.  I wouldnt do it again, but I'm glad I did it once!
4	I jumped for my birthday a few months back (sssshhh, don't tell my mom).  I went in a couple of days prior to scope the place out.  At first, the staff seems slightly insane.  At a second glance, they really are just a little off their rockers.  However, in their craziness lies an inherent sense of fun and professionalism seemlessly blended in to a soothing and calming atmosphere that makes the fear of jumping off an 855 foot platform not so bad.  They joke with you.  They taunt you.  They are loud and in your face.  But they don't miss a single step when it comes to safety checks.  They check you on the ground.  They check you twice (two different people) up top to make sure absolutely nothing has been missed.  They talk you through what is going to happen as you jump.  They don't pressure you to do anything you don't really want to do.  And when the time comes, they count you down and you jump.  It was a thrilling experience.  I was shaking for several minutes afterwards from the adrenaline.  I loved almost all of it.  All but the landing.  Like an idiot I locked my legs instead of absorbing the impact by bending my knees.  This sent a painful shock up my back.  I ached for about an hour.  If you go, bend your knees.  That is my biggest advice to you.  Oh, and opt for the HD DVD.  It is worth it to hear the experience time and time again.
2	This ride has a descent that feels (and is, of course) too slow to me virtually the whole way down that it is much more relaxing than it is thrilling. It is pretty much a vertical zip line, except personally, I find the horizontal ziplines to feel more thrilling. Do it if you're trying to nudge yourself into bigger, faster thrills and are pretty new to the thrill world.OR do it if you are an experienced thrill-seeker (who doesn't fool themselves but know that they are actually an EXPERIENCED THRILL-seeker)  who has expectations that this may be much slower than their liking or too tamed but still want to do it for other reasons than a thrill. For me,  I don't think it would be worth even a quarter of what they charged ($109.99) to do a second time... maybe like 15-20 bucks tops. I didn't even purchase a wrist camera or photos because I had a huge feeling from experience with other thrill rides that this was going to be more about anticipation, huge reliance on the world-record breaking height for a SkyJump, and hype than actual thrill.  Needless to say, I was right. I don't need to pay the extra money to commemorate something that's not really anything to write home about with high marks. My SO said that I looked like a ragdoll coming down because I was so limp, and there was a reason for that. It was a relaxing experience though and something like a spa treatment for your mind, I guess.I did the jump several minutes past midnight in late March, so the view was filled with bright orange lights and you could still make out things really well. I enjoyed the cool breeze and being in the cool, mild darkness above lights the most about the ride. The staff were great in terms of their service to me; one of the male staff at the top kept striking friendly conversation with me while being thoroughly professional and the girl who suited me up was very attentive to everything. However, I found the Asian male staffer who kept making stupid racist jokes in a rowdy manner among his co-workers and other customers to be so obnoxious that he detracted from the atmosphere. I'm not taking any stars off because of this though.Oh, and to anyone who reads the review of RIC A., who says that this is "very similar to those rides you see at fairs & other amusement parks; where they hoise you to the top, release you & you swing back and forth," THAT IS A FALSE STATEMENT. He describes some of the major differences already, so I don't why he says it's "very similiar."  What he is describing is a skycoaster by the way. HERE's THE TRUTH: the SkyJump is a controlled descent that decelerates to a stop, with an ascent that takes place on a fast elevator of the building, and it stops at the end of the vertical controlled fall. A skycoaster is complete free fall (like that of a bungee jump) with large swings back and forth to a stop, and the ascent is when they hoist you [slowly] to the top. As an extra bit, you then have to pull on a rip cord attached to your harness to release yourself into that free fall as opposed to jumping off. They're very, very different rides. In fact there's more similarity between base jumping and the SkyJump (which are still quite different) than there is between a skycoaster and the SkyJump. I just don't want anyone to be badly misinformed.
5	The staff are all great! we had to wait an hour to watch my niece jump and they were all upbeat throwing out jokes, and offered us seating right under the freefall area, where they have awesome lounge chairs that you lay back in and look up in the sky!the price is a bit steep, and they will let you jump a second time for $50.
4	Is my life worth the $109 to jump off of the 108th floor of the Strat?  I'll need to remember to hold my left arm up after the jump..... in case someone on the ground wants my watch.
4	This is Awesome. I can't wait to jump. We went and watched and were finally ready to go and they were booked up! Make a reservation in advance!!!! I am so jumping the next time I am in Vegas!
4	I thought this was awesome. People complain that it is too slow, but it seemed plenty fast to me. In any case, the real thrill is in forcing yourself to take that initial leap of faith. I've been bungee jumping and skydiving and I think this ranks right up there with those.
5	Looked at it.Thought about it.Did it. Loved it.I laughed at myself on the video time and time again.I showed said video to friends -- they laughed. They still think i'm crazy.Truth be told, this is some of the best customer service i've had in awhile. Any hesitations I had were quickly set aside with the humor and kindness the staff showed. We even had a small glitch with pricing as I was initially charged the wrong amount. It was quickly taken care of and everyone was all smiles the entire time.I scheduled a time in person at the main counter. You aren't charged to hold the reservation - just when you check in to to jump. I waited around for a bit for some friends to arrive and chatted with Alexa (sp?). She was adorable and her demeanor and candid personality set me at ease. I was lucky that she was the one who took me up to jump. Everyone I encountered from checking in to paying to getting harnessed into the world most unflattering jumpsuit to the jump itself were amazing.I think I would have been more scared to jump had the personalities and customer service of the staff been sub par. They set me at ease and made me feel safe.It was a great experience and I would go back and do it again on my next visit. I'm defiantly glad I did it at night though because I cannot imagine how hot it would have been in that suit and in the little cage/room area at the top level where you jump. Avoid the heat and do it at night. Besides, the lights make the jump a whole lot easier to stomach!
5	Went here and jumped off from the Stratosphere on my sister's birthday. It was a great and memorable experience. I enjoyed the view and that little "oops!" moment when I stopped and started swinging close to the glass panels (in front of Top of the World Restaurant) which added to the thrill. 855 ft above the Strip? Oh yes! Such great fun! You'll get a certificate after your jump and for $$ you can get souvenir photos and video.
5	I am a thrill seeker. I love roller coasters.  I have bungee jumped and I did Terminal Velocity at Wisconsin Dells which is a 100-foot free fall into a net. That being said, I was scared about doing this. Just the sheer height - 108 stories is daunting.  One of my traveling companions suggested doing it a couple months ago. My initial reaction was no way. Then I saw the youtube videos and thought ok. Then the day came and got there and initially decided not to. Buddy did it and heard him and others talk about it being fun and not all that scary once you let yourself off the platform. Agreed, gotta psyche yourself up to jump but once you jump, you will enjoy it. Taking the plunge on this ride was definitely worth it. Scariest parts are standing on the platform waiting and at the end when you feel like you are coming in hot. Although it is a controlled fall, it was still an enjoyable rush. If you are thinking about doing it but have reservations, go ahead and do it. You will not have any regrets.
4	A Pretty Good time that might cause you to evacuate your bladder.The first thing I can say for Skyjump is it certainly felt safe. My harness was adjusted by attentive employees at least three times. These guys are serious about how they do this and it really shows. So if you're worried about actually falling to your death, allow me to comfort you on this aspect.The view and the jump experience certainly is motivating. For the first few seconds it definitely feels like freefall. Even once the ropes start to slow you it's still pretty damn exciting: however, the least exciting part of it is how much the harness pulls you by the groin. Not pleasant, and could have been avoided with a different harness, but it's not awful.Recommended for thrill seekers with a decent amount of money to blow, $110 bucks for a 10 minute experience and a 1 minute jump is not a great value.  You will also have something to talk about if you ever run into Ronnie from the Jersey Shore, because apparently he did this too (they have pictures) but when is that going to happen. And why would you want to do that anyways. Majorly awkward.
5	This place was amazing! Everyone was super friendly and made even a chicken like me so comfortable with jumping 855 ft off the stratosphere!
5	My husband and my 2 girls did this and it was the highlight of our Las Vegas trip.  It was $109.99 for the jump and $139.00 for the package and pictures which I though was totally worth it.  They give you a jump drive to take home that has the video and pictures.   You can jump again within 24 hours for $50.  They were very organized and professional.  The observation deck was nice too.
5	A definite, absolute, must do!! Holy crap! Even though it is a controlled fall it is well worth the jump. 45 mph and 17 seconds to the bottom. The view is incredible as well as the rush! Do It!!
5	Definitely the most extreme thrill ride in Vegas, and for that the SkyJump gets a 5 star review. Wish I could say I actually jumped, but after my best friend and I got fully liquored up, they postponed us for an hour or so due to a VIP event, and then closed down the ride for the rest of the evening due to windy conditions. They re-scheduled us for the following day, but conditions were once again too windy. We did get to see the ride in action and watched a few jumps and had 2-for-1 martinis in the SkyBar while contemplating dinner in the revolving restaurant. Maybe on a next trip to Vegas (?).Also my buddy was so wasted he almost bought one of those tacky light up T shirts in the lobby! And there was no bubble tea. :)
2	I recently did the SkyJump when I had some friends visiting town.  I had wanted to try it, but just never made it down there until now.  We were really excited to jump, but I was kind of disappointed after the jump was done.  Here's why:1.  It is extremely expensive.  Regular price is $125.    For a few dollars more you can skydive in Jean or Boulder City and have more fun.  They do have a local rate of $99, but you have to ask for it before you pay.  The good part of the locals rate was that my out of town friends were able to get the local rate with my ID since we all jumped together.2. If you have ever skydived or bungeed, which I have on several occasions, this will be a huge let down.  The guidelines you are attached to really slow down your decent and it feels like you are falling down through molasses.  If you have never jumped out of a plane or bungeed, you would probably enjoy it more.3. We jumped during the day and the view is seriously lacking.  I wish we would have done it at night when the lights were on.  Day time jumps are boring.So if you have never jumped from a high spot before, go try it out.  If you have jumped before, be warned.  I do have to say though, the first step off was terrifying, thrilling, exciting, and an "Almost peed my pants" kind of experience.
5	It's no skydiving, but definitely a different experience when u jump off the edge. It was a lot of fun and you felt safe as they tighten your harness countless times before the jump.
5	The staff was really friendly and I had the best time ever. Do not let the fear of heights keep you away from the sky fall. I have acrophobia but I jumped and it was the best experience ever, even better than the skydive from 1000 feet.I highly recommend these rides and this place to adrenaline junkies like me.
4	Lots of fun. It is not as scary as you would imagine. I am the biggest wimp, and it was a piece of cake. It is kind of spendy for the 3 second fall, but worth it if you just want to say "I jumped off the stratosphere!"
4	This is a great time. The only reason that I gave it four stars is the cost and the fact that they don't really tell you how to land, until you're landing. The staff is great and really help put your mind at ease if you're nervous. Everyone you pass does a safety check on your harness. It makes you feel much more secure and able to enjoy the ride down. Definitely spend the extra to get the video. At this point what is an extra few bucks? It's a great souvenir. They also have a computer where you upload it to Facebook right away. Make sure you keep your receipt though, as you need it to access the computer. As a side note, they do a military discount so make sure you ask about that if applicable.  Overall, an expensive once in a lifetime experience!
5	Amazing experience!! MUSTTTTT dooooo
5	I can't say enough amazing things about our experience here!!!!  I recommend staying at the hotel because there is a discount on the Jump.  If you stay suited up and jump again you get 50% off as well.  One of the things that most impressed me is for that one friend who CHICKENS OUT!!!!  SkyJump will let them jump another day or transfer their jump to someone else but they don't just take your money and run which is awesome...If you DO have that friend that chickens out...there shirts you can buy them to further embarrass them!!!  The staff was friendly, enthusiastic and also very understanding...I mean you are about to jump off of a structure that stands 855Ft above SOLID CONCRETE and you are traveling at a rate of approximately 45 MPH!!!  It is a life changing experience and I wish EVERYONE who needed to get past the scary things in life would try this!  I feel like Wonder Woman and I jumped a few days ago!!!!  GET THE WRISTCAM it is worth the extra expense and you can relive your jump over and over again!  Thank you SkyJump Las Vegas for feeding the Adrenaline junkie in us!!!!  I gotta be really honest and say it is gonna be REALLY HARD to beat this trip and jump.  This is a ZIP LINE guys not a bungee...it is a controlled stop and you land ON YOUR FEET...unless of course you have noodle knees from the endorphins!!  The only thing that would have made this better is if they were playing LOUD music and you had a soundtrack!!!  SO WORTH THE MONEY and WORTH DOING TWICE!!!!  I recommend a night jump only because Las Vegas is so breathtaking at night and honestly a day jump is a LOT scarier!  You can see a whole lot more and it makes it a little more difficult to walk the plank!!!!  DO IT DO IT DO ITTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT!!!  You won't regret it!!!  Last thing I'll say...they've done over 106k jumps with no accidents and a sister company in another country has done this for over 25 years with no problems....IT IS REALLY SAFE!  They do at least 6 safety checks and are a class act.  You are probably risking your life at a much higher rate just driving down the strip!
5	The SkyJump is one of my favorite attractions.You get an insane adrenaline rush when you stand at the top of the Stratosphere and look down 900 feet.Ask yourself: Do you have the guts to take the leap of faith and step off the platform?
5	I just did the Sky Jump over the weekend for my birthday and it was everything I expected it to be!  Due to bad weather the previous day resulting in closure of the Sky Jump, there were a lot of walk-ins and re-scheduled appointments, so be smart and make an appointment in advance. Since I had big birthday plans that night, I had very limited time. After speaking with several employees (multiple times), I finally pushed my way into a 6pm time slot vs. two other options, 7:45pm and midnight. I thought it was cool of them to find a way to squeeze me in and more importantly, make me feel safe. I'm extremely afraid of heights but this is something I really wanted to conquer in hopes of building my way up to sky diving. They checked the harness 3 times and did numerous checks after hooking me up to the cable. In addition, almost all of the employees have done the jump many times and talk to you about it, which is a big relief too. If you're scared to do something like this but want to, I would highly recommend starting with the Sky Jump! In my case, there were other nervous people at the top waiting in line that I could relate with before leaping off the platform! It's a tad bit expensive, but an experience I'll never forget. Recommendation: My friends and family said it would be nice to have heat lamps outside for people watching the jumpers. I guess they were pretty cold while they were waiting for me!
4	If you're staying at the hotel you get a $20 discount which is worth the price of $89.99I didn't get the $20 extra package for video and pictures, and if you don't you have no pictures of you suiting up or jumping unless you have a friend taking a picture of you (who is not jumping) from inside the tower. 45mph controlled falling 855 feet down. What a great rush and I'd do it again.Staff was friendly enough,  the 2 that were at the top right before you jumped were very professional double checking everything on you. The guy that took us up the elevator didn't talk to us instead talking to the elevator operator about getting ready to start another job and being glad to leave.
5	Fantastic experience, the staff are very friendly and welcoming. They do help you feel  relax even knowing you will jumping 855 feet downwards. The price is 109  but thereare discounts for guests and military. Overall I had a blast if you're thinking of doing it just do it!  Just don't hesitate while you're on the platform, it's the fastest way down
4	Such an amazing experience! The people are really friendly and make you feel very safe. I wouldn't do it again, just because of the price, but it's certainly worth doing once!
4	For months I contemplated doing this jump and more often than not I would back out.  In my mind I would commit, then I would chicken out, then I would commit, then chicken out again.  It was absurd!  It got to the point where I was having nightmares about it.  Getting on the ledge and freezing.  Falling off the ledge.  Peeing my pants on the way down.  The nightmares became more and more frequent.  The remedy?  Face my fears.I made an appointment for the jump (highly recommend); however, my appointment was cancelled due to high winds.  Did I want to come back the next day?  Should I walk away acknowledging that this was a supreme being telling me not to do it?  What to do?!  I ended up going back the following day and don't regret it at all!  I opted for the jump with pictures and video for a total of $149.99.  The cost is $129.99 for the jump and pictures and $119.99 for just the jump.The worst part?  Ground level.  Thinking about doing it.  Committing to it.  Waiting to go up.  Second worst part?  Riding up in the elevator to marker 855ft; it's a really long way up, giving you lots of time to reflect on your life.  The third worst part?  Gawkers on the observation deck calling you crazy.   The best part?  Getting to the ledge, no fear, no hesitation, no anxiety, enjoying the view, and letting go.This is something you MUST do while in Vegas.  I have to admit that the actual falling is not scary, it's not like bungee jumping at all.   You are attached to a deceleration cable and max speed is 40 mph.  I didn't get that heart in the pit of my stomach feeling, which is a bummer.
5	Crazy expensive ($100+) but worth it. Rent the go-pro it is worth saving the moment.
4	This jump was absolutely incredible, I had a blast. The staff were friendly and help you calm down. If I could do it again, I'd go in the later afternoon, otherwise the sun will be in the way in case others are trying to take picture from below.The reason I rated 4 stars instead of 5 was because right when you jump you can feel tension so it isn't free fall by any means, but it's still fun. They count you down and I hesitated a bit, looks scary, but it's a great time.
1	Extremely dissapointing! For $120 I expected an actual jump. This was more like an extremely controlled descent. Not worth the price at all!
5	The person who went to jump before me was a true kook and completely rude.  I bet the staff just get worn out by dealing with all the folks who are either terrified to jump or those who patrons who are cocky.  With that being stated, and although it was early morning, the staff were extremely professional and courteous to me.  I was checked, re-checked, and checked again.  I thought I would be scared but surprisingly, I wasn't until about a half second after I jumped- then it hit, what was I doing???  Granted this is not a bungee jump or free fall dive but a controlled descent, which is still very cool.  Out of all the thrill rides I have ever done, this was hands down the best!  I got the picture and it came out to $130.00, so like other yelppers- get the video and maybe a shirt or other souvenir!
1	Went to Vegas for a bachelor party! We were so excited to make the bachelor jump off the stratosphere that we took a cab up to the strat to check it out.Upon arrival we asked where the sky jump was so we could buy tickets and we were directed to the lounge to get a free trip to the top. At the top we were directed back to the bottom to buy tickets. After being told that it was reservation only, we made a reservation for an hour later. We went to the bar to kill some time. As the reservation neared we went back to the sky jump offices  and waited and waited and waited. 40 minutes after our reservation time we asked a staff member named Ocean what the holdup was, how can you be running 40 minutes behind when we made the reservation less than 2 hours previous! She looked us in the eye and told us there was nothing she could do and that she didn't care about us because she was quitting right away. Not really the attitude we want from staff that we are trusting our lives with. I spoke to a lady who identified herself as a manager and asked for a refund after explaining that her staff were disrespectful, rude and downright dangerous for that environment. We got our refund and left. I will never go back and would caution anyone who considers riding the sky jump whether they are comfortable putting their life in the hands of kids who really don't care.
5	So I have comprised a bucket list. One of the things on that list is to jump off a building and live to tell about it. Thanks to SkyJump Las Vegas mission accomplished. I was hunting the web for things to do in Vegas when I came across this thrilling option. Yep, I'm In! I mean what's the big deal right???This adventure ride takes place at the Stratosphere Hotel which is all the way on down the strip. It's worth the trip. You can even take the Deuce (the Vegas Strip bus) to get there. Don't even think you are going to walk it's way too far. The price to jump is $119 but there is an admission fee to enter the tower and that fee is $20 per adult and $14 for children. There are also unlimited passes or multi ride passes available. These passes don't include SkyJump but they will get you in the tower. There is also a discount for guests of the Stratosphere. Free tower admission and only $99 to jump. I opted to stay the remainder of my trip in Vegas at the Stratosphere so I could partake in the joy rides. There is also a photo package available for $129 as well as a Video package which includes a wrist cam. This package, the one I opted for, is $149. I'm not sure if they gave me a discount or not for that.The ride itself is similar to bungee jumping but without the bounce back. It's more like a free fall or free float all the down. You truly get the "look at me I'm flying" experience. The scariest part the whole thing was looking down from the edge of the tower.It was at that moment I really believed if this were ever going to happen I was going to have to be pushed. In fact I was expecting something of the sort. I thought they would tell me to get ready instead I just heard "ok GO!" I was startled to say the least.You actually have to find your own courage to get this ride started. After a mantra of "oh, shit. oh, shit." and some serious stall tactics I finally bit the bullet and took the plunge. From there it was one of the most amazing experiences of my life.You need to remove all jewelry and loose dangly bits and place them in a locker they provide you with. Then irony of all irony they give you the locker key on a chain to hang around your neck. And for whatever reason they tell you to remove your hairpins as well. I didn't but pretended I did. I just put on the replacement hair band they gave and acted as if all was well. The hairpins luckily did not cause my demise. The one thing I didn't like about this ride was it was over so quickly. Too quickly. But yep I'd do it again in a heartbeat. Next time though I'd do it night. I'd love to see the night skyline and lights on the way down.
5	I heard about the sky jump and decided it would be my first stop when going to Vegas. The staff was very friendly and I was able to go 30 minutes after just waking in without a reservation. I was not nervous at all, but the moment it's time to jump, it hits you. The experience was great and I will definitely recommend it to anyone. If you do it, you should get the wrist cam option. It's great to go back home and show friends and family.
1	I would not recommend this jump to anyone, unless you want to pay a lot of money for Dr. visits, X-rays, physical therapy, pain meds, etc. I did this jump a few years ago and what a mistake it was. Just remember you are risking your life or an injury that could mess up your back, pelvis, and who knows what else. It happened to me. I always try and warn anyone that I know is planning on doing it or wants to. Whoever was in control of my cord ("free fall") was not paying attention or didn't calculate the fall because I had a hard landing and landed on one leg. Your fall is suppose to be light and graceful-like.I was running marathons and had to quick running for over 3 years because my back and pelvis was so out of whack. I had to deal with numbness and tingling in my hands and feet for over 8 months not knowing what the heck was going on and if I was going to get better. The worst part of course was being in pain no matter how I sat or standed. It's a good thing I wasn't working at the time because I was on paid meds daily (that just made me sick). So, when you go there to sign their contract, you are basically signing your life away. Their contract basically says you can't sue for any reason and even death is not their fault. Again, if you want to risk your life/body, go for it. I use to be an adrenaline junky, but after this I basically play it safe with everything. It's no fun being in pain for a few years and wasting most of your time and money on an injury that could have been prevented.Good luck to all that chose to risk their life.
5	" It's a Bird ... It's a Plane ... It's Superwomen " Just kidding. It's just me getting ready to drop 108 floors from the Stratosphere tower. The Sky Jump had been on my Bucketlist ever since I went Sky diving 21,000 ft. last year. Since this jump was only 855ft. and a controlled descent like Bungee jumping, I thought piece of cake, right? NO, I was so wrong.There are 3 different packages to chose from:- $119.00 for the Jump- $129.00 for the Jump and photos- $149.00 for the Jump, photos and wristband. All photos uploaded on a USB.There is a separate admission fee to the tower which is $20.00. The good thing is If your a guest of the hotel, admission fee is waived and they give you a discount for the Jump.I chose the more expensive package. When Im old and grey, I want to be able to look at videos and photos and remember in my youth that I WAS A BADASS.After I paid for my package and signed my deathwish, I got suited up. The suit was a cute blue jumper. My friends were too scared to even go up the Stratosphere, so they stayed downstairs in the " waiting zone " which is also where you land.There were three other people doing the jump so we all walked into the elevator together. At this point I wish I had taken a shot or two. Why had I choosen to eat a buffet instead? The ride up the elevator seemed like an eternity. The doors finally opened at the 108th floor. I followed the employee to the jump area. Before you walk on the ledge, your taken to a room where your straps are attached to your Blue suit. Its all glass so all guest visiting at the Observation deck can see this being done. Guest were taking photos of me probably because only insane people do stuff like sky jump off tall buildings.I finally walked on the ledge and another employee double checked my straps. He had me turn around and take a photo and then  explained how my wrist camera worked. Once he said the spill, he told me to jump when I was ready.It was 8pm on Saturday night and here I was standing on a ledge from one of the tallest buiding ever built. I looked down to the Strip and see Trump Towers. From way above Trump Towers looks only a few feet high. When I did my first sky dive, I wasnt too scared but since I had to go off the ledge at my free will, the thought scared me. I put my big girl pants on and .....Weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!Like the Movie Toy Story said " Its not falling, its flying with Grace " Before I could take it all in, it was over. I landed on the ground and immediately looked up. The jump was so high which I didnt realize until afterwards. One of the best experiences in my life. Words cant describe it. I loved the thrill. Once is good enough for me. Its a must do for all thrill seekers.
3	I was here and couldn't NOT do it. It was very mild and tame. I expected to at least get so e free fall, but no. It was more of just a slow glide to the bottom.If you're a skydiver, then you'll be greatly underwhelmed.I skipped pics/vid and got the jump (with my active duty military discount) for $99.The staff were all friendly, professional and had good safety protocol in place.Would not repeat, but would recommend to friends who have not been skydiving.
5	If there's a place that deserves a "Woohoo!" rating, it's a place where you actually use that phrase, and a few more explicit words, while partaking.You have to walk around a bit of the Stratosphere mall on the second floor to find the SkyJump office. Just follow any other tourists that look confused at the top of the escalators.Once there, you'll pay, sign waivers and get geared up in fashionable jump suits, booties and if you wear glasses, a stylin' strap to keep them on your head should they slip off mid-fall.After the elevator ride to the observatory, you'll be lead one at a time to the jump area where you'll get two re-assuring safety checks on your equipment, strapped in, and take your leap off faith.Being someone who is not a fan of heights, that first step off the edge was mildly terrifying, but after a second you feel pretty secure and you're just falling straight down. Close to the ground, the breaking system kicks in and you land with ease on your feet. I highly suggest spending the extra cash to get the video package so that you can record your reaction and the quickly approaching ground. Or bring your own GoPro I guess.Crazy fun experience, albeit a quick one, but I suppose there's less satisfying ways to blow more money in Vegas.
5	This was my second jump, and it was awesome... I recommend it the next time your here in vegas
3	I guess I paid for the adrenaline rush! It was way over rated I think.. I thought it was going to be more like a free fall to the bottom and at the bottom they would slow me down but I was very wrong.. You never go faster then I believe 80mph.. Which is more like a slow glide to the bottom! The best part is standing on the edge before you jump! I personally think it was over priced for what it was and wouldn't do it again.. Staff was friendly and they checked my harness multiple times!
5	If you want a once in a lifetime experience in Las Vegas that has nothing to do with gambling or boozing, this is it. - Of course, if you're dripping $100s, it's hardly a a once in a lifetime experience...the anticipation is the only downside...waiting for them to take your money - waiting for them to call your name and escorting you to the swift elevator which in my case stopped at the kitchen for no apparent reason except to view an array of prep cooks chipping away at what appeared to be raw chicken and beef hearts until we arrived at the top where we were shunted into a small enclosed area, efficiently strapped in and nudged off the ledge from 855 feet. And what a rush it was...Truly once in a lifetime...Next time I'm doing it at night.
4	Son did it today, really wanted to for a birthday gift. Super safe but not a free fall at all, more like a controlled descent. We splurged on the video, haven't viewed it yet but we figured what the heck. Kid really enjoyed it, a little pricey but since he can't skydive til he's 18 it will have to do for now.
5	Absolutely worth the price! Staff was enthusiastic and informative. They made the jump experience all the better. Safety is paramount and there are numerous checks before you even hit the ledge. The jump experience itself is amazing. The first step out until the decelerator catches you is a quick free fall feeling, but the rest of the ride down you can feel the decelerator supporting you. Landing is easy and they'll make sure you bend your knees on touchdown to make it nice and soft.Highly recommended and props to the staff!!
5	I did the Sky Jump this morning. If your like me, an average guy. This will be an amazing experience you will remember!It's not skydiving! But I also didn't have to take any safety bs or be strapped to anyone tandem. You fall at 40 mph for about 30 seconds. Staff was professional and triple checked each other's safety rigging.  They were pros. Lockers for your stuff. Go potty first. Then jump!
