5	In my opinion (and most people I know who have been there) this is the best steakhouse in Charlotte.All meat is US Prime, and is cooked in an oven (seasoned with only salt and pepper) then placed on a 500 degree plate with hot butter. The steak is really the best around, in my opinion, FAR surpassing places like Morton's Of Chicago or The Palm, not only in taste, but as well as atmosphere and service.It is a bit pricey, but it is superb, and for special occasions or business dinners it is the best around. I HIGHLY suggest this restaurant and really can't say enough about it, it's that good.(For 2 people expect to pay around $90 - $120 [Without wine or other alcoholic beverages])
2	Another boring, bloated, corporate steakhouse!  Would you like creamed spinach, steamed broccoli, or mashed potatoes served family style with your hunk of beef?  UGH!!  The ONLY thing that redeemed the meal is that someone else picked up the check!
5	I've eaten at RCSH all across the country.  Some are better than others.  This one is as good as it gets.  If you like RCSH, then this is what you will be accustomed to (big steaks, sizzling in butter, great sides & salads, etc).  A bit expensive, but if you're a fan then you know what to expect.
5	The problem with Ruth's Chris is that it's named "Ruth's Chris".  The name is synonymous with high priced, high quality steaks.  So saying that Ruth's is your favorite steakhouse is a bit like saying that Tiger Woods is your favorite golfer.  But the simple fact is that their steaks are absolutely phenomenal.  "Oh, but it's expensive and the menu isn't that great and their wine is overpriced, etc."I agree.  But their steaks are phenomenal.  I don't go to Ruth's Chris that often.  But when I do, I don't go for the wine, the side dishes, the ounce-to-dollar value ratio, the soup or the salad.  I go to have steak.  And I'm never disappointed.I thought about penalizing Ruth's for one star because I personally prefer restaurants with a little more "soul" to them than Ruth's Chris can offer.  As a chain, it's just not able to deliver the kind of culture I enjoy.  But in the context that it's in, (a high priced chain of restaurants) it does a pretty amazing job of delivering such a high level of consistency.So, I gave Ruth's Chris 5 stars.  Whether it's cool to say or not, my taste buds tell me that their steaks are worth every penny.
5	Great steak- seasoned with butter!  Drinks are stiff.
5	I went back to Ruth Chris the other night for a business dinner, and they continue to exceed my expectations every time. The steaks are always prepared to perfection, the drinks are stiff and the staff is attentive. The calamari is probably the best in town.
1	This is my third time to Ruth's Chris and first to this location.  Upon arrival it was 'complimentary' valet (more on this later).  Personally I think valet parking is stupid unless the lot is miles away.  We started with a bottle of Shiraz- it was very good.  I had the surf and turf special and my coworker had the petite filet.  I ordered mine medium and it came out rare- not cool.  After coming back from the kitchen the meal was good and hopefully spit free.  We had the broccoli and mashed potatoes as sides.  The broccoli wasn't done enough and very hard to cut through with any grace.  The service was alright until I arrived in the parking lot.  As I'm handing the lot attendant a tip, he says to me "hey you might want to turn your music back on, i got bored listening to it because it was country and switched it to howard stern".  If the place wasn't so expensive I would have given it two stars.  I'm not going back.
5	Ok, there is nothing bad I can say about Ruth's Chris. This particular location, in fact. I love Jeffrey, he is a great waiter and wine steward and the service and ambiance in this location is just a bit better than some of the other Steak Houses in the area. There is a very homey feel about the dining room.. you feel almost warm and enclosed as opposed to larger dining rooms that make you feel exposed. My fave item is the Sweet Potato Casserole as a side. They were so sweet, we had a special dinner occassion and they actually special ordered the Cabernet Sauvignon Inniskillin Ice Winethat was too rare to find on a restaurant menu.. THAT kind of service is why you pay these prices..
4	One of my favorite places to go eat in Charlotte, NC. Always great service and food.
2	A RC wedged into a corporate park with great veiws of the parking deck. Below average service and food. The strip steak was fatty and seemed to be boiled in butter. Yuck. The wine was red and delish.
4	Reviews being of two extremes here on Yelp, I had some trepidation about giving this place a shot. However, it is often a reactionary thing that prompts someone to submit a review to begin with-so we decided to give it a go and form our own opinion. In this price range, I have no compunctions about sending anything and everything back if it's not up to par, so the worst that could really happen is we leave to eat somewhere else.  I am glad I gave them a go, and will return given the opportunity.The wait was about what they said it would be (20 mins, not bad for a walk in). The sugarplum martini was meh. The pomegranate one, however, was spectacular! The best I've ever had. Nice service touches like shaking and pouring at your table are nice.The staff was excellent. Michael was a terrific waiter! Attentive without being overbearing. The manager in attendance came to our table and spoke with us, and asked us for honest feedback after Michael told him we were "foodies" (he'd overheard our discussion of Christmas dinner plans), and my mentioning the shaky reviews I'd seen here. They've undergone management changes and acknowledged having had problems in the past.The food was very good. Lobster bisque came out nice and hot, not the easiest service trick  in a wide shallow bowl. The Ribeye and the Lamb were PERFECTLY cooked to order. NOT swimming in butter as another reviewer had mentioned. The sizzling plate service did indeed work very well to keep the meat warm while you ate without continuing to cook it.The lamb had issues with the trim. There were broken bones and the "Silver Skin" (tendons) should have been removed. They don't apparently do any of the butchering, frenching, etc in house. So, a machine probably made the mistake, but the chef should have noticed before cooking and corrected the trim. I expressed this to our waiter, and the manager came and spoke with us about it. They were very gracious and seemingly appreciative of my constructive criticism.The Au Poivre (which I had with the lamb, being preferable to the mint offered on the menu) was good. A tad too hot, so that the lamb was left behind the pepper instead of the pepper just highlighting the flavour of the meat. This is something that can happen just based on the current batch of peppercorns, so wasn't the chef's fault I don't think-it's not like it wasn't edible...it just wasn't perfect (and maybe not as good as mine ;)It was our anniversary. We didn't want dessert, but Michael insisted and brought us a complimentary little plate of three sampler size type desserts, and a to-go box for them. He also said that the chef had asked for my email address. I'm curious to see what I hear from that!     I know, this is long. The wrap up is that if you are very particular about service,  you won't apparently be disappointed with the new staff (or some retained, as Michael has been there 5  years apparently). Everything is pricey, but you get what you'd expect. If you like your beef properly aged, they're doing it right. ALL sides being a la carte is maybe a bit much, but they are also family style so you can share one with two or three people which is kind of nice.     Ask for Michael, tell him the McCrady's sent you. Get the pomegranate martini!!!
5	Amazing food and great service~~~~~
5	My first visit to the oft mentioned Ruth's Chris for lunch this weekend was a great experience, from the easy to find location to the sampling of the brunch/lunch menu on a Sunday afternoon.Our server, Brandon, was excellent!  He made suggestions, checked with the kitchen on a couple of special requests made by our table and our glasses never even thought about getting empty!  The restaurant is nicely decorated and of course would make a great backdrop for any special occasion...we were celebrating 3 birthdays and an anniversary all at once at our table!Our table of six ordered Shrimp and Grits, Stuffed Chicken Breast, Jumbo Shrimp Chop Salad, Salmon, a New York Strip, and a Steakburger.  I sampled all but the salmon and burger and they were delish, the steak was almost fork tender and seasoned perfectly!!  I ordered the stuffed chicken breast that came filled to overflowing with a yummy cheesy buttery goodness inside on top of mashed potataoes and aspargus - it was all very good!  We shared the sides of sweet potato casserole, mashed potatoes and asparagus and each was prepared perfectly.Around us we saw some wonderful brunch dishes being brought out and I would love to return for a visit to sample some of that selection of waffles, omelets and maybe even steak and eggs!For dessert we shared Creme Brulee, Key Lime Pie, Cheesecake and a Chocolate Sin Cake.  The creme brulee was good, not the best I've ever had, as was the key lime pie, nothing super spectacular and the same could be said for the cheesecake.  Now the Chocoloate Sin Cake? Fellow yelpers - I've found the richest most chocolately thing I've ever put in my mouth! Seriously - it warrants a trip back just for this cake, I promise!  I have a yelper friend in mind that simply MUST check it out!Sure Ruth's Chris is known for steak, but the variety we had this trip shows that there is more to be found than just beef!  Did I mention the Chocolate Sin Cake? Oh? I did? Trust me....you need to try it!I would have given the restaurant a 4.5 out of 5 if I could have, the half point being deducted for the other 'okay' desserts and the not overwhelmingly yummy entrees, but the WOW factor of the cake and the very good sample of steak I had made me round up!  Go. Eat. Enjoy!
5	Yes, tonight was a special occasion, and what a special night it was.This is our first visit to this location, and after reading the reviews on Yelp, we had to give it a try.  To top it off, we were confident that this would be the right place to spend this occasion, and let me tell you we were not disappointed.For starters, I used Yelp, to place the reservations online via the open table reservations.  It was simple and since I prepared two weeks in advance the time slot was readily available.Upon arriving at the restaurant, they offer courtesy valet parking, a private parking lot, and a parking garage for your convenience. The hostess met us at the door, she was very friendly, and took our names for the reservation.  We were very promptly seated, our drinks were promptly filled with water, and bread and butter was provided at that time. Our server was at our table just after the water finished flowing and was very informative regarding the menu.I would have provided pictures as I normally do, however, I did feel somewhat uncomfortable trying to take photos during this special night, and opted to just write a review instead.My wife's meal consisted of the Petite Filet, and Garlic Mashed Potatoes.  I had the Ribeye with the BBQ Crab Steak Topping which had a very buttery yet skampi-ish type flavor. It had a very nice flavor and the crab was awesome.  We skipped the desert , and headed to the Cheesecake Factory across the street, but let me tell you that the deserts that passed by our table looked very good.This meal had all of the essentials of an great meal. Great service, great food, and while I may have splurged tonight, it was definitely placed on our to be back lists, regardless of the occasion.I am stingy with my stars, but this was a solid 5 star experience.NCFoodGuy
4	Unfortunately, my experience here ends up being compared to a much superior Del Friscos.  Having had the exact same thing a day earlier (excessive, I know), the comparison is inevitable.  I felt as if my filet was just ok.  It was slightly on the bland side and more rare than I expected (a good thing depending on how you like it).  The thing I don't like about Ruth's Chris is their overuse of butter.  My steak came out in covered and practically swimming in butter.Service was pretty damn good for our party of 10 and our waiter even engaged us in some good wine talk, so this review gets a boost.4 stars.  Ruth's is adequate for your above average steakhouse, but if you can swing it, try Del Friscos instead, it's not too far away.
5	If I'm going to pay top dollar at a nice steakhouse, Ruth's is where I want to go.Steaks are perfectly cooked, with a nice seasoning to them. Sides are served a la carte. Upon my visit, I had the petite filet, steakhouse salad, creamed spinach & mashed potatoes. Temperature & presentation was top notch!The wait staff are friendly & knowledgeable about the menu. The atmosphere is classy & clean. I like dressing up to come here & other patrons feel the same way.Drinks are crafted perfectly. I go with the sour apple martini & it is delicious!
5	For my birthday this year my wonderful husband took me to Ruth's Chris for dinner. The restaurant was pretty empty when we arrived at 7pm for our reservation. But soon started filling up with a few couples and several tables of business men. it went from fairly quiet to noisey just as quickly. I would've taken pictures inside but the lighting was so dim, although perfect for a nice romantic dinner setting, was less than ideal for my Iphone camera.We started off with a couple cocktails awaited our stuffed mushroom appetizer and enjoyed conversation.Our waiter was informative and very pleasant. (M Miles?)Our stuffed mushrooms arrive and it is 4 fairly good sized mushrooms over stuffed with a very nice crab stuffing, topped with butter melting in the dish. Wonderful flavors blended in not over seasoned and could have used a little more cheese on top and maybe its just me but I thought a squeeze of lemon would have set it over the top! Yumnext we had our dinner, my husband had the ribeye and I choose the petite filet with shrimp. sides we choose were the asparagus with hollandaise and potatoes au gratin which is enough for 2 people to share so becareful on ordering sides plenty of sharing family style opportunites. The asparagus were perfectly aldente and the hollandaise is none like I have ever had it was the consistency of a mayonnaise with a pleasant flavor. and it complimented the asparagus well. my 2 small filets melted in my mouth and each was topped with 3 nice sized shrimp each. this is a great alternative and less expensive than buying the filet and adding $12 for the 6 shrimp! i tasted my husbands ribeye and it was very tasty but in my opinion could've been more tender. now the au gratin potatoes we did not care for. there was a strange taste of cheese we could not put our finger on. very strong pungent cheese that left an after taste in our mouths. upon asking the waiter what was in it he returned to say the odd cheese was some kind of italian cheese (dont remeber the name) and he and the manager Kevin said they would take it off our bill, but hence it did not disappear so that was $8 thrown in the trash!we ordered the creme brulee which is out of this world! I personally dont like custard like desserts but I will eat this any time!our waiter also brought us on the house a trio of desserts, it was the chocolate sin cake, rasberry sorbet and a mini cheesecake. my husband melted into the cheesecake savoring every bite. the sorbet was glorious and the chocolate sin cake, well my first bit all I could say is WOW. that is pure chocolate, eating more than a couple bites will send you into a sugar shock! if you love dark chocolate this is the dish for you! I highly recommend sharing that sin! I did love combining a small bite of the cake along with the sorbet, it balanced out the strong cake very well. I would love to eat here often but the cost is the downfall for that. 2 of us spent $155 without tip.2 jack and coke $18.502 crown and coke $20.50mushrooms $12petite filet and shrimp $39.00ribeye $40asparagus $9potatoes $8creme brulee $8a wonderful meal for a wonderful end to my day!
5	Love, love love this place. In the few times I have been here I have never had a bad steak and the service is above all of the rest. Yes it is a bit expensive but well worth the money in my opinion with the quality of the steak cuts, service and the deserts take it over the top.The management here is always available in the dining room and make it a point to come by at least once during your meal to make sure that you are pleased with the service and meal. I cant say enough about this place, it is a great place for taking that special someone to spend that little extra on to show them how much you love and appreciate them.
4	The bar service was pitifully slow, but it WAS a busy night, so I'll give 'em a by on that one.  The food and food service was outstanding.  Friendly staff, fresh and delicious food.  I'll be back often
2	Can you say disappointment?? That would summarize my review of Ruth's Chris Southpark. Why am I so specific, well, because I've been to other locations and as a result, expect MUCH better. This is restaurant week in Charlotte, and YES, restaurants are busy. We booked in to this location for my wifes birthday because she LOVED the downtown location when we did this last year (also during restaurant week). Let me just say, when we went to the downtown location last year, it was one of the best dining experiences EVER!! Southpark location, not so much! :(It started out with a 45 minutes wait at the door. We had an 8:15 reservation, but waited until nearly 9:00pm before being seated. The plus... the hostess gave us all a glass of champagne. The minus... there really wasn't a good place to wait!When we finally did get seated, it continued to go downhill. Our server (Jon/John?) was not terribly attentive. (Something we did NOT experience downtown!) We seldom saw him and when waiting for him... we really waited! My wife ordered a glass of wine. We were well into the first course before she received it. Oh and did I mention that the salad dressing my wife received for my salad was wrong! And since it took so long for our server to appear (about the time the wine arrived), the rest of the party was halfway through their appetizers! When we told the waiter, no appology... just off he went and got her the correct salad dressing. So, on to the main course. FIRST ... NONE of the steaks came in the famous Ruth's Chris 1800 degree sizzling manner! In fact my steak (More on this in a minute) looked like it had been sitting for some time. Now, I had a wonderful Filet Mignon.. the problem with that was, I ORDERED  a NY strip! I had thought about sending it back, but based on how our experience to this point, I certainly was NOT going to take the time wait for another steak while my party waited!!!! My wife at the petite Filet. Overdone. She ordered a medium. It came VERY well done. Her comment, which to me was priceless... "I could have gotten this at Western Sizzlin!" Now, I'm not a Western Sizzlin hater, but somehow I just expected better fro Ruth's Chris!  Do you want to hear MORE?? When the bus boy came, he spilt corn on my wifes gift and our guests jacket as he cleared the table. And as I sit here composing this, drinking my lovely hot coffee, I think back to the almost warm coffee I was served last night. To sum it up... disappointment! I KNOW they can do better, but they totally failed last night! Next year... maybe we'll try downtown again... or move to Del Frisco, Morton, Palm ...SOMEBODY must want our business!
1	Was not a fan. The steak looked like it had been torn up and twisted into many parts. Looked nothing like what we ordered. The taste was very bland. We both had a horrible time there. Service was atrocious and we felt like we were being treated poorly. We may give them another chance but at the one up-town as I care nothing about going back to this one.
5	Hooray for my birthday always being during restaurant week! 9:15 reservations, seated almost immediately. Started with the Cesar salad. Nice portion size. Holy crouton goodness! They were my favorite part of the salad. So yum. Decided to do the $10 upgrade to the kings feast. I mean $10 for 5 extra ounces of filet mignon...its really a no brainer. Medium rare please and green beans,mashed potatoes and onion rings as sides. Steak comes out sizzling, cooked perfectly to my liking(kinda on the rarer side) and at least 2 inches thick. Birthday steak wish granted. Sides were good as well. The green beans really stood out. Since it was a special occasion our waitress had 2 complementary glasses of wine delivered to the table. No idea what wine it was but it was amazing. Seriously, i could have easily downed a bottle or two of it (Im trying to keep it classy, i promise). Onto dessert. To me it usually feels like dessert is kinda an afterthought at most restaurants. I was very impressed with the 3 dessert sampler they offered. It featured a slice of chocolate espresso cake, a small cheesecake and a raspberry sorbet. Again, awesome and exceeded my expectations. I will definitely be back as i have dreams to one day order the "porterhouse for two" for one.
5	We joined the annoying masses during restaurant week for a steak at Ruth's Chris.  We've been to this place more than a dozen times now, and we've come to expect the best.  Restaurant week here is funny though, because your stiffs in suits and ties are literally replaced with jeans and loud flower shirts.  It's like NASCAR took over for a week!The best part is that some genius finally figured out that you shouldn't serve the scraps to folks at restaurant week - you should go above and beyond to wow people - that's exactly what they did.I've never gotten a different entree at RC besides the steak.  I've had the queen and the king sized filets, the ribeye, and even the strip.  All of which have been outstanding.  Definitely recommend you try the creamed spinach side, it's REALLY good.The restaurant week had a wine special too, Mondavi collection, for cheap!  like $28 bottles cheap.  Don't get me wrong, the wine itself is only slightly better than drinking from a spitoon bucket at a wine tasting, but that's a bargain!  The real wine list, which by the way I was scolded by my wife for taking too long to read (in my defense it's freakin sweet and is like 6 or 7 pages long), is impressive and can really do some damage to your wallet.All in all this is the white table cloth fine dining place you go to after you've gotten a big promotion.  Take a date here and well... she'll pretty much have too, if ya catch my drift *wink wink*
5	My girlfriend an i went to Ruths on a Friday night.  We had reservations and actually got seated early with no problems.  Our waiter, Marvin, was really great answering our questions about the menu.  He recommended the porter house for 2 and it was perfect.  He made us really feel that we were wanted there and appreciated.  I would go back again for their great steaks, but i would hope we could sit again in Marvin's section.
3	Went there earlier this year for our anniversary. A fancy fancy place, service and the atmosphere were all very nice, good for a special occasion. But steak? I had better!! The shining point of the whole dinner was the dessert. I thought All other food were just ok. Good experience thoguh.
4	Quote of the night "its not the size the counts, its how rich it is" in reference to their chocolate sin cake. So true, but I get ahead of myself.First off, as you may have gathered, this place is expensive. Don't think that $50 gift card will go far. That's the lower end for an entree. For one. With no drinks. You have been warned.We brazenly walked in to Ruth's on an unassuming Saturday night without reservations, taking the hostesses unawares with the aforementioned brazenness. No tables of course, but the bar is (always) available. We were seated within 2 minutes. 80% of the time, this strategy works 100% of the time. Upon being seated, were with greeted with a handshake and introduction to the bar-staff (waaaa?) while not one, but two napkins and full flatware was laid out. An interesting beginning to the evening. Fantastic service, but I am just unaccustomed to shaking hands with a server (hope they wash their hands...)The leather-bound menu looks as amazing as it was heavy. We both opted for the Classic menu selection, which includes a starter (soup or salad), entree, side, and dessert for between $40-$50 depending on the entree. Considering that many sole entrees start at $60, this was a pretty good deal. To got different starters and sides to maximize the experience. *Tip for the Try-Frugal (you want to try it, but lack a trust fund): Come with a friend, get the Classic Menu Selection and split it. Unless you haven't eaten in a while, it'll suffice.Starters:- The tortilla soup (an item I traditionally associate with Mexican restaurants) was much better than I had expected for a steakhouse. Well played! - The arugula, mandarin & Prosciutto Salad, on the other hand, did not really do it for me. I think that I could buy all the ingredients ready-made (including the ubiquitous canned mandarins) from Costco and make it myself. I just expected more.Winner: the tortilla soupSides:- Creamed Spinach: these came recommended and I can see why, it is about 50% cream. I am in no way complaining. If it is one thing that Ruth does well, its dairy. The bartender totally called this. - Garlic Mashed Potatoes: A let down, particularly after seeing how glorious their baked potatoes looked. These are your grandma's garlic potatoes, maybe a little drier and light on the garlic. Although, it was brought to my attention that my lackluster reaction may be the result trying it after the rich creamed spinach. You can decide.Winner: Baked potato (the one I briefly mentioned in passing). What can I say, I looked really, really good. Honorable mention to the creamed spinach.Entree:- Stuffed Chicken Breast: Oh. My. God. I was so blind before, but THIS is what willis was talking about all along. Even our good friend the bartender said that this was the best item on the menu. It is a double chicken breast "stuffed with garlic herb cheese and served with lemon butter". Poking it causes volcanic eruptions of gooey cheese. I ate all of it. And I am not sorry. Seriously amazing!- Filet: Honestly, I didn't care for it. A bit lacking in flavor and dry for me, although adding one of the compliments (cheese or pepper sauce) may alleviate this. Perhaps I just don't know how to appreciate a good steak? Who knows. I'd never do it again.Clear winner: chicken breast!!!!Dessert:Chocolate sin cake x2 (the only dessert available on the value menu)- One is enough for two, as it is a flour-less chocolate cake (i.e., fudge). You need to smother it in cream in order to stuff it down your gullet; otherwise the richness can cause you to choke. Though, my favorite part though was the witty remark from our new bff the bartender in response to an inquiry on the size of the dessert: "size doesn't matter the counts, its how rich it is". Truly, it was your bartendery wisdom that left me satiated me that evening.  *Actually not our bff. I was merely trying to describe the growing feelings of affection towards the bartender--which all started with a handshake.TIP2: shake hands with your wait staff (just be sure to be aware of and obey any local laws which may run contrary to this tip)
5	Delicious t-bone, cooked perfectly. Chop salad is a must. Bob, our server, did a great job.
4	Review from March  18, 2012 from myTripAdvisor account:SHES ALWAYS GREAT!!" What is there to say except excellent steaks,crab cakes, and creme brulee"!!!!!!
2	We visited Ruth's Chris on a Saturday night at 8:00 p.m., and we should've known something was up when the place was half empty.  We had a drink at the bar first; the bartender was nice but seemed a little overwhelmed and slow.  Once we were seated, we waited forever for our server to come over.  We were just about to get up and leave when he finally appeared.  He then introduced himself and wanted to shake my fella's hand, which seemed odd especially considering we were about to eat.  We decided to fire it up a little and ordered a $100 half bottle of wine.  The sommelier came over to open it, which was nice, but he said he got some cork in the bottle while he was opening it.  He then came back with an already decanted bottle of wine.  Now, we're no fancy pants wine tasters, and we have no idea if he indeed opened a new bottle of the same wine or just brought us some leftover Franzia.  We ordered the BBQ shrimp appetizer, which was good, and the petite filets for dinner, which were also good.  This is the third time we've been in probably six months, and each time we keep hoping the service will get better, but no luck.
5	Once again Restaurant Week gave us a winner here, but you really can't go wrong with such excellent selections,and superior service! I went for the lettuce wedge salad, stuffed chicken breast and garlic mashed potatoes.The lettuce wedge salad is one of my favorites here, it has bacon, bleu cheese crumbles and I chose the balsamic vingerette dressing. All of my favorites in one super yummy dish! Nothing is overwhelming on this dish,  all in ingredients work so well together and I loved every bite!The stuffed chicken breast was so freaking good!!! It's an oven roasted double chicken breast stuffed with garlic herb cheese and served with lemon butter. Every bite of chicken is oozing with that heavenly garlic herb cheese! It's delicious...cooked to perfection, the chicken is so juicy... I want more now! The garlic mashed potatoes were whipped and very good. All the sides are served family style so I suggest if you go with a group everyone should try something different because its more than enough to share!Even though I was beyond stuffed, for the desert, they served mini cheesecakes with blueberries on top. It was delicious! I left happy and full and it didn't damage my wallet too much! Awesome!
5	Another wow'd performance at Ruth's Chris.  After a gorgeous and extroverted bartender poured me a delicious beer, we sat down for our meal, where the remarkable service began.The first indication of world-class service happened before we even sat down.  Our hostess immediately picked up our white napkins and replaced them with black ones, knowing that we had on darker clothing and did not wish to take the little fuzzes with us - exactly what should have happened, but often doesn't.After ordering the wine, I'm having a quiet conversation with the Mrs. and I make a comment to her that I felt a draft - the air conditioner was blowing on my head and I could feel it.  Not strongly enough to make a fuss, I just noticed it and said something to my wife.Not three minutes later, the waiter at the next table over visits us and explains that he has turned off the A/C so it would stop blowing on my head - outstanding!  The incredible service was amplified with our top-flight waiter who was there when we needed him and left us alone when we didn't.  At one point I asked him, "If we don't finish this bottle of wine, can we recork it and take it with us?""Absolutely," he replied, "we even have a special, sealable bag that goes on top.  Would you like for me to decant the wine?""Well, I would prefer to decant it, but if you do, I won't be able to take it home if we don't finish it," I say quasi-dissapointedly.  "Not a problem, sir, I would be happy to pour whatever you don't finish in the decanter back into the bottle, seal it, and send you on your way."Take notes other restaurants out there (Morton's, DelFrisco's, Flemings) - This is how you wow customers.The stuffed mushrooms were very good, but truth be told, I prefer more "chunky" crab meat in them as opposed to the crab meaty paste.  Our steaks were delicious, as per usual, really are top notch on quality, food temperature, preparation, and taste.  Our garlic mash was great, but our asparagus was a bit blah.  I know they're not exactly in season at the moment and I have to have some knock, right?  Overall the food was excellent.  A terrific dining experience accompanied by beautiful company and an extensive wine list creates a perfect recipe for a satisfied customer - we will be back!
4	My husband and I were introduced to this Ruth Chris location due to a Networking Event for The Grays foundation ( A husband and wife duo who does great things in the community in Charlotte). We are new to Charlotte and had never traveled that far up Fairview pass Whole Foods and the Mall so there were other places we discovered back in that section of South Park as well that we can not wait to experience.We are NOT NEW to Ruth Chris by far, I'm from Chicago and my husband New York City so we've been there and done that. What made this Ruth Chris special and stand out was the exceptional service, professionalism and attentiveness of the wait staff, the manager and the hostess.The event we attended also made me LOVE this Ruth Chris even more because there was a high percentage of professional african americans and the staff didn't change the way they should treat customers AT ALL and I've found this to be the case at a lot of South Park restaurants we've eaten in (e.g. Maggiano's). The fact that no one on the staff were rude, or lacked attentiveness and professionalism made me want to give this Ruth Chris more business in the near future.I had the BBQ Shrimp appetizer as my meal ( I wasn't very hungry because there was FREE food catered by Ruth Chris for the event that I nibbled on earlier) and my husband had the Stuff Chicken. My husband LOVED his stuff chicken and I made mention to Nate (our AMAZING waiter) that my shrimp was cold which I believed stemmed from them waiting to bring my shrimp out while my husband stuff chicken cooked (which takes 30plus minutes). I informed him that I was okay eating the shrimp because I didn't want to wait for another batch and eat to late in the evening. Nate was persistent to get me HOT shrimp, so along with the check he brought out HOT shrimp in a to go container and presented it to me and said "Your lunch for tomorrow". This was very nice and I appreciated, I indeed added the shrimp to a salad and ate it the next day for lunch.I didn't get the manager name, however he was VERY nice and came over to check on us twice. He even joked about me taking pictures and I let him know that I was about to Yelp our meal and he said "Carry-On and I hope you LOVE IT"..
4	Food was very good. Filet was a bit small but came with enough shrimp to compliment it. Calamari appetizer was a huge hit. Something with the batter! Chocolate gnache dessert is HUGE. One is more than enough for 2 people.
5	Seriously probably one of the best steaks I've had recently!! They are priced high but you are getting quality and the portions are good too. The sweet potato casserole and green beans were great!! I had the filet and my boyfriend had the NY Strip. Both were really good although we both agreed mine was better :-)  The chocolate cake was okay but not as good as some people said it was.  In the future I think I'll come and try an appetizer and skip the dessert!! That being said I will definitely be coming back!! The food and service was above reproach and I was very happy that it lived up to all the raving I had heard about it even though it is a chain restaurant!!
4	Yep, I'm a fan.My bride and I went to RC recently and had a fantastic meal!  The salads were fantastic, the steak was perfect to order, and dessert was perfection!I personally prefer my plate not to be warm because I don't want it to keep cooking and they had no problem catering to our preferences.  I recommend the chocolate cake as the finisher.  Wow it was wonderful!
5	Visited for Charlotte restaurant week and the food was fantastic. Service was great and very formal. Certainly would go again.
2	Serivce was great.  There for an anniversary.  Everyone went over the top to say congrats.  Now...prices and food.  Ruths, in my opinion, has gone way downhill in quality over the years.  For $43 my steak better be off the charts great.  It wasn't.  Both the fliet and ribeye were mediocre at best.  Salad was bland.  The calimari, in a Thai chili sauce, was quite nice though.  Doubt I'll be back to any Ruths anytime soon, unless a wealthy benefactor is footing the bill.  $150 for two steaks, an app, a salad, one potato au gratin (very dissapointing) and two glasses of wine.  Plenty of other high end places at the same or less of a price point wtih better meat.  Again, just one person's opinion but I do eat at steak places worldwide on a regular basis.
5	We had dinner here this past Friday night...the food and service was amazing. Our servers name was Ryan and he was wonderful.  Our food was delicious and cooked perfectly. Looking forward to going back soon.
2	had some money to spend. arrived 40 min before 8:15 rez and sat at the bar. seated on the dot with smiling drinks and appetizer. Both ordered med rare meat and one side. abandoned for an hour and a quarter they finally sent the gm to find our food. food was fine..real fine. tried to escape and power to the whole building went out as i tried unsuccessfully to cash out. wrote my card # on a napkin and left in the dark. best part was the valet parking. it was pouring
5	See the photo I posted!Kevin and I have birthdays back to back, and Ruth Chris has turned into our birthday celebration dinner for the past 3 years.  We went to Ruth Chris last night and were promptly seated, as well as greated by our server.I ordered some wine - which was fabulous.  I asked for the name after dinner as I wanted to see if I could find it in the stores, and our server promptly brought it back written in a Ruth's Chris card.  Back to the food, we both ordered Ribeye steaks, and also the creamed spinach and potatoes au gratin.  The last two times I ordered the petit filet, while good, it is not as fabulous as the ribeye.  It comes out all nice and warm on the hot bubbly plate!  Kevin and I could easily share this steak, but asking us to share a steak is a big no no! :)  We loved it and cannot wait to have the leftovers tonight, truely one of my favorite steaks.  The last three years we have always had it with potatoes au gratin and another side.  So obviously you can tell we love the cheesy gooey'ness of the potatoes, but have not found another side that we love.  Sure the salads and the spinach are good, but we haven't found that second staple - of course that is a good thing so we can try different sides.  The bread is good too - We had 2 slices left and asked them to pack is up for us - instead they packed up a whole new loaf!As you can tell, we do not go here often, it is a special treat because of the price.  I love our once a year deal to come here.  Food is great and service has always been fabulous - we are treated so well.  The first time we came here, I had a wine I hated, did not drink much of it and the server commented on it.  Since we were done with our meal, he brought out a sampler of desserts on the house - very kind of them.  Let me say, if we did not have so many desserts at home because of our birthdays, we would have ordered the cheesecake - it is fabulous!Until next year Ruth Chris!
4	Amazing food !!!
3	I've been to A LOT of Ruth's Chris restaurants and I have to say I've been to this location twice and it's been disappointing both times. Each time we had reservations and were stuck in a side room that DID NOT look like the rest of the restaurants and servers who seemed to be wishing they were in the other part of the restaurant jut like we were. IF I had to recommend one thing I would recommend going to the Uptown location and leave this one alone.
5	Table waiting at requested time, excellent service, delicious food. Cannot go wrong with this business model.Ben P.
5	Dear Ruth--Your son Chris must have been some kind of wonderful because he inspired some of the best food to ever hit my mouth!!!  I love you all dearly!!!I am always on the search for a good steak and Charlotte has plenty of "ruth-like" places where you order a ridiculously expensive steak and then share a couple sides.  But somehow out of all the places I always return to my first love.  I just simply love the food here.  The steak just has NOT been beat in my opinion.  I always get the filet and it always melts in my mouth and I can always cut it with a butter knife or fork.  It is tender, it is juicy, it requires no additional seasoning, it is PERFECT.The sides not just compliments to the meal, they are essential and just as good as the main dish.  I love their mashed potatoes (regular or sweet), their broccoli au gratin is amazing, and you can close your eyes and point to any of the salads listed and you will be satisfied.  I haven't tried all of the desserts but their bread pudding makes me want to jump for joy.  Food excites me.  It's weird.  I know.This last visit to Ruth's was for a special celebration and I didn't think the quality of service was up to par.  They seemed rushed and our server seemed to go missing quite frequently.  They just didn't have that "it" factor this time for some reason.  It was the day after Christmas so maybe that is why...I don't know.  Normally I walk in and am greeted as if I was their special guest and I leave feeling like I was treated like royalty.  This time, not so much.  However, I don't care because the food was all that and then some.  I would still return again and again because they just do it right!!If anyone has suggestions on a place they have been that tops this steak I want to hear about it!  Don't tell me the Palm, Flemmings, Sullivan's  or Del Friscoes.  I have compared all of those places.Until then....much love to Ruthy :)
2	We went to Ruth's Chris at the South Park location on a Sunday evening and let's just say the crowd was "different". The service was great and our server did a great job, however the food was mediocre at best. The bread was hard and crispy, the Caesar salad had so much dressing that it was overwhelming with a more than usual super strong anchovie taste, the petite filet was actually very good and well prepared, however my husband did not enjoy his ribeye at all and kept comparing it to Del Frisco's across the street. The garlic mashed potatoes were very creamy and rich tasting, but we did not like the green beans at all. Overall this was a very mediocre dinning experience with an unusual crowd and not a place we will be returning to.
2	Let me start off by saying this is a review a year in the making as I actually visited Ruth Chris- Southpark last year for restaurant week and was reminded of my experience since that time has come around again this year. I was really excited to visit this place for the first time as Ruth Chris franchise is very well known and I'm a steak and potatoes guy at heart. So I figured I'd give a classy steakhouse a try seeing how I had pretty much tried in the middle of the road ones you can try (longhorn,outback, texas roadhouse etc) My date and I and reservations for a Sunday evening so getting seated was not an issue. There was a fairly good amount of people there as you would expect for the first evening of the special menu, but it wasn't bursting at the seams busy. However, the sluggish service throughout the whole dining experience felt like their staff couldn't handle the extra foot traffic. I had allotted a good amount of stomach space for this meal so I wasn't really happy with living off plain ol bread and water for what seemed like an eternity.  Their restaurant weekend menu wasn't really impressive once you tasted and viewed the seemingly reduced portions they were dishing out. Anything worth having really required an "upgrade" which really defeats the purpose of getting a quality experience at a 30 per person price point. The appetizers made it to us not very long after the entrees. We really didn't start eating until maybe 45 minutes after we had sat down. The ribeye I had wasn't bad by any means, but I was certainly not blown away by it and actually got bored with it before I finished. If I hadn't tanked up on bread and water I doubt it would have felt like a filling meal. The cheesecake desert was just a little sliver just enough to quench  a sugar fix but it was very forgettable. Maybe it was just an off night which sucks because I wanted to love this place so bad and it has many positive reviews. I just can't see myself going out of my way to visit a Ruth Chris restaurant again and pay premium prices when I've easily had better steak experiences at other places.
4	This was my second time coming to this location and everyone from the valet attendants to the wait staff made me feel like a special quest and "Queen" for the night.I got the filet with twin lobster tails ($47.95) and it was succulent but the broccoli was extremely plain with no flavor at all ($8).  The presentation of the chopped salad was exquisite, unlike any I've seen - not in a bowl but created in some sort of round cylinder to create a perfectly stacked look ($9).Although dinner was memorable I think the majority of the menu is grossly overpriced and the broccoli needed flavor and flair.  In my opinion I can't see paying $150 for 2 salads, 2 entrees and 2 side items (no dessert!) when my meals are just as tasty at Longhorn or Outback without all the foo foo.  A nice treat when someone else is paying because I'm much too conservative!
4	Another great franchise steakhouse, always great place for dinner...had their filet mignon and shrimp cocktail.  Great atmosphere, casual to nice attire.
2	GEW.  Just another overrated and overpriced chain steakhouse (not to say all chain steakhouses are bad; Del Frisco's is decidedly not bad).I will go through all the things I tried and why each, minus the desserts, sucked:- BREAD: step up your bread game, RC.  This was some of the worst restaurant bread I've ever had.  It was like a warmed up Harris Teeter "french roll." Bland, dry... so unsatisfactory.- HARVEST SALAD: fine, this didn't suck, per se. it was just fine, but c'mon, it's a salad.- OSSO BUCCO RAVIOLI: ordered as an appetizer. did not like. the tastes in this dish did not go well with each other.- LAMB CHOPS: medium rare with mint jelly. frowny face. basically hunks of lamb fat served with mint jelly from a jar. I know, I know, who gets lamb at a steakhouse -- whatever, I just wanted to try them.  Lesson learned.  And I guess for the price, I thought they would at least have a mint chutney or something... not the mint version of canned cranberry sauce.- NEW YORK STRIP: medium (sigh). Despite being medium, this was the best of the three meat dishes.  It was fine.- RIBEYE: medium rare. I don't even know what wasn't good about it.  It just didn't taste good nor did I enjoy the texture.  BLT's ribeye puts this one to shame.- LOADED BAKED POTATO: seriously, RC... w.t.f. My potato was undercooked so instead of being soft and flaky, it was hard and chunky. like bread, a baked potato should be a gimme... yet, RC didn't do either right.- CREAMED SPINACH: so so so bland.- MASHED POTATOES: so so so mediocre.- ONION RINGS: fine. - APPLE TART: delicious. - CHEESECAKE: so delicious.- SERVICE: server was average. bussers were surly as hell. food runners were confused. literally took about 20 mins. for us to get our check and pay. nothing annoys me more than being ready to leave and the server won't take my money.I wish I could use my words better to explain why the steaks were not good... alas, what I said above will have to suffice.  If you want a good steak, go to BLT or Del Frisco's.  Don't come here. Don't go to Fleming's, either.  It's worse than RC.
5	Absolutely love this place. The service is great and the food is amazing. Best steak I've ever had. Expensive but really good.
5	Went for Charlotte Restaurant Week in Thursday night. Overall the service and good were great. We all had the 6 oz tenderloin filet and each added a compliment to our steaks--scallops, shrimp and the creole crab. We all liked the salads, the entrees and the sides. If you want to switch out a side off the fixed menu, you can but there is a up charge. Not a huge deal. The sides are smaller than normal but still enough to share. One steak had to be sent back because they didn't prepare as requested due to allergies to the butter. Dessert was chocolate bark and mini cheesecake. Everyone commented how good the food was and that it was just the right size. Service was attentive and spot on.  I have always thought Ruth Chris had the better steak of all the higher end steakhouses---tonight didn't disappoint. They were well prepared for Charlotte Restaurant Week. I go several times a year to various Ruth Chris locations and have found them to always be consistent.
5	A friend and I went to Ruth Chris at Southpark during Restaurant Week in July 2014.Our server was Michael, who had waited on us before and remembered it.  His service was impeccable.  The manager Mr. K. Pace came by our table and introduced himself.  He was very helpful in evey way.  I applaud this steakhouse for it's service, leadership and most of all the delicious steaks....I highly reccomend this restaurant.S. Cooper
5	Loved the food! The bisque, shrimp with creole remoulade, potatoes, and salad. Everything was perfect! My husband really liked the meat. The restaurant decor is pretty stiff and stagnant with a conservative energy flow; not trendy or fun at all, but the food makes you forget about all that.Wait staff did a great job. Can't wait to visit again.
5	My mom and I frequent this location for various excuses to celebrate (or just eat/drink too much)...always a nice treat. It is a tad fancy-shmancy but the service is always on point and the food is cream of the crop. I love a good steak don't get me wrong but the item I get most excited about across the Ruth's Chris chain is the chopped salad to start. All day. Start your meal off right. Trust.
5	The steaks are so succulent, licks lips. Took my love her for his birthday dinner, well worth every dollar.
