3	Decent Asian fusion food.  The open air configuration of the restaurant can tend to make the place noisy, so not the spot for a romantic interlude.  The service was above average.
4	Crispy honey shrimp, 1,000 calories plus, but darn good eatin'.  If you want to make your tastebuds happy, you can here.  But any main dish worth chowing down on will dig into your calorie purse big time.  And don't get me started on desserts:  The rich and crazy chocolate and raspberry layered cake is nearly 3,000 calories.  The mini size is over 300 calories.  That's just a snack for someone like olympic swimmer Michael Phelps, but for the rest of us that spells diabetic coma. (Tip: Don't broadcast the calorie count of every single menu item.  Most people don't really want to know.)  This location has a boomerang-like or half-circle set-up.  I liked it.  The bar was loud on a Friday night, but not crowded.  You're not going to hear your cell phone at all there.  Drink-wise, I highly recommend the organic green tea, served hot.  That stuff is quality.  Also, their mojitos are fantastic: lots of lemon and mint, very refreshing and not too sweet.  There were 6 of us at a huge table and we ate and gabbed for so long that the waiter did a cute little sit down and said hi and then got up quickly and left.  I thought he was being flirty and getting off of his feet for a second, but the more wise and knowing in our group realized he was politely saying "beat it, we need to feed others." (Tip: it's called a lazy susan.  If you have a big group at a round table, you're gonna' see one of these.  We had zero lazy susan skills all night.  I think if you're going to drink, just be prepared to eat someone else's dish, or get dizzy trying to get to yours.)I'm not a big fan of chains when dining in my home town.  I think chains can make the big, bad scary world of restaurants a teeny more comfy when traveling when you're feeling less adventurous.  But compared to Tempe's PF Chang's location, this one's better and you really can enjoy your meal here.  It's nice to see cars parked there that you will never be able to afford, or take a stroll past tempting shops nearby.Note: If you are wheelchair bound or in a power chair, the table height at this location is high enough for you to eat like everyone else when seated at the table.  You don't have to be too far from your plate or too high up.  It's just right.
3	I know it's a chain. But I had a coupon for a free appetizer and a $25 gift card to use. Lunch came out to $4 and change- hard to beat. Our server, Regina, was fantastic- patient, personable, and professional.Newly quasi-vegetarian Hubby had the coconut curry vegetable dish and really liked it, except for the bizarre texture of the "silky tofu." It was like warm custard in a chewy rectangle. We're just learning about  this tofu thing. I had the Cantonese scallops which were cooked well, but should have been cleaned better- most had some grit. The dish was a little mild, even for this Midwestern girl. The crispy green bean app was really good- green beans flash fried in a salty tempura so the beans also stayed crisp.Look, people. "Cheating" on Big Wong and Gourmet House with PF Chang's is like Hubby cheating on me with a blow-up doll. It doesn't exactly count. It was just a cheap thrill when we found ourselves on the wrong side of town.
3	Their shrimp dishes are great- but you can get the same meal at any of their locations.  Drinks are average.  Service has always been good, so for that I'd pick this PF Changs over others.  Who am I kidding?  I just love Kierland Commons!
2	First off- do not order or eat the lettuce wraps.  A lady friend of mine that worked here explained how they come up with the filling for that dish and it's not appetizing.  Other than that it's OK, but their newer sister stores "Pei Wei" are better.  There are better places to eat.
5	Chang's Spicy Chicken makes me go...Ding du du du ding ding ...nu nu nuh! Fan-freaking-tastic.I love PF Changs...which we have renamed PF-Twang-Bangers...or PF Chizzle in Scotts-Dizzle.I know how mature right....Best way to go about it...Big huge pot of tea- I like the OOLONG Dragon EyeCalamari with the salt and pepper dip...An order of the Spicy Chicken...bow wow chicka chicka...Brown Rice of course!And an order of MooShoo pork ask him to put half in a box to take home for late night munchie factor...Followed by 2 fortune cookies...always spin them, whatever way the points are pointing thats yours!!Oh yeah and remember after reading your fortune.. you must say "IN BED" loudly after reading it.....makes it better.Rock on Twangs.
1	PF Changs stinks. Lousy food, lousy drinks, lousy service.
3	PF Changs is an A-OK Americanized chain Chinese restaurant...Maybe I should just refer to it as PF Chain?  No matter how I refer to it, I have no problem going to PF Changs - especially when I'm with a group of people that cannot decide where to go.  PF Changs to the rescue - there is something on the menu for everyone... vegetarians, meat eaters, boring bland food fans, seafood lovers, spicy enthusiasts, etc... they offer white rice, brown rice, noodles, and I suppose no-carb dishes if you eliminate all of the above.  I actually ordered PF Changs to-go recently and despite the fact that they did not include utensils of any sort in their packaging, the eggplant dish I ordered and the steamed shrimp and veggies with brown rice really hit the spot.  If you're going to eat at a chain, PF Changs is not a bad option... while it's never my first choice of restaurants to dine at, you can't go wrong at PF Changs either... just don't expect anything too authentic and you'll be fine.
4	Their Orange peel shrimp is soooooooooooooo good. I also like the ambience. Good Americanized chinese food :)
2	Went here about two months ago and am only now getting around to reviewing it. I think that should stand for something in terms of my experience there.The service was ridiculous. If one is going to charge the prices they charge for regular Americanized asian food... at LEAST make sure the menus you hand people are clean. Or your plates for that matter. Or silverware. Seriously! Did EVERYTHING have to be covered in grit or a mysterious sticky substance?Next up... the menu. Not everyone eats meat. How about a little more choices for us who prefer tofu over dead animal?I ordered the Coconut Curry Vegetables. Bland bland bland. I've had more flavor out of an unseasoned packet of ramen. And would it kill them to actually put some tofu on the plate?I guess I just don't understand the hype. The prices are ridiculous for the quality received. You're better off going to some little hole in the wall place where the food actually tastes like food and not reheated leftovers.
3	Love the lettuce wraps, there awesome! The chicken lo mein is really good as well and a lil shot of dessert at the end of the meal is perfection! not to expensive good food!
3	I'm having a hard time deciding btwn 2 or 3 stars. My first visit ever to a PF Changs. I am liking the outdoor seating. Looks like a great place to mingle. Liking the interior and enjoyed the round table our party set at with the lazy-susan in the middle that spins. Really impressed with the care and kindness of the staff in general and the manager. Some of the best attentiveness I have come across in lunching in AZ in a long while. Glad they didn't add the gratitude to our party of 6 lunch tab. Because we split the bill in 5ths to celebrate a birthday and our waiter (James) was awesome and we gave him more than the standard tip.  And I think tacking on gratitude is a tacky move for lousy service in many cases.But I sampled several things on the menu from among our table; Garlic noodles by far was the tastiest to me, Spring rolls had an old greasy after taste, Lettuce rolls looked gross yet why they are so popular I've no clue for they taste so-so, hot n spicy soup well I have had better elsewhere, chicken fried rice- well it was slightly different but not enough to win me back, and last sesame chicken - very pretty to look at but I have certainly had more flavorful in less fancier places. So you see what score do I rate them when the atmosphere and service is grand but the food not so grand? My friends love the place. Couldn't believe I had never been to one in neither AZ or WA. And though I may return because my friends pick the place and I not put up a strong protest, because it's a comfortable place. I'm sure I want be selecting it or likely to return otherwise... unless its to drink heavily at the full bar and hangout with friends. Most likely I'll eat somewhere else first. But then if I drink heavily maybe the food will taste as well as it is presented? Now that might be why my friends think the food is so grand! Also I must say that this location is a wonderful people watching destination. The cross of cultures, the fashions and uniforms that arrive made want to talk to everyone. Also for that reason I'm going to say this place is dressy rather than casual. And lastof all the waitstaff all so cute and young made me wish they could have had a few cute mature waiters to look at and drool over since these could have all been my children age wise. I'd like to give them 2 and half stars but since I can't I'll be generous and say its 3, because they're so nice. But if I visit again you'll have to earn all stars fully based on menu.
4	I must say that the company I was with made my experience pretty good hence the four stars. Plus I was hungry and the bartender was really sweet and the food was not bad at all. We ordered some pan fried shrimp dumplings, the crab wontons, VIP Duck and the chicken with orange sauce. Everything was pretty tasty except the chicken with orange sauce or orange peel or orange whatever was too orangey (is that a word?) The duck was tender and not fatty like some places and the dumplings and wontons were really good with the sauces we had. I do like the dessert menu they offer as they have $2.00 mini's that come in a huge shot glass. Too many to list here (sorry) but I ended up getting the cherry cheesecake and it was really, really good. My friend got the fried bananas they were wrapped like egg rolls and deep fried and came with four different dipping sauces and ice cream. Not too shabby. Top it off with some wine and good company and a girl is very happy. So there you have it. You will either love it or hate it at PF Changs and on this particular night, I loved it.
3	As you can tell by my other reviews I seldom frequent large factory restaurants..but, when driving around Keirland trying to make up your mind what to eat at close to 8:30pm,  P.F. Changs to the rescue! My wife and I sat at the bar, 45 min. wait for a table was too much...sat next to the service bar, the young lady bartender at this station needs a medal!  She was pouring drinks for servers, talking to servers, bantering with customers next to us, and verbally taking our order without a miss!  Had a good laugh with her regarding the fact a guy couldn't do that! (it was a joke men, really!)  So to say the least service was great!The food, well....(**insert shrug**), One of our dishes was extremely salty, commented to our amazing bartender and 2 min. later the manager came up to us and said, "we will make you a new one to go for you, give us a minute."  Now that my friends is the way to handle a customer complaint!  Very cool, and I will think fondly of PF Changs just for the way they handled our complaint!As for the food...from my previous experiences the appetizers are all  good, some of the entree's are overly sugared, but good..noodle dishes are usually good.  My favorite being chow fun.
3	We decided on PF Changs based mostly on it's FANTASTIC gluten free menu. Before we my recent discovery, we would only go to this restaurant only at last resort. Our family is not really into the Americanized chain restaurant concept and wait a hour for semi par food. Tonight we had a 7:30 reservation and arrived a couple minutes earlier, as we walked into the door towards the hostess counter we were instantly handed a beeper. Annoying. After twenty minutes after our reservation we were seated. We luckily had a fabulous server who was truly busting his butt. (They were definitely understaffed on a Saturday night) I ordered the gluten free lettuce wraps (ahh... I will admit they do have the best lettuce wraps!) and some gluten free citrus chicken. My place I was served with was a tad dirty but they sincerely apologized and retrieved me a new plate. (I'll forgive them this time!) I thought it was extremely thoughtful that they had such an extensive menu and even had gluten free soy sauce! (No San J this trip!) So the lettuce wraps came out smoothly and then our meals came... uh well most of them. They had seemed to have forgotten my meal. (which was not the end of the world, just a tad frustrating) About ten minutes later and when the rest of my family's meals mostly gone, my chicken dish had arrived. It was pretty decent, I must say I enjoy the gluten free chicken dishes better than the fried greasy mess that they sometimes serve you. We were later shown the "shot glass" deserts and the small gluten free desert but they really did look unappealing. Oh well, Yogurt Builders we go! :)Overall really just a so-so meal but I really do love that they have a great gluten free menu in such a large chain restaurant. Sometimes when you are at an unknown local something recognized is always great especially when you are certain what you will eat will not make you sick. I probably will go back based on that but I will ALWAYS make a reservation! There was a party sitting next to us when we were waiting that were still there after our meal, I mean is it really worth it?
4	Pf changs is pretty good, there changs spicy chicken is a really good dish, the service is great! I go there almost every two weeks.
4	perfect for family lunch on sabbaths! my fav.!!! :D
5	I visited a P.F. Chang's for the first time yesterday. We were looking for someplace nice that opened before noon on Sunday when we drove by Kierland Commons, and there it was.I'm not much into large chains, but at least this one was started in Scottsdale, and the company is headquartered in Scottsdale, so I consider it local.I've been to Pei Wei several times, but whenever I suggested P.F. Chang's, my husband thought of the downtown Scottsdale location, where parking is a bit of an ordeal. Not so at this north Scottsdale location.A hostess opened the door as we arrived, and we were seated immediately. Service was excellent throughout the meal. I ordered the Buddah's Delight (Vegetable medley with five-spice tofu served steamed or stir-fried, $7.95). My husband ordered the same thing as a Lunch Bowl with Egg-Drop Soup. I wasn't sure if the hot and sour soup was vegan, so I passed on the soup. His "lunch bowl" portion was smaller than my entree portion, so we switched. The vegetables were perfect--broccoli, snow peas, green beans, carrots. The tofu was the same style as that at Pei Wei. I don't know how they prepare it, but it's delicious. We both had brown rice.Our entire check, with iced tea that was never empty, was around $22--an excellent bargain for a good vegan meal in a nice atmosphere with great service.
3	I haven't been to a PF Changs in almost 2 years & my girlfriend Renee was in town & mentioned she loved this place. I had a $50 gc so I figured it was the perfect place to go. We got there around 2pm on new years eve. It was pretty packed & they said there was a 15 minute wait. We sat at the bar to order a cocktail while we waited. Not even a minute later they said a table opened up. I forgot her name, but our server was really sweet & talked about the Bucks with my lunch date (she lives in Ohio & goes to school there). For starters we ordered the chicken lettuce wraps. A pretty yummy app but nothing special IMO, Renee loved it though. For cocktails; Renee ordered the organic agave marg & I ordered the pf-x. Both were yummy but mine was amazing! For our entrees we decided to share the crispy honey shrimp & the orange peel chicken, both with white rice. Always thinking of my hubby, I ordered him the almond & cashew chicken (but ditch the almonds & add extra cashews) to go. All entrees were good, but again nothing special & overpriced if you ask me. Our server was kind enough to offer a couple dessert shots on the house, we ordered the raspberry cheesecake & triple chocolate mousse. Both were pretty good & the perfect size. Total (without tip) was $73, ugh-so glad I had that $50 gc! Overall the food & drinks were good, but I'm not really dying to come back.
5	as much as i abhor chains, they have a kickass happy hour. especially when you have gift cards and then you can eat and drink for 2, with a bill of about 3bucks.since i've yet to find any decent dim sum places in the valley, we tried their vegetable, shrimp, and edamame dim sum and it was good (yes, we've lived just a block from san francisco's china town and we've had great dim sum, so i've had some experience). the lettuce wraps are always a good go-to as well. no line for today's happy hour, but i'm sure next sunday it will be packed after their sponsored marathon. but i surely can't complain. the service, as usual, was excellent. like i said, great happy hour specials. i don't think i've ever eated a "meal" there though. will have to try!
5	The Happy Hour is fabulous.  The food is always fanastic.  The service is occasonally slower than other restaurants, but worth the wait.  I am not impressed with the seating hostess, too young and uncaring.Food 5 stars.Service 3 stars.Desserts 5 stars.
3	Super expensive and the waiter is not nice at all.
3	Eh, this place is okay. It's decent for a big chain, and the prices are fairly good. We both got a slightly sick stomach after eating here, and we believe it's from the food being too oily. We would return for convenience or if friends are going there, but we wouldn't go on our own.
5	Celibrated with family and had a nice dinner, the chicken fried rice is great.
2	My rating is based on my experience at the Kierland Commons location. I have been a P.F. Chang's customer since they opened, and have hosted many business lunches, family lunches, dinners an special occasions over the past years.2 stars for marginal service & average food quality. This chain started off as 4 stars and has been in a steady decline since 2006.I just gave P.F. Chang's a chance to redeem themselves last week with a party of 8. The food was a 3, the overall experience was below average. I tried to engage the server and have some fun but she was a ROBOT and did the absolute minimum.
5	This PF Changs has such a classy feel to it. I felt relaxed and really enjoyed the ambiance. The new munu is much easier to read and has a nice flow. We just missed Happy Hour, but it looks like there are some really good drinks and specials! We sat at the bar, which was really clean and we had spectacular service from Brian and Ryan. I like how they write the batender's names on a card so you know who they are. Seemed to provide a more personal touch. I had wine, hubby had beer. Nice, clean glasses. I'm glad they have Veggie options here! Had coconut tofu, which was perfection. The oolong seabass he ate even looked good to me! It was on a bed of this really good looking spinach, cooked just right. We were too full for dessert, so didn't have any of that.It really was an awesome dining experience. The noise level, lighting, and decorations were just perfect.
1	Short and Sweet....Food - Mediocre at bestService - PoorI just don't get the popularity of PF Changs. Whenever I buy lunch for my office and warehouse they choose Changs. I always try a different dish and am never satisfied. How much gourmet-tized Panda express items can be had at this joint? I keep trying to find an item I could put in the memory bank for the innevitable future order for the workers. So far I have not found that dish. This is by far and wide Americanized, Sticky, Salty and Sweet Chinese food with a limited vegetable offering.  I have had the Sea Bass which was dry and refused to flake. I have had the Mushu Pork and this dish was out of the many, the better of the rest. The Duck was dry and the skin lacked that aromatic licorice roasted skin flavor. Then there is the Panda Express Staples. Orange chicken, Lemon Chicken, Sweet and Sour, Beef Mongolllian, Beef With Brocoli, Low Mein, Kung Pao etc.  It may be for you if you like that kind of food. I find it to be very overpriced for mediocre food. If it was fantastic you could not put a price on this that I would not pay. I will say, I went to the restaurant and ordered Ma Pao Tofu and it was at least better than expected. If you like more "City" style chinese food I do suggest Nee House although their  service sucks, Prime on Camelback, Jade Palace is pretty good, Hong Kong House on Mcdowell and for a nostalgic kick in the ass with relatively good ChinaTown dishes try Dragon Palace. These places are less expensive and taste much better than Changs. Heres a pointer too, if chinese chefs are cooking your food....well, who better?
4	Came in for happy hour around 930. Hostess was looking down, wasn't initially acknowledged, but greeted us nicely after passing. Waited and had to ask to be helped. Bartender was super nice and apologetic for not seeing us. He was doing what us in the industry call sidework. Ordered drinks and food right away, mahi mahi taco's were unbelievably awesome! Ended up chatting and befriending bartender(s) had a great over all experience:)
5	I love the lettuce wraps. Service was great! Ask for Cynthia!!! She ROCKS!
4	Great experience ! Good place to have a date , food was good and they have a reasonable deal for a party of two, comes with two cups of soup , one appetizer an  two entrees plus two tiny desserts for 39.95 perfect amount  for two .The best part was the awesome friendly and accommodating bartender his name was Brian ! Kinda pricey but over all good defiantly will go back an hopefully Brian will be there !
1	The one time I went to this restaurant, I was shocked at how high our bill was in the end, and the food was frankly not even that good.  My digestive track can be sensitive at times, and usually the only time food doesn't sit well with me is when I do something stupid like order fast food from McDonald's or Arby's.  I discovered that, for all intents and purposes, PF Chang's food went down just like McDonald's does for me, only it cost me five times as much for the experience.
5	Consistently good. We took advantage of the two 4-course special for $40...soup, starter, main & mini dessert. All yummy but the orange peel beef is awesome!
5	This is where we held the SMX Social Media Epic Dinner AZ .... the staff was amazing.  The food was even better.  I loved doing it the way we did because I got to try a lot of dishes I would not normally order.  Lots of food and dessert and everyone left happy.  Again, I can't thank the staff enough ... they were amazing and paid attention to detail.  Our waiter specifically was awesome.  I forget his name, but he was the one who could pick up an odd shaped M&M with chopsticks .. YOU ROCKED DUDE!
5	Good as always.  P.F. Changs never dissapoints.  I've had just about everthing on the menu, and I can't complain.  Mongolian beef is awesome.  VIP duck is terrific.  Salt and pepper praws are always a hit.  Double pan fried noodles are a must.  And orange chicken gotta love it.
4	Been here multiple times. Definitely would suggest their signature lettuce wrap appetizer. Service can be spotty - on good days, they're really attentive and great in general. But when they're busy, you're just lost in the masses. But you're here for the food, food quality is great. (Although in my opinion, some dishes can verge on the more saltier side) Also, my favorites are their dessert section, especially their minis (tiramisu mini is amazing!).
4	I love PF Changs. Well, let me rephrase that: I love PF Changs vegetarian options. When I ate meat, I wasn't the biggest fan of their food. But they have some delectable Ma Po Tofu and vegetable side dishes that tickle my fancy.However, while eating meat, I went there and was sorely disappointed. For vegetarians, however I highly recommend the joint! For meat-eaters, meh. There is much better pan Asian cuisine.Our waitress was funny and very attentive. We came here on a date and she recommended some amazing cocktails. The Coconut Lemon Sour was amazing. Not cloyingly sweet and hit the spot. I rarely crave cocktails, but this one is definitely craveable.Rarely does a restaurant make yummy tofu, but they do here. In fact, I never order it at restaurants because 98% of them have boring, flavorless tofu. That is probably why people hate it. At PF Changs, you won't.
4	They were so nice to us when we picked up food on the way home from the airport (and were late because we made a wrong term).  PF Chang's is comfort food for me.  I always like the orange peel shrimp, the hot and sour soup, and the szechuan asparagus.
4	Chinese sounded good, what better place to satiate our craving than PF Chang's?  I always know what to expect out of the menu when dining here--the only thing that's noticeably different are the servers.  Pretty good for overall consistency. Our server was very personable and catered to our every need.  We had the crab wontons, seared ahi tuna, and chicken lettuce wraps to start. The wontons are always sinfully delicious. The tuna was dressed with an extremely salty dressing--wayyy too salty for both our palates. I ordered the chicken lettuce wraps prepared broth-velveted style, (seared with chicken broth instead of oil).  These wraps are always a winner!The main event was orange peel chicken (it was a close call between that and sesame chicken); we chose the former because of the included veggies.  Can't decide between brown and white rice?  There's always the option of having both!We held off on dessert, but as I recall the banana dessert is amazing (bananas wrapped in egg roll wrappers, fried to crisp perfection...I think that's what they entail...).  Beware, everything is very salty; I felt parched for days.
3	I only get the lettuce wraps and Mongolian Beef dish. It's so darn good, I can't break away to try something else!
5	We went there last Sunday and had a great experience. The only mildly negative was the hosts didn't bring any kids menus to the table and we had to go up and ask for them. Other than that, I was really impressed with the server, he was informative, made great suggestions and was attentive. The food was well cooked and hot. The server did forget to ring in a side for me and instead of blaming the kitchen he went out of his way to admit his mistake so I appreciate his honesty. Needless to say, we will not hesitate to return!
4	You know, it's taken me a longer time to jump on the PF Chang's bandwagon than everyone else.  I'm such a fan of takeout chinese, which Chang's isn't in the same class, but I've finally come around in the past couple years.Chang's does wonderful job on flavors of sauces and meats.  The apps are really good as well.  We loaded up this past visit, of course everyone starts with the Lettuce Wraps, but the new Tuna Tataki Crisps and Flaming Red Wontons are great additions to the menu.I don't think I've ever really had a dish I didn't like.  The Spicy Chicken and the new Caramel Mango Chicken were tops for the day.  The Sichuan Shrimp were impressive in size and flavor.They all got washed down with Dark & Spicy's, Yuzu Ginger Mojitos, and Coconut Lemon Sours.Finally to pig out we split the Chocolate Dome and Banana Spring Rolls!  Walked out sleepy with big ole' smiles and feeling to need to check our blood sugar!Darn good thing we're all runners!(Overall, the menu is so large that at times I have a hard time finding a new dish that would satisfy my meat and veggie craving.  I know that you can add veggies to any dish and you can add meat to any veggie dish.  I usually skip the rice all together.  Would be happy to see a veggie lo mein or something instead of the rice)Have fun picking thru the menu!!!!
3	I was here today for lunch with some friends.  I had the Vietnamese Crab salad.  It tasted OK but there sure wasn't much crab in it.  I'm in no rush to come back.
2	Love the food and the happy hour where you can experiment and try several dishes, sort of a Spanish tapa restaurant. Chicken lettuce wraps are always a winner!Great decor, cozy, reasonable prices ... BUT a consistently uncaring, careless almost arrogant service all three times I've been here. And the wait staff isn't young and inexperience so I'm at a loss why they can't be more customer-service oriented.Shucks. Love the food, so maybe take-out is the way to go or just avoid this location.
3	I enjoy PF Chang's and usually come here for lunch for their yummy vegetarian wraps. Yes, that is under their appetizer section, but I always get it for my meal and am always super satisfied after all my lettuce cups are gone. They do offer lunch specials, that will run you eight to ten bucks, that come with rice and a cup of soup, but I have never tried them because I am boring and always get the tofu wraps (seriously yummy). The service has never been great, but those veggie lettuce wraps still keep me coming back. I also have to mention that PF Changs is the first place I witnessed the "mini" desserts, which now I see almost everywhere. I am a huge fan of their s'mores mini! So much flavor in such a little glass, with a fun little spoon, to eat your little calorie filled (well in comparison to the full size) dessert. Nice job PF Chang's, now to train for your Rock n Roll half marathon I am running to help burn off the calories I consume at your restaurant year round...
4	Good gf menu!!
4	I love the lettuce wraps at P.F. Chang's!!! The service at this P.F. Chang's is just okay!! I wish they would be a little bit more attentive and not so unfriendly, we wont bite!! The service can definitely improve, however the food is great!!  So props for that!!
2	You hear quite often how people just LOVE this place.  I thought it was a regular Chinese restaurant on steroids.  We had a gift certificate so we took our friend there for his birthday.  The service was OK until we were done with our meals.  The empty, dirty plates sat on our table for a good 10 minutes while our server cleaned the tables around us.  I would be a little more understanding if it weren't close to closing time and those other dirty tables needed to be cleaned in order to be sat again, but it was about 30 minutes from close and 3/4 of the restaurant was empty. The food was ok.  Nee House is so much better though, without the hype.  Unless we have a gift certificate we wouldn't seek this place out.
3	The food was delicious and reasonably priced. But the priced went up lately and portion sizes have gone down. Food is inconsistent and I've found hairs and other things in my food before.
1	Bogus forced wait for 30 min.  15 empty tables but scam delay and "recommendation" to wait in bar. Nice effort to drive the revenue up.Not cool guys.  Suddenly table became available 5 minutes after NOT going to the bar. Food and service good overall. Just not happy with hostess.
2	This is the closest location to our house, so when we're in the mood for PF Changs, this is our spot.  We have our fav dishes here:Tofu Lettuce Wrapshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/p-f-changs-china-bistro-scottsdale?select=lTmGIEKaeJusWJtgYcXPfg#lTmGIEKaeJusWJtgYcXPfghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/p-f-changs-china-bistro-scottsdale?select=QmpwvGbfbA0WnCorx5mJng#QmpwvGbfbA0WnCorx5mJngDali ChickenTofu Pad Thaihttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/p-f-changs-china-bistro-scottsdale?select=aYtcX1h_FTZ7Fl4ugE8abw#aYtcX1h_FTZ7Fl4ugE8abwWe like the unique flavor of PF Changs, but it's not on our regular rotation of restaurants anymore.  We only come by when we get the urge to have one of their signature dishes like the Dali Chicken or Tofu Lettuce Wraps.  The food tastes the same, but I think they've cut down on their portion size over the past few years while keeping prices the same.....sneaky.  For instance, with the Lettuce Wraps, we only got 3 small Lettuce leaves with the order.  In the past, we'd get 1/2 a head of Lettuce with large leaves.  Also, I remember when we would be able to share entrees and eat family style.  Now, it's not really possible.The service here is hit & miss.  The last visit, we had to waive down our server for everything.....refill water glasses, order more Wine, WTH?!  However, the 2 visits before that our server was attentive.Return Factor - 50%
5	Solid 5 stars.  I love P.F. Chang's.  I had a hiatus from Chang's, I switched Indianapolis (Circle Center's) 1 star to 3 and a note "to be reviewed again" because they served me raw chicken dumplings, challenged me like I'm lying, then checked and told the manager who was aghast and she was heartfelt and removed the appetizer charge (but I left, I did get sick from the thought of the raw chicken.)  The midwest stores are slacking.  Also King of Prussia / Plymouth Meeting, undercooked spicy chicken.  But wow am I glad I overcame my hesitation with this impressive location outside and in.  THEN I found out this was Fleming's flagship P.F. Chang's.  This location knocked the Mongolian beef outta the park.  The chicken fried rice also.  (Why did the Chicago 'burb Chang's tell me "scallions in chicken fried rice are compulsory", to paraphrase?)  They made it w/no scallions.  My wife loved her noodles.  Great service.  Then they tried to make up for the eastern P.F. Chang's airballs w/free dessert which we politely declined since were were full.  I checked the seats, they were free of detritus.  The bathroom was tidy.  It's clear why this is the P.F. Chang's flagship.  AWESOME work, Scottsdale, AZ P.F. Chang's.  It was the best lunch on our trip.
3	PF Chang's is a nice place to bring a client for a Lunch meeting.Or, maybe I should say it's a safe place.  I came here recently and the food was as I had remembered it -- Asian inspired and quite good. They have some solid dishes like Orange Chicken, Mongolian Beef, Chang's Spicy Chicken (their version of General Tso's).  I love their Hot & Sour soup, and our family still remembers the first time they tried their Lettuce Wraps and Dan Dan noodles.But over the years, it seems PF Changs has become a caricature of itself  Sometimes the service is good, as it was today.  Other times, it just seems as if the waitstaff is new and has never worked in a restaurant before. See Gabi's review from three years ago. Also, sometimes the food can be off, ie: dried or not hot rice, etc.  I'll end it here, since it looks like I've used up my allotment of the word 'sometimes'.So, Three Stars "A-OK".  But, they're on my Watch List for a possible downgrade.
2	Desperate times call for desperate measures. While normally avoiding this type of place, I'm feeling under the weather and a friend offered to go pick up something for me. It's close and I could order online. But the pad Thai? Death my salt. So salty, I needed to add sweetness, so I drizzled some honey on it so it would be edible. As for the vegetable coconut curry, it was awful. Way too salty, and overall a boring dish. The tiny side of rice tasted like it had been sitting in the rice cooker all day. totally dry. I should have known better. My bad. Waste of $20.
1	Called in tonight for take out. We were told our small order would take 50 minutes...huh? That's awhile! Then learned it would take 80 minutes. 80 minutes for take out! Sorry. There is better food elsewhere.
3	Long waits at this location. Especially early in the evenings. Staff is very friendly and a manager comp some drinks for us. Food is good.
3	Solid performance overall: fresh food, well prepared but somewhat uneven performance. Food definitely tasted fresh from the wok and dish compositions are enticing/interesting, but sauces could be a bit strong/over-powering. My husband always appreciates the standard PF Changs make your own sauce in your table thing. Ambiance at PF Changs is always great and this was on the quiet side for lunch with staff being friendly and attentive. The location next to the river in downtown Scottsdale is quite nice.
1	Avoid the PF Chang's at Kierland.  Loud, randomly chosen music.  Chicken lettuce wraps - chicken burned, should use newer lettuce.  Need to pay more attention to food preparation and quality.
5	I love this restaurant! The lettuce wraps are out of this world.  I have tried other versions, and P. F. Changs wins hands down.  Yum!
1	Quality of food has decreased rapidly: constant change of management. Not responsive to constructive suggestions as simple as food not cooked, food has no taste etc.
1	The worst service period. Waited over an hour and still no food. Morons are running this place with a horrible wait staff. Will never go there again.
5	Great Place! I've always liked coming here and their food is good to go as well as their service. Fantastic.
1	You go to this place if you enjoy extremely long wait time even when there is hardly any customers and/or you enjoy poor staff attitude. Avoid otherwise.
4	The visit started slow as we sat for 20 minutes before our drink order was taken. We decided to wait it out and the food and service after the slow start was excellent. The manager was extremely apologetic. Great visit.
1	Terrible service. What a waste to spend $ and time to come here for lunch. I called my order in an hour prior to pick up. Had to wait 15 min for it and then it was made wrong. Thankfully I work next door so I was able to bring it back over to be fixed. However upon my return no one apologized for the error or inconvenience of having to come back. Cleary their team needs a lesson in what customer service is. I would give them zero stars if that was an option.
4	This place is a hit or miss when it comes to getting your food made correctly.  I would say the last 3 times I have eaten here, they have messed up my order, wow!  My husband does take out here often and they had the incorrect pick time even though he repeated it 3 times over the phone.  I think PF Chang's really needs to take a look at the company they use for call in orders.  I believe it's a 3rd party company that takes the phone orders.   I gave this location 4 stars because the service has always been stellar, besides the cooks making my food extra spicy instead of NOT spicy.  Its situated at Kierland, so you can take a nice stroll after you fill up on too much Pad Thai.  Overall, I do enjoy coming here once and a while.  A major plus for me is they offer a dairy-free menu!!!  This makes it easy for me to pick and choose what I can eat.  Just ask your server and they will print if off for you.  I think the happy hour is great as well.
5	Again, not crazy over chain restaurants - I mean, you REALLY have to have some major wow-factor for me to frequent your chain.But, PF's is so boss. Really.I have never had a bad meal here - ever. Of course, their Lettuce Wraps are spectacular along w/their soups (Egg Drop or the Hot/Sour). Just tried their Pepper Steak last night - it won me over big time.Their service is always top-ot-fhe-line as well.Have a special event/celebration? Make sure you let the host/hostess know and they put a secret red paper in w/the servers notes so that your surprise dessert is kept on the down-low. Genius!
3	We had a party of 7 on Wednesday night to celebrate 2 birthdays.  Our server, Michael, was very good.  The 7 meals, though, were just OK.  Nobody said their meal was great.  I had the Mongolian Beef and the portion was small and the meat was like beef jerky.  I haven't been to Changs in a while, but I don't think I'll be going back.
4	P.F. Chang's is a people pleaser.  I don't think I've met anyone who doesn't like it.  Food is awesome, for American Chinese.  Ambiance is cool with an Asian Dynasty feel to it.As for this specific location, we had a great time.  6 of us arrived at peak dinner time with no reservations (we were under the impression they didn't take reservations... note to self) but we were still seated in about 10 minutes.  Everyone took it seriously to find us a table, even amongst all the patrons who had made reservations.  Our server was great, very polite and attentive.  The food of course was great.  My favorites are the chicken lettuce wraps and cashew almond chicken, but the lo-mein, lemon chicken and broccoli beef never disappoint.  The rest of the table loved the ribs as an appetizer and the sea bass as part of the family style entrees.  Speaking of family style, I always recommend ordering a few dishes for the table to share.  I love having the variety of food and getting to taste a little of everything.  They have a great date night deal that includes an appetizer, two entrees and dessert.  Their lunch specials are also a good deal with an included soup (egg drop is pretty yummy).  P.F. is great for just about any kind of get together!
4	Awesome service! Every time I go here, I'm always greeted with a smile as well as awesome service from the servers. They are always patient with me in ordering since, I'm still technically new to pf changs (I'm used to the pf chang frozen meals in grocery store)
2	I don't get why so many raves for this chain.  It's decent but each dish is way over the top with garlic.  If you ask though they can cut it back for you on some dishes and the lettuce wraps.
1	Want to experience one of the most poorly run chains in Scottsdale...look no further than this P.F. Chang's!!!Placed a take out order over an hour in advance and still had to wait 50 minutes for the order once I got there.  Sat and watched customer after customer walk out in disgust having waited a long time only to receive nothing.  As I sat waiting, they lied and lied to customers - "only a few more minutes", "order is just coming out now", "order will be out shortly", and the promise of a discount or gift cards for waiting.  None of this was true.  As I was leaving, my order magically appeared.  I get it home only to notice that my rice is missing and the ribs are cold and have clearly been sitting out for quite some time.  I ordered ribs and tofu, btw, nothing more.This isn't my first issue with P.F., this exact scenario has happened to me twice before at the Kierland location.  I like their tofu and green beans so I keep trying but I've been visiting less and less because of the constant frustration.  There are other Kierland restaurants that I frequent that don't seem to suffer the same problems that P.F. has, I suggest you try them instead.
1	Haven't eaten yet, but ordered a mojito from the bar and it was really bad. Too much simple syrup and only 2 small bar-slices of lime. I had to pour in a whole tall glass of soda water to make it drinkable. When the hostess brought us to the table it was obvious that it hadn't been wiped down. We just ordered. May have an update later.OK, just finished the meal. Mongolian Beef was good, my chicken dish was also too sweet and the vegetables were so over-cooked that they were mush. Rice was hard on top like it had been put in the single serving bowl over an hour prior to being brought to our table. Garlic-chile noodles were just OK. Not a single piece of fresh garlic or red chile flakes even though we asked for extra spicy. And even that dish was slightly sweet!   What is with all the sugary sweet sauces in this place?  Check for 2 with 2 cocktails and tip was around $75.  I could have had 2-3 great meals at my regular place for Chinese (see my other reviews) - oh well, lesson learned.
4	Inside of the Kierland Commons shopping area across from the Scottsdale Quarter, this location has a lot to offer other than just good eats. We went in at an off time (3 p.m.) since we had done an early breakfast and skipped lunch while running around. We were able to sit outside on their newly added porch - which was really nice. Our server was very sweet and attentive.  We ordered the pot stickers (steamed pork), shared the crispy orange chicken entree, and had the great wall chocolate cake slice for dessert!  Everything was delicious as usual and came out pretty quickly.Overall: AGreat new porch addition with a good vibe and decor is well done - there are heater units for a cooler day, if you still want to eat outside.  Standard good service and food!
5	We stopped in and we were happy to hear the patio was dog-friendly. This means on the patio with us, not tied up outside as some restaurants seem to think. Anyway, I think our Boxer's pink sweater helped. Happy Hour was great. And our dog loved the dry rub ribs with the spicy sauce. Billy was our server and he was great! Only disappointment was the chocolate raspberry wontons which lacked the mousse. But it was quickly replaced and we weren't charged for them. We will definately be back!
4	I absolutely love the patio setting.  Great food, excellent service... management is great!  I cannot say enough about this restaurant.  AWESOME!!!
5	I went to P.F. Changes with a friend for my birthday at the recommendation of a coworker of mine.  He suggested I make a reservation as he stated they tend to be busy for dinner.  I took his advise and booked it but didn't do it until 2 days before hand, but I was still able to get a time within 15 minutes of the time I originally wanted so not bad.It wasn't hard to find the place, my friend and I walked around window shopping before hand and window shopped afterwards which is nice to be able to take a little stroll after a meal.When we got there the waiter asked if he had ever been there before, which I hadn't but my friends had.  When the waiter discovered it was my birthday he offered me a free desert which was really nice and unexpected.  I received a $10 gift card and another reward stating if I did the survey within 7 days I'd get a free appetizer upon next visit also.  The survey and gift card were for my birthday and because it was my first time going there.They did a lot to make sure I'd be happy my firs time around.  I thought it was very nice of them.And when the waiter suggested their special apple martini which I thought tasted gross, he had the bartender whip up a new one that I liked, and let me keep the other one free of charge.  I thought that was nice also that since he was the one that suggested the drink, he was willing to correct the mistake and let me keep the drink free of charge.Overall it was nice, the food was delicious, the place looked clean, the staff was friendly.  Even the manager came over to say hi and thank us for choosing them.  I'd go here again for sure.
1	I'm only here...still waiting for a table because I have to use a gift card I received. I've watched 6 tables stay empty for 25 minutes. I understand they take reservations,  but their operations flow is slow and the front of the house staff doesn't seem terribly concerned with the starving patrons that have congregated outside.  This review probably won't matter because people love Pf changs no matter what.  I won't return though.
1	Last night, Saturday night we went to Kierland P F Chang for dinner and had the worst dinning experience ever!!!! After waiting for more than an hour we were seated starving!!! ordered Calamari for the appetizer which came with a side of salt and pepper and a strange tasting salty sauce. For our main coarse I ordered a simple well known dish of beef and broccoli, my husband ordered a vegetable dish with peanut sauce. After a long wait my food came but it was so salty that was not eatable and I had to tell our waiter and he agreed to change it for a less salt version of it. My husband's meal was OK. after another long wait my dish came, this time less salty but the meat tasted like liver and it made my stomach  turn. It was nasty!!! Now, I believe that is why they put so much salt to cover up the nasty rotten meat taste!!! My Saturday night dinner was ruined. our waiter was very nice and sympathetic. I will not go back to this place again.
4	Two dinners here.  Food is decent with enough variety to offer something for anyone.  MaPo Tofu was nothing like the typical dish, but very, very good!  Just not authentic.  The deep fried green beans were great.  Lettuce wraps one of our favorite. Liked the beef with broccoli, although light in the broccoli.  In general sauces are over done, too heavy and lacking any finesse.   Bar earns one less star.  Whiskey sour was overly sweet.  Lemon drop lacked much lemon.  And couldn't manage a Negroni.  Good wait staff.  But hey!  We chose to eat here twice in a week.
5	So I have been to this particular chain all over; California, Las Vegas etc. But the biggest thing that made the experience was the server. She was cute and very get nice and knowledgable. She was great. Her name was Ashley. She's the type of employee they better hold on too.
4	First of all, I think maybe the management of this location reads the reviews because our experience here today was pretty much perfect.  If there were problems in the past, there sure weren't any today.We ordered the Edamame (orange scented) and it was finger lickin' good.  Instead of an entree, I had the California Rolls and the House Made Eggrolls.  Both were very good and the horseradish type dip for the eggrolls was delicious.  I loved the bite it had to it.  My friend had the Changs Chicken Lettuce Wraps and she totally enjoyed them and had more than enough to take home for dinner later.Service was very good and the fellow that brought out the edamame had a great attitude and filled my iced tea right away and brought a larger cup for my friend's hot tea.  Like I said above, it was a very good experience.  I'm totally looking forward to returning asap.
2	We went here instead of waiting out a table at True Foods.  I typically do not eat Chinese food - I'm more of a fan of Japanese or Thai.  I went here with family - who seemed happy with their lunches.  I ordered the Eggplant dish (one of the few vegetarian options).  It was ok - the sauce was very thick and salty - not really to my taste.  It was OK, but definitely not something I would want to try again.  I'd recommend sticking out the wait at True Foods or another restaurant in the area.
1	Waited much longer than the hostess told us the wait would be, not a big deal. Sat down and was greeted with a very "chain" sort of greeting. Ordered tuna appetizer and drinks followed by a dinner order a bit later. Appetizers didn't come before main coarse did. I had the spicy chicken and it tasted good but like something I could make with a Safeway card and an oven - nothing special. The waiter, who knows what their name is because the bill is illegible, apologized for the appetizer being late and said he would comp it, great, thanks. The kids were tired and we needed to go so we asked for a check. Next thing I know. that  "free" appetizer was gone, even though we hadn't finished more than half of it. Why in the heck would a server take away uneaten food without talking with the customer about their intentions with the food. Mediocre food + horrible service = bad review. There are plenty of places to choose from in Scottsdale, save your money and go somewhere else.
1	Unbelievably BAD service!!! Our waiter was terrible!  He forgot everything, took forever, no drink refills, no accurate order placement-he basically forgot about us (and his is Saturday at 4pm, not rush hour) no efficiency, the worst I have seen in a long time!  Food quality here is ok but I ordered the ahi tuna salad, lettuce looked old and gross.  Really everything on the menu is loaded with sugar and salt.  But the service was ridiculous, never going back!!!!!
1	If you like dogs where you eat, this is the place!  The management will allow all pets to sit at the bar or tables.  Yummy, love to watch a dog eat or **** while I enjoy a Mai Tai!  The manager hid in the kitchen while we waited for him to respond to the pet policy.  Another couple left, and so did we.  We respect service dogs and have no problem dining with them as they are trained for these locations.  Watching someone hand feed a chihuahua or a boxer while I pay $$ for dinner is not ok.  So bring your pets here and enjoy a nice dinner and cocktail...with out me.
2	The waitress wearing glasses with short dark hair obviously hates her job and should really be taught by management how to treat customers! Not only did she have a attitude from the moment she saw us sitting I'm her section. My husband ordered a beer the chilled glass had lime chunks stuck to it and when he pointed out that she rolled her eyes and said I'll get you a new one.. She proceeded to chat with another table, take an order, take food out to another table, when she came back still no chilled glass!Then food came out wrong and she tried to argue with me that I didn't order it like that! Ummm yes I did! Needless to say, my husband still tipped her 20% because we both have worked in hospitality, but this PF Chang's really needs to train their employees or at least have management actually walk around and ask is everything ok like most PF Chang's.
4	I love it in here.once in every month or in special occasions I come here.i wish they bring some special new flavors and food items, then I definitely gonna give it a 5 star.
1	Went to PF Changs last night with my wife. Her meal came out in a timely fashion. Mine never appeared. 20 minutes later my wife's meal is cold and mine just being served. Waiter kept making excuses. Needless to say we got up and left. My wife said to give Changs a long rest before we go back.
4	This is a first time to this venue. I've been to the one in Tempe and Chandler. The interior was nicely decorated which made it look somewhat upscale. We were surprised that when we sat down, the gal asked if we wanted chopsticks and had a nice wooden box containing chopstcks which we chose from.The server came by and before taking our order wanted to know how we liked our sauce spicy or mild. My wife said spicy and the server mixed it right in front of us. We didn't use the sauce at all.My wife ordered the Dragon Eye Oolong tea and although she liked it, I didn't. I'm not a fan of flavored HOT tea.We started with the Ahi Tartare which was like POKE on a chip. It was definitely different and tasted pretty good.My wife ordered the Kung Po Chicken and I had the LoMein combo. Her chicken dish was loaded with chicken, but were was the vegetables?? I had a pretty good portion of noodles and meat, but where was the vegetables?? The only veggies we saw was sprouts, thinly sliced celery & carrot and scallions.The portions were good and the flavors were there.Unfortunately, I had to ask for water even though I place my empty glass at the edge of the table. Maybe, they were short of staff that night.
3	Upscale Chinese Food and restaurant with modern decor and Foo Foo furniture and people. This does not necessarily equate to good authentic chinese food. Decide if you want to go here to eat the food  or to be seen at the happening place to be.This is with out a doubt white man's chinese food with a splash of place to be seen.Most of my favorite Chinese restaurants are of sketchy decor but with great food. In fact most of the authentic chinese restaurants have had poor health infractions or almost shut down for health violations. We ate family style and shared the Shrimp with Lobster Sauce,  Singapore Street Noodles,  Pepper Steak and Cantonese Lemon Chicken. The Shrimp with Lobster Sauce is actually better at their sister restaurant Pei Wei and less expensive. The Singapore Street Noodles did not have the curry taste that I was expecting and the noodles could have been more crisp but were soggy. The Pepper Beef actually had some kick to it and maybe a little too much.Our server Teisha was excellent and was very accomodating. The main reason we went here is because we had a gift card. Once you have had authentic chinese food made by your parents or grandparents and then have white man's chinese food you will always shake your head at the difference.
5	My favorite dish, chicken in black bean sauce, is no longer on the menu, but they happily made it for me. The remodeled building looks great , and the new lighting looks good too. I have been to this Chang's many times, and have never had a bad meal or anything wrong with my visit. They set the standard for consistency that I measure other places by.
3	It is adequate sometimes bordering on authentic food. A bit over-salted in all dishes, and the cooking is sketchy.Have been here four different times. Dumplings are worth it - and won't disappoint.Noodles can be cooked perfectly - or not- but if you ask management they will correct it for you.  Service depends upon the waiter- some are great and attentive and some appear a bit over-matched by the service. It is a worthwhile place to stop by for a lunch, not a special place for an occasion.
4	I have not been a big fan of PF Chang's in the past, but this was probably the best experience I've had at one of their restaurants. A friend treated me to lunch and I had the Citrus Spice hot tea, some Crispy Green Beans, a Vegetable Spring Roll, and the Crispy Honey Chicken with white rice. The tea was very good. I like the little kettle and teacup they bring out to you. The crispy green beans were decent. The breading is very plain... it isn't seasoned like TGI Friday's, but I guess that's why they give you the spicy dipping sauce (which I didn't try). The spring roll was good, but I had to pick out the chopped up mushrooms. Made a small mess trying to pour the little cup of sweet chili sauce... a spoon would have been smart. The honey chicken was tasty and the rice was also good. I usually expect Chinese rice to be dry and flaky, but it was actually good. My only real complaint is that when our server divvied up the food into take out containers, we didn't get any rice. If I had been paying closer attention, I would have asked for some. Oh well. Good PF Chang's meal overall.
