1	my experience was prior to even seeing a doctor.  i never made it past the waiting room.  arrived 30 minutes early with all paperwork completed.  after waiting 30 minutes past my appointment time i approached the front desk and was asked "...has no one seen you yet..?"  everyone that was there prior to my arrival and all those arriving after had been seen.  after receiving a refund of ?? (it wasn't a co-pay), i left.  my time is just as important as there's, only no one cared about mine.  new clients - check your insurance, double check monies they ask for and keep checking in - cause they are not going to check on you.  if the service from the doctors is like that at the front dest..... run... take you eyes somewhere else where they are valued.
1	As soon as I walked in I knew that I had made a mistake.  There were so many people in the waiting area that I had to fill out my new patient paperwork in the lobby of the building.  There were children running around and not a very professional or calming environment. This is the first time that I have used my vision insurance to see a optometrist in a couple of years.  I thought that this year I would find someone on my plan and try to keep it simple and get my exam and glasses done all at the same time.  Another decision that I was soon to regret.  My appointment was at 4pm and there were so many people in the waiting room that I thought I would be waiting for a very long time.  I got called back to see the Dr. at about 4:23pm.  I thought that was pretty fast considering how many people had been waiting.  I soon found out why.  My time with the Dr. was less than 5 mins!  I have worn glasses for over 20 years and have never had such a brief exam.  I was in and out so fast.  I felt I was going through a revolving door.  I guess that is how they go through so many people so quickly.  I was told to sit down and wait for my prescription.  Once my prescription was completed by the Dr. I was instructed to go to the glasses area and that they would have my prescription ready.  So, I went over to the glasses area and thought ok, it's almost over I can pick out my new glasses and be on my way.  Nope, another mistake.  When I got to the glasses area I was told that they do not accept my insurance!  I specifically selected this location to be able to do everything at the same time.  The glasses representative didn't even check any list of what insurance they did take, just told me no.   I told the representative that I checked with my insurance and that Arizona Eye Specialists in on my plan.  She advised me that they are separate and not a part of Arizona Eye Specialist.  If they are not a part of them why was my prescription sent automatically to them?Needless to say that I took my prescription and left incredibly disappointed and frustrated.  It actually got even worse at this point.  Once I looked at the prescription it looks totally wrong!  Unless my prescription has changed dramatically in the last year!  During my exam I was told that my vision was 20/20 with my current glasses, I am not sure then how the prescription that they gave me could be so different.  So... after all that I have a bad prescription and no glasses!  I am going to make an appointment to my old Dr. and end up paying out of pocket to get a correct prescription and buy my glasses elsewhere.  This was a complete and annoying waste of my time.  I would definitely not recommend.  This was a horrible experience.  I usually don't review on yelp, but this only had one review and even though it was negative I wish there were more because if there were more, it could have saved me this negative experience.
1	I had an appointment at 1.30pm and arrived at 1.25pm.  I was brought into a room at 2pm and had a cursory history and physical by the tech and then was told I would have to wait.  I then sat in the waiting room and watched one person after the other arrive, be seen by the doctor, and leave.  After finally being called by to see the doctor at 3pm, I asked why I had to wait for so long.  The tech told me it was because by appt. was at 3pm.  Um, excuse me but no it was not!  It was at 1.30pm!  The tech insisted that it was at 3pm and ushered me into the room.  I was pretty pissed but just took some deep breaths and saw the doctor.  When I left, I stopped at the receptionists and told them, that if my appt. was at 3pm they should have told me that when I showed up at 1.30!  The receptionists responded by telling me that my appointment was indeed at 1.30pm, and not 3pm as the tech had told me.  My time is actually quite important to me too.  I think it was pretty disrespectful for them to have me sitting in the waiting room for an hour and a half watching people come, be seen by the doctor, and then leave, when I WAS ON TIME FOR MY SCHEDULED APPT.I was frankly just glad to be out of there.
