5	I have never known exactly what makes a good pet sitter GREAT, but I can tell you that I have had only a couple GREAT pet sitters in my time - and JEN is one of them.  She's outstanding!My husband and I were leaving town for nearly 2 weeks, and we have a few cats, some fish, plants, mail, a security system, an old house with odd configured keys/doors, etc. and I doubted anyone in their right mind would want to take on the responsiblity of keeping our cats from pee'ing all over our house and keeping our home safe. But Jen said she was up for it...she seemed to think we were NORMAL?! I wasn't concerned much about the fish or the plants, but Jen was, and before we agreed on a price or anything, Jen asked if she could take a tour of our home, meet our cats, meet us and discuss the quirks that we have come to love about our home.  She was thorough, taking notes the entire time, and certain with her questions and thoughtful about her recommendations for our pets and the safety of our home.  She was definately a professional!  This wasn't like hiring a friend or relative - this was her business! Whew...off we go!Just hours into our trip, we got our first note from Jen.  The cats were doing well and even our shy kitty had been seduced out to play by a treat and a toy.  WOW!  Only a few rare folks even know we have that cat, she hides behind the couch for 98% of our visitors. The next day Jen left a text message for us with photos of all three of our cats, and she indicated what each cat was doing that day and appeared to be aware of them not just on a "the cat was sitting on the couch" level, but on the "when I don't pet the cat right when he wants me to, he grabs my hand and bites it" level. This was amazing...she was actually getting to know our cats and caring for them JUST like we do!Needless to say, our vacation was relaxing and worry free.  Our cats were happy when we arrived back home. Our house was organized and mail piled up and sorted by "type" with our bills and personal letters on the top for immediate attention.  Our security company never called us and our plants were more hydrated than they had ever been!I highly recommend Jen's Pet Sitting. She's wonderful, professional, thorough and terrific with PETS!
5	Jen has been our pet sitter for a year now and we couldn't be more thrilled to have found her. She is very professional and always takes notes on the care instructions. We have 7 indoor cats and 2 outdoor ferals so it's great that Jen doesn't charge by the animal! She is reliable and great with our cats. They are all from the streets and even though they have been socialized they're not really friendly with people they don't know. But they all seemed interested in Jen and let her pet them the first time she came over - they must have sensed she was an animal person. We used to swap pet sitting services with friends prior to finding Jen but it's great to know we have a professional that spends time with the cats and really cares for animals.
5	In short - Jen rocks!Finding someone I trust to watch my crazy crew is always a bit nerve-wracking.  I came across Jen's Pet Sitting while searching for options, since I'm relatively new to the area.  I decided to book a consultation with Jen to have her meet the furry family and learn more about her and her services.  Jen is extremely professional and came ready to take notes and also spent a lot of time getting to know my critters.  It was clear from her interactions with my cats and dogs that she loves animals and really understands them.  After having a great experience with Jen during the consult I booked her to do visits over a long weekend.  The hubs and I took our dogs along for the trip and Jen looked after our cats while we were away. She gave us regular daily updates about our cats while we were gone.  Sometimes she sent pictures with her updates which was an added bonus!  Jen spent time playing with our cats during each visit which was fabulous.I always know I've found a wonderful petsitter when I come home and my animals are a little disappointed to see me!  We will definitely continue to use Jen in the future.
5	I used to be a pet sitter myself, so my standards are unusually high. Jen Henry is an absolute gem!  She provides the best petsitting service I've ever had in nearly 9 years of having my own cat. She leaves great daily journal entries, keeps the litter box cleaner than I do and does every nit picky thing on my lengthy, neurotic list and more. She has even taken pictures and emailed them to me while I was far away on lengthy trips. She always goes above and beyond, a true sign of someone who takes pride in a job well done. I am able to kick back and truly enjoy my trips now that we have Jen on the scene. Literally, I am so relaxed and confident in what she does for us  that I sometimes forget for a few days at a time that we even have a cat. I'm a worrier by nature, so that's saying a lot!Our little treasure Olive is famous for being terrible, spoiled and downright mean. The only person she really loves is my husband, she's honestly not even that fond of me. Her usual activities include terrorizing visitors with hissing, biting and a territorial attitude generally likened to that of prison warden. It takes a very special person like Jen to find these kind of antics amusing.  And beyond the obvious patience for all things evil, our little terror actually welcomes Jen into the house, remaining a version of what I'd call friendly for the duration of our trips. Amazing! I've tried other sitters in town, trust me, you don't need to look any further - Jen is the one!
5	We recently moved to midtown Phoenix and needed to find a new cat sitter.  It's always hard to give someone you just met a key to your home and leave town, but after reading the previous reviews on Yelp I decided to give Jen a call and I'm glad I did.  She came over as promised to meet with us and took notes about our needs and a few days later off we went for a weekend get-a-away.  We had a little problem as I gave her the wrong key (totally my fault) but it all worked out in the end.  Oh, and our kitty even got a report card and a new kitty toy (left by Jen).  Jen's our new go-to when we have to leave town.  Thanks for everything Jen!
