4	It is nice to finally find a decent, clean, good smelling, well run bar in that area. It is in a not so great looking strip mall, but its very nice inside. They have two pool tables with plans to add a third very soon, dart boards (hoping to soon put up steal tip), a larg rectangle bar with just about any alcohol you could want. They have the most random bottles up there. I have to assume they bought a lot of the liquored from the previous owner. The bartender is super cool, very nice, and attentive. I don't think they have a kitchen, but they have some snacks to tide you over, chips, candy, popcorn...My one and only complaint is that they don't have a patio. All in all great little place, with a no bull shit attitude. I really appreciate being able to feel safe in a place and know that the staff isn't going to let the customers run the bar, as most of the other bars int he area do. Cheers!
5	Awesome bar! Probably my new favorite spot this side of town! What the new owners have done to this place is amazing. I live on the west side of the valley now but after a friend introduced me to this place about 6 weeks ago I try to make it up there at least once a week! Great drinks, great drinks, and good looking women behind the bar! This is by far the best, cleanest and most fun bar on this strip of McDowell. 2 great pool tables, a dart board and a really fun crowd! You won't know fun till you check out this place!
5	Great atmosphere.Clean cool place to hang where the drinks flow for a vervy reasonable price.  Well drinks are$2.75... thought I was in the 90's for minute there.  Also they have several big tv screens for those who like sports.Service is excellent... Heck no, I'm not hitting on her... Not certain if they have food... didn't ask...
5	Best dive bar that's not a dive! Well-stocked bar!! Great drink prices. Friendly staff.Awesome pool tables. Only reason I'm mentioning this place here is cuz I wanna make sure they stay in business.
5	Good times. Janice does a fantastic job serving everyone on a Sunday football day. Please make sure to try her Martinis it will get you started right.
4	Stopped in for a couple of drinks and while it was pretty quiet ( Friday night at 8pm), glad we checked this place out. Very clean, great prices on strong drinks, and well treated by the staff.  The floor area was cleared and a DJ was waiting to get things started.  Left before things got going, but willing to check out this place again if in the area.
5	Best dive bar ever. Marcelo, the owner, is the coolest bar owner you'll ever meet. His staff is friendly and awesome with their mixology knowledge (talking about you, Elizabeth!) Great music, super clean environment with this amazing atmosphere. Hard to find, impossible to unfind! Stereo and video equipment is top notch. I dragged my friends here for my birthday and everyone had a blast! Definitely worth the drive if you're looking for a diamond in the rough!
