4	I had a nice experience in this hotel. I had to stay for a work conference, for three days and two nights. They were friendly and courteous, and it was easy to check in and out. No hassles.In the nice rooms, there was a little bag with complimentary ear plugs, an eyemask, lavendar sheet spritzer and also a CD that you can listen to to help you fall asleep easier! That was new for me! The bathrooms had granite countertops and were very clean.I received two dozen red roses from my husband while I was visiting (well, it's not like I wasn't going to announce this to the world, right?!) and they brought them up to my room with big smiles. It was so sweet! I couldn't take them all with me, so I left them with the front desk, who thanked me profusely and happily arranged them in the lobby. I kept one to take home with me and it just barely survived the trip!The food and conference service was nice. They served us a full breakfast on the first morning, and a continental on the second/last morning. The lunches were buffet style, also, and were sandwiches and salads the first day and a Mexican spread the second day. All were quite tasty. Especially the Mexican food! The one downside is that there were  150 of us, and there was never enough bottled water put out. It would be gone in half an hour and not to be replenished until after the next meal. since I don't drink sodas, and coffee only in the morning, that meant that I had to keep getting up with my plastic cup and refilling with water at the water kegs they had in the back, which can get disruptive when you have seventy or so people doing that.Also, the air was kept quite cool so that I was shivering half the time. I'd look around, and even some of the men were cold. That's saying something. We're in Phoenix in the fall, and yes, it's hot out, but inside should be kept at a normal temperature around 70-72 degrees, right? It was about 65. Brrr!Their shuttle service was efficient and friendly, also. The lounge was smoky and dark, as most lounges are, but the service was also friendly there. All in all, it was a very pleasant experience! I would recommend any one to stay here if they're in the area. It's not luxury, but it's clean, up to date, and friendly!
4	Easy to find from the Phoenix Airport & easy to return to from Las Vegas. We're big fans of Crowne Plaza since they treat us well.  Helps to be in the frequent-visitor category; there's the free little perks like breakfast, larger rooms, & a goodie bag in the room with bottled water, chips & fruit.
4	The Waldorf-Astoria it is not, but hey -- I wasn't looking for that.  I wanted to visit Phoenix in the summertime, just to see what the "but it's a dry heat!" was all about.  On a previous Phoenix vacation, I was advised that you can get good Phoenix deals in the summer because no one wants to go there then due to the heat.  I got a good deal on this hotel via one of Travelocity's Last Minute Packages. I chose this hotel 1) for the good deal, 2) for its proximity to the airport, 3) and most importantly because it is the only hotel with a stop directly on Phoenix's new light rail (read: no rental car expense!).  An all day pass on the light rail is cheap, it stops at the Diamondbacks baseball stadium (I caught a game while here), and you can get to downtown and just about any shopping you'd want.  The hotel staff was very pleasant; room was standard but comfortable; and they have complimentary shuttle service to the PHX airport, as well as shopping areas within 2 miles of the hotel.  A convenient store across the intersection was a good place to get cheap water and snacks. The pool was okay but they really need to have some pool chairs which are more conducive to human skin and 100+ degree temps, and even though you know Phoenix is hot, they really need to have more palm trees around the pool area which provide shade.  I was able to snag a spot under one in the heat of the day and it was fabulous, but they need more. I travel a lot for business, and my employer tends to place me in Hiltons, Marriotts, Hyatts, the Waldorf-Astoria, etc. Crowne Plaza is a notch or two below any of those hotels (or five, in the case of Waldorf); however, when I'm footing the bill I'm happy with convenience, a good deal, pleasant staff, a pool, and convenient amenities. If you want to see Phoenix on a budget, I'd recommend the Crowne Plaza.  Be sure to check out the light rail route, though -- if you want to see anything away from south Phoenix or downtown Phoenix, you'll need to rent a car. (It's true what they say -- it really is a dry heat.  I will take Phoenix's 108 degrees over Charlotte's 81 degrees any day!)
5	So, I usually park my car here when I fly somewhere because it's only 6 bucks a day. Yesterday, though, I had to fly to Oakland and back the same day. My evening flight got delayed, and it's an hour and a half drive back home from Phoenix. I decided to check with the hotel to see how much a one night stay would be. They were wonderful. The lady at the front desk knocked about 30 dollars off the price because it was after 11. When the shuttle dropped me off, I spent maybe 5 minutes checking in and I was on my way to my room. The bed was super comfy. Checkout isn't till noon, so I got to sleep in and they told me to just call if I needed longer.I will definitely stay here again! Great staff, great rooms, and a great night's sleep! :)
1	There's only one thing worse than an air conditioning unit whose decibel level rivals the planes flying over the building: getting stuck in a 90-degree elevator with 6 other conference members after sitting through 10.5 hours of said conference.We were stuck at the third floor and no one knew what to do.  One guy's solution?  Press every button to get the thing moving.  Another guy gets on his iPad and actually Googles "How to get out of a stuck elevator".  Step number one?  Don't press any buttons.  FML.The conversation between me and the front desk (via the elevator emergency phone) went something like this:FD: Crowne Plaza, can I help you?Me: Yes.  7 of us are stuck in your elevator.*Five minutes later*Me: Do you have an ETA?FD: Um, we called the elevator company and we're waiting for a call back.*10 minutes later, temperature rising, coworker confesses he is claustrophobic*Me: What's the ETA?FD: The elevator company hasn't called us back.  We'll try to get someone to help you.Me: Great idea.*15 minutes later*Coworker: Do you have a f*cking ETA? It's f*cking HOT IN HERE!!!!FD: We're working on it.Coworker: Well, try working a little harder!50 minutes in, we hear all sorts of banging and clanging.  Claustro is screaming, "Get us OUT OF HEEEEEEERE!!!" and slowly going insane.  Someone outside helping us yells, "I guess it's getting pretty hot in there, huh?"  FML.55 minutes in, the Fire Department pries the door open.  We run out, sweaty and angry.  Then 4 of our 7 hop on an elevator to finally get to their rooms (!).Later, all 7 of us were locked out of our rooms because staff went in to drop off cards and bowls of "Sorry you suffered for an hour" mixed nuts.Wow.  Locked in an elevator, then locked out of our rooms.  Will we be back?  Not likely.
4	Another solid stay at an IHG hotel.I stayed here for 12 days back in October. great staff with the exception of one male with black hair that happened to be a manager. Not sure why he would never say hello to us.Nice rooms and very spacious hotel. Which is great when you are traveling because you get sick of coming home to your room at night. So it's nice to come down to a big lobby area to get some evening things done.Parking is free if you are a Priority Club member. Valet is available and the hotel restaurant is decent.I would stay here again.
4	We stayed there for almost 7 days. 1st of all, great service, friendly staff. Rooms are nice and clean...nothing fancy...but good enough. The beds are clean and comfortable. Good value. The best part...they allow doggies!!! we took ours with us (it was her first hotel stay)...and she did great. the staff was very friendly to her.
2	Recent upgrades evident. Restaurant and lobby area okay, rooms were clean and kept to the "Crowne Plaza" standards. Shuttle service while drivers could use some customer service lessons were okay. Truthfully, I would give them a 4 because of the room conditions which is the main thrust at hotels right?Well, I give them a 3 because the front desk service was horrible. Front desk clerk never smiled, which I can live without a smile sometimes BUT she did NOT HAVE A GOOD HANDLE ON THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE... AND the manager of the hotel, sitting in the lobby talking loudly with his friends..... ok, maybe he was off duty.... he should have removed his uniform....With all the hotel properties around the airport area: they really should do better or patrons will go elsewhere.Would I go back there again?  Highly doubt it.
1	Front desk is horrible.  Parking requires fee and is very scary to drive in there as there is very little room to maneuver.  Several smokers at the entrance of the hotel so you cannot avoid breathing in the exhaust.
1	I stayed at this hotel for 4 days and the first day the housekeeping took my silverware that I brought from my house. After I called the front desk and housekeeping many times requesting my silverware back not only did they not return my silverware but did not even respond back to me with any resolution to the problem. After that the rest of my stay felt very uncomfortable because I felt that the housekeeping had stolen from me and even with the hotel knowing about it, nothing was done.
4	Stayed here for a night while visiting Arizona. Was very impressed with the cleanliness of the hotel, and the room.  The servers in the bar area and restaurant were very cordial and prompt with their service. The food portions were generous, and the food was delicious!Take the shuttle here from the airport, then take the light rail to downtown.
2	Stayed here this past Tuesday night.The light rail is close by (right across the street) which is a big plus and the hotel is pretty clean and nice.The issue is with the noise! You can hear the light rail and on occasion, aircraft taking off from Sky Harbor Airport!It's a NOISY hotel! Be warned!
3	I stay here if I have an early morning flight out. You can park your car in the covered garage while you're gone and they run a shuttle to the airport 24/7.The bar and restaurant have pretty good food and it's a clean hotel. The Starbucks counter seems to always be closed when I'm here. Not sure what their hours are.It's a good place to stay. You won't be disappointed. Unless you're jonesin' for some Starbucks in the morning.
3	Very unexpected, but this place has the BEST Buffalo wings I have every had in my entire life. You must try them if you are here
4	Me and my friend stayed here one night in June because there was a concert we wanted to go to down the street and didn't want to drink and drive. The rooms were nice, the staff was friendly.We ordered room service and have to say the food was pretty good.  The only complaint we had was there was NO moving air in the bathroom. Two girls trying to get ready in the Arizona heat and no flowing air in the bathroom sucked. All in all the stay was great.
2	My job roomed me here on a business trip...I would not personally pick this place again. More cons than pros.Cons:-no complimentary breakfast at all, not even fruit-spa was not working, went and asked manager about it, said be would check with his maintenance guy and never came back. Couldn't find him after that...or any other staff for that matter- really understaffed. There was only one receptionist who was very sweet, but way overworked and stressed out! She was sweating trying to help the counter customers, answer phones, schedule drivers, and so on. Poor lady is probably underpaid too.-no bellboy to help people with their luggage-no valet parking or even a greeter to help people unload their car-Shuttle was running late...saw several frustrated people who were waiting a while-only saw one person at the restaurant who was both seating people and acting as a server.-food is ridiculously priced! $13 just for 2 pancakes! Add $12 for 2 eggs and bacon! Really? $25 for food that wasn't even that great!?PROS:-room was clean -walking distance to sky train to airport
4	Very friendly staff. The woman who was working the front desk remembered everyone's name. The staff was also unobtrusive. If you didn't need something they were mostly invisible. Never had an unpleasant reaction, most were happy to have a short casual chat and helpful with tips on local attractions and shopping.I had a problem with my room because a prior conference took all the singles. I was able to switch the next day without having to go through checkout or moving my stuff before noon.Comfortable beds with real pillows! Not those flimsy square things that collapse under any weight that are plaguing hotels these days. The A/C works great, if a little loud, cooled my room during the afternoon and it stayed cool all night with the A/C off.You can hear the traffic and METRO if you are on the east side, but it's not bad a few floors up. I never heard a plane.The hotel is at the METRO stop, connected to the SkyTrain from the airport, but they still offer a free shuttle to/from the airport. Nice touch.The Wifi worked great, even with dozens of people using it at once. I would recommend printing boarding passes from the business center computers, the ipad by the front desk kept turning graphics into big black blocks on the printout.The valets were very helpful. If you forgot something in your car, they went back to get it for you, no questions asked.One big surprise was how cold the pool was. Someone on staff said it was heated but certainly didn't feel like it. The hottub was great.
5	Now this airport Is much nicer. Not perfect, but much better than one in Texas Huston. People are welcoming. All is good. A lot stores and restaurants. I love to shop while I'm waiting for my flight. So it's all good.
5	It was 2am. After two days of flight delays, I was ready for some TLC. These folks sent the shuttle to the airport to get me, allowed me to use the pool to decompress, and cleaned the pool the next day promptly upon request. Great place, great staff! All for $99/nite!
2	I purchased a groupon for 5 day parking the week before hand and checked their website for all pertinent information. When we arrived, I was asked if I had a reservation. I had never really heard of that before and the Groupon did not mention that this was required or even recommended. Nothing was indicated on the website either.The attendant told me that they were almost full and that I would have to leave my car in uncovered parking even though I had paid for covered. I asked to talk to the manager and when he came out the attendant changed his story and said there was not one spot in covered. We agreed that they could leave it in uncovered if they moved it to covered to as soon as a spot opened up. They were to call the next day and let me know that they had moved it and they never did. By that time we had also missed the shuttle and another one was not arriving for a half hour. We asked if they could call another one because it was me, my sister, and her 6 month old baby and the weather was quite warm that day. They said if one didn't arrive in a half hour they would, which basically was a no. They said we could walk down to the stop light and back around to the light rail station on the other side which was not a feasible option with the baby and our luggage. So we waited in the heat and finally got there. Overall, it was a terrible experience. However, the guy who actually worked the shuttle was very helpful and nice.The only reason I am giving this place 2 stars is that when I arrived back in Phoenix from out of town the person who answered my called (I think her name was Cynthia) was so nice and sent a shuttle to pick us up and even had our car pulled around and ready to go so we could put the sleeping baby right into the car and go. So, be prepared for possibly rude service and make reservations on the weekends. Honestly for the couple bucks more, I would rather park in east economy parking.
1	Spotty wifi, thin walls, nearby a train that honks loudly when it runs through at 3am, and there was a bunch of beeping, like the sounds of trucks backing up, also in the middle of the night. The beds are comfy and the front desk woman was nice. That's about it.
3	Used their parking service only.... I dropped off and there was a little confusion as to what to do... a shuttle pulled up but he waved me away and there was no one there to tell me another shuttle was coming in soon to take us to the airport... Other customers were the ones who helped me understand what was going on.  They had flights displayed on a monitor but it was no updated.  But I did get to the airport in plenty of time so I enjoyed that.When I returned it was the same. Other customers helped me get my suitcase on board and helped me figure out where to go to pay.  But the nice guy behind the desk did see me struggling with my suitcase and my car and rushed out to help me.They aren't horrible.  So maybe I will try other off-airport parking and then go back.  They are the lowest price as long as you park in uncovered and in the winter that isn't so bad.  In the summer if I want covered there are other places that are comparably priced so I might try them.  I'd say they were so-so.... not great not bad.
5	We didn't stay at the hotel, but we did access their airport parking. They were quick to oick us up at the airport. The price was great for a week, $47.00. The service was above and beyond.  We got back and found that our car battery was dead. The manager personally drove my boyfriend to an Auto zone to buy a new battery; who does that nowadays?! Definitely will recommend them and will use them when traveling. :-)
5	This 5-star review should really be 4.5 stars. The -.5 star would be for the less-than-perfect soundproofing. We could faintly hear the light rail chiming, and our room was close enough to the elevator that we could hear that too. This might be because we had a connected king room--I recommend asking for a room away from the elevators and not a connected room if you're a light sleeper.The thing that rounds this review up to 5 stars is the customer service. I have travelled all around this country and it has been years since I could say that my interactions with a front desk were this pleasant. The staff is friendly, accommodating, and generally wonderful.The rooms are what you'd expect at the price--nice, comfortable, pleasant decor with a desk in the room. The restaurant is fine--I recommend the hot wings. Shuttle service to and from the airport was smooth.For a corporate hotel near the airport, this place definitely exceeded expectations. If we ever find ourselves in Phoenix again, we'll be staying here.
5	I got the room for only $59 a night on  priceline.com for a weekend. I think that was such a great deal. The room's roomy, bed's comfortable and the service was great in the dining room. Free good wifi that's working fast and the parking is free. That's big plus. This is an airport hotel, so expect no great views in the room. That wasn't a problem for me.
