2	I've eaten here twice and each time I haven't been all that impressed.  The food isn't terrible but it's not that great either.  My first experience was about 2 months ago and I was incredibly hungry for lunch.  My coworker mentioned this place and I was excited to try something new.  The chips and salsa are pretty good.  There were three of us in the party and we all ordered different dishes but they seemed to only screw up mine.  I ordered the pork tacos and I got steak instead.  I'm not a huge beef eater.  I never order steak when I eat Mexican.  I reserve my steak cravings for a simpler meal.  Anyway, when the dish was presented to me I looked confused and said "this is steak and I ordered the pork" .  the server looked at me like I was lying and I just had this bummed expression on my face.  She offered to re-make it but we were short on time and I said "Don't worry about it.  I'll eat this".  You would think she would have discounted it or something but no.  Maybe most people would have been thrilled but I was craving pork.  I probably should have argued the bill but honestly I didn't have the energy.  The second time I stopped in (with my coworker in order to give it one more chance) I ordered the pork enchiladas and the pork was quite pink!  I didn't get sick but I was a little nervous to eat such pink pork.  All in all that meal was better but I quickly became upset when I was paying the bill and got pinned in between the cashier stand and the front door when someone decided to enter the restaurant!  Yes, the front door opens inward (this is against fire code if the occupancy is 50 or more).so, there won't be a third time.....this place just rubbed me the wrong way both visits.  The food isn't bad but the environment and the servers didn't do it for me.
3	I didn't really see anything extra special here, but it was a decent meal. I went with a simple lunch of a couple tacos and rice.First, the salsa with the chips was pretty decent, I don't know if there's anything unique about it, but it was tasty. The rice was exactly what you'd expect.I got one carne asada and one carnitas taco, and both meats were reasonably good. There was a little gristle, but the tacos were otherwise fine.I'm sure I'll be back, but there are plenty of places in the area that I'd try first.
4	Service was fast and friendly on a Sunday lunch. Chips and salsa were good. Homemade salsa had a nice kick.  Had the combo enchilada suizas. Came out fast and hot. All good. Waitress checked back often to see if I was happy. All a great deal for a $13 lunch with beer and tax!  Would love to see the bar going. Looks like a hopping place for later.
1	We were at the Chandler location.  It was terrible all the way around.  After waiting for 1/2 hour we were told it would be a bit longer because they had a table of 15. Thing is, we counted tables and looked around but didn't see what appeared a party of 15.  15 minutes later, we and others that came in around the same time as us and after us all got our food. We got burgers.   The bun was the cheapest kind you could get at any grocery store  it fell apart after a bite or two.  We asked for mayo on the side.  When we got our food, the server told us they may be out, however she managed to pull through for us.  The food was nothing better than you would receive from a fast food restaurant, but priced much higher.   As far as the salsa and chips we munched on before the food arrived, the chips had a bad after taste, however, the salsa was not bad.  The server truly did her best, but she really had very little to work with.  The tables and floor and even chairs were filthy.  This truly was the worst experience we've had in years in any restaurant.
4	The carne asada tacos are definately worth while!!! Large size corn tortilla, good amount of meat a d great flavor! They seen to have a good selection of other authentic Mexican food! Will go again
