1	There's something wrong with having to pay $5 for ice cream that isn't flavorful. I much prefer Dave & Andy's - their waffle cones are amazing and you'll pay under $3 for some of the best ice cream you'll ever have.
3	Cold Stone is definitely a chain with all of the good and bad aspects which go along with being a chain, but they do have decent quality ice cream with decent quality mix-ins. True, the ice cream is a bit expensive, but this isn't a bad place to go. There are some tables inside where you can sit and enjoy your highly sugared treat.For something with a bit more local flair, try "Oh Yeah!"  in Shadyside.
2	My husband Rick wanted ice cream last night after dinner.  So we took a walk over here.  I've avoided this place.  See, to me there's something about places whose names end in "...ery".  "...ery"= $$$!  Honestly, what can you get here that you can't get at Baskin Robbins or, even better, Bruster's for a whole lot less $$$?  Or as Ryan P suggests, try "Oh Yeah!" in Shadyside (but I haven't been there in awhile).The other thing I hate about places like Cold Stone Creamery is that the portions have gotten insanely huge.  I have type-1 diabetes, and while I can eat ice cream (and modify my insulin and carb intake), the sizes here are just carb bombs!  I only go to places like this if I can share with someone.  To its credit, Cold Stone Creamery does list "healthier" options http://www.coldstonecreamery.com/icecream/healthy_indulgences.html While I think the ice cream here is okay, you can get just as good for less $$ elsewhere.
3	Cold Stone is really worth it only if you'll be entertained by watching them put the creations together.  Their ice cream is okay, but  too rich for my taste -- I swear you can smell the extra milkfat from the sidewalk.  (This may be a perk for some, but I find it overwhelming.)  The "creations" are nice (my favorite is Peanut Butter Cup Perfection), but the ingredients aren't anything special.  I stop by occasionally because it's fun to watch them make it, but Dave and Andy's is orders of magnitude better, and Razzy Fresh is just around the corner and much healthier if I don't want to leave Squill.
2	Blah. I just don't like this place, the flavors taste so artificial and gross.
2	Wasn't good didn't like it.  I ordered the Mint Mint Chocolate Chocolate chip and the description of this flavor was to have brownies in it. What I got had no brownies in it of course I didn't realize that until I had half way consumed my waffle cone of ice cream.  I had my heart set on going to Baskin Robbins but I can see they are no longer in business and had to settle on Cold Stone I would have done better just going to Giant Eagle and getting some store brand ice cream.
5	Great place to get your ice-cream craving satisfied. Ive been to many coldstones in the past and this one is equally good. The employees who work there are very friendly and helpful when I cant make up my mind. As far as people complaining about prices and such. The price is the same as every other cold stone creameries. I usually always get the founders favorite and it is always delicious. I love how they offer a discount for college students if you show an id. Keep up the great service guys! :)
1	My father-in-law LOVES this place and so we go when he visits. My 4 year old wanted to go and deserved a treat and so we went even though the FIL wasn't in town. He ordered mint ice cream with chocolate chips a.k.a. mint chocolate chip on a cone. Instead of the fancy dance they usually do, the server scooped the ice cream into the cone and them used a spoon to cover it in chocolate chips. My son was thrilled and even said "it was better than I thought." Whatever that means. But I thought it was gross and annoying since the chips kept dripping all over me. This was all after waiting for a long time while the servers were in the back doing who knows what. When we got there, we were behind one family and no one was behind us. By the time we were helped, there were 6 parties behind us.Not going back until the FIL is back in town.
1	Why anyone would pay $6 for a tiny cup of mediocre ice cream is beyond me. We ordered a small "sweet cream" (vanilla) with Oreos and strawberries. It was $5.25 plus tax. The 4 oz. cup had exactly one Oreo half, cracked in half, inside the middle of the ice cream, and three soggy berries on top. Supremely overpriced, and no good. Take your business elsewhere.
4	I ended up here with my friend for dessert after visiting Pizza Cono across the street on Mon. for dinner.  Generally, I try to patronize the indy ice cream shops around PGH, but we came here out of convenience, since my friend doesn't care for froyo and we were leaning more towards ice cream than water ice.  I hadn't been to a Cold Stone for at least 5 years, so I'd almost forgotten what their ice cream is like.I ordered the small ("like it") size of the mint mint chocolate chip, since I love mint chocolate chip ice cream and brownies (note: I looked up this item later and it packs 580 calories--ouch!), and it seemed like a better deal to pay a bit more to get multiple mix-ins than to just get the standard one mix-in.  Although this ice cream was quite a bit more expensive than I'm accustomed to for a bowl of ice cream ($5.25 w/ tax), the employee serving me was generous with the ice cream and mix-ins (my bowl was almost overflowing), and he even gave me a couple of coupons (thanks!).  I found the ice cream concoction itself quite delicious, esp. with the bits of brownies, chocolate chips, and chocolate syrup.  Was the ice cream as good as Dave and Andy's?  No.  Could I make this concoction myself at home?  Sure.  Having said that, I was quite satisfied with the service and product that I received, and the location was convenient for hanging out with my friend for an after-dinner treat.P.S. They're promoting a make-your-own ice cream cookie sandwich right now, so if I return, I'll have to try that.
5	I'm surprised this place has such a low rating. I've been here three times this summer and I love the ice cream and the service. I've brought my family here and they love it too, even though they say the portions are too much. I've come here with groupons plus Coldstone gives out coupons for your next visit (ex: $1 off sundaes, free waffle cones).
