4	The decor is nothing fancy but the food is surprisingly good (and fresh). I've gotten takeout and eaten at the buffet. Both good for the price - it's inexpensive.
4	China Garden appears to be your run of the mill Chinese take out place (standard menu, decor, etc) , but I was very pleasantly surprised how good the food was.  We had both the cashew chicken and seafood delight, and both were awesome.  Also worth noting they are super fast (food was ready within 10 minutes).  I'd easily say this is the best Chinese takeout place I've found since I've been in Pittsburgh (about a year).  Highly recommend it.
4	I've said it before, and I'll say it again, I love me a buffet.An excellent price for some good food never hurts.  All the usual Chinese fare is on the buffet with that American flare added for some spice...I suppose it would be to spice it up...  Anyway  I got to taste all my favorite Chinese foods from General Tso's to cheese won tons.  Just in case I didn't want to overdose on Chinese I decided to try some of the Mac n' Cheese and fried potatoes (although I admit I added sweet and sour sauce to the potatoes).  Servers are around often to pick up the plates you are finished with and to make sure your glasses are refilled.  Atmosphere is somewhat comfortable.  Appears to me they tried to squeeze in more seating than they could.  I would have given five stars, but as my friend pointed out while we were there, our waters tasted like it came from a hose you may have used to fill up your backyard pool.  Next time I'll go with the soda I suppose.
3	This is my go-to place for curing a hangover. I don't know what it is about Chinese buffets the day after a long night of round after round, but it does the trick. I also like to come here before I go grocery shopping at the nearby Trader Joe's because everybody knows it's a bad idea to go shopping for food stuff on an empty stomach.All of my favorites are here, veggie lo mien, string beans, mac 'n cheese, crab rangoon, hot & sour soup, I haven't seen dan bing (egg pancakes) in awhile but when they have them, they are out of this world with some peanut sauce. Another thing I miss is creamed spinach... I have yet to see this dish on a Pittsburgh buffet but if you go outside of the city it is a staple among Chines buffets.Another star got knocked off for the lack of fresh fruit on the dessert table. Canned pineapple and mandarin oranges will always carry that metallic taste to them that is just no comparison to having the real thing.
2	The hot and sour soup was ok. Everything else was basically inedible. Water was not noticeably hose-y as per other reviews. More than 1/4 of the buffet was american food, and a lot of the rest was seafood that almost had to be "krab", considering the price of the buffet. No pot-stickers, no pork egg rolls, no spareribs, no won-ton soup.
3	The food here is good but it is not exceptional.  I've been to this restaurant occasionally for a couple years and the menu hasn't changed at all. There is the typical Asian fare such as General Tso's, fried rice, noodles, stuffed shrimp and dumplings. There is also American macaroni and cheese, home fries and ham. When I go to China Garden, I always request a carry out container as I find it nauseating to sit in the dining area and see other patrons pile their plates with astonishing heaps of food. One thing for sure is that China Garden gets plenty of customers.Definitely come here for a reasonably priced buffet!
3	Just ate there, right next to GameStop & Google, has 3 small booths, & ordered the pepper steak w/ onion ($10.95). Food is fast fresh & hot, but mine had too much onion & not enough steak. At the end of the meal I was just eating onions with rice, though I hear this is healthy for you. Counter lady was cordial, but didn't reply when customers told her, "Have a nice day" #awkward. I know that English isn't her first language but she needs to catch on that people are wishing her well. Wasn't stuffed full either despite having eaten a large plate (I usually get this feeling eating Asian). This is basically a nice place to go for lunch that won't ruin your appetite for dinner. (Side note: Food is very clean. Brushed my teeth an hour before w/ Tom's of Maine fluoride-free peppermint & still had minty fresh breath an hour after eating)
2	The location is convenient but I was not a fan of the food. I had shrimp and Chinese veggies and crab Rangoon. They cut the veggies way too big and the sauce was bland. I won't go back for food but the crab Rangoon was ok. They didn't give any sauce. You have to ask for it. That sucks.
4	This is my 2nd time here and I thought that I attributed the satisfaction of my first visit due to the fact I was sooooo hungry. Well my 2nd time and for a Chinese Buffet, this place is fantastic. The restaurant itself is very clean. The buffet is also very clean and even though I showed up within an hour of closing, they were still bringing out fresh entrees. The amount of choice is less than just about all the Chinese Buffets that I have ever been too, but in my opinion they make up for that in delicious food. All the patrons here are American, so this isn't the Asian place where the Asians eat. It's very non-spicy, non-original food, but it's fresh and good tasting. I would certainly return. Giving it 7.5 Knuckles out of 11.
2	This is an average Chinese buffet. The food was not bad, but not impressive neither, plus some cheap American food. The food was a little too greasy even by American Chinese food standard, and my stomach complained soon after I left that place. To me, that's a no-go signal.On the other hand, they seemed to have a non-buffet counter next-door, perhaps the food would be better there.
