4	Tires are those one thing (okay, four things - four and a half if you have a doughnut, five if you have a full-size) that we all have to deal with. But it's also something we almost never think about until we have to, am I right? The tire is going flat - or perhaps it already is flat. At least with many other car issues we take care of it in advance by changing the oil or something, but the lowly tire? Not so much.Discount Tire seems to be interested in changing that, and by that I mean that they are not just interested in changing your tire (though they surely are), but they are also interested in changing the approach to your tires. Not just once, not twice, but three times - on two different vehicles - I have come in and they have checked out the problem with low tire pressure and fixed it. For no cost.Once they even removed the tire from the rim, took out a screw, fixed the flat and put it all back together. Impressive. Now I could complain that it took a while, and it wasn't the fastest service in the world - but there were paying customers, so I can't complain all that much. Still, it is the only reason I would hesitate slightly to give that fifth star at this point. I can say that the next time I need tires (for real tires, not just a check-up), they are first on the list, and that will likely earn them that last star.
5	Love how you can pick out the tires you want online and appt. time.  Show up and they go to work.  Professional not pushy.  I will be going back in the future.
5	Amazing service, I am a car enthusiast and I am very particular about my car and my wheels. The car was handled very professionally and the wheels were taken care of with high detail and I would come here again without hesitation. Great prices great service understanding caring staff. Would like to thank Tim for outstanding service and care.
5	This review is for all three of the locations that have treated me well over the years. They have patched multiple tires for me, multiple rotations, a rebalance and even fixed my wife's tires that she purchased elsewhere for free. Customer service is great, they are upfront and honest about wait times and costs. I will never go anywhere else.
3	I've always used Discount Tire. They are good with me always get a military discount which makes me feel special lolI called them ahead to get a price on some tires for my 2007 350Z. They gave me a quote but I called around and ended up calling them back to see if they price matched they did but this time I didn't get a military discount I only saved 6$ when it came down to it off the price match. So I set an appointment up and came in they fixed the price and hopped into my car. Downfall is that when they tried getting into my car and move it they didn't put down a cover on the seat like most places do so I had to dust it off a bit before getting in. Also the kid couldn't figure out how to put it in reverse so he's sitting outside burn the clutch and trying to figure it out instead of asking. Before I could get out there he figured it out and started moving. He pulled into the bay and what irritated me the most he drops the clutch and stalls out my car. Now I take very big pride in my car as I've dropped lots of money into it so for him to drop the clutch and stall out and everyone around him to laugh and act like it's a joke rubbed me the wrong way. I understand having fun while working but it's not professional to be doing it with someone's car. I found no laughter in that. Doing lots of business with Discount Tire I love the company they are great but this one was just an eh ok shop. Really I'd give me a 2 1/2 if I could.  If you are needing help though ask for Pat.
