2	I stopped in at Quizno's for lunch, not because I love Quizno's, but because I had a gift card.  I remembered why I don't love it.The service was slow and not especially friendly, and the food is barely "ok".  I had the "choose 2 combo" with the Turkey Pesto Bullet (I think? it's the smaller sandwhich thing) and the tomato basil soup.  The Turkey Pesto was mostly bread, which was falling apart.  The soup was bland, even after the 2 packets of salt and pepper I dumped in.The only thing I really like about Quizno's - the pepper bar - I love jalapenos and hot peppers and I love that I can serve myself and put as much or as little as I want on.Other than that, I really don't see what all the hype is about Quizno's and how they're able to open up shop what seems like on every corner of the Valley?  Maybe I'm just not ordering the right things.  Oh well.
5	Previous owner was terrible, new owner is great. Food is much better than it was, and service is as well. If you stopped by before and had a bad experience, definitely give it another shot.
2	Stopped by one night late, only one guy working, probably the manager/owner based on him being on the phone and looking like he wanted to gtfo dodge attitude and not wearing anything quiznos related like most workers do... Food... subpar... it's a chain... it's hard to fuck up... but he did. There was no care in the making of the sub... I pretty much watched him throw it together, run it through the toaster tossed some lettuce on and wrap it up...I had chips in my hand... wanted a meal... he didn't ask and just rang it up w/o the drink... I asked what size cup to grab and he said "oh you wanted a drink?"  Of course I wanted a fucking drink... I just stared at him like wtf man?  Told him to keep his drink cause he'd have to re run my card...  srsly it's a chain that gives you all the stuff and training to make a sandwich like the other 1000's of quiznos around the country... and you can't do it. If you hate customer service don't buy a franchise sandwich shop.Two stars... lucky it isn't one. I'm out
1	I used to love Quiznos.... I would go out of my way to get a turkey bacon guacamole sandwich any day. At this point in my life I will no long be giving any money to this sorry excuse for a sandwich shop. The staff is rude and careless. I was given obviously bad guacamole... Which I didn't realize until i got home a took a bite of my sandwich to have the fowl taste in my mouth. It took 20 mins to get my sandwich, there was only one couple in front me. I'm done with this place. I should have went to paradise bakery across the street.
1	This place sucked, was great, then sucked again. Finally it is out of business and can quit playing with my emotions.
