3	I had lunch at China King.  It's pretty standard Chinese place.  The restaurant was pretty full.  The food is not made to order, but in batches which are kept in a steam table where you order.  I had the General's chicken which was $6.25 and came with an eggroll.  I'm pretty sure you can get a chicken wing instead of the eggroll  The food was hot and pretty tasty.  It satisfied my craving for Chinese.  Not much to say here really. Next time I would go for the chicken wing instad of the eggroll which was kind of soggy after sitting around.  If you want inexpensive fast Chinese food then try the China King, but don't expect much more than inexpensive, fast, Chinese.
4	I've been  back to China King a couple of times now since my initial visit.  I came earlier around 11 to 11:30 is and it was not busy at all.  I ordered off their specials menu, Spicy Pork & the next visit Sa Cha Chicken, $5.99 for entree, rice & choice of egg roll or chicken wing.  Both were pretty good.  Again nothing outstanding, but pretty tasty.  I order a chicken wing as side both times to try them out.  The flavor is excellent, but again they were a little soggy from being left on their steam table for a while.  I also had soup on both visits since it is getting colder out now.  Egg drop the first time, then hot & sour the second.  Both soups were pretty good and you can get some crunchy noodles to go with it.    Since I keep returning I'm upping my rating to 4 stars.  This place is kind of growing on me and the food has been consistently hot and flavorful on each of my visits.  Don't expect anything fancy here, but they do have pretty good Chinese food here.
3	Tasty, if unremarkable, Chinese fare is what to expect from China King. You can get in and out quickly, even during the lunch crush if you go through the cafeteria type line and order. There you will find pretty standard items like General Tso's chicken, spicy pork, beef with broccoli, etc. Ordering from the menu gets you more variety but a bit longer wait. Food is good but not great and when they call something spicy, it's only mildly so most of the time. Pretty fair place to satisfy that MSG hankering when in uptown however.
2	I've been here quite a few times since i started working uptown. I usually get the sesame chicken and rice, which is just okay at best. However, today, I got the chicken and broccoli with rice and it was just bad. The chicken tasted suspect and the rice was mushy. It's too bad, they have a great location and everyone who works there is very nice, but the food is borderline awful. Today was definitely my last visit.
1	Seafood Noodle soup had slices of pork. The cilantro garnish wasn't even chopped.
3	Local chinese. Order the Orange Chicken, and get it made crunchy and fresh with the sauce drizzled over it. House Special Fried Rice is good here too.If not, get the lunch special buffet items, for a less expensive price.
5	My #1 Local favorite. Fresh chinese during business lunch time. Lunch specials for $6, and authentic meals with HUGE portions. ULTIMATE FAVORITES. And the owners are so humble & caring. It goes a long way!Try the Singapore Noodles - curry noodles with beef/chicken/shrimp!
4	Great, cheap Chinese food.  Wobbly floors, wobbly tables, but I still love this place.
