5	Was looking for a place to eat after my  Gym work out.   walked to Panda Express ,   then i saw the New Thai food been open,      Phuket Thai Cuisine  ,  on 4040 S Arizona ave ,  chandler .i walked in   there is like  15 -20 tables or so.   place look  very well,  very  clean,  very nice. was  not busy,  but  its a  Tuesday night .    the  menu is great,  they have it all.    the food  was good.   or  good +  .  i  really liked it,  and will go there many  times again.service?   well  its a new place, i think  they  still learning  ,   but they  was very  good,  very  polite,  was this  sweet lady ,  who help the server ,  she  was FUN!!!   overall   i  had a  great meal,  and had a good  time!   well done  and best of luck to the new place in my hood
5	Place is very nice and clean and pretty! Love the way the restaurant looks and feels. Its a relaxing environment that allows you to enjoy lunch or dinner! The hours they open are from 11-3 then reopens at 5-9. The service is wonderful and staff is very friendly. Gotta give them some slack these first few weeks as they are learning and coordinating their routine but overall they are  doing great. Will come again! Try the coconut ice cream!!!
2	Spent the last 10 years living in Thailand. Visited Phuket Thai on Friday evening at 5:00 PM. 14 other diners. The restaurant is new, fashionably decorated and very clean. Service is on the slow side, as if this is the owners first restaurant venture.  Food came out before sticky rice etc. The duck (16.95) was very dry and the worst I have ever had. No where close to what you get in Thailand. Pad See You was good, although on the sweet side. The papaya salad was very bland and even at the highest spice level, not spicy at all. Made for Americans is all I can say. Lob (chicken) was tasty. Spicy and sour wings (7.95) for 6 dry wings drenched in excess sauce. Chauhan (thai ice tea) close to original. Ate with my Thai wife and Thai son. It is a nice atmosphere, however, the large size lady is very loud, speaking above the whole restaurant when she takes orders. For my family, we prefer Thai food made for Thais. This is just too bland for our liking. It is quite expensive compared to other Thai restaurants is the area. 10% off for cash, told once we had already ordered. At this time I would not make a repeat visit which is a shame because the food quality does not match the stylish restaurant. Total bill for 3 $80.36.
5	Stopped in and had their pad Thai along with some Thai tea. Everything was very good and very fresh. It's a little on the lighter side, which was refreshing. Their coconut ice cream is amazing. 10/10 for Thai food in the area.
2	We had lunch here today, party of 2. The restaurant atmosphere was nice, decoration and cleanliness were a thumbs up. I observed a lot of new clients trying the place out. Service was lacking though, observed 2 party's leaving just because of the wait and lack of service. Though keep in mine we got seated and our service was good and attentive.Food we ordered: Pad Thai, Panang Curry Beef, and Tom Kha Gai Soup. Unfortunately the Pad Thai had to much sauce. The dish was thick and gummy and bland. The Panang Curry was just as bland, the curry sauce was like soup that didn't stick to the meat. The Tom Kha Gai Soup was tasty but was lacking a slight thickness that curry milk adds. We were so excited for a local thai restaurant and unfortunately left so disappointed. In addition to another "Yelp review" our 3 dishes for lunch $30 which in agreeance is high for the dishes we ordered.I'm sorry to say we will not be coming back, which is really sad as we need some good local flavors.
5	Great little neighborhood Thai restaurant.  I had the red curry pork with brown rice Thai hot and it was really good.  My wife had one of the noodle bowls with meatballs and that was really good, too.  We will be back.
4	Tried phuket Thai for the first time, my wife had the lunch special green curry, still ended up with enough leftover for another lunch.  I asked if they had any whole fish dishes, the owner made an off menu pompano fish in red curry.  The ginger tea and Thai coffee were tasty and we finished with homemade coconut ice cream.  Bring cash and save 10%.  Quantity and quality were good, service was a little slow.
4	Great neighborhood Thai restaurant, clean, service is good, the food is delicious and I'll definitely go back again!!!
3	Not my favorite Thai food, but definitely convenient and good enough for Thai that I don't need to drive 30 minutes to get to.  The Pad Thai has a pretty mild flavor and the ingredients blend well together.  The curries seem a bit too sweet.  Also if you get it spicy, the heat doesn't seem to blend well with the sweet.  In other words, the sweetness of the curries overpowers the spiciness.  That being said, it's still pretty good.  And convenient.
5	Great chicken soup and spicy thai rice. Will be coming back soon to try some other dishes. Great food, great value.
5	Great little resteraunt with good food.  On the quiet side but still nice. No liquor so no sing ha beer. Service a little slow but very polite. Recommend highly.
5	The dood was Delicious and the service was great and the atmosphere was very nice. Excited to know they will be serving wine soon.
4	Had a nice vegetarian lunch here yesterday for $7.99. Deep fried Tofu and vegetables with a light brown sauce , a small plate of lettuce only with peanut dressing and a miniature egg roll which I did not eat. The vegetables came with a lovely white jasmine rice. I liked it very much and finished everything sans the egg roll . The service was very good and the atmosphere unobtrusive . I will definitely return and bring others.  I hope they do well because the food seems healthy and.... what do you know...tastes good too!Phuket Thai Cuisine has made its way onto the short list of places I will eat.Most notable and worth sharing is I actually felt great after the meal. Often after dining out the salt and other additives restaurants use have an adverse effect on me so my list of possibilities is a short one .I sure hope they keep up the present standards of food quality and customer care.
5	Food is solid. Better than our cities other thai options for sure! Veggie fried rice is great, not greasy, and properly cooked. The spicy tofu with cashew is Damn delicious. I'll return often for that dish alone. Incredibly friendly staff as well!
4	This food is awesome! Excellently prepared and perfectly spiced if you are a wimp like myself but Thai hot if you want that sort of thing. Servers are always so friendly! And the prices are so fair. So worth it if you want yummy eats at an economical price!
4	More awesome lunch to be had. Sometimes they are busy. But really, it's worth the wait. And every server is so nice!
5	Excellent menu Tom Kha soup was fabulous! Try spicy  #3 with rice. Very delicious. YUM!!
3	stopped by with my sister a few weeks ago.i understand that they are super new and might not have everything together yet.  ...but we waited for an hour and a half during lunch.  thirty minutes for our order to be placed... and an hour to get our food.  i definitely wouldn't recommend this place if you're looking for something quick on your lunch break.they were all very sweet though.  the servers seemed very flustered... i don't think they were expecting to be so busy.  the food was ok.  we had the pad thai and yellow curry.  the curry was alright but the serving was pretty small for the price.  i really wanted to like this place more but i probably won't be returning.  it's not somewhere i would drive out of my way to go to.
5	Great little place!  Pay cash for 10% off.  I HIGHLY recommend their drunken noodles!  The beef ones were delicious!!!  We will be back!  Yummy!!!!  My only complaint is the portions are way too small for the price!
5	From beginning to end, we loved every minute of this restaurant!  The Decor is beautiful yet unpretentious and inviting. Every dish we had was full of flavor and generously portioned. To top it all off we got to spend quite a bit of time chatting with Woody, the Thai owner, who is simply delightful! South Chandler is fortunate to have this family owned gem in our neighborhood!
5	We stopped here after a happy hour for a networking group and it was soooo delicious. Papaya salad, soup and a noodle dish that was so yummy. We will definitely be back! Service was great and you get 10% off if you pay cash.
4	Probably the best Thai food in the area. Actually very good.I would highly recommend the order things ties style here if possible and get the heat kicked up because they know how to do it right.The old lady cooking in the kitchen is very authentic. The guy working the front area is pretty bad and really shouldn't be working in a restaurant. You get kid, maybe 22yrs old. The wait was pretty crazy considering there were only 4 other tables taken in the restaurant.The Pork Gra Prao was awesome as was the red Curry dish. The amount of Veggies in their dishes is a bit much and there was only 2 shrimp in the Shrimp Pad Thai.If you want a bit nicer place than Thai Paradise this is the place. Food almost as good with some less authentic option on the menu.
5	Everything was perfect here! The service was great, the food, which was delicious, came out really quick, and the interior design of the place made me feel comfortable :) Will be returning soon!
1	No, no, no!!!!! Had such high hopes for this place since it was close to home. Why are reviews so high? Their curry is thin and watery and all my dishes literally had no flavor. They are devoid of any taste or spices. Panda Express is disgusting and yet I think I would have had a better experience there. Run people!!!
2	Sadly wanted to support a local business and Thai food is one of my weak points in the area. Had high hopes but this place let me down. Ordered the Pad Thai to go with mild spicy choice.It wasn't so much the spiciness that I had an issue with, it was the lack of flavor...that's all I can really say sadly. The price was ok for the lunch special but will most likely not return due to the lack of flavor...Time to move on and hope for another Thai restaurant to open up in the area...
5	From the parking lot it looks inviting, and the staff were wonderful, the food excellent, just the right combination of spices, fast service, and just in the time period we were there four take-out orders went out the door and five tables were filled!  Excellent.... We will be back!
