4	Our feet and back were hurting so badly after browsing around at Glendale Glitters.  We needed a place to rest and probably use a more decent restroom than the portables. We stumbled into Krispy Creations just opened last month. Another wonderful addition to downtown Glendale. If you are absolutely obsessed with rice krispy treats, Krispy Creations adapted them from a normal cake batter.  We didn't try any of their rice krispy treats. We did try the clam chowder soup in a baked bread bowl.  I love that the bread was baked hot and crunchy.  The soup was semi-homemade, but so comforting and delicious in the winter.  They also make their own dipped chocolate strawberry!   The owner is really sweet and friendly. Go support local if you're in downtown Glendale.
2	This is something I might have to come back to and try it out again. Took the family out for Glendale Glitters, and noticed this place for the first time. Walked in and asked them, I haven't noticed them before. They have just opened up! Bought a couple of hot chocolate, Twinkies cupcake, and chicken soup. 1) Cupcake sucked!! to dry, to sweet, just not good!2) Soup was OK, but could be better.3) Since they just opened! They did not have a lot of products, cups, utensils!  This must improve if they want to stick around. We will give them another try in a few months, give you a update then!!
4	Love this place. Stopped by for a quick sweet treat. Will be back to try a sandwich. Very friendly employees.
4	A bit confusing when you come in. You can order from the counter or you can sit down and grab a menu, it was busy so it was hard to tell. When ordering we started with dessert first, chocolate covered strawberries, delicious! We each had a sandwich and they were great. A kids menu would be nice but we might have missed it. Cute inside with the old Coke decor. Will go back when it isn't as busy to try out some more stuff!
3	It wasn't easy trying to find an open restaurant at lunch time in Glendale but stumbled on this one and it was fun, delish and reasonably priced. Baked goods available...looked yummy but we didn't indulge.
4	Service was amazing. The owner is such a sweet lady. We actually sat and talked about our careers for a little while. They're really flexible with the menu and we got our food within five minutes! Love this place.
3	Hhhhmmmm over priced cupcakes that taste like pillsburry ready to make cake flour... The ice cream was bad too and over priced
3	Place is clean, people are nice and the food is ok... Clam chowder looked like jelly and potatoes were hard but no horrible. Biggest gripe was the service is slow 20 minutes to wait for soup seems long.
4	Really good food! I had the turkey avocado on parmesan bread, freakin fantastic! my mother got the chicken Caesar wrap, the chicken was moist, tender, and flavorful. yes, it did take awhile to get our food (I suspect the kitchen isn't that big) but it was seriously worth it. I mean if the food wasn't good, then yeah that would present a problem, but everytyme I've come, I've never been disappointed, so I'm willing to wait! I have yet to try the desserts, so i can't really comment on those. I will def be back, of course
3	Stopped in there for a bite to eat during the first night of Glendale Glitters since it was the only place that wasn't super crazy busy. When you see it you think cute kitschy diner with waiter service.....well no. You order from the register then sit at an open table. When your order is ready the "servers" walk around asking people if this is what they ordered.  Yea......that was annoying, especially on a busy friday night of Glendale Glitters. If they are going to stick to the "order here then sit" method...then they need to have a number system. When you are at an event like Glitters...you are standing in line to order every where you go. When you want to eat you want waiter service, if you want to stand in line and order your food you'll go to the food vendor area to get better food for your $! The food was decent but nothing spectacular.  Would I go back......that's hard to say. I wasn't that impressed with it all. I hope the owner reads all the reviews and takes people suggestions and improves the way they do things, especially if they want to stick around.
2	I was informed of this place (also called The Hop Stop) when I was given a menu while I was attending Glendale Glitters. I was initially very interested in eating there because they had clam chowder in a bread bowl, my ultimate favorite food. About a month or so later my boyfriend and I decided to go for a bite here since we live right down the street. It was bad from the start... When the waitress was taking our drink orders I asked for a Dr. Pepper which she didn't even know if they had and had to check in the back (which they didn't). Then comes the food order and of course I asked for the clam chowder which they didn't have either... So I decided to go with the strawberry salad instead and guess what? No strawberries. So I half-heartedly ordered the tortilla soup in the bread bowl and my boyfriend ordered the BBQ burger without onions. The soup was okay... It could've used salt which wasn't available at the table and our waitress was nowhere to be found, and my boyfriends burger came with a ton of onions.... It's a cute place but we were definitely disappointed and won't be coming back.
5	Great atmosphere with music from a bygone era! The food was awesome with a wide selection of burgers (unique and mouthwatering!) I had the Three Cheeseburger which boasts three (count 'em!) THREE slices of chess including provolone, cheddar and Swiss on a 1/3 lb. patty served with fries. My friend had the Philly Cheese Steak sandwich.We were both very pleased with the friendliness of the staff as well as the owner. They all made us feel very welcome. Would highly recommend this place for lunch or dinner and they have baked goods as well in the counter up front. Will definitely be back!
4	My friend and I decided to go out for coffee before dinner.  We saw this place and we decided to go here instead of the place we were looking forward.  When I walked in the door I felt like I was walking back in time to a 50's cafe.  This cafe was awesome.  They had mini cakes, rice Kristy treats and cupcakes for dessert.  Also each day they have a special for dinner and they have coffee.  I had a white chocolate mocha and a mini Rice Krispy treat.
5	The service was awesome. I called them last second for an order of chocolate dipped strawberries and they were able to get them for me.
4	While visiting Glendale,  I stumbled into this lovely cafe. The owner is fantastic and so welcoming. For my first meal, I ordered the turkey avocado sandwich and I added bacon. It was delicious and the bread toasted with Parmesan butter was a nice touch. On my second trip to this restaurant, I ordered a breakfast sandwich and iced coffee. I love that the breakfast menu allows for custom orders.
1	We read the article about this place in the Glendale paper and visited them for lunch last Saturday.  What a bad experience.   We ordered drinks  4 soft drinks and a shake.   It tail a long time to get the drinks and even longer for the shake.   The drinks were all flat.   After not having our order taken we asked for the bill so we could leave.   OVER $12 for drinks.    What a rip off.  I should have disputed the soft drinks but did not.  My mistake. The article I read makes this place sound so fun...50 style.  I did not find the staff friendly at all.  I doubt they will be in business very long but if they are still open stay away
5	The staff here is always very nice, and the food is delicious! The Parmesan bread they use for the turkey avocado is amazing! It's nicely decorated with coca-cola decor, and it makes for a fun themed lunch!
4	Great environment, the manager had the very handsome chef bring us our food. Everything on the menu is delicious, but wish the waiting is cut down.
5	Stopped in after a disappointing pizza at pizza old Roma around the corner.  Staff was friendly, and the shakes were excellent.  If your a chocoholic, they make their chocolate shakes with chocolate ice cream yummmmmmServers were sweet even though they did take a minute to get your order together and delivered.Would come back, good experience!
1	There were three employees there and only one was actually working. It took way too long to get items that don't require cooking. The hot fudge sundae was missing adequate hot fudge. The other three desserts were mediocre at best. Not worth a second visit
4	Great little place. Fun 50th diner theme. Food was good and inexpensive. Homemade deserts were fantastic! We will definitely be back.
1	Ordered veggie wraps for my wife and I,  and some pancakes with bacon and a side of toast for my son. The toast and pancakes were pretty good (the one star is for the good pancakes). However the bacon tasted rancid.The veggie wraps should have been called onion wraps.  My wife and I each pulled about a half a head of onion from each of our wraps.  There was maybe one egg scrambled and split between the two. The menu description said egg, onion, peppers, mushrooms, cheddar cheese, avocado, and breakfast potatoes. Our wraps were onion, some kind of bland white cheese, hash browns, green peppers, mushrooms, and a touch of egg. The avocado was served on the side and I'm glad it was, it was brown and seemed like it had been out for days. Not something I would have served when I was in the food service industry. I have two thoughts on this: first I got some ones special order of an onion wrap (twice), or the manager/owner hasn't been there recently to supervise the food being served on Sunday mornings.Against my wifes better judgement I had decided to try this place a second time. and this second time will be my last.  My wife says she likes onions on her breakfast wraps as a flavoring, not to add mass - even on a Sunday morning.The owner has my phone number and name she can contact me anytime. Mike
1	Originally, I was going to say that I hope meals at Krispy Creations are better than their desserts, but after reading the reviews it seems like they need a new cook and a new baker.Myself, I am not a fan of cooking or baking so I rarely do either.  I would rather spend my time doing any number of other things than to be in the kitchen.  But I know that I can't cook.  So you will not find me selling anything that I do manage to whip up.Anyway, when I asked the friendly young man behind the counter what the treats in the display were, he had to guess.  (It irks me so much when labels are not provided for the customer and on top of that the employee is clueless as to what baked goods s/he is actually selling.)  But it's not his fault training was not provided to him.So I asked for what looked like a peanut butter cookie, a peanut butter reeses cup cookie, and a plain mini cheesecake.  If I could insult the baker - once again - by giving no stars, I would.  But I give one star for effort.  Bravo for trying to cook.The cookies were refrigerator cold so that was an automatic NOrgasm.  Also there was no cookie in the cookies.  They were blobs of peanut butter chips.  I broke them in half to see the insides and both of them had a look of rawness - probably from all the fat in the peanut butter chips.  And...um...the...um...the ? cheesecake?  What an anti-climax!  Some folks might like light and airy cheesecake with a hint of crumbly graham on the bottom.  Not me.  I don't want cheesecake to give me wings.  I want cheesecake to smack me down and hold me there.  And when I pick up cheesecake, that graham crust better pull its weight because I want to bite into it like I'm eating a sandwich.  Yes, I can have my cake and eat it too.But I couldn't jump on these yucky treats from Krispy Creations.  They made my penis soft.  Not going there again or even suggest anyone go near.
5	everything on the menu is amazing. No disappointments!! Their turkey avocado sandwich is the best one in town!! I have it a couple times a week.
1	I have been here a few times and will not be going back. I love the decor and music, but the staff has no clue what service means. Food quality is NOT consistent! Sometimes good, others horrible, never great... Every time I am there, there are new/ different employees. I love mom and pop shops but this place is a nightmare! Where is the manager?!
