1	DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY - STEER CLEAR. We had our water heater go out and our home warranty program assigned them to our case. From the moment Pedro showed up to perform the service they began running up the cost. Very shady in their dealings.  He then said he was going to go get the heater while the insurance worked put the amount. Cindy, the supposed office manager assigned him to another case and dropped us. She was abrasive and completely non helpful and told us at they couldn't help us until 4 days later. A total of 6 days without hot water. I went through another company. These people are unprofessional and completely unhelpful. Especially Cindy!  BUYER BE WARNED - DON'T USE THIS COMPANY.  YOU WILL REGRET IT!
1	Well Rob,Your story is wrong on many points. First, I have their gold plan with $250 towards code violations, $250 towed permits and $ towards removal. Please dont patronize me about clearing up my plan I know why it contains  Second, Pedro pointed out "extras" before he even pronounced what the problem is. I never "cashed out,". Never even asked about it. You guys didn't even give it a chance or contact me back. I could've cleared it all up. Then when I finally called and asked Cindy where Pedro was she then tells me on to another job. When I ask why she became agitated and refused to even try to accommodate. You want to say on here she was ok?  Then you don't understAn customer service and people reading this should really move on from this company. They only care about milking the process for the max amount of $ an will only operate on their timeline without consideration to you. Then they will turn around and tell you that their bad customer service is your fault. Went with another company here in Vegas. Fixed in one day without a hint of drama and they worked to accommodate the customer instead of the other way around.
5	I am extremely happy with the work that Dyno Plumbing completed. Our plumber was able to identify the problem with our toilet and fix it within a few hours. Our master bath toilet was making an extremely loud sucking sound when you flushed, now it is fixed and I couldn't be happier. Staff: The tech with super professional and I felt he was trustworthy. He had to leave mid-fix to grab a part from the home office, otherwise I imagine he would have been in-and-out within 30 minutes. Price: Our landlord fronted the bill.
1	These guys were sent by my home warranty company, they only set appointments 24 hours out, when the guy does come he asks for the trip fee for the appointment before doing anything, then he tells me the water heater needs to be replaced and that needs to be approved by the home warranty company(why I need to wait 24 hours and pay someone $60 to tell me something I already know, and then not have the problem fixed, I'll never understand), and that it will be at least another 24 hours before they can fix it.  I thought I made a service call so that it could be repaired?  Not so that you can tell me it's broken, duh.  Now they want an additional $300 out of pocket for the repairs, oh, and another $90 to take the old heater.So here I sit for thee days with no hot water and $400 in repair fees not covered under the warranty.  Don't call these guys, and if your home warranty sends them, request someone else.
2	Easy until we got to the tech. Nice enough guy - just very ineffective. Couldn't find the main valve, couldn't gage the water pressure himself (no its not better, you should see that). Waiting for another appointment to have my water softener removed so he can make repairs. Seems unnecessary?He did have paperwork complete, was on time for appt. and personable. Will post another review after completion of work.
