5	Technically, this is the University gym. But membership is also open to non-students, and this place is so good that I'm going to continue coming here after I graduate.The facilities are great: it's clean, there are loads of machines (you do have to queue for them during really busy times, but not often) and the staff are always on hand to help you  if you need your fitness routine updating.The best thing though, is that all the classes are included in your membership fee, and there's  great range of them to choose from. The boxacise class on saturdays will definitely cure you of the effects of your friday night out, and you'll definitely feel the effects of it the next day!There's a sauna, a separate circuits gym upstairs, a climbing wall, squash/badminton/basketball/netball courts, an on-site physio, and your membership also includes access to the swimming pool just around the corner.You can get a membership in any multiple of 3 months, and you can also choose to opt for the off-peak option if you don't want to spend the full whack.Dragging myself to the gym is hard enough as it is, but at least at this one I know it'll be worth it.
4	This place has amazing facilities and a plus to it is it's affordable, especially to students and members of staff of the University of Edinburgh. You can also get an off peak membership for less if you know when about you want to hit the gym. Their pool, climbing wall and squash courts are particularly good.Personally I am not a fan of gyms at all. But,  I still have to admit that this is a well equipment gym, complete with plenty of classes if you are that keen to work out. The running/treadmill room is slightly intimidating (everyone's trying hard to look healthy and fit and I have an issue with running to nowhere) but their screens are a pleasant distraction (I still don't get the point but anyway).Only real downside I can think, is being a University gym you may bump into your tutor at the swimming pool. Awkward.I can't say yay I am a fan (I just can't be for a gym) but it is a good for you and a good gym.
5	The University of Edinburgh gym already had a lot to prove. I had been a member of my previous gym (University of Glasgow gym) for 7 years, through studentdom to my 'young professional' years. I loved the gym, the classes, the instructors and already begrudged any other gym as it wasn't *my* gym.So when I first signed up, I was biased, I admit. I only took the one month membership as a 'test-run'.On first impression the reception is very underwhelming. Bear in mind this is through my cynical eyes. It's also a bit of a maze, so I was a bit confused and disorientated.I hobbled in here with a very bad knee injury, in search of a weights room. i've always avoided weights room - any girl will agree why. Grunting, sweaty men kisses their own biceps and giving you sideways looks whilst you squat your 6kgs. So I was pleasantly surprised when I was told there were three seperate rooms for machines, free weights, then 'My Gym' with free weights that only went up to about 10kgs so most of the heavier, harder traininers didn't go there.And oh my, My Gym, yep this is now My Gym. The two main rooms I've seen are huge, state-of-the-art-equipment. Spotless, not a greasy smear of sweat on stretching mats or empty tissue dispensers in sight. In fact, I can't find one thing, literally, one that I could criticise the gym for.There is a huge amount of equipment. Far bigger than the weighted machine room I'd previously seen in my old gym. ANd My Gym was huge in itself, with machines all around the ouside of the room, then at least 20 big mats in the middle, each with their own bench, seperate sit-up matt. I was stunned at the quality of the equipment (brand new) and how well looked after it was.Also the fact that when I was rowing away dutifully on the rowing machine, I had a view of Arthur's Seat. Fantastic.Ok, I know I'm now just waxing lyrical. But I will now be signing up for 12 months and I can honestly say I don't reproach my new gym in the slightest. Once my knee's healed I'll be checking out the exercise classes which in themselves are very varied and fantastic. 7.30am early morning spin? Heaven.
5	Cheap, classes, pool, space...New Zealand All Blacks train here the best gym in town
5	I did my research before joining a gym in Edinburgh, and I think that this is definitely a five-star gym that beats out the rest on quality and price. It is not just the new, fantastically-built university gym for Edinburgh University, but it is also a community gym that welcomes members of the public to join as well, for just slightly higher rates.I like that this gym has variety and great quality. The main cardio room has great machines with touch-screen TVs that are easy to navigate and the best and most current gym technology. Behind this room is a weight room that can be very busy with lots of testosterone monopolizing the weights, but at lunchtimes it is much less busy and intimidating.In the back, with stunning views of Arthur's Seat, is my favorite gym room with great elliptical trainers along the walls and many large individual mats on the floor for using weights, medicine balls, exercise balls, etc. It is much more calm than the other rooms.I also love the classes. So far, I have been to two spinning classes, two Zumba classes, and a circuits class. They have all been great with really nice and helpful instructors. You book all of the classes online from seven days before the classes, but can also sometimes show up and see if there is extra space to join in. Spinning definitely fills up quickly, but it's worth it!This is a fantastic place and has a great vibe about it. With your membership, you also have access to the pool that's in another building. Thus far, I have been more than happy with all of the many other offerings in the main building!
5	This is the first gym I have actually been to but it has set my expectations for any future gyms I go to very high.There is so much equipment and many different rooms with something for everyone. I haven't used it yet but apparently there is also a great climbing and bouldering room. Membership also comes with access to a pool which is a great advantage!I've also been to a couple of the classes there, all of which have been rewarding and great fun!As a student at Edinburgh Uni my membership was obviously a great deal but many non-students also attend and it seems membership fees are also very reasonably for non-students.I would definitely recommend this gym to anyone, students and non-students alike, it really has something for everyone - no matter what your level of fitness etc. You don't even have to go that much in order to make the membership worth it!
5	A very nice gym. There's a cardio room with plenty of machines (treadmills, ellipticals, bikes, etc.) for everyone though I'm sure on particular days at certain times there can be a wait. The weight machines are connected to the cardio room which makes it pretty easy for your exercise routine.The layout of the building can be a bit confusing though. I had a hard time finding the free weights room but a staff member happily helped me find it.There's also a climbing wall, standard basketball/badminton/whatever hard surface courts, squash courts, and more.
5	I've been a member of the Centre for Sports and Exercise for about two years. I think it's an excellent facility. I mainly go for it's classes (circuits and spinning). If you are into cardio there are over 100 machines and each have a personal screen where you can watch tv. (When I used to work close by I would watch French prince of bel air after work while on the elliptical). The staff are very friendly and have even taught me how to punch properly. Hey did you know there's a boxing area? Ask a staff member to show you! The only negative I have (but I suppose it will be with all gyms) is that it can get quite busy around sept and jan. Tip: ladies - there are three change rooms. I prefer the third one which is at the back and up the stairs. You kind of have to follow a convoluted route but you'll get there. This change room is rarely busy. Bring 20p so you can lock up your valuables!
