1	We went to the new Gilbert location this past weekend. I took both my cars there and had more than $100 worth of service done. During the car wash they gave us a free "air freshener". We didn't want it and we threw it up on our dash along with a wet towel. The next day when we went to throw away the air freshener it had eaten a hole in our dash. I went back to talk to them and they claim that they are not liable. Very frustrating.
5	I was here on business and took my 2002 Mercedes CLK 430 convertible here for a car wash.  I'm very particular about where I take my car to wash as some places can scratch the paint.  The place looked clean and new so I stopped in (they've only been open a month).  It was only $5 for the express wash and the vacuums were free and unlimited!   Car was clean and shiny, no scratches, and at a bargain price.  They even included a free disposable rag to wipe off the dash with.  Keep in mind I got the $5 express wash, I'm sure the full-service is even better. I was also long overdue for an oil change (over 8000 miles!) so I asked Eric Gonzales the manager for a quote on full synthetic.  It usually costs me $100-$180 anywhere else and when he quoted me $78 I was sold on the price alone.  He was also very personable and professional so I was comfortable having them work on my car.This  ended up being the best oil change I've ever had!  Andrew Warren, who wrote up my order and explained all the services, was very friendly and knowledgeable and even showed me the color of the old oil draining and the brittle o-rings that they replaced on the filter.Eric showed me the sludge in the engine and recommended an oil system cleaning service prior to adding new oil.  I definitely needed it as I had neglected the oil change for so long.  I appreciated that this was presented to me with no pressure whatsoever, and at a fair price.  Even so, my total bill came out to only $95.  It's a nice feeling to know my car is safe for the long drive home.I'm extremely happy with the service, quality, and prices I received and only wish that this place was in San Diego because they'd definitely be where I'd take it to every time.Highly recommended!
5	Just got their monthly unlimited car wash and seemed like a dang good deal.  $15/month for the deluxe drive through wash.  Did a great job.  The automatic wash was the nicest one I've ever seen.  Be careful though.  The dryers are VERY powerful!
1	I actually wouldn't give them any stars. Went to this car wash today and someone stole my iPod. Pulled in listening to it. When the car was all done and ready, I started it up, no music! Mgr wouldn't do anything. Who steals on Easter Sunday?! Wth.
2	This was my first visit to this location.  Really probably 1.5 stars but I round up.I drove in and was approached by the attendant immediately (so far so good) and requested the Supreme wash. They took the car and I went inside. The car made it into the wash very quickly---probably too quickly because when I picked up the car the vacuum was not very thorough.  After the car came out they pulled it over to the side because there were no attendants available to dry it and do windows.  The car sat there for a full 5 minutes before anyone touched it. What bothered me about this was that there had to be at least 5 employees standing by the entrance to the car wash-- with no customers pulling in. Could 1 or 2 of them helped to service the people who had already paid?? Finally 2 employees get to my car to finish the cleaning. After a couple of minutes they both just walk away-- no signal or call out that the car is ready. So I walk over to ask and they tell me that it is ready to go. That's fine but they didn't even wipe the chalk instructions they wrote off of the passenger window (which I had to request).  Regarding the quality of the cleaning, it was poor.  Like I mentioned earlier the vacuum job was not thorough, there were still pieces of hard dirt on the finish and the windshield still had a white film in the corners which were apparently missed.I would not go back there.
5	I love the express lane here. You're in and out less $6 and your car is a shiny, pretty thing again! It's easy to get in and out, they give you a nice sized wet rag to wipe down your dash and the people are super nice. They stand and take your card and swipe it, they tell you when to pull in, they tell you when to go and when to pull out. It's really a nice set up.I like it, I come by whenever I'm on this side of town!
5	By far the best car wash in town. I have never had a disappointing experience here. Car always looks great and the staff is friendly. Since I've moved to the other side of town I don't go as often as I used to but when I'm over there I always stop by.
5	Great service! Great staff ! Professional wash for a excellent price. It's hard to find a car wash now days that actually cares. This one does. Looking to get my ride detailed here as well real soon.
3	Too much up selling. Kids in blue shirts work slow and lazy. While waiting for them to finally finish my car they were called away 3 times to fix problems on other cars. Luckily a burgundy shirt gentlemen stepped in to finish. Place not crowded but 40 min visit.
2	Not impressed at all.  Sat there and watched as 2 employees lazily finished one car and 2 others stood around shooting the breeze and playing around on their phone.  I wouldn't mind the wait if they did a good job, which they did not.Wash I purchased: Full Service, Works ($19.99)Exterior: Body was relatively clean a few water spots.  Tires and plastic were clean.  Glass was clean with exception of the windshield, which still had bug residue.Interior: Vacuum was done well.  Glass was clean except windshield, which had wipe marks and corners looked like they weren't touched.  The rest of the interior looked barely touched.  They did not do a very good job at dusting the dash and console, looks more like a 6 year old did it.Overall: I would say they did a poor job and I would not go back there.
5	Cobblestone saved the day. Me and my wife went to Danny's carwash today for an oil change and wash and was given such a line of garbage and lies we packed up and left before it started. horrible people and now our morning started horrible. We decided to go to Cobblestone which was over 9 miles away. the second we got got and pulled in we knew everything changed. the service from the second we rolled down the window was pleasant and honest. no trying to up charge us just friendly helpful and actually funny. Inside the place was fun and lots of stuff for kids. More stuff in a smaller footprint with great value. We will never go anywhere else!
5	Never a bad time to come! The wash is always done extremely well! The customer seevice is amazing! Clean establishment with wonderful service to my car!  I also like that they fixed my rock chipped window and gave me a 30 day fast pass! woot woot
2	Went in for an oil change and "free" car wash, and was not impressed. The gentleman that helped me with my oil change was quiet, difficult to hear in the noisy car bay, and he was constantly trying to up sell me on EVERYTHING. Not to mention, when I asked how much an oil change is, he said "$35 for oil change and car wash". I said okay, then he asked what type of oil I wanted. Now, granted, I'm not a mechanic and I know my car has high mileage but I didn't know if he was asking for a brand, regular or synthetic....I had to pry options out of him. Very quiet options, mind you. I asked for high mileage and without notifying me, it actually wasn't $35...it's $55. I'm not an unreasonable person. I know it probably costs more...but at least tell me the new price. Then again, maybe he did and I just couldn't hear him. Employee- "what kind of car wash do you want?"Me- "....well, what kind do you have?" Employee- "there's a poster on the outside of the car bay over there"Employee- "what kind of air freshener do you want?" Me- (again) "... Well, what kind do you have? "Annoying. Give your customers options before they have to coax them out of you. To top it off, there's a charge for my bottom-of-the-line-car-wash weighing in at $3. Really? So my "$35 oil change and wash" became a $55 oil change and $3 car wash, with tax...costing me $60. I'll change my oil myself next time.
5	100% Customer Satisfaction! This is my first time using Cobblestone Auto Spa. The staff was very courteous and helpful. I requested the Top Tier Wash $40. Once my truck was finished being detailed there were a few minor things that needed to be cleaned up and I thought no big deal....However, once I arrived home I noticed dust on my center console, mirrors not cleaned, water spots and a few minor details missed. I am not one to complain but for $40 dollars, I don't want to have to clean my own truck after it was just done. I know most people are reading this and are trying to figure out why I gave them 5 stars. Well I went back and spoke to Fernando at the front desk. He went thru all the items that were included in the Top Tier Wash and noticed that many things that were supposed to be done were not. He immediately went and got his Manager Joe Earlie. Joe asked if I could explain what issues I had with the wash and show him on the vehicle. Joe didn't make any excuses and said "I know it is the little things that make the difference". He made sure entire vehicle was cleaned and when the extra mile to clean my floor mats. Oh BTW..Joe Earlie personally cleaned the interior/exterior of my truck, he didn't just make his employee's redo what they missed. Joe's commitment to customer satisfaction is what makes a company excel and keeps customer's returning.I can't say enough about Joe Earlie's work ethics He is a GO GETTER, and has the customers best interest in mind. I will be a repeat customer. Joe thanks for making it right!
2	I have gone to this carwash twice in the few months they have been opened.  Both times I have been helped by the same customer service representative who relentlessly tried to up-sell me.  On both occasions, when I declined, he acted angry and put out, but insisted that I was angry at him (which I wasn't).  On my most recent experience, he actually said he would have to get someone else to write up my ticket because he couldn't help me.  No one else came to help and eventually the same representative came back and started arguing with me again!   I wish I could have gotten my car out of the drive bay, I would have left right then, but there were several cars behind me.  The actual wash and dry were fine and completed in a timely manner but I will not be returning to this carwash and can't recommend it to anyone else.
5	Love this place! I went to the car wash and had an unfortunate thing happen. A piece of my car had fallen off while going through the wash. The adhesive had already been loosing it's stickiness, but I did not think it would fall off lol. Fortunately, they were able to put it back on for me and I couldn't be more thankful! Looks good as new! Plus the nice $3 wash ;). Thanks Cobblestone!
5	Went to this place for the first time and they are awesome!  The staff is all really  cool and genuinely wants to help you.  The waiting area for your car while its being washed or cared to is great, five big screen tv's with two dedicated to sports and the other three showing the maintenance area and car wash area so you know when to get up and go get your car rather than sitting outside in the 100+ Arizona heat.  If your doing a self carwash you just drive on through and they have free vacuums and they also have a air dryer so you can blow the water off your car to avoid it running down the side and leaving water stains while you drive home.  All in all this is my new carwash place and definitely glad they built this right around the corner from my house.
1	WORST CAR WASH EVER.   I went to this car wash because I was in the area.   That was my mistake.   Asked the attendant to please have the bug guts removed from the front of my car.   He said I should get  "The Works" wash, a $20 wash, because it had a better soap and that the bug guts would be gone.   I said OK, then do The Works wash.   Well, when I got home, just a short ride to Chandler, the bug guts were still on the front of the car.   And they must not have  fully dried  my car because there were plenty of water marks down both sides of the car.   It is a dark colored car, only 2 months old, so the bug guts and water marks were definitely very visible.   I proceeded to remove the bug guts and water marks myself.   Long story short, I paid $20 for The Works wash which amounted to nothing more then an express wash.   Usually I go to Blue Wave Car Wash on Warner Road in Chandler.   It was my mistake to go to Cobblestone and I won't make that mistake again.   I recommend Blue Wave Car Wash in Chandler for a proper car wash.
1	Yes, I did speak with Shawn and he did offer to "redo the wash."   To be honest with you, this was such a poor quality wash of my car that I would not be interested in another wash even if that wash was to be free.   In addition to my previous comments, the inside of my front windshield looked as though it had been wiped down with a dirty cloth leaving nothing but smudges across the interior of the front window.   Thank you for your follow up but I will not be returning to any Cobblestone car wash for any reason.
4	Very efficient service!  Very helpful and kind staff.  I was there for a car wash, the team did a wonderful job cleaning up my messy car.   The prices are reasonable...maybe a bit on the expensive side.  But you really get what you pay for.   The lounge was very comfortable, faux leather chairs, a bank of TVs, etc.  I will come back!
5	Excellent Service, Excellent StaffI recently switched from a different car wash company to this one and I am IMPRESSED! They take great care of the customer from start to finish!Cobblestone you earned my business as well as my wife's.Thanks -Richard
5	I have to admit I was not going to like them. I have had my car washed at different places in the area and they always try to up sell or tell me I need a new windshield.  So driving up to the car wash I had already convinced myself that this was going to be like pulling teeth just to get my Damn car washed! I couldn't have been more wrong! Of course he wanted me to have it detailed but after explaining that I was not going to be keeping the car he backed off and just let me tell him what I wanted.  It was during this conversation that suddenly the suburban behind me ran into my car!!  Scared the hell out of me...well as it turned out it was another employee in the suburban, he immediately came over to make sure I was alright, we checked my car over; luckily no damage just a loose trunk. He got his manager and the wrote up an incident report, told me where to take the vehicle and they would cover any expense.  Then they washed, vacuumed and cleaned my car for free. Needless to say I skeptical about them paying for any damages...I figured it's a nice way to get me put without making a scene.  But, they did just what they promised! Thankfully nothing wrong with the car, the trunk or the axle.  I went back to thank them, they checked it out, changed a brake light and offered me a free complete detailing of my car. Shawn, the manager and Erik were AMAZING! They understand customer service.  I will come back again and again...I can't thank them enough for being honest stand-up guys. Thanks so much!
5	I purchased their "Buy 4 Washes and Get 2 Free" booklet and it's been so worth it. They always do an amazing job at cleaning my car AND they have the perfect shaded seating to sit in while they clean and dry the vehicle. Plus, they have a decent sized convenience store available for customers to grab a cold drink while you wait. They even have a "Monsoon Guarantee" which is certainly appreciated during the stormy season.
3	I recently purchased a Group on for their carwash.  Twice I had to go back and have them re-vacuum it.  I do have a dog but I always pre-vacuum the back seat, figuring that's only fair... This time they left road dirt and some tar on the back of the car.  They weren't very busy so there really was no reason to have missed it.  Not that busyness is an excuse.  I didn't feel the washes were worth the money that I paid for with a Group on and I won't be paying full price!
2	Service is on the decline. They wanted to charge me $20 to armorall my car. I have a 2 door Mustang, really?? They use to be soo good! I always got the supreme and they use to armorall my car which I had to tell them not to do or they would since it came with the package. For $20 I could buy a ton of the stuff and armorall it myself! Next thing you know, they're going to start charging for something else that is included for another $20. What a rip off! Oh and thanks for  "dusting" the interior of my car. They didn't even touch it and that IS included in the package now instead of the armorall. Ps. The seating is in the sun, not the shade.
