4	WOWZA. Let me recount my first experience with Bass Pro Shops. It was a sunny (typical!) afternoon. A Saturday. I was with my father and brother on our way to lunch. The destination: Cracker Barrel. It wasn't my choice and I won't begin to tell you how horrid the food there is. Let's just say it earned the moniker Crapper Barrel and will forever be known as the worst place on earth to eat. Of course, if you've been to Mesa Riverview, you know that nearby the CB is this HUGE sporting goods store. Otherwise known as Bass Pro Shops. It was, of course, opening weekend. My dad and brother dragged me inside. Talk about retail meets theme park meets playground meets the wild outdoors. When you first walk in, you aren't sure what your eyes should settle upon. The flashy boats? The 4-wheelers? The huge fish tank? The gun room? The arcade games? From sling shots to dog collars, we looked it all over. We even spotted a camo bikini. Absurd. I even mounted a couple 4-wheelers and pretended I was flying down the dunes. (It reminded me past years when I used to have a 4-wheeler at my disposal.) I also climbed in a boat and tried out the seats, imagining myself out on the lake, pole in hand. It was reminiscent of the many fishing trips I took with Gramps.Between joking with my Dad and being in sheer bewilderment of the enormity of this place, I had fun. I hate to admit it, but it's true. From admiring the wood furniture to snapping a camera pic of a bull's testicles, I had fun! Granted, I don't so much attribute that to the store. I give credit where credit is due: to my father and his sick sense of humor. I even managed to find some flip flops I convinced myself I needed. Now that's powerful marketing!
5	I love this store. It's so Big, and the decor is on  such a huge scale...
5	This place is amazing!! It almost looks like a Las Vegas hotel!! it has two waterfalls coming off a 20 feet ceiling...there is a large fishtank that has a lot of kewl fishes inside and everywhere you look it is like something from the natural history museum..taxidermal deers, foxes, bears, etc! They have quite a lot of products esp if you are interested in going fishing or camping.  But if you are not interested in buying anything in particular, at least go and take a look at this place....it is soooo much fun! There's even a restaurant inside.
2	I hate capitalism. HATE!!! This place is the epitome of all things that disgust me about living in a capitalist country.  It's huge and full of everything outdoorsy, including a whole table of long-sleeve, button-down shirts with tractors all over them. At the entrance you have to pass through an amusement park-like turnstile.  Are you kidding me?Sections are divided by activity: boating, camping, fishing, hunting.  Ugh.  A city girl like me is completely out of her element here.  And, yes, it is as extravagant as a Las Vegas Casino.The condescending jerk in the camping section treated me like an idiot for asking if there were any Kleen Kanteens still available.  When I pointed the label on the empty shelf that clearly designated this steel water bottle, he changed his attitude, but they still didn't have any.Next: shoes.  I needed Teva-ish sandals for walking through rivers in NC.  Flip-flops: $30+, Sandals: $40+. Luckily I found a salesperson who was nice enough to point me to the sandals on sale for $20.Checkout - they ask for your phone number.  Grr.By the way, if your interested in "culture" they have a 4th Friday Artwalk notice listed at the mini-stripmall behind this monstrosity.
5	I don't actually hunt or fish, but after visiting this place, I'd like to take up those activities. This place is like a giant outdoors amusement park. Everything you could possibly want for outdoor activities is included in this store. I could spend hours in this store just looking at everything they have available. Plus, now I know where to buy the furniture if I ever get a hunting lodge.
3	Rednecks rejoice!  Your nirvana exists on earth.  In Chandler, no less!  While some see Disneyland as a vacation destination, those who buy PBR with welfare checks and name their kids Jethro daydream of visiting the Disneyworld of Redneckdom--Bass Pro Shops.  This place insanely huge and over-the-top theme park-esque. If you're looking for quality camping and hiking gear, go to the AZ Hiking Shack or REI.  If yer lookin tuh gear up fer yer re-enactment of RedDawn, Bass is the place.  Just be warned that some of the dudes in the gun dept are self-important douchetard virgin (not by choice) desert hicks who have nothing better to do than talk down to customers who don't read every issue of Guns N Ammo & Soldier of Fortune from cover to cover every month. So, if you want quality service while shopping for a new gat, Bass Pro is a gamble. If you want to buy a firearm without be talked down to by one of these morons, go to Scottdale Gun Club instead.5 stars for insane, over-the-top merchandising.5 stars for one of the biggest selections of fishing rods I've ever seen.3 stars for prices.1 star for customer service (at least in the gun dept)and negative 3 stars for all the 4' lifted little pecker trucks in the parking lot.P.S.  "Wolverines!"P.P.S. I love this place.P.P.P.S. Cabela's can suck it.
5	I live right near this place and have been wanting to check this place out for a while.  I am not a hunter or fisher, but do have an interest in the outdoors, and wanted to check this place out.For starters, its HUGE.  Beautifully decorated, with ao much detail to everything.  It's obviously decorated in an outdoorsman theme, with animals everywhere!  (stuffed, of course.)  I learned that the animals that they have on display are legally obtained, which means that none were caught by bounty hunting but died naturally, and were taxadermied.The staff here seems great.  I was greeted immediately when entering, and given a store map of what to look for.  (this is also when I recieved the details on all the animals in the store.)While cruising the store, I noticed that they seem to have a huge variety of not only mens and womens clothing, but tons of different products as well, from home decor, to tents, and even some food in there as well!This place is a trip, and worth the stop to check out.  Beautiful!
3	THIS REVIEW IS FOR BASS PRO'S  RESTAURANT Atmosphere, Atmosphere, Atmosphere I make a pilgrimage to this place about every three months. The food is average and overpriced. The service is OK. And there is usually one good Pale Ale on tap and overpriced. It is kinda like going to Disneyland. You know you are going to take in the shorts but you go anyway. You go to live the dream if only for an hour or two. If you ever went fishing as a kid or wished you had,  grab your wallet or purse and eat here asap.
4	We have bought a lot of our marine/boating supplies here, as well as fishing gear. They have a very helpful staff, especially this fishing Dude named Issac, and they have just about everything you'll need for your outdoor enjoyment. However, I don't find their pricing very stimulating... They have an exceptional inventory, but you are going to pay full retail prices here. I prefer to get outdoor gear on e bay or at Walmart, at discounted prices. But, its a very fun place to browse and shop. The restaurant is pretty good too, and also fun!
5	I'm an outdoorsman and a big fisherman.  When I last visited the Phoenix area, I paid the Bass Pro in Mesa a visit.  It's a beautiful store and has everything you need to plan your next fishing, hunting, or camping trip.  The staff is very friendly and they will approach you to ask if you need any help.  Like other Bass Pro stores, this location has a large tank that features largemouth bass, bluegill, catfish, and other sport fish.  It also has a man-made stream adjacent to the big fish tank that contains live rainbow trout - very cool!  I have Bass Pro Shops stores near my home in Alabama, but this location is every bit as good as those.  I've also visited the flagship store in Springfield, Missouri, and it is worth visiting if you're ever in the area.  This is a great place to take children to experience the live fish on display.
5	The older I get, the more I resemble Larry The Cable Guy, so I guess it should come as no surprise that I find myself clothes shopping at Bass Pro Shop. I've been to other franchises of the chain and have always marveled at the sheer scale of this retail operation. Probably ranks up there as best place to hide out and loot during an impending worldwide zombie attack.I was drawn here by their advertised sale on polo shirts, which were a great value at around $13 a pop. Of course, these were the lowest quality of all of the polo shirt selection on hand, so I just bought one, but I threw down a little extra cash for some other better-quality shirts. I liked the color palette they offered, unlike my experience at other retail clothing outlets where the color schemes are tailored to the youngest generation of hip-hop wannabes who apparently can't work enough lime green or pink into their wardrobe.I even bought a "performance fabric" T-shirt for working out in. It was so light and breathable, it felt like wearing an air drape. I'm afraid I can no longer hang with a ratty old cotton T-shirt for my gym togs. It winds up a soggy mess in the bottom of my gym bag anyhow. Now I have wicking technology, antimicrobial, bitchin' synthetic fibers righteously keeping me cool. And the prices were quite reasonable if you avoid some of the overpriced items.And any trip to the Bass Pro Shop is bound to be a window-shopping adventure. I mean, where else can you have access to all manner of sporting goods, durable outdoor gear, and barbeque accessories? They even have a restaurant in the store, which I am told has a decent beer selection. That's for another visit. On this mission, I made sure to curb my manly impulses and resisted the cheese doodles and pork rinds near the checkout kiosks.
5	Big big and a big store. Yeah it is probably overpriced items that sell retail but it is all good. Anyways it is huge and very very very detailed I might say.  Anyways I love going here to look around. You can even buy guns and have a shooting range as well which is pretty cool.
5	Kick ass store. I could go camping in that store and be happpy. Lots of great things and really good prices on most everything in the store. I like the bins they have in the isles. You kind find really cool stuff for cheap in those bins. I like how you can climb up in the boats and check them out. The fude is good try the rocky road. The restaurant in side is cool with a huge fish tank, bigger than the tank in the store. I have eatin there in the past its ok. All the Bass Pro shops are built to match the enviornment. Everything inside you would find in Az. I have been to the Vegas Bass Pro shops to and its very simular but the celling in the fishig department there is so cool. Anyway its a one stop shop for all you outdoor activities from golf, fishing, hunting camping, cooking, clothes, boating, quads, fun bbq sauces and salsas, furniture, wind chimes, and so much more.
3	We took the Girl Scout troop here tonight. They have some free activities for the kids every Tuesday during the summer months. They got to practice a little archery, and after that we sent them on a fake shopping spree. We wanted to see what they would buy for $250. They came back with everything from pooling their money for a kayak to $250 in fresh fudge. It was a fun time.The place itself was not really a place I would go out of my way to shop or feel I need to travel to for supplies. Just a bit too hunter for me, but I can see why it's a popular place. I still prefer LL Bean. :-)
4	Holy GodIf you are an outdoorsey kinda guythen this is your mecca, (provided your an east ender, my assumption is westies go to cabela's)Bass Pro shop is the vatican for east side outdoor worshipers, there are 2 floors of everything from guns (pistols, shotties, rifles) to boats (bass boats, pontoon boats, etc) to gear and tackle of every sort.I bought my dad a measly $50 gift certificate last christmas and we made our pilgrimage here, and holy sheep shit i did not know what we were in for!We spent like 5 hours here, and all we ended up buying was a knife and some 12 gauge buckshot.I recommend checking it out just for the novelty of it all.
4	On your first visit, you will probably go into shock.  This is one of the most amazing stores I have ever visited.  I'm not really much of an outdoors guy, but this store will turn you into one. Just walking around it is awesome.  A great place to visit even if you aren't looking to buy anything.
5	If you are looking to go camping, fishing, hunting, sailing, anything out doors, this is your place.  They even have a restaurant inside.  They have a big fish tank with all sorts of Bass in it.  They have rock climbing and more.  The reason we came here was because we had heard the Santa was going to be there taking pictures with the kids and it's FREE.  You get a ticket for a certain time slot and then you wait in a short line and get one free pictures with Santa.  You can purchase bigger picture packages for a very low rate.  It was impressive.  They have coloring for the kids and a stack of paper so you can write a letter to Santa.  They also have a bunch of little games the kids can play while they are waiting for their time slots. We were in and out and very entertained.
1	BAD SERVICE ALL THE WAY AROUND - DO NOT USE THIS STORE OR THEIR WEBSITE IF YOU ARE INTERESTED IN A GOOD CUSTOMER SERVICE EXPERIENCE!!!! I used to be a fan but no more... I called the store and they stated that they had the item and when I arrived they only had the display item without the box and offered no discount. It was a gift so that was not even an option for me any way. There were no apologies for me spending over an hour of my time driving down there with their promise that they had the item in stock, but made a mistake as it was only the display without packaging. I was told to call their internet sales department. I did. They wanted to charge me an addtional $16.95 for shipping even after I had explained the situation. I could have purchased it from Amazon.com for less money shipped - after you added the tax and shipping from Bass Pro. When I asked the interent rep to speak to a manager he placed me on hold for a few minutes and came back on the line and told me Customer Service was closed. I complained on their website and it states that someone would get back to me the very next day... that did not happen either. Well, the loyalty does not work both ways with this company. I also have a Cabela's in town which will be my first stop from now on. DONE DONE DONE WITH THIS COMPANY!!!!!
4	If you are female, 5'1" and petite, you can find camo pants that actually will fit in the Youths section (store brand RedHead).  Trust me, I looked all over the valley...
5	What more can I say I love this store and go as much as I can I wish I could live in one lol
5	Man this place was like a theme park. They have some 400 stuffed animal trophies, a freshwater & saltwater fish tank, Boats, ATV's etc.  It also has a restaurant, but I didn't try it this time. The prices were good and the shopping environment was spectacular:  Camping, fishing, hunting, boating and the like...  It's a one stop shop.THIS PLACE IS A MUST SEE!
5	Holy bear scat Smokey, what an incredible place THIS is!!!  Someone told me this outfit might have the humble item I was out to purchase today, so I drove over here, totally unprepared for what I would find.First of all, the building is the size of a small town.  Then you enter, & it really is as if you were dreaming it...  just way beyond any store I have ever been in before, EVER, ANYWHERE, CARRYING ANYTHING!  We're talking a sports enthusiast's total Disneyland here!!Beyond this place being breathtaking inside, they DID have the rather hard to find item I was after, & at a low, below "list" price.  On top of all this, the staff was super friendly, too!  Can you imagine?A big "Woohoo" for Bass Pro Shops, Mesa!!     :-))
4	I'm super bothered by the fact that the address shows up too far away to "check in" from the app when you are actually at the store!However, Bass Pro Shop is a gift from God! I love this place with all my heart. They have EVERY sort of camo, fish hook, and sleeping bag you can dream of. You will be a happier person after a trip to Bass Pro Shop!
3	This place is ok if you want to fill a Xmas list for all the hunters you know. They never have any Glock stuff...always out. Took my CCW class here and they were awesome. So it is Hit or Miss on selection.
4	Very nice, you could lose time in here for several hours if you are not careful...
5	Incredible place to shop, even if you are not an outdoors man (girl).  Bass Pro shops have great customer service. I bought two sandals in AZ during a weekend trip.  Well, one of them turned out to be pretty uncomfortable. So I checked their website about returns and you can mail your item back to the store with a note and copy of receipt. They refunded the amount today. And left me a voicemail that they received the package. That is great service.
4	I come here not as a hunter, fisher, or boater but as a parent who appreciates the distraction it provides. My daughter loves to look at the fish and follow the pawprints. The 20 minute break is well worth the free happiness it provides. Oh... if she could just stay 3 forever. She is so much cheaper to entertain.
3	I don't hunt, I don't fish, and no bloody clue about how to trap - but I have to say this place facinates me - I mean they have EVERYTHING for your outdoorsy needs - Gear check, lingerie with camo check, Lazy Boy in Hunting Motif check - 2 stories that go on for miles of stuff - This must be what George Carlin was talking about - but really friendly staff and lots of directionaly signs - so where did they say that freeze dried ice cream was again?
5	I love this place.  We have one in Vegas and I was pleased to see one out here.  It is massive and I enjoy coming in here to browse the boats and the outdoor gear.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rw8YDgz69vqdeu-oLR4W8Q?select=APVssPpowbz3Lb0ob4SAUAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rw8YDgz69vqdeu-oLR4W8Q?select=iwbx1a-HRGvIR4fm8qHJhQI'm not really into the outdoors, but still enjoy window shopping some of this stuff.I am about to go on a camping trip....(I can't believe I just typed that)...and was looking for a 0 degree sleeping bag.  While I was looking for that, I browsed the Golf equipment and the bow & arrows.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rw8YDgz69vqdeu-oLR4W8Q?select=Img8wGILm74mjpwVK-AeGAI want to take archery lessons soon and wanted to price the equipment.Overall, it's always a blast to shop at a Bass Pro Shops.Return Factor - 100%
4	The best place on the planet for Santa Pictures each year.  My kids love visiting this place, and I love that they are always welcomed here.  Its the kind of place that makes me feel on edge as a parent because my kids can't resist the idea of making a run for it and doing something obnoxious like jumping on the ATV's, climbing inside a display tent, or "riding" a pillow fish...but never once have they gotten a sideways glance from a Bass pro employee.  It would seem that even at their most obnoxious, they are welcome here.  I like to tease that the displays are a "zombie zoo" which makes my kids say "maaaawaaaaaaaaaam....they're not even real, and zombies aren't even real either"....I have to allow my son to believe that the displays are made of plastic and fake fur or he'll cry.  Whatever. To each their own.  Its a fun family outing.
4	Since I'm from Missouri, home of the largest Bass Pro, I always have to check-out Bass Pros in other areas.  This location was one of my favorites. It's very large and has a great selection of all your outdoor gear and clothing need.  Need a boat?  They got it!  Unique gifts?  No problem.  Camping gear... look no further!  (sigh)  I love this store!It's sure to be a kid pleaser too.  It has giant aquariums and animals all over.  It even has a giant waterfall and lil river running through the store. :)I've actually been a few times since I moved here.  It's nostalgic for me and when I get homesick I just swing by and buy something I probably don't need. hahaSee ya there!
4	My first ever trip to Bass was overwhelming. Like walking into a Sportsman's Warehouse that had mated with Dick's Sporting Goods, and then gone on steroids. Bass Pro Shops is an outdoor person's dream. And it's good for the whole family, oddly enough!Once you get inside this massive place, you have an upstairs and downstairs. There is a kid's area, a restaurant with fresh fish, a huge women's section and mens, and areas for fishing and boats and hunting and camping and survival and gear for any occasion. You can look at the giant fish tank, climb up a faux rock side for $3, and just be purely entertained for ages. They have snack foods and jerky and sweets. BBQ grills. Do they have guns? I don't know, probably! They have GPS equipment and water bottles and on and on and on. It was exhausting in a great way. My camping/outdoors needs tend to be more mimimalist oriented so I prefer an REI. But I like it here a lot. I picked up some socks that have a lifetime guarantee, and a nice woolen shirt for almost nothing, and a couple of gifts for the hunter/outdoors people in my life back in Tucson.Bass: it is an experience.
5	This review is solely based on my experience with the Firearm Department. I came here to purchase my first handgun and the customer service was top notch. They had at least 4 people behind the gun counter helping multiple people. The associate that help me let me handle several handguns so I could get a feel for the one that fit my needs. He informed me on the differences between a few types of 9mms which was ultimately the weapon I opted for. I purchased a Taurus 24/7 9mm that I felt was priced well. He also helped me determine which handgun cleaning kit was best suited for me. The background check process was smooth as can be and only took about 15 minutes from the time I started filling out paperwork to the point were I was approved. Not only was this a very pleasant first time handgun purchase but the particular associate that rang me up also informed me about their indoor firing range. You can come here for target practice but because I purchased a firearm from here he waived the lane fee for me and my friend and I was able to try out my new gun immediately after purchasing it. The whole process was so easygoing I am considering buying a .380 in the near future.
4	Yes, each of them have a few different things you can't get at the other store but overall, it's basically the east side Cabela's. Ok deals on guns and ammo. Camping and hunting stuff is all about average. They have boats!
4	Over all I enjoy Bass Pro, I just don't care for the prices :/The store layout is great, nice and clean - even though I saw a mouse outside a few months ago!Selection seems good, staff seems friendly, but not overly helpful except in the gun department. Knowledge was good there.Over all a nice store.
5	well dang gummit....git on over here and by me some camo flawj....tha kind that has little dangly moss on it....and while yur at it, i need me a gun....too bad i already have a gun and camo. i use to be a big hunter....deer, dove, turkey, squirrel, ducks etc. it's what you do in south georgia when your fridge is empty and you're hungry. this bass pro shops is ENORMOUS!!!!! i love it. although i don't hunt anymore, my brother and father do, so every year i get gift cards for them from Bass Pro Shops. the gear and guns are more expensive than other places, but their selection is incredible. when my dad comes out here, i can't wait to take him here to see all the taxidermy and fish tanks...i know he'll love it. the staff is usually friendly. the firearms dept is a bit intimidating and the guys at the counter can be smart asses. but this place is just really neat overall. it is also a family retreat, so don't be surprised to see hundreds of kids running wild while their parents let them be terrors.
3	OMG - no I'm not a pre-teen, I only like to talk like one when I'm so excited about a place.This place is amazing.  I never would have considered coming here if my friend had not needed something and promised me lunch if I went with her.  I don't fish or hunt or do most outdoorsy things, but this place is so cool.There is a river and fish and a climbing wall and a fudge shop!  Yes, a fudge shop; with very good fudge BTW.They have everything one would need for the outdoor life and look forward to going back and spending more time going thru most departments (can't see going thru hunting, but you never know).One and only caveat so far, slow check out.  I went there the day after black Friday and was in a long line with only 1 checker.  1.  ONE.  - They finally brought one other person but didn't seem to make much of a dent.  I hope it's not always like this.
4	A true megastore - they designed this outdoor sports store so that you do feel a bit like you're outdoors when you're in the building. The waterfall, aquarium, and recreations of rocky mountain walls make for some interesting scenery as you browse the cavernous space. If you need something for camping, hunting, fishing, or other sports that take you out in the wild, you're most likely to find it here. Just beware ... like me, you'll probably spend more time in here than you intend - there are just too many things and places to explore in this complex.
3	Can you say overpriced? I can, and everything in this store minus their $3 hats is over priced. Cabellas is much better Can't believe Mesa chose this over the Cardinals stadium. They have a lot of things that a person may want but the good things are double what you'd pay online. NEVER EVER buy a gun or a nice knife here you will pay the most. The Ammo is moderately priced but the selection is great Wal Mart and the gun show have cheaper ammo but the nice stuff can be bought here without to much thought. One thing they do that is AWESOME is they will mount and bore sight any scope you have even if you did not buy it from them.
2	Bass Pro is Awesome BUT... Islamorada Seafood Restaurant;WTF!!! What happened here??? This WAS a great restaurant... They used to have great dishes like Grouper and they used to have great staff too... Went back with friends expecting more of the same and was met by a surly manager, waited on by a pissed off bartender (the same one that's been there for years) who wouldn't even recommend anything on the menu... The food prep was fine, so the problem is NOT in the kitchen... Hey guys, wake the F^ck  up...This IS a mangement problem... The staff, even the miserable barkeep, would probably be a little more accomodating if they had a great product and better representation... Hell, most people dont even know there's a restaurant here... Are you just waiting for fishermen's wives to stop by while the old man's shopping? Good luck with that !!!Until you get your act together, I've been deprived of a great lunch or dinner venue... Drop me a line when you have the old menu and attitude back... ...'til then, Good luck with your Fish'n
4	When I saw this place from the 202, I cut over 4 lanes of traffic to make the exit. I was that excited!When I got closer and realized how big it was, even better!This BPro is huge, and even has a restaurant, fudge bar, and a second story with a shooting arcade, acrhery range, and even a classroom.At times, we were swamped with sales associates, at other times, it was difficult to get help (especially when we needed it!)- which can be frustrating.  That seemed to really hold true on Sunday.However, there was a fishing group that has a free seminar that shows off new equipment and even had a contest.  I figured what the hell, why not I will fill it out!So this afternoon I got a number from a 602 area code.  When I woke up and listened to the v-mail, I heard it was bpro... Did they like my shooting skills in the range and want me on their team?  Hell no, I won the contest- and am getting all sorts of cool fishing stuff.  Score!  Only problem is I am 1600 miles away... Maybe I am due for another trip to AZ to get my goods :)This place is a must see if you like wildlife to any extent.  The stuffed animals are plentiful and huge (and scattered throughout), and mixed in with live wildlife.  It almosts makes you feel like you are in the woods!
5	I was able to work out a deal with Janet, who is in charge of promotions. I have only had the pleasure to do business with her over the phone.  She was able to get my items shipped to me, as I received them last night.  They look awesome!  I now have enough poles to take my nephews out fishing :)This is now my new favorite Bass Pro- thanks for everything!
4	I haven't been this overwhelmed with excitement since I went to Disneyland.  Immediately upon entering I was taken back by the decor, fish tanks, waterfall and life like animals on display.  I spent two hours in here, I wanted to see every inch.  The only bad part of the experience was the lady at the fudge stand.  She was not a happy camper but the delicious fudge made up for it.This place is way out of my budget and I would never buy any of the necessities for outdoor life here but I purchased some novelty things and will continue to come back.
4	I would totally work here, but then I would spend all my $$ here. They don't have barbless hooks though. Go figure!
4	I love Bass Pro Shop.   I am just not as fond of their archery department.   If you want Archery Headquarters service and products, go to http://archeryhq.com/.
5	I could spend HOURS and HOURS in this store. They have everything you need or could think of needing for outdoors stuff and then some. The layout of the store is very simple and easy to get around.  We love looking at the fishes. The gun department is our favorite section, and those guys know their stuff for sure!
5	Great place for kids. We make the trip up to check it out about once a month and spend a couple hours. And to Ian B, are you kidding? Two stars because there is dead shit on the walls? Its a hunting and fishing store. Maybe you should dump your tree hugging girlfriend and get one that lives in the real world?
1	so I have been shopping here for the last couple of years, basically since they have opened. I have spent hundreds, maybe thousands in that time on knives, camping gear, fishing equipment, etc. However I have just recently became involved in shotguns and firearms. The last 2 visits were the last 2 I will make to the store. Went in to ask about a pistol and the old short white haired guy was stuck up and arrogant and even laughed at one of my questions. At that point I just walked away. Went in yesterday for some 12 ga. Ammo. Stood in line in the firearms area for 20 MINUTES!! Just to ask their opinion on some hd shells. Was met with the overall "I'm too busy just to answer questions" type of attitude from everyone. I will take my business now to cabelas, dicks, big 5, even ctd in texas before bass pro shop get another penny from me.
4	Great selection and sale items are plentiful. No problem with customer service or finding someone willing to help. Good job guys!
4	A little pricey but Bass Pro has a lot of merchandise and helpful people. Overall good place to pick up weapons, clothing, and accessories, etc.
4	I would've given 5 stars if they carried Duck Commander Duck Calls in store.  What can I say about BPS?  If you're an outdoors person, this is your one shop stop shopping experience.  They have everything you want and could ever need.  Yeah, a little pricey, but it's convenient!!
1	Bass Pro, believe it or not, took a stand with Bank of America against gun rights.  I know that sounds weird, but hear me out, and then research it yourself.  McMillan Firearms (based right here in AZ) had banked with BofA for many, many years.  One day a VP from BofA went and told McMillan that they didn't want to do business with them anymore because McMillan was in the gun business.  Then McMillan asked other gun related businesses do not do business with BofA, but Bass Pro actually came out in support of BofA.  The connection?  BofA runs Bass Pro's credit card network.    I will NEVER shop at Bass Pro again.
5	Wow! We came here on Saturday afternoon. Just to look at everything and check it out. What a wonderful place in it's own way.It was packed, the parking lot was over flowing. I really did not understand why until we got inside. They had turned it into the best place ever for Children. This is the sort of place I wished they would of had when my children were young.They had had Breakfast with Santa that morning. The price was so reasonable.Children under 2 were free and all other children were only $5.99, Adults were $11.99, and they are having it again on the 22nd of December as well.After the wonderful Breakfast with Santa, you could line up and have your photo taken, then they had coloring stations and craft stations.It was decorated like a fabulous North Pole, Willy Wonka Movie set. At least I thought so!There was a wonderful Merry go Round with cool woodland animals on it. Free! Yes I know amazing Free Merry go round and it was a cool one as well.Lots of kid events going on all through out the store as well. Although this place is so huge, it is like a huge amusement park under a covered roof!Upstairs there was a shooting range for kids like the one at the old Rawhide,but it was nice and clean and had taxidermist animals all around.I love Animals ,but I know that hunting is a way of life for some people, so at least Children can see what the animals look like in there real setting here to a point.They have a giant fish tank filled with fish and a stream going through the store that has real fish swimming in it.Then they have a candy shop in side the big store and they were doing free Christmas crafts with the kids as well.They even have a huge restaurant that has a Salt water tank the size of the wall.It is like being in Vegas, at least to me.So if you want a reasonable Breakfast with Santa remember next Saturday the 22 of Dec.
5	Such a fun place to just look around in! They have guns, hunting and fishing gear, clothes, furniture, paintings, a fudge shop! So much too look at! It is two levels and just plain fun! Huge fish tanks and ponds too!
4	Wow, this place is huge! For those that love the great outdoors, you can find a wide selection of goods here. There's also hunting supplies and a selection of firearms in the upstairs area, along with the accessories that one would need to go with those items. In addition, the simulated river and big fish tank with typical fish you might catch is pretty cool to look at.
4	Good quality clothing and darn clean!  I like looking at the boats as well.
4	I really liked this place. Great selection of goodies, especially fishing reels.  They actually had Penn salt water reels. So I bought one. Needed it of course. They had everything I was looking for.
4	Picked up sum bass pro shop kids fishing poles for $15 per. Great but! Gentleman in the fishing dept was very friendly in suggesting items we should try/use. Thanks to this purchase our weekend was amazing & the kids were ecstatic.
4	I don't know where to begin! They have everything for your outdoors needs- camping, hunting, fishing, boats, gear and souvenirs. The other day, I also ate lunch in the restaurant. WHOA! It's half aquarium, half tables and chairs like a real restaurant. It's a pretty cool place and the food wasn't bad either! I had fish tacos and ate them right up! I could probably spend all day in this store!
5	Always an adventure.  Love the Fudge, love the fish, and every display.
5	This is definately a huge store with such large sections of just about everything you need for outdoors. The awesome displays of animals make you want to hunting but they do need some dusting off. Since the store is super busy we did have trouble finding some to ask questions. I noticed some classes going on and a cool shooting range.
4	I don't think that I could possibly add anything more to the reviews that have already been posted about Bass Pro Shops.This is our go to store for camping, fishing, hiking prep.  Great prices, great selection.They have loads of free family "classes,"  and in store special activities.  The kids love to stop in to watch the fish in the big tank being fed or to feed the trout in the river.  Their favorite thing to do is sit at the bar in the restaurant, order fresh fried potato chips and watch the salt water fish in the huge restaurant tank.Good place to explore on a hot Arizona summer day!
5	Bass Pro shops is a good place to find camping, hunting and fishing gear.  It's also just a great place to take walk around or take kids for some fun.  It can get a little pricey but we always find unique gifts or hard-to-find sporting gear here.  The best part about Bass Pro though is all the fish, water falls, preserved wild animals and displays.  You can get lost for hours, if you want to have a lazy day.  They have kids night on Tuesdays with fish feeding and then on Sat and Sun, they have fish feedings at 2pm and 6pm.  It's always a fun place to go on a rainy day.
5	Bass Pro Shop is the bees knees. Literally walking into this place makes me wish I knew how to do every outdoor activity known to man. The store is just awesome. Everything you could every imagine is in here...and more. We got all of our new camping stuff here and just coming here rather than going to another store where you can get all that stuff just gets you pumped up. I like the huge fish tanks too. Also, they have their own brand of bacon jerky by the check outs...we grabbed it to go camping one time and it's DELICIOUS. Even if you think it sounds weird, it isn't, and you won't regret buying it. It's hard not to spend a lot of money here but it's an adventure. I also purchased my favorite pair of Reefs here.
3	I read about kids night online and I thought it was a great idea. You want a person to buy your products? Teach a person how to use your products. When the boys and I got to the archery range we met employee Justin. I let him know the skill level of my boys, which is none. After signing the liability waiver he gave my 9 year old kids bows and then sat down for a break, this concerned me somewhat but he was the expert. While my boys were hitting everything but the targets Justin had nothing to say no advice no recommendations no education. After about 30 minutes another employee showed up and noticed that my right handed boy was using a left handed bow and my left handed boy was using a right handed bow. After having the boys switch bows and giving them a short lesson they started hitting the targets more and the wall and ceiling less. After a few minutes more sitting down was difficult for Justin and he decided that our time was up in a few arrows. I looked to see how long the line of people waiting was and no one was there, Justin was just not in the mood to be helpful.  I don't know who the older employee was as he did not have a nametag but he was definitely helpful. One of the reasons I took the boys to this was to see if they were interested in learning archery and if I should buy them archery items for Christmas.  The answer to that was a resounding NO!!! While the store undoubtedly has the equipment for many outdoor sports it does not have the training. I am not going to buy thousands of dollars in equipment that will probably end up being the wrong equipment. I am not in the habit of buying anything that I do not know how to safely use. I have never been fishing but I would have liked to take them. I have never used a bow but I would have liked to take them. Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day. Teach a man to fish and he will teach his kids how to fish and buy the fishing gear. For the record, every other employee I met was great. From the greeter to the fudge guy to the cashier they were great.
3	I have some mixed feelings about this place. The place looks amazing. I've had a great experience in the gun dept. Those guys are very knowledgeable and helpful. my complaints are with the archery dept. I was looking for a youth compound bow. I asked them to set it up. They said "it's all ready to go" I asked about the eye piece they said they couldn't do it at the time. I took it home to shoot it, I destroyed 3 arrows. I took it over to ROSS OUTDOORS. they tuned it, got it dialed in. And loved it. Thanks to ROSS OUTDOORS.Bass pro installed an eye piece on a friend bows, and dialed it in. I went to shoot it, and the windage adjustment was loose and fell off.Again kudos to the gun department but archery was disappointing.
1	Tried to buy a gun here but the staff could not be bothered; waited 15 minutes before being acknowledged then was told '"it's going to be a while" Huh? I thought the point of retail was to sell stuff?!Horrible service at the gun counter!
3	Evidently I was born without the capacity to care about most of the stuff in the store. My husband on the other hand is like a kid in a candy store and wants to spend hours in here so I have spent more time in Bass Pro Shops than I would care to.If you have the feeling that you are being watched while you are in the store it could be all of the stuffed critters hanging on the wall and in little vignettes that looks like a slightly creepy version of the Natural History Museum.Most of of the merchandise is practical for hunters and fisherman and the general outdoorsy type but some of it is kind of ridiculous - camouflage bed and bath linens? Faux antler toilet paper roll holders? The only part of the store that I personally found interesting was their food section with it's massive collection of hot sauces with pithy names and the in-store restaurant.
2	Was just recently in this store about 45 mins ago to purchase a .308 rifle. Went up to the firearms area dressed in shorts, sandals, and a bright yellow ASU shirt (non typical sportsmans wear) and asked the salesperson what rifles they had in .308 caliber, to see whether he would take the time to offer his insight into the different rifles. Granted he did point out which rifles were available in .308, their was no effort to educate or explain the differences in the rifles. Even a simple, "are you looking for a tactical style bolt action or one that is more of a hunting rifle?" could not be generated by the salesman. So after this I asked to see a Savage model and then a Remington model, both of which I got to handle but with no further information given about these rifles. After that I asked what other rifles he pointed out that were .308, to which he just pointed out the tactical bolt action rifles, even though there were at least 3 other hunting type rifles he had pointed out. I let him know I was looking for more of a rifle to take on hunts but was responded to with little interest to get the other rifles off the shelves. I wonder how he would of acted if I came in wearing my usual Carhartt clothes, had a hunting cap on, and asked to see a Savage 10/110 or 11/111 TH XP, Remington Model 700 SPS, Winchester Model 70, etc.I know this review prob won't make much of a difference with Bass Pro Shops overall rating, but it goes to show how one is treated different if you dress up the non-sportsmans style, have long hair, wear a Turquoise necklace, and don't throw out rifle jargon right away. Wonder if it would of even made a difference had I told him I'm a veteran who loves to go hunting just for the experience and not the trophys.This ain't the first time I've had to deal with this type of treatment at this store. Last year I dealt with the same BS when looking for a shotgun to buy. I ended up just dealing with the BS and purchased a Remington 870 Express Magnum from here solely because of the price on it. But this time I'll go and purchase my Savage 11/111 TH XP from Sportsmans Warehouse not because of the price though, but because of the customer service the salesmen offered there. Bass Pro Shops should teach their gun salesmen to not prejudge someone from the way they dress up. And they should definitely work with these salesmen to spend a little extra time and effort asking what a customer is looking for and pointing out key details or differences in the firearms for the people looking to make one of these firearms their very own.
1	Been shopping at Bass Pro for years back in Springfield Mo.  Was in the Mesa store shopping for camo recliners.  Got a young girl that was helpful, but didn't know the answers to the questions I had.  She got a 'more experienced' clerk/supervisor that when I asked questions...all I got was attitude.  I mean really???  You don't want to sell or order me a $600 chair or 2?  Finally I just walked away and called Springfield and complained.  The person at corp office said to stay there and they would call someone to help me.  I waited...waited...waited...finally left and called Springfield back.  The person there had called a store in California....not Mesa.  Really Bass Pro???  Get your crap together.Now buying the chairs from Cabelas.
4	Absolutly a great place to take kids to learn about the outdoors. Watch for special holiday activities and demonstrations.
3	Came here to buy some ammo while I was in the area and nobody in the store was helpful. This could be because I was there around Christmas time or just because that's how their service is on a regular basis. Asked around to try to find the ammo and I was looking for and was told "I don't know" several times..ended up going to the Walmart next door and the lady at the paint counter there was more helpful in helping me get the ammo I was looking for. I'll try coming here again but won't make the extra trip across town.
4	Tons of stuff to get if you like the outdoor activities...
3	I am both drawn to...and repelled by...Bass Pro Shops.I like the inside layout and product selection.  Lots to see and choose from.It appears that they don't sell any junk, all the products, in every category was of good quality. They also aren't giving any of it away.  Not the place to go, in general term, if you are after deals.  They have a great collection of firearms and accessories.  Nice selection of clothing and shoes too.  All kinds.  Prices are kinda high....but it is very nice stuff.  Customer service is pretty basic....regardless of the area.  Don't expect the person you ask for help to actually know the answer and you may be pleasantly surprised when they do.  Chances are if you do buy something you will wait in line to checkout.  Lots of registers, never seen more than two operating.  All said, this is a cool spot, with lots to see and purchase.
5	Everything you could want under 1 roof!  Fishing, hunting, camping, climbing, you name it.  Plus a pretty cool restaurant.
5	This store rules.The employees are all very knowledgable on the gear in their department, and are always happy to help out.  One of the things I like about Bass Pro is that I can go and talk to them about what they recommend.  They've been very helpful any time I've asked for help picking out anything from backpacking gear, hunting binos, or even the best storage bin to store my camping gear.  They really take the time to help you out too, not just trying to answer your questions and move on.I also really like that they have a lot of classes and interactive things you can do aside from shopping.  The whole place gives off a really friendly and fun vibe, which makes me find any excuse to go.  The food at the attached restaurant was surprisingly good too.
3	I've never had any type of exceptional service or anything here. But I do like the store and I hear they have fun stuff for the kids every week but I never seem to make it to them.
5	Take the kids and just go check it out....AMERICA!!!!-Best review ever!!!
5	Best place for an outdoorsman to get all his/her needs. There are so many products here I was getting dizzy looking at all the different things.. From fishing equipment, hunting, boating, camping, and there is even a restaurant. I would suggest that you go in there and know what you are getting cause if you have no clue to what you are getting you will get a brain malfunction like I did there was so much products I did not know what to get..on the other hand I'll probably go back with a plan to get something.. Awesome store overall!!!
5	Great place to take the kids. Good for a couple of hours of entertainment. So much outdoor stuff to see.
5	Fantastic selection of STUFF.  I'm not an hunter but I think the display is interesting.  The big aquarium is neat for checking out a few of the various kinds of fish that inhabit the lakes and streams of our country, but it's kinda hard for me to actually tell em apart.  They have a good clothing selection for men and women as well as some good deals on the off season apparel.Bass Pro Shop also provides seasonal activities for the entire family.There's the target for adults and kids upstairs.   A great selection of camping supplies.  Grills, dehydrators, coolers,  smokers, meat grinders, fishing supplies, traps, just so many different things.This place is a store within a museum.
4	The store is huge and very entertaining to walk through. The aquarium in the elevator is very neat! Its a wonderful place to take your kids, and better yet they even offer free activities every now and then. It gets 4 stars because they never have the ammo I need (yes I know about the whole lead thing, but at least other stores give you tips as to when they restock) and it is kind of pricy. I like to fish and I can find some of the exact same bait at Walmart for a much better deal. Their poles are good too, but again, just for a little fishing trip you can't beat walmarts $12 flip reels. Here you can get a rod for cheap, but it doesn't come with a reel. Honestly for my sportsman needs I prefer to shop somewhere else, but I just like to come to this store and look around. Just don't go if animal heads freak you out!
4	Great store for the kids. Tons of animals in the wall and live fish that will get your kids loving the outdoors
4	Hubby always wants to stop in when we're in this part of town. I like it because it's clean and has lots of benches to sit and wait for your significant other to finish wandering. My kids love it because they can check the fish and wild game out.
5	Nice range i guess not too pricey if you bring your own ammo and ears and targets lol love the scenery of it and the staff is pretty nice too
4	I love Bass Pro! I'm a hunter, fisherman, camper, hiker, etc. Bass Pro Shop has it all, and typically, it's all at a decent price. Not only do they provide awesome products and killer displays, but they also provide really cool activities for the kids throughout the week! Definitely worth checking out.
3	Decent place. Much bigger than Cabellas. They are NOT pet friendly. Although one person we asked said yes, another said no. Apparently, they are not. Their prices are a little higher than Cabellas.
5	Great Customer Service.  Really nice store. The restaurant is good. The aquarium is cool.
5	I just picked up a grinder for $60 less than I could get it online so I am a little jaded.  This is an incredible store and the designer should be winning some kind of reward.  All I can think about as I walk up to store is "this is where I'm coming when the zombies come"  :)Great selections, good staff, good prices and I've never seen more than two people in line in front of me.  I haven't ventured into the clothing there but I did pass a few specials for great deals.  Great place for kids too.
4	I love this place and so do my kids!  Tonight I went for fishing gear for the kids.  This is an area I know nothing about.  Brad in the fishing department was very friendly and very helpful.  He spent a good 10-15 minutes with me helping me to pick out the right trout fishing equipment.   Thanks Brad!This place caters to kids with activities for them on Tuesday nights and occasionally on weekends.  Check out their website.
4	This here be redneck Disneyland. Can be on the expensive side, but they got taxidermied critters everywheres!
3	I strictly shop sale items and have found many good values in pants, shirts and a few other things.I found shoes and boot section disappointing. I felt they hada good selection of sleeping bags.
5	We love bass pro! It's fun just to walk around and look at everything.  I do wish they could keep ammo stocked but no sporting store seems to be able to do so.  I won't hold that against them.  I also wish they allowed dogs.  My dog loves to go to home depot,  Lowe's and cabellas and I'm sure he would like to visit bass pro!
5	I don't hunt. Seldom fish. Don't boat. Haven't camped in years. Why on earth is this guy at Bass Pro Shops? It's a fantastic store for kids, especially around the holidays.On this day, a week before Halloween, we had a free photo with the Peanuts gang, held on tight for a merry-go-round ride, did some quality Crayola coloring work, completed a free foam pumpkin refrigerator magnet craft, looked at giant fish in an aquarium, rode two elevators, crossed bridges over a stream full of fish, tried out a tent, imagined the wind in our hair on some all terrain vehicles, sampled some pumpkin bread, and bought... oops, we forgot to buy anything.Thanks Bass Pro Shops. We promise to remember to buy something when we come back for Christmas!
5	Love love love Bass Pro! We typically only come once or twice a year. Whenever my dad comes to visit (he is a big hunter) and during the Santa's Workshop event. The kids love the carousel, crafts, games, activities, and of course, meeting Santa and his reindeer! It has been the same Santa the last 2 years which makes it even better, and I'm 99% sure that beard is real! We like to roam the shop and check out the fish tanks, walk across the bridge over the stream and play over in the children's area. The staff is always very friendly and the store is well kept. Did I mention your photo with Santa is FREE? Also, the restaurant attached is delicious! We will definitely be going back this year!
2	Writing this review makes me angry because I have always loved this store. Being from the Midwest, I enjoy looking at everything this huge store has to offer. The staff is always sweet and helpful--unless you are a woman shopping for a gun. I was prepared to drop over 600 dollars on a particular gun that I had been looking to buy for a while. I tried to get the attention of many of the salesmen but I watched them repeatedly skip over me to address the needs of other clientele, who of course were all men. And it wasn't that they just didn't see me. Here I was with cash in hand, knew what I wanted, and nobody would help me. The ironic part is, not one of the other customers actually bought anything. I took my business to AJI instead where they were more than happy to sell a little lady the revolver she's always wanted.
2	The Christmas Village they had for the kids was awful.  They gave out appointment times forcing you to hang out at the store for an hour before you could take a picture with Santa. Once you came back at your assigned time you have to wait in line for another 40 minutes. The electric train wasn't working and the r/c trucks for the kids to play with were dead. It is a very nice store but the Christmas area was a poor effort on their part and in no way lives up to the advertising.
4	Fun place.  Huge aquarium.  Games,  a restaurant,  free gift wrapping,  and free pictures with the slightly creepy Santa Clause.
1	Typically this place is great but sadly enough we will never be back to Bass Pro due to the horrid experience we received. After driving an hour to take our 1yo son & 3yo daughter to see Santa we were told its a 6 hour wait. It would be understandable if they would Inform customers about there obnoxious wait time. To make things worse we brought this issue to management & spoke to Carly & she was extremely rude & could care less that we drove an hour & kept making excuses about how we should have called ahead of time even though we did & we could not get through to anyone that knew the wait time. This is a great marketing strategy to get people in the door but in the end you lost a Customer & complete respect from us. It's sick knowing managers like Carly can even hold that position due to her disrespect and lack of care. The best part about the situation is we spoke to one of the employees at the start of the line "whom was very polite" & he mentioned that the issue has been brought up to management & there corporate office & it has not been addressed. This negative review would not even exist if management would have just acknowledge the issue & apologized instead of making excuses & roiling there eyes. Thanks Carly
5	Came to Bass Pro Shop with my 7 year old daughter to see Santa. We got to the line and were told they are out of passes. My daughter welled up with tears but said that was ok, Santa knew her anyway. The store manager overheard and tracked us down in the store. Seems they found a pass that someone couldn't use. Earned a huge, beaming smile from my daughter and my business for life. Thank you Bass Pro. Merry Xmas!
1	Brought my kids to see Santa at 7pm and because we weren't there at 1230 to get tickets my kids couldn't see him and left bawling!!!  We went last year and didn't need tickets so we had no clue we needed them. The managers were beyond rude and had no customer service. We have frequented this store quite a bit however we will never go back and we will let others know about the horrible experience we had tonight!
4	We walked in looking for some fun things to do in the back yard like BB guns and archery items. It was pretty crowded but that wasn't a shock since we were there just a couple of days before Christmas. The only reason I can't give the store 5 stars is how hard it is to find certain departments. You either have to have been there before and know where things are or just ask where to find what you're looking for right as you walk in. Once we found the archery stuff (up stairs in the back) the staff was fairly knowledgable and very nice. They took the time to walk us to where certain recommended items were and explain everything and all of the price differences.
4	Love this place! I have a ton of friends who are involved in a lot of different sports and anytime they need anything we head out to Bass Pro Shop! The last adventure we went on was a shooting expedition! We were able to get all the ammo we needed, we also picked up clay pigeons for a decent price, safety gear and some boots! In and out within about 20 minutes, no fuss!! It nice to be able to get everything you need all in one VERY LARGE shop, with lots of choices and decent prices! Random side note, I also like this place because each time I go in I see decorations I have not seen before (stuffed animals, different fish) lots of random wilderness things to take it! Just randomly fun for me! :)
