5	So I live in the ghetto and this is the Home Depot I go to even though there is one a tad closer to my house. The staff here is always very friendly and very very helpful! On my recent trip Denny in the hardware section was beyond helpful, I wouldnt have been able to complete my project without his help! The Hubs and I also purchased carpeting from here for our bedrooms. They look great and were installed quickly!
3	I guess it's an okay place. Out of the many times I've been here, I only get greeted or even helped a handful of times. Countless employees walk by and no one really says anything or even looks at you for that matter. You kind of have to find them if you need help. Aside from that, store is actually pretty clean.
2	Not a whole lot to be said for this Home Depot. It's about the only game in the area and they seem to know it. In the trips I've made here, I've only been in and out when I didn't need to interact with the staff -- and, even then, I've been delayed 10+ minutes bc their spray paint cans didn't have the HD UPC stickers, resulting in three employees getting involved. You're probably going here but, you know, just have an idea of what you are in for.
1	I hate it when I call a store and can't get a live person on the line or anyone to pick up the phone once I've been transferred--which was the case with the plumbing department at this location. You suck.
3	Home Depot got everything you need to fix or remodel your house or anything in that matter. The place is huge and can use more employees to assist customers. Waited awhile to get my key copy but nobody came to assist me. But it's alright I was in a hurry.
2	It was rough, real rough. My blood pressure just skyrocketed from purchasing some concrete and rope. Grrr.
1	this place has the worst customer service ever. the employees there will often try and make you look like a fool also not wanting to help you at all to find what you're looking for and if you purchase something and get the warranty on it if it breaks chances are they will not warranty it out for you. they will tell you that you have to contact manufacturers of the merchandise and send it in. which isn't right at all since you purchase the warranty through  Home Depot and bought the item at Home Depot.
4	As a female who doesn't know a lot about different tools and everything it takes to do certain projects, it's a little discouraging asking the experienced professional employees for assistance at Home Depot. It's like they talk to you in legal jargon that you don't understand and tell you to go to certain isles where you can find what you need. They're very informed about the products in their department and usually pretty friendly, but they definitely keep it moving. So, from that point you're on your own to figure it out. Duh That's why there's the DIY channel on TV.
5	Hello all who read this review, I am the new manager for this location and look forward to helping improve the feedback from the reviews below. If you are ever in the store and in need of assistance please reach out to any of the mangers in the store or email me if needed Dana_J_Hogue@ HomeDepot.com . Please join us the first Saturday of the month every month to enjoy our FREE kids workshops!! Shopping around for any big projects we guarantee the best pricing period! Thanks again!
1	came in Sunday to buy a new Christmas tree could not find any help!! asked the door greater if he could direct me to a sales person or help they said service counter .stood there for a least 10 min  finally i started to whistle and yelp for someone to acknowledge  i was there ,, so a girl comes out from behind the curtain at the service counter asked if i had been help i told her no ,and she told me someone other than her was going to acknowledge i exists.tree i wanted was 149.. bucks ,thank goodness i left and went to walmart 89 same tree believe it or not better service WOW WALMART BETS HOME DEPOT FOR SERVICE !!!
4	Kudos to this Home Depot (and maybe others).  The remaining stock of live Christmas trees is free (as is) today.  Nice, HD!!
2	To be completely honest I hate this Home Depot . It is in a horrible part of town and the "workers" ill call them are EVERYWHERE. I pull into Home Depot around 530 am and about 15 ft into the lot I have "workers" practically throwing themselves at my van trying to wave me down . Also other pet pieves is that since there are so many out here (20-30) no joke every day, They have people strolling around on bikes selling you tamales, ice cream, and those chips and salsa. And my biggest laugh was during lunch one day i was working at the Carls Jr and there were about 10 of them playing soccer in thw parking lot!!! WOW Now I have no problem with them trying to get work and make a living but when you bring 50+ people to a business Lot and it turns the lot into your own private soccer field and stadium with vendors that just drives me nuts.
