3	After reading the newspaper highlight of this place, I decided to check it out since it's so close to my work. The newspaper article might explain why the place was so busy today.The staff was polite and courteous, however they were very busy. We still got our food in a reasonable amount of time, the time it took to get the bill is another story. I had the lox platter which included cucumbers, olives, a pickle, tomatoes, lox, red onions, cream cheese and a bagel. It was delicious! The lox were fresh and thick, not skimpy scraps like some bagel places tend to have. The pickle was so fresh you could almost think they had pickled it the day before. I also had a side of potato salad, which was a little bland for my personal taste, but I'm used to southern potato salad with Mamaw's sweet pickles in it. My coworker enjoyed the pastrami sandwich and said it was wonderful. There was a lag in the time it took us to pay our bill because of their credit card systems going down, but I'm not going to hold that against them. I'll more than likely do take out next time!
4	My family and I walked into Levy's about 3 minutes before their closing time, 8:00, anticipating sub-par service and food. This was anything BUT the case. When we walked in, we were warmly welcomed by the Chef, our waitress, and the owner. We were promptly taken to our seat and given our menus.The menu was generously-sized and offered a nice accoutrement of deli classics, such as deli sandwiches, and several dinner entrees, such as the stuffed burger.I ordered the hot open-ended corned beef sandwich with gravy, my dad the stuffed burger with mushrooms, and my mom the stuffed cabbage. To start, I ordered a nice bowl of Matzo ball soup, which was good, but not the best I have tasted. My mom ordered a nice salad which was pretty good, and my dad the split-pea soup, also good. We promptly received our meals, and were genuinely surprised about both the quality and quantity of the food! Each meal was nicely proportioned, and came with a choice of sides, which we got potato salad (Not that good). My sandwich was tremendous, as was my dad's burger, so we opted to split ours and share them. The Sandwich was tasty, although I wouldn't get it again, and the burger was delicious, as it was served on what seemed to be a round slice of challah. After gulping down our meal, we asked if we could buy any bagels to take home, but alas, we arrived close to closing time, and they had already thrown them all out. However, they let me in on a little secret, if you come at 7:30, they will give you however many and whichever bagels you want, for FREE! The bill came and it was very reasonably priced for the amount of food we received. After we paid, the waitress gave us a FREE loaf of Challah (Jewish braided bread) and were ecstatic. We talked to the owner afterward briefly, and left the restaurant, pleased, and full. :)
5	I really like the personal feel of mom & pop shops like this. I can see their hardwork in the  food quality, which is top notch.  The bagels are definitely superior to the hum-drum standard fare available in Vegas (The lox is super! - already noted by other reviewers).  Levy's is definitely a gem. I'll definitely be going back to them for another delicious homemade meal.
3	4 times during the year, I have to work weekends intensely. I'm talking about a 7 day work week, 200 conference calls, at least 10 hours a day...yes that is quarter ends for me. During these weekends, I like to make myself feel better by getting an amazing breakfast and coffee to start the day. Cutting the long story short, I ended up at Levy's because Red Velvet didn't open early enough (they're right next to each other). This is a bakery/deli run by Jewish people. Lots of interesting items like Challah French Toasts, Pickled Green Tomatoes and for the omnivore, Matzo ball chicken soup etc. I ordered oatmeal with brown sugar and bananas and a plate of fruit. To go. The order takes about 20 minutes to prepare. They have about 5 people working in the kitchen and 2 tables of customers. It's oatmeal guys...and cut strawberries/cantaloupe. Not rocket science. Then came the drama of getting the bill. The woman at the counter was going on and on to a customer about the woes of AMEX fees. Yes...they are high...you can choose not to accept AMEX cards. I was going to use my AMEX but decided against it. After a 20 min wait for food I had no patience to listen to a tirade against a credit card company. She asked me what I had. I said "Oatmeal and Fruit." She rang me up at $5.95. I paid, left a tip and was ready to gather my items when suddenly she wails..."That's not it! You got the fruit plate...that's more!" I ask her how much I owe. She spends another 5 minutes playing with the calculator. Really guys? It's a calculator. The bill came up to another 3 dollars. I gave her 4 and ran out of there. I was going to give them 2 stars for the above mentioned experience, a $10 fruit and oatmeal breakfast (very steep) and also because I thought the bagels at Einstein's looked more appetizing than theirs...but then when I got to work and had the oatmeal...it was really good. Thick steel cut oats and brown sugar in a milky concoction. They redeemed themselves just slightly. Maybe they deserve another try.They are a local, family owned restaurant and serve lots of interesting and traditional items...I mean, how many Jewish places are there in town to eat at right? But they need to get their act together. Most customers don't really want to know your gripes with credit card processors and don't need to wait 20 min to get oatmeal and then wait another 5 min for them to perform simple math.  I thought Red Velvet Cafe was slow on the service but these guys are probably a little worse. I might visit again only if Red Velvet's closed!
3	Had brunch here a few weeks ago with my wife. As usual we split our meals. I ordered a breakfast burrito with avocado, green chiles, and bacon. It came with two sides; I chose a sesame bagel with veggie cream cheese and sliced tomatoes. It was all good but forgettable. The breakfast burrito was kind of small but was about the right size considering it came with two sides. My wife got the Challah French toast stuffed with bananas. It was quite good and was some of the best French toast I have had recently. Overall we enjoyed our meal, but I am not sure we will be back as there are better places in town.
4	This is a very good mom-and-pop Jewish deli with owners who have years of experience in the biz. They have good salads - whitefish, chopped liver, herrings - good homemade knishes - and a great bakery section with fresh challah (very good), rugelach (excellent) and hamantaschen (pretty good).Oh, and I forgot the bagels, which are awesome. Other items I've eaten include the excellent bagel dog, which is wrapped in an onion bagel dough; Cabbage borscht - good with chunks of beef; matza ball soup - good with nice chunks of chicken and vegetables, but I've had slightly tastier at Bagel Cafe; latkes- good; kishke - okay, better at Carnegie Deli; the gravy for the kishke was an interesting lighter gravy than the typical brown. The stuffed cabbage is good as well. Surprisingly enough for a deli maven like me, I have yet to try their pastrami and corned beef sandwiches; however, rave reviews of their corned beef hash were posted on the wall. For my money, Levy's and Weiss Deli have better smoked whitefish than Bagel Cafe, which is too chunky and lacking the necessary smokiness. Owners are very nice, especially if you know your way around a deli. Almost a five, just for all the homemade Jewish goodness and variety here; however, could use a few more traditional Jewish dinner entrees.
5	Great reubens and bagels here! The staff is really friendly and makes you feel at home. I don't buy my bagels anywhere but here.
5	This is the 2nd time I've been cross town and tried this lovely Jewish Deli.  The bagels are worth the drive from Green Valley!   Indeed, I was taught as a young girl growing up near Fairfax that water bagels were the only way to go.  Recently  I've been sick and wanted a memory of my youth - homemade Chicken Soup.  It was wonderful.  Even took extra to take home and had it again for dinner.  The Motzah Balls were like grandma used to make.  The right amount of flavor, not too fluffy and not hard as golf balls like Aunt Elaine's!  Two men seated near us suggested the brisket sandwich.  It was terrific.  Not like the brisket nicely made at Whole Foods smothered in Bar B Q sauce, but flavorful in its own right, cooked just right served on 2 lovely pieces of Jewish Rye.  No, the sandwiches aren't piled 1' high like that other place in town.  Who needs 1500 calories for a sandwich?  Here you find exceptional quality at a fair price.  Don't forget to ask for extra "half sour" or "green" "new" pickles.  I'm a huge fan of the crunchy dill pickle.I travel to Summerlin once a month and look forward to my next visit.  Hope to go early and experience an old fashioned Jewish breakfast!
5	Levy's Deli was truly as good as it gets.  My aunt died last week and all of us came to Vegas from all over the country.  I was put in charge of catering the shiva after the funeral. Marie was an angel, the food was beautiful and plentiful.  The challah is excellent, as is the rye.  The rugalach is old school, flaky and delicious.  Definitely not the crap you find in the grocery store.  Honestly, I wish that I could visit Levy's again.  They rival any L.A. Jewish style deli.Thanks again Marie!
4	My third time to Levy's.  Today we had lunch.  On my first visit we popped in for bagels and coffee.  No lattes, cappuccino, or espresso. BOO! However, the bagels are perfect! Boiled first, as a good bagel should be, creating a lovely outer shell with a chewy center.  Toast it, slather with butter and cream cheese and voila! Breakfast of champions.  Good coffee too.  Admittedly, I was hooked.  Went back just days later for another awesome bagel.  Stick to the regular cream cheese.  The veggie cream cheese dissapointed....really just bell peppers mixed in.For lunch, I had a half chicken salad sandwich on an everyhting bagel with a "cup" of chicken and brown rice soup and a soda.  $13.  Served with a delicious pickle too!  I use the word "cup," but it was bowl sized if you ask me!  The chicken salad is creamy and yummy with big chunks of chicken.  No canned or shredded imposters here.  The soup was served HOT which makes me happy! Momma had a turkey reuben on housemade rye bread.  Approximately 1 lb. of meat piled high; served with pickle and choice of potato salad or coleslaw.  She claims its the best! And I quote,  "Deeeeelicious!"Friend had philly cheesesteak.  Wasn't a fan.  Bread was good but meat was bland.  Expected...shouldn't order an Italian sandwich in a Jewish deli.We also had 3 raspberry butter cookies.  These buttery shortbread treats melt in your mouth!Service is friendly and attentive but slow.  Don't go here if you are in a hurry.  Things take a little longer than they should but worth the wait!Also, Levy's has a big menu.  Breakfast with corned beef hash, pancakes and more.  Burgers, salads, bagel dogs, lox, knish, perogis and so on...Can't wait to go back!
4	Their challah lately is giving Weiss a run for it's money! Excellent!
4	I stopped yesterday to buy some bagels in my quest for better ones than I get at the big chain.  I had a salt bagel this morning, and it was quite good.  I really look forward to going back and having some lunch.  Levy's appears like it will be my stop for bagels more often.
3	This place was just ok. I'll probably never go back, though. I got a bagel dog and it was huge but it was too much bagel and not enough anything else. There werent any sauces or spices to jazz it up and it definitely fell short. Also got a "linzer tart". It was a flavorless short dough tart with some old raspberry jam on top. They shouldnt call it a linzer tart because its quite far from that.
1	Service was terrible and not accommodating of dietary needs. What I ended up with, because they wouldn't substitute anything was a very small and way over-priced meal. Server knowledge also lacking, which could've been fine, but information was made up to tell us what was thought we wanted to hear. When it turned out it was the opposite of what "we wanted to hear," the server THEN checked with the kitchen, who magically gave the opposite answer. We also sat for 5-10 very long minutes while the server started the two tables that walked in after us.  It was just a really annoying experience for what should have been a quick lunch.
1	This place would not last a day in New York. The owner is an absolute moron who thinks he has perfected the way to cook meat. Until you actually try the meat. He might serve you a pound of meat, but 3/4 of the meat is laced with fat. I ordered the brisket and a cup of matzoh ball soup. Well Robert Levy uses lipton cup of noodles in his soups, not real noodles. His brisket was texas style, tough and fatty, not even close to Jewish deli standard-bearer Carnegie. The place was empty at 12:30pm which should tell you something. Go to the Mirage and spend $5 more and you nwill get a real "jewish" deli standards. This guy should have stayed retired.
4	We have been coming here since it opened a couple of years ago, and it always hits the spot.  Yesterday we had omelets, potatoes and bagels, for lunch, and it was so filling we didn't even want dinner later.  We enjoy the bagels, which are made right on-site, because they are crisp and not overly-doughy like Einstein's.  We took some chopped liver home for sandwiches tomorrow.  Service is friendly
4	Any deli that can make me think of home is a keeper in my book. This place would've been 5 stars had it not been for the owner who is a complete prick.When I walked in there was only 1 old couple eating lunch and I wanted a few pounds of deli meat and a half dozen bagels. Not only did it take 10+ minutes I also basically got berated by the owner for asking for a sample of the corned beef. I am pretty picky when it comes to corned beef and wanted to make sure it was worth the $13.95 a pound before I paid. He acted like I had just taken a shit in his cereal and I found it to be in poor taste...even if I had dropped a deuce in his wheaties. I'll be back here often, but I really hope the owner either stays away from customers or learns that the Jewish deli business is about getting to know your customers and being a kind human being.
4	Was a really good pastrami sandwich, even the potato salad was good! So was really surprised that this little deli could pull off a nice lunch for a change... Prices were a bit steep but I understand because they use quality ingredients! Will be back again.
3	Wait...this place was voted "Best of?" (It even says it on the outside of their building.) This place was decent.  However, it in no way can compete with Bagel Cafe.A friend of ours recommended this place, after he had discovered their bakery cookies.  We decided to get breakfast.I had 2 eggs scrambled with bacon, onion and cream cheese.  It was very good.  The price was perfect.  However, my husband had a bagel sandwich, and we were a bit disappointed.  For a place that prides themselves on being a NY deli, their bagels are pretty bad. Sorry. They're small and flavorless- my husband described it as being "just like those 'Lender's' bagels in the freezer section."Their bakery treats are very good though.  Macaroons and Chocolate Susans are awesome.  I wasn't a fan of the Mandel Bread.  The bread itself was great, but I don't like chocolate chips AND raisins in it.For the price, this place is pretty decent.  Come here for the bakery, or some brunch, but dont come to have a great bagel.
1	I would have loved to review the food here but unfortunatly I never got the chance. My wife and I went to Levy's yesterday around 12:30 with a groupon. When we got to the empty restaurant we were seated and handed the waitress the groupon. She informed us  that the ticket was only for dinner and that dinner started at 1pm. They are only open until 3pm on Sun and Mon. The coupon was for a potatoe pancacke, 2 sandwhiches and 2 drinks. I asked her if there was a different menu for lunch and dinner and she said no it was the same. She said we could hold onto the coupon and use it next time we come. I was amazed that they would not honor this coupon for 30 minutes in a dead restaurant. I asked to speak to the manager who came over to us with such an attitude. She did not even say hello or ask if she can help. She just told us that they dont serve dinner on Sunday and Mon and that the coupon was only good for tues-sat. When I told her that it did not say that anywhere on the coupon she told me that they have the right to make up whatever hours they want on it. I informed her that I work swing shift and my only days off are Sun and Mon and she said that was not her problem and we should have called first to see what hours they would honor the coupon. Right then and there I knew we were dealing with someone who had no clue  about customer service and gave up. Being a native New Yorker and always looking for a good jewish deli, I was very disappointed that we didnt get to try  the food. I would not go back there if the meal was free. With so many choices in Las Vegas a place like this does not deserve to be in business a minute longer.
5	I found the best Kosher style Jewish deli in Las Vegas; don't know why owners were keeping it a secret?The restaurant was almost 80% full; yet two servers were greeting/sitting/talking orders in polite kindly manner. Rewarding to see workers in service industry conduct themselves in professional manner, I would assume owners influenced and or trained staff. I saw other customers piled high assorted sandwiches being served and wanted to check out deli meats in display counter; same as being in Smith's, owner offered me a sample tasting of juicy corn beef, which being from New York was like a letter from home. When my sandwich arrived I couldn't believe my eyes, plate was large and sandwich which had to be over a  1/2 pound of New York deli meat hardly fit on the plate, in fact French fries and other sides couldn't fit on same plate therefore were truly side dishes. Probably most generous portion of deli meat I have ever attempted to eat, as a matter of fact I couldn't finish and requested like so many other customers I saw requesting take out box. Pickle was crunchy, rye toast grilled just right with juicy corn beef made wonderful eating experience, although $11.95 for  1/2 lb sandwich sounds expensive, but after eating in many other Las Vegas, Florida, CA. or east cost deli's with higher prices and receiving my selected satisfying sandwich, I feel good about my choice, didn't mind price paid and can't wait to try a mouth watering Reuben or Angus brisket on my visit.  Young couple eating at table next to me had turkey sandwich and home made matzo ball soup, bowl had real fine egg noodles which weren't instant Lipton's, matzo balls, vegetables and of course plenty of chicken; women's turkey sandwich was stacked so high, like me, she too requested a box to take home generous balance portion of sandwich. I heard one comment from another customer using high quality food items "I don't know how owner can make money giving such large portions". Many of the customers were senior citizens from east coast area brought up eating in delicatessens  and know what they want understanding quality and value. Besides eating there today, many of them were placing catering plate orders for upcoming holidays, I am sure its not the same as mothers  cooking and every bodies tastes is different, however if restaurants can get food consistently close to what one remembers as good home cooking; that's worth little extra money spent.  Because Levy's Bagel & Deli was so busy today, they had to bake additional amount of assorted bagels, so on the way out I picked up a dozen to take home, owner informed me, slice bagel in half before freezing, following morning put in toaster for fresh tasting delightful bagel made the old fashion New York boiled and baked method way. I now understand why LVRJ posted two excellent reviews and Yelp recommending Levy's is one of the best spots in the city along with "People Love Us on Yelp" seal posted on window.  Yes some have written negative reviews confirming you can't please all of the people all of the time, but satisfying the majority isn't bad, I would recommend Levy's and plan to frequently return, only way to find out is try for your self.
2	We had a coupon from groupon, so that is why I think the stuff we got was less than if we bought it at full price.     It came with two potatoe "pancakes" more like hockey pucks! very dark and hard.     The sandwich we both got was pastrami and because they had two prices $9.95 and $11.95 ( the coupon was for $10.95) we opt to pay for the 1/2 lb meat instead of the 1/4 lb meat.   I swear, that we got ripped off and got the smaller one!   The server brought me the sandwich with coleslaw on it, so I returned it.     When he brought the sandwich it was pretty small for $11.95 and the server said it was "weighed" first.     The woman at a table across from me ordered the same sandwich and it was so big she couldn't open her mouth to eat it!     I will go somewhere else and order pastrami to take home.   Not going to pay $25 for 2 sandwiches!!!
5	Some of the best bagels and baked goods in town! Friendly staff behind the counter, the place is always clean, and they have yet to run out of my favorite bagels in the morning. I have no review for the waitstaff as I have yet to dine inside the deli, however, I do wish to change that soon.
5	Once again, Groupon makes me try new places. I had the dinner for 2 Groupon and decided to check it out when I saw beef tongue sandwiches on the menu. I love the stuff (so much that my dad once brought me back a full pound of beef tongue from NY while on a business trip) and hate driving all the way to Carnegie once a year for it (and paying the marked up prices for it). The sandwich here was just as good, the price was way less, and the service was great. It's quieter and a fabulous alternative to Carnegie. I will be back very soon!!!!
3	We came here the morning after New Years because they were dedicated to being open while all the other restaurants in the shopping center were closed. We were happy to find someone open because we were starving!  I should have really tried their bagels because that is what they are known for but I was hungry for something salty and sweet. I decided to go with their Monte Cristo sandwich to fill that craving. It was a huge sandwich it could have been easily  shared by two. I could barely eat half of it. The meat was good quality but I was hoping that the raspberry jam would already be in the sandwich. Things got a bit messy when I tried to put it on myself. If you have had a Monte Cristo at Memphis Barbecue I would consider that a better sandwich . Levy's version was still good but I think the difference was with the jam. The one at Memphis's had more zing to it. When we were leaving they had a nice display of breads that was hard to pass up. We left with the Challah bread pronounced holla...if I remember correctly.  It was too bad that I missed the 1/2 off table near the door before I bought the loaf. The Challah looked very pretty and golden  but  the taste didn't blow me away because it wasn't as soft as I thought it would be. I'd like to try some of  their bagels in the future.
4	Not sure how I've missed this place, the sign caught my attention.  The pickles are absolutely great, the kosher salami sandwich terrific, and the bagels rate an A.  Now if only they served Kreplach soup (see my other reviews).Highly recommend the place, not inexpensive.  The waitress might want to consider slowing her pace from 80 mph to 25 mph :)
2	"BEST OF LAS VEGAS - DELI  - REVIEW JOURNAL EDITOR'S CHOICE 2011"    Well set the Delorean, because my experience here wasn't the best of anything.  To be fair, I didn't try any of the items they're probably known and liked for (namely Bagels, Stuffed Cabbage, Corned Beef).   Went here for lunch with a friend and decided to just go with a classic Club Sandwich.   My friend ordered a side of fries so I grabbed a handful of those as well.   The club was okay overall, the ham and turkey tasted fine and there was plenty of it to enjoy.   The bacon tasted gristly to me though and not in a good way (sometimes I can like gristle).  I actually pulled out the bacon from the 2nd half of the sandwich and just straight up removed it.   You read that right:  I REMOVED BACON FROM A CLUB SANDWICH AND AVOIDED EATING IT.    It's, it's.... it's just not right  The fries were, for lack of a better word, awful.   I'm drawing a blank thinking of a fry I'd rather not eat again. Last but not least was the price.  My sandwich was $12 before tax.   I'm not against paying $12 for a flawless sandwich, but just thinking about the other eats even in the same shopping center I could get for $12 (let alone the extra I paid for a drink) and my head starts to hurt.YOU RUINED BACON AND FRENCH FRIES LEVY.   Be happy with your 2.
4	Levy's is probably my favorite Jewish deli in Las Vegas.  I'm a big fan of the pastrami, the bagels, and the lox.  Wait staff and owners are very friendly.  Highly recommended.
4	As a reward to all Rex's readers for his recent Review of The Day...Rex will bless you. Rex will bless you like he did those thousands of people when he was pretending to be an Archbishop.  You tell one priest that you aren't into Altar Boys...BOOM...defrocked. Rex would have been pissed if Rex wasn't melting down candelabras and turning them into Iphone parts.  All good things must come to an end...soon Rex was roaming the countryside...the cities...the beaches...the dumpsters of the Northeast. From Maryland to Maine Rexy was a seeker...a poet (Roses are Red...Violets are Purple...this doesn't rhyme F U!)...a part time amateur dentist...and full time stud.  These were great days. Rex was alive. Rex was kept by chubby women looking to "work off" the winter weight. Rex for 3 days was Chief of Thoracic Surgery at Mass General...until he threw up inside a heart transplant patient.  It was during this time Rex fell in love. Twice. First was with "Three Eyed" Karen. Oh, how I miss Three Eye...looking into her blue eyes...and the one weird grey one on her neck.  The second was bagels.To people outside of the Northeast they just don't understand the beauty and wonder that a great bagel can provide.  The perfect bagel is slightly crunchy on the outside and soft and chewy on the inside. It can be served as is or sliced and toasted. It can hold butter, cream cheese, lox, cold cuts...almost anything. The only incredible sadness of great bagels is that one day later you have a hockey puck...or you need to slice them thin and bake them to make chips. Still...for that one day. That one great day. You have a circle of perfection that makes that wedding ring on your finger seem more stupid and meaningless than you already know it does.   As with most foods in Vegas it is very, very tough to find a great example of a food delicacy.  For about 3 years Rex "Bagel Genitals" Marvin refused to even buy bagels in this town. Rex denied a part of himself...much like he did for those 6 years he didn't buy Donna Summer commemorative plates. Oh...the dark years...so dark...so cold. Rex digresses...Rex sobs...Rex moves on...no bagels for Rex for 3 years...until...a very good friend, Dr. Slash "Degree from Antarctica" McCutter, invited him to discuss his latest...um...troubles...to Levy's Bagels and Deli.  Rex reluctantly ate the bagle handed to him, an Everything...after explaining to Dr. Slash that he would end up tied down naked in an ape habitat after giving the apes Viagra, Monster and more Viagra...after seeing the small smile on his face as he protested his fate...and then begged me to do it...Rex was worried about the quality of Levy's. From the first bite all those great memories of eatin bagels with Three Eyed Karen came rushing back. Rex was home...and not the home where had his hand broken for giving the thumbs up to his drain cleaning fourth step-father...oh no...this was the good home...where he tied down his fifth step-father and had a large neighbor lady with horrible gas pains treat him to the sounds of the musical fruit...for 5 hours. Ah...good times.Levy's bagels were perfect. Rex went on to try several other flavors all were very good. The best savory being the Onion and the Everything. The garlic needed more garlic and the Poppy was never a favorite of Rex's.  The best sweet was by far the Cinnamon Raison, while the Blueberry was good but not great.  The real revelation was the rest of the menu. First THEY MAKE THEIR OWN CREAM CHEESE! For those of you who never had homemade cream cheese you will never eat that store crap again. You will use it for grout in your tub. Second, the Challah bread French toast was great and the stuffed Challah bread French toast was even better!  The omelets were good, the pancakes were good. Rex has never been there for lunch but the breakfast food are excellent. The bad...good portions, not great, good specials but nothing that made me have to come back for a good deal, and the waitress service was a little slow. Sadly, the Knishes are frozen and brought in...and they taste it. Lose it from the menu or make it fresh. The Lox, which I think was brought in wasn't great, and if it is made in house...not good. A great Jewish deli has great Lox. Period.All in all...it is a great place for bagels and breakfast. Like Rex says..."Gotta hole...Rex will fill it...sort of...and then never be heard from again..."
1	I came because I wanted perogi's.I was disapointed.Haven't returned since the first time.
4	Bagels were standard for my breakfast stops on my way to work for many years in NYC. When I re-located to Las Vegas, I quickly learned that Mom and Pop Bagel Shops aren't found easily, and most people call the "roll with a hole" that Einstein Bros. makes a "good bagel".  Luckily I stumbled upon Levy's and they provide a much better bagel than the competitors.  Everything is made in house by Mr. and Mrs. Levy who are native New Yorkers that really know how to make their customers happy.  They have many different bagels, both sweet and savory along with a variety of homemade infused cream cheese. If your not in the mood for breakfast, you can satisfy your sweet tooth by choosing a pastry from their full selection.
5	I live close to this deli and I can't believe it took me 2 years after they opened to go in and try it.  My mistake for not having tried it earlier.  I have now been back quite a number of times.  I have a number of favorites, but my favorite of favorites is their stuffed hamburger.  You can get it stuffed with mushrooms or onions or a little of both.  I believe it's supposed to be 1/2 lb burger, but it seems to be even bigger than that.  The flavor of the meat is so incredible.  It is served on a challah knotted bun which is baked in the store.  I also recommend a reuben sandwich made with pastrami (it's a matter of preference, but I prefer pastrami over corned beef).  The sandwich is filled with a generous portion of meat.  If you're into reubens, then you will probably find this to be a favorite. They do have a nice display of sweets, and I always take home a large chocolate chip cookie. Everything is baked in house.  Great bagels as well.I find the wait staff friendly and attentive.  My glass was never empty. I strongly recommend that if you're looking for a great deli, this place is worth trying. I saw they had a sign that they won the "Best Deli" award in 2011.
5	Wouldn't make it in New York? I can't vouch for that; but, it is definitely a great fit here in Vegas. My wife ordered the Monte Cristo. I had the Reuben. We shared a side of pierogis. EVERYTHING was amazing from the food to the service. The bread is made in house. The waitress hit a home run with her suggestions. Now, I'll return the favor and suggest that you check out Levy's!
1	I'm cleaning up my draft reviews and was here 2/17/12 so this bad review is long overdue. I'm no decorator but the black and yellow outside colors make you think you're in a Western Union or some check cashing place...which would probably make better bagels and whitefish salad anyway!  Round bread with a hole in the center does not mean it's a bagel! Tasted more like pretzel dough but more bland. They sell Dr. Browns in bottles which is always good but no Celrey soda ??? I don't know about the deli meat because i was going just for breakfast bagel/fish but as far as bagels are concerned I guess it's better than Lender's bagels or a Fast food chain. The whitefish salad was too loose and with no discernible whitefish flavor. Ain't nuttin New Yawk about this place food wise.
