5	Wow, these guys were great!!!! I had a few minutes to kill waiting for a restaurant to open and remembered driving by many times. Pulled up to the automatic cleaner and the guy started spraying the front of my car, so I rolled up my windows and they continued all the way around, rinsing and scrubbing. When they were done, I paid the guy $7 for a average a little above basic wash and went into the machine. When I got out, 2 guys were there and dried the rest of the car and used an air pressure thing to get the water out of the little crevasses they get into and leave water marks. They did an excellent job and will continue to go there when in the area.
5	I have been to a few car washes in the valley that provide a similar experience, but I must say that Dolphin Car wash does it the best! They do it right, the prices are pretty good for a drive through was and like George mentioned the end of the wash tunnel there are guys there to make sure your car is dry. I think that is the deal maker for this car wash.It isn't a full service wash, you still have to clean and vacuum the inside of your own car but it is well worth it for just an exterior wash. I find these guys do a better job on just exterior versus the larger car washes.Dolphin, you are my new favorite in east Mesa.
5	Great! Worth the drive from Gilbert.
4	Let me premise this by saying that I can't give a drive-thru car wash five stars . . . but this place comes close.The 98 BWM 740i came out looking almost like a new car . . . and at only $9.00 for the GOLD service, it is affordable oin a weekly basis.We definitely be back before my road trip later this month . . . VEGAS her we come.
4	This is the best car wash, I have paid way more for a wash and was very dissatisfied in other places, they left streaks and you could smell the dirty rags in your car. Not this place, windows were cleaned and dried with no streaks and staff was very friendly..will definatly be using them again
5	GREAT service for cheap!! The most expensive car wash (the one I got) was only $9. You don't even have to get out of the car to pay! The whole car was hosed down, then hand scrubbed all BEFORE entering the automatic wash! A plastic bag/shield was even put over my rear windshield wiper. (To keep them safe?!) Very excellent washing! After exiting a person dries you all off. Vacuums also available.
5	Excellent place! Best drive-thru car wash I have ever been to! Very cheap, thorough, and most importantly, fast!  The most expensive wash, the GOLD Wash, is $9 and in my opinion, is just as good of an exterior wash as the hand-wash places.  You drive through the cleaners and then get dried off by someone at the end.  If you feel like vacuuming the interior yourself, they have car vacuums after you drive through the wash.  One recommendation would be to avoid coming from 4:30-5:30p because it gets a little packed and last time I was there, there was a line of 6 cars waiting to go through, but if you come any other time you get right in!
5	This is the best place to get your car washed! They care... Although no free vacuums, they dry your vehicle for no water spots. They're equipment is top notch.
