5	From home-made bread with a wonderful pimento dip, to the fantastic spumoni, this was a dining bargain. Reasonably priced, huge portions (we had enough to take home for two additional meals. Split a Walnut & Pear salad--it's an entire meal in itself! Then come back for dessert. I particularly enjoyed the Salciccio Pasta, consisting of sausage, peppers and onions in a superb red sauce on a bed of linguini. mmmmmm Great pianist on Friday and Saturday evenings, and an impressive wine list as well. Great date or family restaurant!
5	Incredible is the only word I can think of.  The bread, dip and antipasta were delicious.  The bread dip, and I am untrained culinary wise, was way too tasty, could have eaten it all night and left satisfied.  The main courses were sooooo good.  Then the pizza.  There is nothing like this pizza.  We had the Italian Stallion pizza and it was heaven.  Took some home, heated it up the next day and it was still better than all other pizzas.  I don't know how the chef does it.  The price was right, better than right.  The service was super, I wish I could recall the young lady's name, but she deserves big time credit also.  We have been back and will go again despite a rather long drive for us.  This is Italian food like its supposed to be.
1	I am offended as both an Italian (from New York!) and as a customer that this restaurant exists. I should have seen the red flags fly when the restaurant had only one table and the football game on the TV on a Saturday night. Foolish me. It started out decent enough, although for an empty restaurant the service was painfully slow. Should it really take 10 minutes to bring 2 glasses of wine? The bread and red pepper dipping sauce was fine enough, not amazing but it was tasty. We lorded the eggplant rollatini for an appetizer. They should really note how excessively large their portions are. Our appetizer could have easily been dinner for two, and no, that is not a selling point. It was lukewarm, but again, tasty enough. The marinara was basically crushed tomatoes saturated in garlic salt with some basil thrown in. My grandmother is rolling in her grave as I write this, I'm sure.Then came the worst part - the entrees. Two heaping bowls of sauce came out. Somewhere in there was my chicken and shrimp carbonara and my boyfriend's lobster ravioli. There had to have been at least 4 cups of store-bought sauce in each bowl. Within a few bites, the sauce had already started separating - how appetizing! The chicken in my carbonara was clearly frozen grilled chicken strips (perhaps Tyson?) that had an unpleasant after taste. The shrimp was slightly undercooked and still had their tails on. Normally, this would be fine, but when there is so much sauce to navigate through, grabbing onto a tail is not ideal. The peas were extremely over cooked and mushy. Somewhere was my bacon but that was too coated in sauce to find. My boyfriend's lobster ravioli was also overwhelmed with sauce. The dish also came with shrimp and scallops but again, the over abundance of sauce made differentiating between the two impossible. To make the scene all the more sad, there was a man playing piano who for some reason decided to use the microphone to say he was going on a break. That would have been fine, however we were the only customers in the room at that point and only made the situation awkward.I'm convinced the only reason their portions are so large is so they can charge $12+ for an entree without feeling guilty. $50 down the drain - I couldn't even stand the smell of the leftovers and promptly threw them away upon returning home.To salvage what was left of our evening, we were forced to go to the grocery store and buy some Ben & Jerry's and beer - Two things we know we're getting our money's worth for.Word to the wise, stay away!
3	We stopped in here on our way home from the Glendale Glitter and Glow Block Party.  It was 9:00 and there were about 12-15 other people there (one large group and one smaller group).  The large group seemed to be a group of "regulars" so we thought that was a really good sign!The bread with the red pimiento dipping sauce was good - my husband loved the dip and we quickly needed a second dip.  We started by sharing  the hot antipasti special.  The eggplant rolatini and the stuffed mushrooms were very good.For a main course, my husband had the South Beach pizza which had mozzarella, goat cheese, mushrooms, spinach, peppers.  I wasn't in the mood for pizza or salad, and the entree menu is not that extensive.  I decided the chicken & shrimp carbonara pasta as I liked the sound of the ingredients but didn't really want a cream sauce.  The chef instead used all the same ingredients but cooked it in olive oil and garlic.  There was a lot of garlic, but it was very good.As the other two reviewers said, the portion sizes are very large and we both brought home left-overs. The waitresses were very nice and friendly and even thanked us by name (from the credit card) when we left.Overall, I thought the food was good value and would definitely stop in here again.
5	Great food and excellent customer service. Wine selection is very diverse. Great place to hang out and meet people or go out in a date with.  One word to describe the bread sauce: unique. You simply will not find this complex taste anywhere else. Finally, the chef is super personable; I simply have yet to hold such a good conversation with a restaurant chef/owner.
4	Am so glad we ignored the negative reviews and tried this place. Our experience was apparently very different from theirs.  Very good food from the piping hot house-made bread with pimiento dipping sauce to the caramelized onion pizza (which I was not expecting to like) to the salmon & pasta dish I had.  I only wish I had the culinary vocabulary to describe the successful amalgamation of flavors in the my pasta dish.As said elsewhere, the rollatini appetizer could have passed for a small meal in itself and was very good.  The caramelized onion pizza surprisingly to me - delicious, and the crust cooked perfectly (as opposed to an extra crispy, burnt one had recently at what some call a "gourmet pizza" restaurant that we found far more humble in taste if not price.  Nostalgi'a was virtually empty on Sunday at 12:30pm but for one couple who seemed to be regulars.  Service was friendly as it should be - but not hovering as it also could have been with only 4 -then only 2 customers in the restaurant.   Located at west end of mostly empty, run-down shopping strip off W. Glendale, the interior was was decently appointed and public areas (and the men's room) spotlessly clean.  Nothing we had gave any impression of dollar store sauces or inferior quality in any respect.  As to "If it's so good why it remains empty?" asked by another reviewer, well, it is in a poor location in a decrepit shopping strip that is otherwise nearly closed down.  Maybe too many people had an experience closer to yours than ours, but based on food, service, and prices - that would be a mystery to me as my dining partner Norm and I thought it definitely deserves more business than it has.   Generous lunch for 2 that we were both well satisfied with in every respect, $34, and still with enough leftovers for an additional meal - possibly two.  Lunch menu prices start at around $7 but I (we?) ordered off dinner menu for larger portions - 'cause I THOUGHT I was too hungry for smaller lunch portions.  So glad we gave this place a chance despite a couple of wicked bad reviews.   I would go back and would recommend to friends without hesitation as our experience was very different from theirs.
4	This is one of those places for dining on good Italian-American comfort food in a relaxed atmosphere. The restaurant itself is in a not-too-attractive strip mall, but here my friend and fellow yelper John M. and I had a very pleasant dining experience. Friendly service, good food, good prices. Definitely not a busy place when we were there, but it certainly deserves a larger clientele.
2	Stopped in for lunch on Saturday.  Restaurant inside was nice and clean, outside you need to overlook altogether.  Inside this place was a ghostown.  Being over 105 degrees out I was wearing shorts and flip flops.  As soon as I walked in I noticed they were going for a more upscale look to the place and my attire was looked up and down by our waitress before being seated.  Sorry, by the looks of the outside had no clue on a Saturday afternoon in a strip mall with no one else in the place I would have an issue with shorts.  Anyways pass that awkward moment, we were seated.  I had chosen the sausage hot sandwich on the lunch menu, and my husband the blanco pizza.  Nothing was suggested by our waitress, so I was hoping that was a good choice.  Food came out pretty fast because there was no one else in the place.  Food was bland, bread was to chewy like it needed to be baked more. I won't be going back.
4	The waitress was a bit short with all of us.  After awhile she seemed to lighten up.   The food was pretty good for the price.  I had the classic margerita pizza and thought it good.  It is a relaxed atmosphere.
4	We went here for a romantic date night...and loved it. The waitress others have written about may appear to be a bit curt with her conversation at first...but after joking around for a minute she opened up and was very personable. Regardless, she refilled our drinks quickly, provided great menu guidance, and I had no complaints.The food is pretty darn tasty. The bread with pimento dip was stellar! The pear and walnut salad was great. We also had a seafood pasta special and one other dish. The clientele when we visited seemed a bit older, and the piano player added to the ambiance of a restaurant of 30 years ago when dining was a bit more of an experience. We will be back, for sure!
1	Italian, hardly. Tomatoes and cashews in a chiffinade of romaine lettuce, store bought ceasear dressing salad for appetizer, dinner was slab of burnt, frozen patty veal parm with store bought diner sauce, the wife had frozen ravioli with tons of bay scallops and store bought sauce.  If you got drunk at the bar it might taste good. Sit away from the loud piano.
4	Great food!   The chef penne special (I forgot the name) with goat cheese and carmelized onions WAS AMAZING!!!    Surprisingly, pizza was okay.  Definately worth a try.
5	Went there this evening for supper.  What a treat!  What a delight!  Service was good.  Was reluctant to go based on what others said about the waitress but  ours, Rachael, was a delight.  The other waitress seemed quite nice albeit a bit reserved.  I had a Bianco's Pizza which was worth 5 stars by itself.  My wife had a pasta dish with vodka as a sauce base.  It was also excellent.  But I'm getting ahead of myself. First the decor is very, very nice.  There was live piano music with a blond singer.  Quite nice.and then.....warm bread with a spread of something that contained pimento's I think.  Very good.Then the dinner.  Wow!You can bet we'll be back again.
5	Ik first learned about this restaurant through groupon and wrote a review.  I've since been back, each time with guests.  Last night we went again. I can say without hesitation that this restaurant is just excellent.  The food is always good.  My wife and I cannot get away from ordering the vodka pasta and the blanco pizza which are a trip to heaven. We did however, once have the Greek Salad.  It was wonderful.  So fresh and good! The piano music which is on Wed., Thurs., Fri., and Sat. are crowning touches.  The waitresses are marvelous.  Rachael is supreme.As I said, we've been here several times.  Each time with friends and all have really enjoyed their meal.
5	Some of the negative comments here have me confused. The guy who said there was only 1 table must have been smoking crack? Ok.... With that said, I have visited this place about 6 times and have ALWAYS walked away happy! The pizza is better than that place right down the street that was on Diners Drive in & Dives. The home made bread is just a little too good, I always end up eating too much of it and filling up before my main dish. Ignore the few negative comments and just try the place once and I promise you will go back.
4	I would normally give this type of restaurants 3-4-stars, but I was here on a Wed night when they have live music, which made my dining experience worth 4.5-stars!  Their food is pretty good and service is above average.  It is an authentic Italian restaurant with items you can expect and intimate atmosphere, a place to share a bottle of wine with someone and enjoy a good meal, but it is not a white table top type of place.  I would recommend going here on a Wed-Sat night when they have live music (outstanding entertainment), and I would recommend it as a date place on those nights.
5	Absolutely love this place! All three waitresses are very knowledgable, And friendly. Was very hesitant about visiting this restaurant when I moved to the area because it was in a run down strip mall. However I put my big girl pants o an walked in. I am so glad I did. The food is amazing (I usually go for the chicken saltimbuca), and hands down they offer the best tiramisu on planet earth. However, they don't have tiramisu all the time, only when chef Polo feels like making it. Sometimes he even makes special tiramisu, for example he made pumpkin Tiramisu last Halloween! My family, and I love this place and will go here for years to come!
4	Came on a Saturday night around 7 and were sat immediately. It is a smaller place with a bar capable of seating 15 or so and about 15 tables. I'm not sure if it's a nightly occurrence but there was a gentleman playing on their piano and a young lady singing. It provided a nice ambiance.The menu consists of apps, salads, a few pastas, traditional entrees and pizza. We had the stuffed mushrooms as an app and weren't too impressed. They weren't terrible, just nothing special. The entrees were a different story. My husband's mushroom lasagna was to die for.  Great flavor, perfectly cooked noodles with just the right amount of each ingredient. I had the veal parm and it hit the spot.Veal was tender and had just the right amount of breading. Their marinara is homemade and fantastic. I could've eaten it with a spoon all on its own. The portion was quite generous and was accompanied by spaghetti and marinara. Our only compliant was that they do not offer draft beers and their bottled beer selection was very limited.While many traditional Italian dishes are not listed on the menu our server informed us that items like marsalas and piccatas are available upon request.
5	Excellent food, good music & awesome service!!  The chicken spinach pizza with goat cheese is AMAZING, as is the fresh, made-from-scratch bread.  The vodka sauce is the best I've ever tasted.  All of the sauces are made from scratch - I asked. The waitstaff are friendly & offer great wine pairing suggestions.  Authentic & delicious.  Highly recommended.
4	I was looking for a place to take my wife for dinner and was looking for Italian and found Nostalgi's.  We had a great meal and a great time.  The food was delicious.  Before going we had been joking around about having fusion cuisine (Italian, Thai, and Chinese).  My meal came close.  One of their specials was Atlantic salmon over risotto with a hoisin/soy sauce glaze.  It also had something else that was Thai that I do not remember but was also not a dominant flavor.  They also have regular live music that was a nice background.  Tonight one other special attraction, they had a distributor for some Italian olive oil and balsamic vinegar giving samples (and selling).  Some fantastic olive oils and balsamic vinegar.  Prices I felt were very reasonable.Another thing I enjoyed was that they had photographs on the wall that were for sale.  i asked a question about one and the server said, if you have a question about the photo go talk to that guy over there, he is the photographer.  It turns out he is also a regular at the restaurant.  I really recommend this place.  Great food and a great atmosphere.Doug
5	This restaurant is in a crappy little strip mall in the sad part of Glendale Avenue. I stopped in one day around 3 years ago to discover it is a hidden gem.The food is always exceptional. Fresh baked bread comes with every meal, along with a creamy roasted red pepper dip.I've had both the pizza and entrees. Never been disappointed.They have a full bar and a good wine list. I've never been there on a weekend, but hear it gets very lively. It's a family place so it just good, clean fun, with live piano and the audience joining in the singing when they know the words.The only time it was too packed to get in without a reservation was Valentine's Day.LOVE the wait staff!Great food and service, and reasonable prices add up to a good outing for me.
5	Wow, what a delicious meal! I was a bit skeptical at first, but we were greeted by Rachel who was very friendly. I asked if she had any suggestions and she recommended Pollo's Pasta and Blanco's Vodka Cream Sauce. We ordered one of each along with an order of the wings. An order of hot bread was delivered right away with a great red pepper dipping sauce. The wings were unlike any other. It was a bbq based sauce, but indescribably unique. Our entrees were also excellent. I would prefer to write in greater detail, but am a bit rushed. Go here, try it. A little more expensive than Olive Garden, but twice as good.
4	I came on a Friday night around 7 on a Glendale Glitters evening and was surprised there was not a wait. We were sat immediately. The place was smaller than I expected but we got a table in the back and were pleased to not feel crowded. I enjoyed the ambiance, the lighting was dim and there was a man playing piano in the front of the room. I always enjoy some live music, and the pianist was talented and was perfect background music for the evening. We ordered the eggplant for an appetizer, and my boyfriend L tried out the tequila coffee. It was an interesting mix but he enjoyed it. The eggplant was delicious, I couldn't get enough. There was also bread served that was fresh out of the oven and soft. For dinner I ordered the chicken parmesan and L got the pesto. He polished his plate off but I was somewhat disappointed. My plate lacked the flavor and taste I was hoping for, it just seemed somewhat bland. It was good but not great. The service was excellent, we never had empty glasses or empty bread baskets. Overall a very good experience. I would definitely go again just for the eggplant itself!
4	We started our dinner with an amazing Ceasar Salad. It was super fresh ,had cashews instead of croutons and fresh sliced tomatoes. Definitely the best I had ever have. Sliced warmed bread comes with a delicious creamy roasted bell pepper dip.  I had the Polos Pasta, which was very good.  My wifey had the Chicken Parmesan.  She said it was ok.  Chicken was nicely breaded and juicy but she disliked that pasta sauce was a bit too sweet for her taste. I gave it four stars because:for me the tables are a bit short for the average person and totally dislike the cheap grated parmesan cheese.  I know its a small place in a not very good neighborhood but prices are not that cheap to at least not offer fresh cheese. Made me doubt a bit about the freshness of the rest of my meal.   Must add that staff is very friendly and attentive, and the live piano music just adds a lovely romantic touch to the moment.
4	My husband and I tried this place last night for our friend's birthday dinner. It was great! The bread was fresh and the spread that came with it was addicting. I had the mushroom lasagna and my husband had the vodka cream sauce, we both agreed that we enjoyed mine much more. That's not to say the vodka cream sauce wasn't good, it was decent, but my lasagna was incredible!! The ambiance is nice and intimate, maybe a little too dark and a bit cramped for a large party. Fantastic for a date night, though.The service was good. Not especially friendly but she kept the drinks filled and divided our checks up without hesitation. That's always appreciated. My husband went up to ask the piano player if the he knew if the trumpet player had a mute (an accessory for the trumpet that give it a brassy sound), and he seemed offended. Apparently the pianist wasn't familiar with this device and thought my husband was saying he wanted the trumpet muted as in to make no noise! Oops. He was also not receptive for my husbands request for some moody jazz music. Oh well, lesson learned that we will leave the piano guy alone. He and his ensemble put on a nice show, though at times the volume was a bit intrusive.We will be taking family here and plan to return on our own!
3	I went today for the first time w/ my co-workers. My choice of restaurants are typically FRESH w/ organic options (local is a bonus) as well as, of course, vegan options. I ordered a side salad w/ olive oil and vinegar. It was awful. The vinegar smelled BAD & the olive oil tasted like canola oil (if it was, I don't do GMO, sorry). My co-workers ordered their food & loved it, to me, it all looked microwaved & store bought. I guess I have high expectations. I can't really rate this restaurant based on my expectations (vegan friendly, organic, non-GMO, supports local, fresh foods not fried, etc) it wouldn't be a fair review b/c this isn't something they advertise. I will give it 2 stars b/c the waitress was nice & an extra star just b/c I'm nice, but, if I had the option I rather eat rocks in front of my house than go back to this place.
2	The service was slow, the food was dry and bland, we were seated for about 5 minutes when they brought out water, then another 5 before our drink orders were taken. They didn't have enough menus for everyone at our table (5 of us). The whole piano bar set-up was cute, but the music was about as "blah" as the food. The Caesar salad was very good, but nobody was very impressed with much else. We had the salmon, the mushroom rolled lasagna, greek salad, caesar salad, Ahi and Pinwheel special, and the seafood linguini. Split the check two ways, our half was $60 for two adults, one coke, two waters, caesar salad and two meals, our daughter only had a half salad (tip incl in the 60). A bit pricey for at best, a mediocre meal, and slow service. The bartender who also served our table was very nice, and did keep our glasses refilled which is why I give the second star, but the place just had a snail-pace feel, and we were hungry.BUT HERE'S THE WORST PART: NO SOAP IN THE MEN'S ROOM. ALL NIGHT! I SURE HOPE THE EMPLOYEES WERE WASHING THEIR HANDS IN THE KITCHEN. At first glance, a cute little old-time, classy-looking joint. On second thought, I will not be returning.Gordon Ramsay, I think I found your next project.
4	This may become my new favorite spot. Nice wine list, live music, great staff and the food is amazing! The bar looks pretty good too. Def coming back for more many times to come. The seating is great, the lighting is nice not too soft not too bright. My hostess was a hoot! Portions are great as well.
4	We now have a favorite Italian place in the West Valley. We happened to be here when they had a party of 30 for a Chamber of Commerce banquet (or something similar), but we got a table near the back and everyone was in a great mood. Great, friendly staff and beautiful restaurant.Some unique pasta dishes here that you don't see everyday. I had chicken with tomatoes and pasta, but really I could have filled up on the bread without any trouble at all. What I couldn't finish of the pasta made great leftovers though. This was very down-home type Italian food, but done well and with great flavor. We'll definitely be back.
5	Nice little restaurant, small but cute. Food is always good from sandwiches to pizzas! Great place for drinks & food! It's a must try if ur in Glendale or near by.. stop by and try it for yourself soon! And the whole strip mall has been remodeled and looks great!
4	Now called Polo's. It's quite a nice surprise in the neighborhood. Very unassuming. But inside they really pull off a good Italian cafe. The really nice touch is Mr Maynes playing some excellent piano on a nice little grand piano.  The food is quite a treat. It's hard to imagine a trained chef in this location, but there you go. He has a unique twist at mixing flavors you wouldn't expect. The salciccia is a great showcase for Italian sausage, and the lasagna is uniquely excellent. And don't forget the cannolis.  I come back regularly.
4	We went for a family dinner, and everyone really enjoyed the restaurant - I will definitely go back.  The waitress was very friendly and attentive.  The fresh bread came with a very unique and delicious homemade dip.  We split the pear salad - it was amazing.  I ordered the Polo Pasta - mmmmmm - and still have half for lunch tomorrow.  The kids devoured their pizza - crust and all.  Everyone raved about their food.  The only thing I found a little puzzling was - there is clearly a love for creating outstanding food - but the parmesan cheese was the kind in the shakers at the table.  It was decent quality, but I think the food was deserving of fresh grated parm as a finishing touch.
