2	"I don't know how this place have pretty good reviews because the food was not great. I love buffets but this was probably one of the worst I've gone to. Very little selections and the food was like I said before not that great. Well I went and ate during brunch so they had breakfast and lunch food. The eggs were soggy, the meat was nasty but the carb foods were pretty good. The lunch food were pretty plain  and some were bland like the pasta. The meaty lunch entrees were pretty good though. They had a lot of desserts but they weren't that great. I probably like at most like 3 out of maybe 10? 15? but yea. The ice cream was good but you can get that kind of ice cream at any buffet.but I guess it's pretty cheap?breakfast is like 10-11lunch12-13dinner-??"
1	The drawing card for the Circus Circus Buffet used to be  $4.99 breakfast, $5.99 lunch and  a $6.99 or $7.99 dinner.I took a group to Las Vegas and thought it would be a good CHEAP place for lunch.I was amazed to find out the lunch was now  $10.99 ......There is no way this buffet is worth that......I know you are saying that it is 1/3 the cost of other casino/hotel buffets.Yes it is , but the quality is nowhere near one third of the other hotels.A major disappointment ...... very, very average buffet fare at best.We were lucky that there was no line ....( perhaps that should have been our clue )Should they get two stars because they are inexpensive .....I think not.
1	Once was enough.  This buffet ranks very near the bottom of the list of those I've eaten at.  I think the buffet scene in "Vegas Vacation" with Chevy Chase and Randy Quaid must have been filmed here.Can't recommend it to anybody for any reason.
1	By Vegas standards, it's CHEAP pricewisebut keep in mind, you do get what you pay for..and honestly, i think HOMETOWN BUFFET tastes better then circus circus.avoid like the plague!
1	the quote "you get what you pay for" never ran more true than while eating here. i forget the exact price of the buffet but its around $10 or so. i would have rather ate at wendy's or in n out. there are so many other places in vegas to get decent food for cheap. The food here was terrible... you remember in grade school when you had to eat that terrible disgusting horrifying cafeteria food during lunchtime? the food here is worse. Just dont do it man. gone.....
2	I enjoyed the Mickey D's just outside the hotel over the buffet.  It's just THAT bad.
1	Look when you've lost a majority of your assets and you've drank the rest of your nest egg down your very thirsty throat...this place sure feels like a gem!  The food is better than most of the fast food places around that specific area and comes with an array of choices.  May not be the best array but again, Money talks and frugality sometimes out weighs taste.  When you go with low expectations already registered in your mind then really what more can you expect other than calming the rumbeling in your tummy?  Vegas has hundreds of better eateries but sometimes you might need to make due with what is offered and this place won't kill you so it might not be that terribly bad for you.
4	I went here for a late breakfast at about 10:45 AM, and I was still accommodated with breakfast food well until 12 PM. (Even though breakfast supposedly ends at 11 AM.) They had out the lunch food too though, so there was a large number of choices.Well, there were a large number of choices period. If you've ever gone to a Sunday brunch buffet at Marie Callendars, where you pay over $15 per person, (about $10.50 at Circus Circus,) you won't find even half the variety or quantity of food that you can find here.Tons of muffins, desserts, bagels, cereal, eggs, cheese omelets, sausage, bacon, stuffed pancakes, french toast, waffles, biscuits with gravy, grits, donuts, fruit, yogurt, juices, coffee, etc... You get the idea. There's tons of stuff.I don't understand other yelper complaints - it's a buffet, so each food item isn't going to be hand-crafted to perfection with tons of ingredients. You pay the buffet price for a single item to get that kind of quality. Here, again, it's about quantity and variety.Definitely an ideal spot for anyone with a mild but food-craving hangover.
1	When I toured Las Vegas, all the places I've eaten that had me begging to go home.The Circus Circus Buffett is by far the worst I've ever been to.  I get that every buffett restaurant won't have high quality food, but you'd expect things to at least be edible.At any buffett place, the first thing you'd try is fried chicken, because it's probably the safest thing to eat, right?  Wrong.  Circus Circus fried chicken is as dry as my grandpa's elbow, and it's as tough as biting a crocodile--not that I've done that before.  I don't even need to talk about how bland it was.I've said it in other reviews, but I spent more time filling myself with fluids than eating actual food.  The best food this place served was waffles, and come on--that's a breakfast item.Of course, it's Circus Circus.  I'm just surprised this place hasn't closed down yet.  This was the spot in the 80's, but that was like 20 years ago.
2	I can't believe I actually agreed to eat here for a second time. I think I would have been more satisfied with the $2.99 hot dog combo from the snack stand in the smoke-filled casino 50 yards away. But no, I spent $30 on two dinners. This buffet offers your basic, American style family dining. But this was a weird-ass food experience. To name a few: Lukewarm stuffing, cold alfredo sauce, crunchy hard-boiled egg (that was already out of the shell, go figure). Let's not forget the crumb donut with fungus on top that the chef tried to convince us was ink from rubbing against the black-colored basket from the delivery company. The busboy was really nice, and the lines for food weren't too crowded. I liked that the drinks were unlimited and we got to choose more than one thing (soda, juice, milk, coffee, hot chox), and there were to-go cups for coffee. The dessert offerings were pretty varied but obviously not made in-house - banana cream pie, coconut cream pie, apple, chocolate, cream puffs, soft-serve machine... After the moldy donut, I decided to call Wells Fargo and they agreed to reverse the charge. I rarely do that, but in this case I felt it was appropriate.
2	I went there with my wife and three sons. Before all this, I was at the front desk confirming our reservation. I booked the hotel online. The stay mentioned kids under 12 years eat free. When we got to the Buffet Restaurant we tell the hostess that two of them are under 12. (kids eat free, right?) !!NOPE!!"You have to tell the front desk clerk that before you come here"So, that's how they get you from the start. The desk clerk did not tell me this even when I told her we have three kids staying with us.The wife & I felt "tricked" and we felt the place was "laughing" at us. But, the food was typical like any other place. Not too bad. Tasty mashed potatoes & a variety of desserts.We slept at a Non-Smoking building but, the lobby smelled like cigarettes.
1	My aunt found a cockroach in her salad here.Otherwise, good selection. OK food.Cockroach still scares me though.
2	I'm being nice with my rating. Really.I gave it the extra star for their $12.99 dinner pricing.But oh sweet Jesus, the only thing they can boast about for their buffet is FRIED SHRIMP?Seriously? Well, whatever. The only people who eat their are the hicks who probably consider it food for the gods and who've saved up their entire lives to vacay at Circus Circus with their 30 bucks a night fees.
3	Definitely not the greatest buffet in the city, but not the worst by any means. Very big dining area and large food spread, but the food just isn't very high quality. It's not that it's bad or anything... it's just plain and boring. Very long lines usually to get in and probably too many kids running around. But don't be dissuaded to go here. It's Circus Circus!! And it's an OK choice for the fun of an all-you-can-eat experience.
1	it would be better to go to 7-11 and get a Hungry man TV dinner and throw it in the microwave. This is the worst Buffet in the World. I can't believe people even come here...and harder to believe that I did. The selection is horrible..the food looks like its been sitting for days...the chicken was not edible...the fried shrimp disgusting and the dessert choices were cheap and not worth tasting....DO NOT EVER EAT HERE!!!! BETTER TO EAT AT McDonalds upstairs in the Mid-way
1	Definitely not work the money. Sure it seems like you have a decent amount of options, but everything is so dry and bleh. I had to mask all of my plate with sweet an sour sauce that they offered.The only thing edible in the desserts section was the chocolate chip cookies. The cream in the cream puffs was a strange...and translucent. The cheesecake was more like a thick cheese-y jello on pie crust.You're better off forking out another 10 dollars and eating at a better buffet!
2	Had breakfast here. Am I eating at Hometown Buffet? That's the vibe I got.Only buffet I ever ate at in my life where I only went up for food twice. (I'm usually a 4 or 5 round minimum. ask my stomach)Cheap in price, so you get what you pay for.
2	Pro: Short wait, friendly staff, cheap breakfast Con: Get your own drinks, small selection, questionable fruits. Met my uncle here to chat about family life during breakfast hours, it wasn't my first choice, but it was close to CES, so yea. Food were hot and plenty... for $11 dollars, I couldn't really complaint about much. Could you get better food for less at IHOP? Of course, but it is available and you probably won't die from the food there.
1	When i was a kid, a long long time ago (well...not that long ago). My mom would take us to this buffet. I remember it quite clearly because it was like $2.99 for breakfast.  This was the first place I had pigs in a blanket and cream of chipped beef. I guess your taste buds did not develop until you are old enough to vote because I thought that this was the best thing in the world since sliced bread. It is now the year 2010. WTF was I thinking. I would not feed this crap to homeless people. Nor would I box it up and send it to Somalia. It is for a lack of a better word, despicable. FIN
1	Do yourself a favor and avoid this buffet at all costs.  The entire experience reminded me of eating at the dorm ... except when I was in college we had better food.  My fiancee and I, having never been to Las Vegas before, booked a long weekend at the Circus Circus hotel (which was a mistake).  After a long day of relaxing by the pool, we decided we'd eat at the buffet for dinner and then hit the town.  Walking into the buffet area we were greeted by a cast of very unenthusiastic employees.  After paying a cashier who could barely crack a smile, we stood in line probably a good 5 minutes waiting to be seated.  This seemed bizarre because the place was half empty.  It didn't help that the woman letting people in the buffet to be seated didn't communicate with us at all and acted as if getting us to a table was a military operation.Once we sat down, we were let loose to get what we wanted.  Everything was self serve.  They were serving tacos, rubbery fried shrimp, really lame "orange chicken", some greasy pizza, and a whole host of other really mediocre stuff.  The salad bar was ok, but the "bacon bits" they had out were swimming in a pool of fat.  Even dessert table was a disgrace.  The cookies were hard and mostly tasteless and the pies were a total let down.They might advertise about the buffet being one of the largest on the strip ... but large does not equal excellence in this case.  Do yourself a favor and pay a few dollars more to get into a decent buffet.
1	The worst imaginable food.  Disgusting.  A joke.
1	We stopped by the Circus Circus buffet for lunch after taking a break from Adventuredome and I have to say that this might be the worst buffet I've been to. It's a toss up between here and the buffet at South Point. Circus Circus might win out for the worst buffet because their employees weren't very friendly and did a terrible job of cleaning plates off tables.First of all, let me address the food. I've been spoiled by going to the buffets at Bellagio, Wynn, and M Resort where the selections are endless and quality is top notch. But, here... dios mio... it's abysmal. They have four different stations: breakfast, lunch, salad, dessert.Breakfast- waffles: soggy- pancakes: dry and hard- bacon: burnt - cheese blintzes: ok- sausage: you can get better quality in the frozen food section of any grocery storeLunch- mashed potatoes: good- taquitos: dry, hard to swallow- fried shrimp: decent- pizza: reminded me of cafeteria food at my high school- chicken fingers: limp, the breading was a little soggy- penne pasta: average- green beans and mixed veggies: average- They also had burgers and fried chicken which i didn't trySalad Bar- pasta salad: decentDesserts- cookies: the best this buffet has to offer.- brownie: dry and crumbly.- carrot cake: dry and crumbly.- raspberry cheesecake: mushy but decentThere just wasn't much to choose from in this buffet and the stuff they did have was poor quality. We tried most of what they had, but nothing was above average. When your best items are mashed potatoes and cookies you know you're in trouble. The service was just plain bad. We had a pile of dishes sitting on the edge of our table that wasn't picked up until we were ready to leave. Thank god we got free passes to this place because I would be pissed if I actually had to spend money to eat here.
2	Bleh.Fought a stampede and had dinner here with typical American fare - roast beef, mashed potatoes, macaroni and cheese, vegetables, etc. Entree items were a hair above school cafeteria food, but everything at the dessert bar was fashioned from plastic and completely inedible. That huge beverage dispenser room was pretty cool though.
1	We had lunch there. Avoid at all cost. Spend couple more bucks and eat at other hotels. This was worse than Hometown buffet.
1	The Skinny: $14 per person for fake mashed potatoes and three buffet lines serving the same stuff (ought to be 0 stars), no service (0).My hubby's cousin was in town and really wanted to eat at Circus Circus because their 18 month old was with them. Trust me, if it was up to us, we would never venture into this place especially on a Memorial Day Weekend. We went in line and waited 1/2 hour.Went in thinking - well how badly can they mess up hamburgers/hot dogs/french fries. Oh, you should be so lucky to have those things at the buffet!They had a very limited selection of food items - if you could qualify what they're serving to be food. French beans cooked until brown, mashed potatoes you make from a box, "burritos" that taste worse than frozen ones,  poached fish that probably was sitting in the same liquid for days (yes, it started to have that bad fishy smell)... I could go on and on but I'm not. Needless to say that when I saw this, hamburgers and french fries from McDonalds sounded like ambrosia.And get this... their buffet line is three lines of the exact same thing. How this mediocrity could be repeated 3 times over is really beyond me. Usually I have something good to say when it comes down to dessert. Tried their lemon meringue pie and it was awful. Texturally, the crust was soggy, the lemon curd was like really bad fake jello and the meringue tasted like plastic. Eww-eww-eww.Honestly, I feel very lucky for my husband and I to have endured this ordeal without a bout of gastro afterwards.There are so many places better than this - really. I never believed I would say this, but the food at Mickey D's is better than this and has better value.
1	Only reason I ate there was "kids eat free".  The boxed cereal was good.  Kelloggs sure does know how to make their Corn Flakes.
2	I wanted to see if this place still had the same service and quality since i was a kid. After going through a barrage of marketing and families, our group saw the Circus Buffet Sign only to be seeing a HUGE LINE for just BREAKFAST. It wasn't a zig zag line, it was just 3 lines and it was short...lol. I noticed that a lot of people are getting a day pass or the All You Can Eat Pass...lol. Geez...talk about Gluttony in the City of Sin. We had four in our party ($10.49 per person) with the 8.1% Sales Tax. Our total was $45.36.After you pay, you are seated and off you go. There are two sides and the both serve the same things, but from what I heard, breakfast is the best time to go. I got myself eggs, sausages, corn hash, sausage patties, pancake wrapped pie, bacon, and anything breakfast. They had a drink section which is larger than their breakfast area. They had different kinds of milk to sodas..lol. I guess hydration is more important.One plate of food had done it for me. I got fruit, but it didn't help. It was like they added MSG or something to make you get full fast. Oh well, it was a good breakfast, but wasn't average breakfast. I would like to have seen more or even include Brunch since we came in at 1030am. Hope you Have Fun here and Keep Yelping!!
1	Cheap as far as buffets on the strip go, but not very good and I could have easily gotten a better meal for the same price that was not all you can eat. The mashed potatoes were a little watery, and the selection was pretty limited. Plus, there were children crawling everywhere and it made you feel like you were in the kiddie section of Disneyland. I was also kind of sad that I couldn't order alcohol throughout my meal. I must say though, I got pretty excited when I found the kids food section after the first disappointing plate. I'm always happy eating pizza, because for some reason "bad" pizza tends to be decent. Two thumbs up on the frozen yogurt machine, that's one thing I'll never grow out of.
1	Truly one of the worst places to eat at in Vegas.I ate here a while back and it's just plain horrid.Even old white people won't eat here.
1	If I could give this place 0 stars I would, that is how bad the food was. It seemed like they had only cooked 10 dishes and sadly the most memorable dish was the frozen corn. I didn't think it was humanly possible, but I have finally found a buffet worse than Hometown Buffet. Good job Circus Circus.
1	Yeah, it's cheap, but it's the worst buffet in Las Vegas. I came here, years ago, but I see that nothing has changed much. From what I remember, the fish was rubbery (it's always iffy with seafood at buffets unless you go to the Rio) and the selection seemed big, but when the food is not good, why bother?
3	The food here is ok to good but varies a lot. Serving tables are set too hot as are the heat lamps so food that's fresh from the kitchen is better than stuff that's been sitting. Salad table is fine as are the deserts.  And in any case it's considerably better than what I've been eating in Beatty for the last two days.
1	This is hands down one of the worst buffets on the Strip. The only redeeming qualities of this buffet are the cheap price and the small miracle that neither of us suffered food poisoning afterwards. Oftentimes you get what you pay for, but this is still an abysmal value when the food is this bad. Both my wife and I agree that we wouldn't come back even if it was completely free. In fact, you couldn't even pay us to eat here again.The astute reader may ask that as LV locals we should have known better. Yes, we certainly did, BUT my cousin was visiting and insisted on going here, at least in part because her 18 month old is a picky eater. She was certain that this buffet would have kid-friendly foods that her child would be willing to eat. Having read the lousy reviews about this place but not actually experienced it for ourselves, with great trepidation, we agreed to meet them there, hoping it wouldn't be quite as bad as reported. Unfortunate for us, our hopeful optimism turned to despair when the reality unfolded before our eyes and tastebuds.For about 45 minutes, we endured the throngs of adults and screaming children waiting to get in. This many people can't be wrong, right? Oh yes, they certainly can and so very, very wrong at that. We were seated close to one of the three buffet lines, but it was all downhill from there. For a buffet that caters to families with small children, you would not believe the near Herculean effort it took to obtain a simple high chair! Finally we get in the first buffet line and are presented with a VERY limited selection of unappetizing items. Please refer to my wife's (Candace C) or others' reviews if you really need the gory details. I am having PTSD just thinking about it. Hey, maybe we'll have better luck with the other two buffet lines. Our collective jaws drop when we realize that all three lines are serving the same food! Maybe the salad and dessert lines will be half decent. No such luck. To add insult to injury, our used plates of barely eaten food continued to accumulate and remain uncleared on our table. With service like that, it's a good thing that the soft drinks were self-serve. But enough of the horror, it's time to wrap things up.Now typically when I visit a buffet, self-restraint takes a back seat and like most customers, I like to get my money's worth. This is one of the few buffets where I actually left still hungry. That in a nutshell is the take home message. Sorry coz, I love you, but if you insist on coming here next time, you will be dining without us!
1	So Circus Circus Reno buffet = awesome, therefore Circus Circus Vegas buffet = also awesome?  No way.Circus Circus Reno Courtyard Buffet is one of the best buffets in Reno with so much variety, seafood, and a create your own Chinese dish station.Vegas, not so much.  Probably a grand total of 20 items.  I never thought I'd have to resort to eating from the kids section, but I did!  But hey, the fried shrimp makes it all worth it right?  I'm just wondering what happened to that buffet I used to love as a kid, coming to Vegas multiple times?I think the only good thing about this buffet is the fact that the bathroom is within the walls of the buffet.
2	Too many other buffets in Vegas that have better food for the same price. Food here was not horrible, however it left me unsatisfied. The staff was very nice and cordial, but I was there for the food.
1	We paid 13.99 per person and there was two aisles of the same exact food! Small amount of choices, not the best quality, not worth my money. Save your time and money, find another buffet but this one!
4	I was just there yesterday and am suprised by the low ratings.  We were a party of 6 and seated in about 10 minutes although the line looked huge from the entrance.  It is not a bad price for what you get. The eggs were perfectly cooked. The coffee is piping hot.  The cheese blintzes were spot on (and that's difficult to do in a buffet setting).  The croissants were crunchy on the outside soft on the inside perfect.  The biscuits and gravy were only so so.  They had many different kinds of juices/sodas and the omelets were marvelous.  I was leary of this place but it was much better than expected!
2	Nice staff.... down hill from there. Food dried out. If you paid 7 or 8$ for the meal then maybe it would pass but for 14.95 not worth it at all. Save your money to gamble, go to mcdonalds to eat....
1	don't waste your time!!!!! The have like- 10 things to choose from. I filled up on salad, & dessert instead of eating the other crap they had.
1	well..... just go to mcdonalds. the food is bland and it tastes old. there's really nothing else to say about it. good thing this isn't the only buffet in vegas
1	Worst buffet I ever had. Very limited choice and taste very bad.
2	Very small selection. I think it was $15 a person. Seriously... I think you are better off grabbing a burger. The desert was cool, but food wise.. you literally get up to grab your food, and that's it.... there is no extra food that will be coming out, just chicken, grill or fried, mashed potatoes, veggies, and a few others.. but nothing is special about this buffet. The wait to get in was crazy... and I still can't understand why.
1	Over priced, not for a vegas buffet but for just food of such quality, and nothing really appealing. Most of the food was cold or had sat out for far too long even if it was warm.
2	Not so good. There were some high points like the beverage area, the fried shrimp, and the breakfast-type casserole. Other than that, too many damn lines, greasy bacon and potatoes, rubbery/watery/artificial eggs, watered down o.j., rubbery crepes, mushy waffles, "off tasting" pecan pie, and on and on.One of the worst things I could say about this place is that Home Town Buffet is a step up (if you're familiar with this restaurant I speak of, and you disagree, then the Circus Circus Buffet may be the place for you).
1	This was a horrible buffet. No selection, the food was average at best. Considering this seems to be more of a kid friendly hotel, I'd have thought it would have been better food and more selection. NOT worth your money at all.
2	A pretty basic buffet and probably the worst in town but it's cheap and there was enough here for a decent breakfast.  The kids liked it and it's definitely family friendly.
3	We ate here the last evening we stayed at Circus, Circus.  It wasn't horrible.   We just walked in, no line.  The drink and dessert lanes were nice.   Salad bar was basic but fresh tasting.  They had several different set ups-a fried chicken and fixings, a turkey and fixings, one kids foods-pizza type stuff, a carving station with roast beef, turkey and pork roast I think, a fish/seafood section nothing to get too excited about, and a taco area.  We ate here the night after a rather disappointing dinner at the Garden Grill. The buffet was actually an improvement.  If you are staying in the hotel,  too tired after a long day of walking and if there isn't a long line it's ok.  It wouldn't be that great if you had to wait in line. And definately wouldn't make a special trip to visit.
1	My personal opinion:1) In my opinoin the food is NOT good and somewhat gross.  It is cheap yes..but trust me...if you want cheap there is a McDonalds upstairs. It reminds me of the Vegas Vacation buffet where Clark had to decide between blue and yellow.2) It looks like there is a lot of selection but when we went the sections just repeated the same items. So each row of food was essentially the same.
1	Even after seeing all the negative reviews of this place, Me and my girl went here for lunch, I tried to stay a little optimistic about going here, only reason being I had a pass for (2) free buffets, so I didnt spend a dime on the meal,  the tip only!  The only semi highlight of this place was the beverage stations, which had juices, milk, chocolate milk, skim, sodas, coffee, tea etc. and the dessert station which had more to choose from than a Hometown Buffet.  At the carving station (which I hoped to be some type of meat) of the buffet they featured cheese pizza, pepperoni pizza, and veggie pizza as well as potato chips (sarcasm but truth) . Everything here tasted not very good, but it was free for us so I could not complain too much lol.  Will never go here again unless its free, even then will think about it..  Server was good though, but review was based solely on food experience, not recommended at all.  Price for lunch would have been $13.99 each.  Total rip off, better off going to Mcdonalds up stairs lol.
1	Worst buffet in Vegas! And I've been to them all. The boulder station now has been beat and loses it's crown as worst Vegas buffet. $12 breakfast buffet includes: no omelette station, no carving station, get your own beverages, and very subpar food. Never again even if it was what it's worth, maybe$4.99 still not worth it. Yuck, wonder if I can start a petition to shut it down ;( On the one positive note the ladies who work there are really nice and fast at removing plates.
2	Yes the food is average tending to low. My wife agrees with most people here that the best item from this buffet is the fried shrimp. As for me, I liked the fried chicken. I don't eat it that much but the pieces I had were pretty good, though a bit salty. Tried lunch buffet today, heading tomorrow for breakfast. We got a really cheap all-inclusive package so buffet is included. Can't agree about lines, dude, the place was really empty today. Then again it was Wednesday.
1	Terrible...so so so terrible. Even if it was free i would have to seriously think about it.
1	I went to Vegas for a vacation recently and happened to eat at the buffet at Circus Circus. It's cheaper than most buffets in Vegas, and apparently the quality reflects the price tag. The food was super nasty and oily and I just could not finish what was on my plate. Never, I repeat, NEVER eat here!!! I would rather pay more to eat at one of the buffets at Paris...
1	Horrible buffet. Do not eat here even if it is one of the cheapest buffets on the strip. We ate here because it was where we were staying and we had a buy 2 get 2 free coupon. So it came out to ~$7 per person. HOWEVER, even that wasn't worth how bad the food tasted and how low the variety of foods there was. 1) Everything tasted like cardboard and seemed like they just microwaved it. 2) They made it seem like there was a great variety of foods to choose from when each section had the same foods. 3) The desserts were horrible and the ice cream was whatever too. None of us got seconds and we left very unsatisfied. Next time we go back to vegas we are not going here.
3	My boyfriend & I got free buffet passes for this buffet so we used it all 3 days haha.We came here for lunch ($11.99 per person). Not much of a line. The worker's are nice and friendly. Food was EH. Their popcorn shrimp was good, I also liked the pizza. I prefer their breakfast than their lunch. Not really much to say :(
2	Just a Ho-Hum run of the mill buffet. Nothing good, only food to keep you going for your gambling hours. It cost two adults $30.25 for the buffet. So uneventful...it was like watching a Kevin Kostner movie...they are usually long and tedious with lots of little things here and there but nothing awesome that sticks with you.
5	I honestly can not BELIEVE some of these reviews; I read them all before going on our vacation this past week. I thought,"Let's just risk it, because the price is cheap and kids eat free." We have four small children-after we got all our plates and sat down to eat, we were EXTREMELY and PLEASANTLY surprised with how delicious the food was!!I don't know what kind of food these people that have left bad reviews are eating-this is a buffet, people. An American buffet with American food! There was GREAT variety, and the food was pretty tasty. If you're worried because of these bad reviews, IGNORE THEM. These people have NO idea what they're talking about; it's a great buffet with great food, and GREAT prices! Best of all, they have a KIDS EAT FREE PROMOTION right now!
1	This was one of the most disgusting buffets I went to in Vegas.  Granted, we only went there because we were meeting up with a family with two kids.  I was not really looking forward to it, because I had heard bad things about it before.The variety of food available was horrible, and it tasted even worse!  I had some turkey and stuffing, but the turkey was paper dry and the stuffing was mush.  It seemed to be about as wet as a good bowl of porridge.  Oh, and it was about as bland as could be.As other reviewers have mentioned, much of the other food had the consistency of cardboard and seemed as though it had just been microwaved.  Even the food in the "kids" section was gross, but at least they had (cardboard) pizza.  The salads seemed okay, but I cannot eat that much salad!  I guess the best part was the dessert, but even that was weak in comparison to many other buffets I've been to before.Even if you have kids, I would strongly recommend going somewhere else.  The only reason these guys are still in business is because of the cheap prices ($15 for dinner).  People need to start taking their families elsewhere in order for the message to get through to management.  Even then I doubt it would be improved much.  Most other buffets have something for everyone, including kids.  But I don't get letting your kids have crap such as mac and cheese when there are far better options available.
2	Circus Circus has one of the most tragic buffets in Vegas.  (Probably next to that Railroad Casino buffet.  Please see my review for a detailed description of that hot mess.)  Luckily, my dad got enough points to comp part of this meal.  Otherwise, I woulda opted to eat at the Auntie Ann's or a Nathan's hot dog.  Or a bag of chips.  Or a Red Bull.  It's like Old Country Buffet, basically.  There were some highlights - like the mashed potatoes and jello.  But...that's about it.  I think the interior is exactly the same as it was when I was 9 and came here for the first time.  Pass!
2	Terrible!!!   Don't waste your money here.
1	The line must get so crazy long for this place that there is actually a sign that reads "from this point your wait is _____. Don't be fooled. You are not in line and waiting for the thrill to ride a world class roller coaster. We had no wait, and THAT was too long for the food at this buffet.Muffins come fresh from Costco or Sam's Club. And the coffee is just bad. You may think you are going to get a lot for your money because it is a buffet. But we cursed the day we walked in there and wasted our money. The next day we went to Denny's and the following IHOP. You will find better buffets in your own hometown no matter where you live. But I thought since this was Vegas, we would get something better. WRONG!
2	Remove box of frozen food items, microwave, place on serving trays. TahDah!I have been to the breakfast and dinner multiple times, the only reason this gets a 2 is because its all you can eat, and it has never made me sick before.Staff is unhappy, and some have an attitude like they are in a rush or you are bothering them. The line to amount of open tables does not make sense.The food has about as much flavor as cardboard. It reminds me of my college dining hall. Thank god for BBQ sauce,Tabasco and syrup or i wouldn't realize i was eating food.For about $10 more you can get a flawless meal at Bellagio.
1	Utter piece of crap.-1 star.
2	Been here multiple times even as a child and still disappointed. Only went here again (in years) on Christmas believing that it might of improved & probably have better food since it's the holidays......but nope......still the same as it ever was. HARDLY any food choices. I think the Dessert section had MORE choices than the dinner section too. I really don't understand why there's always a line here. Mc Donald's in Midway is better than this. Really one star; gave it another for the chocolate fudge cake they had (probably the only good thing there in my opinion).
1	I was in LV for my NYE extravaganza! I wanted to end my trip with something good, but not too expensive as I had already spent so much money during the trip. My wallet was light, but still felt like ending my trip with a buffet. My friends & I decided to take a trip down the trip to ol' Circus Circus. We had called prior to making our decision, and the buffet lady had told us that the selections were more towards lots of seafood & holiday favorites... We were extremely excited.No wait, YAY! We paid our $12.00 per person ticket and entered. We saw three different buffet lines, and wanted to hurry and eat. I checked the first line and thought to myself... Fried chicken, mashed potatoes, steamed carrots, fried soggy salmon & pizza.........hmm..........where's the seafood? I look to my left, and see that there is "Seafood Linguine".........................is this the "seafood" the lady had mentioned? Oh boy. I went to the other line and my jaw dropped. It was the EXACT same items as the other lines, just separated. -______________-NEVER AGAIN will I return to this buffet, never again.
1	I went because I got free buffet tickets with my stay. The first time, I tried dinner. Bland food, very few choices. The second time, I went to breakfast. The butter they had near the pancakes was a huge mistake. I probably could have had a decent pancake if I hadn't put that butter on it. The eggs were off for some reason. I am a foodie, so I know what scrambled eggs are supposed to taste like. These eggs were weird tasting. Maybe they were powdered eggs or something. The bacon was excellent. I eventually settled on a salad (never had a salad bar at breakfast but I am glad it was there) and a croissant. The convenience of not having to leave the hotel just wasn't worth it.
4	I'm gonna be honest here...Circus Circus is not meant to be fancy or expensive. For the price of $16.99 a person, the food is not going to be interesting and the selection is going to suck. This buffet is for people who are on a budget and who cannot afford to pay freaking $40 a person for buffet at the Wynn or Bellagio (like me). I do think the food here is pretty good for the price (heyy...it's vegas!). They did have bomb corn muffins (cornbread) though and we did sneak a few into our purses (yesss I'm asian....LOL). Other than that, I'm really not complaining. My family and I always come here whenever we're in Vegas.
2	I hate to do this, because I can see that this end of the strip is hurting, but the buffet was extremely underwhelming.  It is like they have thrown in the towel.  I would say the chicken soup was the best thing I had, I could tell they made it there, but I guess the days of loss leader awesome buffets to get you in to stay and gamble, are gone.  Noone would go back to this or crow about it.  Again, I am sorry, I don't want CC to close like the Sahara.
1	Do not eat here..the worst buffet in Vegas..
1	I recently had to go to Las Vegas for a business trip and thought we would try to see some of the sights.  We thought the Pink Pony was still around and Richard was all excited to eat there again.  We were sad to find it was no longer in business, but we were starving and decided on the buffet.This was awful.  Most of the food was completely inedible.  It looked and tasted like it had been out for hours.  It was all greasy and dried completely out.  Richard had prime rib, which was incredibly over cooked and extremely tough.  The best part was honestly the chocolate milk.  Even the cranberry juice delivered from an outside source had a weird, not-quite-right taste about it.  I forgot my computer on this trip, or else I would have yelped and saved myself about $35 on horrible, bland greasy "food".
3	I'm not sure what your expecting for $16.99. I didn't mind it. I was on a diet when I ate here. It was doable but I did end up using all my calories at breakfast. Crazy, right? It was just average. It wasn't horrible. I've had horrible. It's just on the lower end for Las Vegas...or as the locals call it Vegas..or maybe they just say LV!
2	The price for diner buffet after taxes was $16.20. The variety not very good, leaned heavy towards Mexican food. The deserts were loaded with sugar and fat. The waiter took my silverware away despite that I told him that I was coming back, I told him that this was not right. The man that was slicing the prime rib was not friendly and unresponsive. I was looking forward to have a buffet in vegas, I was disappointed. Next time I won't go to the Circus-Circus.
3	I'd say it's an ok buffet not the worst not the best. I'd come back again
1	DO NOT GO HERE. We decided to have dinner here since we were staying at the hotel and we we're very tired after an 8 hour drive. BAD CHOICE!! Way overpriced and the food tasted like microwaveable frozen dinners. For $15.99, i expect much more than corn dogs, macaroni and cheese and tacos. I had a brownie and macaroons for dessert and it was hard as a rock! I will never go to this place again. So disgusting! I would give it 0 out of 5 stars if i could.
1	I wanted to just write reviews for places I think are awesome but wow. I really have to warn people about this place!Yelp did not lie to me, I should have trusted what people said here. This buffet has possibly some of the worst food I've ever had. Stay farrrr away! They even messed up HOT DOGS. They just sit there, soaking in liquids for who-knows-how-long. Hard-boiled eggs are tough like rocks and scrambled eggs are cold and unpleasantly mushy. The seafood pasta was bland. And all the breads and donuts and pastries were stale! I know Circus Circus is a bit of a walk from the Strip and this buffet is cheaper than others but it's worth the energy and money to go elsewhere! Even Hometown Buffet dumps on this place.Seriously, my boyfriend will eat anything and even he is turning up his nose. BAD BAD BAD.
4	I don't know what every one is complaining about! Seriously I'm vegetarian so I have HALF the options most people have here & I still had a yummy filling meal. There are steamed veges & mash & a nice salad selection that was quite impressive (considering the reviews I'd read previously) they also had a vegetarian soup selection which was nice. There was another bar we didn't even make it to, I can't even tell you what else was there that we may have missed! Lastly the desert bar was sooooo good! don't get me wrong, I am NOT easily impressed, but when you pay $17 for an all you can eat buffet you really need to be realistic. I actually really enjoyed it & I'm glad I went against the yelp reviews & tried it :)
1	Can you say "Ewwww"The best advice i can give you is for $1 more you can go to the LVH Hotel & Casino Buffet (which is 1 block down off the strip) and get way much better quality food!! I didnt want to touch anything at this buffet other than the salad and still the lettuce was brown!
4	Go during the lunch buffet. They have breakfast & lunch. The eggs are good and the bacon is crispy IF you wait until they refill it. If you don't wait--the bacon is not so crispy. Just a little tip :-). The dessert bar is worth it for sure. They have some yummy pies and cakes.  For the price--you really can't complain. Some of the food is better than others--that is why it's a buffet! Try a few things out until you find out what you like :-). Then just go get some more of what you like! Not so hard! For the price it's really a good deal. You may have to search around to find something you really like but hey--when you can eat all you want--why complain? Thank you Circus Circus.
4	I know this place has a lot of negative reviews, but my review is solely for their breakfast. We came here on a Friday morning, and ate here since we were heading towards Adventuredome. Five years ago Circus Circus was really the pits, and while some people may think so, the breakfast buffet wasn't bad at all. In fact, everything was cooked just right and seasoned perfectly. The options were plentiful, and I give them a lot of credit for their pastry section and omelette station. The place is gigantic, and for breakfast, you have an excellent selection!
2	I will have to admit that I was pretty disappointed with Circus Circus buffet.  It was much better than I thought it would be.  I came here hoping to recalibrate my Vegas buffet meter and I was looking for something that was a 1 or a zero.  Not to say that there still aren't elements that put them in the running for the worst buffet I have been to - including totally dried out food items, and rude staff.Long gone are the days when you could eat here for 5 bucks and get the worst case of heartburn in your life. Anything that incorporated a meat mixture tasted like they were using offal in their food long before it became trendy.  But sadly, the price has gone up to just under $20 for dinner and so has the quality.  Now, instead of being horrendous, they have climbed the rank to reach the status of dorm food - just palatable and recognizable enough. (any place that has milk dispensers is guaranteed to be like dorm food)To summarize my findings and some of the itemsCorn dogs - dried out and grey wieners just like you find at AM/PMSliced beef - I needed two gulps of water to get this baby down.  Dry dry dryFried chicken - greasy and dried out like the Hungry-Man frozen dinnersTaco meat - amazing reproduction of the beef filling used in Taco BellBurritos - an exact replica of Tina's 25 cent frozen burritosLasagna - Can we say Stouffer's?Mac n Cheese - Kraft Mac n Cheese is cheesierand my favorite... there is a station that has some stuff just labeled as "meat" - Awesome!!!
5	I ate breakfast at the "Circus Circus Buffet" in Las Vegas, NV on 10/6/2012.  It cost $12.99 without tax and tip.  I've eaten there many times before.  My bacon was much better than the last time I was here.  Not as fancy as many Vegas buffet's but very good for the price.
1	Food was Awful. Service was bad.Only go here if you really want to throw your money away!
1	If I could give it less than one star I would. I'm normally not a picky eater and I'll give anything a chance but I regret spending the $50 for my family of 3 here. Even my 6 year old knew it was a horrible meal. He loves mac and cheese, chicken fingers, corn dogs and white rice all of which he thought were gross here. Everything is fried which normally masks how low the quality of food is to begin with but when those items are barely edible that's pretty sad! Save your money and the potential for food poisoning, eat elsewhere. And to the execs at Circus Circus: Invest a little money into your namesakes buffet and hire a few real chefs to give this place a much needed overhaul... You may actually start getting some positive feedback which in turn could turn into a steady flow of repeat customers. Just a suggestion!!
2	My boyfriend wanted to check out this hotel/casino and our group was starving so we decided that for the price, we would just suck it up and eat here. Um...........The food was meh. There was nothing that was such a hit that I felt the need to go back up to get it. Except maybe the diet Coke. Oh well, you live and you learn. Next time, we'll just stop at the Walgreens by the Venetian and get bags of Doritos.
2	I know what you're thinking....why would you COME here?!?!!  Yes...i am a 25 year old girl who is still a kid at heart and I wanted to come to circus circus to rekindle my childhood by playing games!  Is there anything wrong with that?  Well as we were walking, I was super hungry and was going to get a McRib at McDonalds but my dad saw a sign for a lunch buffet that was $12.  Okay I was desperate and hungry so we decided to go in.  First bite of mac and cheese and I was in heaven!  The food was good at first but then after awhile, everything just went downhill.  I had a little bit of everything and it seemed pretty mediocre or really bad!  I was so full that i forced myself to eat dessert because you can't have a meal without dessert!  I got some chocolate brownie cake and it was STALE!!  The desserts looked appetizing but all of them were pretty much stale or tasteless.  I think the only thing I enjoyed here after debating for awhile is the coffee:)  Yes, this is a pretty cheap place if you are looking to get some food but I would probably never come back here ever again. NOTE:-bathrooms inside the buffet
1	I used to come here when I was younger, probably 7 or 8 ish, the price is pretty dirt cheap and my parents almost always said the food is merely fast-food level. But I thought the food was pretty good. But as I matured, my palate did as well.The last time I came here was the summer of 2011, I was 13 at the time. Memories were spawned when I walked past here and I decided to eat there. The staff was rather disgruntled due to the fact it is late and I came in with my family. I even heard them quietly say "UGH, another group?!" well I am SO sorry that the dining area is a quarter filled and it is 8 in the night. It's Vegas, expect some people to come at night. I couldn't wait to eat the food, but as soon I sunk my teeth in the fried chicken, it was kinda chewier than i remembered it to be and the batter coating is pretty hard. I ended up getting cuts in my mouth from the chicken. It was pretty greasy too. I remember grease flowing from my fingers to my arms.  The sliced lamb was rather lean... None of the food didn't feel special enough to the point of getting seconds.I went to get dessert instead and got some chocolate eclairs and brownie cake. It tasted rather fake. What I mean by that is that it tasted like you would find it in the freezer section in the supermarket due to its dry and crumbly texture. For the rest of the time, I filled up on sprite and went home to my room to eat cup noodle because apparently, cup noodles tasted a whole lot better. I usually don't rate bad places with one star since I'm pretty lenient with rating, but this place downgraded ever since i was 8 and clearly deserves the one star.
3	Why all the hate?  This is an affordable, decent buffet.  I went yesterday for lunch and had good baked chicken, spaghetti with a very tasty marinara sauce, carrots and cole slaw, along with a really good brownie.  The buffet also featured two soups (beef barley and chicken noodle), a nice salad bar, an Asian foods section, a Mexican food section, an Italian foods section, including meatballs and pasta, chicken parmesan, and a vegetarian pasta.  Other selections included baked talapia, roasted and whipped potatoes, and fried offerings (I.e., chicken, shrimp).  You can also build your own burger or hot dog.  The dessert selection is vast.  Oh, and they still had breakfast items to choose from.  I wish they'd had more vegetables, but all in all, it was fine.  I would go back.
1	Probably, one of the worst buffets in Las Vegas.  The only good thing about it was that it was not too expensive.  Compared to similar priced buffets in Vegas though, this place is awful.  The food is tasteless.  It was so bad that I did not even eat too much which is really saying something for me cause I'll eat just about anything.Do not come to this buffet.  Your money would be better spent or gambled elsewhere.
3	Good enough for the price.
4	What a pleasant breakfast buffet!This buffet is not elegant like the Billagio or Wynn buffets down the street but for the price there is more than enough to please. With an omelet bar and breakfast meats, biscuits, waffles and other international foods you cannot go wrong. There were also cereals and fruits available along with coffee, fruit drinks and other beverages.Not too sure why people complain soo much about this buffet. In Hawaii you could get a below par buffet for one at sizzler's for what we paid at the Circus Circus Buffet for two people.The only reason why this place didn't get a 5 star was the employees that tended to our table were either yelling over us in Spanish or Filipino to other workers and they seemed a bit rude to us after we were seated. But all in all it was not disappointing. It was appealing and I had a good 3-4 plates. It sure beats the McDonalds next door that gives small portions for 1/3 of the price, and if you are staying in the circus circus hotel it is definitely worth it if you don't want to walk to find food in what was at the time 20degree weather.
1	Okay, I was a poor college kid traveling with my friends few years ago and I still remember this horrible buffet now and want to WARN EVERYBODY NOT TO GO THERE! Even if you pay me now. So, back then, we walked by their ad and saw some nice pictures for the circuit circuit dinner buffet. OH Boy... should have read the yelp reviews before we enter. My friends weren't even picky about food. We went there VERY HUNGRY but the everything there was just TERRIBLE. Food were cold, no flavor, taste like leftover from a long time ago. Let alone that all the "hot" food were either lurk warm or cold, shrimp didn't taste like shrimp, chicken didn't taste like chicken, cakes were terrible, the fruit didn't even taste fresh. We had to spit out some of the disgusting food. At the end, I think we all just ate a bunch of watermelon to fill our tummy.Service.... er...was there any?The next day, we decide to go to McDonald for Breakfast instead.
1	Do yourself a huge favor and stay away from the Circus Circus Barffet. Yes, Barffet. The food is crap and usually luke warm. Rugrats using their fingers for their special meal and a cafeteria-like setting that resembles a run-down middle school cafeteria is what you can expect....and to add insult to injury, I found a 'high protein' fly in my biscuits and gravy, as well as hair in the runny scrambles eggs! Run away as fast as you can! You have been warned!
2	The buffet dining room is a huge amount of space to fit tons of people but the food choices are very little.  Nothing great in the flavor area and nothing you cant eat at a regular hometown buffet. Best thing tomeat was the banana pie..
2	I admit to only trying the buffet once, but really it was hardly edible. Nearly 20$ a person for the dinner buffet and most everything my party of 4 attempted to eat was inedible. The salad bar was very sad with few ingredients. The vegetable dishes were soggy and flavorless. The pasta was soft and mushy. The prime rib was tough and overcooked. I did have an unlimited supply of soda and coffee and my banana tasted pretty normal, but other than that I was sad to have spent the money. I had debated getting a subway sandwhich instead and wished I had stuck to that idea. I know everything in Vegas is expensive, but there are many similar priced buffets that are higher quality. Its hardly worth the price to pay for something that is all you can eat if you can only eat half of what you put on your plate. Service was attentive.
1	I was so shocked to see people with more than two stars for this buffet! We came with a large group and stayed at Circus Circus so we thought the next morning we would try out their breakfast buffet, and let me tell you WHAT A MISTAKE! The food was horrible!  I think the best thing I consumed was the Sierra Mist, the omelet, and the granola.  The waffles tasted like frozen sawdust, the fruit was not sweet, they use off-brand cereals that look like they have sat there for years. The french toast was terrible.  I cannot say much good about this place.  It was dingy and seemed very old fashioned (in my opinion).However,  one pleasant thing also was our waitress.  She was so friendly and helpful, and she never lost the smile from her face.  For $13 you paid there (I believe it was) you can take that money and eat at the Stratosphere for a little more and have a much more pleasant dining experience.
1	No good. Old and outdated and the food was on par with hometown buffet. Very bland. All the employees have such deep accents it is very hard to ask any questions.
1	We came to Adventure dome for the children and did not want to leave Circus Circus to eat so we went to the Buffet at 2:00 pm they were still serving mostly processed breakfast food. I ate the potatoes had to add fresh onion and hot chili flakes to bring in some flavor. My husband enjoyed the sole fish after drowning it with green onion and chili peppers taking a que from my potato hooker upper. He put it on top of black beans and corn and declared he found a meal I was happy for him. 1 star for having a bathroom in the restaurant. The servers are rude the place is just a no star dud!
2	Take your hard earned dollars elsewhere. This buffet was very dissapointing. For a hotel that continued to fall short of mediocre, I hoped the buffet would be good, considering the price. I got exactly what I paid for in LasVegas. The other buffets are maybe 5 to 10 dollars more per person but you will easily get twice the selection of this place. Trust me, spend the money , if you eat here you'll be wishing you didn't.
2	Inexpensive by Vegas standard but you get what you pay for.  Much of it seemed to be pre-packaged frozen or out of a #10 can.  It was edible and if ya get enough it'll fill ya up.
1	Absolutely one of the worst buffets that I have ever eaten at. The only reason that we even ate here was because our breakfast buffet was partially comped. the only food that was edible was the hot dogs, mac and cheese and the mashed potatoes. We attempted to give all the items a chance to see if there was any room for redemption, but alas....don't bother coming here unless the food is free AND you're desperate, or you're going to drink enough soda and liquids to justify the price.
1	Horrible!! For $17 a person for dinner, you would think you would get something at least edible. The pork chops were like stones....my husband could not even cut them with a knife. Everything is obviously frozen and then reheated until its inedible or its from a can. Nothing was fresh. You have to get your own drinks and the area for that is just a complete mess. I hope you arent wanting dessert......they had ice cream and cookies....that's it. This was hands down the worst buffet I have ever been to.
1	Pretty horrible food. Dessert selection ok however but not worth price paid. Lucky for $20 food voucher or I would have asked for refund.
1	Came here years ago, but remember my "experience" vividly. It's without exception the worst buffet I've been to: everything was either dry, soggy, broken down, powdery, or a combination of these. And worst of all, we had to wait in lines for something that seemed straight out of the frozen foods section of a Walmart.Prices seemed to have gone up significantly since I was here. Why would anyone in their right mind spend more than $15 to eat here, let alone $5, when there are so many better (and even cheaper) dining options in Vegas?
2	I wish I could give this review 2.5 stars but 2 is the the best I could do.  I think there may be better buffets on the strip for the same price.  Breakfast $10.99 Lunch $15.99.  But it wasn't terrible so there you go.
1	I was shocked at the price of this buffet.  Vegas has gone sky-high from the good old days.  The buffet was terrible and my oatmeal was cold by the time I got through the line.  Will never go again.
2	We were on the far end of the strip since my daughter wanted to go there for the amusement games.  It was time for dinner and raining a little, so we decided to eat at the buffet.The price was low.We get seated and do the standard walk through to see what was available.  Wow this place looked just like a Country Buffet or Royal Fork.Fried chicken was really salty and greasy.  Greasy meaning that it had more oil than the normal fried chicken. More than KFC.The meat cutter at the beef station was really stingy and would only give me one, super thin slice.  I had to go back three more times to get enough to eat.Did I say he price was low?The other stuff was very uninspiring. The pasta dishes were mediocre at best.  Salad bar kind of sucked.For the desserts they seemed like the pies were store bought.  The crusts on the pies were definitely not flakely, more mealy.In regards to cleanliness, this place needs a good douche. It looks really weathered and needs to update the look to get it out of the '70s.Did I say the price was low?  Well you get what you pay for.I don't recommend you eat here unless you just want a large quantity of food for a low cost.
5	We came by to visit for the rides and the games for my son.  Where do I begin?  I don't know why so much bad hype about this place.  My wife, my son and I were here for about an hour.  All the food we got was fresh and tasted great.  We got from different salads to fresh clams... Yum! To ham, beef, turkey, tasty ribs and so much more.  I am a very picky eater and I will complain and judge a lot.  I guess when te other people that reviewed this location went by they had a bad experience but as far as I'm concerned, we ate a lot including a great selection of desserts.   I guess $16 bux a person its a little high considering u can probably get so much more and better from around all the other major casinos.   I'm trying a good seafood buffet next time.  Any recommendations ?
2	My wife, 5 yr old son and I had just arrived from Phoenix to Circus Circus at 7PM and we were starving so obviously we hit the buffet. Upon arrival, I could not believe how much the price was for dinner. It was $16.99 for adults and $11.99 for kids. Total price $49 bucks!  The food was decent but like others mentioned some of the offerings seemed like they were frozen items such as the pizza. The macaroni cheese was definitely boxed but even Kraft mac and cheese looked better than here at the buffet. For the price, there could have been more selections. The salad bar looked unappealing. The desert bar was average. All in all I will never eat at the buffet strictly due to the high cost and average selections.
1	This buffet sucks.Bad food... Crappy selection...Awful! Save your cash for something that doesn't totally suck balls!
1	Absolutely repulsive. They do not even try. I honestly did not expect such a disaster from a Vegas buffet that has been around for years. I expected to be less impressed than I was at the Bellagio, but to be disgusted and insulted by the fact that I paid for this? Yeah, that wasn't part of the plan.A five year old could do a better job of boiling pasta. How do you ruin pasta?? You have to clueless, careless, or miserable about your job. They should stop the people at the front from taking money until this place is fixed. I can't believe other people have had the same complaints for a very long time. Guess I should have read the reviews first like I normally do, but when you're drunk you're just thinking you want to eat ASAP.Well my fellow Vegas happy and hungry drunkies - please do us both a favor. Go elsewhere and get yourself a beautiful and delicious meal that is worth your money and doesn't hurt to look at. Even your drunk self will hate this place.
1	Please do not waste your money and eat at this buffet. Food was not fresh. The selection of food was very unappetizing. The drink station tasted watered down. And the place didn't seem very clean. Save your money folks!
1	DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY!! I would  give this no stars if I could . Half of our food was cold and the other half the French toast, the biscuits , waffles were hard. The sausage and bacon were beyond greasy and disgusting. The only decent thing were the drinks .
1	Its terrible. Not good at all. My grandmother used to take us to circus circus for a week. and bring us here all the time because it was cheap. It was terrible. Breakfast lunch or dinner. It dont matter it just dont take good at all. I rather go to slots of fun for a hamburger and hot dog. That place isnt even that great but its better than this buffet. I dont even like mcdonalds but you are better off going there.
1	Just awful. The few items I could stomach to put on my plate went straight to the garbage. I feel like cattle being trough-fed slop
2	Wow this was pretty bad! The set up is kind of weird because the stations were all separated. My bf and I agreed that all the dishes were hit or miss - either good or really, really bad. The mac n cheese was inedible, stay away from that. Weirdly enough, the salad bar was really good! They also had delicious tomato and mozzarella balls. My bf enjoyed the dessert, there's a nice little selection of pies. I thought I'd be having a nice, big bowl of chocolate mousse, however it ended up tasting like whipped jello pudding (yuck).
4	Not sure what these yelpers were expecting, but I think the Circus Circus buffet was pretty good.  The food was typical of buffet food, but they get the extra star for their efficient and courteous.   We were quickly shown to a table, and they removed dishes as soon as we were done with them.  I'd compare it to Old Country Buffet.We went early and there was no line, later it looked a bit crowded.
1	Just awful. The few items I could stomach to put on my plate went straight to the garbage. I feel like cattle being trough-fed.  Florescent lighting, sticky booths, surrounded by crying children.  It was like being stuck in a Hieronymus Bosch painting.  I ordered two beers out of necessity, just to numb the horror.  The best part is that you're at  the back of the casino and sort of have to maze-find your way out, if you need to run out screaming or with a panic attack.  Oh and hey, there are no windows.  Of course.  I mean this truly: Someone would have to pay ME $300 to go back there and eat a plate of 'food'.
4	Good buffet for family's. Everyone crying about it but you should know the better buffets are down the strip. Fast clearing our plates hot fresh food on a Friday. Bad thing is drinks like oj n apple juice is warm and with ice it gets water down.
1	We only went here because at check in they gave us a $20 coupon towards their buffet. We still paid $26 after coupon for 2 adults and one child for brunch. Food was definitely all out of the freezer and put in the microwave. My kid liked it, us adults didn't. Definitely a very low end buffet.
4	I really don't understand why this place gets really low stars. My experience was great. the food was good, the beverage station is awesome ! from scramble eggs to donuts ! menudo served on the weekends... lots of fruits! it was a great breakfast.
4	Got in 10 minutes before it's closed, still handful food available. Not any special to be remembered.
3	Decent buffet. Had the basics and a large variety of different foods. Some of the food was not as good as they looked or could have been better. I did however enjoy the fresh pasta bar and the desserts were pretty good. My cousin thought some of the staff was rude though..
3	I wasn't to impressed with the food quality for the price I paid. $18.99 an adult. Very nice inside. The ice cream was half melted coming out of the machine. The glasses they give you for drinks are kids sizes do make sure you grab 5 of them plus I didn't see any trays so you have to make 3 trips for your first sitting unless you can juggle very well. Food tastes OK depending on what you get. The chicken strips were very good and THEY HAVE CLAMS but no butter sauce.. All in all, it's ok.
4	Great price. Great variety. Even have a kids section. Decent priced. They have it broken in sections which is nice where you can focus on one section of food at a time.
2	Basically over priced, it's TV dinners baked. I would have rather spent a extra $5 on each plate and ate somewhere else. We came to this hotel for our kids, which this buffet causes one of them to have diarrhea. Imagine walking off the food cause it left us bloated he then out of nowhere said I need to go to the bathroom bad. Ugh NEVER again. Over priced and not worth it !!!
4	You get what you paid for. Good cheap meal compared to strip prices you can't beat it.
2	Super dirty casino that seems more than a flea market than a hotel. Have to walk through it to get to the buffet.  Buffet kind of like an Old Country Buffet experience.  The food was ok, mac and cheese great.  As expected lots of families with kids, so it was kind of noisy and chaotic.  After visiting some of the other venues on the strip, Circus Circus seemed a bit outdated.  If you are looking for food  and don't really care about the atmosphere, or quality go for it.  We were pretty desperate, and the variety filled us up. I must say, the cleanliness of the place exceeded my expectations.
3	We just had the breakfast buffett. The fried, diced potatoes were not very warm. The pastries were mostly stale. My advice would be to have them make you a fresh omelet, it was good. It's pretty expensive for what is offered. I prefer Shoney's breakfast buffett to Circus Circus buffett.
1	This buffet is well known for one thing. The worst buffet on earth. It even has a bad odor. You will be hard pressed to find anything that looks worth putting in your mouth.
4	Why are people trippin? It really wasn't thay bad. I thought the food was good and the employees got us a seat fast even though their was a long line. I liked it. Not the best but it was good.
1	This is like Country Buffet Type food. No steaks, not enough seafood, no crab legs. . They couldn't even seat 13 people together. The food they had was below Vegas quality. Not coming back.
1	First to state I was really disappointed with my experience at circus circus in general. But me and my brother were so tired by the time we got to the hotel that making the effort of going out to eat any where else didn't seem worth is. As for "cheap" yeah I guess so but simply adding a beer made the meal about $30 per person which didn't feel that cheap at all. The food all tasted and looked like it had been frozen and the decor was more school cafeteria then vacation. The only nice thing I can say is that the staff were very nice. And if you had very picky children I guess there could be appeal. But other then that save your money if you want to eat mediocre food and go to mcdonalds.
4	Went during brunch hours. Price was reasonable for the variety of food offered. Good for families with young kids since they have a section for kids favorite foods. The staff was friendly and very attentive.
1	I have very fond memories of coming to Circus Circus when I was a child, my family and I always made it a priority to come to Circus Circus when ever we visited due to the family friendly environment. We went to the midway arcade and watched the free circus shows and to end the fun filled day we would dine at at the Circus Circus Buffet. Unfortunately food quality has gotten alot worse since the last time I visited. The food is hard, stale, and overcooked. The choice of foods now is also much more limited. The beverage oasis has watered down drinks and broken down mocha machines. Im suprised at how bad things have gotten. At this rate I dony know how much longer they will be able to stay in business.
2	Located in Circus Circus Hotel Casino on The Las Vegas Strip. Ok so I went for breakfast, I was not wowed. It wasn't bad just not great. There is better and cheaper in Las Vegas. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
1	Horrible buffet ~ plastic serving spoons in hot dishes.Super low quality meat dishes and sugar loaded tired dishes. Hometown Buffett looks like a high class 5 star restaurant next to Circus circus Buffett.How hard to put some metal utensils inside hot dishes ? Shame on the person who oversee this place.
2	We have never been to Circus Circus until our most recent visit. We wanted to show Ian all the acts etc. (That's another story) and needless to say we were hungry running after Ian and wanted to grab a quick bite. Since there was no line for the buffet, we decided to check this out.Pros:1) No line2) $39 for two at a Vegas buffet?Cons:1) This place is on par with a Hometown buffet or Golden Corral. If I would have known this, we would not have gone in. (-1)2) None of the menu items tasted good. Well, other than the root beer from the soda fountain. Meat was not tender, Fried shrimp was undercooked, food itself lacked flavor (-1)3) Omelette station was closed. (-1)
5	Me and My husband went to the Circus Buffet for dinner on a wednesday night and were absolutely blown away !To start.... the PRICE ! aweeesome.Friendly service!I love that we can get our own drinks because we have been to other Las Vegas buffets and it could be so busy at times that we are left with empty cups!The food was delicious! We tried a little bit of everything and can't say a bad thing about the place. The made to order pasta was to die for & super fresh !! My favorite thing by far!!!There was no seafood and it wasn't as good as some of the more expensive buffets but its definitely worth the $18 bucks !!! go check it out !!!
1	Horrible experience and food. Brought kids to play figured we could eat.   Bad idea. Food is very bad.   Management can care less about a customer service.    Don't recommend.  Food is really really bad.   Our fault should have done Homework before going, no wonder it's 2 stars
