2	Service was very slow. The lunch buffet was non existent there was like one slice of pizza cold and sitting out and on top of that we waited 10 minutes at the door and weren't acknowledged. Extraordinarily disappointed and will not return for that reason.
4	I changed my mind..I like this Pizza Hut. The servers are all very friendly and the food is consistently good. The lunch buffet is a great deal for $6.99 (Jan 2014), and has pizzas, breadsticks, salad and pastas. Vegetarian options for my girlfriend were there and tasted good. Speed of the service for a la carte is a bit slower as it's very busy sometimes...I think they need to hire some more people for certain times.
3	Weekday lunch, party of 2. Lunch buffet.Lunch Buffet is $7.99 (as of Feb 12, 2014) and they used to advertise this price with a large banner outside the store (maybe taken down for winter?).I never ever ever write reviews about chain restaurants. In general, I find chains to be very bland and too similar from place to place (and it doesn't make for an interesting review). However, I've always wanted to try this lunch buffet since I used to see the banner up everyday in Waterloo.PIzzas are brought out as they are needed, there are vegetarian, pepperoni, meat + mushroom and other interesting assorted pizzas. There are also sweet cinnamon things that I think are most similar to Cinnabon, as well as a dessert apple pie/cinnamon on a pizza crust base. Oddly, I didn't see a cheese pizza. The salad bar is minimal, and has not-fresh lettuce, as well as croutons and 5 salad dressings (they seemed to have a difficult time keeping the salad bar stocked with lettuce?). There is pasta baked with cheese and a cold pasta salad.If you want dipping sauce, I recommend putting a bit of salad dressing on your plate and dipping your pizza and/or crust as necessary. There is a slow cooker with tomato sauce, not sure if it's for the pizza, for the crust (there are small plastic sample cups beside it) or for the pasta.It feels like this Pizza Hut is under-staffed, there seems to be only one guy who takes care of all the tables and seats people, which obviously leads to delays in clearing plates, filling drinks and seating people.Lots of parking behind the building. But making a left turn out of the parking lot onto University may be difficult since Weber/University is a busy intersection.My curiosity is satisfied now.... I will probably come here again to see if it's any different (and because $7.99 lunch buffet price. :) ).
1	I usually like the pizza here. When I called for delivery I chose this location because it is the closest one to me (7min drive). When they told me that I they wont deliver to me because they aren't the closest Pizza hut I was confused. The other two locations are 13 min way and 12 min away. Does anyone understand this logic?
1	I ordered my pizza but instead of telling me that all their drivers had gone home they transferred my order to a place that doesn't deliver to my area. I literally live 4 intersections away. I waited the time for the pizza, the other branch made the pizza, and both of us lost service.  Great job douche  canoes.
