2	I was so excited for a new yogurt place in Buckeye, but disappointed when we actually tried it. The atmosphere is nice, the staff is very friendly but the quality of the yogurt is not very good. Toppings are pretty good, just wish the yogurt was better quality!
4	I really love this little yogurt place. The owners are really nice and  always welcome suggestions. They are brand new to Buckeye and frankly I find it sad that instead of making kind suggestions people are slamming them on Yelp. Both times I have been to this store, the yogurt has been delicious. They give you plenty of cups for samples so if you don't like something you don't have to eat it.
5	I was so happy to see this place open in Buckeye, I was even happier when I called and got a sweet young lady on the phone that was pleased to inform me they have dairy free options available including sorbet and a german chocolate flavor that was actually pretty good! I can't really comment on the quality of the yogurt because being vegan my options are limited so I was only able to try the two but they were good to me, this will be a regular spot for me and my son so I hope in the future they will offer more dairy free options, I would love a vanilla or more sorbet options! They have a lot of toppings available including boba, which is my favorite. The atmosphere is great, very nice little spot, I hope they stick around!
5	OK, where do these negative reviews come from? I am a great fan of frozen yogurt, my weekly 35 mile drive one way to get my fix can attests to that. When this shop opened I was delighted but a bit apprehensive as Buckeye has had more than its share of very disappointing food offerings. I am thrilled with the quality of the yogurt, the number of toppings, the enthusiasm of the staff, the decor is original and thoughtful. It is a first time business venture for the owner so I give them high marks as they are quick to respond to suggestions or to ensure their customers are satisfied BUT the customer must speak to someone about what ever their concern might be, not leave then post their complaints on YELP. I am a long time user of Yelp both as a feedback person and researching places to go. Everyone is entitled to their opinion so I always look for intelligent, documented reviews. I am thrilled with Casa De Yogurt's offerings. I have already redeemed one rewards card and am working on my second. Come check it out for yourself.Welcome, Casa De Yogurt, you are a breath of fresh air !
4	The yogurt selection is not the biggest or the best compared to other yogurt shops, but I really liked what I tried. I don't know what the other people reviewing are talking about maybe I'm not a yogurt expert? What they lack in the yogurt selection they make up in the vast amount of toppings. Not only do that have a lot of toppings to chose from, but their fruit tastes a lot fresher.  I had the coconut yogurt with mango, and coconut shavings (I know sounds weird but I'm pregnant) and it was delicious. The store is also very clean, and the staff is friendly. They don't have a lot of seats inside, but neither do other yogurt shops. Overall, this is something Buckeye needed healthier options for staying cool. And I will be coming back again as long as the coconut flavor stays. : ) Maybe add a cheesecake flavor as well.
2	I was really excited back when this place opened since it's so close to my house. I love my fro yo and get it a few times a week at my favorite place in Goodyear. I visited Casa de Yogurt a few days after they opened and they were still clearly working out the kinks. Since I'm loyal to my other shop, I wasn't eager to return to Casa.Today I finally made a return visit, and I was underwhelmed. Their yogurt is way too soft. It's melting by the time you pay for it. Even more, the yogurt is almost flavorless. I had five flavors in my cup and I could barely tell one from the other. The topping selection is very small as well.I can't see myself coming here again, and that makes me sad.
