4	Chef Gianfranco Motti was once at the helm at un bacio ristorante, before venturing on his own near Troon North to give Sassi a little competition.Not afraid to acknowledge that Gianfranco's cuisine is somewhat more accessible , palate and wallet friendy than neighboring Sassi. Their dining room is warm, somewhat too dark yet inviting. Service is warm, not obtrusive. Dishes like the classic tomato and mozzarella salads are not exactly creative but always good. The veal piccata was very flavorful ; however the presentation had no wow factor.The most inviting factor in Gianfranco's is the simplicity of its food. Couple that with a cozy and romantic atmosphere, warm and knowledgeable staff, and you really cannot go wrong. On top of that, the charm of nearby Pinnacle Peak adds to a soothing, delightful, and memorable evening.Gianfranco does not cater to the adventurous diner. It is a classic Italian restaurant.
4	Gianfranco's food is simply delicious.  I had a fish special (can't remember details at the moment) and it was very good.  But my husband ordered a simple alfredo dish.  He says the true test of good italian is to order something simple, and if they do that right, they likely do the rest very well.  That alfredo sauce was the BEST alfredo sauce I've ever tasted.  YUM.  It's close by to our house, so we'll definitely be going back!
5	This is, simply put, classic Italian food at it's best.  I am partial to the Chicken Valdostana, but just about on the menu is excellent.  The specials are usually pretty amazing.
5	Greeted in the parking lot by Gianfranco! I kid you not. Never been to the place before but made to feel as if I was family. Ordered the Branzino (one of several unreal daily specials) and it was probably the best Branzino I have had off the Adriatic. Tried several of the other dishes that were just as good. Service is some of the best I have experienced. Very knowledgeable and not pushy. Waiter suggested excellent Italian wine from Montepulciano that was actually very reasonably priced. Will return and definitely recommend.
5	What a great restaurant this is...I've eaten here twice. Once on New Years Eve and Once for my Birthday and both time they get a WOOHOO!!!Can they even make a bad meal? I think not!The new deal for summer was INCREDIBLE $39.95 for 5 courses and NO skimping on this!1 app, 1 salad, 1 main course, 1dessert and coffee awesome ehThe app and salad are a little smaller but who would want a giant size anyhow.This is a place I would send anyone to, especially someone I liked :)I for sure give my thumbs up ALL THE WAY!!!
4	I've only been to see Franco couple of times since he opened in Troon North... vs when he was at Un Bacio, I was there more frequently.I must say that he's food has always been consistent regardless of the location. It's just good Italian food that I'm familiar with.The service staff was always courteous and accommodating. atmosphere comfortable.If I didn't live so far away, I see myself there more often,especially when my wallet can afford it.
4	Brilliant food! Simply magnificent. I had a friend recommend this restaurant at the older location in Scottsdale. I've seen it in Troon near Pinnacle Peak but never really was interested until my wife and I had a craving for Italian and didn't want a long journey from home so we though Why Not... Lets splurge...I had the minestrone soup as an appetizer. Mouthwatering to say the least and very healthy (not too salty like other soups) Dipping in the fresh baked bread with butter and I was full enough to walk away content.My wife had the crab appetizer with a mix of fresh stuff that is beyond my expertise of understanding so I'll leave it at that. I did take a taste and it was magnificent. Light, not too rich and sooooooo mouthwatering!For the main course she had the Fettuccine Alfredo with chicken and she commented that it was the best she had ever had. She ate only about 1/3 of the plate and took the rest home. the food is VERY RICH so you could split a main course and be content.I had a pasta dish with meat filled tortellini and prosciutto in a rich cream sauce. To die for...Really....Heaven here I come.So, this is a well run restaurant with a brilliant chef and some very special and individual dishes.The ONLY negative Is the service. It took wayyyyyy too long in between meals and at times we felt completely ignored by the wait staff who wold rush over to the table apologizing taking so long and then it's as if they ignored what they just said as we would wait again for someone else to arrive.The best approach to eating here is not to be rushed, order the drinks AND the appetizers at the same time and then after your close to finishing the appetizers get another drink ordered. Your main course will be late, but by the time it gets there you should be feeling tolerant enough to enjoy what you can ingest and then take the rest home OR split the main course and you should be good.Desert was ok, nothing remarkable...
4	Starting with the food this place is wonderful! For me the Mozzarella Caprese and the Linguine Carbonara actually made up for all of the weirdness we encountered on our visit.You're traveling through another dimension, a dimension not only of sight and sound but of mind; at least that is what our visit felt like... Our waiter was obviously (or hopefully) new - we asked for a bottle of sparkling water for the table and one of us wanted a glass of still; the response was, "We only have large bottles of still water," as other people were being served out of the familiar restaurant pitchers of water. One of us wanted one of the starters on the menu and a salad; I guess not being familiar with the menu they were asked several times if they wanted two salads. Then, when the requested starter did come the whole table got plates to share what one person wanted. Assuming this person is new, where is the shadow to train them?If that was not enough on a rather empty night (maybe four other tables occupied) we were witness to one loud table across the room that was fighting with each other and another, more nearby, that I guess just got a new iPhone and was hoping to find a thesaurus app to spice up their emails.So, back to the food which is really what it is all about... The food is excellent and well worth a visit. Hopefully the comedy show caliber of oddities that surrounded us was the result of some cosmic synchronicity and not a regular event!
5	What a great restaurant, I can't believe there are not more reviews. The service was great, and the food was amazing. I usually never order chicken dishes at a restaurant fearing that the chicken with be dry. However I was proven wrong! Their Petto di Pollo alla Martini - Chicken Martini was mouthwatering and perfectly cooked. My dining companion had their seafood special and raved about it as well. They had a fantastic wine list with selections of Italian wine as well. Our server was kind enough to give us some small pours to help us decide on what to get. I would return to this restaurant in a heartbeat! keep it up Gianfranco!
1	They must figure that the old people who go here have no taste buds.  The service was good but pretty cheesy, all pomp and glory for the newly wealthy.  Should have known that we were stepping back in time when half the menu is Veal.  The food was terrible and that is really how I rate a restaurant.  Dryed out fish and chicken covered in salty sauses but the portions were big which explains the clientele.  egg drop soup was good though, very italian:)  If you go dont forget your AARP card and leave your appetite at home.
5	Great food. Summer special menu is amazing value. Been there 5 times now and never disappointed.
5	Absolutely marvelous food. Do any veal dish!
5	Some of the best food I've had in my mouth. Gianfranco came to our table to see how it was, very cool. Will absolutely go back.
2	Great service, nice ambience, but the pounded pork chop was suffocated in mozzarella, the veal parmigiana was too much tomato and again smothered in mozzarella. Not much imagination. Other yelpers have said it was like back east Italian places -NOT. Didn't try the pasta-maybe next time, maybe.
5	By far the best classic Italian Restaurant in  Scottsdale. The chef came to our table and I asked him to prepare what he thought was best for us , did not disappoint. Big personality , great food, fun environment.
5	Excellent meal.  What else is there to say!
5	Again a amazing dinner. We had some appetizers and amazing risotto primavera with chicken. Can't go wrong with this hidden gem. Great service and food as always !!
5	You step in and walk into an upscale grandma's dining room. You might hear as we did a deep Italian Voice singing from the kitchen who might have been the chef. Our waiter also had an Italian accent and was very enthusiastic explaining the evenings dinner specials. We went with one of the appetizer specials and two of the dinner specials since they seemed very good.Someone soon brings us very crusty bread, they provide butter but also have very high quality olive oil on the table to use.My husband started the house made pasta that had pieces of veal osso bucco threw it in a well made sauce. He just kept saying this is really good.I started with a light arugula salad. The salad was small but not too small , the salad was dressed nicely and was fresh.I went with the Branzino since it was flown in yesterday. The fish was so fresh you almost tasted the seawater in it. My meal was cooked to perfection and the lemon white wine caper sauce just danced in my mouth and showed the skill of a trained chef. I picked the green beans as my side and they were cooked threw but crisp, lightly buttered and came out the most beautiful emerald green color.My husband had the pork chop, the waiter didn't ask how he'd like it prepared but it came out perfect. The pork chop was lightly breaded and topped with prosciutto and fontina cheese. The sauce that the chop was in was in was also out of this world , very flavorful and made the dish special.Like magic both dinners stayed piping hot till the last bite.I didn't have any problems using my preferred Diner's Card getting me one meal for free. The gratuity gets added on when you use a card.Maybe the menu and decor is a little Old Fashioned but the place is very neat and clean. 4.5 stars
2	Nice atmosphere, good service, mediocre food at best. My advice save your money.
4	First time at this Restuarant . Set back off the road. Food was very good, Service  was fine. Price was in line with the quality of both. Will definitely be heading back. Might move it up one more star after I see the quality of both holds up over time.
3	So am a transplant from the Philly area - this was ok'ish food.  Nothing to write home about with excellent service bumping it up from 2 to 3 stars.  Bluntly, this place is overpriced from a-z.  $6 for a bottle of Stella, $16 for melon/proscuitto, to Chicken Parmigiana at $26.50.  Great atmosphere - but not great food.PS the creme brulee was not fully set
5	Great meal, service was good,  We will return SOON! Worth every penny!
5	Great meal & great service!  What more can you ask for???
1	Food is good.  Service at the bar is excellent .  Franco dropping f- bombs at the the bar is a total turn off.  Tell him to stay in the kitchen.We came back 6 months later  and had the most bizarre experience.  The owner/ chef came out of the kitchen and verbally attacked a table of patrons.He said that he was not happy with their disappointment with one of their dinners.  He challenged them to the parking lot where he was going to punch the F-bomb out of them. The customers told him to stand back and even asked if the police could be called.  The food is still good, yet over priced.Go only at your own risk.
4	Tucked inside a small but nice north Scottsdale plaza I never knew was there. Happy now that I have been introduced to this charming Italian delight! The mood is casual, comfortable ,and great for older families or a business dinner. A romantic first date can also be accomplished nicely. Our server was patient as we chatted and never did we feel rushed. After deciding on wine our glasses were never empty. I like that! Great wine list too! Appetizers of Calamari and Carpaccio came and went! Loved the Carpaccio, the Calamari was just ok. Veal Marsala was my choice and just as I anticipated it was excellent. My friend had a fresh catch, I think halibut and it was very good as well.i love that Chef came over to say hello on such a busy night. That is a nice touch and makes you feel special and at home.It was a wonderful dining experience and i look forward to coming back to sit outside for dessert and cappuccino!
5	Highly recommend. Right across from pinnacle peak park. Italian food at its finest.
5	Excellent, attentive service. Along with the printed menu, there were five or so appetizers and the same amount of entrees explained to us by our waiter. Fresh, well prepared food. Pricey, but I don't mind it when you get the type of food and service we enjoyed tonight. If you dine here, ask about the story behind Franco. Very interesting. Definitely adding Gianfranco's to the list.
3	This place was good but overpriced .
5	Best italian in phoenix! We drive 45min one way for this place.
3	I would actually give this 3.5. Good meal, but very overpriced. I had some chicken with asparagus and cheese that was very good, but close to $30 in price. The Tiramisu was all cream....not very much liqueur or cake. Coffee was good. Meh overall.
5	This place was simply amazing! We came here for my husband's birthday and they treated us like royalty! I love when you can sit down and enjoy a dinner without feeling like your server is trying to "turn the table". Our server was in no rush at all, but not in a bad way. We were seated promptly and pour glasses of ice water. Our table was unbelievably freezing. Since most restaurants in the summer are cold I had brought a pashmina, but it was just not enough. The server immediately noticed my discomfort and adjusted the thermostat. That is really attentive! We had an appetizer of calamari which was good, but pretty standard. For our salads my husband had the one with blue cheese which was good and I the caprese which was really awesome! Then came the highlight..... for our meals my husband had the veal parmigiana which he loved until he tasted my Veal Piemontese that was an explosion!!! I would definitely dine here again!
5	Great restaurant! The food is excellent and the staff is always welcoming and professional. I love the pork chop, sea bass, scampi, soups, crab salad, beet salad.. I could go on and on. It is truly amazing. I look forward to dining at Gianfrancos. The owner is very personable and a great host and fabulous chef.
5	Perfectly cooked pasta. Very clean comfortable place. Excellent service. Not cheap but such good food. I had the carbonara which was the best I have had in Arizona so far. My mother had a pork chop smothered in brown gravy that was to die for. I hope they have this the next time I go because I will order this for sure. Best Italian in North Scottsdale.
5	I went here on the day before Valentine's day with my boyfriend and the cutest old couple bought our dinner(: great service! And so delicious
4	The food was excellent! I would say the BEST in Arizona for Italian. The staff  explains the specials well. The staff is always very busy. The price for just entrees is quite expensive.  The atmosphere is elegant. I have been a fan of this place since it opened!
5	Food is absolutely amazing.
1	Over priced, average service. Nothing special with the food. Bland and typical micro waved food. Bread not fresh and wine menu over priced with cheap italian wines. Get costco carry out instead.
5	This place is amazing. Beautiful atmosphere and with out a doubt the best fine dining Italian food on the planet. Wow!
2	Disappointing - high energy equals lousy ambiance for a quiet romantic dinner. Odd tables (table for two much longer than usual - 4 ft from your table mate). Food was fair - very expensive and therefore marginal value. Tried it once, will not be back
1	Wow... That's all I can say.. And I mean wow as in how could someone possibly eat this food? We walked in and were greeted by a grumpy woman. We got no Hi or Hello. As soon as we walked into the main restaurant, it was all monotone. It was all brown and beiges and extremely old. There were about eight others in the restaurant, so that was definitely as bad sign. A customer was walking back to her table and across the restaurant yelled " Oh my gosh I just ripped a huge one in the bathroom". We were disgusted. We were immediately served bread and given menus. Bread was okay.. wasn't warm and we were given hard butter. The butter would have been nice to add to the bland bread we were given. We receive our food and the presentation was not impressive, as the waiter had previously stated. Two of my family members ordered the veal and chicken piccata and both sauces looked completely different. The chicken was tough and tasted horrible. Someone else ordered the special, veal and cheese stuffed ravioli in a red vodka sauce. The sauce was hot, but once the ravioli was cut, I knew it was out of a package. The middle was completely cold and the pasta was chewy. It was so obvious everything was NOT homemade. Someone else ordered the fettuccine alfredo with chicken. It was very gloppy and looked like it came out of a package as well. The chicken tasted like it was freeze dried and made for NASA. The meal was completely awful and the prices are sure as hell overpriced. I would never tell anyone to eat at this place. The chef should try his/her food because it is horrible. I was tempted to enter this restaurant to be on Restaurant Impossible so Robert Irvine can redo the decor to lighten it up and to fix the food so it is edible. If the restaurant used real chicken, those chickens would be running out the door because the food is that bad. I thought I had gone to an Italian restaurant, but there was no Italian food that I tasted. All we got was the expensive bill for microwaved food and chronic diarrhea. This deserves two thumbs down and a pink slip.
1	Words cannot describe how I felt about this restaurant but I am going to try!First off the hostess was not friendly at all and I would almost say RUDE.  I ordered the Italian soup with spinach and egg and it looked like I threw up my egg and spinach omelet from breakfast.  Of the four entrees we ordered nothing was good and very small portions!  The prices were so high and the portions were very small........a BIG tourist trap for sure!!!!I am warning everyone, do not go to this restaurant unless you want to be bent over!Gianfrancos should be ashamed to call themselves a restaurant.Definitely two thumbs down!i would rather have gone to Olive Garden and save my money!!!!!
1	A few weeks ago we dined at Gianfranco Restaurant and found the food and service to be excellent. We so thoroughly enjoyed the experience that we asked a couple , whom are friends and also dine out an average of four nights per week, to join us . We arrived early, so we decided to begin in the bar area at a hightop table and begin with happy hour prior to ordering from the regular menu. We ordered appetizers and wine , which was beyond the "happy hour" variety and was enjoying a quiet visit with our friends and noticed the owner happily visiting with the  patrons at the bar, which seemed a nice touch until I saw him gesture toward us and referred to us as "happy hour moochers". I did not mention this to the others at that time.  Then, as we were beginning to enjoy our meals from the main menu , he (Gianfranco) came close to our table and in a very vial manner, loudly insulted us yet again. I then asked the waiter what the problem was. He was very apologetic and asked the G.M. to come over ,which he did, and he also apologized and offered to buy our dinner. We were appreciative , however, we rejected his offer. Gianfranco continued to party with the customers seated at the bar , but , seemed obsessed for some unknown reason by not wanting us there. We then finished our meals in total discomfort , Paid our bill which totaled $300.00 and quietly departed for the last time ever. We did notice that only three tables were filled in the main dining room, which based on our bizarre experience may not be just a coincidence. We have no idea what is wrong with this man. however , he could be single handedly destroying his own restaurant. His excellent chefs, waiters and bartender deserve far better than this. What a tragedy!
2	Food and service is good , however, beware of the owner, Gianfranco. he has a potential to go postal on unsuspecting patrons for no apparent reason. Screaming, cursing, etc. Dine at your own risk
5	Always an amazing experience here. With out a doubt the finest Italian restaurant in Arizona. I've traveled extensively and cannot remember a better dining experience. Ask for James the server. He's awesome.
1	It was a disappointing evening.  We went with friends and were so excited to have dinner here.  The food was inconsistent - the lobster bisque was salty, lacking a robust body.  However, the penne with shrimp in vodka sauce was very good.  The customer service was disappointing - needed to ask three times for a diet coke and three times to get some more bread.  We saw our waiter twice - he took our order and delivered the bill -- in-between he was no where to be seen.  The food was overpriced.  The restaurant noise level made it very difficult to hold a conversation with our dinner partners.
4	This restaurant has the feel and look of one you'd find in NYC.  Beautiful buildout that's romantic, yet comfortable. The greeting was immediate when we entered.  The bar area was attractive, but we wanted to eat. It was late for this area. Every one out here seems to turn into pumpkins after 9pm.Nevertheless, we order some wine which was excellent. The bread was fresh. The salad tasty. The shrimp amazingly perfectly cooked...crunchy, firm and tasty...the beef was tender and full of flavor. I also had a martini which was perfect.  Overall the restaurant scores high. But all that costs us $160!
5	Fabulous food, Fabulous service. One of our favorite spots. Being your wallet it's pricey but worth it if your looking for a fine dining experience xo...
2	Over rated...After reading the reviews we were expecting a great night of Italian food, this was not the case.  We were seated at one of the two tops and with how the tables are setup it's not possible for the person sitting next to the wall the sit down without moving the table.  We are both thin and watched other diners sit down and feel cramped all night.  I had the Lobster Bisque soup special it was good and had lots of large pieces of lobster in the soup but the flavor profile was different from any lobster bisque I have had in my life and it came out scolding hot.  At first glance the dinner menu looks big but when you realize 80% of the entrees are breaded veal or chicken with different sauces on them the menu becomes small.  Our dinner entrees probably spent a little too much time sitting in the window in the kitchen the plates were scolding hot and my veal looked like it had been sitting there a while.  My wife's chicken Marsala was good but my veal was just average.  For the price I expected more...
