4	This company was our property management for a condo we rented. They were easy to deal with, always very responsive with any issues we had. When moved out they were great with returning the deposit and the whole move out experience. Bruce and the office staff here were very friendly and the girls in the office were great at relaying messages etc. I would recommend them.
1	ZERO STARS!I would NEVER rent from this company again, had I known what my experience would be like.I am Canadian, and was moving to Las Vegas in September 2011.I needed to secure a house while I completed my medical training in Las Vegas for two years.My realtor helped me by viewing properties for me and sending video however ultimately, I had to decide.I picked a property to rent for 1195.00 USD monthly on a one year contract, 3 bedroom 2.5 bath in Southern Highlands.Nice house, had everything I would need and more.  However, from day one there was nothing but issues.Drove down from Canada with a lot of furniture, and unfortunately due to some delays arrived in Las Vegas in the evening (around 8 pm).Bruce, the property manager, was rude on the phone having to bring out keys and do an inspection at that time - as he said it was not in his job description.  However, reluctantly, he met us at the property finally - because we refused to take his advice to get a hotel for the night, mostly considering we had pets and needed to get into the home we had rented. We did a quick "once over" of the property, mostly because he was rude (even my parents were in town and helped us move, and he was rude to them).  He quickly had us sign a bunch of move in paperwork and left.  That week we began making notes of issues with the property for our move-in sheet.  The most important issues being dark black stains in the kitchen, near the back door where there was water damage previously, and upstairs in the master bathroom outside the shower (where there is carpet when you step out).  Other odds and ends needed to be fixed along the way of the rental, namely the dishwasher stopped working and/or was leaking multiple times, fridge would not keep cold items cold yet would freezer burn all freezer food (even after adjusting settings repeatedly), garbage disposal backed up and was replaced.  All applicances needed replacement.  The most frustrating was when the fridge needed replacement and Bruce did so with a smaller, cheaper version and said that is what we get considering the multitude of replaced items recently.  However, what he fails to realize as a manager is that items break, especially with rentals, and those are necessities.  He continued to be rude and give issues.  He even delayed services or call backs when toilets stopped working properly, the A/C stopped working in the middle of summer heat... etc.  Clearly they don't care about their tenants.With regards to the black issues at move in, the company had a guy come (some handyman), who claimed it was "fine".However, over time of living in the property, I continued to get very sick. And so did my brother (who rented the house with me).Once my brother moved out he began to feel better.Being that we are both medical doctors, we started to question the black stuff as "mold".The red flag was the water damage, and how even with antibiotics I was not getting better BUT once my brother moved out, he did.I read online, and this seemed to be an issue.I asked again, and Bruce as property manager failed to respond.I requested that the areas be tested for mold, especially since my contract was up for renewal.  I did not want to move out (inconvenience and cost mainly, but the location worked well to get to hospitals on time for work).I continued to repeatedly call or write, and nothing.I even attempted to contact the owners as per the information provided in my lease after multiple attempts to contact Bruce, the property manager.However the owners being of Asian decent either pretended not to be them when I called OR I was given the wrong owner information.Either being the case, I requested Bruce give me the proper information - after reading Nevada Law (which governs the lease agreement) and speaking with my realtor.Bruce refused.  Instead I ended up having a company complete a mold test and paid for services myself.I then instead of hearing from the property manager received a written letter to end tenancy.They stated the owners did not want to renew my lease.What was funny was I had already renewed it once, and by this time had been living there 21 months. It was clearly about my concern of mold.With that, my mold test came back - showing mold in the property capable of making me sick the way it had.I now had very little time to find a new home, and incurred major costs for moving.I cleaned the property and the carpets, however apparently not to the liking of Bruce. He deducted 150.00 USD from my deposit for the carpets, which looked cleaner than when I moved in (pictures to prove this). He even attempted to charge me for A/C filters (dirty when I moved in), when I told him I would give him new ones. I recorded the entire move out, and signed the move out forms which said nothing regarding the A/C filters being dirty or the carpets. I requested they pay me costs I incurred and they refused.Now I have to go to court for this - worst part is new tenants will have same issues :
5	First of all, if you're considering in renting an apartment/house, you should only lease with property managements. You don't want to be bought in by those, "1, 2, 3 bedrooms available" and "Pets are welcome!" signs! They will charge you so much fees from the moment you entered until you have been long gone. I highly doubt you will get your security deposit. I know this because all my life my parents have never bought a house, and they just like to rent. I'm pretty experienced when it comes to judging rental properties.If you're reading this because you're considering this company to manage your home...do it!! They make their tenants very happy.I rented with SPM for two years, and I'm very sad to have left. I wish I could have stayed, but I had to move to a very specific location under short period of time. 1. If you're choosing this company to manage your home, you won't be disappointed. Bruce is very competent in knowing what's a part of or what's not in the home. When he showed me around, he knew which garage is ours, which mailbox is ours, which carport was ours, and where to find extra parking around our apartments. It was my first time on my own, and he did not take advantage of me. Having this new experience with my landlords, I really appreciate how knowledgeable Bruce was in showing as around. 2. The ONLINE PAYMENTS!!! I cannot tell you how much I miss that perk! My new landlord said they are "working" on having that feature available. I'll believe it when it happens. Anyways. From day one, online payments were available. It is very convenient. If there are any problems with the site, just email them and they are very lenient and understanding about system errors (this has only occurred once). They also email us whenever our payments are received. Now I have to drive across town every month to pay for my rent when I forget it's the end of the month or call them to make sure they received my check. So please don't take online payments for granted.3. The handy man! I can't say I'm a huge fan of their handy man, but he is a very nice guy too! I loved how SPM did not charge us anything every time something is broken or the handy man is scheduled to come. We had one problem during our stay, and they were very accommodating. The shower was loose, and they had to tear some walls to fix it too. With my new apartment, they said every time there's a problem (such as AC, garage, heater, appliances, or pretty much anything inside the house) I have to pay the first $100 of the repair cost! This was news to me! They only told me after I already put a deposit. I had never experienced this kind of fee with SPM and Bruce. They always took care of repairs...I never paid out of pocket. 4. I can't emphasize how organized they are here. They logged everything that was already a problem with the apartment (minor stuff like stained carpet and linoleum). So when we were ready to leave the apartment, they had the same log, and we were able to get our entire security deposit back! I hate to compare, but I had to take pictures on my own of my new apartment because they are not doing the same thing here. My broker literally walked in the house, and looked around. He didn't take pictures or logged anything! I didn't want to get blamed for all the current blemishes on the walls so I had to take my own pictures and logged them myself. Once again, don't take things like this for granted because security deposits are expensive!5. Another great thing about SPM and Bruce is they let you chose how you want to clean your apartment. I'm very neat and organize when it comes to my apartment, so I'm very good at maintaining my place. He didn't charge me a non-refundable cleaning deposit (usually $250). Instead, he only asked that I show him a receipt from a cleaning carpet company. Before I left, I cleaned up the entire house myself. It took me about two hours (since it's always been clean). Then I hired someone to clean the carpet, and I paid about $79. That's a big saving! 6. A week after I left, I noticed I forgot some cooking utensils inside one of kitchen drawers! I called Jessica (Bruce's awesome assistant), and she scheduled a day for me to meet up with Bruce at my old apartment so that I may retrieve my utensils! I'm so thankful for the time and gas he put for meeting us up there. He didn't have to do it, but he did it for us.Once my current lease ends, I will definitely check on SPM if they have any units available for me to rent. I give them my best recommendations. As long as you're polite and cooperative (like how a civilized person should be), I'm sure Bruce will show you some empathy and work with you. If it's your first time renting on your own, find one who'll answer any questions and provide clear instructions like Bruce did. Best of luck in finding a new place! Be real picky!
1	Let me begin by saying I have considerable experience dealing with this company.  I rented a property through them for several years, and have dealt with them several times over the course of those years, regarding a variety of issues.  Let me also say I believe in giving fair, accurate reviews, so I will do my best here to be as objective as I can.After several years of renting through this company, I have to say that unfortunately, I would never, ever choose to rent through them again.  Not because of the staff, (who were usually courteous and helpful,) but because of the property manager.  He is absolutely terrible and clearly knows nothing about professionalism, politeness, or how a business should treat its customers.  I would like to have given a more positive review, but I simply can't.  Let me explain:If you rent through Sterling, you will almost immediately encounter a man named "Bruce," the property manager for Sterling.  During your years renting, you will need Bruce's approval almost anytime you need something fixed, and he is the one who will be performing the inspection of the property at move-in and move-out.  This is where the problem comes in:  Bruce is horribly unprofessional.  He is rude, often makes sarcastic remarks, and will avoid phone calls from you if he knows you are calling with something he doesn't want to deal with, such as when something is broken and you are looking for an update as to when someone will be coming to fix it.  I just read the review here from Cyndi C., and I have to say, I had a very similar experience.  Consider the following example:When my wife and I moved out of the property we were renting last spring, we were required to have Bruce do an inspection of the property.  We made sure to take very good care of the property, so I wasn't concerned about this.  Bruce's staff informed me he would be meeting me at the property on a certain date and time.Failure #1:He shows up looking like he slept in his car.  His attire was sloppy and unprofessional, and he appeared to be in a very bad mood, as usual.  This type of thing was typical for him, so I overlooked it, at least at first.Failure #2:He was even ruder than usual, walking around making sarcastic remarks about everything and cutting me down for even the most minor of issues.  He even complained there was dust on top of the fridge, saying, "you'll have to tell your wife she missed that." This is simply unacceptable. I continued to try to be professional with him, to no avail.  He was very smug the entire time, and seemed to think his sarcastic remarks were quite clever; they weren't.  He seems to think he sounds quite intelligent when he says them; he doesn't.  Failure #3:He then proceeded to talk poorly about his other renters to me, behind their back.  He began telling me about how awful some of his current & past renters have been, etc.  He even went as far as bragging to me that he "doesn't care if his renters don't like him and give him poor reviews."  Really?  What kind of business manager doesn't care about his own customers experiences?  Would you honestly want to rent from a company that views business this way?  Furthermore, those are strong words from a company that doesn't even have an "A" rating with the Better Business Bureau.  (Look it up for yourself.)  If he had any sense at all, he would care what his customers think and do everything possible to raise that rating, not brag about how little he cares.  This, too, is unacceptable.  Wow...I guess some people's standards are just lower than others.Failure #4:Later that week, he avoided my phone calls.  I had noticed that he cited me for some minor issues which I had called about many times while still living there, and I wanted to discuss this with him, as well as talk about his conduct that day.  His staff informed me several times that he would be calling me back; he never did.  I guess avoiding calls from tenants magically makes problems go away, right?  How wonderfully convenient!  I am filled with respect for you.Not surprisingly, Sterling's office seems to have a lot of turnover as well.  Gee, I wonder why?  In addition, do not be swayed by the seemingly positive reviews here; if you read them closely, you will notice they come from people who have not done business with Sterling for more than about 18 to 24 months.  I have dealt with this company for years, and I am confident that had these people rented somewhat longer, they would have seen the ugly side of this company.  18-24 months isn't a long time, and it is likely these people experienced very few issues during this time which would elicit a negative response from Sterling.  In closing, might I suggest that Bruce study the following books:1)  Property Management for Dummies2)  Business Professionalism and Customer Relations3)  Manners and Etiquette for the Completely Clueless4)  The Complete Idiot's Guide to Responding to Tenant Phone Calls
1	Update to my original post:I would first like to say that my trust in this company has been completely broken by its practices. I am a current tenant and I wish that I was not. Our tenancy with this company began in 2011 in a home in the southwest. We took the home very shortly after the tenants moved out; so shortly after no painting had been done.The owner, Bruce, provided us with a walk through (which was very vague and now I understand why) and asked that if we find any issues to send them within a week. (This is normal for all property managers). Oh but when we moved out just recently, this property manager had a game plan for our $1950 security deposit. The worst feeling in my heart is I chose to move into another property of his not knowing what was lying in wait for us with our deposit from the previous property. Boy were we surprised, angered, and hurt by his actions.We received our security deposit back to the tune of $178! Some of the fees we completely agreed with but the following fees were charged and should not have been!1) $400 to "professionally" clean tile & grouting ~ we were in the home for 3 years and the tenants were in the home at least 6-12 months prior to us. In our meeting with Bruce (relating to these fees) he stated that we will agree to disagree that those floors needed to be deep cleaned and we were responsible to do so.I believe the law clearly states we are responsible for normal wear on a property and any fees associated with cleaning must be reasonable ~ mind you he charged two separate charges for cleaning to the tune of $285. The "estimate" he showed us was for $850 (minus the $150 discount) for the entire home but we were charged $400 because the company only did the lower portion of the home (where the kitchen and family rooms were! ) 4+ years and we are responsible to cover half the cost of a professional cleaning company to clean tiles professionally and scrub the grout!?!  I don't think so!!!!  Did we pick up the charge for both us and the prior tenant?2) $750 to pull cords (cable) and the minute holes along the baseboards that would have been associated with them, phone lines that were all in the home when we took it over, "damages" which were confirmed to be the minute holes in the walls in one bedroom from picture hanging (thumbtack size),  and nails (?)  ~ patch holes (?) what holes again???   Scam......................Bruce had the audacity to sit across from us and tell us that we were not to hang pictures on the walls ????? He considers that as damages??? The holes that he was speaking of are usually covered during a primer/ paint job by any other PM company. However the point is, we were there for 3 years and the prior tenants were there for 6-12 months ~ no paint between tenants and we have to pay. The estimate that he presented is not even the color that finally was painted on the walls. The estimate shows a Swiss Coffee color and all the walls are white!! Cheap white paint that most PM companies use to cover the walls. Another scam...................... The latter of these items were noted on the lease agreement as not being done between tenancies, so how is it that we are responsible at this point to pay or share the costs???Oh yeah, it's the owner's fault because they opted to paint the entire house.... so we are part owners and need to share the costs with the owners. No, I don't think so!!!  I don't think the owners even know that he said this. I will find out before we go to court. This is the part that sucks, I have to spend money now to sue this man in court for my security deposit back!!! Word to anyone that chooses to rent from this company: Oh My Goodness ~ please read his faulty lease agreements before you rent from him, take pictures of everything that you find because this is the game. If you don't catch every single thing in the beginning, he is going to charge YOU for it  in the end ( I mean that in both ways!). Don't be fooled by his nice demeanor in the beginning! He knows every thing that is wrong in the homes that he rents, you do not! Take pictures when you move in and when you move out. Make sure that you keep very good records, you will need them when you go to court. I don't know if only certain people are victims to this or not. I just know that we were and I am preparing for retaliation in the home that we are currently renting from him. I have every intention on filing complaints with the licensing bureaus, filing a small claims lawsuit, warning the owners of the positions that he puts them in, and warning all of you to make sure you're prepared before you deal with this man and his company.I call for all other tenants that have dealt with him to educate people about his shenanigans as well. This is the only way that we can stand together against faulty property management companies.
1	Unfortunately, I agree with Brieana J. As of 2015, Sterling Property Management is not an ethical company. They have refused payments from myself and my spouse in order to impose late fees on us, and they have lied of our attempts to contact them prior due to their changing office hours over the holidays. I am very disappointed by the service of the entire staff. The owner Bruce does not even have any contact information. He always calls from an Unknown # and will only reach you after he has sent a fraudulent notice. I do not recommend this company, and I hope this does not happen to any other person. Please be cautious of renting or buying from private companies. There are too many schemes going on in regards to this, especially in the current dwindling economy.
1	ZERO STARS!! Further update: it is the new year and we are still trying to get our monies back from this guy. I am filing my complaint with NARPM and asking for a full investigation,  this is ridiculous.  We waited trying to be nice thinking it would make matters better but this man is unbearable.  I can't take it! I will do everything in my power to challenge the validity of his license.  I don't see how the state can allow property managers to play God with people's lives.I will also direct them to this website to review your complaints as well....just ridiculous!
