3	I had never been to this Spa before, but made a last minute hot stone massage and was very appreciative of the spa working with me at the last minute. I was told my massage was going to be $59.Although the massage therapist was very professional and did an awesome job, the front desk staff was appalling. Upon checkout, I asked to leave a tip for the LMT. The front desk receptionist told me,  "Oh, thats a really low tip!!"  I was quite surprised at her telling me what she thought I should tip the LMT. I worked in Salon and Spa for 16 years as a stylist and know first hand that tipping for this type of service is not a 15/20% as in restaurants.  Begrudgingly, I doubled my tip for my LMT.  At this time, the receptionist pulled out a "Hand & Stone Tip CHart" that shows a 20% tip is expected on full priced services. SHe then told me that she had given me a deal on my massage and that the normal price was much higher and that I was expected to tip at the full price.  I do not mean to sound like a cheapskate, but I was appalled at how this spa expects their tips and comes out and asks for them!! This is not typical of most salons/spa's that I have ever worked in and I have worked in very upscale salons
5	I think this place is amazing. The Owner's Jill and John are awesome. Every therapist and front desk has been very nice, educated, professional and dedicated to giving me the best experience.I get 80 min massages every time that seem like 5 minutes. This upscale facility is in the middle of Cactus and Tatum, their prices are as good as that other "massage chain" but the lobby, it's therapists and management makes you think you are at the Phoenician- Minus the hotel, pool and room. HA! I love it and am so glad I found it so close to PV mall. I saw the review before this and I would love to talk to this customers ex-coworkers and see if they were OK with the sub standard tip of less then 20%. Anybody who is in the service industry welcomes and is grateful for as much of a tip as you can give and it's common knowledge that if you were given a discount you tip at the full amount. It's just common courtesy. Sometimes when the actions of others are so distasteful it's hard to hold the tongue. I've been treated with nothing but courtesy and respect and I know the rest of you will be too rather then going to the massage mill. Peace
4	I am a bit of a spa junkie, and the massage I had here was excellent! In fact, it was better than some I've experienced at five-star resort spas. I would recommend this place without hesitation to anyone looking for a convenient, quality massage in their neighborhood. My masseuse was professional, pleasant, and gave a phenomenal massage. The rooms feel more upscale than other neighborhood massage chains (more comfortable tables and bedding, nicer decor) and the check-in process felt personal and calm -- rather than the group cattle call at other places. The prices are a little higher than Massage Envy, and with tip, the total cost was not that much less than screamin' seasonal deals that full-scale resort spas are offering this summer. However, for the remainder of the year, the membership cost of $50 per service / per month (without tip) is a really good deal for what I can trust to be a quality experience.
5	I was in town for a wedding with my boyfriend.  He had never had a professional massage.  I found Hand & Stone through Google and yelp and booked us a couple's massage.  I am very picky about my massages.  I usually feel like my masseuse isn't "listening" to my body reactions (i.e. when I get ticklish or if something hurts too much).  I lucked out!  Amy is a perfect masseuse!  She knew exactly how much pressure I needed and worked on the areas I had told her needed focus.  I was so happy during the entire massage!As for the location.  I was very happy with the waiting room, and the massage room itself.  Don't expect to get into a bathrobe and take use of a spa or sauna.  This is more of an in-and-out massage place.  But don't let that discourage you.  It was wonderful and I'd recommend Hand & Stone to anybody.
5	I visited Hand & Stone while in town on a short two day business trip. My quick R&R did not start out well when I arrived 15 minutes prior to my 10 AM appt.. time as requested (to fill out new client forms), only to find two of their therapists waiting to be let in. Turns out, there was a schedule mix-up. 40 minutes later, the owner shows up to let us all in. She was very apologetic, you could tell it was an honest mistake. My treatments were wonderful and she made it up to me with a gift card for a future visit at any location! It is in a strip mall, but the inside ambiance is great. The treatment rooms are quiet and peaceful, and both my esthetician and my masseuse seemed knowledgable and experienced.
5	To this point, I have had 3 massages at this place. I love it here!  My first time going, I expierenced the hot stone massage. This was a real treat because I had never had a hot stone massage. I thoroughly enjoyed it. The second time going, I had the regular massage and that was just as enjoyable. I was able to take advantage of the new member pricing for both of these massages which was budget friendly in my case. After, I was disapointed to know if I came back in the future, the pricing would be dramatically higher. They try to sell you on their monthly membership, but I have declined each time. I am happy to report that I get frequent emails from them with their current specials. There has been 2 occasions where the email I recieve is "come back and enjoy member pricing" for the month. I jumped on this opportunity and enjoyed another great Hot Stone Massage!!!  The owners are very sweet and I agree with previous reviews, the ambiance is relaxing inside. I prefer the in & out massage over bathrobe, spa access, type of place, so this hits the spot for me!
5	This location is convenient, easy to find and they treat you well.  I called and made the original appointment with Hannah.  Unfortunately, plans changed and I needed to reschedule.  She answered the phone again and helped the remedy the situation confidently and courteously.  Upon arriving a few minutes early as instructed, I filled out a one page health history form and within a minute of finishing, Andrea was ready for me.  Andrea's been an LMT for about 10 years and it definitely shows through in her skills.  She listened to my verbal concerns, as well as paying attention to what my body had to say.  I felt great that evening and the next day.  I declined the membership offer because I enjoy visiting new Spa locations and having different experiences, but I will definitely return and request Andrea again soon.
4	Last minute appt with Joanna  Nice, professional, good pressure.  First time customer, price is good, but jumps too high after the first time.  I have been getting a lot of massages lately to help fight the stress those damn 20 -40 players keep infusing into my life;This place would be good if I wanted a membership, where they debit you monthly but, after my massage envy and LA Fitness fiascos, I would just like to pay as I go.  I will never give my cc number to a gym or salon again.Note to Laurie (if you are reading these, please check my spelling and STOP beating me every hand we play!!!!)
5	I LOVE Hand & Stone!   I have seen Angelica & Natan, & both are GREAT!  I have had the hot stone massage twice, a regular massage once, and did add ons of both the foot treatment & the cold stone/hot towel facial.  Can't go wrong with ANY service here!  I am looking forward to my next visit soon!
1	DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME+MONEY!!!I bought a living social deal for me and my mother for Hand&Stone Massage and Facial Spa (Paradise Valley) and just got back after "redeeming" it. The massage was PATHETIC! No, seriously, PATHETIC! I was in for a hot stone massage and my negative opinion is based on the following factors:1) The LMT didn't ask me (even once) if the temperature was okay! I'm not very sensitive to heat (I take hot water showers in the summer!) but those stone were seriously uncomfortable.2) The living social deal clear mentioned - ONE hour but my entire session only lasted 40mins, including the "consultation". I've been to many spa but no where have I ever encountered the consultation time being included in the duration of the massage. So the LMT really worked on me for 30 mins since it took me a few mins to dress up and I did a tip calculation before leaving the room. The LMT also chose to engage in casual chit-chat asking me questions that did not pertain to the massage whatsoever. Had I know that she was just trying to kill tie talking rather than working, I would've not engaged in a conversation.3) When I told the front desk (Ashley) about being disappointed and asked her for an email address I could mail my comments to, she totally ignored my question and began discussing the gratuity.My mother was satisfied with her relaxation massage so I tipped her LMT 35% while my LMT received 16% which also she didn't deserve.To sum my experience up- I'm very unhappy and will NEVER return or recommend this place to anyone.
5	This is a first class spa located in my neighborhood ~ I was surprised and delighted when I found this hidden jewel complete with a relaxing and refreshing ambience. I made an appointment, and I was happy to receive a reminder call the night before. I arrived a little early, and the receptionist was very helpful. The individual massage room was well equipped with fine linens, a heated table, low lights, and relaxing music. My massage therapist, Lisa, was very professional. Prior to beginning the massage service, she asked me if I was experiencing any physical problems that I wanted her to address. She maintained the pressure that I preferred, and I felt invigorated and very satisfied with the service. I will definitely return to Hand and Stone Massage. Karen
4	I was recently contacted by the owner and was asked to give this place a second chance. My experience was GREAT!!! Andrea was my LMT and did a phenomenal job. The massage was comped too. Kudos to the owner for taking note of my concerns and getting back to me so quickly!
5	I love both Hand and Stone Spas, the one in Ahwatukee and the one on Cactus.    Just came back from the Cactus location, and Lisa worked her usual magic.  Lisa is skilled and patient and she is always able to loosen up my neck and shoulders like virtually no other massage therapist can do.  The front desk staff is great, and the place has a cozy feel.  Go see Lisa and relax!
5	Love it there!  Professional, and personable, everyone I delt with was smiling,warm and inviting.  My message with Michelle was fantastic!   Would highly recommend their services.  I went n with w sore back, now I can barely feel the pull.  5 stars from me!
5	I've only been here 3 times and seen the same girl all those time. I was referred to Angelica by a friend and so glad I was! She's amazing, the best massage I've had! I have scoliosis and have a lot of back pain, I go see her when it gets really bad and she works on ALL my knots and get them all out. Although it obviously doesn't take away all my pain, it definitely relieves it. She's such a sweetheart and is very personable. I wish I could go see her all the time, but with $90 a pop, it's kind of hard. But I know massages usually run around that and if it brings any relief its worth it :0)
5	Best salon in town!  Reasonable rates, friendly staff, excellent therapists, ask for Joanna.Bonnie D
5	I have had a membership to Hand and Stone for over two years now. I always enjoy my massages and have never had a bad one there. Jill and John, the owners, are always a pleasure to talk to, and everyone up front is always so nice. I can't always make it every month since having a baby, so I am always so excited when I finally do get in.
5	I love this place.  I have never been dissatisfied.  I am amazed that each time I call to make an appointment (usually at the last minute) that they can accomodate my request.  I've had regular relaxation massages, hot stone and deep tissue massages here.  Always the best.  I've paid $180 for a massage at Westin Kierland Spa that cannot compare to the massages I've received here.  The staff also has never been rude or pressured me into purchasing any type of deals which is a huge plus for me.
2	This is local and within walking distance to my house. I called to make the appointment and requested someone with firm pressure but not too firm. I agreed to a male because they can be just right. However, they gave me someone that didn't know what firm pressure was. I was relaxed afterward but this isn't going to be my favorite place if they continue to try to sale to me the available person and not the person that I need for my massage. I will try again but I hope they read this and improve.
5	Having had massage from the high end resorts and individual therapists, I have to say the Cactus Hand and Stone is stellar.  I chose to be a member to force myself to be regular with massage.  I enjoy the owners when they are on site.  The staff is friendly, knowledgeable and professional.  The therapists are varied and it is important to communicate what you want.  If you have a great massage you deserve it.  If you didn't have a great massage you didn't communicate.
1	I had set up for my wife to receive a massage at this location two days ago. Since I requested hot stone massage ( an hour and half)  and hot towel foot also peppermint head massage which was an extra 10 dollars and upgraded the hot towel foot and hot stone which costed an extra 20 dollars each.  I paid for the bill just minutes before they were done with my wife's massage and after leaving I asked if they did the peppermint massage, *nope* they only spent 5 minutes on her foot. Even I tipped them 25 dollars. Guess they got a much larger tip when they didn't follow through with the upgrades and peppermint head massage. Much regret for that visit.
4	Love this place its nice and new. The front desk makes you feel relaxed and it has a cozy feel to it. However, would like to try a different therapist next time!
5	Phoenix Hand and Stone is a terrific day spa.  I am a regular customer for over three years and I am very satisfied.They have three of the best therapists I have encountered in Joanna, Nidia, and Nicole (I am sure they have several more; just haven't had the chance).  They are all empathetic, well-trained, and professional.  The spa is very quiet and relaxing, and the facilities are top-notch.I feel that you should ignore the other posters comments about the front desk attendants.  The spa's attendants are wonderful (particularly BOTH Ashleys).  I have never been challenged or counseled on a tip unless I asked.
2	Unfortunately, the customer service at this location is not good.  Another prior post stated the front desk is "defensive" and I believe that is an accurate statement.  There are several good therapists, but some are just  "so-so" and don't seem to enjoy their job.  The turn-over at this location is high.  This is a baby step above Massage Envy.
5	This was a fantastic appointment as always! Our appointment was originally scheduled for Monday but Ashley did a fantastic job rescheduling us to Tuesday at the same time with no issues. After arriving early we expected to need to wait but we were pleasantly surprised to be taken back 10 min earlier than our appointment. Kimberley was fabulous! She gave just the right amount of pressure and was kind and knowledgable. One of the reasons for our appointments was my mothers visit. Upon arrival she had a bad headache but after her massage and a good night sleep her headache was gone. When we left Ashley was very kind and even asked about products I had purchased over a month ago when I was in. I would recommend this facility to anyone looking for a good massage at good prices!!
5	I had my first visit last night.  I have been going through a detox, eating raw foods and a lot of exercising and let me tell you, the headaches make you nauseous. I thought a massage would take some of the ache away and I was relieved when the receptionist told me that she could schedule me that day.   I walked in and Jill welcomed me.  She was very polite, and asked if I needed any water or tea.  I filled out the normal application and told her what I  wanted from my massage.  She was very helpful and I felt no pressure what so ever.  My therapist was amazing!!  I added the peppermint to the massage for my headache(it is not $10, it was only $5) and it was well worth it.  I felt so much better afterwards.  I enjoyed it so much that I decided to become a member.  Unlike Massage Envy, you go month to month.  Just give them a 30 day notice if you need to cancel.  Where is the pressure in that I ask you?  This is a family run business and I think that they are doing an amazing job.  Thank you Jill and Georgia!
5	I just don't understand the less than stellar reviews of this Hand and Stone.  I have been receiving massages for over 3 years from various therapists.  Certainly I had a preference for some over others, but that is human nature.  I have always found the front desk personnel to be friendly and polite, either when I call for appointments or am at the desk asking questions.  We moved and  other places are closer but we wouldn't think of going anywhere else.
5	Great massage yesterday from Andrea. It was my third massage with her - was having difficulty with temperature (mine, not the room) and she graciously offered to "turn on the bed."  I immediately felt warmer and then had to ask her to turn it off.  I didn't  want to be demanding but Andrea was very accommodating and she even remembered to cover me up quickly so I did not get chilled.  I have highly recommended Andrea to others and they are equally pleased.
5	I have been going to Hand & Stone Paradise Valley for more than three years now and never once have I had a bad experience.  It shocks me to see anything less than 4 stars from other reviews.  Those are clearly anomalies.  Jill  & John, the owners, are some of the best people on earth, they run a great spa!  Everything is always so clean, the staff is totally welcoming and the services are always top notch.  There is a great ambience in there as well.  Pleasant music, good smells and a relaxed environment.  Try it, if you haven't been there; go back if you have!
3	I am a member of this spa. only way to go to keep prices in a rationale range.I only use ONE professional there. She is perfect and I usually go once a month or more. I would like to see more stability at the front desk .When I call now..they have to hunt for my name /membership. Could do better at the front desk
5	After almost three years at this location, I am still very pleased with each experience. Today was no exception. Nydia has been my go to Massage Therapist and she is right on point every time. She is welcoming, friendly, listens to and executes every request and is always attentive. Aside from Nydia, I have had great experiences with a few other therapists here too. The front office staff is always friendly, courteous and glad to see you. Jill, the owner, will go out of her way to meet your needs/requests and is very appreciative of your patronage. The entire crew at Hand & Stone will make your experience an excellent one. For this I give them 5 stars.
4	Today is my first review and my first visit to Hand and Stone.My interest was in thetreatment facialsThe front desk was very helpful in explaining the different treatments.I chose the Glycolic Peel, which I have had before and I must say, this was one of the better peels. Starting with the spotless condition of the rooms, the music , and the peacefuldarken treatment room, you could see that this is a company that cares about its clients. From taking a "history" of your allergies, your skin care past and even written post care instructions, there isn't one detail that has been missed.The actual peel was very professionally done by Misti.  Every women should havea peel once in a while. It makes your skin brighter and smoother and even doessome tightening in the jowl area.All in all, I was very pleased and can't wait to go back. Hand and Stone is a franchise and I have only been to the spa on cactus.
5	I have been a member here for 9 months and I have a perfect therapist!  Andrea is amazing.  I have never had a bad massage from anyone here, BUT..... I always prefer Andrea.   It is like she has a map of my muscles and I never have to tell her to adjust the pressure.  She is amazing and I always feel like I am floating on a cloud after an hour with her!  Thanks Hand and Stone for all that you do for me! :)
1	I had a pretty lack luster experience my first (and only) time I visited this spa. The interior is quite nice and clean. My massage therapist was Jen and I asked for a relaxation massage with medium pressure but a little bit more in my shoulders because that's where I have pain.First of all, she did not knock on the door after asking me to get undressed which caught me by surprise. She was very rough near my spine and never asked how I thought the pressure was. I'd say she used deep pressure in my back and light pressure everywhere else... Not what I asked for at all. I felt no relaxation from my usual favorite part the calves, feet, and hands... Which was disappointing. I felt uncomfortable with some of her draping techniques. I've had a lot of massages and I have friends who are therapists so I was not impressed the way she moved my underwear around- lifting it up to tuck the sheet with her hands etc. I was also very uncomfortable when she asked me to flip over. She did not cover me at all with the sheet and was looking down at me- not discrete or professional at all. I had to cover myself while flipping over because I didn't want to be exposed. Also, the massage ended early. I didn't get my full time. After the mediocre massage I went out to the front desk. The receptionists were nice and friendly but of course they tried to get me to sign up... but after my experience I was not interested. Then they tried to charge me more money. Apparently my therapist told them I requested deep tissue which was not the case at all. So they tried to charge me $10 extra which is ridiculous. Needless to say I'm glad I had a gift card. I won't be signing up and I won't be back.
5	Excellent service!  Staff was super friendly and positive!! I had the best massage of my life!  Ask for Jen!  Especially for deep tissue massage. After she did my massage, I felt like I was wrapped in cotton all day!  Thank you, thank you, Hand and Stone!
5	I started going to Hand N Stone @ Tatum & Cactus almost 6 years ago and plan to continue. Evey one there has always made me feel very comfortable and  special. I have never had a bad massage and I get who ever is available. Love this place
4	I went to get a pre-natal massage & facial. I started off with my facial & it was amazing very relaxing I fell asleep it was just a standard basic facial there was no extractions which I found strange but still relaxing, ask for Amanda she was great. Then I had Maggie for my massage & Wow!!! She was good I love more pressure like deep tissue & especially bring pregnant I was worried that I would get a bad massage. I was not disappointed at all. I will go back just to see her again. I have been here before and left feeling disappointed by other massage therapists and only went back because of the yelp check in offer for $35 for a 50 min massage I couldn't pass it up & now I will continue to go back as long as Maggie is there :)
5	Anthea is amazing!  I am a therapist myself and try to see Anthea for a massage every week.  Having some scheduling conflicts I have seen other therapists here and have never had a bad experience but Anthea takes the massage to a different level.  She is so skilled and always gives me exactly what I need. Hand and Stone is really lucky to have such an incredible therapist on staff, please keep Anthea happy!!!!
4	Nice, clean place. Did a nice job with an eyebrow wax. The ambience was fine for a waxing type place, but I don't know if it really felt totally "spa-like".
5	Natan is an awesome massage therapist!  Always friendly and very good at what he does.  I can receive massage through trades at place of employment but continue with Natan.  Front desk always friendly and professional.
1	This location has rules of their own. I tried to transfer some unused credits to my daughter from the Anthem location I visit but was told they would only transfer 1. Additionally, they charged a $10 transfer fee. I felt like they were more concerned with "nickel and diming" my daughter instead of making this a good experience for her. The Anthem location said this is not customary so buyer beware. You may be able to use H&S anywhere in the U.S. but depending on the location there may be additional hidden fees.
5	I love this spa! You get resort quality massage therapists for a super affordable price! It's very relaxing and the staff will go out of their way to make sure you have a good experience. Andrea is my favorite massage therapist, she is very talented and will tailor her work toward your needs. The monthly membership is totally worth it. I highly recommend Hand & Stone on Cactus!
5	WOW what a great experience not only are the owners there to make sure your visit is top notch the therapist "Vince" was amazing, so much so that I had a second massage the same week
