4	I can recommend  The Dance Shoppe  as one of the highest  quality  dance studios for kids in the north valley.   My daughter has attended  the combo classes as little girl( age 3)l , tap classes  as she got older and now hip hop (age 9 ). The classes are well organized with teachers that appear to really enjoy what they are doing.  The kids learn dance  terms, moves and expectations.While not the fanciest place , don't let the looks fool you. They know how to make it all come together and your child will shine. I have know a few families that have several kids attending other classes, at higher levels of technique and everyone raves about the professionalism  and quality of the owners. We have attending several end of the year dance recitals and they are really well produced , choreographed and very enjoyable. The kids walk away from the performance knowing they are a dancer.
5	My three year old has been going here for little over 9 months now. The transformation I have seen in her confidence can definitely be attributed to the teaching in her combo class! She comes home and shows me what she learned, is constantly wanting to practice and "teach" us as well. The staff there is friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable. The prices are reasonable and the added dance shop is nice to have next door as well - highly recommended!
5	My youngest (7yo) attends here - and we just finished up our first year here.The difference that sets this place apart from the others are the people. Everyone from the owners to the employees really care about making the experience for your child an exceptional one. Always willing to help and go the extra mile needed to assist in whatever way they can.We just had the "final" performance of the year for the dance studio, and man was I impressed. The "little" kid performances were cute, the older kids performances were great, and the teen/adult performances were awesome! We had grandma, grandpa, and an aunt out to see our kid perform.... and actually ended up staying for the whole thing because it was so good.
1	After taking three adult beginning classes for three weeks I began looking for a new studio. This is the most affordable studio in the area but I spent more time standing around waiting in that class than I did practicing. Seems a bit disorganized. I purchased my own silk and have improved more in a week than I did there in a month practicing the same amount of hours. This studio is built more towards children.
5	A great family dance place. They teach everything from tap, ballet, silks and jazz and many more
