5	I've been here a few times now.  I know, that may surprise some people as I generally don't like boutiqu-ish joints for the sake of name-brands.  This place, however, deserves a visit.After moving to the area, I thought it would be nice to get the wifey something special for Christmas.  After looking online, I saw that Coach was having a coupon day, and decided to check out our local outlet store.  I was amazed by the prices!  Before the coupon, these high-quality handbags were surprisingly well-priced.  After the coupon, I couldn't refuse!The store's setup is great; sections are made to display different collections and clearance items are plentiful in the back of the store.  The sales associates are among the nicest, most courteous I have ever encountered.  They intimately know the products they are selling, and are more than eager to help even the rookie bag-buyer (read: unknowing husband/boyfriend/me!) pick out a style and color that works best for the recipient.  It's hard for me to determine if the prices or the associates are the #1 thing about this store, so I'll call it a tie!Best if visited on the weekdays, as weekends in the Concord Mills become something akin to mosh-pitting!  Happy Hunting!
5	Having become a Coach fan late in life, I'm so happy we have the factory store here.  There's NO way I'd pay full price for anything Coach.Prices are within my budget, not to mention even better when on a regular basis, someone's at the front passing out 20 - 30%off coupons.The staff there are very nice & not overbearing. I like that on said coupon days, they walk around with a calculator to help give you the discounted price. Now that's customer service!  The place is always packed, but there are enough cashiers to check people out & the process goes pretty quickly. As far as attention to detail goes, they wrap up your item in Coach tissue & place it neatly in a (very handy) Coach shopping bag (with handles). While I am not 'Coach crazy', my 6 items from there are all in excellent shape & I am very happy with them.
