4	Sushi Too hosts reliably good sushi in shadyside for its makizushi.  I know it's white trash, but get a shadyside roll.  Cream cheese and salmon inside.  It's not exactly tokyo, but with tons of wasabi it's kinda good.
2	Wow. Really? 4 stars? This place = mediocre/decent. Why can't Pittsburgh do chicken teriyaki? As for sushi, I've heard way better things about Little Tokyo in Mt Lebanon and Sushi Tomo in the N Hills.
3	I went for dinner last week and shared a dinner special with my brother. It came with the miso (good), a salad (shredded lettuce = boring and it had too much quantity of a nice ginger dressing), and a nice variety of rolls. As everyone seems to report, it was not the best sushi.. Didn't seem overly fresh, but it was tasty "enough" and moderately priced. Better than the grocery store.
5	I definitely think this is the best sushi in Pittsburgh!  I love the "Oh My God A" and the "Oh My God T."  Very good.  They sushi is very fresh.
2	The Gyoza was great.  It was both steamed and fried which makes for a tasty combination.  The sushi, however, was a different story.  Too salty and the smoked salmon is not wise choice for sushi.  Next time I go there I am going to try the Udon.
3	This is really a two star review if I talk strictly about the food and the restaurant. The sushi wasn't the best quality, but it was reliable in its mediocrity and was a great comfort food during the harrowing times of grad school.The extra star is added because they deliver. Honestly, I thought about adding two stars for this. I'm surprised there aren't more sushi restaurants out there that deliver, because it's the fastest way to part me with my hard-earned money.
2	not really japanese food. the menu of food is actually a big mix of random chinese and japanese food put together. the sushi it self is poor, the fish quality was really bad, i sat at the bar to get a closer look, and after the look i decided to get things that were safe to eat such as inari *tofu pockets. i always order safe and cooked things when i feel the fish might be a killer several hours later.the cooked food is blah. i've had much better and i'm pretty sure the grocery store frozen section is better. miso was super super salty and grainy which im not a fan of. overall i wont be coming back if i have a choice...
3	Pros:- They deliver through Campusfood.- Their vegetarian sushi is well-made, tastes good, and is pretty cheap.  $3 for avocado or kappa rolls, $4 for avocado + kappa or shiitake mushroom rolls.- Vegetables tempura were pretty decent, once you overlook the inherent sogginess that comes along with delivered fried foods.Cons:- The spicy chicken was not particularly spicy, and was actually pretty bland.- Egg rolls are not very good.  I would skip them the next time I order.- They offer asparagus rolls at their location at CMU, but not on the online menu, which specifically asks you not to make substitutions.  The campus sushi place is closed until fall semester, which means I have to go without asparagus rolls all summer.The entrees don't seem too great, and I can't speak to the fish, but if you're a vegetarian and like sushi, then I can definitely recommend Sushi Too.
5	Sushi and a beer at Sushi Too in Shadyside. Really nice little restaurant in a great location. Very friendly place with great food. I'm sure I will be back at this spot soon. They seem to do the sushi bar but also have Thai and other favorites so they have a larger menu selection than some of the other places in town.
3	The "Sushi Too" refers to Pan-Asian menu which includes Chinese, Japanese, and Korean food. So far I have only tried the sushi rolls. While their sushi quality is mediocre, their cooked rolls (broiled fish, tempura, etc.) are some of the best I've had anywhere. Very savory and saucy.This past time was strange as their specials menu consisted of a laminated page of photographs, with no description. I tossed it aside as it wasn't helpful at all, yet when the waitress came by she prominently mentioned it and talked about a few of them. I couldn't remember her earlier description, so I asked to confirm what was in one of the rolls, but she had trouble remembering (luckily the part I remembered was what she forgot and vice versa). I ordered that and another roll, but she forgot the second one. The first turned out to be very good but pricier than I expected. It was also quite filling so it worked out alright that the second one was forgotten.
3	The highs are high, and the lows are low.In descending order:- Eel is awesome. Seriously some of the best eel sushi I've had in a long time.- The soft shell crab roll was good; it filled the I-want-sushi-but-I-also-want-fried-food craving very well.- Wasabi is strong.- Salad was fresh, and the ginger dressing was tasty.- We got one of the platters, and most of it was quite adequate. However, the ebi (prawn) sushi was notable in its toughness. Very disappointing. - The age tofu was simply not agedashi tofu. It was tofu puffs in a sweet-salty, General Tso's thick sauce. Not authentic by any stretch of the imagination, and furthermore not even tasty. Gross.In summary, go for the cooked rolls like Joey F. said. Go somewhere else for the other stuff.
3	Sushi Too is a good place to grab a quick lunch.  On first impression - not much to the decor or atmosphere, but since I was just in to grab lunch that didn't bother me.  The service was great - I ordered quickly and my server was always asking me if I needed anything else - but not in an annoying way as she saw I was reading during my lunch. I got the American Dream roll (good but a little large and difficult to eat.  I was eating by myself and while I don't mind I always feel like people are looking someone eating alone thinking - that poor girl she doesn't have any friends).  I also got a spicy California roll which was good as well. Overall - its a pretty relaxed joint, nothing particularly special about it, and the price point was good.  I will go there again for a quick lunch - not sure about what the dinner scene is like.
2	I came here once on a date, when I was new to the area, thinking that since this place is in shadyside it would be fairly trendy.On the contrary, the atmosphere was awful, I felt like i was in a cheap diner. The plates/glasses/chop sticks all felt cheap. I was surprised they served drinks, but their mixed drinks were awful.The sushi was actually better than expected for such an awful looking place, and from what i recall it was fairly fresh. They did serve all of our sushi on one plate, and it felt really crowded and sort of took away from the taste of it.I keep thinking i may go back with a buddy just to get some sushi and give it another shot, but the atmosphere really takes away from the food, so I doubt I will come back.
3	After foraging for some food in the Pittsburgh area (and after 6-7 hours of moving stuff into my new apartment, unpacking, settling in, etc.), the Kwon clan was cranky, tired and FAMISHED. That sort of a combination, especially within the Kwon family, renders a potential shitstorm.The scenario: S. Aiken St. was blocked off, parking was nearly impossible at 9PM on a Saturday night, there was some sort of a street festival happening RIGHT outside of Sushi Too... AND it was raining... Needless to say, the 'rents and I were extremely relieved when we stepped foot into the restaurant. Not only was it low-key (and seemingly oblivious to the happenings right outside), it was not overly crowded or busy. As for the food itself, it was okay. Service was great (trust me, tending to a cranky and needy Kwon clan is no fun) and the food came out fairly quickly. We ordered a bunch of stuff, including 5-6 rolls, an appetizer, entree and a side dish.INSIDER TIP: Skip the yaki udon (overpriced and tasted more like mediocre Chinese food) and forgo the crabcakes... Just stick with the the simple tuna or salmon rolls.
3	I came across Sushi Too as I was searching for a dinner place. The set up and service was nothing fantastic but it still worked. A few tables and booths scattered inside the restaurant. The portions were pretty large. I ordered a seaweed salad and a huge bowl of it came. I rolled out of the restaurant after having 2 special rolls and a bottle from their selection of beers. There were a number of regular and special rolls, deluxe platters, different appetizers, and cooked entrees.
3	Been here a couple of times. It's not too bad. But it's not mind blowing good. It's about average. But it's walking distance from the CMU campus so whenever we had a sushi craving, we'd sometimes come here to satisfy it. The prices are a little high for the quality of the food but it's still ok. Never liked how the soft shell crab is priced at market price. Also, the eel roll anywhere else is cheaper. However, when I do come here, I usually get the eel roll, sometimes the soft shell crab roll and some sort of spicy fish roll. Whether it's tuna, salmon, yellow tail, etc.
3	Came here on a Wednesday evening for some sushi with the girls!  I had just exercised and was looking forward to a nice, light meal.  The place was a little busy - not full, but several tables occupied - but we were seated immediately.  Atmosphere and service both were functional but not personal, nothing special there - except the hammerhead shark that hangs above the sushi bar.I got the Rainbow Roll and an Eel Roll, with soup and salad first.  Miso is $2, so is house salad.  I prefer it when that comes complementary, but I decided to pay for it since it just feels wrong for me to have sushi without.  Miso was good, hot and filled with tofu.  The house salad was about two or three times larger than it usually is, and the dressing was a little heavier than I like it.  I was a little bummed since I started feeling full of salad before my sushi even arrived!  The rainbow roll was small.  Usually I have rainbow rolls with about 8-10 pieces (I think?) but this one only had 6.  It was also about the same size as the eel roll (standard 6 pieces).  I don't think the rainbow roll was a good deal for the price.  All the sushi was okay, it didn't taste uber-fresh but it wasn't bad either.  Not as flavorful as I'd hoped.  It was well-made, but the presentation completely lacked any flair.It's a pretty inexpensive place to grab a few rolls, which is nice.  I paid $20 for soup (2), salad (2), one specialty roll (10?!?!), and one regular roll (6).  Rainbow roll was NOT worth $10, so I'd say stick with the simple rolls that make more sense with the price.  It satisfied a craving, but I've had way better sushi elsewhere.
3	Rolled into da 'burgh for the weekend to watch the Phillies/Pirates games.  My wife and I used to live in Pittsburgh and had originally made reservations at Umi, but on the day of ended up eating a large late lunch and decided to cancel.  But as the night wore on we grew hungry again and were stuck in Shadyside.  It was getting tough to find a place that was open, let alone had an available table, until we stumbled upon Sushi Too.  I had always been curious about this place, but because the menu seemed boring and over-priced, I had never tried.  A bit of circumstance changed all that.The restaurant is decorated in a somewhat cliched sushi joint manner (you know it when you see it), albeit with far less chotchkies than many other places.  You can sit and be comfortable without being distracted by a myriad of junk that makes you wonder "What the hell is that doing there"?Our hostess and server were both very nice, despite the fact that we popped in pretty late in the evening when it seemed the dinner service was winding down.  Sushi Too has its liquor license so you can order a limited selection of beers - including the obligatory Sapporo and Asahi varieties.  For a starter I had seaweed salad and it was as good as anywhere else I've had it.  For dinner I ordered sashimi - sake, hamachi and hirame (salmon, yellowtail, fluke).  They were presented as three nice looking cuts each, with each cut being slightly larger than average.  The quality of the fish was very good - good flavors and textures.  Overall it was a good experience and worth the money.  If a future visit yielded similar results - I would bump my rating to 4 stars.  Consider it a 3.5 for now.
2	I saw the mixed reviews, and thought, let's give it a chance.  It's close, it has delivery, and I might get lucky.  Even after placing the order with the lady who didn't speak a lick of English (and had to call back to repeat our credit card number six times), I thought "Hey, she can't speak English, it must be authentic!"  Well, that logic fell short.The sushi rolls were by far the worst I've had in a while.  I'm not being a snob.  I've been satisfied with sushi from supermarkets -- but this place just doesn't cut it, especially for the prices.  As for the other items: salad dressing, bleh.  Miso soup, alright. Tempura, bland.On the positive side, I've heard that poor quality sushi means lower mercury content!  So here's to my health.
3	Seriously, this place is not terrible, and is great for a quick lunch or if you are needing to kill some time. Rolls are kinda small, but I really liked the mushroom roll. Service is friendly and quick- so quick that the waitress admittedly wrote my order down wrong and brought the wrong rolls. She was nice about it so I didn't mind much.Again, it's not amazing but not terrible. I'd come again at lunchtime.
3	Not bad or so I thought. I picked up lunch here the other day for take out. Lunch special #9 was calling my name - chicken katsu, miso soup, salad, spring roll and california rolls - for $7.50. About 15 minutes from the time I ordered and pick up was easy breezy.Everything tasted fine (not terrible but not the best I've ever had) though the chicken katsu could use a bit more sauce because it is fried and rice can only do so much. After eating I had decided that for the value I could see myself returning back for another lunch pick up at Sushi Too  however a few hours later I was not feeling so great, which was a first for me - I love Japanese food. I'm not sure if it is directly correlated to what I ate but now I am not so sure if I would return at least in the immediate future.
2	Lunch specials are cheap and okay for the price. Anything else is overpriced and pretty awful. Example, the udon there is super oily for no reason. It's more a bad Chinese take on Japanese food than anything.
3	Since my first review, I have done take out a few times at Sushi Too to validate my stance. I have gotten the chirashi bowl and all is good. There is a lot of fish and rice along with a salad and miso soup. Sushi Too does the trick but I do feel that the chirashi is a bit expensive - about 22 bucks. I will continue to go to Sushi Too since it is close to home but still on the look out for my sushi place in the burgh.
3	Good sushi. Quick service. Smells like fish.
3	A-OK sushi place in Shadyside.  I recently had the soft shell crab (spider) roll.  It says market price on the menu, which made me raise my eyebrows a bit, but it turned out to be only $14.  Not bad price wise, and super tasty.  I would pass on the green tea here, not very good.
3	No complaints about the taste of the food.  It's hard to make a bad roll as long as you have fresh ingredients.  They also have free delivery within a 3 mile radius.  However, everything is overpriced in my opinion.  Everytime I get something from Sushi Too, I always forget how small the portions are!  The Tri-Color Roll, the last roll I got, is $9.  Sounds cheap but they give you half the amount you usually get from another sushi joint.  Case of the overpriced Shadyside restaurant?  I think so.
4	Service 4/5--restaurant was almost full, yet the service was still very prompt and politeAtmosphere 4/5Main:Unagidon (Eel and rice bowl) 4/5--a good amount of eel--comes with soup and salad----fish broth soup 4/5----sesame/ginger salad 3/5------a bit too salty but veggies are good and crispSushi:Masago gunkanmaki (Caplin fish roe) 5/5Sake nigiri (Salmon) 5/5--the salmon was very good. Good texture, good temperature; shiny and firm.I'll come back again for more sushi.
4	Great lunch.  3rd time in the last 2-months and same great experience each time.  Great value as well - as the lunch for two was quite reasonable.
4	Went there on my break from Steel Cactus. Got in and out really fast! Really good sushi! Waitress was super nice and she handled all her tables well even though the restaurant was busy. Definitely be back there for more.
2	Food was ok but not spectacular.  Service was poor with our waitress (the other younger one seemed much nicer).  She had a poor attitude and got our order wrong.  We had the lo Mein noodle soup with chicken katsu.  And the Taiwanese pork dish.  Had asked for pork katsu with udon but we were hungry so stuck with it.
4	I love stopping in for lunch.  It is good, quick and affordable.
3	Decent food for the price however I've been to better sushi places for the similar price(and sometimes its worth pay extra for better food). Their makis are often sloppy and unfinished looking and certain fish(fresh tuna or yellow tail for example) are not the freshest. I guess it's good for quick lunch once in a while but not for a fancy dinner.
4	Sushi Too is by no means the best sushi restaurant in town but they are pretty good and also--my favorite place for maki rolls.  Whats good about this restaurant is they have options other than sushi in case you're craving maki and your dining companion doesnt want sushi.  The sushi here is solid.  It's not the best, but its good.Here's the trick:  You can order take out from them (I use grubhub.com) and this is the way to go.  Dining in the maki are somewhat sloppy for some reason, and the service can be brusque due to what I'm assuming are language barriers.  If you get take out, your maki will look perfect for some reason, and the food always arrives quickly and as ordered.I dont like dining here due to the over powering smell of fish in this restaurant.  If they have their front door open you can smell it across the Walnut Street.  Many sushi restaurants smell slightly of fish--you're eating sushi!  This place has ALWAYS just totally smelled like fish.Its a good place for a casual lunch or dinner if you dine in, I would not bring a date here.  The restaurant is cute inside.My favorite menu items are the spicy tofu salad, age tofu, edamame, the Negihamachi roll, Spicy Caifornia Rolls, Shadyside Roll, the Sunshine roll, and any of the tempura rolls.  Their miso soup is also very good.I recommend this place for take out.  This review is all over the place, but they get 4 stars from me bc I am a long time patron, and I just love their maki rolls so much.
4	I would say it's the best Japanese restaurant in Pittsburgh. I've been here multiple times after my shopping spree. The service has always been friendly,and the food has been enjoyable. I especially recommend the curry shrimp, fried tempura, and sushi.
1	Noodle stir fry - Chinese style :(Noodle soup - Chinese style :(And, I can make it better without even trying..Eel roll..  So/so, nothing special
4	Huge fans. The menu has great variety, the food is out super fast, and though the menu is small, the cocktails are delicious. The service wasn't amazing, but every time we go I resolve to go back once a week. I'm no sushi expert, but Sushi Too is my Pittsburgh favorite for sushi.
4	Wasn't the best in the universe, but it was definitely good. I only got the sushi as takeout, but the interior seemed clean and was pretty busy when I went to go pick up my food (always comforting). Well-priced, too, which isn't a guarantee on Walnut Street.
2	Terrible experience both times I have been there. I ordered take out one rainy night, she told me 20 minutes and when I showed up, they acted like I had never called but my order slip was on the counter. I waited while they made my order. I decided to give them another shot last Friday and went with a bunch of my girlfriends. We got there and were seated promptly. We rbought a bottle of wine which had a corking fee of $15. I was surprised, but since they had a full bar I understood. It took 20 minutes to get us wine glasses and then another 20 before our server took our order. Our server apologized for the delay because they were hosting a large group upstairs. I let it slide then. We got ordered and waited 45 minutes for our food and our orders were wrong. It took us approximately 10 minutes to eat since we were so hungry. We then waited another 35 minutes for our check. Overall, the menu is great. I enjoyed my food, but it was not good enough to tolerate that service again. You'll see me at Little Tokyo next time.
1	If I could give this place a 0 star review I would. I'm livid. I have gone to sushi too multiple times, both in the restaurant and delivery. I will say the food is great. I just made a delivery order (for the 3rd time since i moved to Pittsburgh in November) and then was called an HOUR after I made the order and told that my order will not be delivered due to the fact that they do not feel safe driving in my neighborhood. I live in East Liberty, a 5 min drive from Shady Side. The part that I am confused about is that they have delivered to me multiple times before, in this neighborhood and now are refusing to. If they didn't feel comfortable delivering to me I would have understood if they called 5 min after the order to inform me but they called an HOUR after the order was placed. On top of it they told me to come pick up the food, but would not offer any sort of compensation! HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!!!
4	I dream of the days when I had a sushi joint across from my work. That being said I miss you, sushi too! I've had a few of the rolls: surf n turf, rainbow, spicy Cali... Etc BUT that rainbow roll is something else. They give an adequate amount of fish on top the roll which makes me a happy girl. The variety is perfect and the fish is seemingly very fresh. Ugh, now I need sushi. Preferably your rainbow roll...
4	I order from here quite a bit, and have eaten in about twice. I enjoy their food -- it's not top-notch gourmet sushi by any means, but it's decent and at a good price. The rolls have a good amount of fish, and not a ridiculous amount of rice like some sushi restaurants seem to do to make the rolls seem bigger. The veggie tempura is delicious, best I've had. I have had issues several times when ordering delivery, but they have always rectified the situation for me, so I won't hold a grudge!
4	Loved it! Nice small restaurant and sweet staff. Food was great. Had the vegetarian sushi, which was great. Will definitely be returning.
4	I have heard about Sushi Too and seen it several times on Walnut St, but I never stopped in until a few days ago. My boyfriend and I were really craving sushi, and this seemed like a good spot to go. The restaurant wasn't crowded at all, which was nice. Unfortunately, I was freezing to death the entire time because I was directly under the AC vents. That made it a little uncomfortable, but I dealt with it.The staff here was unbelievably kind. The ladies serving us were nice, not pushy and somewhat attentive. I feel like refills could have been given more frequently, but oh well. I am a vegetarian, so I ordered cold sesame noodles and a vegetable tempura roll with zucchini. My boyfriend ordered a vegetable tempura roll with asparagus, and a sunshine roll. The sesame noodles were absolutely delicious, but I would have liked less peanut sauce. It was a bit salty, and there was a lot of excess. Something about it made my stomach a little irritated, but it still tasted good enough to finish. I'll have to ask for the peanut sauce on the side next time so that I can adjust it to my preferences. My vegetable roll was really good. I'm a huge zucchini fan, so the slight crispiness of the tempura batter and the softness of the zucchini made me happy. I put spicy mayo on top to add a little kick. I could have easily eaten these all day and night. One roll is surprisingly filling, though! And for only $5. I can't judge the fish roll my boyfriend ordered, but he said it was average compared to the sushi he has had near beaches. I'll definitely be back to Sushi Too, but I may not eat inside. The atmosphere is bland, and it's really a small space. I would rather get it to go and eat at the park or something. The price is reasonable, and the service is great.
4	Visiting Sushi Too was truly refreshing. As a recent transplant to Pittsburgh, I've had issues finding decent sushi that isn't over priced. Sushi Too delivered in an unexpected and pleasant way. I give Sushi Too 4/5 stars for the following reasons:Atmosphere: 5/5Sushi Too offers the feeling of a cozy yet high-end sushi restaurant. Features such as custom high quality napkins, high quality chop sticks and a relaxed atmosphere, help make you feel very comfortable here. Though this place may be a bit small, the feeling is just right!Service: 4/5The service here is quite nice. Everyone seems happy and was constantly smiling. The only complaint I have was the waiting time for our meal, due to one sushi chef serving the entire dining area. I feel this is more of a timing issue though, as we visited between the lunch and dinner rush.Food: 4/5Biting in to my sushi rolls truly was the best part of my visit here. The food was prepared excellently, with large portions for their sides. I've had many tempura rolls but the Asparagus veggie tempura roll was extremely delicious (and cheap!). The only reason I did not give Sushi Too a 5/5 in this category was due to their limited selections. I am a traditionalist when it comes to sushi and felt that there were a lot of classic rolls that simply weren't there. Don't let this discourage you though, their selection still provides some great options for vegetarians and carnivores alike. I recommend checking out their special rolls of the day.Price: 5/5I was pleased to get out of a sushi restaurant for under $25, for two people. The price was right here, without any price gouging that I've seen in other places around the 'Burgh. In short, Sushi Too will not be breaking the bank.Overall: 4/5Sushi Too is an establishment that successfully blends delicious food, atmosphere, and service. I was very happy with my visit and will definitely return to further explore their menu.
1	Lived in Japan for three years, which may be skewing my expectations, but the sushi was fishy and had an odd color. Had to send it back, unfortunately.
3	If you're dying for good sushi, this is not the place. On the bright side, if it a nice day and your okay with average sushi, the plop your butt down at one of their outdoor patio tables overlooking Walnut Street. I ordered the fantasy, fresh salmon and spicy tuna rolls ($4.50-6.50 ea.). The prsentation was fine, but the sushi wasn't as fresh as it probably should be. Also, I found the ginger, something I always gobble up, to be disappointing. At least the water is good. For top notch sushi without the Shadyside fuss, hop over to Andy's at Wholeys Market in the Strip District.
5	Food is decent, service is awesome. Be sure to ask for Mia as a server. You will make a friend in her as she brings your drinks and food throughout the meal!
5	I love this place! This is a common spot for me and my bestie. Prices are reasonable, food is delicious, service is outstanding... What's not to like?
