4	This Hampton Inn was as modern, clean, and as well appointed as any other Hampton Inn at which I've ever stayed. It's nearby to a new shopping center with several higher end restaurants and stores as well as a movie theater. The river runs out back of the hotel so the view from our room was great. There is also a running trail that goes by the hotel and travels along the river. The breakfast (complimentary) had a lot more choices than I was expecting.My only complaint is that we tried to get a cab from there to downtown and had no luck at all. When we asked about a cab at the front desk the attendant said its difficult to get a can to come out there and she wasn't kidding. Of the three companies listed in the room binder, one company said they didn't come out there at all, and the other two basically said it would be a while and they'd call when someone was in the area. After an hour of waiting, the time of our event rolled around and we decided to just drive there. One of the companies never called ... the other called an hour and a half later. If you need a ride from this hotel arrange a sedan from a limo service well in advance.
5	Fabulous find!   This is a new hotel that is super clean.  You are only15 mins away from Pittsburgh.  Very friendly staff, river views and excellent shopping, restaurants and movie theater.  We will stay again!
5	I was really pleased with the service at this hotel. We stayed here for a youth hockey tournament. They were accommodating for parents who wanted to sit in the lounge and enjoy a few adult beverages.We had a game that was delayed, and we did not get back until 10:00 pm on Sunday night. They referred us to a pizza place, and baked us cookies. We had a game at 8:00 am the next morning. The overnight desk clerk had brown bags for each of our kids with a bottle of water, apple, and breakfast bar.The hotel was super clean, and all of the staff were very friendly. There is an outdoor mall across the street with plenty of dining choices. I was really pleased with the hotel.
5	I have to give credit, where credit is due!This is not necessarily a 5 star hotel, but they definately give you 5 star service!!!I came to meet up with some friends and our children for a trip to Kennywood. Even before the trip, I had great customer service from Ashley helping me to situate our adjoing rooms. Upon arrival, everything was smooth, the front desk people were extremely nice. The hotel was very clean, and the room was HUGE! We got the 2 queen bed suite with adjoing King suite and it was more than enough room for our 2 families and 4 little ones. They loved it! No one complained about the noise. No one complained about our kids ripping through the breakfast and leaving a mess. The breakfast people were super nice!The pool was the highlight of the trip (even more than the dang amusement park). The kids loved it and didn't want to leave. We were the only ones there. They even went and drew and stapled papers in the business center and no one bothered them.This hotel was definately family friendly and I appreciated the great service.If and when we go back to the Pittsburg area, we will be staying here!
5	Had a great time in Pittsburgh! Hotel was located in a great area with lots to do within walking distance. The staff at the Hampton Inn was so friendly and helpful! I would give them 10 stars if I could! I would drive all the way from Florida to stay there again. Thank you!
