3	We were told that this was something new that they were trying out. A roasted turkey wrap with swiss cheese, almonds and dried cranberries. Almost a pseudo turkey dinner wrap, this "sandwich" was held together with a soft wholewheat tortilla. Again, roasted right in the store, the turkey was still juicy and full of flavour and was really nice with the nuttiness of the almonds and the sweetness of the cranberries. Third sandwich in, it was very apparent that Soupson's sandwich and lunch vision is to provide really solid and simple meals - which is very commendable.
4	Open till 10pm every day of the week serving homemade and mostly vegetarian and even vegan soups, so already, I love Soupson. The creamy soups are made with an in house cashew milk which is beyond tasty and super filling. They also offer sandwiches with meats roasted in house so nitrate and preservative free. This is also a regular dep so you can grab grab beers, smokes, organic vegetable chips: you know regular stuff. But you can also pick up organic fruits and veggies, and if you buy a big soup in a Mason Jar you can bring it back for refills, eliminating a little bit of the great wash of packaging in your life.
4	I love Soupson. For a long time, it was just part of the backdrop on my walks in the Mile-Ex but now it has become a regular stop for me when I am in the area thanks to my friend telling me to check out.The owner is incredibly friendly and always let's you taste the soup even if you're coming in for something else. Every day she prepares a fresh batch, always vegan, with a cashew cream or sunflower cream base. It's always delicious and I've never been disappointed. On the weekends, they have chilli (vegan and meat) that I haven't tried yet but I've heard are good. Not feeling soup or chilli? Their fridge are always full of salad, sandwiches and wraps. They also carry delicious cookies and on Tuesdays and Fridays they get Saint Donuts (I'm kinda obsessed with those donuts.) You can also stay in to eat or take it away.The great thing about Soupson is that it's also a mini grocer and they carry fresh produce. It's your one stop shop for your dep-grocery-restaurant needs.Enjoy!
4	Awesome soup!! There is only 1 soup of the day but you can also buy yesterday's soup  cold in a mason jar. The soup today was an asparagus, spinach and pea soup. It was just wonderful! We sat in the dining area which was a long communal table.The reason for -1 star is that we also purchased their millet salad and chili (which we heated later on for dinner) as well as some banana bread. We were disappointed in all of these items. Loved: The soup, it was REALLY REALLY good! Also comes with bread :)Meh: The millet salad, the small salad, the banana bread, the chili. Basically, everything except for the soup.
