1	I know this review is not timely, but I really was not sure if I would put it out there.  But after thinking about it, I feel others should be able to see another side of this vet business.  picture this:  It is Easter weekend, and we realize we are running out of pain killers for our handicapped dog.  We called to ask if they were open Saturday morning, and they said they were, but only until noon.  We said we would be by to pick the meds up, and the receptionist agreed to have them ready to save a little time.  She did warn us not to come late, because they were closing at noon.  We had some other errands to run, and arrived at the vet clinic at 11:40 am.  The doors are all locked and the lights are out, and there is not a single car in the lot.  We call on the phone, and get the emergency service.  So needless to say, this is no longer our vet.When we were here before, it has always been quiet, no other customers but us, and the place looks a little run down.  Maybe this is why he is not so busy.  What kind of customer service is that?
5	I've been going to Aashne for 10 years now and Dr. Kile and his staff are wonderful.  You can tell they really love and care about your animals.  My first experience with Dr. Kile was when I got a German Shepherd puppy that contracted Parvo.  Everyone wanted an arm and a leg to treat my pup and he cured him for only around $300 which included an overnight stay and IV fluids.  He told me he felt sorry that other vets take advantage of people's emotions and get away with highway robbery. One vet quoted me up to 10K to treat my pup with no guarantees he'd survive.  Anyways, I can't say enough good things about this clinic. I drive from Chandler to Mesa to take my dogs there and we're always attended to quickly and professionally and with compassion.
1	I've taken 2 of my dogs to Dr Kile and a couple puppies.  He has no people skills and neither do a couple of his staff gals.  He mis-diagnosed one of my dogs and I paid a ton for his services and medication for a treatment that did nothing.  At one point the doctor even argued with me and would never listen to what I had to say.  When asking about a treatment for another of my dogs, I was insulted by Dr Kile.  I will NEVER bring a single dog back to this place which is sad cause their office is so close to my home.
5	I have been going to Dr. Kile for years. He has treated some serious illnesses (Valley Fever, cancer). He is always honest with our treatment options and I feel confident I am not being gauged. I can say that I have not always had the same experience with other vets.
