4	Why pay full price for men's clothing when you can find quality used items here? Well Suited consistently has an excellent selection of suits, sportcoats, slacks, dress shirts and golf shirts. You can also trade in your old clothing for store credit or cash. The credit is good at any of the different stores in the My Sister's Closet chain, including all of their stores that carry men's and women's clothes, furniture and kid's apparel, furniture and toys.
5	You want to get rid of stuff you aren't wearing but is still in current style or is traditional and will always look good.  If it is in good shape and  came from Needless Markdown, or Bags Fourth Street,  and not from Tarjet or Wally world, then consign it at Well Suited.  While you are there, it is natural to want to look around and usually you can find something that is easy to take home.  One word of warning.  This is not a thrift shop so don't expect prices like you find a Saver's or Goodwill.  I sent a friend there who was expecting just that and he was sorely disappointed. A man should be able to go in to Well Suited, and if he wanted, walk out with a really nice wardrobe, both dress and casual,  from head to toe including acessories such as watches, shoes, belts ties and sunglasses all at reasonable prices.  There are some really good buys to be had here.  Most of the merchandise is designer with labels you will know.  If you don't,  ask Jenny or her staff.  If they don't know, they will look it up on the internet.  The other day I saw a t shirt from Barcelona by  a Spanish designer who is at the top of his game.  i know what this man's clothes run, and at $37, it really was a steal.I do think what this store has over other men's reale stores is a staff that makes you feel welcome and helps you as you want help.  They are as friendly to someone in their 70's as they are to men in their 20's and you see as many of one as the other.  A good example of this is what I saw on the fourth of July., A young man from Lithuania, obviously a regular customer, came in with his mother and sister.  Neither of them spoke English, or knew American sizes.  He was certain, that,  Jenny, the men's manager, who "is one of my best friends in America" will know what to do!  I asked her after she got the ladies set up next door how she knew him, maye she had been dating him.   She said no, he was just a customer who drove in from Glendale to shop with them. It didn't surprise me in the least. I felt comfortable asking Jenny that as I have know her since she graduated from high school.  I know the work she puts into making it a great place for a man to shop at.   Excellent merchandise is not enough if men don't feel at ease shopping at a men's store.  When it comes to shopping, a man always needs a place like this!  I'm just afraid one of these days someone is going to steal her away to Sedona one of her favorite places!Just so you know, when they sell your things, you have the choice of getting cash or taking it in trade.  Wise individuals, they want you to keep you money on account and spend it there, so they give you more when you take it in trade.  Don't be surprised though if your Raybans that you have never worn don't bring as much as you think.  Jenny will probably gets you as much as your going to get unlike another store at 32nd Street and Shea.  I about threw up when I saw what they got two pairs of unworn Merrill boots  I took there just to try some place different for a change  I'm not going to say I'd never consider going to another place and see what they have to offer.  I just know Well Suited is a consistently comfortable place for a man to enjoy going in and doing some shopping and that isn't all that bad!Just thought to say something about two different things.  Ever gotten a gift card to someplace that is going to take you forever to find something you need to use it? The money you take in trade can be used at any of the stores of this group which includes women's and furniture and accessory stores.    Even better, I think is what happens if something  you consign doesn't sell.  You can take it back or they will donate it to a group that supports no kill animal shelters.   I appreciate the owners of the company for supporting this very worthy cause.
5	Still a great place to shop and Jen is still there.  Good news-they are taking both summer and winter things now.  Usually when I am ready to clean out my closets, it's the wrong time to take what I want to get rid of..  Take advantage of it!
2	Everytime I come here they seem to have less and less men's items, specifically designer jeans, which also seem to be getting more and more expensive. Selling stuff is a bit different here too. It's consignment so it doesn't quite work the same as Buffalo Exchange where you bring them stuff they take what they want and give you cash or credit on the spot.Here, they buy on consignment so they chose the items they want and you get money based on what they sell for AFTER they sell. And they have sales ALL the time it seems.Last time I went I sold them 4 pieces and went in today, 3 wks later and nothing sold.Of course nothing they took from me was out on the floor. I literally went through every piece. Nothing.Seems kinda shady.
5	Every time I come in here, I find high-ticket items for cheap that suit my style preference and size...I have found Stacy Adams loafers for $20, Steve Madden shoes for $15, polo dress shirts for $12. Just found a Bugatchi Uomo Italian dress shirt for $14 the other day (I'm sure normally like $80 or so). This is my favorite place to buy clothes, bar none. Much of the stuff is in very good to almost new condition. Oops...now I've let the cat out of the bag, and there's going to be a run on the place. Damn! No, just kidding... I'm happy to share. Hope y'all find the joy in clothes shopping as I have with Well Suited.
3	Since my original review, Well Suited has expanded from being a tiny adjunct of My Sister's Closet to taking the entire space previously held by the furniture consignment label of this chain, My Sister's Attic. Now that it's bigger, they carry even more stuff.Unfortunately, it seems that as consignment shops got more popular during The Great Recession, the people that own My Sister's Closet and Well Suited decided to take advantage by raising the prices on everything in the store. While I still can find deals here, I can often go to Last Chance, the Dillard's Outlets, or EBay and find new or practically new clothing for the same price Well Suited is charging for used clothing.What used to be one of my favorite places to shop and consign clothing has turned into a place where I only stop if I'm in the area and that's too bad.
4	I'm glad to see a shop pop up just next door to My Sister's Closet dedicated just to men. They used to have a few racks inside of MSC, but now have expanded their men's collection into the spot where their furniture shop once was. I guess furniture didn't sell quite so well.Let's face it, I never could find anything in the one rack of stuff in my size, and I'm not real sure I wanted to ever admit shopping for myself at a place called My Sister's Closet anyway. Now that I can check into "Well Suited" I don't have to hide my check-in's anymore. ;-). Find nice to new quality (not actually new, but new like) men's apparel here for a fraction of the original cost. Shoes, Suits, Shirts, Wallets, Watches, and Pants, you'll have a difficult time NOT finding something that piques your interest.Happy Yelping Phoenix, time to suit up!
4	I keep reading good things about this place including from a few of my Yelpers. So I really wanted to get over there and give it a try.Great location, right in the Town and Country shopping Cneter.So lots of parking. It is right next to my Sisters closet as well, so you can use that for a landmark.A lot of nice items for resale and a fraction of the price. I do not like to pay a lot for my clothes,unlike my girlfriend who is buying stuff on a weekly trip.Anyway, check it out. Good prices, nice things, it is a winner.
3	They didn't really have anything vintage or retro. The store was clean and well organized but lacking some fun pieces.
4	I have collared shirts, workouts shits, and even a couple pairs of shoes from this place. Very affordable way to upgrade your wardrobe. Yes, it's used clothing but most of it tends to be in very good condition.  The store isn't very big and can be hit or miss IME but there are good deals to be had.  I would recommend checking it out if you're in the area. Combine with a trip to Nordstrom Rack nearby and you should find some good clothes between the two.
4	This men's consignment shop is well curated and tasteful without being expensive, and that's rare.  The local boys have great taste, and I have no problem with their designer sloppy seconds!  The goods range from hipster to gay chic to country club bland, but are usually top of the line in quality.  Well Suited maintains a top spot on my Valley to-do list, especially since it sits right next to one of the most amazing Nordstrom Racks around!  I think there's a regular consignment shopper/trader who has my same size and taste in shoes, because no matter what, I always find a pair of stems to buy.
