5	I absolutely love this store!  It's very clean and has an airy feel to it. I started shopping at their Phoenix location and I'm so glad they opened this store.  It's much closer to me.  They always have a good selection of items and I always find something my kids want or need. I have consigned items here and usually have in-store credit for my purchases.  I think you get a great return on your items as opposed to other kids consignment/resale stores.They have a Facebook page they are constantly adding items to.  If you friend them, you can purchase items with store credit or debit/credit card over the phone.  Extremely convenient to shop without actually going to the store.  They transfer items (smaller items) you purchase between stores too.  :-)
5	I absolutely love Hissyfits! I've been able to find the cutest clothes for my son (due next month). The quality is always fabulous and I love the selection.
5	Love this store! I loved the Phoenix location, tried the Scottsdale and love it even more! They have all the best brands. I feel like the Scottsdale location has better brands in better shape, and their "normal" brands of GAP & Gymboree are overshadowed by Mini Boden, Juicy Couture & more, which means I can get gap jean staples even cheaper! I got my girls beautiful wool coats for winter, fun skirts for summer. And the staff is always so friendly & inviting. Great bang for your buck as trade in consignment too. Shop local!
5	I just wanted to take a moment to say the quality and degree of customer service I received from Amanda and Kelly at HissyFits Resale, was way above and beyond. Because of their diligence and courteous manner, not only did I pick up my FB purchase (Yes, if you follow them on FB and see them post something you like you can buy it over the phone!!)...but, I ended up getting several other things from BOTH locations and as always we got incredible prices! I have always been a huge fan of Hissyfits Resale..having reps like Amanda and Kelly there just makes the experience even better. It is a fabulous place for any Mom!  The quality of the merchandise is great too! Am very thank-full for all the extra care they give their clients. Hissyfits is a one of a kind place and so are the peeps that work there. Am a very satisfied customer! :)n
3	Not the biggest selection but the store and items are nice and clean.  Hard to see from the street.
5	This store (and the Phoenix location) is awesome! I just got a bed there, and I don't have a truck so the lady working there lent me tools to take it apart so it would fit in my car. She was very helpful and friendly. I've been to the Phoenix one many times since it's right near my house but the bed was at this location and I'm glad I went. The store is very cute, clean, and I would say decently priced for the clothes they have. Thanks for another great experience :D
