5	Dr. Nguyen is as good as it gets in her profession.  I have occasional debilitating dizzy spells. This is the third time I have seen her in the past two years.  She also suggests maneuvers I could do at home to help the problem.  My hearing aids are old and I don't hear quite as well with them as I used to.  She took the model number and says she will be able to enhance the sound.  She is also a very sweet, caring and knowledgable young woman.  I had to do some searching to find her in her new location, but I'm glad I did.Thank you Holly,     Laurie E
5	I love this audiologist. I got custom ear plugs made by her and I absolutely love them. I wore them to EDC to protect my ears and avoid getting ringing in my ears in the future.  Very thorough and efficient. I would recommend anyone to go see her. She also does audio test, balance test and hearing aid consultation.
5	Dr. Holly is really good. Like a lot of people, I was reluctant to get hearing aids, but finally decided to try them. All of the better hearing aids are based on the latest computer technology and require a lot of computer adjustments. Obviously, I wanted someone well trained in the latest computer innovations. Dr. Holly is young, but that was a plus to me because she is on the cutting edge with the latest products. When you meet her, you will be happy you chose her. She is friendly and caring, and very thorough. She helps you make your own decision without being pushy or trying to sell you anything. Once I decided to get hearing aids, she spent several weeks adjusting them, and really just fine tuning them, to get the best possible results for me. It would be hard to find a more knowledgeable, conscientious or considerate audiologist.
5	I visited Dr. Holley on Monday after her prompt response to a voicemail I left over the Thanksgiving Holiday. I was very impressed that she returned the call by 8:00 am on Monday. She was able to get me in right away to fit me for custom ear plugs I need for business. And even more impressive, I received them within 5 days.....simply amazing. Thanks Dr. Holley for the impressive service and warm welcome to your practice.
