3	Interesting furniture at decent prices.  The styles here are not for everyone, but if you are looking for some eclectic additions, Potato Barn is worth stopping in at. If I had unlimited room and an unlimited budget, I could see myself going a little crazy.  However, the one thing I'm not 100% sold on is quality.  The stuff I looked at all seemed to be decently made, but some of the drawers looked like they might stick after a while.I may go back and get chairs, as they had the best selection and prices I had seen, and the closest to the style I want.
5	This store is just so awesome. I love all of the rustic, distressed styles of furniture they offer plus the prices are pretty good. I like to pop in here often because they always have some new interesting furniture to check out.
3	This place has some great, unique pieces of furniture, at great prices but the showroom is a little overwhelming. Its all thrown together and you feel like you need to go through twice just to make sure you didn't miss anything. We are in the market for several pieces of furniture and although several pieces were close to what we were looking for, they didn't fill the bill one way or another. The staff was around but no one approached us or even smiled at us or asked if we needed help. I appreciate no pressure sales but it would have been nice to have at least been welcomed to the store. They were in the midst of receiving a new delivery which made it even more chaotic so maybe that was why? Regardless, they're too far away to visit again.
4	Very unique pieces..not the highest quality but definitely rare. We got a coffee table and have had it two years..it has a refurbished look which is nice because if it gets a scratch you wont notice it. The pieces are all really unique. I have noticed that prices seem to have gone up since they opened another store in Scottsdale. I heard some horror stories from some people on the pieces they bought but our little coffee table has been great. It's definitely worth taking a look..but they don't bargain with you at all. Also..don't expect any service. You have to hunt someone down to help you. Overall..worth a look...likely worth the buy for a unique piece that people will comment on.
1	Love the stuff but after purchasing several things at the Scottsdale store & arranging to pick them up next week I went to the Gilbert store to buy more the same day. There was a lower price on 2 chairs I bought ($200.) in Scottsdale & they wouldn't honor it. All sales FINAL! Very poor customer relations by the owner!
1	i have purchased SEVERAL large ticket items from the potato barn in both the old, original location, as well as the newer one on Power road.  I am not sure if they changed owners or have just gotten so large they don't care about customer service any longer.The old owners/managers were so helpful and friendly.  There was a husband and wife team that not only remembered us when we came in, but also our family and friends we had brought in for purchases.  They would take the time to suggestive sell and help us or just take a moment to visit with us when we came in to let us know what was new that would work with our prior purchases.  The last few times I have gone in, not a single person looks familiar.Today, I went in to look for some unique items for holiday gifts.  I walked in and shopped for 25 minutes without even being greeted.  I gathered a few items and tried to make it to the front to pay, accidentally knocking over a picture and tripping over a candlestick someone set on the floor.  An employee was less than 15 feet away, straightening out pillows on a shelf and looked right at me to see what the noise was and did not even approach or ask if I was ok.  Another customer actually came over to help me up.  I then set 3 pillows that I was going to purchase on a table and waited for an employee to come over to ring me out for those and a large picture I could not move.  After another 10 minutes, NOBODY came over to help, so I decided today was not the day to shop there.  As I was leaving the store, I saw the older gentleman, with long gray hair, with 4 other employees standing by the door talking and looking at merchandise.  I let them know I had been in their store for 25 minutes, was never approached, had fallen and since nobody was around to accept payment for my items, I have decided not to purchase anything.  The older gentleman said "sorry" and that was it.  Not a single one offered to take care of me or take my payment.  They just missed out on my $600.00, as well as any future sales.
5	Just like with the Crowded House in Chandler, I love the Potato Barn. I think they're sister stores or something. I love all the unique pieces that you won't find in places like the room store or mor furniture. I always go to these two stores before anywhere else. And it's a huge plus to not have sales people following your around.
5	I visited the store today, and purchased two fantastic pieces. The first was a large 4-drawer wood dresser with distressed silver metal drawers; a very unique piece. The second was a modern dining room server in a matte finish brown that is solidly built and fits perfectly in my small space.  The store is big and packed to the rafters, so can be a bit overwhelming.  I had excellent help from the women who were working and wrote up my order. I made the purchase early this afternoon, and they delivered both pieces and put in place by 6PM this evening. FANTASTIC! The delivery guys were so nice, and very careful of the furniture and my floors.  The two large pieces together, including the $85 delivery charge, were less than $1500, which I think was an awesome price for well-built pieces. The drawers in both pieces are deep, quite heavy and roll smoothly.  Each piece is solid, 'weighty' and both had dovetail joinery and good clear wood finishes.I'm sure they're not the very best of the best quality, but for $695 each, I couldn't be happier.  If you love 'industrial' style, chippy finishes, large-scale pieces, unusual wall decor and lighting, I can't believe you won't find a bunch of things you love here!  I'm personally not so into the heavily distressed painted pieces, and shabby chic look, but there were tons of other pieces that were more modern and urban.  Even though I'm not in the market for a sofa, I saw really nice, over-sized modern pieces in unusual fabrics and colors, and would not hesitate to buy one here next time around.I also fell for alot of the metal pieces, like large balls made of metal strips, industrial light fixtures (some old, some new), and cool metal/wood wheeled carts and storage pieces. I'll definitely be back for more.
4	We bought a beautiful couch and coffee table in April from the Gilbert location. It took a while before we were approached by anyone to see if we needed help, however, when one of the girls did finally ask, she referred us to the owner for some of the more specific questions that we had. The place had a steady customer flow at the time and yet the owner still took time with us. We had excellent help in making our decision and without hassle. We were made to feel comfortable about taking our time and we were never pressured to buy. When we finally did decide to purchase, we weren't on the same page about the color of couch and the owner actually had some of the guys move the coffee table to the couch color that we were debating on and we knew right then it was the right combo. I LOVE the couch so much. It is HUGE (which is great for my 6'3" tall hubby) and wide and so incredibly soft. We got the color 'Dove' but it looks kind of like a grayish sage color to us and it is perfect in our home. The coffee table is square and a worn black color and looks wonderful with the couch. We had it delivered to our home (and they actually came THAT day!!) and the guys were so polite, efficient and careful with our items. It DOES take time to get recognized by someone working there and I have noticed in the past that if I'm not looking at one specific thing but more "window shopping" they won't even approach you at all BUT If I had enough money to go buy a new bedroom set, I would in a heartbeat. This place is amazing. Love their stuff.
