1	I wish I could say something positive about this place, but my experience with this place has been horrible thus far. My husband and I were looking for a new camper, we found one we liked and started the financing process. We were getting a great deal and this particular fifth wheel would fit our life style well. A week later we went through our own bank to finance and picked a date to pick up our new (used) fifth wheel. The Wed. before we were to pick it up we called to see if we could pick it up a day earlier and were promptly told no, that there were no open appointments that day.......and that the main awning motor was missing so they took it upon themselves to remove the awning without even a phone call to us. After a day and a half of phone tag and much negotiation we agreed to pay half of the cost of a new motor and the labor to instal, i mean did i really need that $500?The day of the trade in we showed up at our appointment time, signed a bunch of papers and were taken to our new home on wheels, there was a technician there to do a walk through with us, and we knew more about the unit then he did, awesome. I asked him how long the unit had been on the lot, he told me 3 years, the salesman told me 8 months. When it was time to transfer our stuff from our old camper to the new one, no one was there to reposition the new trailor so we had to move boxes one by one across a parking lot, which at first glance doesnt sound so bad, but in hour 2 it suck.  Before we left the sales manager approached me and told me that they had "miss placed" the keys to the unit and for me to call a locksmith have the locks rekeyed, to send them the reciept and they will reemberse me, we will see if that really happens. We get the rv home, and the water heater isnt working, lights have shorted out, the cieling fan wont turn on and there are cob webs....wth. we were told everything was checked and worked, and that the unit was detailed. Needless to say when we purchase our next rv it will not be from these people.
1	After getting the unit home and living in it a week this is what i have discovered. The convection oven doesnt work, there was a random plug in the water heater that took us a day to figure out was even there and to remove it, the air conditioner over the bedroom has lost a bearing or something of that sorts and the back tank lever thingy that closes it worked great once, but is now jammed. NEVER BUY FROM THESE PEOPLE....and if you do, spring the extra four grand and get the comprehensive warranty they offer
1	First time buying (used)travel trailer , definitely be the last buying from here. Whatever the sales staff says about not selling units that leak or have problems, get it all in writing before you , sign anything or buy anything.I was told by several staff members before and during my purchase how Findlay does testing and checks out used trailers before selling them and one of my concerns I told several staff members was my concerns about leaks because I was going to be traveling to Oregon for work and living in my travel trailer. Needless to say almost exactly a month to the day of me purchasing my travel trailer I'm up in Oregon and within 2 weeks of being here, rain storm and I have leaks. I talked to the assistant manager today and the first things he wanted to know was if I got it in writing about no leaks and if I had purchased an extended warranty ( not that I expected them to put any money towards the $750 I'm about to pay to have the roof resealed, I can be considered crazy but I'm not stupid) . With the answer to both of those being no, the conversation didn't go anywhere. He didn't show no concern for there being the ever slightest possibility of me being verbally miss led to believe that they do testing for leaks or anything. Not the slightest bit of remorse that I felt like my customer experience was a bad one. He did explain that it was my right to call and talk to the general manager tomorrow because today was his day off. As if he has to tell me that and I don't know it. Which I plan to. Like I said if they tell you something that makes it sound like that's gone the extra mile for quality & reassurance about a used unit , make them give it to you in writing before you purchase anything from here. Just to update my experience I tried to contact the manager twice within 3 weeks unfortunately he must of been too busy to answer the phone and I had to leave a voice message both times to which I still haven't received a call back 2 months  later.
3	Staff is friendly. Have had CONSTANT problems with my brand new rv but they have fixed everything when I have brought it in. Honestly though, buying new you would assume you wouldn't have any issues and thus far I've had it serviced at least 10 times. That being said thank god its under warranty. So advice for someone who has never bought new... maybe used is the better way to go because an 80k motor home still has issues anyway.
5	Findlay RV has gone through many changes and updates to be more Customer Service oriented and it's working. Keep up the great work.
