5	There is a new DD in town on Bethany Home and the I-17. It is on the north east corner of Bethany and the black canyon frontage road. It is a drive thru as well. Did you know they have hot sandwiches as well. Check it out, the store is very nice, the workers very friendly and helpful. They open at 4 am! Tell all your friends in the area it is kind of hidden behind the gas station. It is in the complex with the big lots!
5	They have some really great flat bread sandwiches! They should advertise it. I had the ham and cheese flat bread sandwich yummy! My friend had the egg white and turkey sausage flat bread and said it was delish. Who knew they had these healthy options at DD. I sure didn't I used to go for the munchkins. Now I am going for the flat bread sammies! Their iced tea is pretty good too! I know many people rave about the coffee. I personally have never had it. Just not a big coffee drinker. Any who check out the DD this one rocks!
2	I don't know what all the hype is about DD coffee, but I was left less than satisfied with my order.  This rating is NOT based on their donuts, because those are a-ok  Perhaps it was the time of day (with the am rush in the drive thru), perhaps it was the drive thru, perhaps it was a combination of many things all in one.I decided to keep this trip basic.  Just ordered an iced coffee with skim milk and sweetener.  What I got looked more like a watered down coffee (with a similar appearance to iced tea) and a little granular of sweetener added. I was hungry also.  Now, I am not disliking or rating this location based off of the donuts, THIS my friend, they have under control.  I wanted something salty.  Ham, egg, and cheese on an english muffin.  When I took my first bite, I noticed that the ham looked like it had been cooked previously, and then recooked in the microwave, because parts of the end were hardened, shriveled, and uneatable.  The egg seemed to be the same way; not tender, not juicy, rather a hardened slab of yellow contaminant. I cannot say that I will be back to this location for their breakfast, unless it is a donut, which then would be eligible for 3.5 stars.  Perhaps I will try the specialty coffees, though I tried to go against that because I don't like all the extra cream and sugars in my drink.
4	Okay, now that I have decided to never eat the breakfast sandwiches from this place, I have chosen to bump up my initial rating.  I have been back to this location several times and have been pleasantly surprised with each visit.When I go now, I order the seasonal iced pumpkin coffee, no sugar, super light cream.  Delicious!  What a better way to ring in fall, and the lack of cool weather, than with this tasty cold beverage!  It has been consistently flavorful on ALL of my last orders.Another good thing about DD: if you save your receipt and do an online survey, they give you a code to get a free donut with your next drink order.  Score!  I don't really eat the donuts, so I just give it to someone at work.  ALSO, sign up for their perk rewards program online.  They will send you a coupon for a free beverage!  I'm a fan of all things free.I have also noticed that the cashiers are much friendlier.  It seems as if they got rid of the girl behind the drive through window and replaced her with two dudes.  Maybe these guys are just more flirtatious when women come through the drive thru, thus generating a happier presentation and attitude.
5	So! Fun fact! If you do the survey on the bottom of the receipt, they'll honor it as a coupon for a free medium coffee. Hot or cold. Boom! They don't usually give you a receipt for it, but if you want another receipt, you can order two munchkins for $.55 including tax! Try a mix of caramel and mocha swirl! Sooooo yummy!Edit 7/28/13You can't do the survey for a free drink anymore. I emailed them saying that I understood why they had to stop, but was sad to see it go, and they sent me a $5 gift card for my feedback. Who does that?! Awesome people, that's who! I'll always go back there!
4	I love the buy 8 medium coffee's and get the 8th free punch card! Service is friendly (I'm guessing it's because the coffee is good) and speedy. I can't give them 5 stars cause it'll totaly show my disloyalty to Starbucks. YIKES
5	i love this location its off of the 17th and there are outlets wohooo!! try their butter pecan iced coffee with caramel so good and also the white chocolate :)
5	I stop at this location sometimes when I don't feel like making coffee at home. Today I was in a terrible mood when I stopped. Everyone here is always so nice, smiling and pleasant! Made my day a little better.
2	now if it wasn't for the drinks an donuts we ordered being delicious, the service was extremely rude. i am on vacation from Los Angeles and was excited to try DD for my first time and was sadly disappointed. i will return to a dunkin' donuts someday, just not this location.
5	This is a great place...I use the drive thru and everyone has been very kind and friendly.
4	This was the second store we visited. The first one at 1931 W Northern Ave, Phoenix, AZ 85021 had run out of donuts and we're not making more. So when looking for a Dunkin come to this one where they make them all day long. Good food
4	I've only ever been to dunkin donuts twice in my life so far and both visits were here.  The counter lady was pleasant.  The place was clean. Both times we went it was empty so we didn't have to wait.  I guess I always built up dunkin like it was going to be an extraordinary experience, but it's been average.My college student loves it tho!The French crueller was yummy. I thought the caramel twist latte drink was incredibly sweet for me & I'm definitely not a fan of it.I'm sure I'll be back, though.  my family loves it here.
