3	This was very much like the bar and grills most college students frequent during their "careers".  I liked the atmosphere, it was very casual and familiar.  The food was actually better that I expected.  They had a create your own burger thing which I really enjoyed. The service was good.  The waitress was friendly and took good care of us.  Overall it was good, but not really anything I hadn't had before.
3	Stool Pigeons can be a fun place to go.  We've gone a few times and hung out at the bar, ordered some food, and played the NTN trivia on the TV screens.  It's a fun after-work way to waste a few hours with friends.  The food is okay (nothing special to brag about).  They have your basic burgers, sandwiches, chicken wings, etc.  The drink specials aren't as great as other places either.  Wait?  Why do I go here? Oh yeah, it's to hang out with friends.  Stool Pigeons is one of the only places of its kind in the University area anymore, so it'll do until something better comes along.  For college kids, though, who live right across the street, it can be a blast.  They have enough space to accommodate large crowds and college kids aren't as picky as a thirtysomething like myself.  I know I wasn't!
5	Pretty chill place.   Generally less crowded and noisy than Flying Saucer.  The bartenders are pretty cool, and do a good job of learning your name.  18 different brews on tap- with $2 mugs on Tuesdays.  The menu is not huge- but it makes sense.  Wings, quesadillas, wraps, burgers and pizza.  The wings are super good.  You might be able to get more varied food elsewhere, but what they have is good, and focused.  The homemade chips are also really good- and served up quick.  Every night they have at least one TV tuned to the Buzztime trivia network.  Trivia is free to play, and the network has an iPhone app- so go for it.  Pool table in the back, and ping pong out front when weather permits.
1	We went on a Friday night to start our night.We were carded twice and they wanted to hold a credit card through our dinner!  The waitress said that was restaurant policy.  I am in my mid-30s and am way past the "dine and dash age".The menu has changed dramatically since the last time we were hear.  The food selection is basically wings, burgers and pizza.  Very disappointed to be treated like a punk kid and will not be back to this establishment.  I'd suggest heading across the parking lot to Flying Saucer.
3	I disagree 100% with Devin.  The saucer is much more chill and seems to be less crowded.  More of a college meat market crowd, if thats what your going for.  Seems like a lot of the people trying to play pool want to act all thug.  Food is ok, I will not go back unless thats the place my friends are going.
4	Another one of my old UCB watering holes, Stool Pigeons is a great place to get the evening started, watch the Sunday games, or settle in on a snow day for a round or 20. There are TV's everywhere, so you can basically stare blindly in any direction and appear less drunk. I've found the menu to be exceptional for bar food, but I preface that massive amounts of alcohol make everything tastier. The waitresses are always friendly, and have picked my friends up with dignity every time they've fallen off their bar stools. Please note my first sentence above, which reads "great place to get the evening started." You do not want to be there late, as the college fights break out, choke holds are placed, and the bouncers are just generally bitchy. Swimming in a sea of college kids is not my favorite recreation, so I try and keep my visits to daylight hours.
3	Sports bars are generally a dime a dozen and this Stool Pigeons ranks above average (for sports bar) for food, cleanliness, and a decent atmosphere. I'm not a sports fan, so I mostly go to these places for food and  fellowship, both of which are a good bet at Stool Pigeons.I agree with Devin that Stool Pigeons is less crowded than comparable establishments, I've never had trouble getting a seat here. While the food is unoriginal pub fare, its cheap, filling, and pretty tasty.  No entree is more than $9.  In fact, the sandwhich and fries was a mere $7!  Our server was quick and friendly.  She got my sandwich right, down to the toppings and never wrote my order down...impressive.  While this is a bar, there is sufficient seating away from the bar for non-barflies who want to have a conversation.  I would even wager that the new non-smoking laws have made these sports bars downright pleasant!  Oh yeah, I'll be back!!!
1	I'll keep this one short - DO NOT GO HERE! We waited about 20 mins to get a beer and then another 1/2 hr to get our check. Asked a couple other waitresses to get our waitress, but she seemed busy elsewhere. Finally came with our checks when a couple of us made it seem like we were walking out without paying.And btw, Flying Saucer is right around the corner and MUCH better. Go there instead. Seriously.
1	This Stool Pigeons has gone put at this location. Just wanted you to know so you wouldn't make the trip & be disappointed when you got here & saw the vacant space. Try Hickory Tavern right around the corner on Mallard Lake in The Arbors shopping center near the Trader Joes. Excellent!
1	closed
1	I believe this location has closed and should be removed as a listing
