4	Thought the food tasted great!  I ordered the Lo Mein, Sesame Chicken, General Tso's Chicken, and Sweet & Sour chicken.  Fast prompt service.  Easy to pick up and run.  Wished the General Tso's was a little more spicy and hot.  They package their food well so that you can save it for another day.  Prices were very reasonable!  Egg rolls were okay and so was the Crab Rangoon.  Good Take-Out!!!!
4	I like this restaurant mostly because they really aim to please.  I called wanting vegetarian soup, which isn't available at most Chinese restaurants or as a matter of fact at Chang Jiang, but they offered to make it for me.  It was really tasty and the vegetables weren't overcooked at all.  I've tried various dishes there and ordered my own creations, but the eggplant has been my favorite so far with broccoli with garlic sauce a close second.  It's really cheap, and there is free hot tea to have while waiting for to go orders.  I'm lucky that I live so close to it.
1	A few of us ordered a delivery to work. When i opened my steamy lunch combo, it was super greasy with a  hair to boot. ( which i discovered only after my first two nibbles) nice. i have never ordered from them since. yikes.
1	This was the Chinese restaurant that convinced me to start being more fussy about where I buy my Chinese food.  Though they have had some good food at times they used to have some gawd awful cobwebs hanging off their decorations at the front desk.  I don't know how they missed this but if they miss this they also miss other details.  Never went back .  I hope they cleaned their decorations.  If you go there check it out.  If not, well there you go, I rest my case.
1	No good! I had sesame chicken and mongolian beef, they were the worst chinese food that i've ever had in madison.
3	It's cheap. So there's that. But I was in and out in under ten minutes, so that's weird. Why is it so fast? It's also weird that there's one table and four chairs right when you walk in. Can you eat there? At the end of the day I guess it doesn't really matter, the grub I grabbed was a-ok. Delicious? Ehhhhhhh, I don't need to rush back there. Edible and satisfying? Yup. I was also a little weirded out that you can see the kitchen, like every inch of it. And you can watch them cook. Like every step of the way.
1	Don't do it..our food tasted old and bad chicken. Will never go back... I should've follow my mind when I walked in and the store had a really bad smell...
4	I normally get the general tso's chicken and fried rice.  They normally cook it within 10 minutes. I think it tastes pretty good and reasonably priced. They may only have 1 table with 4 chairs, but I only consider it a take out restaurant. It is not gourmet, but it is good for what it is.
5	Simple! Great delivery Chinese! Fast delivery and terrific food. Love the fried rice always with each dish.
2	Okay, so this is my first time writing a review! I just got my food delivered and was pretty disappointed. My favorite Chinese restaurant recently closed (huge bummer because it was actually authentic and family ran) so I decided to venture out and try a new place. I've read some mixed reviews about this restaurant but its the only Chinese restaurant in the area. Delivery took almost an hour which wouldn't have bothered me if the food was worth the wait. Very very bland food. I ordered steamed dumplings and broccoli beef. Beef was really chewy and fairly tasteless. Dumplings were not that bad but still not great. I would not reccomend this restaurant, especially if you love authentic Chinese food.
4	They are reliable, fast and tasty.  The workers are very nice people and I enjoy going there.
5	Our go to Chinese food. They deliver so fast and delivery only costs $1! Chicken fried rice is awesome and the crab rangoons are the best I've had. I've never had anything bad from this place. Try it!
