5	If  you kiss enough princes, and you're very lucky, one of them might just turn into a satisfied frog. Good fortune has smiled on us - if you go to 2827 E. Bell Rd. in Phoenix, you'll find one there. Crazy Ed's Satisfied Frog (a.k.a. The Little Frog on Bell) opened last night. This is the home of my favorite fried chicken, and some mighty good ribs, beef and pork. The original Satisfied Frog lived up in Cave Creek in Frontier Town. He'd been around since 1981, and his demise came amidst a swirl of controversy, about two years ago. Crazy Ed and his wife Maria kept in touch with the faithful by e-mail, and he continued to sell his "world famous" Cave Creek Chili Beer on line. Then came the news that he was planning a come-back, and we hung on his every communication. Last night was our reward. The new Frog is much smaller than its predecessor, but much cuter. There are rustic wood chairs and red tablecloths. Terrific lantern light fixtures, and for those who can't do without, 12 TV screens. And the food is even better!! Our chicken ($14.99, enough for two) had crackly good skin, the fries were just the way I like them (you know, nice and crisp). A house salad was included, unlike at the old Frog. The price for this dinner was $3 less than previously. For dessert we had our old favorite, strawberry shortcake ($6.99, again, enough for two). The quality of the ice cream has been upgraded, and nice biscuits sop up the syrup, instead of cake which used to get soggy. This was $2 less expensive. In fact, all the prices are quite reasonable. The meats, which all come from Harris Ranch and are organic and hormone free, range in price from $6.99 for a ground-fresh burger, to $18.99 for a full rack of St. Louis ribs. All-you-can-eat beef ribs (boy, did they smell good!) are available daily for $10.99. There's pulled pork and brisket, and fish and chips ($9.99 for a basket and $12.99 for a platter). A new item on the menu is cream of green chili soup ($6.99), described as heavy cream blended with mild green chiles and butter, then topped with croutons and cheese. I've got to try that next time. There's lots more on the menu, which you can find on line. I think I'll go find some more princes to kiss and see what pops up next.
4	Met up with a friend there for happy hour mid-week and really enjoyed ourselves.  Might have been the three bottles of tequila we broke the seal on! Strongly urge you to follow our lead on the Clase Azul, and the Jose Cuervo Reserva! Once it hits you lips....soooo good. Needless to say, we outlasted the happy hour.This is a great little bar in an area that needs something other than the older somewhat rundown versions in the area.  It is small, but it is remodeled in a very group-friendly manner. Only got to try the fried green chillies ( awesome) & the Mexican pizza ( (good happy hour munchie), but looking to return soon and sample the menu some more.If you are looking for a good bar in North Phx., you gotta check this place out.
2	We had went to the old Satified Frog frequently  and were excited. Ordered chicken and ribs. The chicken was not good at all. Dry overcooked yet still greasey. The ribs were tough and chewy. We had strawbwerry shortcake it was good. Its in a run down area, so was a little concerned at first. They have done a nice job with the resturant. It is nicer inside than the old one. The part that bothered me was the waitress that was doing everything, said oh yes the chicken is a little dry. Im sorry, but handed us a full check. No offer to replace with better food.
4	Read a recent newspaper review and decided to drop in and try it tonight.   Started with one of the margaritas and it was perfect - assuming you like strong margaritas that is.  After the deep fried green chilies (which were a bit dry) we tried three different entrees - baby back ribs, chili beer chili and the Quesadilla Loco.  Liked all of it, but the deep fried chilis.  The Chili Beer Chili is highly recommended.  We capped it all off with an amazing strawberry shortcake dessert that was like 10' tall! OMG huge... and pretty good, but if you;re looking for spongecake / shortcake, this ain't it - we thought it was cornbread.The waitress was a lot of fun (Molly) and service was good.
4	Love the burgers.  The blue cheese burger is my favorite.  Cooked medium to medium well.  The fries are excellent even though they come out of a bag.  Diet cokes are a good compliment with just the right syrup and fizz.  I tried the apple pie that is cooked in its own small skillet but it was still doughy and not cooked enough.The atmosphere is great and the staff is attentive.  I have been back 3 times.
5	The Frog is now under new ownership within the past month.I have been back twice within the last week for the "torpedo" burger.  It is awesome.  What is it?  I guess you will have to order one to find out.Tasty fresh cut french friesGood diet cokes with big wedges of lemonFast and friendly serviceDon't forget to have the "Chocolate Browing" thing.  Awesome!
3	Visited this establishment on a recent sunday. TV's were so loud we could barely hear the waiter asking questions of our choice of drinks and food orders. Waiter had to have us repeat stuff to him as he could could not hear us either! Okay.. It's a sports bar, it's supposed to be loud and the waiter is used to that. The biggest turnoff was not being able to have the desired food and dressings on our salads. If you're out of something, say so on your menu or something. Nothing turns me off on a place more than not having food in stock.FYI, I visited the establishment on 2 separate Sundays and told the same story about being "out" of beef ribs. Perhaps the menu needs to be revised accordingly..
3	Not much like the original (closed) one in Cave Creek, but very good bar tender and decent food.I would not, however, recommend the brisket. It was VERY dry and tough. The sauce is extremely sweet. The cowboy beans were good.Seems to be a nice place to grab a beer, but the bbq so far leaves much to be desired.
4	Stopped in today (Sunday afternoon)... this restaurant is located in between several furniture stores.I had never been to the original joint up in Cave Creek, so I have nothing to compare it to.My wife and I shared a loaded burger and a dozen medium wings.The food was "good"... nothing stellar as bar food goes. I did enjoy the draft micro brews they had to choose from.Service was good.And I definitely used the 15% Yelp discount!I will stop back again if I am the neighborhood.
4	Gave the "new" Satisfied Frog a try last night and I must say it was pretty dang good! The new owners worked at the old Frog for ages and brought that tradition to this new location. Give them a try.
4	Went there for dinner, a little wait but worth it. Waited at the bar and had a frozen Grasshopper yummmm. Mike had an ice cold Coors on draft. Who doesn't love ice cold beer.All the employees were friendly and quick. Most of the menu is from the "old" Frog in Cave Creek with the exception of a few new additions. We ordered the BBQ Platter and it was huge at $17.99 to include one side and a soup or salad. It has a selection of beef and pork ribs, brisket and pulled pork. I will have 3 meals from this. By-the-way, it taste great the next day :)   NOT dried out just add a sprinkle of water and cover it.We took advantage of the 15% off for mentioning yelp also you can find coupons for buy 1 get 1 free sandwich on the back of your Fry's grocery receipt. ENJOY!!!!!
4	A couple months ago I decided that I needed to break out of  my usual "tried and true" restaurant pattern, and try some places nearby that up until now I've ignored or avoided.When I first noticed this location on Bell Road, I must admit having no interest in visiting. After all,  I remember going to the original "Crazy Ed's Place" up on Deer Valley road, back in the day.  They had a band with a bubble machine and everything!  I also went to the old Satisfied Frog in Cave Creek on several occasions.  So this location, 3rd removed just didn't excite me.  THAT MADE THIS location a perfect one for me to try.  Armed with a restaurant.com certificate, we ventured forward.I visited with my husband and daughter for the first time last month.  You park behind the building, and walk in the back.  We were greeted by a friendly hostess/server, our name taken.  We waited about 20 minutes.  During that time, darts were played, and the time went quickly.  We sat in a big bench style booth. Our server was friendly, and immediately informed us they were out of brisket- bummer!  But we quickly recovered, and  ordered a combination of  items- ribs, burger, and fried chicken, with salad, cole slaw, fries, and mashed potatoes.  Everything was excellent.      --They grind their own meat for the burgers and cooked it accurately to order.    --The ribs had a nice balance of smoky flavor, and were seasoned well.      --They prepare their chicken in-house and it tasted home made    --The cole slaw was really good, and the salads fresh.    --The fries were addictiveThey have a good selection of beers, and they are priced lower than I expected.Our second visit included my other kids, and because we went on a Monday evening, there was no wait.  Service that night was very friendly and orders included:Reuben sandwich (tasty!)Brisket platter (yum!  good, smoky, tender-chewy balance just right)Chicken Fried Steak special (gravy kinda crazy looking but still good)Burgers (delish)Once again, everything was great.This is a solid 4 star restaurant, for its type of venue. While it may have many of the old Frog features and menu items, it felt like its own place, not a copy of someone else's.  I actually enjoyed my visits here more than I did my last visit to the old Frog in Cave Creek! If you haven't been, it's worth a visit.  WE WILL BE BACK, and will use my 15% Yelp discount when I go!Notes:  Sports were on the TVs both times.  Kids that came with me were 10 and teenagers, and aren't chicken nugget picky eaters.  It can get loud in there.
5	Got to say that Deb and Dave are putting out 200% effort to make this good. I went to the original Frog in Cave Creek since it opened in the 80s. They worked there for years and got it right when they opened this place.The drinks are well made (ask for the Bloody Frog), the BBQ terrific, the beans, fried chicken (WOW), everything has always been good when I've gone AND.. you've got to try the sandwiches. The Wild turkey sandwich with Jalapeno bacon, the torpedo, and patty melt. How does this place do everything right? They've got specials, great prices, salads, and great desserts.The old place was nice but this i might like even better cause it's smaller and more "neighborhoodie". They got tons of screens for sports and the people are super. It's a weekly stop for us and it's worth it. Great value too.DISCLAIMER - No, I don't work there but wish i did. Then maybe i could eat for free. THANKS for opening this place again.
5	Not exactly what I expected ..................I liked it. I was thinking some sprawling ranch house with wood floors and saw dust everywhere, maybe some old west artifacts on the walls and grumpy old waitresses. What I got was a cool little funky building, with cool interior and neat things on the walls. More of a sports bar atmosphere with a good sized dining area. Killer staff and great food. I had a burger, I believe flat grilled, cooked medium rare and I could tell it was good beef. They said they grind it themselves. The fries were great as they are a fresh cut type. The beans were different. They were a lighter vinegary type of bean with onion and bacon. I liked them but could not eat the whole pot that came out. It ended up being a little expensive. 9 for the burger and Fries, 2.50 for the drink and 1.50 for the beans. Tax and tip it was an 18 dollar lunch.
5	The pork ribs are fantastic.  Very fair price, super fair quantity.  The puylled pork sandwich was massive, and good.  The service was friendly and excellent.  We complimented our server and also let her manager know how much we appreciated her service and how great the food was.  The green chile appetizer is to be in heaven...try it.  Can't wait to go back and try the beer ribs.
4	Not too bad! Chili beer! Food is pricey though!
5	Been here a few times. Every time, awesome service! Small place, but that's ok. I like the feel.  Brought my parents here whom were visiting from out of state, they loved the staff and food. I left my phone there that night. They called my husband to tell him and I picked it up the next day. So glad I got that back! Not many bar/restaurants where you would get your phone back. Also I highly recomment the fried pablano pepper things, or are they chili's.... I don't know. But they are good! They are my fave! Try them!
4	I was so sad when I thought this old gem had closed down! Then so happy it had just moved.. and closer!I don't find this building as charming as the old location, but they did bring everything along that was there and set it up in a fun way. Service is ultra friendly. The place is clean and has nice high ceilings. There is a patio out front, parking in the back. It's a little difficult for me to rate the food, since there really are no Vegetarian options. They made me a grilled cheese upon request that was good. The entrees and smells here do seem really great. The food always looks quality. Yes, it is expensive, but I think the higher end cuts and reputation justify that in my opinion. They have happy hour with good specials and a cute sit up bar. Overall a couple of great experiences. Not my highest recommendation for Vegetarians at ALL, but I wouldn't really expect this to be a real veggie-like place. My husband absolutely loved both of his meals (steak and burger).
4	4 out of 5. overall, but 6/5 for the pulled pork sandwichService was excellentappetizers were awesome (they are really large portions!)best pulled pork sandwich i've ever had in my life hands down.minus half a star for:1) brisket was a little on the fatty side, could've been better2) beans were just okay...i felt they were a little under cooked for my taste so it didnt live up to my standards.minus another half star for:they actually didnt have ANY seafood items at all, and since we had vegetarians with us, they couldnt get any fish and chips nor could they get tuna melts. =/got a coupon off restaurant.com and checked out yelp before we visited.Ordered a bunch of stuff on the menu though and would definetely come back again! (hopefully they'll have fish this time)
1	What a disappointment. The service was super slow, and they were out of all of their ribs (pork and beef) and coleslaw. It was a Thursday night at 7pm! I also thought the food was way over priced. 7.99 for a BLT sandwich ? I ended up getting a house salad because they were out of what I wanted. Of the two cherry tomatoes I got, one was shriveled and gross. The three other people in my party got brisket and all said was very fatty and gross. One a positive....the beer was ice cold and the strawberry margaritas were good. Can't say I'll be back.
4	Thank you lttle frog! Finally a good eats place near Harkins 16 on Bell, never able to eat antwhere close before or after a flick.  On this occasian I did not want to see anything so I dropped the kids off and started yelping to find a place for a quick bite before picking them up.  It was Happy Hour and I ordered pulled pork sliders (comes with two) which were outstanding and served with their ridiculously addicting fries.  I left full and very satisfied, no pun intended!  Two not so good points:  I waited more than a few minutes before I was told "sit wherever you like".  After this the service was prompt and server was very pleasant.  The other thing - in  weather higher than 100 degrees, going inside should be a relief, it was a little warm inside and very few customers.  What happens when the place gets hopping ( no pun thing again)?  I will definately be back with the low carb hubby soon!
5	Me and my husband just moved from Seattle moved on Bell rd. Kept seeing this restaurant ... Pulled it up on Yelp and decided to try it.... I ordered the Carolina Ribs, he worded the fried chicken, also had the fried Zucchini ..... By far the Best BBQ I have tasted in a Long time.... The fried chicken is off the hook.. Portion sizes were great huge.... MY HUSBAND AND I ARE NOW GOING TO BE REGULARS...... WE WERE DEFINITELY SATISFIED! !!
5	Went there because of the yelp check-in offer of a free appetizer and left with a paralyzing walk from the enormous stuffed cheeseburger and delicious fries.  The spinach con queso was dangerously gooooood!  Seriously, go there now...
4	Great food.  Waiter let us use 2 yelp check-in coupons for 2 free apps!  Had the "The Big Cheese" burger special with oozing cheese in the middle of the burger.  Yeah, you heard me.  They also ground their own hamburger meat.  Really good!
5	Loved the place I had the fried chicken and it was oh so good!!! I also liked how they served the beer in little jars. Me and wife my moved here from Seattle and were looking for a nice little hang out and I think we found it! Definitely give it 5 *****(stars)
4	After reading all the reviews, I decided to try this place out. I was surprised that the place was so small, but cozy. I went for lunch, but can see parking could be an issue on busy nights. The food: For lunch, my friend and I split the whole fried chicken dinner which included a salad and a side. The waitress let us order 2 sides instead of the salad- great idea! We both ordered the home cut fries. Our chicken came out piping hot. I took a bite and immediately my mind went back to my childhood. THE FRIED CHICKEN IS JUST LIKE MY GRANDMA'S ..... YUMMY! and the fries were delicious as well. They were seasoned just right. I will be sure to return and try some of the other foods on the menu...they all looked so good!PS- the appetizers weren't on the menu, but listed on a laiminated sheet tucked into the condiment holder!
4	Great food and Good service. Our first time.. told her it was our first time. Would have loved some recommendations. That's okay I read the reviews before I came. Food was very good, mashed potatoes have a different but great flavor. This is a good solid place to eat, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here.
1	After reading the reviews I decided to travel from Casa Grande to eat at The Satisfied Frog.  I am a BIG-TIME lover of beef ribs, and they are hard to find in the valley.  My wife and I went to a movie in Ahwatukee, and before we left, I called ahead to make sure they had ribs and to let them know we were coming.All I can say is, this was the very worst dining experience of my life.  I am 72 years old, and eat out probably 70 times a year.  I have lived around the world, and in many states.  Before I retired, I traveled in my business, so I have sampled food from all over the US and the world.   Nothing was as bad as this.  The main reason for this was that they lost electrical power (they knew this when I called) and there was no air conditioning.  When I arrived none of the TVs were working, but the lights were on.  The first inkling I had that there was an electrical problem was went I went to the rest room, and there were no lights.  We were the first of the dinner crowd to arrive and it didn't appear uncomfortable at first, and we were not told about the power problem until after I ordered.As the evening wore on, I became more uncomfortable and soon was a ball of sweat.  My wife made the comment that she had never seen me in such distress.  I went out to my car to cool down part way thru the meal, but that was of little help once I walked back into the restaurant.  I tried to stay hydrated, but I was sweating so profusely that we could not finish our meal and had to leave.  I spent the next day recovering.  I sent the proprietors an email 5 days ago, but have received no response.  It seems they don't care.Now to the food.  My wife ordered the pulled pork platter, and that was not bad.  We ate it at home the next evening.  The potatoes were good as was the cole slaw.  The beef ribs were however, terrible.  There was no meat on them, only fat, and they were overcooked.  It really didn't matter, because when they were served, I was in so much agony that food wasn't at the top of my list of priorities.I big thumbs down from me.  Terrible Environment, Terrible Follow-Up, and Really Bad Ribs.
5	i needed my BBQ fix so.. to the Frog it was. The drinks continue to be made well, the service great and the BBQ (OK, and a bite of my friend's sandwich) was the best. I love the sauce, the beans are always great as was the taters and gravy. I do love going back to this place as it's not a chain, owners that care, a staff that's into serving people and with enough TVs to watch any game and relax in a smaller setting. Could become a regular.  :-)
3	Could have been 4 stars... I went here for the first time last Friday. It was busy, but they don't have that many tables and there were at least 4 waitresses on that I could see. Our services was sooooooo slllllllow. Like painfully slow. We waited a long time for refills, a long time for our food, a long time for the check to come. It was really annoying. Our waitress was nice, but slow. Onto the food! We got an order of wings and an order of the fried zucchini. The zucchini was really good but holy hell she should have warned us that it had JUST came out of the fryer that may have been heated by lava. I popped one of those bad boys in my mouth and immediately felt the skin on the roof of my mouth start to come off. Once the burning subsided I was good to go. I hear the wings were tasty, They were really big (I just don't eat wings) I ordered the fish and chips. So yummy! Our friend got the grilled chicken sandwich with a side of grilled asparagus. LOVE that they offer grilled veggies as a side! I snuck a couple asparagus and they were tasty. Hubs got the ribs, it was a huge pile of meat on a plate. He loved it! I will for sure go back, the food was really great, I will just know not to expect quick service.
5	Forget Chili's, forget the others... it could be the beer, but I believe this is the best BBQ I've ever had in my life. I can't believe this place has been here for a year and a half and nobody told me about it. The service is great, the salad is better than most, and the BBQ... Oh, the BBQ. They also have an old school arcade game. Burgertime anyone ?. Tons of fun. Hands down, try this place at least twice.Oh yeah, Moose Drool on tap!!And a patio where you can enjoy your drink while doing the tobacco thing.
5	Took my wife for lunch today and ordered the "Phoenix" maaaaan!! Best sammich I had ever!!!! Don't sleep on the satisfied frog! Food is the best and beer is cold. If u ever in Phoenix u have got to come here u will nit be disappointed!!! My wife had the "wrinkle filler" oh my God she had to bring sum home! I'm giving this place 5 stars because its just a great place wit great food...
5	Blue moon @ happy hour is $2.50. Sold!!! Funny, that coming from a woman who drinks wine alot and is not a true beer lover, but I do love me some blue moon. When I found how cheap it was on happy hour as well as looking over the menu I was sold. Well I must credit the boyfriend as he was the one that said, I want to go there. So off we went. It is a cute little place and I must say I was a little concerned when I pulled up because there were no cars in the parking lot. Hmmm not a good sign I thought. When we walked in, there were a few tables occupied and I was like eh, who cares, we came for the food. Our fabulous and friendly waitress (who's name I cannot remember) :( came over to greet us and take our order. Again I was bouncing off the walls because of the blue moon happy hour special. I mean anywhere else and it is $5 a glass unless you find a rare place that also has it on happy hour. They came served in small mason jar and the BF was like hmmm what the? I can't hold this, its too dainty for me. I swear lol. So on to the food. I ordered the stuffed burger that was essentially two big ass patties stuffed with peppers, mushrooms and bacon. Just greedy!!! BF order the bbq platter that came with brisket, pulled pork, baby back ribs and beef ribs. Good lord that was alot of food. I am still amazed that I ate my burger as you really can't take it home to eat it as leftovers and there was no way I was leaving any. BF on the other hand ate all the pulled pork and brisket but couldn't eat any more as the portion was huge so needless to say, I have ribs to eat for dinner later. Score for me. Oh and kicker to this, I happened to check in on YELP and ding, ding, ding, we ended up getting a free dessert! I truly had no room for it and yes I should have saved it but alas we got the strawberry shortcake to top off our gluttony for the night and it was delicious as well. So if you happen to be in North Phx, check out this place. It is cute and small, the waitresses are great, the portions are big. Win-win in my book.
4	Been here twice and had a great experience both times. Good wings, a decent heat from the hot sauce and a decent bottle of hot sauce on the table, TY Tabasco is not the only fruit:) The appetizers are large, sharing big plate with kid wasn't an issue and realistically your kid needs a big appetite to get through the normal offering.Entrees are also hearty and probably not the place to attempt their ribs or chicken before any exercise ( plan your dates accordingly ) I just can't get a 5 when the  famously advertised chili beer isn't being made , and the blue moon had ran out.  Bar's selling out of beer when there's not a celtic family reunions just shouldn't happen.Will return a few more times and I'm betting I can get them up to a 5
5	Tried The Satisfied Frog for the first time, based on previous Yelp posts.  It really lives up to its fine reputation.  We had super, friendly service provided by Barb.  We enjoyed the clean, casual atmosphere and all the sports broadcasts.  The pulled pork sandwiches were delicious, very tender and covered with tasty sauce.  The Satisfied Frog really knows french fries!  The cole slaw is plentiful and very good.  We also tried the fried zucchini, an instant hit! For sure we will be back.
4	FRIED CHICKEN FRIED CHICKEN FRIED CHICKEN FRIED CHICKEN FRIED CHICKEN FRIED CHICKEN FRIED CHICKEN FRIED CHICKEN FRIED CHICKEN.....SO,  what's good? I'm guessing the fried chicken.Crispy skin, juicy on the inside, perfect spices. My mom would have to try hard to keep up here...sorry mom, but it's really good!The pork baby back ribs were excellent too. I wasn't fired up about any of the sides except the fresh veggies and you can get a double side of them.I wanna go there right now!
5	Mosse drool is 2.50 on Tap as well at Happy Hour.. Benn here now 4 times.. Everytime It gets better.. The St. Lois Ribs were absolutely Fantastic! The fried Chicken is Bohemoth..The sandwiches can be shared by two easily.. Get the Fried Zuccinni..Its the best example of this in Town..  Get Some!!
5	BEST burger I've had in a LONG time!!! Great service but still laid back and the NFL ticket. Can't say enough how amazing the food it though!
5	Delicious!!! Fried Chicken was a 10. Pulled pork was delicious and the kids hot dog was a thumbs up according to my 5 year old and my 10 year old said his fish and chips was awesome. Great service too from Gloria.
5	Just had the El Diablo stuffed burger. Wow, is about all I can say. It was awesome...
5	First of all, every staff member we met were so kind and welcoming. It felt very homey, like a nice neighborhood joint.Second, $2.50 PREMIUM drafts during happy hour (which goes until 7PM...bonus!) They've got Four Peaks, Blue Moon, Moose Drool and a few others on draft. They also have a chili beer in a bottle I'm going to try next time.Third, fried chicken is the bomb and portions are very big! I only got the half chicken and had two pieces to bring home for tomorrow=)Other pros: good gravy on the mashed potatoes (like biscuits and gravy gravy), beans were good, each entree comes with a salad and a side (which run @ $14 bucks!), and if you "check-in" on yelp you get a free dessert on each visit (at least for now anyway). We left stuffed and with two beers for @ $33 bucks... SOLD!!!Cons: the pork brisket tasted good but was kind of fatty...won't keep us from going back though! They were out of beef ribs when we went.
5	Loved the BBQ aroma & menu. The steak, brisket sandwich & "death by chocolate" dessert were equally great! Service was awesome, too. This was our first trip, but won't be our last. It's a nice place, with a non-chain atmosphere. It was nice to have sports on TV, but not the overwhelming, ear-piercing noise that makes a conversation difficult.
5	Monster Tacos for a BUCK! Taco Tuesday at The Satisfied Frog on Bell. Just had 3 and will be back every Tuesday!
5	Great fried chicken and excellent service.  I give it 5 stars!!!
3	Food is decent and they do have a nice Happy Hour. Parking is a huge pain and it's in a sketchy neighborhood.
2	Not impressed. Beer was cold, but bar keep was disinterested in assisting us, atmosphere was drab, place was small, and the to go order was TERRIBLE! There was no BBQ the day we were there and I just wasn't feeling the place. My hubby and I have been missing this place since it closed its original restaurant in Cave Creek. We heard it moved to Phoenix and we found it and went there this past week. Unfortunately, it was nothing like the old, hopping, smell good, smokey, fun filled environment of the original SF. I can see that they have a lot of regulars and the barkeep knew everyone that walked through the door, which to me,  was very cool, but it just wasn't gelling for me this night I suppose. We ordered the deep Fried green chili's and there was soooo much batter  on them, I had to really concentrate hard to find the chili. I ended up peeling all of the batter off of the chili's just to get a small bite. icky. I would give this another chance just because I hate writing a bad review. So, after the holidays, may check it out on a Friday night and see where it stands then, Also, I will hope that when I arrive next time, the smoker out back is kicking and there is some REAL BBQ to be had.
4	They took the chicken wings off of the menu but you can still get a huge portion of their delicious fried chicken for $10 with fries.  Last time I was there I had the fish and chips.  Good portion and perfectly cooked.They also offer at least 4 AZ brewed beers on tap.  Great to see.Support this AZ establishment.Heads up - they often offer discounts on restaurant.com which are also good for booze.
5	BBQ beef ribs, fried chicken, brisquit, pulled pork, baked beans, amazing service, chili beer...ALL AMAZING!
5	Had the prime rib last night on new years eve. AMAZING!
4	What amazingly delicious food! Everything - ribs, chicken, cole slaw, beans, mashed potatoes - is full of flavor and served by pleasant waitstaff. Only reason for not rating it 5* is the dive-y ambiance.
4	Parking is a concern and I've never entered a restaurant from the back.  With that a side the people there are great.  The staff was very friendly and pleasant.  The food was great.  We got a whole chicken, filet special and ribs.  No one left the table hunger and there was still plenty of food left.
5	This is one of those hole in the wall places you could quickly become addicted to going to. We had their Tijuana Torpedo hamburger special and their yummy Strawberry Shortcake. We will definitely be back.
4	Surprisingly good. Fried Zucchini had a nice batter that stayed crispy to the last zucchini chip. We shared the the Pulled Pork and Pork Ribs which were both succulent and flavorful. The hand cut fries were also crispy and not too soggy, which is a common case for hand cut fries. We'll be back when we're in the mood for some good ol' American food.
4	Happy hour prices = AMAZING.  I can't find $2.50 blue moon anywhere!  The food smelled delicious (but I can't comment anymore on it since I did not eat anything) but the happy hour prices were fantastic (includes both food and drinks) and it doesn't get too crowded.  Small eating area and even smaller parking lot.  You'll have some trouble finding parking but there are shopping centers on either side so you may just need to walk a bit.  PLUS - when you check in on Yelp, you'll get a free dessert!
5	Went to a wedding here once. Awesome BBQ, cold beer and great music. This turned out to be an excellent location for a big reception. The outside patio is enormous! Prices aren't too bad either.
4	I've been going here for years. (since they opened) And have never had a bad experience with the food. Never crowded. Great staff. Awsome little watering hole. I definitely recommend this place. Good beer selection. Always a game on.
3	I am pregnant with a craving for ribs. I specifically searched "ribs" on yelp and found some great reviews for this place. We headed over on a Monday night around 7pm. We had excellent service, everyone working there was very friendly, but they were OUT of ribs. I tried pulled pork sandwich, but it just wasn't the same. If you have your heart set on ribs, call ahead to make sure they have ribs.
3	Huge portions of delicious pulled pork, perfect coleslaw, ice cold drinks, plenty of TVs, and friendly staff make this a fun place you should try!  Ohhhh yeah, be sure to use the Yelp check in deal for a free desert!  We went with the Death by Chocolate!  It is built for two and ohhh so delicious! However, I am only going with three stars due to limited BBQ meat selection compared to the others in town, limited cramped parking, and dirty paper menus.
3	I have been passing by this place forever and finally had the time to go check it out. Well it was a compromise..husband "let's go out to eat so I can catch the last period of the hockey game." Wife Ok but not another dingy sports bar." Voila-The Satisfied Frog." The front parking area was full so we drove around to the back. I was a little sceptical at first and did not have a good impression with the ashtray right next to the door; at least it was void of those sucking in fumes to satisfy their oral fixations; seems every sports bar has this. As we emerged onto a hallway containing the wash rooms and kitchen we spilled out onto a vast bright open space; clean cheerful and there were families and women! I was pleasantly surprised. We were greeted with "hello" from all of the staff as  I stood there looking around gasping at what I was not expecting! A lot of the sports bars I go to are dingy and filled with questionable left overs from another decade, but not here. There were TV's of all sizes purposely situated so that no matter where you sat you were going to watch the game. The look was concrete meets rustic; chairs were thick cuts of logs and interestingly the rugged highly polished wooden tables surrounding the booths and the bar were at different heights. The lower "family tables" had  red-and-white checker table cloths (there is a name for them..now where is Martha Stewart when you need her). And of course there were tons of frog figurines, decoratively placed. Our server (who did not give us her name-what is up with that?) was cheerful and friendly. So as my husband went into hockey-zombie mode I took a peek at the one page menu; typical bar food,fried green chillies, quesadilla, spinach con queso and deep fried zucchini-all of that is out for someone one like me with a gluten intolerance issue.  The lunch and dinner menu is much the same with the average North American foods but with a wood smoker so it makes hamburgers, chicken and pork taste better than most bars. They also have a kids menu, oh and fish chips. They also have specials, and today that was prime rib.  Not wanting to chance anything I went for the Prime rib and two sides; potatoes and pork beans because they were home made and my husband had the pulled pork fries and beans. As I waited for my food I snapped a couple of shots because this truly is a "Women approved Men's Den." Ok so not one guy was paying attention to their family or significant other, but everyone seemed to be ok with that-including me I was happy with my Ipad checking out their website.Our food arrived in a timely manner and it looked so good. Here is the best part-it was bloody good! Brilliant! It was like a food-orgasm! Ok not a romantic dinner food orgasm but rather a pleasant late afternoon OMG! You have to understand that with the travelling I do I have yet to walk into a pub or bar and enjoy the food (hence the little reviews!) The Prime rib was cooked to my specifications- a true medium rare and not coated in sauce or spices-perfect! The beans were exceptional and really tasted home made. They were in a light yet slightly spicy sauce with an almost mesquite flavour and the potatoes were perfect. I tried a little of the pulled pork and it was quite succulent it really did not need the extra barbecue sauce. I have never in my years with my husband see him eat almost the entire meal. I was so intrigued with our dinner that I just had to ask; do they really home cook everything here? Our server said they start early in the morning and cook everything. Ok to me as a Nutritionist that means opening up frozen bags of food and "cooking them"...nope everything is from scratch! Music to a Nutritionist's ears! Well it looks like we have a new hangout for when cable just doesn't cover the game and I don't have to walk in wearing dark sunglasses and something from the 80's to fit in! The original  "Original Crazy Ed's Satisfied Frog" is in Cave Creek, and maybe I will have to venture up there and check it out. Deb and Dave are the owners of the Bell Road version once the cooks's for the Cave Creek location. You can sign up for text and email specials on their website...ok I am not going that far. You can also purchase their hot sauce and get a free T-shirt if you are really into this place. Ok a total thumbs up I have rated this A OK and for some it might be "FAN" but I do not become a FAN of most places! SO consider my "A OK" above average from a female perspective, a foodie and a nutritionist. and I must admit that I am with the frogs.... satisfied beyond belief!
5	I was pleasantly surprised! The atmosphere was nice, the help was kind and attentive and the food was delicious. I highly recommend the fish and chips and the strawberry shortcake for desert.
5	I went here a few times while waiting for my car to get fixed. The food is pretty tasty, and the stuffed burger was on point. It was really clean, and with all the TVs you wont miss any game that is on.
3	Got the special of the day. Hamburger stuffed with a green chili and cheese.It was just....OK.The meat was tasteless, all I tasted was the char grill marks. Good, but not what I expect from a great burger.Fries were good and fresh.Service was excellent and looked clean.I'd go back if I am in the neighborhood.
5	Checked this place out the other night, and I must say I was impressed. Their happy hour was ridiculously cheap. I got the pork sliders and they were definitely a meal on their own. They had those packed with so much meat I was stuffed after one (but that didn't stop me from eating the other and the chili fries)!Cool atmosphere, friendly staff, good prices and food.
3	Ventured to the Satisfied Frog on Bell on a Friday afternoon to start the weekend off right with some Happy Hour drinks.  Loved the fact that Blue Moon (my new fav) was on special for $2.50!  After some drinks the table shared some appetizers including the deep fried chilis and pulled pork sliders.  Both were quite tasty, but the standout for me was the fries that came with the pulled pork sliders... oh boy were they good!  The pulled pork was flavorful, but not too messy.  The chilis were good, but maybe too much chili for me.  After a few more drinks we ordered a sandwich to share, the Philly sandwich.  The bread was buttery and the meat/cheese was on point.All in all, a good meal at the Satisfied Frog.  I loved the cool laid back vibe and the fact it wasn't crowded.  They have a ton of TVs for your game viewing pleasure.  Since this spot is somewhat close to my house I am sure we'll be back!
4	Went here 2 or 3 weeks ago. Had been meaning to go for a while and this time we did. Fried chicken was amazing! Would definitely go back. Reasonable prices and  great food. Waitress was very nice as well. Looking forward to coming again!
3	This place is just OK... Not terrible and not great. The food is good but you will not find anything on the menu that is heavy and greasy. It would be nice to have something crisp and light when it is 105 degrees outside. Also the atmosphere is pretty good... It is really more a BBQ place than a bar.
5	The best chicken fried steak and mashers I have found in town. Friendly service that makes you feel at home. I must recommend the fried chicken as-well.
3	Disappointed in pulled pork sandwich - tender but tasteless. Asparagus was cooked perfectly. Beer was cold - we will be back...
5	We ate there last night and it was so delicious, fresh and hot! My companion had a hamburger  with cooked green chilies, pepper jack and the works.   It was on one of the Fudrucker like buns. Smooth, dome like and perfect to melt in your mouth. He was break dancing eating it. I ordered their excellent fried chicken I am sure Chef Ramsey would like! I picked homemade mashed potatoes and beans which were excellent.It is a great very reasonably priced rustic down home place. They have a million TV's going and last night I watched 2 football games, poker, Nascar and something else, I forget. If you have been dragging your feet like I have to pop in, don't delay. They are on the fringes of closing after a rough summer.  I would hate to see this wonderful landmark of Arizona with their fun signs, log-ular furniture, great food and love filled great customer service, fade away. The owners of the Bell location are the original chef and waitress of the Original Satisfied Frog founded in Cave Creek. They put it on the map up there.
5	Awesome service! Amazing fried chicken and mashed with gravy! You won't leave hungry! Good thing I don't live here because I would be a regular!
