1	I WARN YOU...NEVER GO THERE. I figured Id  get a clean up on my eyebrows before my wedding. I went in there and told the lady not to change my thickness or shape, just to clean up the loose hairs. I went in with Kim Kardashian eyebrows and came out with LITTLE SLIVERS of eyebrows like rosie parez!!!!! she didnt even get the few stray hairs I mentioned, and waxed off half my eyebrow on one side! I didnt notice when I was in there because she used a eyebrow pencil to cover up her mistake, BUT she got crazy with the scissors and my eyebrows look like stubble in some areas. STAY AWAY STAY AWAY STAY AWAY. This woman butchered my eyebrows! I dont know if she even has a beauty licence because NO ONE would mess up their reputation by doing this to me! STAY AWAY!
4	i was looking for a new nail place to get my fill done... I saw this place a few days ago... i did a walk-in this am.. the wait was sort and the girl doin my nails did a great jobs.... i had a few nails that had been previously messed up by last nail tech... Carolina did a great job fixing them... i would go back again... she told me for a walk-in... thursday was best.. thank u...
5	Had an appointment at a salon called hair expressions on Craig road and the woman that was to do my hair never showed. After waiting for almost an hour I asked if someone else could help me. NOPE, the girl told me I should try calling HER?  Got in my car drove 2 minutes, saw the sign for Autumn. Went in got my hair done by a great lady Annette.  Going back soon.Who could say no to the deal they have. Shampoo, cut, style, mani, pedi, AND a facial for what .... 100.00?
5	To the woman who gave us a horrible review I also work at the salon and I would like to apologize for Allan's actions. We are very professional and we appreciate our customers and value their business. Please remember he is not the only one who works here and we would appreciate your business. My name is Annette I am a cosmetologist and I do everything in the salon except eyelashes our phone #702-636-9003 if any questions or would like to make an appointment. Thank you for your business
1	First and Last time there. I went to get a haircut with Annette because everyone here in Yelp recommended her and ask if i could get some bangs. I showed her a picture of the bangs that I wanted... I told her I wanted my bangs to be longer than my eyebrow just above my eyes, she cut it so short i cannot do anything with them... I am so upset !! I had recently gone with another hairstylist who screwed my hair now they screwed my bangs!! I now gotta find another place so they can "Fix" my hair .. If its even possible. Wouldn't recommend that place.
5	Yesenia G. I fixed your haircut that was butchered by the previous stylist and told you let your hair grow out more before you have bangs you were insistent and I did exactly what you asked for. Picky Picky Picky said you love it and now your bashing on my bangs give me a break.
