1	1) The staff at Banfield gets a commission every time they upsell. 2) My dog ended up at the ER in the middle of the night for what turned out to be a 3 day stay. The ER vet wanted a copy of her recent x-ray for comparison. Banfield would not send it. I had to drive to them and pay $40 for a copy of an x-ray I already paid approx. $200 for. 3) If Banfield needs an extra vet tech to help hold your dog for a fecal, vaccines or whatever, they charge you extra. Isn't that their job? 4) If you have the OWP and your pet DIES, you have to keep paying for the rest of the year or reimburse them for "the accrued savings". Find an independent vet. Run from Banfield. Run fast.
1	OK, my dog is 10.  I love him.  He is the greatest.I rescued him from a shelter when he was 1, and he was already neutered with all of his shots, so I never really took him to the vet.Recently, he had been rubbing his ear on the carpet, and my daughter was convinced that he had an ear infection.  So, after much prodding and pleading from her, I made an appointment at Banfield.We arrived for the appointment and I already wanted to leave.  I kept telling my daughter, we could just go, they don't even know we're here yet.After a while, we were ushered into a small exam room and one of the assistants came in to look at my dog.  She filled out her forms and said that the actual vet would be with us soon.  Oh, and she tried to give my dog some treats (keep in mind that my dog will eat literally anything except maybe green beans) which he refused.  Weird, right?So, in comes the vet.  She checks out my dog a little bit more completely, fills out her forms, and here is when the act starts.  Assistant -  "So, which plan do you think they need?  Do they need the $60 plan, or do you think they could get away with the $50 plan?"  Wait, what?So, after some banter back and forth, they leave, and then just the assistant returns.  She is going to tell us about our bill for today.$480.Wait, wha-wha-what?  You did an exam?  You haven't actually DONE anything!Assistant -  "Well, you see, your bill today would normally come to over $600, but if you sign up for the plan today, it will only be $480."Me - "Oh sure, here's $500, thanks for saving me so much!"jkMe - "So, what if I don't want the plan?"Assistant - "Well, then you can just pay the annual price and pay the $600 today."My daughter - "What if we don't want any plan at all?"Assistant (shocked that anyone would not want this plan, I mean, here she argued with the vet to get us the cheaper plan, and how dare we offend her by not taking advantage of this clearly money-saving deal. - "Well, that would be $40 for the office visit."Me - "And what if I just want you to check his ears for an ear infection?"Assistant - "$80."Me - "OK, let's just do that."After waiting about 20 seconds for them to analyze the swab (not sure why that just cost $80) they told us that our dog has, "A normal amount of bacteria".  They couldn't say, he does not have an ear infection, it has to be something weird.And of course, since my dog has a "normal amount of bacteria" he needs this $30 cleaning solution (which he freaking HATES btw) to be put in his ears twice a day.And, for what?  Do decrease the amount of "normal" bacteria.Anyway, I think you get the point.This place is a TOTAL scam.  Do yourself a favor and go to a real vet.
4	A little weary about the low rating considering we had a great first visit. Our pup had been rubbing his eye raw this season and we took him in to find it was just allergies. Our vet, Dr. Hannigan was great. She was friendly, informative and treated my dog like I want him to be treated. We go back in 2 weeks for a follow up so we will see how that goes.
5	Can't say enough about the compassion we were given with our 17 year old cat after she suffered a stroke.  They gave us all of the options, helped us get her comfortable and when it was evident that her quality of life would continue to declined gave us privacy to say goodbye and as much time as we needed.
