1	I guess you could say I have been here 1.5 times.  This is the closest walk in clinic to my work place so I have ventured here out of convenience.  The first time was last summer and I just felt ill all over.  After a total of 3 hours here they did not know what was wrong with me but were going to treat me like I had strep throat. Three hours is not too long to wait if the lobby had been full but there were only about 3 others waiting with me and what seemed like an army of employees.  I was in the actual exam room for what seemed like 2.5 hours.  They were "kind" enough to give me a blanket which looked like someone had vomited all over it and then it dried to a crusty finish.  The nurses kept coming in and checking on me; taking blood pressure  and temperature and demanded I take a pregnancy test.  I told them it was highly unlikely I was preggers (since I was not getting any but I felt they did not need to know all my extra cirricular activities or lack there of so I obliged them).  Finally they wrote me a prescription and I was on my way.   They never gave me the results of my pregnancy test but I was able to figure it out! So, feeling ill and desperate I decided to give it one more chance yesterday but found myself disgusted as soon as I walked in.  There was a sign that read:  Due to technical difficulties we can not accept credit or debit cards.  Only cash or checks.  Well, I forgot my check book (since it's not 1987)  and don't carry cash so I asked the receptionist if I could put my name down and then run to the ATM about 2 blocks away.  She was at a loss for words but then basically told me no.  There were 8 people ahead of me!  I doubt they would get to the other 8 in the ten minutes it would take for me to go to the ATM.Upset and ill I remembered another clinic that I have been told is nice and I was on my way.
1	I would give it zero stars if I could. Everything about this place is beyond awful. From the minute I walked into a sub below zero, freezing clinic (Hey you do know people are sick right?) to the doctor who wanted me to tell him what medicine I wanted and diagnose myself, the experience was the worse ever. In fact all of these clinics are terrible. I only go because my insurance contracts with them. I try to avoid going to Urgent Care unless I am dying. The one on Dunlap has a tad better service if you must go. If you can go to another brand of clinics, please do. If you must go to Advanced- "STAY AWAY" from this one or the one in Maryvale.
3	Not the prettiest place, but I got what I needed for a reasonable price.  The staff was professional and reasonably nice, but do expect a wait.  If they have more than one provider, then the it the wait will be significantly shorter.  My 7 person wait with 2 providers took about 1 hour.   Once you are in an exam room, service was quick and efficient.  I recommend looking at the wait room before signing your life away and determine if it is worth staying.  If there are 10 people with 1 doctor, try another Urgent Care, there's a billion in the valley.  If you looking to be impressed with aesthetics and over the top health care service, look else where and expect to pay more.  If you've got a simple cut or strep throat and willing to wait, stop by, get cured and be out.
1	Came back after two weeks because I still was sick.  The registration staff was still just as nice and helpful.    Although there was no line, I saw the doctor for approximately 90 seconds.  He said you're back; I told him what was going wrong and he told me his plan and left.    I doubt my co pay and health insurance appreciated such a pathetic effort.  I won't be coming back, there are other places where I'll be seen and treated for a bit longer.
5	I had a major sore throat and had no idea this dumb state has strep season, so I walked across the street from my hotel and got checked at out about 9am or so on a weekday morning. It was $80 basically to see the doctor and only $27 to get my strep test which took 6 minutes only to determine I had a bad case of strep. The front desk was very professional, the paperwork was minimal (no insurance), blood pressure taken and Larry was cracking some jokes in the process, probably the same ones for years..lol, but new to me. Got a prescription for pills which only cost $4 luckily and paid and went on my way. Great place. Must be alot of Kenyans living in that area also because one lady literally looked like she just came out of the bush with her 3 kids. Anyway, reasonable and nice people and the card you get is good for all 6 locations ($5 off next time).
1	if I could give this place -10 i would...here is the deal... we live not far from here, so me first, went a few years ago, so this isn't want this is about.husband went about a year ago.  he injured himself.  gave him an Rx for advil and was sent on his way.  (Turns out, he actually had a torn muscle, and needed extensive PT and was in so much pain, etc...)This morning is when it all comes to a head...  my daughter had this "pimple' on her chin that felt like someone punched her in the jaw she said.  So i looked at it, thought it might be an ingrown hair so i did 'surgery' on it... for lack of a better phrase.  used tweezers, a sanitized stick pin and got the 'ingrown hair" out (although did not find a hair)...  So my daughter wakes up this morning, her whole chin is swollen.  She is a Navy Veteran, served in war and everything.  She is NOT a complainer.   The doc came in and didn't even look at her for more than 2 minutes.  It was a female doc and didn't introduce herself.  Did not put gloves on and examine it, just basically looked at her, and gave her an Rx for antibiotics told her to not squeeze it and said that if it wasn't better in a couple of days to go to the E.R..  Say whaa??  as the day goes on, my daughters face becomes more and more swollen.  More and more red, just doesn't look right....   i said, "honey, I need to look at that"  i barely put any pressure on that, and a bunch of green puss (yes tmi) comes out.  it did not take much pressure for me to get a bunch of infection out.   i contacted a friend who is a PAC...  She said I did the right thing and that daughter needs to see a doc soon and keep taking the antibitoics.  So that is what we are doing, she is making an appointment at the VA and will continue to take the antibiotics as prescribed.This actually looks like some sort of bite!  i am outraged at this place for not inspecting this further!  This young woman is NOT a complainer, and deserved an exam.  i mean I just barely touched it and stuff came oozing out!  wtf is that?  shouldn't the DOCTOR have done that?  so after my experience, my husbands experience, and no my daughters experience...  we will drive further to get quality care!  STAY AWAY FROM HERE!  Scottsdale Osborn is not too much further, and there is another urgent care up the street about 52nd st and Thomas Rd.  please, do not waste your time and money.
3	Took 2 co-workers here separate times because they were hurt on the job.  If you have insurance, great, they'll take it.  If you don't, they'll try to offer and provide you with their own insurance plan so you don't have to pay a lot every time you come in a see them.  Which I think it's a great idea, saving few bucks every time.Sometimes the wait is long, and sometimes is short.  Depends on what day of the week you are here.  They open 7 days a week, so as long as you need them during their normal business hours, they'll be able to see you.  They have a lot of different clinic locations through out Metro Phoenix area so anywhere you see them, they will be able to access your medical histories through their computers.
4	Not a beautiful facility, but staff was excellent. Rebecca, the PA, had to deliver very disappointing news to me about a broken foot. She was empathetic about this, answered all my questions and presented the situation very thoroughly. I appreciated it. I did have to wait about an hour when I went to the urgent care on a weekday around 10 AM. Not sure if that is typical or not.
1	Came here for a drug screen for a new job. Tried to call for 2 days to set up a time to come in. Time is money. Every time I tried to call the number listed the call would ring and then just disconnect. So due to the fact there is a time expiration on the drug screen. Came in to get it done. Show up, find out there is over an hour wait just to pee in a cup. Ask if there is any way I can just go because this whole procedure is going to take less the a minute to do. Ask to speak to a manager. David. Who is extremely rude and proceeds to tells I can either wait or leave. I explain I have been trying to call the location to set up a time were he basically tells me that there is nothing wrong with the phones he has been talking on them all day. But I have been here over 30 minutes now and have not heard the phone ring once. Overall the place is dirty. The wait is ridiculous especially for a basic drug screen and the staff is extremely rude. I highly suggest never ever coming here. I know I will never be back. Ever.
1	How bad does this place suck, let me count the ways...1 read my first review...2. via this update they shipped my test to the wrong lab...3. So basically they lost it, and considering its been 5 days, I am sure the specimen is probably no good by now...4. I had to go take another test...at a different testing facility because of it, thank 6lb baby Jesus is was somewhere else and not here. This place is a joke!!!! Oh...and I will be calling/emailing per the business manager response. DO NOT GO.
