5	In the world if smaller area pools, this is as good as it gets. It's not your tropical oasis nor your Greek/Roman mythological pool. What it is, it's a pool with two water falls & a shark tank right in the middle. Not a single person that visits this pool doesn't swim up to the tank and take a look inside at the sharks & big fish inside. A cool water slide that makes a few turns then through the tank it's self, it's fun. Kids & adults form a line to experience this slide. A lot of first come first serve pool chairs available, along with cabanas & lounge reserved sitting ( at a price). Full bars, drink & food service, black jack tables, & pool side messages are also available. One jacuzzi that fits about 10 to 15 with fire pits around.      I almost forgot the hideout pool. This 16 & over pool is even more relaxing. You pay a few bucks for this one but its worth it. With its own long bar & TV's. The bars stay open late & so do the black jack tables. All in all I've always enjoyed visiting the pool here at the G.N. A pool where you can just chill & take it easy before another wild night in Vegas.
4	We went to the Atlantis in the Bahamas last year and the Golden Nugget pool reminded me of a mini-miniature version of it. There is a water slide that goes through a shark tank...in Vegas...swimming with the fishes. A huge swim up aquarium, waterfalls, the pool wraps around so part of it is in the shade in case you get too hot. There is the usual pool lounge seating area where you can lay out if you can find an empty spot...grab a couple towels to cover the chairs. The cushions could use a change as they looked kinda worn and the material gets hot. Upstairs they offer cabana seating for rent with a birds eye view of below. They don't allow outside food but if you bring snacks and drinks in a beach bag, they'll let you pass. Just don't try to bring a big Cane's Chicken bag in or you'll get booted lol!There is also blackjack by the pool with girl dealers in bikinis :)Admission to the pool is $20/person but if you get a room which is about $45, you can bring in people with your room key. The rooms are pretty nice for the money.For visitors, remember to get your 3 hour parking validatation at the cafe near the entrance. Parking is $2 per hour and free if you show your room key.A nice little family oriented pool for a brief "I'm-on-vacation" feel :)
4	Great pool! It has a large shark tank in the center that you can swim up to and watch the sharks and fish swim around. There is also a long water slide that sends you right through the tank. We came here two different days during our Las Vegas trip. The first day we rented a day bed, which was nice, but we didn't get much sun after 3pm because of the location of the bed in relation to the surrounding buildings. The second day we rented a cabana. The food and beverage minimums for both the day bed and the cabana were reasonably priced for the weekend, and the drinks were much cheaper than the drinks at other more popular pools on the strip... probably because the Golden Nugget is a little out of the way from the main Las Vegas strip. It was also not as big as other pools. We had a great time though, and the crowd was good both Friday and Saturday. I would definitely come here again on my next Vegas vacation.
5	Not just the best pool downtown, but one of the better pools in Las Vegas.  It is small but it has 3 levels.  The top level to the left is the secret topless area so if you ever have a hard time finding a spot, you can rely on this area to have seats.  Usually no one is topless anyway.  Of course they have the shark tank with different species of sharks, ahi tuna, groupers and more.  I was here at 1:30 on Wednesday and they were feeding them.  Pretty cool.  Drinks? Also why this is a good spot. 16oz budlight is $5.95.  Cocktails $7.  Great prices for a pool in Las Vegas.  They're usually lots of kids so if that's not your bag, maybe not the spot for you.
4	The pool was perfect. It was only $20 to rent a chair for the day in the all ages section. Some of the pools on the strip can be a $60+ venture. The 16 and up pool is for hotel guests only. We went on a Monday afternoon and there were very few children. We lucked out since it was the beginning of September and most kids were in school. There was music playing, but not so loud that you have to shout to the person beside you. There were a lot of people that seemed to have brought in their own snacks and bottled water, though no outside food was allowed. I enjoyed that the pool was partly shaded by the upper level. There is an aquarium in the middle with sharks and giant fish. There is also a slide that is pretty low key. I am not usually a fan of slides, but this one was fun. And since it goes though the shark tank it is a must do.
4	THE TANK: We went in November and the pool is not heated so it was a little chilly. The slide going through the shark tank makes me nervous but I am not a big fan of sharks. There are plenty of chaise lounges and places to get drinks at The Tank and you can even gamble poolside. The actual aquarium is pretty awesome to look at, you can get thisclose to sharks and fish while in the pool.THE HIDEOUT: The Hideout is a pool at the top of the stairs which is reserved for the 16+ crowd. It is $20 to reserve a chaise there and the bar is a swim-up type style. We didn't think it was worth it as The Tank wasn't crowded but I can see in the summer time why it would be worth the money to hang out at The Hideout. Both pools have access to a jacuzzi, bars and televisions.
4	Woot, woot! I love the shark/fish tank! The pool looks amazing! The fire pit at night is beautiful. Not the swanky on the strip type pool, but for downtown it is really nice. I do think this place would be good for kids, I mean there is a slide in the middle of the pool and you slid right in the middle of the shark/fish tank (in an enclosed tube silly not swimmin with the fishes)...
4	WATER SLIDE through a SHARK TANK!?  Hell yeah!!This huge pool area includes the three story tall water slide (through a freaking shark tank!), a swimming pool that encircles the base of the shark tank, a waterfall, a big hot tub, and lots of options for sitting/laying around and soaking up the desert sunshine.  Entry to the main area is free if you're staying at the Nugget or available for a fee if you're not.  There are also private cabanas and a VIP area on top for more $$.On the downside, while the hot tub and deck area are open until 2am the water slide and swimming pool close at 5pm.  Also, the entire facility can get so busy during the day that it can be hard to enjoy 'relaxing' here at all-- assuming you can even find a place to sit!All in all, the Golden Nugget Pool was one of the most fun and inexpensive diversions I've found in Vegas so far.  Did I mention that there's a water slide through a shark tank?  :-)
5	amazing. A must see if you are in the downtown area. this is my personal favorite pool. I love the atmosphere. It doesnt look lik eit belongs down town. It is too nice and modern looking.
5	The Golden Nugget pool is awesome.  Great atmosphere.  Servers Cindy & Kimmy are extraordinary.  Karri is an amazing bartender.  Super service pool side.  Great for sunbathing.  There's a private topless section that's my favorite.Chris
2	We visited in June and found the pool very, very cool!  Sadly, it was also very, very crowded with locals and disgustingly dirty.The GN needs to decide who is more important, locals or paying guests.We're planning our annual anniversary trip now and I want to include the GN but their ambivalence to my concerns has me thinking it may be time to try The D.  After all, we can always crash the GN pool like all of the locals.
3	I was expecting a much more amazing experience than the reality. I saw a picture of the pool and the water slide that goes through a shark tank and was super excited to try it out but the slide was very disappointing. It's a cool idea but when you're on the slide, you're moving way too fast to actually be able to see the sharks. The pool itself is good for shark-viewing and there are parts of it in the shade so the evil Las Vegas sun. The pool area was incredibly busy, even on a Monday, and all the pool lounge chairs fill up quickly.
5	Finally got to come and hang out at the Golden Nugget pool when it was hot out. The last few times I went it was not swimming weather in Vegas. Wife and I stayed at the Nugget and I saw they was a Oktoberfest with 40+ different beers on hand. Such a great event and well put together. They had all the great brewers there...Ballast Point, Stone, Green Flash and MANY other greats. Got to hang out and drink good priced brew and hang in that awesome pool and watch sharks swim. I even charged the slide a few times. Drinking and Sharks....is there anything better? CHEERS!!!
4	I love the hanging by the pool at night with the firepits and the absolutely enormous hot tub that is open until 2 am.  H2o bar located conveniently by the hot tub to relax with cocktail in hand.
5	This pool is awesome especially for families. The water slide is pretty legit and it goes into the shark tank. Drinks were kinda weak at first but the bartender fixed that once we told him. If your looking to party Vegas style I would go to a pool on the strip, but for just chillin at a pool this place is great. I've been here a few times and always had a good time.
5	Loved it!!!!! Best pool and jacuzzi I ever been to and they stay open until 2am. Shark tank with a slide thru it. Awesome.
4	Went here as part of a company bonding experience (read: paid day to go to the pool) and overall had a pretty awesome time!Of course, the big highlight was the slide - it's one of the top 10 things to see in Vegas from what I've heard.  The first time I didn't see squat.  The second time I decided to lean up and focus a little - I saw a flash of grey fish.I think the fourth or fifth time I got it down to where I fully saw the aquarium while I was sliding!The pool is nice, though a bit small.  I absolutely love waterfalls and they have two, so big props for that.We had two cabanas and, sadly, the service was very, very slow.  It wasn't an overly-busy day and the lady would take SO long to come around, food took forever to get delivered and the general quality wasn't on par for a real cabana, VIP-type experience.Take a gander at the fish tank - lots of cool sharks in there.  =)
5	The pool is awesome! Great for the kids and the adults. The big fish rank is great and the water slide is fun!
5	One of our main attractions every year.  Love to go swimming with the sharks.  The slide is AWESOME and the adult pool is a nice get away from kids.
3	After many years of living in Vegas, I finally got to the Golden Nugget pool!  I was very excited to see the famous pool with the shark tank in the middle. On the Saturday I visited, they were only granting admission to hotel guests and checking for room keys, but luckily, a guest let me in with them so I wasn't turned away. (note- they do not allow outside food or drinks and they check your bag).The pool is somewhat overwhelming in that there are lounge chairs crammed in every available space. It was very crowded with all types of people, from families to 20-somethings, to older individuals and everything in between. There are lots of chairs, and there is no additional cost to use them, which is always nice, but it was hard to tell which ones were occupied because there were towels laying around everywhere.  The upstairs area is a little less crowded and there is a small area where topless sunbathing is allowed. There are also cabanas and another private pool upstairs. The vibe itself was fun; there was a DJ spinning top hits, which always brightens my mood. There were plenty of bars and even gaming tables. The pool itself was rather small, but there is the water slide that goes "through" the shark tank (although my friend said they couldn't see any fish while sliding down).
4	The pool would be why I chose the Golden Nugget for our last trip to Vegas.My husband was here for business and my son and I needed something to kill the time till he  got home and I figured the pool would be perfect.$30 to get in if you are not a hotel guest is steep, I think not worth it at all, though we need see a lot or people paying to come here.Hours are from 10 am-8 pm, the first day we got here at 10.30 not one of the I'm guessing around 100 lounge chairs left.Did get one in the water which was pretty cool and refreshing.Day 2 at 9.45 I got the very last lounge chair, nice but you really have to be ok with basically touching the people on either side of you.The pool is pretty small, just a circle around the slide.The slide though is where its at. The sharks and huge fish, so awesome to look at and be that close to.My son went down the slide over and over all morning, mom got to relax, though I also went down a few times, not to be missed!Drinks and food are crazy expensive ($16 drinks, $12 burgers) and you cannot bring your own, not even water.Lifeguards on duty and at the slide, it is pretty clean and safe here, we had a great 2 days at the pool!
3	It's nearly impossible to find a lounge chair. The pool was a little chilly for mid June. The shark tank was cool. Drinks are super expensive.
4	The kids and I had a blast, we were able to get up at 7am right when it opens to reserve our little chairs with some towels etc. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND getting up before 8am and putting some stuff on some chairs as they fill up quickly!!! People were walking around all upset because all the chairs were taken.. well.....YOU get up early too then :)Drinks were cheap for Vegas standards, and the staff was awesome... Kids and I will be back for sure!!!
5	What a unique experience, swimming next to and sliding through a shark tank. It was so much fun. My family and I had such a great time. Definitely worth staying at the Golden Nugget just to experience it. The people there are so friendly and accommodating. I can't thank them enough. It was definitely one of favorite moments during our stay in Las Vegas. I'd highly recommend it.
4	While the hotel is so-so, the pool bar is a great place to hang out.
3	Shark tank, water slide, alcohol and a smoking hot date!! What more can you ask for?!?! So why only the three stars you ask? Let me explain. 1. They don't start letting people in the water until 10 am. But make sure you get to the pool earlier so you can snag chairs. The bf and I got down to the pool at 9:30 am and were lucky enough to find a whole row that hadn't been occupied. People showing up at 10 am weren't so lucky. 2. People aren't even in the water yet, but why is the water already murky?? Gross!! Sunscreen, oils, sweat, pee...a big stew of humans. 3. Our cocktail server was no where to be found. She did bring us a menu but never came back to take our order. So I just went to the bar and ordered. The skinny cucumber vodka drink and a turkey sandwich set me back $22 plus tip. I expected it since we were at a pool. Both were really good for being pool food. I even got another drink and was pretty tipsy by the time we left. 4. They don't check your bags when you enter the pool. The bf went back upstairs to the room and loaded the back pack with beers, juice and more vodka from our cooler. So needless to say, we were both pretty tipsy. The water slide was pretty fun though. There were a bunch of kids waiting in line though. Only reason we went in the water at all was because it was scorching hot. There was also an adult pool where you could rent daybeds and cabanas without the loud noise from kids.
5	It is so hot and the weather is so perfect for the pool! Love the slide! *take the elevator... Much easier then the stairs when wet*Gawwwd had an adult popsicle and it was AMAZING!!!!
4	Good times at this pool. It has something for everybody. It's surrounded by countless lounge chairs, has a wraparound pool complete with waterfalls, aquarium/shark tank in the middle of it and a water slide that goes right through the shark tank. It's surprisingly fast especially if you slingshot your start like I did... Haha. It's good fun. The pool has 2 bars. Serves typical poolside food like burgers, wraps & fries, etc. It also has a kiosk at the entrance that sells sunblock, suntan oil, pool toys, etc... I like the Nugget pool. It gets crowded but if you bring your patience, you should be able to snag a lounge chair or three. Check em out and dont forget to take a run on that water slide.
5	If you're an adult, head up the stairs to the slide and hook a right into the adult pool.  Bar is right there and the pool is a little smaller, but you don't have to fight to find a chair to lay on and listen to the kids screaming.You can go on the slide which is pretty fun going through the aquarium and seeing the sharks and tuna.  Plus, its free for locals!
3	Sooooo disappointed in the pool. This place is not only packed with the quantity of people but it really reflects in the water quality. I was so excited to go down the water slide that they say is one of the top ten in the world, but the line is consistently at least 30-40 people deep. I was willing to wait in the line until I saw the cloudy water; you couldn't even see the bottom! We went to the third floor pool which is adult only, but the water was less than, but almost equally as dirty. With a rating of one of top ten in the world, I was expecting a lot more.
5	I love staying at this hotel for the pool and easy in and out. The slide is great. I love all the tropical fish and sharks. Chart House is in the hotel. Love it. What I hate is all the construction on the strip. It took me an hour to go less than a mile this morning. The strip was down to one Lane!  And the Nugget is always clean.
1	The H2O pool its for hotel guests only, you won't miss anything. Skip the elderly crowd and just head to the Strip if you are looking for a pool party.
4	Booked a weekend at the Golden Nugget because of the dope looking shark tank water slide. Came to the pool around 2pm on a Saturday and had a little trouble tracking down two lounge chairs but were able to in about 10 minutes of wandering. (Seems like we got pretty lucky when we snagged our chairs).  The pool was packed and felt unapproachable because there are a gazillion people in there drinking and hanging out which brings sanitary issues to mind. Despite the fact that people are probably pissing in there left and right, we still got in and rode the waterslide twice with my gopro, which wasn't a problem and was like no other waterslide I've ever been down!  We brought our own booze in without any question so had fun & didn't spend a dime. Overall, had fun & would recommend hitting it up if you have a room here!
4	My only issue with the Golden Nugget Pool is it's to small for the size of this hotel. People should not have to get up before 8 am to secure a place by the pool.I read a lot of reviews on the Hideout pool so I reserved loungers for a few days on my next trip. It cost 25 dollars for a lounger for each day but I think it will be worth it not having to get up super early.I'll let you know what I think of the hideout.
5	LOVE this pool! The Sharks r awesome, the lounges are comfortable. You can swim under waterfalls & in around a giant fish tank. The only thing missing is a floating bar. The staff is a little rude, that's the only downside.
3	I didn't actually try the pool myself, so this is based on what I saw and what my husband/kids said. We visited it on a Sunday afternoon in August.We stayed for one night at the Golden Nugget *specifically* so the kids could go to the pool. Fortunately in August it closes at 8 PM so they were able to do so, even though they weren't ready until 5 PM or so.  At other times of the year, the pool closes at 5 PM.The main attraction of the pool is the slide going through the aquarium.  Unfortunately, the line is extremely long.  My husband and daughter only managed to go once.  They said that you go so quickly, that you can't actually see the fish as you go down.  Neither would return for the experience.My other daughter, however, was very happy to be swimming near the aquarium and would return.The pool was incredibly crowded - and it's not very big at all -, but they were able to secure underwater lounge chairs to hang out for a while.  My youngest daughter made a little friend, which hadn't happen at other pools, so I was glad. All in all I'd say that you shouldn't go to the Golden Nugget for the pool, but if you're there anyway, you might as well give it a try.
4	The shark tank was AWESOME! Gives the pool an awesome feel, and it's relaxing. The only problem I have is the pool was murky and filled with kids splashing everywhere. I should have read the other reviews to find that there was an upstairs area for adults. I will be back soon! My group and I got a beach ball going, and everyone joined in. It was a fun time, besides your typical Vegas crowd that gets too drunk, and out of control! Until next time!!!
2	My experience has been the same as others in that it is overcrowded high priced and dirty.
2	who closes a pool, in las vegas, (during the summer) @ 8:00 pm!? idiotic and very unhappy! then they don't reopen until 10:00!? maybe they forgot the temperature?
3	I admit that I stayed at this hotel for one night solely because of their pool and waterslide. We stayed on a weeknight (on the way back from Utah) so the room was only $70. The waterslide was fun but the water here was so dirty and chlorinated. My eyes were red and burning after only ten minutes in the water (and I wasn't opening them under water). There is another smaller ppol on the third floor (near the top of the water slide) but when I checked it, the pool was mostly 50+ year olds even though the music was bumping pretty hard. I am glad I slid down the waterslide but I wouldn't want to do it again because the water has way too many chemicals. I understand that they need to sanitize the water somehow but my eyes did not react well to it. Once I got out and dried out, I reeked of chlorine and I couldn't wait to run back to the room to shower.
1	If I could give no stars I would.  It was the most ratchet creechiest of venues I have ever been too.  Disgusting pool, terrible cabana service, disgusting drinks and one of the worst DJ's I have ever heard.  Like everything else in Vegas it's all smoke and mirrors.  Once you actually get there you want to leave.  What a disgusting joke of a venue and thanks for allowing me to use your septic tank...I mean swimming pool.  Nasty nasty nasty
4	Very nice pool. But gets packed early. They need more room. But still an awesome experience
5	I'm giving a 5 based on the Hideout pool. It's worth the 25 dollars for a lounger. if you sleep in you have a guaranteed spot. It's best to book in advance especially for a weekend.The service was excellent. The servers kept checking on me for my drinks and were very friendly to talk to.The side of the pool near the Rush Tower entrance does get an hour or so of shade somewhere between 11 and 1 ( roughly). I was ok with that but if you want sun all day you may want to get a spot on the other side.
5	Best Pool in VEGAS!  Water falls, Fire Pits, Lounge chairs that are IN THE POOL.  A freaking shark tank aquarium that has a clear tunnel slide through it so u swim with the Sharks. It's EPIC!!!!!
4	Loved this place. Purchased a Cabana for the day. The night before we went late & they were closed. We asked to get a tour & said we would be purchasing the Cabana the next day. Even though they were closed they sent us a little pool boy who took us on the tour. The place itself was super clean & the Cabanas were very cute. We had couches, tables, TV, iPod hook ups, cooler, free water & towels. The pool itself is obviously super awesome because there is a shark tank. You can stand on the ledge of the tank & it makes you feel like you are actually swimming with them. They have a pretty cool slide that shoots through the tank which is fun to go down. The hot tub is huge & I love the big chairs around it. So cozy when you want to take a break from the excitement. The server we had was super sweet. She put up with all of us and was quick to give us directions or tips about Vegas. My only complaint would be not being able to bring in you own food. We had kids in our group and they just wanted to each a cold lunch but were denied when trying to bring it in.  I understand but at the same time when you are renting a Cabana with multiple people it would be nice if they let that slide. All in all the place rocked. Very vibrant & colorful & the music was great the whole time. We will be back but next time just buy a seat by the pool. As cool as the Cabana was for a lot less you can get pretty much the same thing which is a lounge chair by the pool.
