1	Stay away from these people.  They are a scam.  In advertizing they claim they will obtain competing offers for mortgage loans.  However, the scam is that they want to place the loan themselves.  They have their own sale people contact you and try to sell you on their loan at rip off fees and obscure rules.  You need to steer clear of this type of scam especially in this real estate environment.
1	Never and I say NEVER input your real social security # and phone #'s unless you want to be harassed for the rest of your life.  The kicker is there's no way to close your account or stop being harassed, even after you click "unsubscribe".
1	Lending Tree shared my personal info with dubious companies without my consent, leading to harassing Phone Calls. Background: I clicked on an advertisement on the yahoo mail app on my phone. It was about loans offers and I was curious. The link led me to a form where I filled in some information. I was just browsing for rates and had no intention of actually applying for anything. I did not even complete the process because I was asked to provide my SSN and I did not wish to provide it. So I just closed that screen. In a few minutes, I started getting multiple calls and emails. I had to tell each of them that I was not interested. Some of them were downright rude and kept pestering me even though I told them I am not interested. I never consented to allow Lending Tree to share my information with anyone. But they went ahead and shared it. It appears they will keep sharing the information to other parties. This leads to harassing phone calls from multiple organizations. There is no way to stop the sharing in the Lending Tree website. followed what others suggested on the internet and changed all my personal information on the Lending Tree website. But my contact information would have been shared with a bunch of lenders already. So I expect to be getting more calls. I submitted this complaint to the BBB and I am waiting to hear back. At any cost,  DO NOT provide your personal information or your SSN to this organization.
1	I should have known better, but I shared my personal information with Lending Tree and have been harassed non-stop ever since. I used them years ago and was able to view quotes online at the time. Now, most of the lenders won't offer a quote unless they can talk to you directly. Never again.
