1	Look for another doctor. Don't wast your time. If I could rate 0 stars I would.Dr. Alamo is rude and arrogant. He doesn't make much eye contact and seemed disinterested in discussing symptoms past related medical history. Was very quick to make recommendations for costly tests. I spent more time sitting in the waiting room and with an asst then I did with him. I can see he is a busy doctor but if health is so important to him then giving a little better care to patients is not asking too much. I enjoyed receiving a letter of severance in the mail today 10/19/2012 that was dated 10/03/2012 noting he will no longer be my doctor. This stems from my calls to his office trying to get test results, a request for his recommendations in writing for me to review and noting to his staff how poorly he treats patients and that I would be looking for another physician. I did not get the requested list of his recommended tests.
1	Joshua's review was spot on. The first thing recommended to me by the good doctor was an expensive and rather extreme test with no interest in discussing symptoms or any past medical history. He had one foot out the door the whole time. Any input from me was cut off or otherwise dismissed. The whole consultation was terse, bewildering, and illustrated that he sees you not as a patient, but as a walking moneybag. Never again.
1	Had an extremely unpleasant experience, will not be returning. There are plenty of reviews online on other websites about this doctor expressing the same general feelings. 5 reasons why I wouldn't go back...1. They spelled my name wrong within the system. After I told the assistant, she notified the receptionist, but sure enough it was still wrong on the paperwork they gave me after the appointment.2. Came at 11:40am and left at 1pm (Friday) only 4 people were in the waiting area. I could hear the doctor talking to a vendor outside the waiting room they put me in.3. Saw doctor at 12:50pm and left the building by 1pm. He spent 10 minutes to tell me my lab results were perfect and that I had nothing to worry about.5. He kept the door open the entire time I was with him, seemed impatient and in a rush. Wanted me in and out, I had to ask him questions as he stood by the door to prevent him from cutting our session short.I was extremely unsatisfied, doctor did not show any sympathy or interest towards my concerns and was impatient. Ironically my dad had an appointment right after me and his experience was a little different. The doctor was extremely boastful and just bragged about some of his accomplishments to my dad. I believe he tries to hook in patients that will have a bigger payout for him and spends less time and interest in younger folks. Be warned, he cares more about your wallet than your health.
