3	This is a pretty unique dive bar and a pittsburgh original.  I don't go there much now, but I did have the occassion recently to be there at around  830am on a Saturday.  I couldn't believe how many people were there and the mix of the crowd.  There were people there my age who  had obviously had a long night that turned into an early morning.  There were also "grinders" who just got done working at the mill or whatever and were there to have a cold meatloaf sandwich and a beer for breakfast.  There was also a guy there who was trying to sell me a pair of his shoes.  There can be a lot of meatheads there sometimes late at night, but if you are looking for a good dive bar open 365 days a year I suggest Jack's Rose Bar, especially before 9 AM.
3	i could see why this is a great & popular dive bar, but unfortunately for me and the crew, the bar was too crowded to make our way to order a drink. Also, too smokey to see across. Otherwise, on a slow night, i bet this place would be pretty rad.
4	Jack's is great! Its the kind of dive bar that is open really early in the morning and is filled with old vets and people coming off of night shifts but is super packed on a Friday night. They are reasonably priced, have strong drinks and a little bit of bar food, but nothing spectacular. There are two rooms, the back room has pool tables and maybe some darts, but I dont remember. Each room has a separate bar and juke boxes. Parking in the southside is a pain in the ass, so, if at all possible - get a taxi! Its laid back, no dress code and a good place to go watch a game.
4	Wonderful dive into the south side of Pittsburg. Two drinking, er, seating sections. Two pool tables and a Galaga machine. Score.
5	This is the perfect dive bar! They have $1 sloppy joes, great priced drinks & you have to try the pumpkin pie shots...UNBELIEVABLE!!! It is smoke filled with very unusual characters. There were Steelers fans, anarchist and regular joes...a diverse crowd for sure! LOVED IT! They don't take any crap off anyone. I saw the bartender kick out 2 people who were way wasted and being rude...so be nice, but have FUN!
3	2.5 rounding up because of the free popcorn on the bar!!WOW! What a mix. This bar is hit or miss, the crowd varies night to night. I generally stay away from south side bars unless a friend wants to meet up and for some reason my bff loves this place...maybe its the free popcorn or the fact that cotton eyed joe is always played when we're there...coincidence? I think not.
5	Thank goodness for Jack's.  As an outsider, I wasn't sure if I would be able to find a bar I felt comfortable in after one night, but Jack's proved to be the spot.  Both beer and shots were super cheap.  There was a flow of people in and out, but even at its most busiest, I didn't feel like I was being pushed around.  The locals were nice enough, or drunk enough.  You have to love a bartender who wears a Jenna Jameson shirt.  The mix of people in the bar was definitely all over the place.  I was in Pittsburgh one night and I met a real steel worker (yes, in the flesh).  Even at the end of the night when the girls room had puke on the floor, I didn't mind.  It almost made sense to me.If I ever come back to this part of Pittsburgh, I will definitely get my drinks at Jacks.
2	Waited for a crappy bartender to wait on me on a very uncrowded night.  I guess he was texting someone to find more stupid ass white rim glasses.  Still tipped him.  This place has taken a turn downhill, possibly? Shame jack's, for shame!   Lol!
4	Can't beat Jack's.  You just can't.  It may be the best dive bar in Pitt.  And I say that in the very best way possible.  Def Leopard and darts, with cheap beer and bartenders that were born there (that does not mean they are old either).  You either get Jack's or you don't and if you don't you are really missing out.  Some Southside full-timers may be put off by Jack's popularity, but don't listen to them, it's popular for a reason, it's fun.There is nothing fancy or pretentious about this bar, so if you look like you just fell out of an L.L. Bean or Talbot's catalog, you need not enter.  The bar has two sides, both of which can pack em in like sardines on weekends.  If you are barhopping on the Southside, start your night at Jack's to get off to a fun and wallet friendly start.  To impress your out-of-town friends, order up some Jack's exclusive Pumpkin Pie shots, you won't be disappointed, the preparation is as much fun as drinking the actual shot.Jack's is Pittsburgh and Pittsburgh is Jack's, warts and all.  It's not fancy or built for times square, but that's the point.  Jack's might be a little rough around the edges, but it has personality and will win you over in spite of yourself.  Go in with the right expectations and you will leave happy.
5	If you are looking for a dive bar in Pitt, you can't beat it. Anyone who is complaining about this place simply doesn't like this type of bar. But if you do, it can't be beat. Highly recommended
3	Got here before the crowds on Bourbon....err I mean Carson St. started to roll in.  It's a much different atmosphere when there isn't the rowdiness of the college/young adult crowd in there.  You can actually sit and enjoy a libation and talk amongst yourselves.Drink are definitely reasonably priced, which is great for a place that has so much competition.Half the time I was distracted by all the kick ass signs hanging on the walls/ceiling.Be sure to put your nose where it says for an amazing view.
3	Jack's is Jack's. Great drink prices - large mixed drinks - pitchers of shots - lots of smoke. You sneak past a refrigerator to go into the back room. Jack's is the nightcap to a night of drinking on the South Side. But they also serve holiday dinners on Thanksgiving and Christmas to whomever walks in. Everybody goes to Jack's. There is no dress code or snootiness. Though they do have a bouncer carding on Friday and Saturday nights, he's mainly there to keep the peace. This is a classic Pittsburgh establishment where you can see all walks of life morning or night. Don't miss Jack's on your South Side bar crawl (though with all the neon lights you'd have to be trying to actually miss it.)
4	This is one of the most entertaining dive bars I've been to, but for a different reason than many of the others I've gone to. Typically, I go to be entertained by the wildlife that attends the bar. However, they have several entertaining pictures around the bar that show the bars funny philosophies, rules, and even their menu. In addition, they have some props in the bar that make for some good photo opportunities.Drink selection is typically from local breweries with larger scale production or from America's mass production breweries. Simple well drinks are also available here along with straight shots.This is a cash only business, so bring money. If you forgot money, there is an ATM on property for you to withdraw some cash for your beverages.This place is a smoking establishment and they are open every legal minute of the year 7am-2am daily except Sundays when they are open 11am-2am.
5	I can't believe this place only has 14 reviews.  Jack's defines "Pittsburgh Dive Bar."  For reals.  Open at 7am.  Serves food.  Smoking allowed.  Reasonable prices.  Awesome jukebox.  What more do you need?  If only it weren't in the South Side.  Then again, I guess that's part of it's charm.
5	I'm in Pittsburgh. I'm not a Steeler fan but here for the Bengal game (totally not a Bengal fan either). We're here for shenanigans and debauchery. Totally looking for a dive bar. My search has ended. This place is absolutely fabulous. Cheap drinks. Stiff drinks. Fantastic attitudes, both by the patrons and by the staff. This place, as a previous reviewer had noted, defines dive bar. Who else serves pitchers of shots. Yes, pitchers of shots. That is exactly how it sounds. I think we walked the whole south side strip, and went to a dozen or more bars that night, but ended up here three times. I don't know why we left, only to think the rest of Pittsburgh would be just as fab. This is our go to place. Thank you Jack's for being there in our time of need.
5	Awsome place  drink. It has a nice atmosphere, affordable drinks and nice staff. It s a must to stop at while in the flats.
5	This place made me love Pittsburgh. CHEAP food and beer. Nothing fancy, just a fryer behind the bar. Normal bar fare, but fresh and tasty. Nice bartenders helping us find stuff to do in Pitt (we found, we stayed at Jack's). Beer specials and mixed drinks were good as well. A perfect dive!
5	How can you go wrong?  Maybe the perfect dive bar.  Loud music, cheap beer and friendly people.  I got drunk at this place twice and both times I had a blast.  If you go to Pittsburgh, this is the bar to visit if your into dive bars.  Thanks
4	Cool side room with an additional bar. A good place in the Southside to just have a drink with some friends.
5	I loved this bar!! I'm from California and was amazed at pittsburgh's nightlife. Awesome cheap alcohol. Will come here again if I'm ever in Pittsburgh in the future!
5	Cool spot.been here forever...even before south side was the cool place to be
4	A well crafted hole in the wall, it's a average joes type of place, but Bunny the babe bartender we will make you felt right at home.
1	You can't get any divier that Jack's. This is the low of the low, the dregs of the Burgh, the armpit of the city, the thorn of Carson ST, and the black eye of the South Side. It's so bad you have to love it. Open 365 days a year (yes, they are even open Christmas Day) this is a bar you can get falling down, pee on a cop car drunk for under 10 bucks. Don't EVEN ask for a fancy shmancy drink here, odds are they won't know how to make it. This is your atypical steel city shot and a beer bar, enter at your own risk, you have been warned.
4	I visited Jack's on a particularly busy night. It was shoulder to shoulder everywhere on the Southside that night, which definitely made a difference in the experience. I'll try to keep this in mind when I review Jack's.Jack's has an interesting look. Its a nice little bar with hand written signs on the walls- not cluttered but getting crowded. It's gimmicky but not tacky, which is a hard balance to find. Their drink prices are untouchable, they are seriously sooooooo cheap. Pitchers of shots are like $12. It's ridiculous. We stayed here for about an hour before moving on. I think the smoke and the fact that the pool tables were covered up were the only complaints I noted. All things considered, Jack's is a great place to start the night. On a less crowded night, I can see myself enjoying it a lot more.
4	Jack's was my favorite bar in the South Side area of Pittsburgh. I could have stayed there all night.
4	Jack's is three different bars depending on what time of the day you go in.  They open at 7am so first thing in the morning it is a night crew bar since that is their 5pm.  So you will see nurses, security guards, and construction workers.  Around noon it turns into a biker bar.  They have special motorcycle parking with Biker Vision (a camera that points to the parking area so you can keep an eye on your baby).  After 10pm it turns into a college bar.  The place is typically filled to the gills and top 40 is playing.  You might get groped, puked on, or sandwiched.  It is a dive bar in all senses.  Cheap drinks, crappy floors, and bartenders that have zero time for your BS.  All in all it is a fun place if you just want to have a cheap drink and a good time.The only reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is because of their bathroom situation.  Occasionally they will get a large group before the back room opens up (the backroom has bigger bathrooms with more stalls) and there will be a line for the single stall woman's room.
4	This is your typical dive bar. It was fun tho. It's real cramped, but we were lucky to get a table off to the side. The beer is reasonably priced.
4	This place is pretty great.  We went to the bar in back where it was just us and the bartender, Michael?  Guy had some good stories to tell and made good drinks.  $4 for a vodka/soda..DOUBLE.  This is regular prices not happy hour.  Why can't we have bars like this in Connecticut.  Only downside is the place is cash only which can be a bit of a pain but at $4 a drink, I can drink all night for $40.  This felt like real Pittsburgh, a man's man bar.  Would definitely come back.
