5	FANTASTIC food, atmosphere, wine, staff, everything.Very psyched to find a fine dining restaurant in my hood that is pretty affordable. You can get two course dinner for ten pounds from monday to thursday, there is a pre-theatre menu, a two or three course lunch menu and the regular dinner menu is amazing.We had the scallops starter and the black pudding/haggis starter-  fabulous, both of them, with beautiful presentation.  For entrees we had the halibut/scallop/languistine with a fantastic lobsters butter and the rack of lamb- PERFECTLY cooked, followed by sticky toffee pudding and a beautiful mix of fruit. The restaurant has beautiful artwork, an run by a husband and wife. i hugely recommend it to both locals and visitors. a rare find.
5	WARNING: Dont be fooled if, when walking into Hewat's, you think you have wandered into the worlds smallest restaurant - there are plenty more seats around the corner, you just cant see them.That said however, try and book for Hewat's, as it is a very good restaurant, and does fill up quickly.Warning aside, Hewat's restaurant is an exceptional place for a meal, hidden in the Newingtona area of Edinburgh. The decor is minimalistic creams and dark woods, and the staff, with the exception of one waitress who looked very annoyed with her customers, are lovely people.However, it is of course the food that draws the customers, and it really is exceptional - a blend of scottish and french classics that really are something special. Hewat's is a slightly more expensive dining experience, however, they do offer an excellent deal of 'Dine for a Tenner', which is extraordinary and still high quality food.
4	An excellent restaurant. It doesn't really seem like anything special from the outside and yet it was a very special surprise. I was taken here by our supervisor and we were greeted by very friendly staff. You can tell it's a family run business who try and put their best into this place. It's interior is deceiving, you walk into a cute waiting area whilst the dining area is round the corner, with dark wood decoration and minimalistic decoration without being pretentious.I had the steak option which was tasty and make sure you keep some space for the desserts- tasty and so pretty you hesitate momentarily to destroy them but they are truly delicious! I was taken aback when I found out the 19 year old son made these delicious gems- I wish I had that talent! They have this great lunch and dinner deal on at the moment. Would definitely come here again.
5	Hewat's used to be one of those places you only went to once in a blue moon, nothing to do with the service,  it's just really expensive. Then a while back they introduced the Dine for a Tenner menu. Thank you credit crunch!I got a flavorful Wild Mushroom and Leek soup to start, which no bowl will ever be a big enough portion. And for main Beef Stroganoff with Pilaff Rice. Yes, you read that right, Beef and Rice, but it tastes wonderful.Getting a seat in here is tricky, book in advance!
4	The Man is a Yelp convert and as such, when realising that we'd not booked a restaurant for our 2 year anniversary, he immediately went to Yelp to find a good place in Newington.  He made a couple of calls and finally discovered Hewatts, which had space for us at 8:30.  We were greeted by lovely staff who took our coats and led to our table.  We were in some kind of annex/private party area which was admittedly not quite as nicely decked out as the rest of the restaurant, but was certainly fine for us.  We were immediately told what was not available off the wine list, and got down to trying to choose from the very tasty sounding menu.  Our chosen bottle of wine had a proper cork in it and we had a bit of a giggle with the bartender who was sent over to open it, as the waitresses apparently often do, as they don't feel comfortable with a cork screw.  I liked that - sure this place has a fancy menu, but the staff are real and nice and not putting on airs.  I chose the haggis risotto with pan fried black pudding which was really really tasty, and the perfect portion size.  The Man had cullin skink which he thoroughly enjoyed.  This leads me to question the "French" branding on this place as it seems to be more modern Scottish than French ... For our mains, The Man had Boar which was fantastic, and I had a wild mushroom and brie tartlett.  Admittedly, I found the pastry of the tartlett very heavy and ended up leaving most of it on my plate.  However, the overall dining experience was lovely and I look forward to another special occasion so we can return.
4	Went to Hewat's while visiting Edinburgh on a tip from our B&B.  Arrived 20 minutes after it opened on a Wednesday night, so we were the first table of the evening and were promised that we would get the host's "undivided attention."  Not so much, but more on that later.Hubs and I took advantage of the 2 courses for a Tenner since the menu wasn't that much shorter than the regular one.  I ordered the mushroom soup and roast pork while Jeremy went for the smoked fish cake and salmon/prawn dish with crab and pea risotto.  All of the meals were tasty, although the fish cake was by far our favorite.  Nothing mind-blowing, but satisfying.  Desserts were the highlight of the meal.  The sticky toffee pudding was rich and sumptuous, to the point that we were struggling to finish it although we desperately wanted to!  The lemon tart had a nice crisp bruleed top and had the perfect balance of tart and sweet.  They also had multiple scotch choices at prices that amazed these two Americans, so I think if I lived in the area I would come here for drinks and desserts more than the dinner.Despite the tasty food we were disappointed by the service.  We were told that since we were one of only three occupied tables that we could expect lots of attention, but the whole experience took about two hours.  Food came out hot, so perhaps it was the time it took to prepare it, but no one checked on us while we were eating.  It also took about 10 minutes to get the bill after we requested it, and another 10 for them to take it to the register.  Perhaps it was customary to walk the bill to the register, but we were told this so I can't say.  Nothing was terribly wrong, we just felt a little neglected.Overall we were glad to have tried this place.  It was a nice beginning to our holiday here, and would most likely be back if we didn't live thousands of miles away!
5	Small restaurant run by a husband and wife team. The food is lovely and beautifully presented.  However it is seldom busy and I don't know why as it is such good food and at a very fair price.I would recommend others to try it and find out for themselves
5	A group of us visiting Edinburgh for the Rock and Roll half marathon visited Hewat's on our first evening in the city. What a wonderful experience. The staff welcomed us when we arrived, took our coats and seated us promptly. Our dinner was delicious. Everyone enjoyed their food. I had the beet and goat cheese salad as a starter, and wild boar for the main dish. The boar was juicy and flavorful. A companion of mine, who is usually rather particular about beets, thought the salad was extraordinarily good. He also described his duck breast entree as tasting the way duck should taste. The other people in our group loved their seafood, saying the salmon, sea bass, and prawns tasted fresh caught, and were the best they ever had. For dessert, I had a great sticky toffee pudding. Another companion had the creme brulee and enjoyed that. Overall, Hewat's had a comfortable atmosphere, a friendly and attentive staff, and fantastic food. The next chance we get to visit this lovely country, we will be back to Hewat's.
5	We thoroughly enjoyed dining at Hewat's. The food was first rate Scottish cuisine and the staff was very nice. Don't be fooled by the exterior. This is a first rate place.
