3	This friday's has been recently remodelled, so it's nice and clean and new-looking even though it's been around for awhile.  The remodelling job itself SCREAMS trying to hard, but that's probably friday's corporate's fault.They will serve you your pecan crusted sicilian teriyaki quesadillas with green bean fries and cheesecake in a reasonable amount of time, and without any of the way, way, way over the top smarm that you might expect from a friday's waitstaff.  And you don't have to drive all the way up to North Prospect.Three stars is probably the maximum I am able to give to any friday's, anywhere, just out of principle, so this awarding of three stars should really say to you "best possible friday's."
3	Having 1 billion things on your menu doesn't make you a good restaurant.  I really have no idea why they have so many things...unless it is really just the same 8 basic ingredients reformatted for each entry.  But still, it hurts my head just to open the menu.  So I ordered the first picture i saw that looked appetizing - Fish Tacos.  Unfortunately, they ruined what would have probably been an awesome fish taco by leaving the fish in the fryer about 3 minutes too long.  There's nothing like a hard, dry, dark crunchy breading on dried out fish to make you think twice about ever ordering fish tacos again.  But there was an awesome sauce in a little cup on the plate - a  southwest style, hint of lime and cilantro dressing.  Delicious.  But our waiter sucked.  He actually yawned while repeating our order.  I mean, Come On.  I should have left him a $1 and told him to get some sleep.
2	We went here for lunch and ordered the endless soup, salad and bread sticks for $6.99. The broc. cheese soup was so bland and I seriously doubt there was any broccoli in it. The salad was good and so were the bread sticks. However, we were not asked if we wanted more. It's endless right? Wrong, not if they don't ask you if you want more. The server was invisible. Every time we wanted something we could not find our server. In fact, I think the only time we saw the server was when he brought the check. He also took my salad before I was done with. He just took it. He didn't bother to ask me if I was done with it. He just snatched it while I wasn't looking. Why?  There was still a lot left.It's close to where I work and the price was not bad for lunch. But, we were there for over an hour. They were so slow. It was also someone's birthday which reminds me that's another reason I would stay far away from here on my birthday
2	I was hesitant to come here, but it is super close to my fiance's work so we decided to go. I ordered a side salad and my fiance and I split an appetizer of nachos. They were really salty and just... well, not good. My salad was fine, but I had asked the waitress to put the dressing on the side, and instead it was slathered everywhere. We also split a burger, which was decent, but very very heavy. I think I maybe had 3 bites of it. My partner also ordered a drink special- a Long Island Iced Tea that came back to us blue! They said it was the "Illini" special, though I have no idea how seeing how our colors are orange and blue and not light bluish green... Bottom Line: Save your money and support a local restaurant instead!
3	Fridays is Fridays.  We had to wait a bit on a Saturday night, but service was very good and fast.  I don't know what people expect of the food.  It's a chain restaurant, not gourmet.  I was just excited that my side salad wasn't all iceberg - bonus!
5	Absolutely the best fried chicken in town.  The only problem is that they serve it only on Sunday.  We have very limited places in Champaign that serve good fried chicken.  No Popeye's, no Church's and the chicken they serve at KFC is really fried pigeon, just the worst.  The wait staff is extremely friendly and the place is always clean.  This place has real good food.
3	We always seem to have the Jack Daniels ribs. they are so good they melt in your mouth. We have had other items on the menu, but the ribs are to die for.....
1	I refuse to go to TGI Friday's in Champaign anymore. I've been here around 4 times, and it's just not worth it. For the price, there are lots of other places to get a good meal in the area.I'm very forgiving when it comes to service. I know that servers and waitstaff have a demanding job, and I tip well even for mediocre service. However, truly bad service is inexcusable. I came with a couple of friends and ordered a frozen margarita. When my drink was brought out, the server spilled the entire drink all over me. This isn't what bothers me. At another restaurant I'd be totally willing to forgive and forget. It happens. Her reaction was what soured the experience. She gave me a half-hearted, insincere apology and brought me out two extra napkins. Mind you, the full drink was all over my lap and running down my leg - not a two-napkin fix. I asked for more napkins, and it took a couple minutes, but she did come back. She offered to make a new drink, but I told her to forget it and bring me an iced tea. She did, and the meal was fine. The food is alright, but nothing spectacular. I had a cheeseburger and fries, and it was pretty good. I liked the fried green bean appetizer with wasabi ranch sauce quite a bit. The real shock came at the end of the meal. We had separate checks, and not only was I never offered a discount or compensation for the server's mistake, but she tried to charge me for the margarita! I've had waiters slip up elsewhere, and while I don't think it's necessary to offer a discount, it sure is appreciated, especially when I've spent nearly an hour eating my meal and covered in sticky, cold margarita, through no fault of my own. A manager eventually came over to speak with me about the bill, and he ended up comping our appetizer and my iced tea. Still, the server's poor attitude ruined what could have been a pleasant evening out. I won't be back.
2	Disappointed.  Normally things here are ok - nothing fantastic.Yesterday, I ordered carryout Chipotle Yucatan salad for lunch.  The menu said the salad included cilantro and avocado.  The salad was pretty small compared to what I have gotten in the restaurant in the past.  I got exactly 3 TINY chunks of avocado and ZERO cilantro.  For $10, I expected a bigger salad and it should have plenty of ingredients.In addition, it was a hot MESS.  Looked like it was originally put into the 'dine in restaurant' bowl and someone realized it was carryout and then just scraped it into the styrofoam box.
5	I have been to this TGIF at least 10 times with my wife, and I will be coming back. The waiters are always attentive, the food is really delicious, especially their sirloins. The prices are also very reasonable. I like the atmosphere of this restaurant a lot, and the wall decorations are very cool. I would recommend it to my friends.
4	very little to complain about with TGI Fridays.  i am always able to get an item that is no longer on the menu (blackened Cajun chicken sandwich) and the menu is constantly changing.  Always worth a visit a few times a month.
1	Horrible, horrible, horrible.  Do not go here.  The service was bad and the food was worse.  I know it is to be expected that chain food is not going to blow my mind, but I truly am not a picky eater.  I love chain food but this place is awful.  I doubt I will ever go back to a TGI Fridays at any location.We got the 2 for $10 deal.  The appetizers were large, but nothing special, clearly just frozen and thrown in a deep fryer. I ordered some sort of pasta Alfredo with chicken.  It was one of the smallest portions I've ever gotten in a  restaurant.  The pasta was so overcooked it was mushy.  The Alfredo was caked onto the bottom of the plate, to the point were most of it would not come off.  The chicken was so overcooked I could barely cut into it. Not the mention the place is constantly crawling with college kids, making ti so loud you can barely have a conversation.Save yourself the time and money and avoid this place.
4	The food at Friday's is a much better quality than the other similar type chains.
3	Solid.
1	Closed.
5	Well I forgot I had posted that it was closed. I managed to get them to come back to Champaign, ILThey are now located up by the Market Place Mall. The store is a lot bigger, and their new crew is fantastic !The  food is. Well... What can you say......ITS FRIDAYS........Order the Jack Daniels ribs. You won't be disappointed !
