4	This is our favorite place to go hang out for some drinks. We always sit in the bar area because we love the bartenders here. They make the best drinks and are such friendly folks.Some of the food is good too...but we mostly come for the drinks. Highly recommend their signature drink...The Presidente Margarita...yummy!! They also have some happy hour specials and some other great drinks as well.Go check this place out!!
5	When I need a quick lift and a satisfying meal...Chili's has my business.  Our Chili's is full of good food, good service and a pulse that says there's life between the walls of the establishment.  The Chili's staff are always friendly and efficient and the menu has lots of options for a variety of appetites.  It's just a nice, comfortable place to replenish my energy bank!
5	This is still my favorite local place to go have drinks and they still have the same great bartenders after all these years..two of my favorites are Bomber and Toby. The food is always decent, but I have in recent months been trying to eat more healthy and decided to get their Margarita Chicken. It was soooo delicious!!! The chicken was marinated in citrus juices and spices, then grilled, put on a bed of rice and black beans, and topped with pico de gallo. Highly recommended this dish regardless if you are on a diet or not. They also have very friendly servers here and a great management team!! You can also order online or by phone for pick-up or you can get delivery from You Buy and We Fly
4	In my own mind, I have something of a three-tiered system.  For restaurants that try to be top quality, that's one tier.  For sit-down chain restaurants, that's another tier.  And then for fast food restaurants, that's another tier entirely.Yesterday we ate at this Chili's; that would be a tier two kind of place.  For that tier, they have to beat Denny's.  Chili's manages that very well.Yesterday, I had this soup that was new to me, a sweet corn soup, which I found to be excellent; I followed it with their standard bacon cheeseburger, which they overcooked a bit.  Edible.  I'm not fond of their french fries, though.  I think that they taste like they'd been frozen and then fried.  Overall, for me it was a good experience.OTOH, my wife wasn't at all happy with her sandwich which consisted of steak in a pita roll; her meat was burned.Comparing to Denny's, this was much better.  Comparing to the meal that we'd had the night before at a gourmet restaurant, this was much worse.  So, there you are.
1	"MEthinks not?"  NO!! I KNOW NOT!!  This Chili's will not get another dollar from my pocket.  I have given them 3 and 4 chances and it NEVER gets better.  Every meal has come to me cold.  The drinks.....BAD. Even desert sucked.  I am a very fair person and I have given them the last chance.  The service is even lacking......the servers spend more time playing with each other rather than doing their jobs.  It is more than frustrating to hear that your food is up and they are giggling about the GREAT time they had the night before in the club's bathroom with some random guy.  While I enjoy a great "club bathroom sex story" like the next girl....I would prefer that I had hot GOOD food while I am hearing about it and trying to explain to my 10 year old that it IS NOT OK to do that!!  LMFAO!!Again.....don't waste your money, time, or taste buds on this particular Chili's.BUT!!!  If you are looking for a good time story and cold ass shrimp this is the place for you!
3	I really don't have much to say about this one, but if you are going to the movie theater that is located in the same center, it is a good place to grab a drink or a bite. I take my niece on our "girls day out" movie trips here for lunch and she enjoys it. I usually have a grilled chicken salad and she always has a pizza, so I can't really say that I have tried what they are famous for.. since I don't eat pork, but the atmosphere is always high energy and the servers are usually pretty good and fast.
4	How do you review a National chain like this? The food is...well, Chili's. If you like eating at other Chili's you will like this (duh). I give it four stars because it is very nice on the inside and not nearly as tacky as most other Chili's, the atmosphere is cool and modern.
3	Chili's "  what can I say..The foods good, prices are average for grill and bar type restaurant .My wife and I enjoy sitting in the lounge area most of the time because of the fact you can just grab a high top table without waiting.I've been going to this location for a few years now, food always good.The problem is, even when their not busy your sitting there waiting for someone to come over as much for 5 to 10 minutes.  I've seen people get up and walk on more than one occasion for lack of service. Where's the floor mgr of this place .The servers are friendly enough when their there but they pull more disappearing acts than Houdini.  This has been a consistent problem at this location. (bar area)They just recently did an inside and outside makeover which really looks great and chic (New York style)  really cool!!Ok"  Iam being nit picky here, but they took the high top table in the far corner And  replaced it with Handicap table, although I totally agree with the need for handicap tables , I cannot understand the placement of this one.  I've seen handicap patrons trying to maneuver through the high tops trying to get to this table.  Like an obstacle course.  Wouldn't it make more sense to locate this table to the entrance of the lounge for easier access for the handicap, for safety reasons?
2	Its Chilis and you know what you are getting before you walk thru the door.  I like the chicken enchilada soup and ceasar salad.  I had to wait for my soup because they were making more and when I did get it...well it was so watery that I didnt eat it.  My salald was good.  Sat in the bar and the batender was friendly.
4	Nice visit.  Quick Service and good food.
3	Meehh...this place is aiight. Came here for happy hour only to be disappointed by their limited selection. Even the beers are are scarce. If I were you, I would walk across the lot and go to Fridays. At least they have IPA there.
4	Came with appetizers and soup.  Just wanted to munch on something small.  The tables were so close, I had to have my husband move the table so I can breathe.  The server was good.  The food was good.  Got the trio-sampler:  Southwest eggrolls, chicken wings, and potato skin.  I got the chicken enchilda soup.
3	Maybe this isn't my week because this is the 2nd time in as many days that I've eaten out and encountered substandard help from the staff but this time the customer to staff ratio really made it ludicrous that I'm having to point this out.I walked into this location around 3pm, aside from me there was 1 customer at the bar and 1 table I was customer # 3. Right when I walked in I went to the restroom to wash up and when I came back I found the hostess stand empty. As I had walked back to the bathroom there was a pair of the wait staff eating in the back customer table by the bathrooms and exit, don't bother to look up and say hi or anything they just kept on doing their thing. After leaving the restroom I passed 1 table occupied by a female manager that faced the front door, she was busy in paperwork but also oblivious to the fact that someone was standing there, waiting to be seated only 15 feet directly in front of her, not once did she look up or she would have called someone or taken care of it herself. From the hostess stand you see directly into the bar area, 1 customer was seated at the bar, 2 employee's were sitting at the booth directly line of sight from the hostess station, they glanced over several times and made no attempt to ask if I needed something. After 3 minutes (I know this because I was counting 30 second commercials on ESPN) the bartender finally poked her head up and asked me if I needed anything, yes I'd like to be seated and have lunch. I won't rip her too badly because I sat in her section and she did take care of me well, to the point where I left her a 5 dollar tip, however the fact that 5 front room staff who were only taking care of 4 customers couldn't see it fit to take 10 seconds and do what they are supposed to do almost had me walking out. The food is basic Chili's, honestly never really had a bad meal there but it's important to point out that even with a manager a few feet away and an empty restaurant, I was left hanging, almost walked out and once that happens, it will be a long time before I come back... there are too many choices in a small area and Chili's is not exactly the best of the best of them.
3	Compared to other Chili's, I think it deserves 4 stars.  Then again, I haven't gone to a Chili's in a long time.  I saw a sign as I was walking in that they've made changes to the decor.  Looks nice!!  Chili's food in general compared to other foods?  I gave it 3 stars.  I've never had chili from Chili's so I thought I'd give it a try.  Meh.  We got their 3 appetizer as well and it was yummy.  Overall, I'd say if you like Chili's, I think this one is great.  If you are a Chili's fan, you're not missing out.  Simple as that.
2	It's Chili's I didn't go in with overwhelming expectations but we were hungry and wanted something quick. Service was very slow, food came out a bit cold.  It felt like it was sitting on the warmer for a while because the food was cold in the middle but the plates where really warm.  This was especially surprising since there were 2 people working our area but only a few other tables had anyone sitting there.Overall we won't be back, but in all honesty it's not a regular stop for us anyway.
3	Clean, Friendly Servers & a great Lunch deal.I ordered soup & half sandwich... The food came out rather quickly, which was nice since I only have a n hour lunch.  It was a bit slow, but maybe it was just because Thanksgiving was around the corner.
1	Service is very slow.  Took over 15 minutes before our server ever came out
1	If I never want to sit in a Chili's for 3 hours I won't go to this location anymore. Only 3 of us. 2 adults 1 preteen and he's very hungry boy who loves Chili's and knows exactly what he wants. The waiter was thought he know better what we should have and not in a helpful way. Our boy ordered his usual hot wings and when we asked if he wanted anything else the waiter butted in and said "Oh, you'll have plenty to eat" Well, he's old enough to know how much he can eat with no help from the staff. Then he told us we needed cocktails. Uh, no we wanted sodas/tea. He never noticed we only had 2 place settings even when we finally got our appetizer (messy) so we shared forks and napkins. I walked around trying to find some sugar for my iced tea and after I asked for some it was awhile until I got it. We then sat and watched 3 new tables order and get their meal while we waited. It seriously wasn't anymore busy for our waiter then the others. We finally received our meal and the waiter was surprised we asked if our son could have some silverware/napkins with his meal. it barely made it on our table as he flew past with it. Our drinks were empty before we got our meal (HUGE deal for me) but we eventually got refills. When done our son wanted his usual cheesecake. We had to nearly beg the waiter to let us order him dessert (he's 12) and then he was made to feel bad when the waiter just couldn't believe he didn't want the hot pan cookie/icream thing. He's had the darn thing before!  Then as we watched more tables come and go we finally got our check THEN waited for the guy to take the money. I had to actually make it super visible since he didn't get the hint when the tray sat at the edge of the table forever. Then he came over complaining about "Women"! and something about seeing the movie "The Hobbit" as he then went on to tell us he owed us $.70  Hello, I'm a woman and I want to see the movie!  I would have paid $7.70 to get the heck out of there.  Went in the bathroom and toilets were unflushed and the silk flowers had long term dust on them. ICK!  I do have to say the food was good though. Also hot so at least we got that part.
2	Uhg. I have not gone to Chili's in a few years. The service is poor, food is so-so, and priced a bit high for what you're getting. And recently I tried them again.. they are consistently disappointing.Waited 15 minutes after sitting for drinks. Waited 40 minutes to order. Received food 1hr 15min after sitting. My burger was good but the onion rings were cold and mushy. Will not be back.For the record, I like Fridays, Red Robin, and Applebees.
1	DIRTY!! Both the floors and bathrooms, who knows about the kitchen. Just in the bar area alone you could see, from the waiting area, napkins, fries, chips, crayons, even an eaten rib on the floor! Went and used the restroom and you could see scuff marks and napkins all over the floor, plus no where to hang your purse, disgusting, it's like they don't even care! After seeing all of that we definitely didn't want to eat there, walked in then right back out. Chili's seems to have lower their standards over the years :( left dissapointed and hungry. Thankfully with so many other restaurants in the area it was easy to find somewhere else to better spend my money.
5	Good size margaritas with plenty of alcohol for $3.99 during happy hour!!! Doesn't get better than that...
4	We often go to enjoy the happy hour specials, but even the 2 for $20 meal deal is good. Free chips and salsa and good cold beer keep us coming back. The only issue I had on most recent visit was because I ordered a house margarita that tasted awful. So bad in fact I could not finish it...that must be bad! We love the Texas Cheese Fries and the chips are delish. Next time I will be sticking to the ice cold beer!
1	Went for lunch and sat in the bar area. The Good: Cleanliness was good and service was above average. So far so good...The Bad: Ordered Fajitas Trio with no beans or rice, as I have ordered countless times at other Chili's. Order came out in a timely manner.... but the food was simply terrible. My stomach churns just remembering it. So for those who don't know, Fajitas Trio is chicken, steak and shrimp on a hot skillet with sliced onions and bell peppers. First, the chicken came out with no grill marks, looking like a frozen breast that somebody had thrown into some hot water to cook. Zero grill marks.. I mean, can we at least PRETEND it was grilled? Isn't it supposed to sizzle like in the commercials? The chicken didn't even get grilled on the hot skillet!Which brings me to the skillet... it wasn't hot! How are you going to serve fajitas with a lukewarm skillet? Booo! Get outta here Chilis! The onions and bell peppers looked (and tasted) like they had been pulled from the freezer too since they had no crunchiness at all. Shrimp is obviously frozen (this is AZ after all). The pico de gallo, guac and shredded lettuce all looked a few days past their best by date. You know how good things are more than a sum of their parts? This was LESS than a sum... each item was bad but collectively, it was a terrible meal especially at the price point ($15!).So maybe my memory has failed and the food was always this bad, but something tells me that this was an exceptionally poor representation. My friend ordered an appetizer sampler and said the sliders were meh (only ate one) as were the egg rolls. Summary: low quality food, poor preparation. Don't go here, try any other restaurant!
5	Upon first arrival we noticed Brooklyn and her magnificent hair!Our server Michael was handsome and polite.We started off with the caso dip and chips.  SO very delicious.
4	Great service from the bar staff!  Happy hour at Chili's in Goodyear is fun even before the drinks are consumed.  Toby and Rebecca are awesome and there are two others that provide great service; however I cannot recall their names. Service in the dining room was so so the last time that I had it.
4	I don't usually go to chain restaurants, but sometimes when you want a menu with variety you have to. This Chili's location is an exception. The food could be horrible and I'd still go for one not so simple reason, the bartender. He has the Cheers vibe. For those of you whipper snappers who don't know the Cheers reference, Google it. The bartender always remembers us even if it has been over a year. He's loyal and has a knack for knowing what subject to converse about. A great bartender can change the way food tastes. Keep up the great work Toby.
1	Not a great lunch at usually reliable Chili's. They have these lunch combo deals, but most aren't full servings and the prices are either $6-$8.  The choices are limited and my first choice was unsuccessful. I would skip the opening salad and go for soup because the salad was dreadful with the croutons being the highlight. I had to return the new Chipotle Chicken Bowl thingy because the strips of chicken were full of fat and this was one of the worst renditions of a bowl meal, plus it wasn't even in a bowl. Anyway, I went for the $6 BLT and that was two strips of bacon, shredded lettuce and one tomato on the ole pretzel bun (it is half a sandwich). The fries were good and Melissa was a nice bartender, but no more lunch at Chili's, even though the price was only $6.50 total.
3	Can't get enough of the Fajitas. Very yummy, beers are always cold and on point. Your typical corporate restraunt chain. Get the same no matter where you go. I always stop in when I'm indecisive on what I want to eat, so my fall back is Chili's.  Yum.
3	First time going to this particular chilis. Seems about the same as any other except they were out of veggie burgers. First time that's happened in many years of ordering it at every chilis I've ever been to. Not a great first impression.
3	Just kind of average .... no surprises In the land of ubiquitous sit down chains, Chilis could be considred one of the leaders if not the king. On my visit to Chilis I ordered the queso dip and chicken dippers and my friend ordered the half rack of ribs with dry rub and a side order of barbecue sauce. My chicken dippers were somewhat greasy and the queso dip just didn't taste right .  My friends ribs were tasty but not a lot of meat on them. The waitress replaced the chicken dippers and gave me the spinach dip instead of the queso, and it was good. The meal was definitely disappointing. The best part of the meal was the service, which was quick and friendly.
1	Where to start....1) we were sat by the bathroom where all you can smell is the urinal cakes. 2) our server seemed like he couldn't get rid of us fast enough, basically throwing things on the table as he ran by yo all his other tables. 3) our food was terrible and apparently they think more with less means you pay MORE for LESS food. 4) the automatic pay machine was a nice touch until it automatically suggested a 20% tip, not going to happen. 5) we won't be back the best part of the evening was leaving.
3	The restaurant is nice. Unfortunately my steak and fries were way over salted. My partners meal was just ok. I want to like this restaurant but the times I have eaten there, the food has been disappointing.
5	Irregardless of the Chilis we go to the food is delicious, hot, & the staff are always very pleasant! Guac. Is def. fresh! I really don't know why Applebee's is still in business with Chilis in business! Btw the guac. Burger & sweet potato fries is the business!!!!
