5	Brad Jaffe and his Dogological is a wonderful place to learn and develop your partnership with your canine companion. Brad's method of using the dog's intelligence so that the dog learns human-speak, brings training to a new level. I have worked with dogs and horses for decades and only wish that I had this experience sooner. There are a couple of quotes from Brad's interviews and material - "The most basic thing people can do is to understand how their dogs think and learn, which is by cause-and-effect and trial-and-error. They don't learn by words until we teach them what words mean - just like a child."  and then about his training -  "My training is about teaching people how to get crystal-clear communication with their dogs. I help them learn that with the simple techniques I can teach them, they start communicating with their dogs in a way the dogs understand and begin to work as a partnership. It makes things so much easier because it gives the dog the privilege to think things through and figure out things on their own, without us spoon-feeding them or intimidating them into it." Dogological step-by-step process is for the person who wants a well-behaved canine partner, or even wants to go further into therapy or service dog training.
5	Brad came to my home today for a private dog training session..  We have a very bored Australian Shepherd who barks at everyone and their pets along with pulling on the leash when we try and take fun walks with her.  He showed us how to distract her on walks and with a longer leash we can train her to not pull.  Brad taught us hide and go seek games to play with her and gave us many useful tools to stimulate her so that she is not bored and has a more happy and fulfilling life.Brad has the nicest calm personality and we liked him immediately.  If you have pets with behavior issues, please give him a call.
5	When you meet Brad for the first time, you'll immediately see and experience his true passion for dogs!  My wife and I have hired Brad on several occasions for personal training sessions and have recently completed a group training at his Arcadia location.  His style of training; allowing the dog to learn and think for themselves, I feel, is unique to the industry and is definitely subscribed to by both my wife and I.  There is no yelling, no shock collars, and no overpowering your dog and this is the style that suited us perfectly.  We worked with Brad with our 2 older Boston Terrier rescues that came into Brad's training with little to no training or discipline in the past.  Although our dogs have a little bit yet to go, we feel confidant that we have the knowledge to work with them in the manner in which we prefer to get them fully trained and on track!
5	We adopted our dog through a dog rescue almost two years ago. When we adopted her she was 8 weeks old and was petrified of other dogs. She only gravitated towards people. We were told the best thing we could do for her well being for now and in the future was to get her socialized with other puppies. We were referred to Brad by a co-worker who utilized Brad for his dog training as well. Thank god we found him!  We attended several of his puppy socialization classes and also had him come to our home for private dog training classes. I can 100% say that the puppy socialization was with out a doubt the best decision we made! When we adopted her she was very loving to us but absolutely freighted of other dogs. To have seen her at her first puppy socialization class of Brads she was a scared and shy puppy and would not leave my husbands side. To see in person the progression of a scared little puppy to a happy playful puppy who wanted to play with every dog in the room was so amazing. Our now 2 year old pup is so social and loves to play. We credit this all from our early decision to get her socialized in Brads class. Brad gives equal attention to all puppies in the class and makes all feel included.  He has a connection with the puppies/dogs that you can immediately see. Also helps to get advice from him on the early puppy stages:). We would defiantly utilize Brad in the future and highly recommend him to all for puppy socialization and dog training.
