5	Manager was extremely courteous and professional.... He cares a lot about customer satisfaction. I would definitely recommend this location. If any part of the service is unsatisfactory, the manager will immediately make it right.
4	This would be my second brake service with them. Both times they did a great job in a timely matter. Both times the guys were polite and answered all questions without being annoyed or trying to sell me something I didn't need. After the inspection of coarse they came back with some things my vehicle needed. To be expected, that's what they do. I am not a mechanic but i know the basics.The recommendations were legit. Although I passed on all and just had the brakes done cause that's all the budget would allow. I have been happy both times and those times were on two different vehicles about 5 years apart. Fair price,good service. going back in a few weeks to get the rear brakes done next. Thanks guys.
5	Was extremely pleased with their service! They fixed my brakes (from problems I was having from the previous techs who installed it recently) I got a new battery for a decent price.  The manager was extremely nice and helpful and did an excellent job with customer service!  This team was friendly, courteous, and professional.  And the wait time was excellent.  Less than an hour!
5	I needed an oil change and to replace spark plugs in my car on a Saturday. Went to a couple of other shops in the area but no one could get me in for the day. Went to Master Brakes which is right by where I workout. I walked in and was greeted by Jerry who said he'd get me in and out TODAY even if they had 20 cars. Went to the gym to kill time. Jerry called and said I needed a couple more plugs and they gave me a ride to get them! Even better, when I returned and waiting in the lobby, a lady had been in there for several hours and another repairman came in, acknowledged she had been waiting awhile, and offered to take her to get something to eat and offered to pay! This place definitely knows what customer service means aside from providing excellent repair services. Highly recommend! I will be back!
5	Best customer service in awhile!!!!! Didn't wait long at all, they were very nice and made me feel comfortable and offered tips. Will visit again if needed:)
1	These guys are crooks and deceiving liars. Do not go here! I went in today to get a quote of brakes, they broke my window and claimed it just fell after shutting my door, then they added about ten other things to the quote, one of the things being my rear shocks leaking, and have the quote telling me it would be for the original same shocks that on our the truck, these guys do not even know their vehicles. He quoted me for the bottom of the line shock, knowing my truck comes standard with bilstein shocks. They would not listen to me when I said "no" put my vehicle back together and I am leaving. Continued on and on with ridiculous prices. Do not go here!  They are scum of the scum.  You can know that I will never come back.
1	They told me about an hour the brake service would be done. It took 3 hours and 41 minutes to finish it. The pads that they sold me were not here; they had to go pick them up. When I went to ask why they told me it would take one hour, he said that he hasn't told me that, calling me a liar. Don't go somewhere they lie to you. Price was above average by the way.
5	great customer service.
5	Went in soon after they opened in the morning. Was in and out within an hour. Brakes already feel and sound much better. Quick, professional service, and only got repairs done on what was needed.
2	I've been going to this location for over 2 years and I love the service I always receive. However, today, the guy behind the desk was rude and condescending. He rolled his eyes at me when I answered his questions and just brushed me off. I didn't get a sticker to say how many miles I need my next oil change to and just everything was off. I'm going to be finding a new brake masters because if this is any indication of how things are going to be now on, I don't want to get scammed or treated like an idiot.
5	I hate mechanic shops. I'm the son of a dealership service manager. I know what needs to be done and how to do it right.I usually do work myself for the above reasons but was feeling lazy. This was the 3rd shop I talked to. They did a job for for $250 less than the next cheapest quote. No song and dance. You will get charged fair price for parts and while the labor per hour isn't cheap, it is in line with the area average.
3	The experience was pleasant but I took my car to my mechanic a week or two later to get my brakes replaced.  They told me that I was about a quart low on oil which is disappointing.  It's a hassle to go back and ask them to fill it completely.
