4	Bold colors and one-of-a-kind tops that will make you stand out. Reasonable prices, and some funky jewelry. They've also got some classic pieces, like the awesome black Fall jacket that I fell in love with - definitely the kind of piece to add to your wardrobe that you will get lots of use out of, and under $100. The girls who work here are friendly, and they've got a decent size sale section in the back. I saw some great summer finds - go get 'em ladies!
5	Took my wife here based on Allesandra's review (as well as lunch at meZ) -- thanks a lot. The clothes are very cute and more of the one of a kind types. My wife loved the selection and bought 3 dresses ranging from $40 to $60, several t shirts that were very colorful and unique, and some fun jewelry. The service was great. We will definitely be back!
5	I stopped in the Belle Ville in Birkdale over the weekend and bought my girlfriend a few really nice shirts and jewelry.  The pricing is affordable (especially in this market) but its cool stuff. (not your mom's chico clothing line! Ha!)  Anyway I would def recommend it when you are in the Charlotte area.  Friendly staff, very nice unique clothing items and reasonably priced.  I think there are 3 of them in Charlotte area.
4	I needed a last minute gift for my wife was happy to find Belle Ville downtown near Whiskey River and that shopping complex and bought a few tops and pants that are very cool and fit her style perfectly... The girls went out of their way to help me and the price is right for sure... I will be going back there when I am town next month with her! Thanks Belle Ville
4	Chic, chic, chic!  I really like this place and any time I'm looking for a really fly top, Belle Ville is my first stop and they never disappoint.  Eye popping gear for that special event without the worry of someone else showing up with a duplicate:-). The sales associates are fashionista's and very helpful.  With so few shopping venues uptown, Belle Ville is a great find.
1	I use to love this store when they had the orginal owers but now since the new owners have  taking over..... the Style, Uniqness, and Quality  is not there!!!!  Please go back to purchasing clothes like the orginal owners did.....i see why the other 2 stores have closed and it want suprise me if the one in Birkdale closes too. They need new Buyers....
