1	Every stereotype of a mechanic shop taking advantage of an eighty year old woman was in play recently when my mother was able to spend more than her pension check after taking her car in for an coupon oil change!  DO NOT GO THERE!
5	I am thrilled to know that trustworthiness still matters and that local businesses like Greulich's still exist! I spoke with Jim at the Elliot Road location about getting a repair quote and mentioned that I would compare it with the local dealership servicing my young car. The dealer had refused to cover the repair in spite ongoing warranty coverage and Jim's quote was less than half the amount. This is great, but not a big surprise for anyone who has had the pleasure of exorbitant non-warranty dealership services. What struck me was that, before he even put together the quote, Jim first talked to me like a customer he wanted to keep for the longterm rather than just a sale he wanted to make today. Specifically, he provided technical details and advice on how to talk to the dealer about the problem; in his view, it was a problem that any car maker with integrity should take the responsibility for repairing. Jim was indeed right; his advice enabled me to successfully challenge the dealer's decision and obtain the repair via my warranty. So this is an odd review because I never had my car in the shop but I think my experience shows why this local business has thrived in the valley for so long. I won't hesitate to take my cars here if and when the time comes.
1	Thought I'd give their new location a try. Big mistake. They left the drain plug loose on my engine. Thank God I saw it leaking when I got back to work. I called to talk w manager. He could have cared less. I don't recommend this shop at all. Go elsewhere.
5	my 2007 Jeep Wrangler had developed a rather horrible noise and smell. I had taken it in to the greulichs auto repair shop in Tempe for an inspection and was greeted at the door by Jason and they were able to take a look at the problem right away. John the mechanic had found that the left rear axle bearing had came apart causing severe damage to the rear end of the Jeep. Jason had offered to get me a ride home and give me a call with the estimates. Jason called me about an hour later with the not so good news and I had made several calls to check pricing, and what I had found is that they were real close if not cheaper then most of the places I called, and even offered a better warranty then everyone else I checked with (2year 24,000 mile warranty). Overall I am very pleased with the service I received front not only the service adviser (Jason), but the quality of service from John the mechanic and the shuttle driver (Allen). A+ rating from me. I will gladly refer anyone and everyone to give them a try. Thanks again for the great service.
1	They charged me $150 for $60 worth of transmission fluid, they must not realize how easy it is to look up the parts in their invoices. I can understand a business marking up parts, but almost 3x markup is just greedy
5	Stopped into Greulichs for my second visit for a clunking noise in my front end of my Jeep. They greeted me at the door. Got my jeep in right away for the inspection and found the upper and lower ball joints were about to fall apart. They gave me a ride home and picked me up when the car was complete and still cost me less then anyone else I checked with, and still manage to offer me a nationwide 2 year 24000 mile warranty. I can't tell you how happy I am I found this place. They treat you with respect and stand behind everything they do.
5	I first took my car into my local greulichs just for a regular oil change. The service was efficient and and costly compared to most places. I started receiving emails from then on and have found these emails and coupons to be the best! I save so much on car services now just because they always have a new offer. If you don't receive the emails, you can go on their website and most of the coupons are there as well. This is a great automotive company and I am so happy I have found one that I can trust.
