5	Quirky, kewl, good espresso.
3	I came here when I had some down time before meeting a friend for brunch farther down Atwood.  It looked like a funky atmosphere and I think they had a "free wifi" sign, so I came in.I had hot chocolate.  It was a fairly standard hot chocolate, no swanky dark chocolate and no spices added.Weirdly, I could better pick up the wifi signal of the bike shop next door, and couldn't connect to Zoma's own network.  So I used the bike shop's wifi, drank my hot chocolate, and went on my way.  I later noticed that they have a garden patio out back and a long set of bike racks out by the bike path that runs behind the cafe.  It's probably a great place to bicycle and enjoy a morning mocha on the patio, assuming the mosquitoes aren't too voracious.I'd give another star if the hot chocolate were more flavorful and another star if the wifi worked, which I imagine it usually does.
4	The patio is as heavenly place to spend a day off in. The appeal of riding my bike up the path right to the patio is fantastic. I love that they offer different varieties of iced tea besides your regular black. My only criticism is that I had to wait a long time for my sandwich - it seemed like the ingredients weren't readily available (tomatoes had to be sliced first). Sounds picky, but I used to work at a coffee shop and it's crucial to have all of your sandwich items ready to go.EDIT: CLOSING? Nooooo!
2	I have only been to cafe Zoma once, and I didn't even order anything.  My friends got coffee to go, and there were two customers ahead of them in line.  I had no idea that it could take a half hour to serve four people coffee, but the Clap your Hands Say Yeah listening idiots behind the counter at Cafe Zoma made it possible.I gave this place an extra star because my friends thought their coffee was pretty good.
5	What can I say. I love this place! Great coffee, great atmosphere, great staff, the other customers are even great! I do wish they would get gluten-free yummies but other than that the non gf baked goods look and smell insanely delicious. They have really good deals running throughout the week too.
4	For the full Zoma experience you must arrive by bike path, strolling past yards of community garden sunflowers and zukes. You must enter through Zoma's magical backyard patio full of novel-readers and puppies. I recommend the iced chai or lemonade.Also, for a pretty penny there are smoothies made with real fruit!
4	Zoma has a great vibe, what with the art gallery, the patio and the furnishings. But, like anything truly worthwhile, you can't expect Zoma to do all the work. Take a step towards Zoma and Zoma will take a step towards you.The coffee is good. They're buying from Espresso Royal now. The miel I had was fine. Nothing spectacular. I had to ask after the bagel I'd ordered after about twenty minutes. However, the staff was warm and friendly.If I were in a hurry, and needed a cup I probably wouldn't choose Zoma. However, whenever I have an hour or two and want to sip tea while soaking in the atmosphere, Zoma's the place for me. The fact that there's easy access from the bike path just adds to the bucket of coolness that's in the corner.
3	A mixed bag... In some ways, I preferred the homey feel of the previous owners, though their service was terrible and the food even worse.  The new management has the trains running on time, so to speak, with a cleaner, generally welcoming vibe to the place.  The only thing I absolutely loathe about the place is the freakin' VOLUME on the stereo -- the kids who work at this place insist on blasting the stereo loud enough that it's hard to have a conversation inside sometimes.  Especially during non-peak hours when, I suppose, they think they can just goof off?  I dunno, I love many things about this place but find myself coming here much less often than I thought I would after they re-opened.
2	It's a nice place in a great location, but the coffee is a let down. It's kind of bland, even when you get an extra shot of espresso to toughen it up. I'm not sure if it was me or the coffee, but I had terrible indigestion after having the coffee here. I noticed becaues based on my schedule, I would get my coffee here some days, and other days at McDonalds. Never on the McDonald's days, but always on the Zoma days, my stomach let the world know it wasn't doing too well. It happened too much to be coincidence. Anyhow, I guess if I'm in a bind I'll get my coffee here, but I think for now I'll take a pass :(
3	This place is great for location and outdoor seating and the coffee and prices are very good. But Zoma has a lot of unused potential. The outdoor area is too shabby and is situated by HVAC equipment. Tables are perched on patches of mud which should be round patios like in other parts of the "backyard." I'm told, however, that things are going to be fixed up nicely this summer, so I'm ready to change my review when that happens.
3	This is a pretty standard, cozy, friendly coffee shop. I was pleased to see that they had two vegan baked goods (though one of them was sold out---a blueberry muffin). I ended up with a piece of zucchini walnut bread ($2.11 with tax) which was a great deal considering how big a slice they gave.The bread itself wasn't perfect---it was a bit hard, though I suspect that's because it was a day old. Popping it into the microwave fixed that up pretty well.The service at the counter was really friendly.
4	Cafe Zoma is great! I love that most people come in through the door from the bike path instead of the street! My mocha was good and strong and the grade school art was a great addition to the colorful walls and furniture! I was there for quite a while so I had a scone (blueberry and it was amazing!) and a turkey sandwich. I was a little disappointed that the sandwiches are pre-made but despite that fact it was a very good sandwich! Can't wait to go back this summer to sit out in the back and try one of their smoothies!
5	I love Cafe Zoma. I just discovered this place about two months ago and have visited about a dozen times since then. I really love the outside yard in the back where there are several tables and a play area for kids. This is very important to me since I have a one year old and a two year old. I also love the access from the bike path. I would highly recommend a smoothie, they are great. However, if I go in before work I usually get a Cubano, cause I need to caffeine to help wake me up in the early mornings. I've also had two different sandwiches and both were very hearty and delicious.When I go I'm usually there between 7am and 8:30 am and I've never had to wait more than a few minutes for my drink. I will actually come here over Starbucks when I'm in hurry because Zoma is always quicker.I'm giving five stars even though I have had one problem with a drink I ordered not being hot enough, not even close to the temperature of the times that I ordered the drink before. However, I'm am not counting that against their rating since the employee I talked to about it was great and offered to give me a free drink the next time I came in.I think that have a great staff and great customer service. If you haven't been I highly suggest you stop by sometime and give it a try.
3	Everything about Zoma is, uh, OK. The coffee adequate if not excellent and not roasted here. The space quiet, if not warm. The chairs mostly comfortable but tables wobbly. It's not dirty, but not exactly spotless either (although I accept that for any coffee shop). On most visits, the counter staff are friendly and the outdoor space wonderful. I don't eat many treats here, but they smell terrific most days.
4	Wasn't this place and the attached art store featured in an episode of Portlandia?
3	Great place to get coffee and sit outside. Good specialty drinks:CubanoDulce de LecheBike here and sit with your dog outside!Great artist studio adjoined.Check out Revolution Cycles and a weird kinky clothing shop nearby.
5	I am a semi-regular customer here, as I live in the neighborhood. Other than the typical music as background noise, the place is relatively quiet and, for me, an ideal study spot on Sundays. Just enough sunlight comes through the rear doors. Past those doors is the popular outdoor seating. There are a few "Little Free Libraries." Bikers can appreciate the location, as it lies adjacent to the Capital City Trail. Electrical outlets are usually easy to access except during the busy hours when the seating along the wall is taken.
2	I don't get what all the hype is about. This seems to be a completely average coffee shop, with the added bonus of being off a bike path. So two stars for convenience. Coffee was, like I said, average. People behind the counter were indifferent at best. I asked for a 'cubano' based on previous reviews and was met with a blank stare and a 'what?!?', then told I could chose from the board. There was no cubano on the board. Maybe it's the same worker some other reviewers talked about, and possibly every other employee there is fantastic. But this has been my experience. Also, the food was a big disappointment. Even though they have a menu, when we tried to order from it we were pointed to the pre-made sandwiches in the display case. No veggi options, no choice of bread, just what was there, much like a Starbucks. Meh.
5	The most chill, relaxing, artistic coffee shop in Madison. Love the outdoor seating watching the bikers go by sipping on an iced tea. Their drinks are great. Service is nice, very polite staff. I also love that it's next to Absolutely Art.
3	I was next door shopping for some artwork when the aroma of freshly brewed coffee hit me. Absolutely Art and Cafe Zoma share a building; there's a very small hallway that joins the two.Zoma didn't appear to offer much by way of food; there were some scones and pastries, which looked very similar to those from Lazy Janes. I ultimately chose a cup of the regular coffee, which was quite tasty (it's from Espresso Royale).Staff was friendly and efficient. Looks like they have a great indoor and outdoor (along the bike trail) seating area.Tip: buy a pound of coffee beans and they'll give you a complimentary cup of your favorite coffee.
3	Dirty in the winter, understandable, don't like when I get a red eye and I have to put my own coffee in
4	I am strictly a tea drinker...and the choices here are lacking..but the atmosphere more than makes up for the poor tea selection.
4	Great local coffee shop! I love that it's right off the bike path - gives it a nice, neighborhood feel. Beautiful back patio and large glass doors for when the weather isn't ideal but you still want a view of the outdoors. The food and pastry options are minimal but the coffee is good and I usually only go there for a place to hang out and study. Theres a decent amount of seating but I have had trouble finding anywhere to sit several times already. I also love that they have a few games available as well, though I wouldn't complain if they added a few more options ;)
2	My chai wasn't as tasty as other places, but was drinkable. Friend said that it is not her experience...maybe a bad make.
4	What I liked:The coffee was good. I had a specialty seasonal beverage that the barista recommended. The walls were covered in art from local elementary school students - LOVED THIS.  It speaks to this shop's effort to be connected to the community.They're open later than most non-campus coffee shops.What I didn't like:It was freezing in the back of the coffee shop where all the premium seating is, but so hot in the front of the shop that the poor barista was sweating.  I had to wear my jacket the whole time, and never quite warmed up. I left earlier than I would have as a result.
