2	Not a huge fan of the overall disorderly atmosphere and inventory management, but food cooked on the premises is good, if a bit pricey. Service is hit or miss.
2	Packed place on weekends it seems, service VERY slow. Menus printed on blackboards, including the day's specials. Inside,the place looks like a reconstructed warehouse/kitchen. Wait staff appeared to be inexperienced and an older woman(proprietor)? had to keep a watchful eye and continuously give instructions. After waiting for 20 minutes, I made sure to flag a waiter, one who'd seen me but kept ignoring me as did the waitress. There were a number of young families and they were served quickly and attentively. Grrrr. The waiter could not tell me what my dish of pain perdu came with or what it really was, it took him another 10 minutes to get back to me, and he was still none the wiser! Not very confidence inspiring! The place kept filling up, patrons could not find a seat, as the place is small, and was overly full. My bowl of cafe au lait arrived 30 mintes later, LUKEWARM, NOT impressed! I was still waiting to be served, FINALLY, the proprietor herself served me, 55 minutes later, with aplogies. I had to flag down (again)the waitress, this time, to let her know my cafe au lait was now icy. She at least brought me another, no charge, again with apologies. The pain perdu was nothing more than 2 slices of sugared bread on top of a  fried/ scrambled ( a hasty job)  egg, with homestyle fried potatoes and 2 slices each of kiwi and orange. It was a treat to just finish, pay up, and leave, apologies or not. Prices comparable to what you'd pay downtown, but without the  expected service  There is also a small bakery/grocery on the premises.
2	The food is simple and can be acceptable but not for quality-price.  The service is relatively slow, so it would be wise to order a small appetizer beforehand.As for the atmosphere, they tried to incorporate the open ceiling concept with modern looks. Some might find it nice, some might find it chaotic.
