4	Forget about using your GPS to find a decent Starbucks anywhere near the Las Vegas Strip.  Everything that comes up is buried somewhere in one of the dozens of hotel/casinos.  Since I'm in town on business more often than for pleasure, I like to wander around in the car and discover what else is around.I'm so glad I found this Starbucks.  It's a quick drive from any hotel I stay at on the strip and is directly connected to a FedEx Office.  The staff is always friendly and there is plenty of seating.  It's so much more comfortable to get my work done here than cooped up in a hotel room.
5	Seriously some of the friendliest staff EVER!!  I come here on a regular basis to work on homework and study since it is close to the UNLV campus and without fail every time they are awesome.  Just this morning I went to another Starbucks on my way to work and got my usual morning latte, although this time it tasted a little bit "sour/bitter" so I stopped off at this location to see if they would be willing to remake it for me.  Without any question they remade my drink for me and were so gracious about it.  I hate to complain, so the fact that they just reamde my drink and took the time to talk with me really made me feel at home and reminded me why I should come to this location over other Starbucks locations in the area.
3	In case you are searching for this starbucks via GPS, note that it is right next to FedEx/Kinkos. In fact, it is attached with a passageway between them.The interior walls are a wonderful deep purple color. I immediately and enthusiastically suggested to my wife that we paint our breakfast room this color. One eye roll later, the idea was nixed. Not happening...As for coffee, my double expresso did the trick...
5	Love this Starbucks. Always busy with tourists and locals. Nice staff.
4	I like hopping into this location on my way into work!  There is no drive-thru at this location.  Thankfully they are fast at the counter.  My drinks are always the right temperature and the proper recipe! The staff is great and quick at making my drinks.  They have a great array of sandwiches and boxes with veggies and cheese or protein boxes that include egg and chicken.  Plus the pastries and oatmeal!They are located with the FedEx behind Bahama Breeze.
3	Came here in the early morning for coffee before work. The line was long, but somehow I was able to get my double shot frap quickly. Happy face.
5	This is my favorite location. Close to work, home and no drive through.  It's a really low key place to hang out and it's hidden away besides Kinkos/FedEx (also attached inside). They play really good music and the staff is really nice. I've never had a bad experience here and I've been here lots of times. Very laid back atmosphere inside and patio seating outside. *No drive thru. . . . which is nice.
3	Never been, never will be the fav. Starbucks location for me. Very busy, not sure why they stopped being open 24/7, but their staff is not the most friendly. In fact last time I was in their, I believe they solicited me for a tip. I do not mind tipping, but I am paying $14 for my frap, let me decide if I will tip.Oh, and the bathroom has a code. Should be spotless, since it is locked, but it is not.Plus for this location - 24 hour FedEx Kinkos on site.
5	This is my break room!  :)They know my coffee, great service.
5	Came here last year and Todd and John were spectacular. They gave exceptional service which was very much appreciated. Thank you! I will come here again if I'm ever on that side of Vegas!
