3	I'm rating this place because I see the promise but this place really has some kinks to work out. First off, love the bar. Plenty of beers on tap, decent happy hour for drinks, and there's plenty of seating in a relaxed but chic type of presentation. Love that part.Hated the part that as I'm going to the different stations I'm told I'll have to order from the bar. That's fine because it's slow but if the bar were to get packed and you only have two bartenders, doing things like...tending bar. People with food orders are going to start getting backed up. Weird concept if you expect it to be busy.I order the cubano, my friend orders a burrito, and the jerk off that wanted us to come in here to try the food just orders a coffee (wtf!). Anyway, I had a bite of the burrito with rotisserie chicken and the meat is actually pretty good. That coupled with the rice is actually pretty damn good. I'll be back for this.The dry cubano on the other hand, I feel as though it's a little overpriced for $12 that came with no fries, maybe they forgot it, maybe it just doesn't come with it, I don't know. But $12 for basically just a sandwich and it's not sit down service? That's not crazy expensive but damn give me some fries, chips, f*ck I'll even take a deli pickle!All in all a nice change of pace if you're gambling at Downtown Grand or you're leaving Gold Spike and want something quick instead of pizza. But it needs to work on some things.
5	So Freakin' good!! Love the atmosphere, love the food (so fresh) and fantastic service--Jessica, Jesus, and Eric Rock!
2	Do not be fooled, this is a fancy food court. The only difference between the commissary and a regular food court is that you  order from one location. There is an odd mixture of  Mexican food and burgers /bar food. You order at the bar and are given a pager. You find a seat wait a while a then go to the station that prepares the type of food you  ordered and pick it up.The Good:Atmosphere is modern and very clean  with plenty of seating. The bar area is cozy and has a good selection beers on tap. The variety is interesting if you are trying to please a group of people with varied. The Bad:Co worker and I went for lunch, spent several minutes wandering around trying to find out how to place an order. There is an ambiguous order here sign above the bar, with no further details. The only two menus are pasted to the bar counter, one was at the register and the other was under one of  bar patron's lunch.  After placing your order  you are left to figure out which station has your food. The burgers station is pretty easy, but  the other two stations look to be split between hot and cold entrees,but there was no definitive signage to that effect.Food was awful.  I ordered tortilla soup and a bacon cheeseburger. Both items were presented well and looked delicious. Tortilla soup was very runny and tasted like strained corn chips and velveta. There were also lumps of something that I assume was chicken, but I could be wrong. Bacon cheeseburger was the SALTIEST thing I have ever eaten in my life! I removed the bacon hoping to cut the salty taste only to realize that it was not the bacon. I wasn't able to finish half the burger due to the crazy amount of salt. I am still tasting salt. Co-worker had the same burger and the nacho fries. His burger was just as salty as mine. The nacho fries were blah, cheese and salt and fries. We have to go back to try the "latin" food (just to make sure this isn't a case of ordering hamburger at a sushi restaurant.), But i am not looking forward to it. Co worker ordered
5	I'm kinda digging this place. I had the cubano torta (Mexican/Cuban sandwich), it's pretty big. The martinis are good and the salsa is caliente (not for gringos).Plus they have gelato. I had the spicy chocolate gelato stout float (yup, beer and ice cream). It was awesome.
2	My husband and I went for lunch this week.  The atmosphere is cute and very bright, the food is meh.Hubs ordered the bacon burger with no bun and I ordered the bacon-wrapped hotdog.  We both ordered sweet potato fries and iced tea.  Aside from the price (over 30 bucks for lunch), the food was much like we would expect from any of the cookie-cutter casino cafes around town.  Our food looked nothing like the pictures (and I don't just mean that is wasn't styled) and the sweet potato fries were actually tots.We'll maybe give them a couple of months to settle in and try again, but I can't recommend then to anyone.  Stick to Smashburger for burgers.
3	Food first- Mexican grilled cheese with chips. I am not from Mexico but the name sake of The Commissary is. I expected this grilled cheese to take me to Mexico instead I got taken to Applebee's.FAILThe sandwich has avocado & tomatoes but no flavor.BUT, loved the caliente salsa with the chips. I asked for their hottest salsa & it is yummy. So are the chips! Disclosure: I used a $5 off deal.I should have mirrored my friend who got rotisserie chicken & raved about it!We had happy hour drinks too and I'd give both of mine a thumbs up- the mojito was tasty and the margarita was even better! I don't know where to start with the crazy multi food counters/confusing ordering process but sometimes different is not better.
5	Came during happy hour and had a great time. Had the brisket burrito which was very good. My wife and I thought the food was good the prices were more than fair and the ambience was perfect for what we were looking for. The manager came by and chatted which was nice. We will definitely come back.
5	Wow what a dining experience. My husband and I have lunch and dinner at the Commissary Friday. We are still talking about the food, but much more incredible the  staff and our new favorite Chef, Chef Chris! We thought we would check out this new celebrity Chef offering by Richard Sandoval's Commissary. We walked in and where very impressed with the vibe the Commissary has. We looked around for a couple minutes before we went to the window to order some food. We where greeted by a very nice young girl who took our order, she couldn't have been nicer. My husband ordered the Cuban, and I had the soup. O my goodness that was the most incredible soup I have ever eaten. We where waiting on our order that's when we where greeted by Chef Chris, he was a very nice young man. He asked us where we lived and how long we have been in town, he spoke to us as if we where old friends, before we knew it our food was ready, we where told he would check on us before we left. We found our seats, my husband told me to taste his sandwich it was delicious. I'm not a big pork fan but I will say it was to die for, my soup was so balanced in flavor  it was spicy tomato bisque!  It was the best soup ever! Chef came over to see how our meal was. We told him how great everything was. We chatted for a few minutes he asked us to come back anytime and ask for him, it's service like this that makes a dining experience so much more then a meal. Chef Sandoval you have a great Chef at the Commissary, we are so happy we ate at the Commissary. We came in for dinner that night, Chris was there greeted us by name, needless to say our dinner was just as impressive as our lunch Chef send us over Gelato at no charge. We thanked him, told him we would see him soon! We have a new place we will make our new hang out. Chef Chris thank you for making us more than just guest you treated us like old friends... Linda and James Walker
2	Food:The food is average at best and over priced at regular prices. I don't know who this famous Sandoval guy is but he must not think very highly of himself for serving store bought chips. Even low end Mexican restaurants have fresh chips. The salsa, both medium and hot were boring.. "Celebrity chef" Sandoval needs to take notes from the salsa offering at the taco bar in Mariana's grocery store park lot.The rotisserie chicken has good flavor but was dried out. The rice was decent. Black beans have no flavor. Very bland mashed up  black beans. I mixed the salsa in to add some flavor but the salsa needed help itself.The crispy chicken Milanese torta was average. Light corn breading on a thin piece of chicken breast. Service:Counter service. You order get a receipt bit how do you know when your food is ready. I went and sat down. They took my name but never called my name. I sat and sat and sat.... Eventually I got up to ask where my food was and it was just sitting on the counter.
3	Okay, so walk in and like the vibe immediately. Chill laid back restaurant with a nice smaller bar inside. The staff is really friendly and slightly younger than most. They have a nice selection on beer for a "Mexican" restaurant they don't have that many tequila choices. The good was slightly above average. I got the side of chips and salsa. And for the entree I got the Cubano Torta, it was just okay could have been WAY better but they are only like 3 weeks old.
1	I work downtown and was so excited this place just opened. First off--the bar, coffee area and gelato looks great. Things that would be pretty hard to mess up. I got a Mexican bowl salad that made Chipotle look like a four star meal. The barbacoa was WAY over spiced/flavored and there was shredded lettuce that was very minimal. The Spanish rice was saturated in seasonings and half way THROUGH my lunch I was feeling ill. I wasn't the only one, my coworkers had the burgers and all of our tummies are not doing well. I hope the quickly correct these bad reviews before this place becomes consistently avoided.
5	Delicious!  The meat is tender and everything is fresh.  I had the torta and it was amazing.  I love the set up of this place.  I haven to say that originally even though the set up is nice I was a bit sceptical but they exceeded my expectations.  I absolutely recommend this place to my friends.  I work at zappos so it looks like i found a new spot for lunch!
3	The cubano was pretty good.  The habanero mustard was actually pretty spicy and I like spicy things. The place is overpriced for what it is however. So that's what kept the stars rating at 3.
3	I've dined at The Commissary twice now.  The food has been of high quality and the value is great, with the exception of the gelato milkshake.  There was nothing about it that warranted an $8 price tag.  It didn't even bring the boys to the yard!On my first visit, I had the Caesar salad.  I enjoyed it, but the dressing was surprisingly spicy.  This may not go over well with your typical Caesar consumer.  On my second visit I had the brisket burrito.  I would say this was far better than Chipotle.  There are a few things that keep The Commissary from receiving five stars.  The first thing is service.  I found the people taking my order on both occasions didn't seem exceptionally knowledgeable and on the second visit my order was incorrect.  I attribute this to the fact the restaurant is relatively new.I also was a little unsure about the atmosphere.  I found the music to be a little on the loud side on my first visit, making it hard to converse with my dinner companion.  On my second visit, I contemplated getting coffee from the adjacent coffee bar and popping out the iPad to get a little work done.  I discovered that The Commissary does not offer free WiFi, which kept me from ordering coffee.  In keeping with coffee bar atmosphere, I would think free WiFi would be a must.Overall, I enjoyed The Commissary, but not enough to go out of my way to visit again.
5	It was time for a one on one lunch with my favorite assistant!  I was super excited to try this place out.  It's literally a block away from my job and I've heard the place is awesome.  On top of that, the Commissary was offering a 50% discount for all Nevada locals in the month of January.  It was literally, a no brainer.  The Commissary is located on the corner of 3rd and Stewart Ave.  This Latin Kitchen is part of the Grand hotels and one of the many new joints downtown.  Lots of seating, inside and out!  Walk up the stairs and you'll notice a very trendy vibe and decor.  White tiled pillars with decorated mirrors, exposed loft style ceilings.  Lots of different material textures:  Stainless steel, tiling, concrete floors, wooden cabinets.  Really modern and trendy!  There are different types of seating for different types of dining interests:  tables, plush booth seating, high top tables and even a bar for drinks and bar seating.  So awesome!  In this bistro type eatery, you literally order your food, they'll give you a buzzer and you'll approach the counter again once your buzzer goes off.  Speaking of food, here's what I got and thought!They have Smart water, two sizes.  I got the small on for $2.49I started off with the chips and salsa/guacamole appetizer for $4.00.  This is a GREAT deal.  It came in a big bowl, filled with tortilla chips and two ramekins filled with salsa and guac.  The guac was chunky and filled with chopped tomatoes and onions.  The salsa was AH-MAZE-ING!  It was super smokey, like they've added chipotle or ancho chili peppers. So awesome.  Little spicy but really made a wonderful difference!  For the price along, super worth it!For my meal, I got the Caesar salad for $7 and added chilled chicken breast for an additional $4.  The Caesar salad along was romaine lettuce, parmesan cheese, torn homemade croutons and classic dressing.  The chicken breast was seasoned with kosher salt and pepper, perfectly seasoned, juicy and fresh!  The salad was a little salty.  Almost really fishy.  You could tell the dressing was homemade though.  The anchovy taste was super prominent, almost dominant at times.  The croutons were amazing though!  torn bread slices, toasted to resemble croutons.  It was crunchy, yet buttery and creamy!  Hard to explain but so good.  The parmesan cheese was shaved on to the salad.  One of the biggest fans of shaved cheese on salads, as opposed to shredded.  At the end of the day, I still felt the salad was delicious.  My first experience was very good, overall.  Although it seems like a I got a lot of stuff, keep in mind that it's still 50% off on dining for the rest of January 2014.  Great promotion and because of my experience, I'm definitely going back soon!  Thanks so much for a wonderful lunch, guys!  If you downtown, you're in luck!  Check out this new joint :)
3	3.5Came here for breakfast and dinner (2 nights) while staying at the Grand. Service was fast and friendly, and the food was pretty good.Breakfast:I got the crepe with chocolate and strawberry, which was just chocolate syrup and strawberry jelly (or jam). It was ok. I've definitely had better crepes. Hearty ones with real fruit and nutella, but this was just syrup. And the crepe itself wasn't great.Also had the breakfast burrito. They were out of sausage, so we got ham, egg and cheese. It was good. Didn't blow my mind... I've had better, but not bad.Dinner:One night, I got the tacos. I chose 1 chicken and 2 latin smoked brisket. Really good!. The latin smoked brisket was especially yum. I got this with the Mexican rice (you get 2 sides with the taco plate). I didn't care for it. My husband got the bacon burger, which I tried, and it was good. He liked it too.For dinner on our second night I got a turkey burger, which I enjoyed. Also got the onion rings, which I wasn't crazy about. Too big and the onion just fell right out when you'd take a bite.The place itself is cool. I love the set-up and decor. I do agree with other reviewers that it was a bit confusing as to where to order. I would definitely come again, to try other things on the menu. And if anything, I know the latin smoked brisket tacos will satisfy me.
3	Don't get the horchata, it's $4 and tastes like half and half with a dash of cinnamon.
4	This is a split review for the Torta-Mexican Counter and the Bar.First off, the concept of this place is cool with very hip and comtempo decor. It is basically a big "cafeteria" with food booths, a bar, and a coffee/ice cream place. I ate at the Torta place and had the half and half combo of the tortilla soup and the chicken milanese combo. I honestly thought $12 was a bit pricey for a soup and sandwich combo (that does no include your drink) at a place that is cafeteria style-food and service. The torta was actually pretty tasty and the tortilla soup had nice presentation with some spice, but the chicken in the soup tasted a little off and one piece had a bone in it, so I could not finish eating it as I was turned off it. That was my only experience with the food portion. The place looked pretty deserted when I got there, but I am attributing that to it being a weekday in DTwn Vegas and the hotel it is attached to, the Downtown Grand, having just opened in November. However, the staff that took the order didn't really seem to know what was going on and it was a bit weird trying to figure the place out. Since nobody was there, they just kinda said "hey, your food's ready" even though they had given me a pager that was supposed to light up when the food was ready for pick up. The soda fountain is also self-serve, so honestly, I was confused as to the was the "tip" line on my receipt was for. I don't tip when I go into a Taco Bell or McD's and that's pretty much the level of service you're getting here. So, two stars for this portion of the experience. Hopefully, they can sort out the kinks and find what works and what doesn't because this IS a cool concept.Now on to the Bar. Totally different experience here. From the moment I sat down, Jesus greeted me and you could just tell he had a good energy. He was engaging and funny and won me over when he let me sample a beer to see if I would like it. The other awesome guy of the evening was Michael, the Manager. He really did an excellent job of "putting the customer first" and really went out of his way to make my experience here awesome! They had an amazing beer selection and the beer flights they offered were well selected and priced. There was a flight called the Beer Belly that had some quality beers on it (5) for only $13. I was originally told they were not serving it because they didn't have the glassware yet, but Michael did me a solid and made it happen. I was in beer HEAVEN! They also have a great selection of Dia de Los Muertos beers from Mexico. I had the Hefe and it was great! The bottles are also worth collecting! Michael said they will also be having specialty tequila flights soon, which would just add to the fantastic cocktail and beer selections they already have. They made my night even better by letting me use the 20% off coupon I got in my welcome packet on my beer flight. So all in all a fun experience and exceptional customer service at the Bar. 5-stars across the board!I would usually split the diff on the stars, but I had such a good time at the Bar, it compensated for the bad food experience. I definitely need to check the Coffee/Ice Cream place out next time I am in town as it looked delish! But, either way, I will def be back to the Bar!
1	Wish I could give negative stars. When you walk into the place it looks really cool. Then you realize how unorganized the place is.   Too many different places to order, that it is confusing. Sat at the bar and ordered two burgers. The kitchen tried to make our burger twice and screwed up both times. Kitchen can not read a simple ticket. Left frustrated without trying the food
1	Four of us went there on Friday night and it had a decent crowd for being 9:00 pm.We walked up to the chicken station and they said we had to order from the next station. There was also a salad station that was closed.We ordered our food and while I was ordering I was watching on of the chef's plating another customers order.Everything was fine until he reached his BARE hand into the tortilla chips and put them on the plate.He then walked the plates to the counter and waited for the customer to pick up their order.I stood up there with my iphone in hand waiting for my order to get plated. I realized we ordered chips and salsa.The chef started putting our order together and sure enough he put his BARE hand back into the bowl of tortilla  chips and put them on my plate and walked up to the window.When he handed me my 2 plates I asked him if he expected me to eat those chips that he used his BARE hand to put on my plate.He looked confused and I told him I captured what he did on my phone.He took the one plate and dumped the whole order in the trash and said he would remake my order.I took my wife's plate to her * she was smart and didn't order any chips ) and we waited and waited for my meal.I asked to speak to the manager and he said the chef in the white coveralls was in charge.Needless to say I told them I didn't want my order anymore and I didn't care if the refunded me.My wife ordered the brisket and it came out looking like pulled pork. It had a good flavor and the sweet potato fries we tasty.I really wanted to enjoy this place, but having someone in charge use their bare hand in a bowl of chips after I saw him doing other chef duties and wiping sweat from his forehead with his hand and sleeve, kind of made me think twice about coming back.He did apologize and I noticed he put a glove on his hand for the next customer's order.
5	My first time here, not sure where to go once you walk in, but once I figured it out I ordered a "Pepito" probably the best torta I have ever had.  Carne asada with all the fixings and I have to say it was amazing.
2	The girl at the counter had a difficult time taking our simple order. She also messed it up. Beautiful seating and decor. My beverage was mediocre.
3	A couple co-workers and I decided to try this place for lunch today since we are working in the Downtown area.  At first, I wasn't sure what to expect.  I didn't realize Downtown and any decent places to eat like this but I was pleasantly surprised.Area - clean and next to the Mob Museum.Food - similar to fusion style.  I ordered the chicken Milanese torta.  Very tasty!  I enjoyed this very much.  It was a fairly good portion, however I thought the price was a bit steep.  $10.00 for my order, it came with a small side of chips but no drink.Restaurant - airy, clean, cafeteria style setting.  Many of the people working in the surrounding areas were having lunch there so this place would be good for a business luncheon.Staff - friendly.. not much more to say.Maybe when it's pay day or I feel like splurging a bit on bar-style food I'll make a trip back here.  I also want to try their happy hour.
5	I really liked this place. From bacon wrapped hotdogs to Baja fish"tortas". It was all really good and fun casual atmosphere. I only wish they opened a little earlier.
4	Stayed at the Grand Hotel which the Commissary is apart of and this place is good. Happy Hour prices and choices are pretty good and the food is good too. I had a burger and it probably was the best burger I've ever had. Add in the friendly staff plus the good food and you've got to make a stop. Besides the burger and bar there is also coffee bar and a taco place. It was so good my friend's and I went twice. They don't open too late I don't think but if you are in the area and want a good burger and a beer, give The Commissary a try.
1	Good place and has a nice potential of becoming a mix for both, tourists and locals but the coffee shop doesn't have heavy cream. I am on the mission to find at least a couple of coffee shops in downtown that could make a cappuccino with heavy cream.
5	I went on a trip to Vegas and stayed at the down town grand. I found myself eating at the commissary almost everyday. The food is good, fast and hot. You know it's fresh when they are making it in front of your eyes. Love the cubano torta which has ham, carnitas, and Swiss cheese press together in a panini machine. I wish I had a place like this in my home town. Also, this place is the only walking distance for lattes, and coffee drinks! My fav is the dirty chai, it's a chai latte with two shots of espresso. Yum
5	We got the burger and fries. Very good! Unique bun and twist to a burger, with great flavor. Has a full bar and coffee cafe too. Really enjoyed everything.
3	I ordered the half-and-half, which is half of a sandwich and a cup of soup. My sandwich was the Mexican grilled cheese, and my soup was sweet corn. The half-and-half is $12, which is ridiculously overpriced for the portion size. My sandwich was teeny (about 4 x 4 x 1 inches (who says food reviews can't have math?)), and the soup was about a full 8-oz cup. I was still hungry at the end of my meal. For $12, I really don't want to be hungry after I polish off my food. The service was pretty good, and the food itself was decent tasting, comparable to Panera Bread and other sandwich chains. The decor and furniture were also really, really cute, but I won't be returning.
5	Discovered this gem when staying at the Downtown Grand Hotel. (why doesn't the hotel publicize The Commissary???) This is a great concept for quick & easy foodservice and beverage. Not necessarily plush....but definitely comfortable, with great hospitality.Great coffee shop (Jenny is awesome!) with Lavazza....'nuff said.The latin chicken for lunch was incredible moist and with just the "right" amount of spices. Perfect. And, the bar at The Commissary (bartender Adriana...another terrific asset to The Commissary) was exactly what is needed after a long day out and exploring LV. Manager Kris Sainsbury should be complimented for his attention to guests throughout my 3 day stay. Overall, a very well run operation, with great food & beverage options!This hotel needs to promote The Commissary as I would never had known it was here other than I just "happened" to stay here. Downtown Las Vegas is on the rebound and I would get here quickly as I have no doubt that the crowds will be here soon.Now...if only they can figure out how to deal with the wind outside on the street so that we could have enjoyed the outside tables......We will be back.
3	Now, I have to agree with Kelly R. on this review.  DO NOT BE SUCKERED IN TO GETTING HALF A SANDWICH AND SOUP.  I wanted the Mexican grilled cheese (which was amazing-goat cheese, tomatoes and avocado?  I dream of it) and the tortilla soup.  Well, the sandwhich was 8 bucks and the soup was 6.  For 14 bucks I could have had the whole sandwich and the whole soup, but instead I got half of each for 12 like Kelly says.  NOT WORTH IT.  However, the soup was amazing.  My friend got a burger and a huge order of chips/salsa and guac, so I know not EVERYTHING is expensive and small.  However, my other friend was also disappointed in the half salad/soup combo she was talked in to.  So just be careful ordering because you could end up with a little food for a lot of money, but the food is great.  Will go back for lunch.
2	Good food but all three people I went with got food poisoning.  All three had rotisserie chicken. Won't be going back soon.
3	We went here because we wanted somewhere new to try and we saw a full ad with tons of their menu pictures in seven magazine. Everything looked so amazing from a pretzel shake and this corn concoction and other things. We got to the place and was very confused as to where to order and where to sit. Once we went to the counter, the staff was very friendly and even custom made my order because I can't stand anything spicy, and literally everything on their menu to do with meat, was spicy. We noticed they didn't have a few of the items that were shown in the ad we saw which was only a week before-hand. Everything was tasting good but the sweet potato tots were so gross they tasted like they were out of a frozen bag that had freezer burn. For desert we decided to try a milkshake thinking they would have the pretzel one we saw in the ad. Sure enough, they didn't. Even the lady that worked there said it was false advertising. I had my heart set on that damn milkshake. She seemed like she didn't really know the menu because I asked if she can make something similar and wasn't too sure. If you like weird tasting gelato, this is the place to go. Beer flavored. Pistachio (which some people think would be normal, me not so much), Spicy chocolate..etc.Anywho, I should have just brought the freaking ad in and told them to make whatever I saw on it. FALSE ADVERTISING.
3	Chicken tacos were flavorful and the accompanying beans and rice were very filling. Fun place to hang and have a drink. Staff is very friendly and pleasant.
4	After a friend's review, I expected the baristas/fountain workers at the Lavazza Coffee Cafe to be exceptional, and they were lackluster. No sense of excitement or urgency with this twosome when it came to me. The next guest was obviously a regular and they knew his order before he asked, even knew his usual partner in crime's! I will attribute my experience to super high expectation. My latte was made with care, the barista melted the honey I requested in the bottom of the cup before adding ice and milk. I was not asked what milk I wanted, but it turned out fine.I will pop back in tomorrow and see if they are more lively in the afternoons.
4	More like a quasi-Latin kitchen.  The Latin food is there if you want it, but you can also get burgers, and most of the coffee selections are hardly Latin. At first, I got a frappe coffee drink, a "frigid mocha latte".  For $6.00 for a 16 ounce blended coffee drink, it was a overpriced, but very tasty. At another counter, I got a double burger.  The only choice for cheese was cheddar, but the burger was actually a relative bargain, at $8.25.  The two greasy patties with nicely melted cheese, with tomato, lettuce and onion, turned out to be a good choice. This was tough for me to judge as it's more like 3.5 stars, but for Yelp ratings I pushed it up to 4 stars due to the inviting eclectic decor, and I really like that it's off the beaten path, compared to so much of downtown.   As it's just across the street from the Mob Museum, it's also a good choice before/after a trip to that museum.
3	We only visited the coffee bar section at the Commissary,which has coffee drinks, bagels, breakfast burritos, crepes, and gelato.  It's handy and affordable when you want to grab a fairly quick breakfast.  My bagel was decent and they were generous with the cream cheese without and extra charge.  The husband said the burrito was decent.  Overall, for what it is, I recommend it.  I'll post more if we ever eat lunch or dinner here.
5	Ok so went back and ordered the full sandwich and soup.  It came with chips also, which you do not get when you get suckered into the half soup half sandwich thing.  This time: I felt like I got what I paid for!  Much better and will be back!!
2	I've gone to The Commissary a few times, and I've always ordered their burritos. The burritos are always a win-win. I tried being adventures today, so I ordered the Pepito torta (mexican sandwich). Totally disappointing. There wasn't a lot of carne asada on it, and the sandwich well flat in flavor and taste. I ordered the sandwich with a side of dipping sauce, which I believe was supposed to be like an enchilada sauce, but it was bland and tasted more like tomato paste. Also, the sauce cost an extra $2. The two star is because I didn't get a flavorful or fulfilling meal, and I paid $15.31. The prices are a bit steep, but again, the burritos are worth it. Guess I'll stick with that next time:)
1	Really! 17.00 for a mini Cobb salad I had to wait 25 minutes for. It's not like there was a big rush either. Overpriced food and be patient because they are slow.
4	The chicken is wonderful... it's moist and juicy.  The burritos were great, too.  Awesome place to have a casual lunch or dinner.  The one thing that is confusing is how to order food.  They should make that easier to figure out at first blush.
2	Stopped in for a quick lunch with a friend on a Wednesday afternoon. The staff was friendly and helpful and everything was impeccably clean and I enjoyed the decor, loved the tufted sofas we sat on! My cobb salad was pretty uninspiring for the price, however. There wasn't much that enticed me on the menu and I doubt I'd go back... maybe for a fancy milkshake, but the menu wasn't clear enough on what that entailed for me to lay down 9 clams for it. Just not the lunch spot for me.
3	The commissary is a trendy Latin-fusion kitchen off of 3rd street in downtown Vegas. Walking in, a coffee bar is off to the right, a bar (fully stocked) is straight in the back, and the kitchen area is off to the left.Upon reaching the kitchen area, the electronic (television) menus were able to be read for about 30 seconds before they turned off and you had to turn around and look at the second tv to keep perusing the menu (read: annoying). I ordered the fish torta. It sounded good: crispy fish, tartar sauce with poblano chiles in it, and cabbage. Approximately $12. I asked if the sandwich was spicy. The cashier didn't know, so the managing chef came out and talked to me about it which was a nice touch. The wait for the food wasn't long - maybe 5-7 minutes.Upon receiving my food I received a sandwich-looking Torta with chips. It was a large sandwich, cut in half. Upon taking a bite I wasn't very pleased with the taste or texture. It was as bland as you could possibly get (and with fish, it can get pretty bland), and definitely was not worth my $12. Seriously, this place has potential, but they would do well to focus more on the quality and taste of their food.
4	Wandered in after visiting Mob Museum and so glad we did!  Smoky Latin food with incredible depth of flavor.  We had the tortilla soup and burrito bowl, which were both exceptional.  In addition, Ancho rubbed chicken wings were fantastic.  Add Mexican craft beer selection and top shelf margaritas, and this is reason enough to head downtown for lunch
4	Very nice place and deserves more stars that what it currently has. The place gets 4 stars because it's layout is a little confusing, and the shakes are just blended gelato. I thought they'd be a bit more adult and add toppings and booze. No such luck though. Cuban sandwich was great. Give it a shot. The food is really good and at a great price.
2	Overall I was underwhelmed by this experience. My friend has the chicken caesar salad which as he described was "anemic" in that there was a small sprinkling of chicken for $12. I was drawn in by the 99 cent tacos. You can choose flour or corn. The sign said barbacoa, chicken or bean & cheese. I got two barbacoa and two chicken. It was not barbacoa but it was ground beef. Seasoned ground beef. This is not their barbocoa as another friend got a barbocoa burrito which did not contain ground beef. Strike three was that there was price differences between what is listed on the electronic menu and the written menu. My friend ordered sweet potato tots listed on the electronic menu $4, they attempted to charge her $5. She pointed out the issue and they said that it was listed as $5 on the paper menu. Ultimately they gave her the $1, but just be careful about this. There was at least one other item that had a difference between the price listed on the electronic menu v. paper. The positives were fresh brewed ice tea ($1.99), habanero salsa was good and no extra charge for getting it (which there should never be  but  alot of places seem to charge for sides of dressing etc.).
5	Their breakfast burrito (bacon, eggs & cheese) must have something illegal in it because it is out of this world amazing! yum yum yummm!
4	No a bad place. Their barbacoa is good and so are their margaritas. I love their tortilla soup.
