3	Mediocre.  I had the chicken tacos.  They were pretty bland; the chicken didn't have much flavor.  My mojito was great, though.  (Thank goodness--it cost $12!)  My cousin slipped the hostess $20 to get us seated quickly.  I was kind of disgusted that they took the bribe, but happy not to have to wait too long!
4	The food here was very good and the staff very accommodating.  We had a large party of 19.  They broke us down into smaller tables but in a central location of the restaurant where we felt we were still dining together.The sea bass tamale was delicious.  the chicken tacos were additionally appetizing.  Better yet, after dinner they have Salsa dancing until 4 am.  Suck on the sangria and enjoy a peach margarita!
3	Good interior Mexican cuisine, and great margaritas, but overpriced.
4	First some perspective: I'm comparing this to the garbage that passes for Mexican food in DC. We went there on the first night of our trip and found good food, attentive service and a nice ambience with lively music. The nacho chips came with a sample of three salsas with unique tastes. We ordered the appetizer sampler to get a taste of their little plates. The tacos were good, though what most people would consider to be fajitas. My pet peeve: at a restaurant where the per person price is $40-$50, they charge extra for cheese ($2.50), lettuce ($1.50) and sour cream. We were asked about these sides for our tacos, without any notice that such basics cost extra.
4	What a wonderful place to eat.  I have eaten here many times and I always come back for more.  The food and drinks are a lil bit on the pricier side but what do you expect from a restaurant inside the MGM.  I had the cochinita Pebil, if you don't know what it is,  watch "Once Upon a Time in Mexico", it's the plate that Johnny Depp's character orders every time he eats.  Anyways the Pebil wa fantatstic,   the pork was soft and tender, it practically melted in my mouth.  My G/F had a the steak taco's, which were really good,  what I like about this place is that the put your taco stuff on a plate and you pretty much make your own taco's.  Its good for picky eaters like my G/F.Probably my favorite thing here is the Guacamole,  it's made right at your table and it is soo fresh and the taste is fantastic.   Also the chips and 3 different types of salsa make waiting for your food not a problem.
4	The prices at this place go up every time I eat there. For this reason, I'm not giving this place five stars, though I might otherwise. The food is always fantastic. Best chips in Vegas, possibly the entire southwest.  You MUST try the goat.  It simply melts in your mouth.  The margaritas and tequila selection is great too.  And it must be popular.  How else can one explain the meteoric rise in the prices since it opening.
3	I went here to kick off the big Vegas weekend, thinking it would be fun & convenient.  Turned out to be dead on a Friday!!  The guac was good, but the portion was wrong skimpy.  The margs were okay, but it was irritating when the server tried to 'up-sell' our pitcher with Grand Marnier.  I split the pork tasting with anther pork lover and neither of us found it impressive.  Small, fatty portion.  3rd star because I was with my best friends, so the experience was fun nonetheless.
3	I had dinner here and it was totally overpriced and not worth it. There are far better places to eat at MGM that are overpriced and somewhat worth it. This place had strange strange service. This woman was so damn talkative, like talking to herself in front of us at our table, and would routinely vanish for long periods only to be seen chatting up various customers. I watched her chat up a table across the way for literally 10 minutes while we waited for the bill. She seemed nice, but it got in the way of reasonably timely service. The food itself was ok - more aptly - uninspiring. There's gotta be better Mexican food around. I know it. And guacamole 10 dollars? I don't care if it's made at the table that's highway robbery. On the other hand the salsa and chips they bring you are very good.
4	We came here two nights in a row.  One night to eat, the next night to dance. We sat at the bar and had excellent service!  All the bartenders were very friendly.  I had an excellent mojito and margarita.  Although the food was pricey, it was great.  I am from San Diego so I know what good Mexican food is supposed to taste like (not Tex-Mex people).  I had the chicken tacos, my friends had steak tacos and enchiladas.  However, the tacos were more like fajitas because they didn't come with the fixings, only a side of guacamole.  The chips and salsa were my absolute favorite!We wanted to do some salsa dancing so we went back on Friday night.  Not much salsa but lots of latin pop, reaggeton, and rock en espanol.  Super fun vibe, Cesar, the bartender got on the bar and danced, and make sure you dress to impress (no tennis shoes).  I heard Saturdays go off!
1	Note: I did not eat here.First off, I hate paying more than $10 per plate at a mexican food restaurant because I know a cheap, delicious and fresh place down the street. Second, these m-fers gave away our reservations because we were late. Now I know they have to run a business, but I told the lady we were celebrating a birthday. I mean COME ON. Third, they were rude and wouldn't help us find faster seating so we could catch Ka. SO F-U deigo, we went to pearl and had a great non rude time.
1	we had a birthday reservation.......we were "fashionably" latewe no longer had a reservationwe still had a birthday to celebratewe went to Pearl insteadand felt we came out aheadcheers to Pearl although i heard you have great food Diego
3	The guacamole was pretty good here, they made it at the table right in front of me!!! I enjoyed that, the cheapest show I ever saw in Vegas.  The decor was a bit over the top- way to red for me.  I expect to be comforted by Mexican food- For the food to take away my stress and anxiety, and give me a deep sense of inner peace.  Maybe I expect too much from my burrito- but who can say? ;-)Anyway Diego was pricey for the food, but overall I would go back, but not that often.
2	Go here if someone else is paying.  Don't eat too much guac if you don't want to diarrhea.  The margaritas don't have alcohol in them or the sangria.  No real vegan options except for more guac and beer.  Go to Pancho's
5	Paying a lot for Mexican food has never been something I thought I'd do.  However I've always wanted to try this place since it's in the MGM right at the Monorail entrance.  After my experience here, I wish I had tried this place sooner.It's not exactly your traditional Mexican restaurant, as it adds some modern flair to it.  It does turn into a nightclub w/ a good variety of Latin beats and reggae-ton on Friday and Saturday Nights (starting at 11pm for you groovers).Like most Mexican restaurants, they bring you a good sized basket of chips and a trio of salsa, (pico de gallo, green tomatillo, and habanero chile).  What was really eye popping to me and my taste buds was the addition of three salts to go along w/ the chip sand salsa.  What an enhancement of flavor!  The avocado chile salt was amazing as was the chile lime salt.  Quite a rush that didn't even have us rushing for a glass of water.They make fresh guac table side and it' pretty darn good.  I usually like having fresh cut tomatoes in my guac, however they used sun-dried tomatoes and it gave it a rather smokey and slightly tangier flavor.  For a single avocado, it sure produced quite a bit of guac for two, however it still was inhaled rather quickly.I went w/ their tasting menu which included four courses.  Two authentic  dishes, Pollo al horno Con Mole (Horny Chicken our waiter joked), and Cochinita Pobil.  The pollo was a super tender chicken thigh with chile de arbol sauce on it, marinated a various spices that I wish I could list.  The smokey and spice flavor was great.  The Cochinita was a pork tenderloin that tore apart like fresh carnitas.  It was a flavor rush of spices and slight amount of pork fat that just melted in my mouth.  The other two tasters were a fresh tuna ceviche and grilled jumbo prawns.  The prawns were spiced to perfecting, a little amount of heat, but not so much that over powered the other flavors.  The ceviche was one of the best I've had in a long time, a good mixture of fresh pico de gallo, freshly grilled tuna, lime, and muscles.  The other dish shared was their surf and turf which consisted of a well seasoned fillet minon (good 8oz baseball cut) on top of a mixture of portabello and spinach, accompanied by two shrimp and lobster enchiladas.  The enchiladas fell short a bit of what i was expecting, but the steak was magnificent.however, the two dishes that put a fiesta to my taste buds were the two sides i selected.  Designed to serve two, we got the fried plantains and the sweet corn w/ chile.  OMFG!!!!!  What a rush and burst of flavor.  The plantains took about two bites before you realized the true flavor they gave.  The sweet corn was topped off w/ a light sour cream and it just melted all the way to my stomach.  Pure ecstasy in a Latin food way.  I was tempted to take and order to go for a late night snack...yes it was that good.What made our experience five stars was our waiter, Leo.  He was super friendly and the most attentive waiter I've had in a long time.  our cups were never below half-way down, salsas always full, fresh chips in an instant.  But what set him apart was how truly attentive he was.  our fillet was overdone from the medium rare we had requested, but it was OK, we didn't mind.  However after 3/4 of it was devoured, he noticed it was overcooked and w/o hesitation ordered us to stop and took it away from us, only to bring out a freshly done full sized fillet cooked to perfection.  Awesome, simply awesome.Pricey for Mexican food for sure, but oh so worth it.  A great experience all the way around.  A full belly, and a food coma at no additional charge.
2	The three salts with the excellent chips was a great start, but it was all downhill from there.  Yeah, yeah: Texan bias, but this place was slow + expensive + bleah.  Caveat:  only had appetizers, so the main dishes could be worth the raves.  But the appetizer sampler was pretty dismal:  La Choy - level empanadas, torta things that were really stiff and chewy, and flautas that were passable.  Okay service once they found a table in the empty restaurant.  Drinks:  good, but that is not a problem in Vegas if you have $14 and a drivers license.I'd skip it and try something else.  Even Nathan's hot dogs has better bang for your buck.
4	Found this on yelp.  Good upscale creative mexican food.  Definitely better than the usual mexican chain food (on the border, cozumels, el torito, etc.).  But probably would not impress serious foodies.  I had a very good appetizer salad with baby spinach, avocado, papaya, and some sort of chili glaze or dressing.  It was tasty and creative.  The shrimp diablo entree was good but not spicy enough.  Hostess Brenda was friendly and efficient.  Server Jose was efficient without getting in the way.  He kept my water glass filled without me noticing, and I was thirsty.
5	Inside the MGM, what a great location & awesome venue this place was.  Staff were friendly with an upbeat crowd.  Great time with girlfriends & danced until our feet hurt.  The crowd can really move to all beats.  Wish we would have found this place sooner instead of clubbing at overly-crowded clubs like JET at the Mirage.  Can't wait to replay my experience at this club, maybe eat here next time.
1	Went there on a whim. Very disappointing. I thought the food was expensive and gross. Slow service. The guacamole wasn't anywhere near to what I can make in 1 minute at home. The chicken tacos were gross.
3	Decent Mexican cuisine with a great looking restaurant. It is located inside the MGM Grand and when we went on a Monday night had no wait, even though it was Memorial day. We ordered the fresh guacamole and a gentleman came to our table and made it right in front of us with ingredients that we wanted. The food was good, but nothing amazing. Would go again if at the MGM.
3	Decent Mexican - in particular, Oaxacan-style cuisine.  As like every hotel/casino based restaurant, it is exceedingly overpriced.  Drinks are ok - I ordered a glass of $10 sangria - I've had better.Prior to your meal, you get your chips and dip; but you get three different types of dip with an herbal/salt accompaniment.  It was generally ok, so it was fine to eat this while biding time for my entree.The enchilada platter was pretty good, but again - I've had better.  My friend had chicken tacos - again, there's been better.My last name is Diego, and so we had a fun time trying to convince our waiter to give us a discount because I share the same name as the restaurant (walking promotion, right?)  Of course, it didn't work.
4	Couple of hits, couple of misses, but overall a really good experience.Do try the mango mojitos, no matter what.  They're magical!Enjoyed two of the three salsas they serve with the tasty chips.  Did not care for the green salsa, but could not get enough of the spicy salsa.  Wife really enjoyed the mild salsa fresca.For our second pound of chips, we had the queso fresco, two separate dishes, one with a black bean base, the other with a superb chorizo flare.  These were a definite highlight of the meal, but were really quite filling.I went for broke (Vegas, ya know?) and got the "surf and turf"--a filet and shrimp enchiladas.  The turf was spectacular; the surf, well, it was low tide.  The turf would make a great dish on its own.The wife opted for the wholly unexotic chicken tacos al carbon.  She reports that the chicken was very bland and wholly unseasoned.We skipped dessert, too stuffed to even try.  The service was great and really added to the experience.  Overall, a pretty decent meal for the money.  I will definitely go back next time I'm in Sin City.
4	We've been here a couple of times and we love it. The food is good and I love the atmosphere. After we saw Jennifer Lopez, we stopped for drinks and salsa dancing, so fun!
3	Hit and miss food. Some of it is good, and some of it is really weird. I mean, it's not terrible or anything, but just really weird.A good place to bring the lady I guess.It gets crowded, and they have dancing.
4	I can't comment on the restaurant because it was closed during my entire five day stay, but on Friday and Saturday nights they turn the restaurant into a nightclub. It was a lot of fun. Mostly Latin music is played, but they do mix in some Pop and Hip-Hop. The drinks were pricey, but it's Vegas so that's to be expected. We found a few dance partners and had a great time.
4	I am giving 4 stars for making Guacamole at the table.  I was fantastic, it had sun dried tomatoes in it, the first time i had every had guacamole with it.  Very Good.I order the fish tacos and honestly wish i had got something else.  It was ok, nothing too spectacular.
3	Decent upscale Mexican in the MGM Grand. The table side guacamole is excellent, esp. with sun dried tomatoes. If you eat here, def. check this out. The margaritas were also good, though the waiter kept trying to upsell us on these, which was annoying considering the drink prices and the fact that we were not having the house marg. My fellow diners liked, but did not love their food. I had the chef's tasting platter, and it was delicious. From what I gathered, this is the way to go. It is a made of of four dishes which vary and are meant to represent the best available. The ambiance is rather nice - modern but showcasing the works of the titular Diego Rivera and his wife, Frida Kahlo.
3	best value inside the MGM... server knows menu and its ingredients extremely well... don't wear blue-blockers, it's ALL RED inside.===Our first foray at the strip was the dining row at MGM Grand. Wolfgang Puck may have his name on a placard in this place, but I think the odds would be highly in my favor for a bet that the Puckster isn't on the premises. I've already seen what happens without the man in the middle; think Oba-Chine. No place that allows smoking should be allowed to simultaneously serve food.Thankfully the farthest restaurant from the smoke and casino has the best value. Just don't wear your blue-blockers: this place is all decked out in RED and PINK.Big portions, so no need to order multiple courses; good too, 'cause these prices add up fast. Ours was the black bean soup and seafood cocktail, prepared table side. Main course was carne asada with beans and crispy fresh veggie salad (called Diego salad).The salsas are the key to this place. Made fresh fresh fresh, and it has to be made just a few minutes ago, or the lime juice would start to cook those tomatoes into sour squishies.Service was prompt and orderly. Great stop!
5	I don't like burritos.  I don't like refried beans.  I don't really like the red/orange rice either.  I had an excellent meal made up of the best parts of Mexican cuisine with none of the mass market, dumbed-down sort of stuff going on.My bf and I had the tasting menu - which was very economical.  I had one of the best margaritas I've had that I didn't make myself.  He had a tasting of several mescals on the advice of our very knowledgeable waiter. The decor is chic.  The staff was lovely.  A la carte and alcohol prices appeared a little spendy, but it is Vegas after all.  Don't expect Taco Bell.
3	Coming from So-cal, and living in the Santa-Ana area where authentic Mexican food are a dime in a dozen, Diego definitely is just another run of the mill fancy Mexican cuisine that you can get anywhere. However the hit on your pocket book is another story of its own. I have to say I did enjoy their food. Did I think it was worth the price that I paid at the end of the night? Not at all. I ordered a plate of tacos, enchilada,  carne asada plate and also including 4 beers. My total came out to be about $140 before tip? Anytime when a Mexican restaurant charges into the triple digits, its probably not worth the price of admission. The location isn't all that great. You are in the middle of the casino walkway where there is constant foot traffic. People are constantly peaking on to your table to see what you are eating, so I wouldn't exactly call it romantic. I wasn't satisfied or disappointed by Diego. I just expected them to charge a little less.
4	Diego is a somewhat upscale restaurant serving fine Mexican cuisine in the MGM Grand.It provides an interesting decor for dining but does not go overboard on ambiance. My only concern is that it is a bit pricey, but then again it sits in with all the other high end eating venues like Seablue and Pearl.Diego has some excellent drinks. We had a Diego sampler with the 3 layer dip - an excellent choice with pre dinner drinks.A signature of the restaurant is the guacamole prepared table-side.I had the Carne Asada that came with tequila laced roasted cactus - an interesting touch ....... If it is available, I would suggest adding the sweet corn and cheese tamale - It just tasted great ....... made for an excellent meal.My other minor complaint is that you are often seated so close to the next table it is almost like you are sharing dinner and you must concentrate not to intrude on their conversation.Diego is a great choice while staying at the MGM........
5	DELICIOUS!Ordered off of the tasting menu, still large enough portions, you get a FANTASTIC deal and delicious food.  (Three courses, starter, entree, dessert, around $30 per person.)  The service was wonderful.  I got beef taquitos, a pork dish (that I could cut with my fork, yum!) and a caramel flan for dessert.And to all these people griping about price?  It's the MGM Grand in Las Vegas.  Every other place on the strip that isn't in a food court (with the exception of Denny's) is priced similarly.  Maybe laying off the slots for a bit will add some cash to your food fund.
4	Located inside the MGM Grand, this restaurant is a sure thing for Fresh Tex Mex.The delicate chips & salsa will make you feel compelled to mix & match the various flavor combinations between the carefully selected spices and varieties of salsa flavors.  Try the table-side quacamole and you can practically make a solid meal out of just the chips.The trio appetizer was surprisingly filling and the pomegranate margarita was deceptively delicious.  To be honest, on my several different visits, I rarely made it past the appetizers because I was so full!  The service was spotty from visit to visit, but the quality of the food was high enough that service was forgiven.  A great place if you're looking to hang out and enjoy your stay- the service was entertaining and friendly when they were around.
4	I have been to this place 3 times ( i think ).  All 3 times have been after 10:00 P.M..... i heard it was a restaurant but me and a group of friends went there because it looked like a dance club....SURE ENOUGH it is a dance club at night..... we had so much fun the first night we experienced diego! there is a cover charge and dress code but it was the best dancing i have had... all the people inside are chill ....no haters ...girls wanna dance and drink......it was like 95 percent latin people inside great dj.....i would recommend going there to anybody who likes reggaeton and hip hop. and salsa....
5	Wonderful food and service.  A fantastic experience all-around.  They give you two kinds of salsa as well as sea salt/cilantro and other delicious goodies with which to dip your chips.  The Queso Fundido was amazing as well.  I typically begin my judgment of Mexican restaurants by evaluating their salsa and chips, and this place gets an A++++++.I had the finest cheese enchiladas money could buy: corn tortillas with Oaxaca  and Chihuahua cheese blend, with Oaxacan red chilese sauce.  This is literally the best Mexican food I've had in my life.  And the best cheese.  You know how much I love cheese?!?!  A LOT.  I want...no, NEED to know where to acquire this cheese.Their drinks are very strong so be careful--yes, even the chocolate coconut martini thing.
3	Never ate @ Diegos just dropped it like its hot @ VIDA! hahaI went here last weekend it's was cool went for a friends cousins birthday who was so nice to pay for the entrance, Happy Bday Victor!If your from Out of Town then Girls $10 Guys $20, Local Girls $5 Guys $10It is an older crowd  club, music went from Salsa, rock en espanol, reggaeton, to hip hop. pretty much it!Now if you really like what your wearing BE CAREFUL! drinks are going everywhere, by the first hour I could just lick myself and be drunk!It was cool, but it's a place where I would run into my mom.
3	Yummy spot; worth checking out, especially if you don't want to spend a fortune for dinner. It's a little tricky to get to from the main entrance of the hotel (meaning it's a jaunt). The food is prepared well and the restaurant gives off a fun and trendy vibe. One major drawback, we were seated near a really noisy group of about 20 people (the amount of tequila consumed by this table may have added to their noise level). It made it really difficult to carry on a conversation with the others at our table. Highly recommend the guacamole prepared table side!
3	After being in the sun and pool all day, Hunger pangs set in. So our group popped in here on way back to the room. I really enjoyed the freshness of the food. The portions size on the apps here nice. Just enough to fill in the gap before dinner. The 'rita's were taste also. I have to try again when not so tired and the place is open for full menu.
1	Hell freakin no. Do not come here. The food is nasty. I wasn't too hungry when I came with a huge birthday group so I ordered nachos. Nobody can get nachos wrong..nobody!!! Toss the cheese on top of the chips and presto! Haha wow was I being optimistic. My nachos came out  completely cold. The cheese hadn't even melted yet. Are you serious?! Ugh. One of the worst meals of my life.
5	How can you go wrong with a mexican restaurant is attached to your hotel room (MGM Grand) and has table side guacamole service and huge margaritas?  Diego was a great meal that had excellent service.  I had my 5 year old cousin with me and they were very courteous to his picky desires.  My sister and her boyfriend had the tortilla soup which was the best I have ever had.Living in San Diego my whole life, I have had plenty of time to determine what is good mexican food vs. lousy mexican good.  Do not miss out on this restaurant.  Good vibe and great portions.  They give you salas with matching salts for them, what an interesting, yet simple concept, I am surprised more restaurants haven't done that.
4	Diego is a very contemporary, romantic,maroon colored restaurant with mood lighting and bubbly aquatic windows.Here, the taste of Mexico comes to life! Delight in the rock candy syrup margaritas, queso fundido con chorizo (melted Oaxacan and Chihuahua cheese with house made chorizo sausage), tortilla soup (pasilla chile laced chicken broth with crispy tortillas, doused in cream and cheese), and the twin souffle battered chile rellano, one stuffed with Chihuahua cheese and one of chef's choice...the food is prepared like a piece of art, the portions are not as sizeable as with most standard mexican restaurants, and the prices are noticeably higher, but the food speaks for itself. in addition, you will find the traditional chocolate and bean "mole" sauce accompanying many of the dishes, which i love!there is a reason it was voted "best mexican restaurant" in the Las Vegas Weekly.
5	Waaaaaa???? 3.5? no way! I don't even know where to begin. My mouth is getting watery while I write my review LOL. We weren't sure where to have dinner so we didn't make any reservations. Waited about 15min for a table but it was all good because we waited at the bar. Their specialty are mojitos. They must have every tequila in the world. Ok time to talk about the dinner.....I had the mole with grilled chicken. The sauce was good, obviously it was made from scratch. The guacamole was made from scratch. The salsa's for the chips was good, the tortilla soup was good. The dessert OMG awesome! Everyone else was satisfied with their meals too. Service was excellent and place is very nice with a nice romantic setting. What else do you want?  I really recommend this place, a bit pricy but well worth it!
4	This is not your neighborhood Mexican taqueria or Chevy's. The food here is pretty darn good. They have tableside Guacamole-which we didn't get since they had this fancy display of salsas (mild, med, hot) and fresh chips. Then our server brought out a tray of seasoned salt for more flavoring if you like, totally unnecessary but nice to have I guess. We ordered the Diego Seafood Cocktail ceviche, Pork Carnitas taco, and Crispy Shrimp with Chipotle Aioli tacos. I, the alcoholic in the relationship, ordered a margarita with my lunch--which I can't remember the name but it was so good, one of the best I've ever had. Ask your server when you go there; I think it was the signature (pink) fruity something. The seafood ceviche was typical - you get Shrimp, scallops, avocado, salsa. It was good. Our server was happy to cancel our pork carnitas taco bc we were getting full from the salsa and ceviche and had dinner reservations at 7pm. We kept the crispy shrimp tacos -so glad we did bc it was delicious. The Aioli sauce was bomb. I've never been to Cancun or Mexico but I imagine the seafood tacos at the resorts to taste just like it. Although they were short staff on a Memorial Day weekend, our server had the most upbeat,  perkiest, will do whatever you want attitude. I watched as she ran from table to table talking orders, delivering drinks, making small talk with her CAN DO attitude the entire time. Much props for that! I enjoy my meal very much although service was a little slow.
2	Okay, so the food was actually pretty good in my book. Some things were overpriced ($12 guacamole), and some things were tiny ($9 gorditas), and some things were different than the waiter described ($9 tortilla soup), but the overall experienced was made TERRIBLE by the SLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOWWWWWWWWWWWW service. 45 minutes to bring the food out. Really? Not when the restaurant is 1/2 empty...unacceptable Diego.
4	I had a lot of good meals during my recent trip to Vegas, but Diego just might top the list. It's an upscale Mexican restaurant with hip, colorful decor and fun atmosphere. We tried the summer tasting menu which consisted of a margarita or sangria, soup or salad and your choice of entree. They were pretty busy so the kitchen was backed up when we went, but the waiter was honest and apologetic about it and we had a strong margarita and chips/assorted salsa to keep us company. The salad sounded pretty good but I went with the tortilla soup. It was pretty delicious, the kind of thing I wish I had a whole pot of in my fridge so that I could eat it for days! For my entree I chose the chilean seabass which looked absolutely gorgeous and tasted even better. It just might be the best piece of fish I ever had. It was just buttery and creamy and fabulous. It was a very satisfying meal - comfort food taken up a notch - and with the $32 a person tasting menu it was a pretty good value as well. Being Vegas, they gave me a to go cup for my ginormous margarita. Highly recommended!
4	As an authentic Mexican...this place is bad....and I mean bad like (90's cool).....The food was way yummy...and I know great Mexican food...Trust. ....Try the pitcher of Sangria. It is a must! The decor is very sweet....It was sorta reddish pink? Sounds weird right but it was a nice touch....the staff was friendly and fast. The atmosphere was definitely a party atmosphere... after hours the spot becomes a salsa/Latin nightclub...we had a blast with the margaritas and hip shaking music.... what a way to start out a night of partying...I will mos def come back to Diegos....order EVERYTHING...j/k
4	I tried the summer tasting menu at Diego...... excellentThe tasting starts with a "Diego margarita" using El Jimador tequila..... and the basket of totilla chips with three bowls of distinct salsas.The table next to me ordered the guacamole prepared tableside with their chips and salsa.It is always a treat to watch the servers prepare the dish fresh.The real treat is eating it.The appetizer for the tasting was a bowl of tortilla strip soup. Very well prepared .... it contained cheese, avacado and chicken.Very, very tasty.The main course I selected was the chicken breast with red mole.It arrived with a small amount of rice and sauteed spinach leaves. Once again Diego lived up to my expectations .....try it - it will live up to yours as well.
3	meh, meh, meeeeeehhhhhdid not impress me at all.  the margaritas were too sweet (triple sec is GROSS), the sangria was more like a wine spritzer, the mole was a little too smokey and the tortilla soup tasted like french onion soup.  the halibut and the taquitos were delicious.  highlight of the meal was the coffee flan that we took to go.  i might come back here for dessert.
4	The food was pretty good - we had the pit-roasted birria (goat) which was delicious, the sampler (taquitos, empanadas, and 3-layer dip) which was decent, a side of black beans, and chips and salsa with a bunch of different flavored salts and mild, medium, and spicy salsas.  The salsas were excellent!The service was good - the staff was very friendly and helpful.  It was a little pricey, I thought - but this is Vegas, and most restaurants - even the crappy ones - are overpriced.The decor was kind of annoying.  I love the color red, but the place was pretty much solid red.  The walls, the booths.  Everything red.  It was too much for me.  That said, I'd still return for the tasty food.
2	I'll try to keep this to the facts. I'm from LA. We have good mexican food. Diego is NOT good mexican food. Maybe if you come from the midwest or east coast and you have little to compare it to, but I don't know how else people think this is good. I got the "pollo al horno con mole," which is supposed to be a signature dish. I couldn't even eat the chicken because there were chewy bits of cartilage and god knows what all through it. So I stuck to the rice. My boyfriend had some beef tacos, the meat was completely overcooked and chewy and gross and served with no guac or salsa, so they were bland. It took them forever to get the food out, One of the people we were with could tell her bland enchiladas were left under a heating lamp and forgotten since they were crusty. Every sauce tasted like Mole sauce, no matter what they called it. The tortilla soup was OFFENSIVELY salty. This was just not good mexican food. Mexican food is not BLAND food, yet they somehow made it bland oversalted crap. The reason I'm giving them 2 stars instead of one is that the chips and salsa beforehand was decent. As was my sangria. Not worth going to dinner there though, by any means. I was SO disappointed because Vegas is supposed to have so many excellent restaurants, and this was so crappy.
3	Like Aldo, I also felt it was weird to be eating in a place like this surrounded by people wearing hockey jerseys. But a good kind of weird...like "Yeah that's right! My Kings just kicked some Avalanche ass, and now I'm going to eat Mexican food to soak up all the alcohol in my stomach while still wearing my Kings jersey!" kinda weird. Okay. okay. I was one of those crazy Kings jersey wearing bandidios. On to the food...Ordered the queso fundido, chicken tacos & 2 mojitos. The fundido was not cheese sauce, but actually melted cheese with meat and peppers. It was served with fresh. warm corn tortillas. Greasy and delicious! The chicken tacos were okay, and the chips and salsa were pretty good. The mojitos were on the weak side...not cool. Service was okay and the decor was RED! If this place didn't water down their beverages, I would have gave it a 4 star rating. So kids, in conclusion, if you're in the Grandido, skip the mojitos and try the fundido! Just pray it doesn't give you the rundidos...peace out amigos!
1	I ate here in June of 2007 with two family members. We liked the atmosphere and we were enjoying the meal. Our mistake came in the form of the guacamole, prepared tableside. The next day, we were all traveling back to our respective destinations. On the ride to the airport, I started feeling extremely ill. I was breaking out into a sweat and feeling nauseous. After I got home, I missed work the *next* day because I was still sick. Both family members that dined with me were also sick. The severity of our illness was directly related to the amount of the guacamole we had consumed.So my advice to you? Please ask the guy preparing the guacamole if he washed his hands.
1	Worst restaurant of the trip, hands down. Loved the decor, but service was obnoxiously slow, and the food was no better than bland. We tried the tasting menu, and besides getting the order wrong, (I can only think it was my husband's accent meeting the server's accent and causing a train wreck) the food just wasn't enjoyable. I got the tacos el carbon, but all I could taste was the tortilla. I didn't like the Sangria but my husband did, but the drinks were watered down. Worse, my husband ordered a second Sangria and the glass was double the size of the glasses we received the first go-round, when the drink was a part of a fixed price menu. Count me extremely non-impressed.
3	3.5 stars.  I have been to Diego a few times since it opened, and I find the food to be above average and consistent.  The location is inside of the MGM Grand, and the setting is casual.  The only downside would be the price, which is an issue inside of almost any casino in Las Vegas.  It's Mexican food after all, which we all know is supposed to be cheap.If you want to pay this price for 'gourmet' Mexican food, I would have to say that Lindo Michoacan is better.  However, you have to factor in the cab fare too and from this off-strip property, unless you have a car.My favorite thing, and the most memorable, was the selection of salsas that they offer with your meal.  I remember liking all three on my first visit and a different set of 3 on my second visit.  They seem to have it down in this department.  The bar also has a great selection of drinks and tequilas.  I cannot recall the dishes we ordered (its been quite some time since my last visit) but everybody in our group was pleased.  The ambiance is also nice from the standpoint that it is very open feeling with just enough privacy at the tables.
1	I signed on to yelp just to write a review about Diego it was the worst so called Mexican food I have ever experienced! Very bland flavor and very over priced. I live in Orange county and work in Los Angeles and we have some very good Mexican restaurants and Diego do not even come close to any of them.
5	Diego was one of the best Mexican restaurants I have eaten at.  - It has a great casual yet slick environment.- The guac made fresh at the table was awesome - I love spicy food, so the server customized it accordingly also.  - I had a flight to catch in about 40 min, so they pushed my order through and I had food + drinks + guac on my table within 10 min.  - The Renello was melt-in-the-mouth good...-  It is somewhat expensive, but its in MGM and fairly classy - and totally worth the money in terms of quality of food.  Would definitely recommend as the choice of Mexican food in Vegas...
2	Diego was really a disappointment, as both a restaurant and club.  We were excited, expecting some delicious Mexican food and a fun night of Latin dance music.  The atmosphere is pretty sleek, but it wasn't really packed enough for a Saturday night.  We ordered the queso fundido as an appetizer....it was really small, but didn't matter as it was pretty much flavorless and somewhat difficult to dip tortillas and chips into anyway.  We ordered a pticher of margaritas, and it was pretty much like a pitcher of bad, overly sugary sweet and sour mix with a little but of tequila that we could not taste. Despite having paid quite a bit for this pticher, we couldn't even finsh one glass a piece, as it was just too sickeningly sweet.  I ordered red snapper, which was the seafood special of the day.  It wasn't bad, but just wasn't exciting.  It was pretty much grilled fish on a plate of salsa.  Disappointed by the food, we rushed to the bar to try several more drinks and await the paty that was about to start.  We tried the Frida Margarita, which was a little better, but, again, we could not taste the tequila.  The bartender was really friendly, but it didn't really make up for the signature drinks of Diego.  Around 11 or so they started moving out all the chairs and tables and gave us wristbands to stay for the club.  Unfortunately, it just never got crowded.  Those who did come in, were mostly middle-aged couples.  It is possible this place gets going later at night, but around midnight, we decided to look for a better party.
2	Blaaaaah. The food was lacking, the service was lacking. I had the "signature" Diego Carne Asada, and there was no notable marinadey flavor that I associate with even the weakest carne.The chips were crumbs and the salsas forgettable. Even the drinks were meh at best, and how can you mess up alcohol? A $90 meal for two people, and seriously I would have eaten better at one of the Strip's seventeen LA SALSAS!You hurt me.
3	My girlfriend and I went out pretty late on a Wednesday night... We were trying to find something, anything that was open. It seemed like all of the restaurants in Mandalay Bay, except for the Burger Bar (which neither of us wanted to go to again) were closed. So we walked thru to Luxor and then Excalibur... Still nothing... So we made the decision to go across to MGM Grand and see what we could find in there...Walking thru the hotel towards the restaurants I saw Diego and asked if she would like to have Mexican. But of course! I shouldn't have even needed to ask. LOL.We decided to order off of their Prix Fixe Menu... For anyone that hasn't done this, it's a great way to try out a restaurant for a pretty reasonable cost. Diego Prix Fixe Menu $32/personWe each had a Margarita to start out with, then I had a tortilla soup and my girl had a salad. For our entrees my girl had a chicken mole and I had the Tacos al Carbon which came with freshly hand made corn tortillas... I could have eaten 10 of those pillow like dreams! LOLThe food was very good all around. The price perfect for a late night meal, especially when you get a good strong drink with the meal too.
2	Came here after watching a show, and the fact that dela hoya came here was a little inspiring too.  The ambiance is pretty nice, very red, nice tables, fountain inside - very modern and slick.  Once again, the hostess was nice, but the waiter was a robot.  No personality, just got the job done.I ordered the cochinita (i think it's called).  It's basically a huge chunk of pork on the bone, cooked in banana leaves.  it was really tasty and fall off the bone tender.  But obviously, this was a guy kinda dish, since there was barely anything else on the plate.  A few grains of rice, and a veggie or 2 - that's it!  it was basically just a big chunk of meat.Hubs ordered the pork tacos, which just looked way better than what I got.  it came with all the fixin's and tortillas on the side.  I'll admit, I was jealous!  And of course I helped him eat some of it.  =)  The pork he got was super bland, though. Maybe cause he got more sides to make up for the lack of flavor...?Overall, after being wow'ed by the pretty decor, I wasn't too impressed with the food.  They served chips with salsa and flavored salt - which I kept eating all night.  The green/lime salt was my favorite.  I don't know if we'd come back - there are so many other restaurants just across the walkway that I'd rather try.
2	After a hard couple hours at the tables at the beautiful MGM, my buddy and I needed some food. I was famished. Vegas has this crazy spell it puts on me and I totally forget to eat. I think I get distracted by the shiny objects. But back to Diego's. The restaurant was beautiful! It had this modern Spanish style to it. Bright colors and once again those shiny objects that get me all the time! After a quick glance of the menu we decided this will do. During prime business hours we were able to get right in! Always a plus for me. The wait staff was very nice and I had myself a margarita. I don't enjoy margaritas to often, but I love them so much! However this margarita was more sour on the rocks then a margarita. Very disappointing. Next, on my slow spiral into Mexican sadness we were offered guacamole. Guac is free at the restaurant I work at, so silly me says sure! Little did I know I'd be paying top dollar for a mashed avocado with out flavor. You live, you learn. When our food came we were about ready to die from starvation. It took a little longer then I had anticipated. I was shocked! Not only did my cheese enchiladas look like two sad cheese logs in a pond of enchilada sauce, but all of our food looked so sad. I think they put it under the heat lamp way to long. The bill came and being the gentleman my friend is he paid. However I did sneak a peak and was amazed at how much the bill was for how dismal the product was. You might want to skip this place if at the MGM. You'll find better food at Chipolte. My experience here can be summed up in a quote from David Sedaris, "The food was awful, and there was so little of it".
5	He looked at me and said "this might be the best ribeye I have ever had in my life". "He" has worked in the food industry for over 15 years and tends to be a harsh critic, so I knew I needed to reach across the table and try a bite. Wow! The carne asada rare at Diego was fantabulous!!!!!! My food was good too. And the fresh hot chips were a bonus. I liked the modern decor and ambiance. Service was not necessarily the fastest, but it was not at all lacking. We were well attended and really enjoyed the whole experience.
4	The bf and I were looking for an after-show snack and found Diego.We got their guacamole for 2, Diego Sampling (Braised Beef Taquitos, Crispy Braised Chicken Empanadas, and Chorizo Quesadilla with a Three Layer Dip) and the White Snow Crab Cocktail. The sampler was alright but could have done without. The guacamole was made fresh and at our table. the Crab cocktail came chilled and tasted great with the nacho chip. Both DELICIOUS!!Service as great. The waiter & waitress were very friendly and recommended we try their churros for dessert. It came with 6 sticks of churros and 3 dips; Chocolate Morita Sauce, Raspberry and Caramelized Goat Milk. Yum yum!!
3	Diego's, located inside of the MGM, has a sleek decor with a set of fake stairs that you'll want to climb after a few of their margaritas.  Lord knows why, but my buddy and I each decided to buy a specialty fruit-fused drink then dumb it down for a pitcher.  Yeah, we got wasted.  The tequila was of a decent quality, but trust me: we paid for it.The restaurant is expensive, and the bang for the buck was unimpressive.  Complimentary chips are a no-brainer for any Mexican restaurant worth its tortillas.  The three salsas were nice, especially the smokey chipotle.  But you may wish to bypass the intriguing flavored salts if your flip-flops have brought you to Margaritaville.Same goes for the Veracruz Seafood Pot.  With visions of lobster, prawns, clams, tomato, garlic, spinach, and other yum, I picked this over the tacos al carbon.  Very soon, I wished otherwise.  Saline overload!The table-side guacamole helped a bit.  But to be honest, the avacados were under-ripe.I know I'm hard to please with this cuisine.  However, when one's learned from a Mexican and knows what fresh is, there's a high bar to reach.The service is excellent.
3	I was taken here for a large group dinner so we had the back room to ourselves for the night. I didn't pay for the check so price wasn't a concern of mine for the evening. The service was pretty attentive but we were a large party in on a Monday night. The Guacamole de Lujo was our family style starter and it was fantastic. Some great Haas avocados were mixed in with some other quality products to really start the meal off right. For the main course I mostly honed in on the Pollo Horno con Mole, Chile Rellenos, and short ribs which were all decent but not overwhelming. The decor might translate to the Mexican countryside as they claim but the food isn't close to authentic Mexican. The bathrooms are tucked in an odd corner and inconvenient to get to along with a "shared" sink area which is kind of strange. This place is also tucked way in the back of the casino so if you valet or come via monorail you will burn 400 calories (1.5 miles if I remember, haha) just trying to get into this place. The place isn't as bad as some people in these posts make it out to seem but for the prices and the competition just in the MGM I think this shouldn't be your first choice.
3	I honestly think this deserves more of a 2.5, but hey I feel like being nice. We came here with a semi large group - 8 people. We were seated within 15 minutes which was excellent. Then the waiting began. A  inattentive and somewhat condescending waiter took our orders after 40 minutes. My friend ordered a drink and when it came it was not up to par, and when she complained the waiter had the nerve to instruct her on what the drink was - as if she didnt know!The food was actually great. The chips and salsa were excellent. The tortilla soup was awesome. Somewhat expensive IMO, especially for poor service. I am totally over spending a lot of $$ at restaurants that don't appreciate the business.
2	Amazing food, horrendous service!Are large group (eight total) was seated at a very quick pace, but that was when the service ended. It took 20 minutes to flag down a hostess to get a waiter.  The gentleman that waited on us (pretty sure he wasn't our waiter to begin with) was rude, gave me a margarita that looked like it had had two sips taken from it...Food took 2 hours to be served.  That being said, the food was all amazing. Tortilla soup was bomb and the Guac was to die for!  I would give this place one more chance to make up for the lack of service, the food was damn good.
4	I came here after several high end meals, and was craving something basic like a good ol' taco. What I got was yet another amazing meal. The fresh guac was made table side. The chips came out with three different salsas as well as three different flavored salts to compliment them. I made a meal out of the tortilla soup and the birria appetizer. Wow! Great tortillas, great service. Too many tequilas and mezcals to even count.
5	My boy told me that diegos is the spot on friday nights for those interested in having an awesome time while dancing to spanish music and he was right on. We were there the moment they opened theirs doors at 1130pm on fri night till the lights came on. Only time dancing does not occur is while ordering drinks, on second thought I take that back. It smaller than your average venue but its should suit those not interested in those ridiculous club crowds. Here you can dance without spilling drinks and stuff like that. From this experience I see that people at diegos are interested in what needs to be done..... No B.S.  We tried to go back on late Saturday night and the wait was two hours, no bueno.
3	I recently was in Las Vegas for a convention in the MGM's Convention Center.  I was amazed...We checked in Sunday night and although we worked, ate, drank, gambled, drank more, etc...we did not leave the MGM until Thursday night...WTH!?My buddy and I tried to hit up the Happy Hour at Seablue, but a lack of seating at the bar mixed with a pair of empty stomachs just wasn't workin' out there...I swore I wasn't going to go there, but it was a peak dining hour and we weren't going to eat unless...dammit, here goes...A step away from the bouginess of the MGM...there rests Diego.  Casual dining, this is not Nobhill, nor L'atelier...you will not be eating a 16-course tasting menu, or enjoying a lobster pot pie, lobster corndogs, etc....No, this is Diego!Have you ever thought about what it would be like if a Kenyan vegetarian reworked the menu at El Torito?  No?, well think about it...It would still be food, but it wouldn't really be Mexican, would it?  Well, that's how I feel about Diego...it's food, but it's not really Mexican at all...You know that salad that you get on the side of your plate at most white-washed Mexican places?  Usually crappy iceberg lettuce and some carrot shavings, I tend eat around it...I order some Chicken Enchiladas thinking it's gotta be the least disappointing thing on the menu.  Ugh, my food is buried under this lettuce...WTH!!?  Scrape the lettuce away and you see what it was hiding, BLAH!!Service was good...come enjoy the beer and the chips & salsa...Come because the wait is too long everywhere else, come because you're starving, but not because you're hoping to try the MGM's unique twist on Mexican food...it is what it is...
4	Excellent Mexican food.  There is a reason there is a wait for lunch.  The tortilla soup was the best I ever tasted.  Great presentation and good service.
5	This place has a great location that is perfect to people watch, really good food, and really good service. We went there for dinner because we were staying at the MGM and were seated right away and our waiter was great and really attentive. We weren't super hungry so we just got an appetizer sampler and some sangria. The appetizers were sooo good and their chips and salsa are super tasty too. The sangria was strong and really tasty. This was a really fun food experience and I would definitely recommend it to anybody visiting Vegas!
3	3.5 stars.Weary from a busy conference, I suggested dinner at Diego to my companions, looking forward to margaritas and spicy cuisine. Based on the fierce, sexy campaign for patronage that was splashed throughout the MGM Grand, Diego was clearly looking to entice a sensual crowd into its space, so I was also hoping for a bit of eye candy. But as the walls throbbed with bass and the red interior lighting cast a hellish glow on our faces, I was tempted to order room service, until the appeal of tacos and ceviche anchored my feet to the tiled floor. We collectively sighed as we sank into plush chairs in the middle of the restaurant, only to be startled by the arrival of our bubbly server, whose desire to identify fun drinks pricked our nerves. Clearly, we had all transformed into grimalkins at this point.Declining the fresh guacamole that is prepared tableside, we ordered a variety of tacos, including shrimp, beef, and chicken. Each plate came out artfully arranged, four small square plates holding meat, condiments, seasoned beans, and veggies. Layering the juicy meat with beans, crema, tomatoes, cilantro, and cheese, I found myself seeking more spice, but was grateful that I had not ordered the shrimp, which were small and seemed to be overcooked. The meat was tender and I enjoyed the tacos, but not enough to remember them several months from now. Surprisingly, the portions were nicely sized, and as we drained our glasses, we agreed that Diego had served a delicately seasoned, nourishing meal. Alas, there were not sparks or lightning bolts.
2	Server was nice and attentive. Thus the two stars. Food had zero redeeming qualities. Mushy and flavorless.
5	I am absolutely in LOVE with Diego Mexican in Las Vegas, NV.After visiting by chance last September, I knew that Diego was at the top of my "must do" list each time I visit Vegas.  My last trip, I broke the record and experienced the infamous Mexican cuisine 3 times... smh.What a treat!!! :-)The best part about Diego is the service with a smile.  Each person not only holds true to the motto "service with a smile", but is also very knowledgeable about the food and top shelf tequila selection.MUST HAVES:Fresh guacamole made to order table-side; WARNING: you will not be able to complete a meal after margaritas, chips and guacamole.  I like mine spicy :-)Top Shelf Margaritas - The waitstaff and bartenders know every detail about each premium tequila served.  Ask question  and you will taste the purest mix of orange, lime and tequila. :-)There are many exquisite main courses to experience at Diego.  To be honest, by the time my entree arrives, I am usually two stuffed and only take two bites...When in Vegas... Do Not Miss This Treat... Xoxo
4	Favorite Mexican food around. Just very expensive. Not sure if I would go there if I had to pay, was on business.Table side Guacamole is really good and they make it to your spice level. Which is great!Food was really good, but pricey.Got a pitcher of Margaritas and it was very good. The bar is a good place to pop in for a good Margarita, but I don't like to pay for many drinks when in Vegas. Large tequila selection and bartenders are very helpful in selection.Price is the only thing that keeps this from getting 5 stars.
2	This place was seriously disappointing.We waited for our names to be called at a table in the bar. There appeared to be only one server for the bar and she kept saying she'd be right there to take our drink order. 10-15 min. later, our name was called and we still hadn't had our drink order taken.Our table service was better, but not by much. We waited a long time to have our order taken, and the server didn't come to check on us more than twice. The food was fine for the price, but it certainly doesn't stand out among the best Mexican restaurants. Seemed cheesy/gimmicky to me (it is Vegas, though!).
5	This is officially me and my boy Lu.E.'s (SSSSTTTUUU!!!!) spot on friday nights. We went for the second time this past weekend. It was the same drunken dancing mess it was the first time and simply amazing. This place is full of locals. We met two pairs of ladies the first time and they were there again this  time and were hella cool. Only thing is that the locals here dont like the after parties. We also had bottle service. Its nexpensive in Vegas money. Its 1 bottle per 4 peeps. There was one small drawback about the bottle service...you pour your own stuff more often than you should. In addition, the tables are a bit removed from the dance floor. So if youre into people checking you out while youre popping bottles you might want to reconsider unless youre like me and dont give a crap about that as long as you pull!! One more thing. If your trying to check in with your iphone app, good luck cos this place doesnt show up for some strange reason.
5	Love this place, it's one of my favorite restaurants. It's kind of hard to get to though if you aren't staying at MGM or the Signature. The table side guacamole and margaritas are excellent. I order the same thing every time I come here but never get bored of it - the shrimp tacos are my go-to. This place is also really fun to when you're with a big group, just make sure to make a reservation.
3	We went here for some drinks before we went out for night. We grabbed some "small bites" along with our sangria. Sangria was greaaaaat, small bites wellllllllll kinda were lame. My boyfriends literally came  in what looked like a popcorn cone you get at the local fair. Overall the drinks are great and so is the vibe in the place. Maybe just somewhere for a quick happy hour. They did have a margarita popsicle that I really wanted to get, but forgot because I was so into their sangria. Next time!!
4	This is why I love MGM, so many wonderful restaurant choices. We were craving Mexican, so we started out with a Cadillac Margarita ($14.00 each), which was very STRONG!!! So Yummy though. The Guacamole was nothing special, very small portion for $12.00. The Chips and Salsa are plentiful, and I like that they give you 3 different kinds of Salsas to choose from. My BF ordered the Taquitos, cause the chips, salsa and guacamole were very filling. He loved them. They are the perfect serving and size and have a very yummy taco sauce over them. I ordered the Enchiladas. Very good sauce, and large serving size for my size. haha.....I was overly full when I left, which kind of ruined it for me, but overall, they have great food. Just don't overeat, cause it doesn't feel good when in Vegas!
4	Just returned from the wet hot East Coast and I was jonesing for some rip roaring Mexican food.  I wanted some salsa as hot as  the lightning storm I had just waded through, and thought Diego might be the place.  The place was packed, and the red walls lured me in.  We couldn't get a table,and since we were jet lagging bad, we ate at the bar, which turned out to be beside a waterfall.  Bathing in the negative ions of the water, I began feeling slowly refreshed, as  I took in the sophisticated red red decor and suave art works.  The friendly waitress handed me three notebooks, and I thought there was going to be a test, or at least I might get some school credit, but no, it turned out one was just the tequila menu.  By the bottle, because I wasn't going to pay $45 for a shot....so I finally focused on a Pomegranite margarita with a float of Grand Marnier, since it matched the red walls and helped me blend into the Vegas aura.  A few slurps later, and I was happily  diving into homemade chunky Haas avacado guacamole with big crispy tortilla chips,  (One slight improvement might be warmed chips.) and three salsas.  A fine way to get the palate going.  We each ordered tacos, one pork and one shrimp, and the marathon was one.  Three tacos later, I was satisfied, along with some of the tastiest refried frijoles ever!   The light touch on the food made me feel like I was back in California already!I'm ready to go back and dance when the restaurant turns to a club! The portions were so huge, I had a shopping bag full of food for the plane the next dayNothing beats using Las Vegas as a travel hub!!!
5	Ambience is amazing and they make the best guacamole I've ever had!
3	After party hardy drinking at rockhouse, we were having the after drinking junkfood galore carb load cravings, particularly Mexican at that moment...5 of us decided to go to Diego since that was the closest thing to Mexican in the hotel.Our server was SO NICE even if some of us were drunk and acting annoying. He made suggestions on what is good and brought everything and more that we needed for the table. The tableside made guacamole was delicious as well. We were snacking on the chips with salsa/guac while waiting for our food which took quite awhile...Their carne asada is the best thing out of all the things we ordered that night.... My boyfriend got some fish dish : seabass and he thorougly enjoyed it but me and my friend thought its texture in our mouth was like mucus cuz it was way too soft...i got this pork dish which i forgot. It was fork tender and good with the tortillas but not something i would pay $$$ for ...Its not someplace i would come back to and not worth spending money on unless it was comped like this time. I have a hard time justifying spending $$$ on mexican food.Some king taco and carne asada super fries wouldve cured that junky mexican craving better, Of course but hey its Vegas!
4	OMG! This Place is SOOOOOOOOOO Good! My first time was a couple years ago. I tried making reservations last year on Valentines day, but they had no availabilities.... wasn't happy.  I just went back last month while staying at the MGM! I'm tired of hearing people complain about high menu prices at places like this.  It is so worth it! The quality of the food and margaritas is an A+.  The guac they make at your table is divine! I had 2 orders!  I also got the same thing I did my first time there... the chicken mole'.  I practically licked the plate clean! Diego is a MUST for anyone!
3	We came here during happy-hour and ordered almost every item on the menu. Every item was we ordered were small portions, but delicious. The decor was modern and spacious, but I expect this because we are in Vegas.
5	The BEST DRINKS IN VEGAS!!!!!!!!! Yummy, authentic, with a creative twist. Best ingredients. Can't wait to come back!
4	Can't go on a trip without Mexican food! And Deigos hit the spot!.... Nice place, with a great decor. Everyone is very friendly and attentive. We made reservations, which I highly recommend. We had a group of about of 6 and they set us in a red room in the back. It was nice aand quiet, only a couple more tables around us. This can be causal or semi dressy. But it's vegas, come on! :) You have to always be in style! My friends had the tortilla soup, which they enjoyed. EmpanadasBraised Chicken with Red Chile and Roasted Tomatoes with Guacamole and Ancho Tomatillo Salsa , You dont get many, bc this is considered a small plate. Plus with the margaritas you will be drinking, I repeat you will be drinking, small plates are the way to go.I also had: Diego Seafood CocktailGrilled Lobster Tail, Citrus Poached Shrimp & Scallops, and Lump Crab, with a Chipotle Cocktail Sauce. The portion for this was perfect! I was a bit full, barely could finish my drink. But they did a great job!Everything cooked well and great flavors.
4	Great Mexican food! The Diego Enchiladas were fantastic. The margaritas good, but a little dangerous! We were able to get a table for 8 immediately. Waitstaff was friendly and very accommodating to special diets, but very very slow.
5	It was Girls' Night Out, so where to go for dinner?  One of us (not I) is a high roller, so on the way to the Strip she phoned the Players' Club at MGM to see if she had enough comps for dinner at Diego for the three of us.  She did, and then some.  I'd gone there for my birthday last year and loved it, so I expected to have a good meal.  And we did!The decor is beautiful, and the menu is many notches above your typical combination-plate Mexican joint.  Our waiter was efficient, but not terribly personable, even though I spoke to him in Spanish (and I am not just another gringa - I lived in Mexico).The three of us shared an order of taquitos.  Normally, I skip anything deep-fried, but these looked too good to pass up, so I indulged.  Thin, hot, crisp, and not greasy, and covered with - but not drenched by - that divine Mexican crema and a good sprinkling of cotijo cheese.  Yummy!!We shared a Chiles en Nogada salad.  I expected a very small portion for the $9 charge, but it was a full bowl:  mixed greens, thin slices of granny smith apples, walnuts, and a bunch of other stuff.  The high roller wasn't crazy about it, but I and my other friend loved it.We also had an order of Queso Fundido.  This typical Mexican appetizer is usually just cheese and ground chorizo.  This one was truly special:  it had a few more things included, and was amazingly garnished with squash blossoms (flor de calabaza) - unheard of in the U.S.  Served with perfect, warm corn tortillas, it is not to be missed.For our main course, we shared the Carne Asada tacos.  A large plate with the roast meat, grilled onions, black bean puree, and rice were accompanied by more of those corn tortillas that were so authentic (and so unlike the rubber we're accustomed to at other places), that I felt as if I was back in Mexico.Coffee is served with a little cup on the side containing white and brown sugar cubes and an ample amount of thin slivers of dark chocolate.  It's supposed to be melted into the coffee, but I had it sort of as a little dessert.We left well-stuffed and very happy.  I would have loved it even if I had to pay for it!
5	We may have been spoiled because I went for a Bachelorette dinner and our meal was specially created by Chef Simon who is a good friend of one of my girlfriends. At first, I was not expecting anything more than another filling, greasy, mexican meal. Then, I tasted the salsa trio and each was a burst of flavor. All of them were delicious- green chile and smoky chipotle were my faves. Then the meal went up a notch when the guacamole cart came around. The guacamole was made fresh table side. Ours was spicy and so good!! I am going to make some at my next party. Then came the main course:Sea Bass- cooked to perfection, buttery, melted in my mouthSteak- medium rare, juicy, mouthwateringChicken Mole- tender, sauce was killer, could lick it off the plateRice and beans- beans didn't have the canned refried bean taste, not oily. Desserts- Cheesecake, Choc Cake, Flan, and beignets (?) I was too full to taste all of them but the fried donut looking things were good. I am a fan of sugar donuts so I liked it. It was such a good meal that it made me sleepy. I wanted to call it a night but it was just the beginning.....hour 14 of my 24 hrs in Vegas!Thanks  to Chef SIMON and his staff for giving us excellent food and superb service.
3	After walking the strip all afternoon, my friends and I stumbled into this establishment looking for great (strong) drinks and some good, filling food before getting ready to go out for the night.The house margarita was delicious and the pitcher of sangria was a great choice; however, I wasn't prepared for the tiny plates of food that were brought out..  I ordered the chicken empanadas ($9) and couldn't suppress a laugh when 3 fortune-cookie sized empanadas came out on a tiny plate.  Aside from the unexpected tiny portions, Diego's was just fine.  I'm always a fan of watching people make my guacamole (even though this guac seemed a little bland) and was impressed by the assortment of salsas and different flavored salts that they provide.If I were to go back, I'd stick to the drinks with chips and salsa and have dinner elsewhere.(Note: Don't show up in tacky flip flops and grubby clothes from the night before - you'll feel grossly under-dressed as they walk you past the beautiful people and into the back dining room.  Far, far away from the public eye.)
4	Stopped in for Happy Hour, it was an early one, I think their specials are from 4-5:30pm. We just wanted a little snack so we ordered the Papas con Queso...waffle fries smothered with a yummy red sauce, cheese and cream...and they were fantastic! Our little snack turned into a little more though with the complimentary chips and salsa trio they brought out, which we weren't expecting. Salsas were okay but the chips were really good. Total bill with the one beer my husband had was $10. Will definitely be back again!
4	Come here and get this: Pork Shank Pibil. The pork was extremely tender. i was very happy with this dish. i was not expecting anything special but to my surprise the this had loads of flavor. The black beans are not your average black beans either. Nice presentation on the plate, and I love how there was no rice, which often dominates at these fancier Mex places. As for other things the guac ingredient include sun-dried tomatoes which gave it a different refreshing taste. Service is nothing special here.  Margarita is a good size, but nothing special.  They need more specialy drinks eveything is tequila.   But food surprising good.
3	So they lost a reservation for 9, really.  It took a bit of negotating but they ended up putting us in a private room.  Thank god because it is loud in there. The restrant is really cool inside.  There are fishtanks with no fish just bubbles.  Neat bar with the most extensive tequilla list I have seen.  Chairs were comfortable.  They did tableside guacamole and that was really rather bland. The show of it was not great either, he stood in the doorway and we saw nothing.  The highlight of the meal was seriously the coffee.  They serve it with shaved chocolate.  The food was okay, less then Agave but more expensive(its the strip so what do you expect).  I dont think I would come back because it was really loud and nothing stood out.  It wasnt terrible just A OK!
4	Wonderful, personable bartenders! We went for their Happy Hour. The margaritas were excellent and appetizers were also very good.
5	Our last night in LV before heading back to SoCal.Mrs Crash wanted real mexican; no franchise allowed...but who can really tell in this franchise driven country?Walking through the MGM we came upon this shining gem.Amazing interior, waterfall and live fish tanks more reminiscent of an upmarket japanese restaurant than mexican.Beautiful decor aside, it is all about the taste and we were not disappointed at all.Fantastic salsas and flavoured salts were served while we pondered the menu. All had a tremendous burst of freshness and light, not all to our taste, but all definitely worth trying.We were not exactly starving, so decided to share 3 'appetisers' (plus we are getting used to USA serving sizes). The standout dish was the goat - slow cooked and juicy and tender. Served simply with some flat bread - tip: add a little of the table-side-made gaucamole to it for a taste sensation.So much better than any franchise (Chili, or El Torito for example) - If you're in LV and fancy Mexican then this is the place to be!!!
4	5 stars for the UNBELIEVABLY delicious guacamole, made at our table. I think it's key to tell them to make it spicy, though! it has the perfect kick!1 star taken away for the gross sea bass that 3 of us ordered that was bad, off, whatever... just not good.The service started out well...and then suffered from there. But the ambiance, the ease of which they seated 8 of us...and that guacamole would give me reason enough to come back and give them another chance.Oh, and the mayan martini was DELISH...couple that with a vat of guac, and I would be a happy camper!
4	diego is one of my favorite fancy mexican restaurants in town. its on restaurant row of mgm grand, their interior is lively w brightly lit walls. one of the best things they have is their table side guacamole service. fresh fresh fresh! you gotta order it, it is delightful. the salsas with their chips were really good. everything seemed really fresh, the chipotle one was the best. i had the chicken mole and it was delicious. tender fall off the bone chicken and their mole sauce was to die for. the prices are reasonable and the place was pretty laid back and casual but still on the higher end side.a good place to go if you are looking to get your mexican food fix thats decent, well prepared, wout worrying about mystery meat in  your plate :)
4	So much fun here... I came here in 2008 with a group of girlfriends and some guys friends  from Jalisco and just  like us they  wanted to go dancing like real dancig not just a club with like top 40 music. They told us about Diego's so we went, it was so alive when we got there the walk through the MGM was great  the entrance was 20 bucks but well worth it. I had the remy and coke drinks coming so i was feeling great quickly, they were playing salsa, cumbias, spanish rock and all of a sudden BANDA (Mexican Regional Music) !! they whole room went crazy it was like Finally they played something other than lady gaga or hip hop it was a great night and the drinks were great My friend Maria Perez had a couple of cadillacs so they must have been really good cuz she knows her drinks... A great dance floor and long bar with enough bartenders to not keep you waiting... Enjoy..
4	My husband and I both ordered the chefs sample plate and it was delicious!  We also ordered a side of beans and rice to split.  My husband didn't get enough to eat from just his plate but the waiter told us before that they were small helpings.  What I didn't eat made up for his big stomach but the food really was delicious.  My husband isn't a fan of mexican and he was surprised how much he liked it.  Super good, loved everything and they were very accommodating for our three unruly children.
3	This review pertains to their happy hour specials from Sunday-Thursday, 4-5:30pm.The Skinny: great complimentary chips and salsa and pork tortas do not take away from the surprisingly bland guacamole and greasy carnitas tacos (3) Service: bar lounge service was good but not outstanding, (3) Value: overall, an order of tortas, 2 orders of tacos, guacamole and a dessert (not on the happy hour menu) ended up being $30 - which is expensive for the level of cuisine.My hubby was really excited to try out their happy hour and their chocolate tres leches cake. Plus the stories of tableside guacamole through Yelpers really made this place on our must-try list.We had 2 orders of tacos (carnitas and chicken mole), tortas, guacamole, and to top it all off, a slice of chocolate tres leches.First the good news. Great complimentary chips with three salsa to sample - a salsa fresca, salsa verde, and a chipotle salsa. The pork tortas ($6)  were good - tender, marinated pork sandwiched in a slightly over toasted bun. The chicken mole tacos (2 tacos for $5) was well seasoned with a little Asian (?) flare to it. Okay, now the ugly. I have never had a blander guacamole ($3). During happy hour, they do not offer tableside guac... it's served directly to you so you can't adjust the flavourings. It tasted only of avocado and of little else. For three bucks, you can get a better tub of guacamole at a supermarket. Basically, don't waste your money.The carnitas tacos (2 for $5) were rather disappointing. The meat was tough and underseasoned. Dry and greasy at the same time, the sprinkling of a watery radish salad did nothing to improve the situation.The worst dish of the evening was the rather poor rendition of tres leches cake ($9). Tres leches cake ought to be an airy sponge cake soaking in a milky liquid - it is beautiful in its simplicity. However at Diego, the tres leches cake had an overly dry brownie consistency which made it difficult for the underlying liquid to saturate the cake. Add in some overly sweet do-dads (too sweet chocolate nibs, meringue, ice cream), the actual product had little to do with tres leches cake.Overall, some hits and misses. A three starred review.
3	The ambiance was nice and the servers were friendly.  The decor is very trendy and not what I would expect in a Mexican restaurant...but this is Vegas, after all.  Unfortunately, the food wasn't anything to write home about.We weren't very hungry so only ordered the tableside guacamole,  taquitos.and a couple of mojitos.  The guacamole was doused in far too much lime juice so all we could taste was lime.  And the sundried tomatoes in it were weird - they should use regular diced tomatoes instead.  We wound up scooping some of the pico de gallo into the guacamole which helped a little bit but the lime was just too overpowering.The taquitos were pretty good as were the mojitos.  Nothing amazing but nothing great.It's also VERY expensive for what it is.  For our simple meal, the bill was about $50.
3	Great place for lively music and tasty food. Great margaritas and table side guacamole with sun dried tomatoes.
4	I love this place. Great decor, upscale Mexican.  The guacamole is outstanding.  The enchiladas Diego are the best I have ever experienced.  A must for Mexican food lovers.
4	This place is easily accessible if you're staying at the MGM, if not, enjoy the maze.  Prices are comparative to other decent Vegas restaurants...so yes, overpriced, but no more overpriced than everything else.  Expect to spend at least 30 bucks.Their food is good, portions perfect.  I had the steak tacos, which were more akin to steak fajitas, but they were good, so I didn't mind.   I had leftovers, which I enjoyed and needed the next day.  The green salsa - delicious...if it was a drink option I'd be all about it.My only complaint is the lack of Margarita popsicles.  They are advertised everywhere and despite the cold, un-Vegas-like weather, a margarita popsicle sounded delicious.  Plus, you look a little less ridiculous walking with a popsicle instead of those yard-long plastic juices people have leashed around their necks.  Our waiter looked at us as though we had asked for some alien dish and then went to check on the popsicle status...none to be found, check back tomorrow.  And as everyone knows, the shelf-life for remembering to do something in Vegas is about five minutes...so unfortunately I missed out on the marg pops. Overall, I'd gladly return, in the summer, and next time I better get my popsicle.
3	Haha. Diego. Unfortunately this review may be based on the hype it got before we actually went to eat here... but it was seriously just OK for me. Im not huge on mexican food but it was better than usual for me (although thats not saying much).  The service was SLLLOOOWWW. We ordered guac and the guy came after an hour. The sangria was actually really good. I got Fish tacos which were really good... but then again after waiting for what seemed like at least 1.5 hrs for food anything in my face would have gotten devoured.  Might have been a bad night... so i'll give them some leeway and give em 3 stars... but it was a 2 star dinner.
4	Loved the environment! Food was excellent. Just the right portion! Salsas were amazing.
4	Great service, good food, awesome drinks!
4	Diego has amazing chips and salsa.  I love salt and the flavored salt trio that came with the chips was fantastic.  I ordered the chef's tasting menu and it was quite tasty.  It had several different beef selections on it and each one was interesting and delicious.  It was a little pricier than the average Mexican joint, but I thought it was worth it.  Margarita hit the spot.
2	I really wanted to like this place and for the most part I did.  The major flaw that I cannot look past is the Tortilla soup.  They brought out a bowl with a piece of chicken and cheese in it, then poured hot water on top.  I tried putting lime and salt into the bowl but I couldnt keep spooning water into my mouth.  I also had to cut the chicken since it came in 1 piece.Other foods were good, but I can turn on a sink for hot water.
3	Enjoyed the sangria with the grilled fish tacos.  Great meal but it was WAY TOO LOUD!  Could hardly carry on a conversation...
4	This is one of the more decent Mexican restaurant in Las Vegas, Nevada.   I like their coffee, it's served with chocolate just the way Diego Rivera (to which this restaurant was named after) likes it.  The salsa is hot, I think made with Habaneros - I tricked a friend into trying it and it made his face erupt like a volcano.The food is great and the portions are..well American sized, definitely more than I could eat.  The ambiance is good, very nice wall decor of Diego's work as well as Frida's.
1	Worst restaurant during our entire stay in Vegas. Service and food was horrible. Our waiter gave us bad service. You're better off going to McDonalds. Very expensive.
2	We had intended to make an appearance for happy hour but got the times wrong.  Please note it's done at 5:30 (not starts at!)  This put a damper on our expectations: from affordable mexican eats to high end fare.  The latter fell short with bland, overpriced food.  Service was very pleasant, but do yourself a favor and avoid the chile relleno at all costs.  Bluck.
1	OK!  came here because my sister thought it would be some good mexican food. Absolutely not this place is so far away from REAL!! MEXICAN FOOD its a disgrace if i could give NO stars i would so i had a Chile quille which was a made up americanized concoction so far away from a real chile quille would have my grandparents rolling in their graves.  Couldent remember what my sis had but she said it was sure not satisfying never going back again!!! If you are in the mood for FAKE MEXICAN FOOD then this is the place to go. You would think with the high price they would actually have real food very disappointed.... READERS beware not real MEXICAN FOOD!!!!!! : (.....
2	We like Mexican food, and this was only 'food' from the standpoint that we were no longer hungry afterwards, but unfortunately also regretful for having invested time in chewing... and waiting.  Allow me to explain... The trio of salsas brought out with tortillas as we were seated were all but tasteless.  The 'made just for you, table-side guacomole' was too salty, too much lime juice, not enough avocado - the ratios just weren't right, and this was sadly the theme of the meal.  The ceviche was OK, but was almost exclusively shrimp... where was the lobster that was also supposed to be in this pricey appetizer?  Obviously, ceviche needs acid to 'cook' the protein, but the acid wasn't balanced or complex.  So the tastes of salt and lime where first, middle and last.  We've had much better for much less cost in places less exotic than Las Vegas, such as Chicago. The considerable lag between tortillas and 'real food' was annoying and the music was loud.  The saturation of red in the decor was interesting from the outside but more gloomy than mood-setting once we were seated and the images on the video screens were jarring and did not contribute positively to enjoying food.  I ordered two appetizers and a side as my meal, wanting to try a wider variety of their offerings that just an entree might have provided.  Queso Fundido - primary taste: salt.  Stringy cheese is always fun, but that was the highlight of my meal, this generous portion of blah.  I adore goat, but this could have been any kind of stringy, salty but otherwise tasteless protein, a mealy mastication chore.  I can't remember what the 'side' was called, but was disappointed that it was regular button mushrooms smothered in a heavy, all-but-tasteless cream.  I have never tried properly prepared corn smut and was hopeful that this was what I'd be getting.  But, no.  For those of you who might be curious, "Huitlacoche ("wee-tlah-KOH-cheh"), also referred to as Mexican corn truffle, can be eaten either cooked or fresh."  My husband's black beans were not as satisfying as any you could have gotten from a can and his chile rellenos (sp?) where apparently plated cold because they welded together into a dough ball with cheese in the middle.  Our overwhelming impression was food that was unimaginatively interpreted/prepared/presented, over-salted and only appropriate for the most flaccid of tastebuds. I gave a '2' because the pitcher of margarita was pretty good, though I am not a liquor connoisseuse.  On the other hand, the number of antacids needed to help put the memory of this meal behind us should be the better indicator of 'don't bother with this place'.
3	platters sized for twotableside guac, standard, goodtoo many black beansa well-priced dinnera rarity in vegas!too full for dessert
5	Man,that was the best Tortilla Soup I  had in my 27 years on Planet Earth.It doesn't get any better than this when it comes to Tortilla Soup.My wife had 2 drinks that knocked her off her feet and we had a ball.I actually ran into this place just walking around the mgm grand.I cant wait to go back.I wish I could have it frozen and delivered.lol
3	The food was good. DO NOT order the guacamole! It's a big rip off. The portions are on the small side and the prices are on the high side for Vegas. The food is spicy, so grab some antacids after the meal.
3	Don't order the queso - it's a big hunk of melted cheese that gets harder and tougher to eat as it cools.  The margaritas use real lime juice, so if you're used to a sweeter margarita, order a fruity one.  Ricardo was our bartender and he was great!  Friendly, hospitable and engaging!  Chips and salsa were good and they gave us three different types of salsa - yum.
4	Pretty good, if you are staying at MGM and it is convenient.  Otherwise, maybe not worth making a special trip.  Nice atmosphere, fountain.  Good service, friendly bartenders.  My spouse liked the Michalada -- beer and bloody mary spices/seasonings.  Refreshing and different.Food is "upscale Mexican".. so are the prices.  More expensive than Mexican normally is.  But reasonable compared to many other Vegas eateries on the strip.The chips and salsa you start with are awesome.. homemade and delicious.  Fabulous green salsa.  Nice flavored salts, but those were not needed with the chips.Had a combo appetizer plate-- delicious!   Entrees we shared such as Tacos Carbon with Carne Res, Chicken in Mole sauce, and Enchiladas Suiza were excellent.Time got away from us, and we had to go to "Ka".. waiter was great at rushing our order through, getting us the check quickly.They even called our room the next day to tell us we had left our credit card behind and they had it.   Thanks!  Nice spot!
3	"Fresh" off the plane, we grabbed drinks at Diego.  The waitress was very friendly and helpful, the drinks were cold and satisfying, the snacks were delicious.  There was also a beautiful array of tequilas on the wall.  Maybe it was the grumpy exhaustion, but I found the prices to be a bit much for what we had.
5	I absolutely loved this place. So much that I ate here twice and got drinks here 4 days in a row.While this is upscale Mexican food with an amazing and very large tequila menu, I have to urge you to order the Sangria... TDF (to die for)....I craved these every single day I was in town....Although Sangria seems like a very easy drink to make without screwing it up, I'm pretty particular about how it tastes. The Sangria at Diego was made with the perfectly-in my opinion- This is the perfect drink after laying in the sun all day. It's as refreshing as it gets. Of course the margaritas are amazing here with lots of various choices, including my favorite Skinny Margarita. So, these aren't to be missed either. Like others have said, the chips served with 3 salsas and 3 blended salts are awesome! I had these on more than 1 occasion...We also ordered the grilled chicken salad and chicken enchilada suiza. Both were very good. The kids meal was actually a great deal at just 7.00 for beef taquitos with rice, beans and churro for dessert...They thought there meal was the best they've had in quite awhile when eating out..Service was terrific and the ambience was very inviting...Now, we stayed at the Signature at MGM, so Diego was very convenient and kid friendly. Had we not stayed here we may not have made a trip just to eat here. This is simply because there are just soooo many restaurants to try in Vegas that you can usually just stay at your own hotel and find great places check out...If you are staying at Signature or MGM (or somewhere nearby), you should definitely check out Diego....
4	Loved this restaurant!!  We have been searching for a yummy Mexican restaurant in Vegas for a long while, and we came across this one during this past trip.  The best part for us, was that this restaurant and its staff really understand gluten free, which is an absolute necessity for my husband, who has celiac disease.  They had a gluten free menu available for him, and YES, the chips were gluten free (fried in their own fryer)!!  This is actually very rare back here in Chicago, so it's nice to see Vegas stepping up!I ate the fish tacos...pretty darn tasty, although a little rich for me, so I couldn't  finish them all and there were only two.My husband had the gluten free, enchiladas verde and he was in love. I think the best part for the both of us was the amazing guacamole, made fresh at the table.Oh...and one more thing...we found that the service at the restaurant was wonderful.  Never an empty glass, always patient with our many dietary questions.  Overall, top notch!
1	This place was so disappointing with their food, the service and even their decor. I had eaten here a few times so I was looking forward to eating here again and boy was it a let down. We ordered our drinks, I order a Tempranillo wine. I take a sip of it and it tastes just like vinegar! ugh. The waiter happens to walk by and hears me... He asked "you don't like it?" I replied "No, this tastes like it's been opened for a few days and it tastes like vinegar now." He replies with "Do you know what vinegar tastes like?" I looked and him and said "Yes, just like your wine." Needless to say he brought a new bottle to the table and had me try it before pouring a glass... what a difference! It was yummy!Now onto the flavorless food! Two of us ordered the tortilla soup. It was cool how they poured the broth into a bowl that had all the ingredients. However maybe this is why it lacked in flavor... it didn't have time to marinade. We added all kinds of items, salt, pepper, salsa to make it taste better! The ceviche was so bland too... no taste of seasonings or marinades not even lemon which is what you mostly marinade the fish/prawns in. The mole con pollo should have been written "Pollo con mole" cus it was all chicken and a small trace of mole. My friend ordered a side of mole and poured it in... added salsa, salt and pepper and then it was ok tasting.  The service... lets just say our waiter was non existent. We were going to order a round of shots but he never came back to see if everything was ok or if we wanted drink refills. When he finally showed up we just asked for the bill. Never again.
1	Luckily, there are thousands of places to eat in Vegas.Unluckily, we chose Diego last Thursday for my brother's pre-wedding dinner (there was no rehearsal, so technically, we can't call it a rehearsal dinner).There were 10 of us, so we had a private room in the back, which was, frankly, the only nice thing about this meal.After we were seated, the host asked if we'd like guacamole with our chips and salsa assortment (it came with a pico de gallo, a tomatillo salsa, and a hotter, chipolte-y salsa).  I figured there would be an extra charge - but not a $12 PER ORDER extra charge.  Ridiculous.  They made it fresh, right there at the table, but it was bland and tasted mostly like mayonnaise.  One order wasn't even enough for everyone to get a scoop- I think they used one lousy avocado for that $12 guac.The meals were definitely overpriced for the quality and quantity provided.  The tamales were bland, the tacos were greasy, the flank steak was overcooked (I ordered it blue rare and it came out medium.  Not medium rare, not rare.  Ew.  I tried sending it back but they couldn't manage to get it even remotely pink the middle.  Disgusting).  About half the table had cold food when it was served (and I don't think the fish tacos were intended to be a chilled dish).My mom's meal was comped because they gave her the entirely wrong dish but then a server never came back by our table so she never had a chance to point out the error.  So weak.Nearly $300 for the 10 of us, with no cocktails and just a few beers (thanks to $24 worth of crappy guacamole).  So my vote?  Skip Diego and find somewhere with 1) actual Mexican food, 2) an oven and 3) portions that, if actually edible, will fill you up.
5	Chips and salsa were outstanding. The bar tenders are so nice I had forgotten I was in a Vegas hotel. The fish taco's were not edible. The guy next to me ordered some else, and it looked great. He eat all of it unlike me and the fish tacos. I just ordered a bad selection, and amazingly the noticed and removed it from the bill. I never said one word complaining so this was truly a great experience and would bring me back. I left a BiG tip to reward great service.
3	Super slow service, even after we kept reminding the server that we had a show to catch, and very okay food. Not really too vegetarian friendly and the rest of the food was A-OK too.
2	Gosh, did I hate this restaurant. For being in a high-traffic area in Vegas, I am shocked it remains open.Food: We came during happy hour so we were only allowed to choose from a mediocre 10ish item menu. No one was impressed, and two of our party got horrible food poisoning from the pork. Can you think of a worse vacation to get food poisioning? Bland, all of it.Service: It took us over 20 minutes to get our check closed out. This was in the middle of the day with the bar half-full. Our waitress just disappeared for a solid 10 minutes. One of the busboys accidentally dumped salsa on me. A mistake, of course, but Diego isn't replacing those stained clothes.Ambiance: Was okay. I was seated next to an open doorway that led to the hotel walkway, so it was very loud. Probably better seats in the house than the one I had.
1	This was the worst food. The food was cold. The chips old. My wife and I ordered Cheese Enchiladas. And guess what, no beans no rice. That was extra. I also got ice tea. The bill was $40.00. Really.... Not worth it. Go someplace better.
4	We ate here for a taste of some good Mexican food and we werent disappointed. The restaurant is located in the MGM hotel and it was a bit difficult to find.  The decor is cool, especially the bathrooms. The salsa chips we munched on before our meal were fresh and tasty with the sides of guacamole, salsa and something else. We all ordered the soft tacos that came on a huge plate with your choice of meat, vegetables, beans and rice for $20. There were three of us and we all had to share a pot of the bread wraps, however it was more than enough because we were all satisfyingly fulfilled.  I was surprised they didnt have a big cocktail selection considering there was a huge bar in the front. I would return.
2	I wasn't too thrilled about this place.We waited for so long to get our food after we had placed order. The portion on the "pollo en Horno con mole" was small, it had two pieces of chicken about 1oz each. you might as well ordered a second plate a long with this one.The Guacamole, OMG where do i start. First off it was super expensice and it was regular guacamole, second, for $12 you literally got one avocado, mixed with the ingredients.
5	First things first: the make guacamole at your table....right there in front of you!!! :) It is $12....but typical for Vegas prices.We enjoyed what I would called "Mexican cuisine" as opposed to Mexican food. We both had a fancier dish, creating a higher bill, fuller tummy and more satisfied well being :) I had the chicken dish and my husband had pulled pork. They were both tender, with delicious sauce!Our staff was friendly, helpful and FAST! They were very attentive and answered all of our questions. As we are huge salsa fans, they were sure to refill our salsa (and only the ones we enjoyed most). What we liked most about the salsa was that eat salsa was accompanied by a salt that complimented the flavor! Delicioso!!We also enjoyed their homemade sangria. Aged fruit and wine!! :) And, as it was Vegas and we did not finish, we got to go cups!! Unheard of in Massachusetts, but as absolute blast.Zero complaints = 5 stars!
3	My review is not really based on the restaurant portion of the venue, but more of the after hours when they turn the place into a club like scene. It was on a Saturday night and around 11:30pm when the place really started picking up. The Dj was pretty good , he played a lot of variety that kept the people dancing. However it seemed like everyone was trying to pack into the area next to the bar, instead of spreading out throughout the rest the of the place. So it  was definitely elbow to elbow room mostly, like most clubs. The bar was very stocked. They also had a variety of drinks, even a numerous amount of different type of tequilas. The margaritas I had were very tasty and well proportioned. Overall it was a good atmosphere, the decor was nice, and the place seemed very alive. Like I said, I cannot contest to the food, but hopefully I will be able to one day. I am quite curious.
4	I recently went to Diego's while at a company conference, my team had a group dinner here. The menu was reasonable (for Vegas standards), the prices ($20-$40 per dish, pretty standard for Vegas). We got a couple of the homemade (at your table) Guacamole, which was really good. They make it to your taste (hot, mild, normal). I ordered the Mole, which was quite honestly the best Mole I have had in a very long time. There were a variety of dishes at our table and everyone seemed to enjoy their dinner. We ordered a variety of desserts, but NONE of them were that great. I ordered the Crepes, which sucked. Overall, It was good and I would recommend for anyone looking for good on the strip Mexican food.
4	Well, here I was on my 2nd trip to Vegas and having a pretty good time.  I was staying right behind MGM Grand at the Signature and it was getting pretty close to "Go Crazy" time.  So naturally before the festivities began me and my traveling companion needed to grab a bite before we got the night started.  We get to the restaurant entrance and are greeted by a very lovely hostess.  She escorts us to our table and the first thing you notice when you walk in is the very modern and stylish decor.  It may not be for everyone but I really liked it and the music as well.  Our server who's name escapes me now was very nice and just great all around.  We decided to try the guacamole for starters.  Now, I will tell you this. I've had Guac at many places including Rosa Mexicana (which I've always thought was very good).  That guacamole at Diego must have had crack in it I'm certain.  I could not stop feeding my face with that stuff.  Before I even knew what happened it was all gone.  And I felt kinda bad as my traveling companion never really stood a chance in battling with me for position over the guacamole.The entree that I had was the Arrachera (Flank Steak).  It was pretty good. I will say that I was NOT disappointed.  By the time the meal was done I was good and full.  No dessert that night.  The only thing left to the was thank our very nice server with a gracious tip and head back to the room to get ready for night.  Let me tell you that nice meal definitely helped out later on if you know what I mean, LOL.All in all I think DIego is a pretty nice restaurant.  The next time I'm in Vegas I would definitely like to go back.
3	PROS: Tasty food (that green salsa is awesome)              Delicious Sangria!               Friendly serverCONS: Pretty bad attitude delivered by the 2 high school(?) girls at the door. We arrived at 5:20pm and we were a party of 2, with a really sour face they told us food would begin at 5:30pm so we needed to wait, we agreed to wait at the bar but to our surprise, the bar area was super full and there was no place to sit down so we went back outside (it was 5:25) to ask her if we could get a table and wait the remaining 5 mins sitting in the restaurant area, she said NO, food starts at 5:30...really? by now it was already 5:29!!!!Anyways...we found a table at the bar and we ate there. Food was overpriced but tasty and the server forgot to bring our an order of rice and beans not to mentioned that took forever for our food to arrive. there was absolutely NOBODY before us so there's no excuse of saying the cook was very busy or something.Overall...3 stars and I may go back for the sangrias but that's about it.
5	Coming from San Diego, Ca, the supposed land of amazing Mexican food, I don't think I've had better (american-style) Mexican food in my life. I swear. I was dumbfounded by the deliciousness of each and every course my party and I ordered. Please do yourself a favor and order the following items: table-side Guacamole, table-side shaken ceviche, and the chicken enchiladas. I was taken aback at the flavor all these items had. We dined in early on a Saturday night and couldn't stop eating until each of us were stuffed. Nonetheless, we all planned on drinking back at the hotel room so I can't quite comment on the drinks. The service was exceptional. Our server (wish I remembered his name) was very honest and helped us navigate the large menu. I wish we had better seats (we were tucked away in the back and away from everyone else) and I will definitley come back and try more of these items next time I stay at the MGM. In fact, I say the restaurant row at the MGM is quite impressive (see my review for Craftsteak).
4	Pretty good option for dinner in the MGM. The table-side guacamole and salsa were delicious with the warm tortilla chips they served. We ordered the guacamole spicy but it definitely could have used a little more heat.I also had one of their margaritas on the rocks which was delicious though my friends who ordered frozen margaritas said they could have been stronger. I ordered the chicken enchiladas which were really good but again they could have been a bit spicier.Service was fine and the ambiance was nice. If you're looking for a tamer version of Mexican, this is a good place to go.
4	The four stars is for the service.  The food was uninspired. I'm biased living in San Diego and having killer options every day.Our party was a disaster. Changing the # of people the night of, swapping people between the first margarita and actually ordering the meal, etc. The staff all handled it great. We ordered table side guac. It was table side guac. Not too hard to screw up but fun for people that haven't seen it before.The margaritas were simple and tasty, ordered "skinny" style for no simple syrup.The carne asada ($35) was a big piece of fat...not too happy about it, but luckily wasn't too hungry that night and not in the mood to complain.Would try again for sure just on the service, probably order something different.
5	From the music, to the service to the food, it all was all excellent! My husband is from Mexico and is pretty hard to please when it comes to mexican food and he loved it! I highly recommend. Make reservations so you don't have to wait, it's great!! :-)
2	One word to describe the food at Diego: INTERESTING. Personally, I'd say Diego is good only for their salsa & chips. If I'd ever order from here, I'd get take out chips and salsa and eat it in the room. Somehow, I didn't even like their margaritas...how is it possible to screw up a margarita?? Idk... Anyways, we ordered the four course meal, and it wasn't terrible. It was...interesting. I could see how someone might think it tastes good, but it was just not for me. It's a beautiful place and the dishes were presented nicely but IMO NOT worth the money. Eat elsewhere Yelpers!
4	I give 4 stars for the restaurant.  5 for the amazing staff and waitservice, however a 2-3 for food.  I live in California where you can get a bomb super burrito for $5.95 so I may be a tad extra picky when it comes to a yummy authentic plate.  What you must order:  margaritas, guacamole and soup!  Random I know, but absolutely worth the trip to Diego's.  The margaritas are made with fresh muddled fruit, the guac is made on a rolly-cart fresh and made just the way you like it, and the soup is sooo amazing!  I know you are wondering "Who orders soup in Vegas?" but just trust me on this one.  Mmmmm....  :)The atmosphere is really nice, the look, the feel, everything is fancy and a great dinner spot.  Just remember...soup, margs and guac!!  You can't go wrong!
3	Dined here last week.  Food was delicious, especially the tableside guacamole!  But we think the server forgot to place our order - since it took 45 minutes to arrive after the apps.  By that time we were already full and couldn't finish our meals.  They need to work on the timing, but atmosphere and food for good.
4	Had to search for a new place for Mexican cuisine in Vegas.  Usually hit Dos Caminos which has since closed.  Tried Diego at MGM.  Service was awesome.  Prompt start to finish, and our waiter kept us very entertained.  Started with table side guac.  Not that great, needed more avacado.  Dinner was fantastic.  I had the Pork Shank PIbil-style.  Great flavor, perfectly tender.  Friends had fish tacos, and the short ribs.  Both were loved.  Margaritas were classic and tasted great.  Would recommend to anyone with a love for Mexican.
4	4 for service - Leo was excellent. 3 for Food.  5 for Margaritas...  This Margarita was smooth - not sour, just excellent.  Waiter recommended excellent South American Pinot with the Pork Pebil - slow roasted heaven in a banana leaf.  Throw some of that in a corn tortilla and savor.  Ceviche was OK.  Serve my favorite thick style chips with a trio of excellent salsas and salts.  Decor was fun - modern, red, water and slide show of fruits that was, well a little bit suggestive, but hey this is Vegas right...
5	Fantastic.I came here with a big group of friends (9 of us) for a fun night out. We had a great time-- delicious food, good service, fun atmosphere.We started with pitchers of their red sangria. One pitcher was $34, but served about 12-15 cups of sangria. The sangria was fruity and we all liked it-- which, with as big of a group as we were, is saying something.The food took a while, but they kept the chips and salsas coming as quickly as we could eat them. The chips were fresh, and was served with a trio of salsas-- a pico de gallo, a red chipotle salsa, and a salsa verde. Everyone at the table had a favorite-- but everyone's favorite was different. I couldn't get enough of the chipotle, but the people next to me loved the pico and the verde, so...We ordered some guacamole, which was prepared tableside just the way you want it. Perfection. Gave enough for everyone to get a big spoonful.For dinner, I had the gorditas (which was an appetizer) and the cerviche de hauchinanga. The cerviche had an amazing sauce. I could have eaten it all day. There were three kinds of gorditas served: beef, pork and shrimp. The first two were melt-in-my-mouth delicious. The shrimp one was not, and I did not bother to eat more than a bite or two since everything else was so good.It was pretty expensive, I won't lie, but it was our fancy night out on spring break, and the food was definitely worth it.
5	I rarely go to MGM, but always make it for a dinner at Diego. The made-from-scatch guac is as good as it gets. You can't go there without ordering it! Fajitas are a solid choice. Get the specialty Margarita.So many great things about this place. Just make sure you don't skip the guac.
3	I liked Diego's. We had a HUGE group, I mean like 20 of us so this place definitely gets 5 stars for service. Our waiter was awesome, got all the orders right, and was very attentive. The food was just ok. It wasn't bad, but it just wasn't anything memorable. I had the fish tacos, and again they were pretty good. They do make guacamole to your liking which was fun to watch, and it was tasty. I also thought Diego's was reasonably priced for Las Vegas. We basically sat out in the mall area which killed the ambiance, but I think if we were farther back in the restaurant I would have enjoyed it more.
4	I've never had their food, but My friends and I always go for the night life the atmosphere is great music is always fun they play hip hop to spanish music, Drinks are cheap. I can say I've been here like 6 times and We always have fun!!
5	I live in southern California and I've had a ton of enchiladas in my lifetime but the enchiladas at Diego's are THE best I've ever had. I went with 3 girlfriends and they all agreed. Definitely get a pitcher of margaritas if you are there with friends. We were there Sunday night (2.19.12) and the staff was great too.  I definitely recommend.
3	On our second work trip to the MGM, this was a new experience for me. Once we were seated, we ordered three batches of the guacamole (mild, medium, and hot). The hot was super good and I probably could have just eaten that all night. The salsas left nothing to be desired, but I believe I only tried 2/3 that they brought out. I do wish they would have refilled them during our meal though, since some people wanted to use them on their main courses. I heard good things about the tacos so I had the chicken taco plate. What came out was not what I was expecting, a HUGE platter with cheese and lettuce in one section, chicken in another, beans in another, and rice in the last. Plus a container of tortillas. What would have put this over the edge was well seasoned chicken, but it was just okay. Everyone else's meals looked good, and really my meal was not bad, just wished it had a little more kick. I'd probably try them again
4	We really enjoyed this meal. Three different salsas including a pico, chipotle and verde. Tableside guacamole was good with the sun-dried tomatoes. Had a margarita which was large and VERY strong, only needed one. Enchiladas de Res and Suizas were both good, the sides are extra which seems silly but you really don't need them because the entrees are so big. Jose was attentive and even suggested that we not get the grilled cactus if we had never had it before...thanks Jose! Incredibly filling meal and lots of flavors for a decent Las Vegas price.
3	The colors in the place might be a little loud for some, but good menu and upbeat service.  Big servings so you can share.  If you're down for Mexican it might be a good way to star the night out in Vegas with your group.
1	Overpriced. Corner stands have better flavor and service. Save the trouble and go somewhere else.
5	What an unbelievable over all experience!  My sister visited me and my girlfriend from out of town and we took her to this nice restaurant here at the MGM.  It is way in the back by the CBS Experience.  From the moment I made the reservation to the time we walked to check in the staff was on top of that VEGAS customer service game!  Very pleasant to work with and appreciative of us dining at their establishment.  The food was very delightful and the home made guacomole was incrediable and it was a bit spicy but the kind lady came back and did some magic to it and toned down the spice for us.  I live in Vegas and now quality service and great food and this is one that I will go to on a frequent basis.  GREAT JOB DIEGO!
4	I personally think Diego is one of the best deals you can get in the MGM, bang for your buck wise, and yes food too.On my last visit I stopped by a trio of times, once during happy hour, once for a quick drink and another time for a full sit down meal.  For sure, what exemplified each visit was great, if not superb attentive service.  Genuinely engaging, interested staff who want to make your visit great.  Ambiance may throw some, there is definitely a dimly lit, louder clubby vibe at work here, and I would keep that in mind.  Of course, if thats your thing I think you will have fun here.  The food is decent to really good, but there is variation across the menu.  Sure its expensive, but your on the strip, if you dont want to open your wallet you really shouldnt be here.  All that said, I think Diego offers very good value for money, I never leave feeling ripped off - and it certainly puts several other places in the higher end Mexican sphere on the strip to (im looking at you dos caminos), to shame.A few highlights food wise from my last trio of visits: Puerco Pibil - a wonderfully fall of the bone tender piece of pork shank, over black beans and rice.  It came with a suitably punch habanero salsa, and more tortilla were always on hand on request quickly and cordially.   Happy hour chips and salsa and margarita - $5 and $6 respectively, the latter coming with three different salsa choices.  For $11, on the strip, to kick back your heels for a few mins, take in a cool drink and a snack, I think thats decent value. Tableside guac - always a feature at places like this, and sure you pay a silly premium, but hey it was pretty fresh, and made with panache by the friendly server.
5	The food is amazing...and the fact that they have the Chihuahua cheese.  They won me over before I even put the food in my mouth...but what got my friend and me to go back the following evening for another dinner before leaving Las Vegas was the service.  We sat at the bar and they were so lovely that I want to bring all my friends to Diego's.  We had the enchiladas verdes-delicious...ask for extra Chihuahua cheese.  The ceviche was amazing, both the verde and another one that tasted like oranges.  And the guacamole, which is a dish I am particular about, was fresh and tasty. The next evening I had the tasting menu with the ceviche, salmon and fish taco.  They were all delicious.  flaky fish marinated to perfection.  Then the dessert.  I was most excited about the goat cheese cheesecake which was the perfect amount of tangy with the jamaica glaze.  The tres leches was good.  But the real star of the show was the coconut flan.  I'm going back and definitely eating more of it...and I don't even really like coconut, that's how good it was.  All topped off with a margarita.  How perfect is that?
4	Pretty good Mexican.  The tableside guac is cool, although the medium should really be called hot because it was pretty spicy.  The other appetizers are also quite good.  Reasonably priced for casino food.  Definitely recommend.
4	When I lived in Vegas, I was fortunate enough to be invited to Diego's soft opening.  The food was good then and it's good now.  Fast forward to Yelp Spring Break, my friends and I needed a quick bite after checking into our hotel and 'wichcraft was closed.  We wandered over to Diego and asked if we could sit at the bar.  We were promptly seated and ordered some drinks, nachos, and enchiladas.  The salsa and chips were complimentary.  The service is great and the food was brought out piping hot from the kitchen.  After hours in the car, this was exactly what we needed to prep us for our evening to come.  Because restaurants struggle in their first years, it's good to know that Diego lasted all this time inside the MGM.  Salud!
2	I am giving this place 2 stars, mainly because of the terrible service--the worst I have ever had. The food is not bad, but also not enough to make up for the poor service. I had the Puerco Pibil, which is basically slow cooked pork shoulder. The pork was really tender--fork tender and juicy which was a good thing. However, the overall flavor of the pork was way too subtle, and I found myself having to supplement the dish with salsa from the chips and salsa. The pork was supposedly marinated in orange and banana leaves, but I tasted none of those things. Also the dish was under-salted. The best part of the meal was the fresh guacamole, which is made at the table side by a dedicated guacamole server (who knew there was such a thing). The guacamole was creamy, citrusy, and ripe with fresh flavors. The service we received was literally laughable. Just to be fair, the bad service may be unique to our particular server (one of the male servers)--the other servers seemed to be more attentive. When we initially were getting ready to place our food orders, our waiter abruptly said "I'll be back," before I had a chance to ask a question about the menu and before the other members of my group were able to place their order. Then we did not see him again for quite a while. Every time our waiter left our table, we would not see him again for half an hour or so. On top of this, he never asked if we had any questions. At one point, the waiter had mentioned that he was getting off work at 11 and that we were his last table to serve. He definitely seemed more interested in being done with work and flirting with the girls at the restaurant (guys are people too!).  By the end of the night (it started off evening and was well into the night by the time we finished our meal due to painfully slow service), we were all laughing (I had tears in my eyes) about the service. It was almost like we were on an episode of candid camera or Punk'd, and someone was trying to see what it would take to get us really pissed off. Sometimes, all you can do is laugh (and write a scathing Yelp review).
4	after the liquid diet we had at Wet Republic, we needed some substance. enter Diego's Happy Hour!!!! two words: carnitas nachos.are you efffing kidding me? mind you, this was happy hour but the portion was pretty big. i mean, i split it with my buddy who also was coming off the liquid diet from Wet and we were both satisfied. by the food that is. it was soooo good. oh, and the complimentary chips and salsa had to be replenished. twice. the pico de gallo was surprisingly good. i think it's one of the best i've ever had actually. please, only pay me mind if you read that i was coming off a liquid diet from Wet. mama ordered something else and my buddy's wife order the same something. i don't remember what it was. it doesn't matter. GET THE CARNITAS NACHOS!
5	Great dinner at the MGM! It usually takes us some time to pick out a place to eat in Vegas, and this was no exception.  When we went in the decor and the hostess seemed very friendly.  We got seated and the server was quick to come by and introduce himself.  He recommended some drinks and we got the table-side guacamole to start with.  The food was incredible!  From the complimentary chips and salsa they bring to the desert!  They serve three different salsas and three different seasoning salts that you can use with the chips or your tacos.  We ordered tacos and were not disappointed.  By far the best taco's I've had.  The flavors were very intense and did not need any sort of additional supplement!  In addition, the table side guac is a must! Definitely looking forward to this place next time we're back in Vegas.
2	The service has great... the food, not so much! The menu is conceptually well written and the dishes are executed okay but there is no finish to them! My party of 15 all felt that the final seasoning was lacking. Honestly the food was bland. Our server was awesome and did a great job of selling the menu to us but it was no where near the quality of food one comes to expect in Las Vegas. I felt the food was dumbed down for the masses. It was honestly disappointing. Being from southern California one can find better fair at albertos!
5	This review is for the bar, and for those who don't mind sitting at the bar.The service is amazing! Cesar, Ricardo, Pepe, Javier....thank you for being personable, respectful, passionate, professional and fun. The drinks and food are always PERFECT.These guys "flipped me" from RuM to TeQuiLa Mojito's. I recommend the Corzo Reposado Mojito. It offers a cool, oak taste that can be modified with different tequila's. If they have raspberries, try a rum raspberry Mojito. Or better yet, try a blueberry Mojito. If you ask them to recommend a drink, they get excited. I tried several different "Specialty Drinks." All were great....and the beer is cold.Diego isn't typical Mexican food.  I was thrown off and surprised the first time I ate here. I ordered the taco's. Really good, but I had menu remorse. Don't get me wrong, the taco's are very good, but when the food is this good, I like to aim high. The result was visiting many times, trying many apps and entree's, and looking forward to more.In addition, my 2 restaurant experiences were great, but I won't go into that....this review, as stated, is about my overall bar experience. One of the benefits of sitting at the bar is that everyone visits. The restaurant servers, hosts and managers...all very nice and professional. It's like family without the family discount.
1	we came for the night club and it was not impressive, most of the customers are obese,huge,gigantic,oversize,extra extra=extra large and the music they play are most boring,not motivated to dance. they do not serve food after 11;00 PM. GOOD THING THEY DIDN'T SERVE FOOD FOR THESE PEOPLE
5	The best part? The people working here!! Great server, Margaret! She made the day for us!! Ask to sit in her section! Very professional and knowledgeable! Also, if you sit at the bar you will love Cesar! All the bar guys were a delight! All very professional and nice! The bar food was cheap and awesome!! The chips, salsa, and guacamole so good. As well as the tacos and nachos! All the tequila bottles are beautiful. Lots of drink chooses! You can't go wrong with these people as well as the food!
2	This place is overrated. Way too expensive for Mexican food. It took a long time to find the place, especially because the MGM is renovating. We were seated quickly and the place had a cool vibe with red walls, selective lighting, and a river like thing going through the middle. The chips and salsa are cool because they give you 3 salts and 3 salsas, but I never knew what each thing was (the woman who was explaining mumbled and glazed over it), but honestly nothing special. I ordered the steak tacos. They were pretty spicy and you have to make them yourself, and sadly the best part of the whole meal were the beans. My boyfriend got the enchiladas and he said they were really good, and it made me wish I had ordered that. I would definitely not go back, and would save my money and go to La Salsa on the strip instead.
3	Above average salsas with fancy salts to try!Really good salads, we had the Diego Salad and the Pumpkin Seed Cactus Salad.Braised short rib was developed with flavor and fork tender.The sea bass veracruz had tasty cornmeal coated onions and a nice flavorful sauce. The fish was overcooked but still OK. I was sort of grossed out by the veracruz paper they made. To the the fancy veracruz paper was like skin of the top of a pudding but seasoned and made from chilies.If you ask they will make you regular margaritas normal priced so you don't have to splurge for the $100 special one.I found the patio seats uncomfortable. The seats are very high and when I jumped up to land, my cushion flew out and I had to try again a few times.3-4.5 stars depending on what you order.
4	Went during happy hour . Prices significantly cheaper and just small plates. Guacamole was amazing !! Bartender was excellent , taught us a lot about tequila .
4	The tres leches dessert is phenomenal.The guacamole is kinda bland and the salts served with the nachos are fun. The chile relleno is unacceptable.Diego should be really happy that the tres leches is so damn good.
5	This review is only for the night club part.Looking for a mix of Latino music??? You have found the place, look no more!  We were arriving in Vegas late and we knew we wouldn't have time to get all "glamed" out, so we looked for something low key and Diego's it was (I found it on Yelp.)No cover chargeDrinks are super inexpensiveGreat MusicOpen until 3P on FridaysA little bit hidden in the MGM
5	I love this place.  Dana is the best waitress in the world.  My only issue is they are closed on Mondy and Tuesday.
1	A freind that lives in Vegas recommended this restaurant. We went on a Saturday night and the place was not busy. After we were seated on the patio we waited for about twenty minutes for a server, who arrived at our table about the time I went to find the manager. Although they were apologetic, the service continued to be mediocre, as was the food. The margarita was tasty, but that was the only positive piece of the experience. I do not recommend this restaurant, nor would I return.
5	We had to come here while in Vegas...my bf is a tequila fan and i knew he would like to try some new ones.  Chips & salsa were AMAZING.  Seriously.  The chips were not only warm, but they were seasoned with salt and spices!  SO GOOD. The empanadas, taquitos, chicken fajitas, tortilla soup...all was amazingly delicious, and not heavy or greasy feeling at all. And they have a big wall of tequila to choose from!  We sat at the bar, there were about 3-4 guys back there, all very friendly and gave awesome service!  This will definitely be a must-stop whenever we're in Vegas :)
5	I've been here quite a few times, and each time it just gets better and better. This time we sat out near the main thorough-fair, instead of deep into the restaurant, and since people watching is my thing, it was perfect. Started out with the classic Diego margarita, which is always awesome! We ended up splitting all of our food, cause the portions are huge and just always amazingly tasty!!! We shared the carnitas burrito, OMG was it good! Highly recommended...
4	Excellent food at a reasonable price for a Vegas restaurant.
3	While the restaurant itself was nice and the staff was also very nice the food was nothing that I can say was truly amazing. We were expecting a very 5 star experience when it came to the food and we were surprised when the food came out just a few minutes after we ordered. Most everyone in our party thought the food was average, nothing to right home about. We have a restaurant near us called Frida Mexican Restaurant in Glendale,CA and there food is much much better. On the bright side I did order the Nachos and this seem to be the hit on the table So much so that everyone started munching away at my food So heres the deal for me, I am always looking for amazing Mexican Food, something above and beyond what I can expect living in Los Angeles. Diego was not it for me, Great looking place, Friendly Staff, with So-So Food.
5	Awesome spot for guacamole, made at the table for you. Our server was very polite and friendly. Great service, drinks & food. Very relaxed atmosphere to sit and enjoy a margarita and appetizers.
4	First night in Vegas, and we only had 90 minutes and no reservation (on a Saturday night) before we had to get across town for a show.  Diego's was amazing!!  Granted, we were absolutely starving by the time we got to Diego's so anything probably would have tasted great, but the food and service was amazing.We grabbed a spot at the bar, ordered some drinks and the quac and then split the appetizer sampler.  The complimentary chips and salsa were great!!  I'm not a fan of tomatoes, and usually I avoid all things "pico," but I decided to give it a try and it was great!! Super, super fresh! The guac was okay, and that's the major reason for deducting a star.  I like guacamole that has bit of a bite - something... anything tangy... some red onion, a bit of lime, even some cilantro or some salt to wake it up.  Sadly, this one didn't have those things, and if it did, at least it wasn't noticeable.  And this is before we received our super-strong (but so delicious) drinks, so I know my taste buds weren't completely wrecked yet.The sampler was heavenly!  Everything you want from mexican food - smoky, greasy, cheesy, spicy, and little bit creamy.  I honestly contemplated coming back a few days later on the last night of our trip.  We didn't, but I'd love to give the rest of the menu the next time I'm there!
4	Tableside guacamole: you know it's super fresh! The portions are very generous; the 2 of us could not finish it all. I would have preferred less lime, but it was still excellent and the sun-dried tomatoes were an interesting touch.Carnitas Nachos: Again, super generous portions. The pork was so tender, but the chunks of it were huge (to try to scoop up with chips). This was fork-and-knife-nachos. The black beans and cotija cheese were flavourful and complemented everything. Also, I think there was a full avocado's-worth of avocado chunks mixed in. I really loved the chips and all of the variety of salsas.I ordered a Sangrarita (sangria margarita) and it was great, too.
3	I want to be fair to ol' Diego. Yelpers, I think your experience in this kind of place depends on the context. Me? I was looking for a tasty, relaxed place to have lunch in a casino. Key words: tasty, relaxed, lunch, casino.I ordered the Chile Colorado and my friend ordered the tamales. We were both pleased enough. Would I return for another meal? Probably not. It's not Diego's fault. The food was fine. But it would not be worth a trip to the strip for a local. But if you are staying at the MGM, this place is great. And if you are partying at the MGM, this place is even better.See what I mean about context? They probably deserve four stars based on my meal. Three things keep Diego from the the coveted four star approval: 1) My friend was slightly less impressed with his meal than I   2) They seemed crazy overwhelmed by a conference. Don't they get notice about these things? The wait staff remained professional (read composed), but the hostess was clearly frazzled. And why don't they open more of the dining area for a huge lunch rush? Oh well, I'm sure they have their reasons. Like I said, I won't be back, so I won't spend any time worrying about such things. 3) The salsa was rather pedestrian In short: Everything was fine. I just need more...heart in my Mexican food if I'm going to travel to the strip and battle a crowd.
3	Not as great as we remembered it from about 5 years ago. The first time we went, we go the chile rellano, and it was BOMB DOT COM!...but of course, they didn't have it anymore, so we settled for the barbacoa enchladas. Margaritas: good, and fairly strong, but they should be since they were pretty pricey!Guac: It was okay, not great, but certainly not bad.Ceviche: The worst I've ever had. It was overly sweet instead of citrusy like it should have been. I think that dropped an entire bottle of mango syrup in it...gross, and it was all scallops instead of shrimp...or at least a mix of the two. I would NEVER order it again, and I would TELL people not to order it! Plus, it was expensive. Barbacoa Enchaladas:  I liked these more than my husband did. I think they were just the right ammt. of spiciness without being overpowering. I also liked the sauce they were covered in. He didn't think they were bad, and honestly, I think he only says that they weren't "great" and only good because he was crushed he couldn't have the rellano..nothing would have appeased him.Dessert: Since it was my husband's birthday, they brought him a birthday flan. I don't like flan, so I didn't partake, but my husband said it was one of the better parts of the meal.I'm not sure if we would return since Vegas has such an ENDLESS ammt. of restaurants to choose from.
5	We had an incredible meal here for our anniversary thanks to all the positive Yelp reviews. My husband and I are big Mexican food lovers and had very high expectations, which were more than met. The margaritas were fresh, the tableside guacamole was to die for (go for spicy--you won't regret it), and my skirt steak fajitas were divine. My husband had the pork carnitas and agreed that my dish was better, but his was still very good. Try not to fill up on chips before the meal--easier said than done, but you'll want to leave room for dessert. We had the banana ice cream with churros and caramel sauce (I forget the name of the dish). Service was attentive but I don't remember any particular details--I was too focused on the food and my nice margarita buzz. We will come back here on our next trip for sure.
4	Yay, still a fan.  Menu needs updating, and would be great if they had more specials.  Also, the house margarita is good, but I liked it better when they squeezed the limes at the time of order, not premixed as they do now.  Simple solution, just order a margarita with a tequila other than what the use in the house, which is El Jimador.  Might I suggest Chamucos.  I also agree with Kaite W, bring back the killer Chilie Rellano.
2	Meh is right. Have been here before (2 yrs ago) and was back tonight. This was a solo visit, eating here early enough (8pm on a Friday) before heading off on a flight. Let's do the good first: the service was really good, the ambience the same as I remembered (it's a kinda modern vibe), and there was nothing actually wrong with the food I had (salad to start, fish tacos as main, and a few Negro Modelo's to wash it down). They also bring chips and salsa out as part of the deal - and they're good! The bad: the food is.....ok. My salad suffered from that US tendency the sweeten everything up, so while the core ingredients were top notch, the overall salad was a little too much to handle in terms of its sweetness (the dressing). Reluctantly, I could only eat half of it.  After which my soft fish tacos arrived. These were the biggest disappointment. Why? Flavour (or should I say, flavor). There was none. Seriously. I ended up lumping some salsa and drizzling some lime juice from my chips'n'salsa on to the fish tacos to "brighten them up". Total bill for this (2 beers, starter salad and main tacos) was $49 before tip. So this is the reason I'm rating this a two star in the review. Meh indeed! At $30 all-in it would have been disappointing but kinda ok from value-for-money point of view. At $50 plus a $10 tip (service was good, so 20% seemed appropriate) it's a rip. Not going again until something changes.
4	Table side guacamole . . . OUTSTANDING. Great tortilla chips. Fish tacos . . . too salty, but still decent.  Like everywhere else at the MGM, the drinks are pricy. But you get what you pay for. Stiff pours. Plate presentation was terrific and the staff was nice and attentive.
1	Yes, the guacamole was very good, and the habanero salsa was excellent...even loved the fresh lime juice that came with my carta Blanca, but the entrees were awful.  I mean really bad.  I ordered carnitas tacos, usually a good choice for authentic Mexican fare, but it was bad.  The pork had a vinegar flavor that made me suspicious that something was wrong with the meat.  My son, who lives for chicken fajitas, could not eat his.  He said it was bland and odd, unlike any Mexican meal he had ever had.  We still loved seeing Ka at MGM, but we should have eaten anywhere else.  Oh, and when they took our plates away and commented that we did not eat much, we told them honestly that the food was not very good.  No response or any acknowledgement from our waiter.  I was shocked.  Go for the guacamole and drinks, but do not venture farther!
4	Full disclosure: the food is a solid three; it's Dana and the rest of the staff that make Diego a four. In Vegas for Super Bowl weekend with a teenager in tow and no set Super Bowl party plans, that's where we found ourselves. Most parties were 21+ or booked. And as anal as we are about making plans and itineraries and reservations we chose to fly by the seat of our pants on this one. So around rolls game day and we were going to head to another spot but apparently we were too late. We'd walked past Diego a few times and had wanted to try it for lunch so we gave them a call. "Sure, we'll hold a table, when will you be here!" The daddy long legs of our crew shaved about seven minutes off what it should've taken us if we hustled so with about three minutes to spare we called back and they agreed to hold it longer. For last minute arrivals we were welcomed and given primo seating in a semi-private area with a big screen. Dana quickly came over to get the drinks flowing and orders started and took very good care of us. The regular margaritas were great and I usually only drink beer and wine. They were well-balanced and smooth. I tried a strawberry pineapple one later on but it was far too sweet for me. The beer list is no great shakes but they have what you'll usually find at a Mexican restaurant so that works. Starting with the chips and salsa and guacamole we were immediately impressed. Best salsa and guacamole. Like, wow. I can't believe we didn't just fill up on that. We had Taquitos with steak that were excellent. Nicely spiced, not just overdone with cumin or adobo. Also, they left no trace of that scary orange grease that's a by-product of bad Mexican restaurant food. They were crisp and surprisingly light - really good. The nachos were also fantastic - a good amount of toppings layered throughout instead of just sitting on top leaving naked hot, dry chips underneath. Also, much to my surprise and happiness, not a single chip was burned. Yay!Diego isn't top of the line cuisine, especially not compared to the major names of chefs that have restaurants in the city, but it is a great place for simpler, cheaper fare and fantastic, fun servers.
4	Good food not to expensive. Wife and I split fajitas, and we were full. bill was under $40 with one drink. this  is Vegas at night. we sat near Rick Harrison from Pawn Stars. good time.
5	Delicious! We were running late for our reservation & they did not give us a problem when we informed them of it. The hostess was miserable, but the wait staff made up for her personality. The decor makes you feel like you're in Mexico and kept clean. We ordered Sangaritas, which were a nice sized drink. We found out later on that if you don't finish your drink, you can ask for a To-Go cup at the bar, so you can take your drink with you! I suggest getting the appetizer sampler or a combination platter, this way you can taste a little bit of everything off the menu. Our combo platter was delivered to the wrong table, so we were compensated for the inconvenience. It was definitely a good choice for our first night in Vegas!
3	Diego came recommended years ago by my boyfriend & his fam, so my friends and I ate there back in 2008 when I first went to Vegas.  I recall loving the guacamole and not being overly impressed with the entrees.  We also split a pitcher of margaritas between the 5 or 6 of us which made the hefty pitcher price worth the cost.So this time, we decided to hit up Diego for their happy hour.  It was a very good experience in all.  You can only do happy hour at the bar/patio area which was fine and the price cut only affects drinks not food which would normally be a strike for me, but we had a huge breakfast so we only wanted little nibbles.I can't remember our server's name but she was friendly and greeted us quickly with chips and salsa.  Their chips have a light seasoning which is zesty as is their slightly tangy but yummy salsa.  We each ordered a strawberry-pineapple margarita (only $5 for a drink in Vegas is almost unheard of) and those margies were super delicious!We both knew we wanted guac (I love the use of sundried tomatoes) and our server listed all the things they put into the guac and asked for our spicy preference which is awesome.  As someone who works in the food industry, I know the pains of finding out someone at your table is allergic to something or can't have gluten and then they have to change the order because you didn't think to ask.  A+ for that server!  She brought the guac and even waited for us to taste it to make sure it was spicy enough for us.My bf ordered chicken tamales which came with spanish rice and refried beans.  I ordered the "Caesar" salad.  The food came and the server had forgotten to keep the meat off my salad (I'm a vegetarian) and she was very apologetic.  Again, I'm fairly lenient with servers, having been one myself plenty of times so I understand the mistake of hitting the wrong button.My salad was just ok and I was glad that I wasn't that hungry and had mostly filled up on guacamole, confirming my intuition to skip the entree.
5	I am Mexicans food biggest fan ever and let me say you have your basic independent establishments and you have a step up from them and then you have the best in the business.This restaurant is the best in the business on the strip and I just can't get enough of it.You can tell a lot by whether a restaurant has good chips and salsa or not but this place has it all.Great Chips & Salsa,Guacamole dip is out of this world,fajitas are so delicious and flavorful, and that is only a little bit of what is great there.
5	See Check-in comment. Great food, great server, Dana. Great RE/MAX conference!
3	So this was our lunch place of choice one afternoon during the RE/MAX convention.  Service was fairly fast.  I ordered the fish tacos ... which were ok.  I've had way better.  This is pretty much what I expect for hotel food.  LOL.
2	This place is a real feast for the eyes. We sat right in front of a water feature that ran the full length of the front dining room. And the service was exceptional. But the food? A solid meh. I'd give them a meh+ for the great, friendly service.They do tableside guacamole which was pretty good. I expected a little more presentation however. If you aren't going to do that, just schlep it out from the kitchen like everything else. Carnitas were rather tasty but no real depth of flavor. For a "signature dish" my level of expectation was much higher. Churros! Get them!! Served warm with banana ice cream and caramel sauce. You don't want to miss these. Do like we did and stop in just for the churros. You'll thank me.Compared to most of the restaurants in Vegas their prices weren't too high. But there's way too much great food in Vegas these days. I can't imagine this is Diego's A-game.
3	We ate at Diego for breakfast.  I had the chorizo quesadilla.  They served them basically liked rolled up tacos, but the outside of the tortilla had the crunch that is nice with a quesadilla.  The pico sprinkled on top was really good, not overpowering with cilantro and had some heat.  The chorizo was also solid, and the filling substantial.  The breakfast potatoes on the side were underwhelming.  Basically just fingerling potatoes cut in half and roasted.  Not much in the way of seasoning.  I had to give them a good application of salt, pepper and Tapatio.  It was a little pricey for breakfast, our total for 3 people was $79 with tip.  But, everyone enjoyed their food and the service was excellent.  Recommended.
4	I loved this place, I'm always spectacle of Vegas restaurants, flying servers, or should I say sommelier's.  I really enjoyed my meal.  Started with a generous portion of chips and delicious salsa, of course we ordered the guacamole, made table side.  I'm a huge fan of tortilla soup so when I saw it on the menu I immediately sang the happy dance (in my head).  Followed by the carnitas tamales, fantastic flavour.  Go hungry because the portions are generous, my only regret was that I was too full to continue or even peek at the dessert menu, next time.
2	Only come here for happy hour drinks.  All of the food we had was ridiculously salty.  The carnitas were so salty we could not finish them, which was unfortunate considering the price.  I've had much better Mexican food for half the price back in San Francisco.  Ignoring the food, the happy hour drinks were actually quite good and one of the better deals you'll find on The Strip.
1	Salsa taste like it was out of a can. Food had no favor. Didn't have soup on the lunch menu. I have never been to a Mexican restaurant where you couldn't order soup for lunch. Overpriced food. This place is a waste of time and money. Left this sorry place and when to Asian Fresh in the food court to get some good food. Rating: -5 stars and I wish that I had 4 hands so I could give it 4 thumbs down.
3	I think this might be the first three star or lower dinner experience I've had in Vegas? Or maybe the second? I have such good luck with restaurants here, that this was disappointing.Dinner started with a salsa that I think was about 50% garlic by volume. Absolutely inedible. I had one chip worth, and pushed it away so I wouldn't have to think about it. Probably the worst salsa I have ever had. And I've had the salsa at Chili's. But that was saved by the table side guac, which was made nice and citrus-y, with serrano chiles, tomato, and no onion, per my request. Tasted very good, and I like their chips, which are the right amount of salty, with almost a sweet taste to the chip itself.I can't turn down ceviche, so the bay scallop with grapefruit, mango, and habanero was next on this list. And this was really very good. Nice big helping, great citrus flavor, plenty of heat, and sweet, tender scallops. Absolutely worth getting again. Unfortunately, the main entree, barbacoa enchiladas, was just...nothing special. I wanted it to be better, but the beef didn't have much flavor, and the rice/beans similarly lacked any kind of punch. The whole dish was just blah.Service was a little indifferent? It was fine, not rude. Just...aloof? Not that I expect them to make friends. Anyway. I expected the least from this meal of all the meals I had planned during this week's trip, and I think that's been borne out as I sit writing reviews for them all at once. I'm not...too angry about this, but in a place like Vegas, the thought that I know of restaurants where I could have had anywhere from a very good to a transcendent meal is floating around in the back of my head.
5	One of THE best places I've had Guacamole at... if not THE BEST... Its tableside... and soo soo fresh.. it was devoured !  The chicken tortilla soup was AMAZING  different with ancho chile ?? but oh so flavourful... Margaritas on point and the staff remembered our names as we had to come back the next day for more Guac!!!
3	Overpriced Mexican food!  But we were tired and since it was in our hotel (MGM) we gave in...would not come back just for this place unless it was happy hour and we were staying at MGM again.$65 total (with tax/tip) for 2 girls that split an entree of enchiladas, guac and chips, Margarita (very sweet), and a Michelada (kind of watered down).The guacamole was DELICIOUS and "entertaining" since they make it at your table.  If some of your group can't do spicy you can ask for chopped jalapenos on the side.
4	Chips and Salsa to start, An outstanding variety of Tequila, Happy hour, and good fajitas!!   Yum yum! Will be back soon =)
2	Not much to say about this place ... the ambience is hip and the service is good but unfortunately, the food is pedestrian and while there's a lot of fancy Mexican ingredient verbage on the menu, it's still pretty straight forward typical Americanized-Mexican fare.  Tacos, burritos, enchiladas, tamales, combo plates etc.  I can get this kind of food in my suburban home town that tastes better and costs a lot less.  Even the highly-rated table-side guacamole was just ok ... there's just too much stuff in there.  Could all of this be smoothed over by a nice margarita?  Well, I will never know because mine was too sweet.  Overall, a disappointment.
5	Probably my favorite place we ate at while on this Vegas trip.We had a round of different margaritas and everyone was very happy with each of our margaritas.  I had the shrimp fajitas and loved them.  The rice and beans were delicious and i enjoyed the salsa so much I put it all over all of my food.  The corn tortillas were fresh and delicious!I will definitely be returning!
2	Summary...overpriced imitation Mexican food located in the MGM grand. The good...the table side guac. That was the highlight and very very tasty. The service was also fast and friendly. If the chips served with the guac hadn't been overcooked to slightly burned (you know that burnt chip flavor) this would have been very good. The bad...the food was average to poor and everything was overpriced. I've had excellent Mexican food and this falls into the inauthentic imitation gourmet bucket. When you order a combination plate you're receiving three small versions of typical fair. I ordered the "Diego" combo plate. The fish taco was ok (pretty salty), the chicken enchilada was AVG at best, and the beef tamale was terrible.With all the options in Vegas, even at the MGM grand, I would highly advise going somewhere else. You can do better. Really, you can do a lot better.
1	We did not enjoy the food...The staff was polite.
4	Let me start by saying I am a picky eater. It takes a lot to find something I am willing to eat.We ended up here for a girls night out dinner. OMG, my food was awesome!!!!! The table side guac is to die for. I practically ate the whole thing and said forget about dinner. I had the pork tamale and it was yummy. It comes with a bit of mole sauce on top of it. Loved the rice! I would totally eat here again. Others at the table said they enjoyed their meals as well. The service was so-so. We never got a few things we asked for like straws, hot sauce, etc. There are a lot of different people waiting on you so it's not just your server. That made things a bit difficult when were trying to track down our server for the check. Price wise, it is not the cheapest thing on the strip nor is it the most expensive. My meal plus the guac was probably about $30ish. They do have menus outside the restaurant so you can view your options along with the pricing. I highly recommend checking it out.***I'm a little confused about the reviewer who said this was in the airport. There is a Mexican restaurant in the airport but this is not it. It's in the MGM Grand between the casino and the pool, in their shopping corridor.
4	Diego was great, a crowd pleasure. Pricey (average for Las Vegas) but everyone left happy, full, and buzzed. I made reservations for 10 for a work group back in November. There was a convention at the MGM Grand so the restaurant was constantly busy. Even with our big party, the service was so good! The food was excellent. Choosing a restaurant for a group that includes (and will be paid for by) your boss and your boss' boss can be a super stressful. From the moment we entered this place I was put at ease. It pleased everyone, even the ridiculously picky people. If you are staying at the MGM, I would go here.
5	This was probably the best dining experience I have ever had. I was so excited about their 120 kinda of tequila I didnt even look at the menu, so I told our server, Maybelle, to order me her favorite... Which turned out to be a MR steak, covered in Mole sauce, quite literally it was all my favorite things in one dish. I tried tequila sampler B, and each one outdid the one before... Though the anejo was more potent than i was ready for.
1	I heard good things about Diego's Happy Hour & had it in my radar for awhile, only thing keeping me from coming sooner is, as with all restaurants in the MGM it's not easy to get to them, parking in the garage, then walking through the Star Lane Shops, then the casino, then the long hallway through restaurant row. Well it was Memorial Day weekend & a friend and I were feeling motivated to make the trek. I had called ahead to make sure they were still doing Happy Hour on Sundays, I spoke with a really nice hostess who informed me they were actually doing Happy Hour from 2-5:30 (normal HH is 4-5:30) in honor of Memorial Day. We got there at 4, sat down at the bar and asked for a HH menu, the bartender says "my mgr stopped HH at 4" I told him that I had just called and spoke with a hostess who informed me differently. He replied " do you want to take it up with my mgr" I said sure. So he leaves to go get the mgr, when he returns he says to us "I don't feel like chasing  him around so I guess I will just honor it" and proceeds to toss us a menu. I notice only drinks on the menu and I asked if there was a food HH menu, he said no, I showed him a picture of the online HH menu from their website and he just shrugged his shoulders and said "I don't know". From this point on he was a complete jerk to us. Cesar is his name. He acted like we were a bother to him. He would speak Spanish to the other bartender, in front of us, which is totally unprofessional. We ended up ordering a pitcher of margaritas, which weren't good at all, and some nachos that made up for the margaritas, but for $12 they should be good as the portion was small. I have no tolerance for people who are in the customer service industry and act like this. You are a bartender. I get we all have bad days, but no excuse to be total jerk to your customers. You lost two customers and I will for sure tell my friends to avoid this place.
5	Looking for a place to eat after an exhaustive day dodging the scammers on the strip.  We were blown away by every aspect.  To start, the salsa and chips that are complimentary we're fantastic.  We ordered our food and a woman came around and made fresh guacamole.  The interesting thing about this is that my wife and I have never been guacamole fans but now we are.  The carne asada with mole was the star of our order.  Love it!
4	This place fits perfectly with the rest of the restaurants that line this area of the MGM.  I'm so used to the little hole in the wall Mexican restaurants with decore exploding of pink, green and yellow and mariachi singers galore that this was a welcome change, with it's red and silver modern decor. I'm not big on fancy Mexican, because to me, authentic is always those whole in the walls or street vendors and you never spend more than $10 to be stuffed, but Diego far surpassed my expectations.I met some friends staying at MGM for dinner and they picked this place for dinner.  I ordered the carnitas enchiladas and my friend ordered the Diego special.  I can't remember what my other friend ordered...tacos?  Anyway, we also ordered table-side guac.  I had a margarita on the rocks and my friend had a mojito.  The table-side guac was SOOO good.  My only complaint was it was a very small serving and barely enough for 3 people.  My enchiladas were good, it could have used a little more sauce.  Also, I don't usually eat the beans and rice, but they were really good when I tried a bite so by the time I was done eating, my plate was nearly clean.  My margarita was also pretty perfect.  The food presentations were on point as well. Again, my only complaint was that the portions are pretty small.The restaurant was pretty empty so quick service was not an issue.  Our server was friendly and fast and we never had to wait to get waters refilled.  Overall, a great experience and I'd go back if I had friends staying at MGM craving some Mexican.
3	Meh. When it comes to Mexican food, I'd rather have something a bit less fancy.We had just come back from the ACM Awards show in the MGM, were starving,  wanting Mexican food, dressed up fancy, and this was right in front of us. So we went and it was ok. It looked nice inside, but the lights were so dim I could barely see my food in front of me. Food was also a bit meh. My friend and I split an enchilada entree, ordered a guacamole appetizer, two drinks (Margarita & a Michelada), and it came out to $65. Ouch. The enchiladas were fine, but I've had better for a lot less moolah. However, I would definitely come back just for the guac! Made right in front of you (entertainment value) and probably one of the most delicious I've ever had. So I guess it evened out with the enchiladas.Overall, ok place. The drinks were strong (unless it was just the lack of food & sleep?) and service was super friendly. I'd skip it next trip, unless I was craving some mighty fine guacamole.
5	The best Mexican food in Las Vegas and the best server Dana...she's amazing!
3	Decent food, pretty good service, nice ambiance, outrageous prices for Mexican food...but I guess that's Vegas for ya!
4	Me and a couple of girlfriends ate here twice this weekend.  After scouring the restaurant area for places to grab a relatively inexpensive meal, we chose to go Mexican.Both times we ate in the bar lounge area which is this cozy room decorated with these big, unoffensively pink tiles, a wall fountain, and a floor to ceiling shelf full of the devil's elixir - tequila!The service was super friendly.  During our second visit, I had to give props to our server who was doing his best to convince us to try sipping tequila.  There was the slight possibility of doing shots preceded by a few "never again" stories.  That prompted our server to go into his sales pitch about the joys of reposado tequilas, however, no one was really mentally or financially ready to take the tequila drinking to the sipping level.We opted for pitchers of the house margarita both times, the second time being with strawberry flavored one as touted to us by the Herradura girl who had giving us free samplings of it.On to food, Diego's serves up a tasty guacamole that seems to be fresh-made.  Their chipotle wings are a-may-zing.  I don't even really know what makes chipotle chipotle but if it's supposed to be sweet and yummy, I like it...a lot.  I ordered those off of the happy hour menu on the first day, and on the second day I had their steak caesar salad. The salad was light in that they didn't drown the lettuce in the dressing, however, I could barely make out the flavor of the dressing.  So I couldn't tell if it was "Mexican-ized", traditional, or if it was just plain bland.Their chips were okay, nothing memorable.  They were addicting only because they were in front of my face, but when I go to Border Grill at Mandalay, when I'm with people, we usually tear up basket after basket after basket.  The salsa was just okay as well.  No kick and nothing special but not offensive.I mostly loved the atmosphere and that it was a chill place to be out of the crowds of people.  It didn't hurt that they have an exceptional coconut flan, with a nice, creamy texture, served in a pool of melted sugar.  The happy hour prices and food choices are decent (for the strip).  I'd check this place out again if I ever find myself at the MGM Grand in the future.
5	Love Love Love everything about Diego.Amazing staff, delicious food, and thee best drink I've ever had-- a Cachonda.Get it while the getting is good. Diego is closing in September. Don't miss out!!
3	There is nothing wrong with Diego, but there's nothing that really sets it apart, either. The service was friendly, and they bring you chips and salsa right away, always a plus. The salsa was smoky and had some heat that sneaks up on you. Chicken empanadas for a starter; tasty, moist chicken on a bed of guacamole. Not a huge portion, so you may want to get multiple apps if you're really hungry. Chili Colorado and Pollo Mole for dinner, both were prepared and presented nicely, and no complaints about the flavors, but like everything on the menu they're things I can get just about anywhere. We shared a pitcher of sangria, which was excellent, and we skipped dessert. There aren't too many great Mexican places in Vegas, so it's a bit of a shame to see this place get right to edge of being great and not quite get there. PS: three stars to me is a good restaurant.
4	My friends wanted Mexican food for dinner and although I was in the mood for sushi, I went along with there suggestion.  We sat in the front area with a view of the mall area and viewed all the rowdy drunks coming in from the pool area.  I wanted to sit inside to experience the restaurant, but we were already seated.  Started out with some tasty chips, salsa and ordered the $13 table side guacamole. The combination fajita isn't on the menu, but if you request it, you will get it and pay dearly. It was $42, yes you read that right. The plate was huge and sizzling with veggies, steak, chicken, and shrimp. It also comes with tortillas, rice, beans, lettuce, tomato, guacamole and sour cream.  The steak was cooked perfectly medium rare, shrimps were huge and tasty, but the chicken super dry.  Are waiter was super nice and even brought me an extra $4.50 soda before I even took a sip of the first one.  I told our waiter Leo that the chicken was too dry and he asked what he could do to make it better.  I asked for a couple more shrimps and he delivered 3 more.  My total bill was $53.00 which is pricy for Mexican food, but the food was mostly good and the service excellent!
2	North Mexican food (i.e. beans and rice) at a price you'd expect to pay for South Mexican food (the good stuff). The service is excellent (hence two stars and not one) but the food is not better than what you'd get at a cheap taqueria - probably worse
4	love that the guacamole is freshly made in front of you right after you order! The lady will ask how you would like it done and tailor to your preference! I ordered the "Chopped" Salad with avocado, squash, corn, cabbage, etc and was perfectly made.  Ambiance is very nice and waiter Leo was attentive. The bad: there was some technical issue at the time we paid our bill with credit card and had to wait a long time...
5	Wow - everything was wonderfully executed! - among the best guacamole of my life, great ceviche, crab tostadas, outstanding chile Colorado with short rib, excellent hand-crafted margaritas - run, don't walk, to this place
5	My favorite restaurant at MGM. The staff is amazing, the food is fantastic and the ambiance is wonderful.
5	Took my family of six here during our vacation, and the whole experience was great. Prompt, friendly service and delicious food! My wife and I got a combo plate each, a soup and a salad, and the whole family was stuffed. Mmm...
4	Unfortunate that this place closed (per other Yelpers posts, and the fact MGM removed Diego from the list of restaurants)  I really was a fan.Table side guacamole was always really good.Dinners were always good to great, depending on which dish.The selection of tequila was always diverse and quality.The wait staff was always knowledgeable - particularly Saul - my favorite waiter who I asked for on every trip for the last 5-6 years & multiple times per year.Now, I have to find a new source for tequila tasting in Vegas!
