1	Fitness Factory---Gym that is not friendly to special needs kiddosI know, that we all have enough to do and stress in our lives, as it is, BUT, on top of everything we do. For our kiddo's not be respected by a local company just makes me plain mad and if you choose to join this gym and give them your money, I completely respect your decision. However, I just wanted to let you know that Fitness Factory has made it very clear to me; that special needs kiddos are not really "welcome" to their kids club, since they and I quote "don't have many of "those" kids enter/leave their gym."All the other gyms (24 hour fitness and I have to especially note that Mountside Fitness- has been OUTSTANDING!) have made an effort, to reasonably accommodate me, BUT, not Fitness Factory.  With the new year starting, I know that is the season of gym memberships is going up. However, I just wanted you to be aware of which gyms really support and help EVERYONE in the community along. Take care!!And good health.
2	I'm so annoyed with this gym. My husband was working out there for 6 mths and had a membership for $19.99/mth. We went on Valentine's Day for me to sign up and they offered us a special for BOTH of us if we prepaid one year. We were explained one year no fees no charges for both of us (and it's written that way on our contract). They "cancelled" his old membership and gave me mine. We went a few months without any problems. All of a sudden last month, they start charging our credit card for my husband's monthly $19.99 membership. We have to go in there, have them reverse it. The manager says the guy who sold us the membership was an idiot (his words) and has since been fired (should they even disclose this?). He said he did the paperwork wrong but that's not our fault. They need to honor what we signed and what's written on our contract.  How difficult can it be? And how many months do we need to come in there and have them fix it before they figure it out?Also, the gym is soooo hot. When you're working out, the temp is way too high and they need to turn the A/C on higher. It's as if they heat/cool the place for the employees and not the people working out who actually pay to do so.
4	I've been working out here regularly for 6 or 7 months now, and although they do keep it VERY warm inside (you break a sweat before you even begin your workout), I do enjoy the place. Plenty of machines so you don't have to wait on anyone else, though they could use more hand weights. It's a no-frills gym. You go there to workout, and that is basically it. Not very strong in classes either.  The kids area says through age 12, but age-wise I think any child over 6 would be bored. The staff has always been nice and will say hello, and from what I've seen their personal trainers are excellent.  I've even found myself taking mental notes on new exercises to try.  All-in-all it's a good place to go in the Gilbert area if you're not interested in the whole "club" atmosphere.
2	I knew it was coming the day I saw a subscription notice on the TV. I was told today that they are shutting their doors. Luckily, Fitness Works is taking over all contracts, so we're not left stranded. I'm bummed, I really liked this gym. Fitness works is ok, but not nearly as personal as this one was. But that is for a future review. :-)Rumor has it that the owner just took off, and it was suggested that members make sure they stop payments on their credit cards. Wouldn't want any double-dipping!
3	Aaaannndddd... they are open again. Heard a rumor that they might be staying open and changing the name, so drove by. Was told everything was back to normal. All righty then. The personal trainers were there working. Still no TV's or computer when I got there, but when I left after my workout the computer was up and they were scanning cards. they don't have all their free-weights back either. Hey they can do whatever they want, as long as they don't change what I pay!
1	This place is full of liars. I was going to the Gym in Tolleson and they closed down. I talked to Clarence and he told me the Gilbert location was still open and for me to get a refund from signing my sister up and paying $30 for child care that i would have to talk to their corporate office. Not the number is disconnected and the website no longer exists. im so pissed right now. They deserve no stars. Get out before they start draining you accounts. I was told by the people at the Gilbert location that only my bank can seem to get a hold of that the owners skipped town.
3	For me, the best thing about this gym is it's location.  Tons of cardio equipment makes it so that I never have to wait.  Things got confusing with the "closure" and the emails from Fitness Works saying that they were happy to take over our contracts with the former Fitness Factory.  Thanks to Dani C's review, I found that Fitness Factory is still open.  So, I've been going back there.  It's been quiet, a little dark, and has a lot of machines in "maintenance in progress" status.  But things are coming back together and they are even starting to put TVs back up.  I really only come here for cardio, so I can't complain.  I wouldn't join as a new member (and I don't even know if they are accepting new members right now anyway) but I'll continue to come here as long as they let us during this whole "transition" period.
2	This will absolutely be the last time I review this place- promise! They are changing their name to "Spectrum Fitness", and this week is the week to sign your new contract. Meaning, whatever deal you had is null and void. Everyone has to pay $19.99 a month. No exceptions. Do not pass Go, do not collect $200.I hate to do it, because I really do love this facility, but it's not worth paying the extra money when I can still pay what I always have at Fitness Works, who took over our contracts. It's just a little annoying that they would rather lose two people (they lost my training partner too) who wanted to stay, than work out some sort of deal. Oh well, their loss. We'll see how long they last, after all it's the third company to be in the space in I think as many years.
1	Went in yesterday to work out.  I hadn't been in since end of Sep. The new ownership is now running things as Spectrum Fitness.  I was told flat out that Fitness Factory never paid rent and closed up shop to avoid doing so.  That explains why all the TV's were gone at the end of last month.  Unlike Julie M.  I received zero notice, and there were not any signs anywhere about the closing.So yes, I signed back up for a flat $19.99/mo with NO other charges, fees, or costs (thru 10/31/10).  I too, like the location a lot, plus the amenities are good as long as they are maintained (at the end, there was too much broken equipment with Fitness Factory).  I have no experience with Fitness Works, the company that "bought" my contract, but it is farther away, and my previous deal was for the same $19.99/mo.  My contract says nothing about "transfers" or continuation after closure, so I disputed the last charge on my AmEx and requested them to block future charges.
4	Spectrum Fitness has now taken over the former Fitness Factory at this location. The all new management and staff are working valiantly to overcome the mess created by the departure of the former FF owners, including their removal of some of the equipment and sale of member contracts to Fitness Works without telling the members. True, if you had your contract with FF, you have to cancel it at Fitness Works and start over with Spectrum. The best thing about Spectrum for many of its members is that many of them followed the currect Zumba instructor from her former gym to this one, and her following just keeps growing. They have a smokin' deal for unlimited Zumba classes, whether drop-in or monthly, and the instructor here is simply spectacular. Her classes are for all levels, whether first time, beginner, whatever; not only do you get a good workout, the class not only addicitvely draws you in, but it is is nothing but fun and you leave feeling happy - and looking forward to that next class.Whatever issues this gym had before, the new management is really trying to make things better. I belong to another gym down the street (for now), its bigger, fancier and with a lot more amenities; but Spectrum is now my primary gym simply due to the smaller size, location, friendliness, price, and amazing workout I get here that I don't get at the dismissive-to-member-concerns "big box" gym.
1	Paid for 2 years in advance, then the owners walked out.  Was originally told by the property management that the new owners would honor my existing contract.  THEY DIDNT!!!  So screw them I took my family of 5 members to the Fitness Works, they actually honored my old contract with Fitness Factory.  Its a MUCH nicer facility too.
