3	From the waiting area, this place looked awesome.  As we walked to the table I was seeing LOTS of old people and business meetings.  Hmmm... I thought... Interesting combination.  The decor is simple but nice, and the view of the fake-lake is nice.  We were there while it was raining and I thought it made a nice backdrop.   But the food?  What's above "Sucks" and it's quite so derogatory?  Bad?  Ok, it wasn't full on bad.  But I've gotten better food at Denny's.  Suddenly - the business suits and lady's tennis club all made sense.  It looks nice and is in the center of a big business area.  This is a good "visual first impression" kind of place.  And the sweet little old ladies can't eat anything too spicy or too, well anything apparently.  And since they seem to be this place's bread and butter, I suppose I understand.  But I was here for a business lunch.  I had to drive 30 min to get there so I wasn't just in the neighboorhood.  Here's what saves it from getting 2 stars.  The service was really wonderful. The bar was SO cool looking!  I saw that many of the suits when in there vs the dining area. Smart move.  All that dark wood makes a person willing to have a drink or two, which makes them say yes just a bit easier.  Next time - we sit in the bar.  If you're in the area, and feel like the food isn't as important as the presentation - give this place a shot.
3	My cousin and her fiance had their engagement party here on the Patio which connects to the lake and park. Never having eaten here before I don't know if I got the best impression from the pre-prepared catered food. We were served their sliders, sandwiches, fruits and veggies, and cheese and crackers. Nothing that could really make an impression! I thought the restaurant looked nice enough, but everything came off as a little bland.
4	Sunday Breakfast Here Rocks (the only day they do breakfast)Awesome! Good food, nice dark atmosphere for nursing that hangover, and an awesome view of the lake.
2	Mmmmm....If you can get past the musty and damp carpet smell (prob from the "lake" humidity), the food is pretty decent!!!! Hey Buster's! Replace your carpet for Pete's sake (and clean it frequently once you do!)
3	Hidden in the shopping center just north of Via De Ventura on the West side of Hayden is Buster's.  Buster's, along with a Chipotle, a flower shop, and some other businesses that I hope to make a better mental note of next visit... I could easily have gone along with my life and not noticed Buster's although I drive by the area all of the time.  But, when my friend Allyson suggested it as a central spot for a few girlfriends to meet for dinner one Tuesday night, I went along with the plan.  I'm always up for trying some place new!Buster's offers traditional bar food along with some seafood, steak, and specialty items.  We chose to sit in the bar although none of us partook in their happy hour (which goes until 7).  Aside from the waitstaff, we were the youngest people in the place (by a decade or two).Nothing really stood out, and the food was fine.  Not amazing.  Not bad.  Just fine.  I had a Greek Salad with chicken and my two friends each ordered 1/2 portions of the lavosh pizza and side salads.  They seemed happier with their orders than I was.  I will point out that the lavosh pizzas do not come with any kind of sauce on them but marinara is available for dipping upon request.The bill was under $20 a person out the door but then again, we didn't order much.  I wouldn't choose Buster's as a 'go-to' place again, but I wouldn't be opposed to giving it another shot sometime either.  PS - I didn't notice the musty and damp carpet smell (maybe they replaced it, Natalie!)
3	I loved Buster's so much in Flagstaff, I wanted so badly to love it just as much here, even though the Scottsdale location no longer has the same owners.  But after a few attempts to love it, I just like it.First, the bread basket is always disappointing.  In Flagstaff, it was a big hunk of warm sourdough with enough zucchini muffins for everyone in your party.  Here for three people, it was two sourdough rolls and a few thin slices of zucchini bread.  I am happy to report that the French onion soup is the soup I know and love with a higher price tag of nearly $6.  In fact, many of the dishes are the same as I remember, but everything at this restaurant is substantially higher in price, over-priced in my opinion.  Some of the nearly identical dishes may be $7 or $8 more here.  It's Scottsdale, not another planet.So while I might come back for nostalgia, it will most likely only be when my mom insists.  We ordered fish and chips, one sandwich, two bowls of soup, half of a lahvosh, 2 cocktails, a soft drink, and one beer for $91 BEFORE tip!  Even without the cocktails, the price for these items was ridiculous.  No wonder everyone who eats here is old.  You have to cash in your retirement to pay for it!
5	I used to love coming here as a child and still do. I love the location that it's in also, it's more secluded and exclusive. The restaurant's also very nice on the inside, with comfy booths and pictures of French locales on the walls, there's also a view of the the lake. Their fried zucchini with ranch is delicious and so is their New England clam chowder. The also give you free zucchini bread, which is also quite good. I definately recommend this place if you like more quiet and quaint dining establishments.
2	I went here for a meeting a few weeks ago and from the moment I got there, I could tell the staff wanted to be anywhere but at work that morning. Maybe it was also the company I was there with, but I felt like I should be about 80 to enjoy. Not that there is anything wrong with being 80, but I don't need to feel that way, yet! I ordered a Cesear salad because there's not a lot of vegetarian dishes. It was blah. Nothing to write home about. Like others have said, I got out of there paying $20, but I got a sad salad and a diet coke. It's on a lake, cute, but it's not a place I will go back to.
2	My client and I will occasionally loiter on the patio for afternoon meetings at Busters. The location is nice, it's a cute little spot next to the "lake." As I've never eaten in the restaurant, my review will only cover the patio and bar app menu. So in no particular order, my observations. The patio needs more umbrellas, or perhaps a nice solar sail. Western exposure in the afternoon ... need I say more? The clientele around us was rather ... entertaining (yes, sorry I know that's snarky). It was an odd mix of bridge club and bar star.The waitstaff is friendly enough, but during slow afternoon hours is busy with side work and tends to forget about you. I had to go inside to get my first drink since I missed her when everyone else ordered.  The beer selection is very good, but the food is pretty bland. My last visit we ordered the artichoke dip with chips. There were not enough chips to go around for three people, and the dip was rather mealy. I've had better dip from Costco.I wouldn't go there on my on volition, but it's okay for a meeting.
4	Wow, amazing food here!  This place probably is considered a bit "old school" but let me tell you - the food and cocktails here are fabulous! Three of us ended up in the bar dining room last night and had the following:  Mai Tais that rival those made at the much pricier Trader Vic's, Wings that are as good as those at Hooter's or Oregano's, and a Lavosh that has to be seen/eaten to be believed!My prime rib slider was juicy and delish - my  fries and onion rings perfect.  My picky pal's baby back ribs were succulent and fell off the bone and he raved about the bbq sauce.  My other pal's blackened salmon in a honey mustard glaze also made him very, very happy.  We were too stuffed to try the 8 layer chocolate cake displayed up front w/ the rest of the desserts.  Next time for sure!  Oh, and the bartender was great - she really knew her stuff!
2	I had two gift certificates to this place so we tried it.  I wasn't excited after reading the reviews but it is like watching a movie someone says is bad.  You really want it to be better than it is.  The ambiance is very stale.  My husband actually said it smelled "old".   We were the youngest people in there other than the staff by 25 or 30 years.  The manager was incredibly friendly which was a plus but our server was very slow.  The food tasted like cafeteria food very average.  My husband had a steak on onion rings and I had coconut shrimp each right around $20 a plate.  They serve a lot of food you could easily share an entree.
5	Known for their prime rib in the evenings, they have a wide variety of other menu items.  I should know, I've eaten lunch there on average of twice a week for 4 years now.  No wonder I'm the "Duke".  Great rooms for private parties or presentations, one seats 47, the other seats 35 with closed doors and a nice patio when it cools off.
2	Upon arriving @ Buster's On the Lake, it became immediately clear that our party was underdressed.  Most guests came attired in khakis and button downs at the very least; our part was full of out of town shorts and basketball shirts.  That said, our reservation was honored, no problem, and we were met w/ a minimal amount of disapproving glances.  Sure, they seated us in The Lounge, a darkened bar which it became apparent was the restaurant's haven for the undesirables:      There goes that 30-year-old, hunched over in her walker. Oh, look,     Honey!  An interracial couple wearing somewhat urban attire.  Is it     Halloween?  That couple's teenage daughter didn't dress beyond her    years and OMG TOO MUCH PLASTIC SURGERY OVER THERE!!!We were there for Thanksgiving and the $28 dollar price tag suggested a fine dining experience.  What one got was a slightly above average cafeteria/bar setting (I kept the half-lukewarm Thanksgiving turkey because it's just so obnoxious to send things back) and a friendly glance from the waitstaff forced to work while half the world was off enjoying time w/ their families.It could just be that wheelchairs don't fit so nicely into anywhere but The Lounge, but Buster's is still nothing you'd want to drive 45 minutes out of your way for.
5	We went for Thanksgiving Dinner! It was really good! Great customer service as well! We had a lobster and shrimp bisque soup that was wonderful to start and an all you can eat turkey dinner with all the traditional sides for our main course with pumpkin pie to follow, all for 29.00 a person. I ate so much I thought I'd burst! They had it set up very nicely for the holiday! There regular menu looks great as well so we will definitely return to try it again! We also were able to take a nice walk around the lake afterward, a very nice way to end the meal!
4	Good Networking Party tonight at Buster's.
4	I really liked this place.  If the prices were a little lower I would have given it 5 stars.  I had the Orange Roughy for dinner, and everything was perfect.  The fish filet was cooked perfectly; very tender. The green beans were tender but not mushy; the rice pilaf very good as well.  The meal was fairly large and I didn't leave hungry.  We also had the Buster's Mud Pie for dessert and it was big enough for two.  The waitress always seemed to show up at just the right time.  If I remember correctly, my entree was $22.  I don't usually spend this much when eating out, but it's nice for a splurge.  For the tony crowd in Scottsdale, prices are probably normal.  You'll fit in better if you dress nicely.
2	I ordered their lunch specialty, prime rib sandwich.  A roast beef sandwich from subway probably has about the same amount of flavor as this thing did.  All I could do to try and awaken my taste buds was lather on some horseradish and au jus...  Maybe I picked the wrong item, but when I order a 15$ sandwich I expect quite a bit above average, and this sandwich was average at best.
5	I love Buster's!  The Lavosh is to die for.  Service is always good.  A place to dine and relax. Romantic and nice.
4	Some colleagues invited me for lunch the other day and decided to pick this place.  It was my first visit.  After browsing the menu for a few minutes, I decided to order the California Wrap (Spinach, Tomatoes, Avocado, Feta Cheese, Sun-Dried Tomato Vinaigrette Dressing, Tomato Basil Tortilla, $8.95) with a side of Cole Slaw & Iced Tea.I took one bite out of the California Wrap and was in Heaven!!!  The sweet flavor of Sun-Dried Tomato Vinaigrette Dressing was a perfect compliment to the Feta Cheese & Avocado....the Cole Slaw was amazing too!  What a great combo!The only knock on this experience is that the service was kind of slow.  We had to constantly look for our waiter....to order.....to ask for extra napkins.....to get refills....to get our check.  Maybe we caught him on a bad day?  Because I enjoyed my meal so much, I'll give him the benefit of the doubt.Return Factor - 92%
4	Another restaurant that, while living in AZ, was a family favorite of ours.  Many celebrations, and even Thanksgivings, were spent at this dining establishment.  It's on a lakefront, very pretty and tranquil, but even the interior is very pleasant.  In the days when I ate beef, I used to get their prime rib........deeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeelicious.  Then, as I phased out of that, I changed to their Chicken Sonoma......a chicken breast sauteed and then topped with parmesan cheese, mushrooms, tomatoes and artichoke hearts in a Chardonnay wine sauce and served with garlic smashed potatoes (really yummy) and vegetables.  I got that dish every darn time for years....except at Thanksgiving when they served traditional Thanksgiving fare, which was BEYOND awesome.  As for desserts, I would get the Old Fashioned Skillet Apple Crisp,  with granny smith apples, cinnamon, brown sugar and oatmeal crunch topping, plus vanilla ice cream and caramel sauce.  My daughters typically got Buster's Mud Pie, made with Haagen Dazs chocolate and coffee ice creamlayered in a rich chocolate cake. Topped with chocolate sauce,almonds and whipped cream.  This place did not skip a beat, and you can be sure, the next time we're back in Scottsdale, we WILL go HERE !!
4	We went there with a small group of friends for Arizona's Restaurant Week & Loved it! The food, service & prices were Great.
3	Atmosphere needs a little upgrade in order to attract a bit of a younger crowd but I really like the menu and patio seating.  Happy Hour is decent too.
5	Delicious food, delightful staff.   The BEST Rueben Sandwich in town with a choice of tasty sides.  Happy hour offers the opportunity to sample the Baby Back Ribs while enjoying a exotic ale on tap.  They graciously accommodate dietary /allergy restricted diets and will offer fine dining your way.  Beautiful weddings take place on the patio with dinner and drinks in a private room following the ceremony.  Alumni Groups meet regularly in the spacious bar..but,  call and reserve a table overlooking Lake Madeline to impress someone special.  I am working my way through the menu....yummy.
4	love joining the mature crowd for lunch! started with a cup of clam chowder and it was so good we ended up ordering a cup for all of us, delicious, creamy and the clams are tender and not chewy...some of the best chowder I have had.  the chicken tenders were temupra breaded, light and flaky and juicy on inside  :)  also very pleased with the wraps...Busters is a classic, love it...beautiful view of the lake. The Happy Hour is a must!
3	You know what I like about Buster's? It's that it's actually on a (faux) lake! Yes, the lake isn't real, but it's big and houses live on it and if you close your eyes and try really hard, you might forget we are in the desert without a whole lot of natural water sources. When I visited Buster's it was sadly in the 100's so we couldn't sit out on the patio, but next time I will definitely make sure I do. Instead, we sat in the bar area and enjoyed Cajun Chicken Cesar Salads. The salad itself was hearty and tasty. I added avocado for a little extra. The setting was decent and very old school Scottsdale. Translation: everything is a little older, but clean and there's nothing trendy about this restaurant. I also really enjoyed the delicious bread they bring out to your table. I can't pinpoint the flavor but it reminded me of a bread I'd have as a kid. It's a little sweet, a little sugary and a lot of deliciousness. I also noticed that they have pop corn shrimp on the menu which I will definitely be ordering next time. Buster's is worth a visit but you have to come in expecting an old school restaurant on a faux lake. It's all A-OK. There is plenty of room for large parties. The menu can be pricey, but if you order at the bar, it's definitely more reasonable.
4	In the mood to try something new (new to us anyway), we went to Buster's for lunch.  Summertime is quiet and it was more like midafternoon so the place had only a few tables busy.  I think during tourist season this place is hopping and the patio is always full - I know because we often ride the bike path that goes by.  Today we looked out onto the patio and then the lake, dreaming of a few months from now when we can actually eat outdoors again.  We ordered a cheeseburger which looked like something out of a magazine ad, good quality meat with what looked like a wheat bun and all the fixings.  Gladly substituted a side salad for fries.  I enjoyed soup & salad combo - chicken tortilla soup tasted homemade and a half Chinese chicken salad with a light dressing.  The half was generous plenty for one, I think a whole salad would have been way too much for me.  Service was attentive, food was excellent and prices were reasonable.  I think we found a "new" favorite.  I can't wait to go back.
3	My family has been coming to Buster's for years for consistent American fare with a view.  It's situated along a fake lake, which offers some ambiance to this aging restaurant.  The last time I came was in the middle of summer for dinner.  There were probably three other tables making for a kind of sad dining experience.  I think it's much busier during the fall, winter, and spring seasons.  We ordered pasta, meat loaf, and pork chops, which were all really good and the portions were really hearty.  All of us took our food home.  Our server was really friendly and checked on us to make sure we always had what we needed but not in an annoying way at all.  The hostess could've been friendlier.  Would be nice if they could do some renovating or rebranding to draw more business, since it's kind of hidden in a strip mall. Would love to see Buster's thrive again like it did when I was younger.
5	Been coming here for 15 years.Pro's- rolls and sweet breads (have to ask) are fantastic - meals all good portion size and high quality!- atmosphere good on bar side (tv's for games)- atmosphere on other side quiet but very nice- has a couple large rooms for bigger groupsCon's- bar side service tends to be slower than expectation; only one server covers that area.So happy this restaurant remains given the market space for dining is so competitive.-
4	I actually found tisplace by accident.  We tried to eat at a breakfast place near the same location but it was too full.  I had always heard that Busters had amazing food and indeed it was wonderful.  I had the Eggs Benedict and you actually get more food for the $ than some of my other favorite cafes in the same area.  We will definately be back - soon.
5	Great view and food is Great !
1	Food is so very average which works fine for some people. But the service I received deserves exposure. I lunched here last month with my elderly aunt. We walked into the restaurant 4 minutes prior to opening, however the doors were open. No one at the hostess station so we waited. A few minutes later my aunt, anxious to show this restaurant to me, suggested we look out at the patio to determine if it would be warm enough to lunch there.  While walking to the patio a woman barked "Ladies, ladies! We aren't yet open!"  My aunt tried to explain what we were doing when this woman, the hostess, walked back into the kitchen. We returned to the lobby & waited. The woman returned, no greeting, no smile, no nothing! She just picked up menus & said, "This way." So we said we'd like the patio if it seemed warm enough. She said nothing, just walked us out the door to the patio. On the patio was a mop bucket and several freshly hosed down tables - soaking wet.  I said we'd prefer the dry tables inside.  Snarky hostess again said nothing, just raised her eyebrows and motioned us inside.  Our server was fabulous but that hasn't changed my opinion of this place. Get over yourselves. You have a mediocre product. For me to return to a place my initial impression must be very good.  Very disappointing.
4	Had wonderful dinner tonight,service was wonderful, over all  great time had by all
3	Went here for lunch and sat on the patio by the lake, which had nice views and was very enjoyable.  I ordered one of the hamburgers and the server would not let me substitute a salad for the french fries/onion rings, so had to pay an extra $4 for that.  The burger and salad were both good and were pretty large portions.I would give this a 4 rating but for the service, which was somewhat slow and the server was not knowledgable about the menu and did not offer to ask another server when he was posed with a question that he did not know the answer to.There were lots of enticing menu options, so I will come back again to try something else.
2	Busters- Well it's a place where I've been to a handful of times-It sits by a lake which is nice. It's good for intimate parties. So we went there today with my family for lunch /play picnic since it was super hot for a picnic we decided on busters so we could  eat on the patio by the lake-and the experience was soooo disappointing. So we waited over 15 minutes for a host or hostess. So when my BF walked to ask the woman working in the bar area that we among others are and had been waiting. she was totally rude and sarcastic. When he said wed been. Waiting over 15 min she laughed.... He was upset that he was treated so poorly We ended up leaving. Just from the staff not knowing how to treat customers. My bf introduced me to the place for a quiet lunches years ago and I doubt either of us will ever go back. Pretty upsetting and the funny thing is the hostess still never came and there were a lot of guests in our same situation waiting to see a host or hostess. Hopefully this review will let the employees no that when they are working its their job to represent the co. Otherwise they'll lose customers. Thumbs down on service and attitude. Too bad:(
4	It's not often you can sit on a patio bar overlooking water in Phx. Don't miss this little place. food was very good service friendly and not overly busy.
