5	The cakes are Fantastic! Just like home made and I come from a home where my wife is an incredible cook and can make anything. Even she thought they were wonderful.
1	they do not offer samples of their cakes - it is really lousy of a food business to expect their customers to pay $28-32 for a cake they cannot sample.   How hard is it to offer small samples of your cakes??  the ONE sample they offered today was red velvet and I can honestly say it didn't have any flavor at all - it was very moist - but it was completely without flavor - just tasted like a plain cake.   The girl greeting people at the door was obnoxious - she was rude when I asked if they had samples of the lemon flavor.  Their prices are RIDICULOUS - $3.99 for ONE little bundtlet - I'm sorry that is too much. This place is as big a rip off as SAS cupcakes.    I will not be returning to this store.
1	Try the one in Huntersville, worth the drive.  This location has terrible customer service. Been here  twice and both times they said it would be an hour to have our bundtini's ready. They don't seem to like when customers choose which flavors are in the dozen. Huntersville has them ready in 15 min with the flavors we want every time...plus a map.
3	Went a few weeks into their opening on he trusted recommendation of my sister. She has red velvet and lemon and love both. The ladies were decent, slightly annoyedBy my asking questions about the flavors. If they had any sort of SIGNS you wouldn't have to ask so many times. They also seem to be annoyed by the mini bundtini that they only sell by the dozen. They tell you what flavors go in? No thank you. So I ordered 4 of the next size up, think their caller bundtlettes. At $5 each you would think that at least buys you a few. Questions and a smile. Nope...That being said, their cake is moody and icing is rich and smooth. Perhaps they could ease up on the Icing at parts. Cinnamon swirl, red velvet are my favorite with pecan in third. They were sampling lemon that day and after getting a dirty look from the sales lady for trying it, I wish I hadn't. I  will be back only bc my niece loved them but we will let them work our their kinks and their smirks first.
5	First, let me start with the downside. This place doesn't take direct deposit and that is very inconvenient for me. I mean, it would just be easier for me to have my paycheck sent here and then I just go pick up my cakes. Come on, doesn't it just make sense to cut out the middle man?Also, I can see what the customer service comments were about. You get what you pay for when you've got a bunch of teenage girls, but they are nice enough. I do find it odd, though, that they can't recognize me. I've got the eyes of a tarsier, I'm always in my very unflattering work uniform, and I'm in there at least twice a week. Oh well.Despite all of those shenanigans, these cakes are insanely good. I was told about them about a month ago and have easily thrown down over a hundred dollars from that time until now. Some for other people, but mostly for myself. I have honetly adjusted the rest of my diet to make caloric room for these things. Seriously, y'all... I've eaten tuna and black beans two days in a row; although, that may be indicative of a deeper issue - but they are that good. Worth it.Anyway, I gotta go eat my cinnamon swirl cake now. You should be eating one, too.
4	Look - I didn't want to like this place. I wanted it to be too expensive (it's not), I wanted it to be close to what you could make at home (it isn't - it's much better) and I wanted the staff to be rude and condescending (they have always been nice). Why pray tell? I'll tell you why - because there is a Starbucks right next door that we walk to on the weekends and I knew if this place was decent I was going to have to add the cost of this cake to my weekly Starbucks walk.Guess what ? Last weekend I skipped the Starbucks just to get the cake. haha - FLIP !We get the $4 one that is perfect for two empty nesters. Whatever the 'cake of the month' is - we get it. They are all fantastic.I'm the type of person who wonders why anyone would buy a cupcake when you can just go to a Harris Teeter and get a dozen for the same price. 99% of the cupcakes I've had (there is this one place we like) are no better than the run of mill supermarket cupcake. This is different - these bundt cakes are something that you eat and you say (out loud) "Oh, this is good !"Now I need to go back and rework the numbers on my budget so I can buy more bundts! See ya.
3	So... I am totally torn with this review.  As a novelty item to perhaps take to a party or for an event, I think these adorable, well flavored cakes would be a hit.  For me to hole up with my cats watching old John Hughes movies in my sweats on a Saturday night?  Not really worth it.On a beautiful Saturday, I made the drive out to BFE to shop at Kohl's and pickup some bundt cakes with my favorite Yelper, Candyce B.  I purchased a 12-pack of bundtinis (slightly larger than a mini-cupcake) and one of the bundtlets (the size of a giant cupcake/muffin from Costco).  The total was $24.The flavors (in order of most to least favorite):  White Chocolate Raspberry, Red Velvet, Strawberries and Cream (this was the lone bundtlet that I got), Lemon and Chocolate Chocolate Chip.  The cake, overall, was incredibly moist, but not crumbly.  The icing, while tasty, I thought overpowered the cake.  Most bundt cakes that I have had/made/bought just have a drizzle of icing.  These cakes have more like a butter cream / cream cheese mixture, I just wasn't a huge fan, and scraped most of it off.  The White Chocolate Raspberry, Red Velvet and Strawberries and Cream were all very good.  The Lemon seemed more dense than the others and while lemony, just wasn't great to me.  The Chocolate Chocolate Chip was surprisingly not a rich chocolate taste, and just seemed flat to me, and the icing was not complementary.  From the other reviews, I didn't have any issue with the staff.  The young lady that helped us was pleasant and efficient.  While I enjoyed most of what I got, and the bundtinis are super cute, I honestly didn't think the cakes were much better than the cakes that Harris Teeter has.  Definitely not enough to warrant the drive for me or the price, unless I needed an adorable dessert for some kind of special occasion.
4	It's a cute little shops with cute little cakes. I'm normally not a fan of bundt cake....I'm a cupcake gal. Seriously, give me a Red Velvet cupcake and I'm a happy camper. But since I 'd heard such great things about this place I had just to give them a try. So on a girls day out with the lovely Amy C. we strolled in for a sweet treat. The girls behind the counter were very pleasant and we were in and out in no time. I'd already checked out the menu online and knew that I wanted to try the White Chocolate Raspberry and Strawberries and Cream. I had to pass on the Red Velvet because they put chocolate chips in the mix....perhaps that's cool for some but it's just not my thing!I was proud of myself. I only left with two bundlets. My favorite hands down was the White Chocolate Raspberry. It was light, moist and had just the right about of flavor. It was a bit heavy with the cream cheese icing but you can just scoop off the excess and enjoy the cake. If I'm out this far again, I'd make it a point to grab a bundlet or two!
5	Oh. My. God! So moist and sweet. Tried the chocolate chocolate bundt while waiting for my Free (stumbled across a coupon) white chocolate raspberry bundtlet. Both are AMAZING and I'm not even a fan of chocolate cakes.The owner met us at the counter, explained the menu and options. A line started forming in this cute little shop. Very friendly and quick service.I know where my next birthday cake is coming from!
5	MUST TRY! The cake is always moist and the icing is perfect. You can't go wrong with any flavor. I just love this little chain of bundts!My cousin had a different flavor of Nothing Bundt Cakes in the center of every table at her wedding and encouraged sharing (I may have had 8 pieces). Such a great idea :p
5	If you do not want to get addicted to something, do not come here. This is the most addicting dessert place ever!  They have many Different varieties. My favorite is the chocolate chocolate chip...a must try!!
5	LOVE this place!!!  I got hooked after they gave a dozen buntinies away to try for first time.  I would have never guessed that they would have tasted so good! They have great customer service, at times it gets crazy busy and orders can get confused, so check before you leave. Mistakes are unavoidable at some points in life, but they go over and beyond to make things right to the point where the inconvenience becomes very convenient:)  Great staff, great management,  I highly recommend them weather it's for a birthday or you just want a snack!
