5	Yay for Chicken Tenders! Culver's is an amazing chain with the best hamburgers, I'm sorry, Butterburgers around! The custard is fresh and made daily in wonderful seasonal flavors.
1	My worst experiences at Culver's has happened here so it is here I must give my lowest score.   They once couldn't allow me to order chicken because even though it was on the menu it was not being cooked right then.  5 pm.  duh.  So we left.Then I once wanted lettuce on my hamburger and they forgot.  Ok, no big deal but then when my burger came back it had a piece of lettuce about the size of a quarter so I asked for more lettuce and the guy behind the counter added some lettuce along with a good portion of disgust.   I really don't know where that disgust came from but it was freakin' weird and also very disheartening.Whatever, I got my lettuce and ate my burger.   What a sh**y meal.pretty basic burger and ice cream joint with some kids working the counter.  Nothing to get too excited about and a place that I pretty much pass up almost always.
3	For situations like these, I wish Yelp had an option to rate the food/product separately from the service. This location had excellent service, but the food was absolutely disgusting, however, that's because the food at every Culver's is disgusting, and not any fault of the employees.The burgers are drowning in grease, are super thin and flavorless, and make the buns soggy quickly. There's nothing I hate more than a soggy bun. Urgh. The pickles are also sweeter pickles, which I'm not a huge fan of. The fries were not at all crisp, which is another down side. That said, the service was excellent. We'd eaten at a Culver's once before and didn't like the food, but we thought we'd give a new location another try. Not being familiar with how the chain works, the counter lady was kind and explained things to us and was just very friendly. So was the gal who brought our food to us. So they were excellent!I just don't get the appeal of Culver's food and shan't be going back again. If I want flavorless fast food, I'll go somewhere cheaper and less greasy.
3	I was in Verona on business and saw a sign that read "Butter burgers" and instantly knew that I would be trying this place out. I have never heard of Culvers or butter burgers, but i KNOW now. The burger is pretty good. It was crispy and moist at the same time.The Fried cheese curds weren't all that. The custard was amazing. They let you sample before you buy which was pretty cool. All in all I would go again
3	update:  Culver's has improved in quality and also in service.  This has brought me back.  The fish and shrimp meals are pretty good now.  but the shrimp dip and the tartar sauce is sub-par.   They really need to change these sauces and they need more shrimp sauce for the 10 pc.  One doesn't cut it.I tried the roast beef dinner the other day.   The beef was good but the bread it was placed on was very tough and pretty basic.  They need to improve the bread or add some carrots to it or something.   I would suggest opting away from the beef roast.In Verona there is no dinner selection on the drive through board.  I checked twice and could not find it.  They had one dinner item listed in the picture board section.  I find their boards somewhat difficult to navigate as opposed to other drive through restaurants.
4	Here's what I like about Culvers:Thanks a Farmer Campaign- LOVE LOVE this.THEY LOVE WISCONSIN! Beef, Cheese, Milk, Farms, ...It's clean inside, staff is polite, and generally seem happy to be there.Who wants food served from someone who hates their job?While I wouldn't eat here everyday day, if we're going to stop for fast food it's an easy decision.  Frozen custard all the way!
4	Super yummy cheese butter burgers! I love all the staff, they are always cheerful and some know you by name. It's a nice place for lunch and the ice cream.... SWEET BABY JESUS it is great! I love Culvers and constantly crave their yummy food.
2	My son likes Culvers since we don't have any in PA.    He likes the burgers and cheese curds.   I tried a fry average.   And the chili supreme.  The chili was ok.... Don't bother with paying the extra $1 for the supreme which was a few pieces of onion, some cheese and sour cream.    I couldn't wait to try the cheese curds.  They didn't have any flavor.   I'd rather have mozerella sticks.    Looking for the best cheese curds the the old Fashion in Madison.
4	Great place to get a burger. Double butter burger is my favorite, but this particular Culver's seems to have the best pork tenderloin sandwich. The staff is always nice of course. I'm not an ice cream person but I would occasionally enjoy their turtle. Why would you ever want to go to Mcdonalds or other fastfood places if you have Culver's?
2	This was my first time trying Culvers. It's nothing special and is comparable to Wendy's or any other fast food burger place.
