3	Right next to the Siskey Y.... and Super Bilo. This combo baskin robins / dunkin donuts is tucked in the corner of the shopping center. Plenty of indoor and outdoor seating... good place for ice cream or coffee... breakfast on the go.The staff is pretty friendly even though they have been cracking since 6am.  I like how dunkin has "smart" choices on their menu... however I rarely order from it.
2	Ew, this location was crawling with ankle biters gone wild and very dirty ....at nine in the morning, what gives? When I went up to the cash register the chick just looked at me with a look like what was I doing there. When she didn't say anything and I had to say "Hi" again, she just looked at me all deer in the headlights-like. And then when I had to initiate more conversation like a "How are you?" so we could get the ball rolling with the making of coffee, she finally caught on. Meh indeed my friends.
5	Everyone here is extremely friendly and helpful. Best coffee around. Very clean and plenty of seating!!  Love it!
5	I went there early in the morning so it was busy so i felt bad for not knowing exactly what i wanted and holding up the line. The guy on the other side of the counter was super nice and patient and helped me out. I would go back again.
3	Super clean DD's here, you can tell it's a relatively new building.  Go for the coffee and let the donuts destroy your blood sugar - diabetes who??Fairly convenient location to McKee road and the Siskey YMCA, because who doesn't want a coffee and a donut after they've finished working out?Despite my sarcasm, I do think this is a nice DD and I do frequent it to pick up the 1lb bags of coffee to bring home.
3	Some days the team is in work mode. Cut the personal chit chat with each other and going with the flow. At least show a sense of urgency that you want to get customer in and out quickly and as a guest I would give higher mark. By the way, Ms Judy and Hannah ROCK, always smiling and trying to take care of customer
4	I've been to this Dunkin many times since August 2014. The place is clean and the staff is friendly. The staff seem to care about the work and provide good service. Compared to some other Dunkin Donuts in the area, I think this one is the best.
