4	Another afternoon in the Summerlin area, we decided to trek over to the Suncoast Casino for some grub.  I'm so happy we encountered this place that serves happy hour deals all day everyday!   Appetizers are half price in their large bar area.  The Tuscan Spinach Dip was served with fresh (warm) tortilla chips.  Their $1.50 bucket of fries weren't really served in a bucket, but were way worth it.  A high point of our dining experience was the sliders, each for $1.50 on the happy hour menu.  With a nice charbroiled taste and caramelized onions, we ended up ordering more.  A low point was my incomplete house salad.  This order usually comes with croutons, cucumber slices, and a garlic breadstick.  I pretty much had a small plate of just lettuce.  They did bring me a garlic breadstick later though.Speaking of bringing it...all the waiters work as a team, tending to all patrons.  I must've dealt with six different waiters after we were seated.  Service was with a smile and diligence!  The drinks weren't bad either during happy hour.  I tried their Electric Lemonade which was like kool-aid with a little kick.  Their $5 Margarita, with 1800 Silver Tequila, was flawless.  The next time I visit, I will partake in their Endless Soup, Salad and Bread Lunch Deal.  From 10am to 4pm, $4.99 will get you all you can eat soup, salad, and bread.  What a freakin deal.  Hell...I might just have to get a slider or two while I'm at it.
4	Happy Hour All Day Everyday1/2 price on appetizers$1.50 Cheesburger Sliders$2.50 for domestic beersIt doesn't get any better than that. Any time you need a slider fix, you can go to "Happy Hour" at T.G.I. Friday's at the Suncoast Hotel Casino. Happy hour lasts ALL DAY LONG (I think this goes for all TGIF locations in Vegas).  I've only tried their wings and I just love the sliders for a late night munch... I'll be going back soon to try their other appetizer dishes! At half off! What a deal!
4	This TGI Friday's is a bit out of the way for me, but it's worth it.First off, not all of the TGI Friday's outlets in Las Vegas are created equal.  Usually when we're talking chain restaurants (e.g. Chili's, etc) you can't tell the difference if you're in San Diego or Santa Fe.  But I've been to a few Friday's in Vegas and let me tell you the spectrum of quality on what is some fairly basic food is vast.  But here at the Suncoast, you'll find the best staff and that's a good start.I've only sat at the bar to grab a bite before or after a movie.  All the bartenders and servers I've come in contact with are very attentive, friendly and don't mind chatting you up as you wait to pass the time.  The food is the same at all Friday's but it seems like the cooks know what they're doing and put some effort into the preparation and presentation.  I usually get the Gourmet Mac & Five Cheese, which is just the right portion size and pretty good for a cookie cutter chain.I also like the entertainment setup here.  Plenty of HD flat screens well positiond for sports viewing.  Most the appetizers are half-price and domestic beers are cheap for vegas at $2.50.  The only downfall I have is that my iphone gets bad reception for its internet service, putting me at Edge rather than 3G... or sometimes nothing at all.  But that's really stretching to find something bad to say about my experience here.
4	Not a HUGE fan of TGI Friday's (I prefer indies to chains), but they do have all day happy hour, which is pretty solid.  Alvin L summed it up pretty well in his review.  Also, the Jack Daniels steaks are pretty tasty.
3	This was our second stop at their Suncoast location.  The food was good - the service was not.  We waited at the door for quite awhile before we were seated.   I almost answered the ringing phone for them.  By the time the guy did get to it, the people had hung up.  Maybe they thought they were closed.  I wouldn't sit in the bar area again.  Too loud!  Live and learn!
4	I used to love TGI Fridays about 10 years ago but it went downhill at some point and I stopped going.  But looking for a bar in Suncoast, TGI Fridays seemed as good as any of the other options.  I'm glad we came!  The bartender was super nice and helpful.  We made just in time for the 9pm happy hour which offers $4 beers (anything on tap), $5 sangria, and $6 for any "ultimate" drink.  They have Styrofoam cups and lids in case you need to take your drinks "elsewhere."  I'm not sure about the food but the bar is definitely a good time.
5	I read a review on google maps that was quite negative.  I disregarded it and am glad that I did.  The food was great and the service was awesome!
1	The guy cannot operate the ordering machine, the bar tender did not care to serve us.  The food is just like any other T.G.I. Friday's - but the people working there are dumb and rude.  We went there because it was very late... We didn't have that many options... There are definitely better places to spend your money.  DO NOT GO HERE.
3	Service is not that good but the pork chop is! I was pleasantly surprised.
4	After passing up sushi, create-a-burger and mexican food, I found myself at a TGI Friday (yeah I know...).  For some reason back in Michigan the atmosphere always rubbed me the wrong way, but I'm pretty glad I came here.The 2 for 22 special is pretty great.  I loved the food selection, they didn't skimp on the portion size.  The service was pretty great.Our waiter seemed like a pretty cool guy, he was definitely had a look similar to Travis Touchdown from No More Heroes.  I will not apologize for using a videogame reference in a Yelp review, but I'm not that great of a reviewer so anything outside of saying, "FOOD...GOOD..." is great in my book. Great value overall and an enjoyable experience, I can seem myself coming here more often relative to my once every other year visit to a TGI Friday's.
2	I've had better experiences at OTHER T.G.I. Friday's.The food is still the same like other locations.  "Thank goodness."  BUT the service need to be worked on especially when there's only five tables to service and three servers are out on the floor.  The means something, which is called POOR SERVICE!I'm here with family and it's my cousin's 21st birthday.  It's not the best place for dinner but we want to make it something special for her.  The birthday celebrant's sister asked the waiter in advance to bring out  a birthday dessert for her so that we could sing her Happy Birthday but the server failed to remember and offer it.  We asked him three times and instead gave the brownie with ice cream dessert with no candles to the celebrant's brother.  We looked at him and said where's the birthday dessert.  The server replied, "Oh I thought it was for him."  He instead brought out his cigarette lighter and told the lady celebrant "here you can pretend to blow of the light with this."  HORRIBLE!!!
4	We gave the place another try tonight because of two promotions at this location.  It was a complete reversal of the last less than delightful visit.  We were seated in the restaurant area which was much quieter than the bar area, and I could watch the damn Patriots throw the game away to the Jersey Giants.  Oh well, that's not why we were here.This location is doing an "Eat Like a High Roller" promotion through the end of December.  It's $10 off when you spend $25 or more.  That's a good discount.  I ordered their steak and lobster promotion.  I got a 6 ounce sirloin done rare the way I requested, two sides, and a cup of clam chowder.  The steak and lobster is $13.99 and the soup added for $1.99.  That's a great value and everything was very good!My wife ordered their sizzling chicken and cheese with a double side of broccoli.  She brought one of the chicken breasts home and she enjoyed her meal.For dessert, I got a slice of red velvet cake with vanilla ice cream.  Total for the two of us after the $10 off was $35.  That included two iced teas.Our server was Olivia and she was a gem.  Delightful young lady with a great personality and good service.  I'll ask for her another time when we're there.  I am a fan!
4	Nice place. They've got some great bargains.  Check out the menu before ordering anything. Some drinks are triple the specials price if ordered with different brand liquor and food specials will keep you from looking at regular priced stuff. Great sliders!Bartender really friendly.
4	Lately we've had some very good experiences at this Friday's.  We were there on a Sunday evening with another couple, which means all day and night Happy Hour, and not just at the bar.  We sat in the back, so we wouldn't interrupt all the football fans watching the game on TV.  :D  Naturally, we had two BOGO coupons, so we sure couldn't find much fault with four main courses and reduced-price drinks.  The service was also very good.  I'm not a fan of chain restaurants in general, but the one thing that usually can be said it that you always know what you'll get.  My one consistent nit with TGIF is that you NEVER know what you'll get; no matter how often we go, and being that it's so close, that's fairly often, there always seems to be a new menu.  Just once I'd like to be able to know where to find what I'm looking for!
2	I was happy until I went to this TGI Friday's for happy our and ruined my mood. Let me first tell you that TGIF is one of my favorite chain restaurants, I usually go to the one at the Orleans casino but this time there was some kind of event going on and they were real busy, I had set my heart on the steak and lobster so I decided to take the trip all the way across town to the sun coast.When I got there the place was almost empty and honestly I was happy it was since I was starving. The hostess offered us to sit at the bar area so I we take advantage of the happy hour which we agreed.... and happiness was over. We waited for a long time to order our drinks, we waited a lot time to order our appetizers then we waited a long time to order our entrees and having worked in the service industry I'm the first one to stand in defense of the help. I understand that many things can happen that affects good service, problems at home, bad management, crew under staffed, super busy, but when it happens to me that's when understanding stops, specially when the place is this dead, I could find no excuse for him but that we didn't fit the waiter's ideal tipping customer's profile? By this time I was willing to ignore the waiters sad service during happy hour, get my own beers at the bar and concentrate on my much anticipated steak and lobster. Short version .....WTF!
1	When service is this bad, who even wants to try the food?! Went here last night with my wife and six other people. When we arrived the hostess actually appeared unhappy to see us. The place was a ghost town except for one family and a couple but we were still told it would be a 10 minute wait. After waiting 15 minutes and receiving no updates from the surly blonde in front, we decided to go spend our usual $200 plus tip someplace where they would be happy for the business.
2	I've been to many TGI Friday's as a single, a couple and a parent with kids. I have to say the staff did not seem to have a clue as to how to deal with parents with kids. The hostess was more concerned about where we were going to 'park' our stroller then in finding us a seat in a nearly empty restaurant that met our needs. This Friday's, being in a Vegas locals casino, is used to kids so it is not like this was a new experience. That aside, the menu was good as far as selection but only so-so in preparation. We went to this one because we knew it was early enough and so the restaurant would be empty. I can't say I would go back.
4	Happy Hr in the bar! $6 cocktails & $6 appetizers are great. But the service sitting at the bar is what sold me! I will definitely be back there ;-)
4	$10 Jack Daniel's Burger & Queso dip, $3 happy hour beer, super friendly staff and no wait on seating...heck yeah.  Great place, great food.  4 stars is my rating.-Doug
4	Always love TGI Friday's.  Love the atmosphere and the staff.  Definitely recommend getting the club (the bread is amazing).  One of the best club's I've had.  Oh, and gotta love Happy Hour ;)
3	We only eat here before a movie starts since it's right next to the Century theater in Suncoast. The service is usually very slow even though there are a lot of wait staff walking around.The staff really brings this place down. All of the female employees talk and tlak and talk and gossip. Do I really have to hear about your work problems because the hostess sat me next to the bus station?We've never had an issue with the food but the employees are unprofessional and the service is slow.
4	I haven't been to TGI Fridays for years. Lately, we have been coming to Suncoast to watch movies. Since this restaurant is right next door to the theater, it's the perfect place to eat before or after a movie.What I like about this place:-clean-not crowded -friendly service-food comes out quicklyOf course whenever I come here, I just have to order the Loaded Potato Skins. They are a little bit stingy with the cheese and bacon, but they still taste very good. This is one dish that you have to eat right away. It doesn't taste as good if you take it home, trust me!Here are their current Happy Hour Deals:-$6 appetizers, ultimate cocktails-$5 sangrias-$4 20 oz. glass draught beers, well drinks, wine by the glass-$3 14 oz. glass draught beers, bottled beersMonday-Saturday: 3-7, 9-close bar area onlySundays: all day bar and dining room (yay!)It may not feel like "Friday" here, but its a nice, relaxing place with good food. Also FYI, they have a rewards program called Give Me More Stripes. You can register for it online, and they send you a coupon for a free appetizer or dessert, just for signing up. You earn 1 "stripe" for every $1 spent, which can later be used to redeem rewards. This location does participate in the program.
1	If you have looked at my review history you know how rare it is to get 1 star from me.  I'm pretty easy going and easy to please! The reason I say that is because if you get a 1 star review from me...you really suck.  We went here on a whim after being in the casino.  I knew it was going to be a rough ride when we stood at the hostess station for 5 minutes before we were even greeted.  After she finally came to seat us she took us to a booth in the back where she told us it was happy hour and K*** would be our server.  (Remember that she told us it was happy hour)  While waiting the 10 minutes it took our server to make her way to us we noticed a sign on the table detailing happy hour pricing and specials, which sounded good.  After she finally arrived and asked what we'd like to drink we asked for two drinks that were shown on the happy hour sign.  We were then informed that you have to be in the bar area to take advantage of happy hour pricing. WTF? Then why did the hostess tell us it was happy hour when she seated us outside of the bar area? Why are there signs on our table about how awesome happy hour is, with prices, when the table is outside of the designated happy hour area? Anyway, our ray of sunshine waitress told us there are tables open over there if we want to move, which we agreed to do. After grabbing our novels that are the Friday's menus, we follow K*** over to the promised land where she proceeds to wave her hand at an open table and walk off. After 5 minutes or so of setting there with no service we walked.  You suck Suncoast Friday's...you suck!  And that concludes the story of "The Great Happy Hour Misunderstanding of 2013".
3	We went for lunch on a Saturday afternoon using a 25% off coupon from the internet.  I hadn't been to a TGI Friday's in over 5 years.  They were located in the Suncoast Casino near the Century theater.  We were seated in a booth in the bar area.  Some other people joined us, so we had to move in the main dining area since there was a minor joining us.I ordered the Grilled Chicken Cobb Salad which had balsamic-marinated chicken breast fire-grilled and drizzled with balsamic glaze. served over chopped romaine with sliced avocado, grape tomatoes, hard-boiled egg, applewood-smoked bacon and crumbled bleu cheese with choice of dressing on the side.My friends both ordered the Skillet Garlic Shrimp which was a sizzling skillet of risotto-style rice topped with tender garlic-marinated shrimp, roasted garlic and a bruschetta mix of diced tomatoes and fresh basil in a creamy roasted alfredo sauce.They had a Happy Hour menu offering half off appetizers.  I would come back for the Happy Hour.
4	The service and friendliness levels were exceptional on this specific visit. The speed of food preparation was extraordinarily slow. The food was average, and priced high at this hotel location. The brownie sundae was extremely horrible tasting like plastic boxed brownies.
3	My last trip to a TGIF was at the Aliante Casino and that was a 1 star. We just got done watching Casey Abrams at the showroom and was feeling too lazy to go out anywhere else to eat. Soooooooooo I held my breath as we sat down and went over the menu.From my experience at the other location, I knew what not to get. This time, for our party of 3 we decided to share wings, nachos, fried green beans, and a beef quesadilla. I was pretty sure you couldn't mess any of those up. When it was brought out, it was actually decent except for the nachos were a bit salty.Service was below mediocre because as soon as we got our food, we didn't see our server for a good while. Since the nachos were a bit salty, I finished my water quick. it was only when more people showed to be seated was when we got the attention of our server. What is it with service at all these TGIF's? It starts out ok and then they disappear.I have been to numerous TGIF's in my lifetime and I seem to recall back then the service was usually pretty good. Same for the food. I know it has gone downhill too. Maybe too much overexpansion? It is a chain but I refuse to believe that's the cause. At least this location the food was a bit better but the service was about the same.
5	this place is great!! food is delicious....
1	Will not go back. The floors and tables were dirty.
1	Very bad customer service. The server gave my to go order to somebody else and they claimed it is not their fault. The manager apparently don't care and just blamed it on the other customer. Customers are treated very poorly and we waited 47 minutes for the guy to pick up the check. We keep trying to stop somebody to get our check so we can go home but nobody is paying attention! We feel so discriminated! The manager had the nerve to tell me that next time we should the to go bag. As a customer I have never been treated this poorly before. I cannot imagine myself going through somebody else's to go bag!
3	Friendly service. Decent food. Close to the movie theater. And pool tables if you want to take a break from gambling!
1	Lets start off with being seated. The host was having a "lovely" conversation with another employee and took a good 5-6 minutes to finish her conversation and address our party. Loss of a star right off the bat. Once we were seated it took 20 minutes till a server arrived to take our order. Loss of another star. This is no exaggeration. Once we placed our order it took exactly 43 minutes for our food to come out. Yes i timed it. Lost their third star right there. Next my "burger" which i feel is a dishonor to even give it the name burger was about the size of a slider...and not to mention the order was messed up. I had asked for a few specific modifications to my "burger" for example no tomatoes. However when it arrived it had exactly what was written on the menu. As if the server completely ignored my requests. The patty was dry and bland no flavor at all. And they were extremely skimpy with the fries. It was a bag with about 15-20 fries in there, it looked like it had been half eaten. Boom lost their fourth star there. If yelp would allow me to give 0 stars i would. So it seems this yelper will not be returning to T.G.I fridays.
1	Yuck.   I remember a day when I loved TGIF's.   It wAs in the 80s.   Now it's just greasy bar food but not the good kind.   I think they started the potato skin trend....  And they ended it too!
2	Stopped into the bar for happy hour while waiting to meet a friend. Not very busy but bartender failed to greet me for at least 5 minutes. When he did look at me he seemed like he was distracted or if i was adding to his awful day. One beer (20 Oz) for $4 on tap not a bad price but really put off by the experience.
3	Had the steak n salmon.great. ..Loaded mashed potatoes, not so much.bartender was nice.atmosphere was nice.
5	Really good food and service !!! Cool endless appetizers !!!  JORDAN  was our waiter and ask for him !!! He was excellent ! We will be back.
1	Took forever to be seated; no hostess at station and had to go into bar and ask bartender if someone could seat us.  After we were seated, no one took beverage order or even stopped at table to say I'll be with you in a minute even when several waitstaff walked by us as they were coming & going from other tables.  We waited about 10 minutes and then walked out. Would give negative stars if I could.  Don't come here; they don't want your business.
2	Sitting here on a Friday night with my wife and son, and the place is not busy.  It took my waiter (short guy with a beard) almost 20 minutes to take our food order.  He told me he was responsible for a lot of tables.  I joked that I see 5 people cleaning but he is the only server taking orders,  and he stated he was the only one...somehow I think he flat out lied.  The food was served quickly and was good, just not the waiter.
5	Amazing service and Jordan is THEE BEST server we have had in quite some time! He was full of recommendations and kept our endless appetizers coming faster than we were able to keep up with. We definitely plan  on making this our new hangout when we're looking to get out.
3	It was ok...what can you say about a chain..the service was just ok, the food was fine, the price was fine.If you happen to be in the area the food is ok here.
5	Friend and I went at 4pm as we had tickets for a 5pm movie so we decided to sit at the bar. Brian at the bar got us taken care of and quickly with Buffalo Wing Appetizers, while my companion had the French Dip while I had the Jack Daniels Chicken sandwich. We both had Jack and Cokes also. Great service and food.
3	This Fridays is located inside the Suncoast casino. I like the late happy hour hours, and service here has been pretty good. You can stop in after a movie, or do some gaming after dinner. The food is good, standard for the Friday's chain.
2	OK let me get right to the point: The food was NOT Very good. I ordered their sizzled chicken and spinach and it didn't even look a little like the picture. The chicken was small as hell and it was supposed to come with mushrooms. PLUS they only gave me very little vegetables and it was supposed to be a lot of veggies. On the bright side my family absolutely loved dessert and the service was great, But they most definitely need a new chef on board.
4	Wed. is baby back  rib day. What a deal, a full rack of delicious ribs,at 1/2 price..Sides of broccoli, and sweet potato freis were excellent.. The server was very good. Seated promptly.  Food delivery was timely.  Caesars salad was not very good. Very acidic.All and all, a very nice experience.
1	Took 40mins for my meal to come out horrible !!! Got my buzz before my food ! Horrible but the bartender was really good about it n comp'd out bill! U better sucker
1	No longer open in the sun coast casino!!!Closed for monthsHow can this been on yelp. Incorrect info!!'
