5	As I walked into the church to have a look around during the last ten minutes of the 8p Youth Choir Christmas Mass service last night (I was killing time waiting for family to get out of work so that we'd attend the Midnight Mass), I was awashed with gifts of awe, beauty, and welcoming embrace that this space always bestows upon me.  This was only my second visit in 27 months since I moved out of Chandler, and last night's first moments standing in this church made me wistful of my decision to leave Chandler and this space.  (I went from attending mass every week to only attending two masses, Easter '07 and Christmas '08, since moving out!)Even without the Christmas treatments (outdoor lights, indoor and outdoor Nativity decorations, gorgeous red- and gold-adorned trees, Advent wreaths, white and red poinsettias, and the fabulous (to me!) scents of frankincense and myrrh), this church and its grounds are beautfully designed.  Whether or not you plan to attend a service, be sure to give yourself time to have a look around, both indoors (stained-glass windows, stations of the cross and Mother Mary grotto) and outdoors (fountain depicting Jesus, the Fisher of Men and the one-year old EXQUISITE prayer garden).  I came upon this prayer garden by serendipity- while trying to kill time and burning some calories, I walked around the lot and on my way back to the courtyard, I heard and spied water fountain jets running and thought "Oh, they must have turned on the jets at the Fisher of Men statue," w/c I've never seen, or even thought it had.  So I walked through the floral-motif metal gates (wrought-iron?) and walked around the rose garden.  Its space was absolutely resplendent with fountains, an altar for the Virgin Mary, beautiful roses everywhere (planted, and painted in murals, which were accented with rose-adorned metal railings!), and a comfy metal and stone bench.  I cannot wait to come back to this space for rejuvenating quiet reflection!While I miss Fr. Joe Hennessy's services (he retired in '07), I thoroughly enjoyed Fr. John Coleman's personality and the enthusiastic and gleeful manner in which he presented the homily and service!  The adult choir and orchestra members (all volunteers w/ the exception of the paid composer) were impressive as always.  Thanks to everyone involved, I have definitely found my way back to this community and space.
4	The building is amazing and no matter where you sit, you'll have a good view. The community is very organized and everything runs smooth. I just miss a bit the popular songs as their choir (sounds nice) covers your effort to sing. Father Joey has to be my favorite, always real and to the point. A good place to attend mass.
5	10/11Took the day off from work and treated myself to an hour of grounding, yet spiritually-lifting mass at Chandler's beautiful (both interior and exterior) St. Andrew the Apostle.  Father Coleman was once again a delight to hear, and the adult choir and accompanying band of talented musicians always bring joy to my soul- I am ever enthralled watching the pianist perform!Took a few photos of the Prayer Garden, installed by Father Joe, who  retired in 2007.  Hope you enjoy!
5	I'm not Catholic, but I attended today with my mom and sister who are interested in the church.I really like this community. Very warm and welcoming, and very diverse. Also it's come as you are, which I think churches should be. But people were dressed as casual as shorts to dressed up in suits. The parish itself is beautiful. I loved the music! The band and choir sounded so professional! It was very spiritually uplifting. There is a prayer garden that has beautiful water features and a fountain. It was nice to sit there and take in the serenity.Great parish!
5	This was the church I went to because it was the closest one to me while I was living in Chandler. It somehow felt strange to me at first because I was used to the old churches in Mexico. After going a few times, getting involved, and meeting the community, I knew this was "home." Now I live almost 1/2 hour away, and I still go to St. Andrew the Apostle Church.I especially love the garden- peaceful, refreshing, and welcoming.
