4	Nail salon review, nail tech was Hanah.  Had full set done by her on two occasions.  Ive visited several different salons/nail techs over the years & Hanah did THE BEST set of nails I've ever had.  Consistent & efficient.  Love her, "Honey"!
2	Store is clean and prices are always awesome. Lines are ridiculously long in the evenings, so we've just stopped going then. When we take 5 min to get our food and 20 minutes in line, it's a waste of time.Also, people using the self-checkout are almost slower than the regular cash registers. Apparently no one knows how to work the machines and it takes 10x longer.One guy even left his cart right in front of us after buying two items. Like right in the line.. left his cart. Good stuff.Customer service area sucks. They are always grumpy. And forget doing ship-to-store there. We waited 15 minutes while MULTIPLE workers walked by before someone would help us. We also pressed the button 2 times to get someone. The guy doing my oil-change was slow as molasses. Would literally saunter around, and not tell me what to do. Do I need to drive my car in? Do you need my keys? What different oil choices do I have? Had to ask it all. He just didn't care about being there.Overall we only shop there for the things we know we can get there cheaper, and only in the mornings.
3	The 3rd star is because they have EVERYTHING.  And you can't beat the prices.  And as far as crowded, budget conscious mega stores, this is definitely on the cleaner side, even with their current renovation project going on.The dark side...  it IS a very crowded mega store, especially at the later hours.  And as crowded as it gets from 9pm-1am, there's usually only 2 checkers, which makes for LONG lines.  If you can hit this place during a quieter time, earlier mornings or early evenings, then you can get what you need without breaking the bank.
1	You should do your best to avoid this Wal-Mart. When I moved here 7 years ago, I was told I should never go there. I thought he was over-exaggerating. He wasn't. You really should go here.The store itself is the dirtiest I've seen any Wal-Mart. Its age really shines through once you're able to compare it to a different location. This must have a detrimental affect on the employees, whose attitudes range from rude to complacent. Their personal appearance looks like they haven't showered in at least 2 days, or even own an iron. I'm really not nitpicky at all when it comes to mine or others' appearances, but when it looks like everyone just doesn't care at all, then the overall vibe becomes negative.This trait isn't unique to just the employees. I work late and used to frequent this Wal-Mart on my way home from work to pick up some groceries. I come there some time after 11 p.m. and there are always some odd looking individuals walking around there. I was told this was normal and that "the freaks come out at night." I really didn't care. They didn't bother me. I didn't bother them. It was "all good in the hood."(Literally, my co-workers always tell me I live in the hood.) Anyway, I had gone there recently at what most would consider "normal hours." I was scared. The parking lot was dark and I thought I was going to be robbed. Every person I saw in the store looked like they were about to come up to me and asked me for a dollar. I now avoid this place entirely. There is a much nicer Wal-Mart on the Loop 101 and Camelback. It's nice and clean and very much worth the drive(no matter how much a gallon of gas costs.)
3	It's a Walmart.  It has everything.  Was clean and nice as I recall.  Was in a giant strip mall with a ton of other places.  What, they think they are a KMart now or something?
1	I'm a Walmart fan and I can only say this, the main water fountains at this location was out for several weeks. It's not necessarily located in a savory part of town, but the prices were the same inside as they would be anywhere else so... They had some hard working employees also but avoid this one if you can.
1	The Place is first full of Ghettos. It's very Loud, unclean and humans there buy everything.I mean there are always empty Shelves. Never again.
