3	I have been to this location several times now and always find something I can use, yarn for making baby hats to donate, linens, clothes for my grandson, etc.  I'm always impressed with the quality of the clothing in particular.  They don't put worn or stained items on the racks, at least not where I've looked.  Everything is pretty organized by both size and color.  Check your receipt before you leave or ask the cashier to tell you the prices as she rings you up, tho.  I keep forgetting to do that and then when I go thru my purchases and compare them to the receipt I find I have been overcharged for items.  Like baby onsies are sposed to be 99cents but they charge me $2.99 each.  If they could only find a system for keeping the kids with their parents and not running amok dragging all the toys out in the way, losing pieces, opening bags, breaking items that came in in good condition.  The employees work hard to put out lots of good merchandise and keep it organized.  Why can't people respect that?
3	Since this store is in a shopping complex that can hardly be described as busy, shopping here is usually a quiet, uncrowded experience. Since the quality of the merchandise varies in the goodwill stores according to their location, in this particular area it is not surprising to see clothing and household goods here that are of a bit higher quality than in most Goodwill stores.
2	I've been coming here for a couple of years now and like a few others it has become a habit. I am NOT one of those freaks that comes here on Thursday and waits outside for the place to open so I can run in, grab a shopping cart and fill it with every single item that has a specific tag color and then makes the rest of the shoppers stand in line for eons while the cashier has to ring up their 100+ item purchase.WE come here looking for bargains, yes, but just a couple things here and there and often times the full price items.What don't they have?Well that really just depends on the day.  This place has darn near everything, including empty liquor bottles.  Why?!Yeah, even Goodwill has trash on the shelf for sale sometimes.Some things are priced fairly, and then there are things that are just outrageously priced.  You must be a good shopper to know if you're being ripped off.For example, I can get dog beds at Costco for less than $20 and they had the same one here, used/dirty, priced for $20.  Now tell me that's not ridiculous.I will suggest you not feel conned into giving any more of your money when the cashier asks you to make a donation. Do some research and you will see that Goodwill already makes a great profit and what they give to the community isn't nearly as much as those commercials say.
4	50% off sales every other Saturday. Gets a bit crowded during sales, but everything is reasonably priced and some things are pretty good quality. Get there when it opens if you want the best stuff as things move quickly!
4	Came in here after the angry crab to try and walk off my meal, it's always a treat to walk in and find treasures! Me and my daughter went straight for the book section! They had a sale for 50% off yellow tag items, so that was out target, find yellow tag books! Haha. We ended up getting a ton of Disney books for the kids and a handful of good books for mama! The hubby found a cute little figurine for out bookshelf and some CD's for a dollar each! The staff was friendly, no lines when checking out, and were very informative on future sales at different locations as well as theirs! Will definitely come back!
4	Have had nany friendly encounters with staff. It appears the book section keeps shrinking?Have purchased many different things at this location. Price depends on who is pricing and on the same visit can see two identical pieces with different prices. Pictures are higher priced than some other locations. I purchase the pictures as gifts for people's businesses. They appear to put considerable effort in keeping the store neat which is incredibly difficult
