4	We decided to try Taps for lunch yesterday as we wanted an outside lunch so what the heck right?  Glad we did, we enjoyed the patio/streetside seating in the sun.  Our waitress was not very good, but the food made up for it.  We look forward to coming back and trying it again!  They seem to have quite a menu and if you are a drinker a great selection to be found.Their menu can be viewed at: http://www.tapsbars.com/Menus.aspx
4	I am a happy hour hound and beer aficionado so my wife suggested we check out happy hour at Taps. I guessed from the name that beer was to be found on tap, and indeed there was.While the 12 beers change occasionally, the beers offered on tap today included Bud Light, Pyramid Apricot Ale, Sun Up IPA, a Belgian white beer, Stella, Guinness, and Harp. The other five I didn't recognize and were mostly local beers. We ordered the Pyramid and the Sun Up.We ordered the combination pizza that they call the "Deluxe Flatbread." It includes traditional combo toppings like pepperoni, sausage, bell pepper, red onion, and mushroom, but then they go and add bacon just for fun. The sauce on the menu is listed as "red sauce" but the flavor was delightfully different from traditional pizza sauces that favor oregano and bay leaves. The crust was flatbread. While I have no complaints about the taste or quality, I'm just not a fan of flatbread and wish they had an option for a more traditional crust. The shape is square and the size is equivalent to a  large round pizza, but the flatbread left my larger-than-average appetite wanting another slice or two (I'm a hungry fatty). If we order pizza next time we'll also get a salad or appetizer to make a meal out of it.I think the best part of Taps are the people who work there. Our waitress was very friendly and accommodating, lighting our candle and checking up on us regularly. She didn't try to convince us to order two entrees (like they do at CPK) or order too many beers. I think we may have run in to the owner on the way out who asked if everything was alright and thanked us for visiting.My complaints are minor; enough to knock off one star but not enough to keep us away. The silverware was cheap and I may have bent the fork while cutting one of the middle pizza squares (the ones without crust to hold). The leather couch area was comfortable, but the table was too low to put drinks on, so we moved to a table when our pizza arrived. I felt the prices were a bit high on the pizza, burgers, and sliders, while the sandwiches, sides, and non-happy hour beer prices were reasonable. Last, I know 9 out of 10 guys around here drink Bud Light exclusively but why waste one of the 12 taps on a crappy domestic when they could be pouring another local, Sierra Nevada, or something from New Belgium? Also, it would be nice if they posted the beer and wine menu on their website.Beyond the great people who work there, the other highlights for me were the location in Litchfield Park, the outdoor patio, the HD TVs, the emphasis on local beers on tap, and I'm looking forward to checking out the band who plays on Wednesday and Friday.We will definitely be visiting again. My wife would like to explore their wine menu and I'd like to try nine of the other beers on tap, their appetizers, sandwiches, salads, and wings.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by my visit to Taps.  We had arranged a small get together with some other yelpers to play some board games and the people at Taps were gracious and friendly.  I should also add that the place was empty when we got there though, so we weren't really inconveniencing them.Anyway, they're menu looks pretty interesting, and it has a decent enough variety to keep everyone happy.  I decided to go with the Barbecue Chicken Salad.  I am so glad that I decided to get that because it was so good!  Lots of lettuce, plenty of bacon, a heart portion of cheese, along with some other good mix-ins topped with a delicious barbecue ranch dressing made this one fantastic salad!  I would definitely order it again.  I also shared the turtle cheesecake with Ashley A. and we pretty much demolished it (it was more me than Ashley.)  If I were out in Litchfield again, I would definitely consider coming here.  It has a nice laid back atmosphere and the food was great and priced well.
2	Went to this place late night with a friend as it was the only place open in the area that was not reminiscent of a biker bar.We had:- Skillet queso dip- Bacon flatbread (pizza)- Cheese flatbread (pizza)It was greasy and gave us heartburn and indigestion.They gave us Seagrams when we asked for grey goose and the tab was $88 w/o tip.  For a beer, a grey goose and 3 apps that were horrible.I won't be back.
5	While at the Wigwam Resort, I was faced with a dilemma. I arrived to my room, ready to have room service bring me a burger and some suds. It was not to be, I had called at 10:05 and their room service closes at 10, according to the operator.She did, however, recommend Taps, which is right across the street, and I'm glad she did. As a new resident of the West Valley, I immediately found my home away from home. A slightly upscale (but not pretentious) atmosphere, great TV's for watching sports (I still have to watch my Colts play!) and delicious food, not to mention a great selection of local/micro brews on tap. Hence the name.About the food: the BBQ burger was amazing, just juicy enough, perfectly cooked, and with a great BBQ sauce and flavor. The only thing that bothered me was the size of the plate, it was longer than it was wide, similar to a sushi plate, and made it difficult not to make a mess, but I'm picking nits here. The baked Beer Wings were straight OUT OF THIS WORLD, if you love baked/seasoned wings, these are the BEST I've ever had. A foodgasm in every bite. I took a friend here and she raved about them, then ordered another plate. They were all gone in about 5 minutes.The service is excellent, Dave, Aaron, and Sean are all expert bartenders, and my glass was never empty. They were well-versed in the local brews they carried, and made excellent suggestions for pairings. This is the mark of a true "gastropub", which seems to be what they're going for. They had a band the last time I was there, which was really entertaining, but not so loud that you couldn't converse. Just the way I like it.In short, this place has it all... if you're in the area or staying at the Wigwam, check it out. 5 stars!
4	The wife and I have been going to this neighborhood place for awhile, and I'm just not getting to this review. Partly because I'm a little lazy these days...and partly because I wanted to keep this place a secret. It's located next to the "World Famous" Wigwag resort, so this little neighborhood spot is easily missed in the grandeur of the Wigwag. Here is the jist of it:* They don't have a very extensive wine list, and only a few craft beers on      the list...but nice selection of spirits.* The 'can't miss' items on the menu are:   - Tomato and Balsamic Bruccita - by and far the best thing they have.       During Happy Hour these little squares are dirt cheap. The tomato      taste very fresh and the mixture pops in your mouth (In a good way).   - Their wings: Yeah, I know...but they are air fried wings. Trust me.   - Flatbread Pizza: Cheap, filling, and wicked good.* They have Live music throughtout the week.. Good talent mixed with    good food in a locally owned atmosphere has always make me a    happy yelper.* We haven't taken advantage of the patio seating, but it looks really    inviting. Normally when we go, the place next door has a handful of    Vacationers outside smoking, and it's right next to the patio. All in all, this is a great low key place to go and just enjoy an evening. It'snot going to be a high dollar gourmet cusine some people are looking for, it's more American Bar Food elevated to a higher standard.  It's a great place for those locally to visit or if they are at the Wigwag and want to 'go local' for night.
3	We stopped in at this little bar to grab a cocktail and a snack after meandering about the Litchfield Art Fest. The little patio is perfect for people watching and seems very dog friendly. It seemed that several of the people around us knew each other and there was a sense of community at this little bar. This place has a surprisingly small beer list considering it is named "TAPS". The Chardonnay I ordered was good. My boyfriend ordered a couple of beers and we enjoyed their kettle chips. Our waitress was attentive and very chipper.
4	Always good food and great atmosphere no matter what night you go.
4	Isn't it nice to have a neighborhood place to come and relax, grab a bite and visit with friends.  Actually, that is the start of something great when you add good food and great service.  As usual, I like to hit these places up on a Friday when it should be busy to see how they work under the pressure of a large crowd.  I am glad I did. Last night, four of us headed over to check out TAPS.  I have been back in AZ since February and threatening to go here but have not done so until now.  Why did I wait?For starters, we were met at the table (self seating) by our waitress who got us started with water and a round of drinks.  She was pleasant, very friendly and efficient.  The beer selection is OK and they have a fulll bar so every one was taken care of. For food selection, just three of us ate, and one was just there to drink.  We ordered a Chicken Ranch House Salad which was more like a Cobb and exceptionally large.  Lots of great ingredients and more than filling.  Nice!  My other friend ordered an All American Cheese Burger and based on the fact that it was devoured, either the plate was defective or it was quite good....(check box number 2 below!!)  I love a great burger and will try that one next time I go back there.  I chose the 12 NY Hot Wings.....the come in a range of heat levels from 1 through 10.  Since I was not sure how "HOT" 10 might have been, I chose #6 as a nice spicy medium point.  Good choice!!  They were meaty and the heat level was hot but not too intense.  Next time I will try a level or two up from there!!  Served with Blue Cheese and Celery on the side they were the perfect meal.  If there is a down side to this place, its the music.  They have a live band called COPPER SKIES.  Their music was OK at best but nothing to write home about and WAY TOO LOUD for a venue that small.  We finally asked the waitress to have them tune it down a bit so we might have the chance to talk while having our meal. All in all it was a good first outing and we will certainly be back.  Whether you are local or a visitor saying a the WigWam Resort across the street, it a very nice place to be any night of the week!  Enjoy!!
1	Came for breakfast 09/30/11. We are pretty easy going, but this was the worst service ever. First off, the server did not want anyone there and was annoyed when we showed up. Coffee was horrible. We tried to order cinnamon rolls for kids off the menu. Didn't have them. Tried to order cereal... None. Mimosas were gross. I ordered the breakfast pizza and they forgot the eggs and tomatoes. Had to send it back. The bacon was burned. To top it off she screwed up the bill as well. No apologies or anything. Will never come back for bfast.
4	Purchased a Groupon for Taps and I'm glad I did. For 3 people, our bill came out to be just a little under 5.00. We enjoyed the cool weather and sat on the patio (they could use a bit more lighting for when it gets darker). We ordered the bruschetta appetizer which had a nice tang to it from the balsamic vinegarette and lots of fresh cut tomatoes. I really enjoyed it! For entrees, we had the BLT, Chicken Ranch Salad, and Mushroom Swiss Burger. All delicious and priced well. The BLT and burger came with seasoned fries. My chicken ranch salad came with a bbq ranch that was amazing! Will definitely be coming back here! Our waitress was friendly, but just know that it is self seating. We stood around for a minute or two before the waitress came out and told us to feel free to sit anywhere we like.
5	Went on a Sunday morning around 10, as Black Bear Diner was full with people waiting.  This place had good reviews on Yelp, and no wait!The waitress offered us coffee, so we took her up on her offer.  The coffee was awesome!I inquired about the biscuits and gravy, but the waitress said they were out of biscuits and of sausage.  Hubby & I both ordered the Southwest Omelette (black beans, corn, red & green bell peppers, onion, jalapeno and cheese) and added bacon to it.  I also ordered a side of gravy (hey, I judge biscuits & gravy by the gravy, too -- I wanted to try it!).The food came and it looked amazing.  There were several tater tots on the side, so we dipped these in the gravy -- YUMMM!  The omelette also came with sour cream, fresh-made pico and guac on the side.  It was smashing.  The omelette had cheese baked on top, it was soooo good.  We both were really delighted in the amount of food (which I couldn't finish) we received and the price.  We were out, with tip, under $20!Taps, we WILL be back for dinner!  I want to try that Blue Crab Pizza!!
1	I'd like to be able to say this was a bad dining experience, but we never able to dine!  The waitress saw us sit down, then NEVER came to our table!  We had to ask for a menu and then she proceeded to wait on 3 other tables that arrived after we did!  We were so disgusted we went next store and ate delicious Mexican food with outstanding service.
2	First stop in AZ on our way to Wigwam. Service was lax - seemed to be more concerned with getting ready for dinner. The cook would come out and sit at the bar when there were no orders to drink her soda. Food was ok - nothing to make you go back. Lots of tv's so we considered going back to catch a ball game.
4	New menu looks good, the new burger was great, I would prefer more options for a side other than chips, especially for $12.  The iced tea was horrible, need to keep it fresh, and NOT out of a fountain.   Nice beer choices and overall vibe of the place is good.  On a side note, I am glad to see them using pandora for the music, however, mix it up a tad or use a different channel.  I heard nothing but 3 Doors Down and Nickleback for a solid hour..
3	Dave is awesome! he makes sure you have exactly what you need, remembers your name and deserves a raise! The waitresses are rude and completely ignored us..walking by our table looking at us without saying a word (and this isn't a 1 time occurrence).  Other than that, the food is good, the atmosphere is fun and the drinks are strong.
5	Awesome employees, great drinks, Karaoke.. what more could you want. My husband and I were heading to Buffalo Wild Wings when we realized they were closed.. :( .. we yelped and found this place.. The kitchen was closed when we got there but the crowd and atmosphere of this place was so amazing we stayed all night till we closed the place down. Even got my husband to sing.. lol.. So laid back. A complete mixture of people and all were friendly and talkative. Havent felt so relaxed in a bar atmosphere in a long time. I hear the food is awesome here so I cant wait to get back and try it out! A+ to Taps.. I wish this bar was in Surprise. :)
3	I wasn't sure whether to go high or low based on my experience so it was middle ground all the way.  I ordered a vodka tonic.  Small or Large?  Large, of course.  It came out in a pint glass.  Not quite what I was expecting.  That being said, it tasted like it was just one shot in the huge glass...not good at proportions.  Our time there was fun, but it was the company; not the joint.  The blaring TV right over our booth didn't help with the ambience either :(
3	A beer pub that fakes at classy wine bar. Not too knowledgeable about the wine, good appetizers but SMALL portions.
4	Very nice experience.  We went there for lunch a couple of weeks ago - had the strawberry fields salad, beer chicken wings & the grilled cheese brucshetta - it was all awesome !  Very attentive wait staff.  One thing I have had to send back each time I've been there though is their ice tea - it's gross!  other than that I reccomend it
2	Kind of on the fence about this place....I like the atmosphere, and their beer is cold and well served...But the service is not always good.  I've found that the wait for them to take your credit card here is insanely long.Also I've tried their food, which I describe as okay.The pizza bites were fine, but they're something I could whip up in 10 minutes at home.Their wings are okay, but aren't quite as crisp as I'd like.  I understand that they're marinated and baked, but perhaps baking them a bit longer or flipping them more often would lead to a more uniform-crispness.  My order was soggy in several places.
3	This is the kind of place I'd want to stumble across if I were visiting this city. It feels like a local gem, with great atmosphere and a casual but warm-seeming crowd. The service was okay, The service is attentive and very personable.That said, those qualities are enough for me to overlook some not-as-stellar things. I didn't like the flavor combination of the tomato soup. There weren't any real overarching element to bring the ingredients together.I also tried the CRABbread pizza, and though the crust was amazing, the crab meat (and whatever other ingredients were on that pizza) were lost among a mass of very oily onions.The wine is very reasonably priced here....you can get bottles for $15.So if Taps, you can dial back the oil, and let your super fresh ingredients shine through more on their own, this would definitely be five stars in my book.
1	I was so looking forward to finding a decent local pub with great beer on tap.This is not the place.The service was so bad we left.We waited more than 15 minutes to be served a beer.Never happened.We asked to see the beer list ,they dont have one.We asked 2 young men standing behind the bar about a local beer they didnt know,and were informed  they were too young to drink beer.And found out they were the chiefs!!We went 2 doors down to get our beer.They have professional servers.
3	Dined at Taps on a Sunday afternoon around 2pm.  There were a few people sitting at the bar and 2 or 3 tables of couples sitting outside.  We were the only table inside.At first the waitress seemed pretty good.  We ordered 2 iced teas and juices for our kids.  Upon first sip of the iced tea we were instantly turned off....think "bitter beer face".  It was gross.  It was almost like it was an instant iced tea mix and NOT freshly brewed.  It was kind of cloudy too.  Yuck!  Saved some money and switched to waters.Husband and I shared their hot wings which were pretty good.  Not your standard hot wings.  Husband ordered the taco salad which he liked.  I got a salad with romaine hearts that was topped with chopped tomatoes, bacon and green onions and had a gorgonzola dressing on the side.  The presentation of my salad was impressive.  I did wish it would have had more of the tomatoes, bacon and green onions.  There was probably a max amount of 3TB total, divided equally on top of 3 large, vertically standing, cut romaine hearts.  Next time I'll be sure to add a protein to it.  Now, for the service.  I felt like we were there way too long for how not busy they were and for the amount of waiting we had to do.  Our waitress, altho very nice, was constantly on her cell phone (checking FB I assume?) and chatting with someone in the kitchen area ALL THE TIME.  Now, I wouldn't have quite minded that if we didn't have to wait a long time to say...get refills on our drinks....or get our check...etc.  As time went on and the more waiting we did I got increasingly irritated.  The last straw was when I paid, the waitress shorted me $0.57 change that was owed back to me.  I brought this up to her attention...mind you....waving at her from across the room didn't get her attention...I had to walk over to HER to address the issue.  What was her response to my saying, "I paid with a $20 and I was shorted $0.57"?  She said, "oh, I thought I put that in there".  Uh huh.  SURE.  Get your face out of your phone and pay attention to your job.  Gee, I thought I put your tip on the table *eye roll*.Overall, it's a nice little place.  I'd go back and make sure we had a different waitress to try out more foods.
4	My husband and I visited this quaint little place and we were very pleased with the service and food. The wings are excellent and the pizza is also very good. There were several people there when we arrived on a Sunday afternoon and even though the place was pretty packed, our server was pretty fast and attentive to our needs. I could tell she was in the weeds too and I wanted to get up and help her but she still managed to take really good care of us and we did not have to wait for refills and our food came out within about 10 minutes. It is really a place for people who drink alcohol and we do not drink alcohol but had a coupon so decided to try it on that premise. Even though it is more of a bar than a restaurant, we will return for lunch again in the future and if we ever take friends out who like to drink, we will choose this place for sure.
2	Oh my! I thought long and hard about not doing a review for this place but it just rubbed us the wrong way. Let me start out on a positive note, the Hispanic waitress was real personable and on top of her game. She stepped in for our waitress who seem to disappear or always be on her cell phone.The owner should see these reviews and revamp their cell phone policy. The decor was very nice and the place felt warm and inviting, when I walked in I wanted to give this place a great review that is until we actually ate. We ordered two sandwiches but wanted some wings to come out first. after about 25 minutes our sandwiches were ready and I overheard our waitress telling the cook (who was eating in the kitchen visibly)  that we were supposed to have wings first. Then she came to our table with a story about how they hadn't been prepped and would be another 8-10 minutes before they would be done. I was hungry and now had food and was curious to try them so I agreed that it would be okay. The story seemed made up on the fly but that's besides the point. It was over 15 minutes before we received the wings (not 8-10) and they were not cooked right at all, very squishy and gross. I'm never looking for anything for free but these late items usually save your company customers when comped and that wasn't even a thought. My sandwich was good but was over packed with ingredients and even though I originally turned away silverware, when I needed it our waitress was texting at the bar. My wife's sandwich was packed full of mayo, and pre made, not very appetizing. By that time we just wanted to leave, especially with the cook staff wheeling the trash through the restaurant and stopping to flirt with the texting waitress leaving the overflowing trash feet from our table. Nothing about our experience made us want to come back again except our fill in waitress who helped out in the beginning.On another positive note the bar tender seemed friendly and professional.
1	So it was late at night and I was hungry for a snack. I called them up and ordered a large sausage pizza.my first clue should've been when the person on the phone asked if they still had sausage. So I went over to pick up the pizza and have a drink or two while I waited. I wasn't there for five minutes and the waitress spilled three drinks all over me. I move to the other end of the bar as they didn't clean it up very good. After waiting an hour for the pizza I started to become irritated. When the pizza was finally brought out it wasn't a sausage pizza and looked like a small pepperoni pizza. He offered to put some sausage on it for me... no thanks, I think I have waited long enough...  I would've been better off grabbing a tombstone pizza and cooking it I won't be back.
4	Very clean, chill atmosphere.  Would have given it 5 star rating if it had a better selection of beer on hand.Cheers!
4	Great music and drinks!
5	I love love LOVE taps! This place is full of amazing staff, and the owners are awesome!! I've started coming here regularly after work for the past 4months and every time the experience is always the same; warm, friendly, and loads of fun. They have new affordable specials/drinks and entertainment for everyday of the week with a great crowd every time! I definitely recommend this place for any day of the week :)
4	Wow just came into town on business, what a great place! Modern, great music with an awesome atmosphere. Very interesting and friendly people here. I would definitely come back.
5	Absolutely delicious! I had the Taps Asada, very flavorful, my husband had the prime rib sandwich and enjoyed it very much. Service was good, attentive, informative, and very accommodating. Will definitely be back!
1	Got a groupon to try this place out... not impressed. Bad service - food was not great. Will not be back. To top it off, a 20% gratuity was added to our bill.
3	Go for the beer, they have a good selection. The food was mediocre. I ordered a sandwich, and was expecting a salad, or fries as a side, but was instead given lays potato chips. For $10, I'd expect something a little more than chips.
1	Decided to check out Taps for the first with my girlfriend. Immediately upon walking in it was extremely uncomfortable. Everybody stared as we walked in and there was no hostess and no seat your self sign posted.  Couldn't even tell who was an employee or a customer. Eventually receiving no service we walked back out. We will not be back.
3	so I go to the library near tap and around lunch time I decide to take my son and eat there. it was not a bad place, the server was really nice, we ordered a salad and I believe a flatbread pizza. honestly I didn't really like the pizza it was horrible I took it home to see if my husband would eat it and he usually eats everything but he hated it as well. that's when I know something is not good if my husband will not touch it either. I'm going to give it 3 stars because I may come down just to get drinks or something like that but definitely no pizza
2	My husband and I used to go to this bar regularly.  The last two visits have been a major disappointment. The service was horrible. Additionally,  I tried to food and drink, but was told they were out of some of the food items that I requested. Wow! They need a Bar Rescue.
3	Nice bar/restaurant with lots of space. The service was very friendly and had pretty good food. Nice place to hangout with some friends. The food didn't stand out, but pretty good for "bar food".
1	Valentine's Day. Came to this restaurant with girlfriend and friends. After a DJ playing all types of music, I decide to play $5 of music from the jukebox. After 2 songs, the volume level was noticeably turned down. I walk up to the owner, Peter Young drinking in the back of the bar, and ask him what gives. He says to me "you can't play that type of music in here." To add insult to injury,  he condescendingly peels off $10 and tells me "here's your money back and buy a shot on me." After spending $55 in his bar, the last thing I wanted was a shot. I asked simply for my money back. He doesn't take his money back and tells me if "I don't like it the get the F out." On Valentine's Day, in front of my friends. I walked out and that place will never get another cent from me.
1	Found out today the owner has banned me from going back because of the bad review. Free poker is played there but what a joke owner and bad business practices.
2	Believe the negative reviews. I came here after a round of golf, in order to have dinner and a few brews. The service wasn't terrible, it was non-existent. The waiter seemed to take an eternity to take our order. I ordered the Penne with Italian sausage, only to find out, they were out of sausage. The waiter suggested an alternative. I went ahead and ordered it. What I ended up with was penne with canned tomato sauce and what I swear was frozen meatballs. At $12...what a shame.As I'm done with my food and beer, I wasn't asked if I wanted anything else, my check was just dropped off. Service and food were bad, I will never return.
2	Sometimes they have a decent craft beer selection. I wouldn't drink anything else there. Soo, I sitting at the bar enjoying an Oskar blues ipa and watched  the bartender pour a Coors light for a customer. In the middle of the pour, the tap blew and without hesitation he poured it out and put in budlight instead... gave it to the customer like nothing ever happened.
1	Food and service are both pretty bad.  We have visited Taps a handful of times over the past 3 years, never really impressed but our visit yesterday was awful, and I was only there to pick up a to-go order.  We didn't even eat the food we got, it was so bad.
1	I came here with a friend for dinner.  The waitress seemed to be intoxicated and wasn't really paying attention.   We ordered drinks and that took about 30 minutes to get.  We asked for a menu when we first arrived and that didn't come out until about 45 minutes later.   She kept pushing the lasagna on us when we didn't want it.  I don't think I'll be returning anytime soon.  Not a good thing when there are other restaurants 2 steps away.
1	Used to be awesome but the new owner ruined this place. Servers are slow and clueless and the owner hangs out getting drunk with the weirdo regulars...or maybe those are his buddies. Its also not zoned for smoking but the owner ignores that. Stinky with scary cougars and pervs.
5	Love the selection of beers on draft and the food is to die for. Bruschetta is the way to go! Sever was happy and enjoyed her job. Will be coming back for sure!!
5	Came here with my wife for the first time today. We walked In ans were greated by the owner. He explained the craft beers, asked what we normally like. He then recommended a beer that was awsome! . We order bruschetta was out of this world. Sorry honey even better than yours. The balsamic vinegar they drizzle on it sets it off. I jad the prime dip. You can taste every Ingredient!  We will come back and bring friends.
1	Didn't even get to have a good beer here.  Waited to catch a bartender at the bar although there was a lot of activity by at least 3 different people(?) behind the bar until someone finally asked us what we wanted. This place wasn't even half full on a Friday night at 8pm?  When we finally ordered from the menu posted on the chalkboard "Voodoo" we were told they were out.  Well "Hello" when your're out don't you typically erase it off the chalkboard?! We ended up leaving disappointed with the service and availability of the posted drink menu.
1	Easily some of the worst service I've ever had. Over priced and overrated at even one star. Rude servers. Slow service. Food average at best. Beers ok if you can get any. Stay away. Lots of better options out there.
2	I visited this establishment last night with my brother and his wife. I started the night off with a double jack on the rocks which I was charged 10 dollars for. I went back to the bar for the same drink. This time I got a different bartender who charged me 13 dollars. At the time I didn't say anything in case the first bartender hooked it up. Instead I waited for the server and asked him the price of a double jack. When he came back he told me it was 9.50. Basically watch the prices as there is one bartender who is obviously over charging and pocketing the rest. Aside from this discrepancy I did enjoy my time and like the bar. Because it's a nice place I want to rate it higher but this one bartenders practices is not acceptable.
1	Be prepared for terrible service and a rough clientele. An older man took a swing at another guy and was put in a headlock and taken outside. There's a reason they have a bouncer at this bar. Weird vibe for being so close to the wigwam. It's a neat building, but below average food and service. Too bad. Such a great location.
