4	Review for Stay on December 26, 2010So... my family and I were stranded in Charlotte due to weather and US Airways having no available flights to re-book us on....(which is a whole other blog.)Luckily, we were able to get a room at this Hampton Inn as a lot of places were full.They had / have a shuttle to/from the airport... but it was so busy that it was faster/easier to take a taxi.We showed up to the lobby..... weary, stressed and hungry at 11pm on the 26th... the night manager hooked us up with a room in just minutes... and then we grabbed some TV dinners which were available in the little shop area they have.  Thank God for that because we were super hungry and tired after our crazy travel day.  She told us that breakfast would be available at 6am but we told her we would need to leave to the airport no later than 5:45am...in order to try to get a flight home... so she said she'd make a pot of coffee early for us.  And then she explained that we'd need to have a taxi take us to the airport b/cuz their shuttle service didn't start til 7am.  So, she booked a taxi for us too.When we got downstairs at 5:45am the next morning..... we found that she had pre-packed a bunch of To Go breakfast bags with a muffin, fruit, water, granola bar and mints.  This was so great!So...in the midst of our harried travel.... we found a bit of peace at Hampton Inn.
4	Yet, another great Hampton! My wife, son, mother and I stayed at this hotel en route from Northwestern PA to Northeast FL. The rates were ridiculously low and the rooms were very spacious, and included a whirlpool tub. The only downer was that our room had the slightest hint of smokiness...not enough to be a big deal, but you could tell it was a smoking room a long time ago. I would stay here again!
5	Great hotel!! Stayed for 1 night, extremely clean and comfy, great front desk staff. Will stay here again
4	The rooms are nice, clean and has a comforting color scheme. Views are pretty and serene. The breakfast is not the usual Hampton In  breakfast with eggs and sausage, it is all high carb or a microwave option. I prefer already prepared and not out of a bag. The waffles are delicious.
5	My wife and I needed a place to stay on our way to Florida. After doing some calling around we settled on the Hampton Inn and suites. Because we have a small family we enjoy staying in suites so that the kids can stay in one room, sleeping, while my wife and I can stay up a little later and not have to worry about going to bed when the kids do. When we arrived, the hotel was incredibly clean and the staff incredibly friendly. Upon entering our room, we were pleasantly surprised by the size. It had a well appointed kitchen,  which even included an apartment size fridge so that we could keep all of our water bottles standing up, rather than lying on the side like you would have to with the bar fridge.Since we were only staying the night we did not get a chance to utilize the properties other features like the pool or the weight room, but we were so impressed with the property that we wish we were staying for more than one night.On our way back home, we wanted to stay at the same property but sadly they were full and couldn't take a reservation. Next year when my family goes back to Florida to visit, we will definitely be staying at this hotelWhat a great experience. We could not recommend it highly enough.
