3	Expensive gas, 20 cents higher than the ARCO I usually go to.  Nice store inside, reasonable coffee, $1.39/24 oz cup.  The clerk was nice, too.  And they have a Blockbuster Express box for DVDs and returns, the real reason I was there.  But I got some coffee as long as I was in there, to reheat in my motel tomorrow.  They have a ton of candies, donuts, snacks and desserts but I resisted.  Lots of drinks too, like most minimarts, self-serve and other.  I didn't think to ck if they had beer and for what price.  Next time.
1	Whoa, way to treat your customers, Dude.  I complimented your store and commented your gas price was 20 cents higher than what I was paying at ARCO so you direct profanity at me?  I guess I won't be patronizing you after all when I make future trips there.  And will advocate my daughter who lives in Mesa refrain from using your establishment.  You need to take a class in Basic PR 101.If you look at my Quick Tips for both stations you will see I paid $2.63 at the ARCO when your price was $2.83.  How is that not 20 cents difference?And as far as being stupid, I'm not the one who gave my own business a one star rating.  Hahahaha!  I quote your response to my review since I'm sure Yelp will probably be removing it.  Did you read the Yelp TOS before posting it?  Methinks not.To summarize. I do not recommend this establishment if they verbally insult their customers, either in person or in writing.*************02tony r.Mesa, AZ Compliment Send Message Follow This Reviewer     3/27/2011Out prices are not 20 cents higher than ARCO. You are a stupid bitch.Was this review ?UsefulFunny(2)Cool
5	Going into any Quiktrip is a treat. This one was no exception today when I stopped to get gas before heading out of town. The bathrooms were clean, the soda area was neat and the cashier checked everyone out with an incredible speed.Why can't every gas station be like Quiktrip?
4	Another clean classy gas joint. Still skeptical about the gas.
5	Yay QT! Best gas station eva!!!
5	Go QuikTrip!Try The Freaking Egg Rolls. Amazing.
5	QT has some of the most high quality gas around, and there are always open pumps. The selection of snacks inside is very good. The only thing I wish they hadn't done is replace the frozen vanilla drink with horchata. But them adding the cafe makes up for it.
