4	I feel so lucky to have this amazing little shop only a few feet from my flat, it may be small but they manage to pack a lot in. They have a fantastic range of fruit and veg: I recently bought some plums that were the tastiest I've had in years, and they have fresh medjool dates (officially the best cinema snack after popcorn). The chiller has everything you need to create the perfect antipasti (salami's, various different kinds of olives, sundried tomatoes) and they have things like Jordan Valley dips and Delphi salads. There's even a freezer with Ben and Jerry's, Haagen Daaz and Cream of Galloway icecream. It doesn't sell booze, but it's got more than one kind of ginger beer. I couldn't ask for much more from a local, independent shop.
4	The first thing that attracted me to this place was the vibrant colours of the fresh fruit, I was drawn like a bee to a flower (and nearly died in traffic too).It's great when you discover something new, and all the hundreds of times I've been in this area I've never noticed this place. It's a shame about the location, without the baskets of fruit outside you might walk on past.I'm not going to say a word about the produce, the picture I took speaks volumes. All I will say is that your saving at least 10p a piece on each item compared to supermarkets, which will all add up at the counter.
4	When you visit this shop to avoid being clouded in your opinions by any misleading first impressions you should treat the baskets out front for what they really are and that is a reduced section.  Some of the items out here are past their best, although the prices generally compensate for this and only good for jams or being cooked so expect this, but don't judge the whole shop by it and do head on rather than dismissing the shop as a low quality shop that's out to con you of your money.The shop itself is a bit of a cross between a grocers and a corner shop which makes it a very useful shop to visit as you are passing to pick up a drink, newspaper and maybe a few fresh fruits or vegetables for that days dinner.  This really is the only way you can pick up fresh food without it going off as unless it's been treated it doesn't last a week very long.  The prices here are reasonable and the range of good on offer is very good so the shop does serve its local area and especially passers by very well.
5	London Street Grocery is a newsagents and grocers that really manages to hit both marks. I've complained several times about all newsagents being identical. Well London Street Grocers has its own atmosphere.This used to be my local shop. If I didn't have to do a big shop (at the nearby supermarkets) I would pop in here and get the essentials. They really do offer a great a range of fresh fruit and veg, and cheaper than supermarkets too. Frequently before big film nights I would drop by to get snacks, of which there always seemed to be something I wanted.The other nice thing about London Street Grocery is their surprising magazine collection. Apart from the usual "women's" 10p 'My husband gave birth to a ghost' titles and lad mags, they also stock more sophisticated titles like 'Wired' and current affairs journals.Staff are friendly too and prices across the range of stock remain competitive.
