5	Here's how the Phoenix Neutrino Project works.  Every third Saturday, the troupe gets together at Space 55 in downtown Phoenix.  People from the audience give them props, and they are sent out into the city with one video camera.  Two people are the actors, one is the videographer, and one is the 'runner'.  The runner is key, and I'll explain why in a sec.This is a live movie, all improv.  These actors are not given a script.  All they have to guide them is a prop.  Anyone who has done improv knows how hard it is.  Anyone who has seen Curb Your Enthusiasm knows how brilliant it can be.  While we're getting the lowdown of how things work from Team 3, Teams 1 and 2 have left to begin their improv adventure.  Finally, Team 3 is on their way.  Now the fun begins.After watching a few PSAs and previews (for more local improv shows), the movie begins.  Now, the editing is being done on the spot, too.  There are two guys in the back with a slew of electronic equipment.  They are in charge of editing the footage, putting it together, and adding a soundtrack.And let me tell you, they are wizards.The movie is put together, scene by scene, as runners from each team come back with more tapes.  Anyone who is familiar with improv acting knows that sometimes it works, and sometimes it doesn't.  When it works, it's effing hilarious.  Even when it doesn't, it's pretty damn entertaining too.I have to give kudos to these guys for putting themselves out on a limb every month.  This is a cool, unique Phoenix event.  Do something different next month and check it out.  I think I'll be there - with a prop this time.**This month's show on Sept. 20th, starts at 10p, not 8p!**
5	PNP is just about the coolest thing you can do with your discretionary income.  I have never enjoyed myself so much!
5	We went to check out PNP for their 2 Year Anniversary show and were extremely impressed!  Space 55 is the most charming space that I never would've known existed had it not been for this show being promoted on Yelp!  The actors were amazing and we really were in awe the entire time we watched this 30 minute film being created right in front of us!  I'd heard of Comedy Improv, but Movie Improv?  I had no clue... Special shout outs to Mark J and Jenn H (our very own Phoenix yelpers) who did an incredible job on Saturday night.  Congrats again, PNP, on your 2 year anniversary!  I look forward to attending future performances for sure!
5	If you haven't seen the Phoenix Neutrino Project yet, you're a stupid person. The Neutrino Project is an improvised movie created by three troupes of improvisors right there in front of the audience. I could get into the details of how they do it, but I'd much rather just encourage you to go see it yourself. It's never the same, it's always entertaining, and it's honestly one of the most unique artistic experiences you'll ever be a part of. And if the show itself isn't enough, hang around afterward. The cast  is always lingering outside after each performance (usually slurping up a few beers), and they're very approachable and easy to interact with. If you ask one of them which one "likes melons" you'll have a new group of friends for life.Anyway, if you get a chance, there's a show once a month at Space 55 in downtown Phoenix (7th street and Pierce). You should really check it out...I mean, you don't want to walk around your whole life being stupid.
5	I heart the Phoenix Neutrino Project. I think I go so often I should have a lifetime free membership. Seriously. You all thought I was joking, but I wasn't. Someone should work on that. Think of it this way. It's improv *and* a movie. The crowd gets involved by donating props that have to be woven into the storyline. Three groups each get a prop and go off on their own to film short segments of a story. They are then ran back to the viewing location where they are edited and all merged together.The cast is always awesome and the crowd has a chance to be actively involved. It's only $5 and well worth it. You have to go once, and I guarantee you will want to go again and again.
