4	OOOOH!!! Excited Vicky!! Diesel outlet!!! Unexcited Vicky. Trying on jeans in a store where the AC isn't working in the Vegas summer is pure hell... I didn't walk out with any good finds... *longing look * will come back in the near future...
4	Hit the jackpot here in early December 2008. Didn't expect awesome sales pre-Christmas, but my boyfriend and I both walked out with a huge couple of bags. Awesome jeans, spring styles we had seen in our hometown (but were not in our size or were sold out) and a few other surprises. All 40% off, too?The service was good, with clerks looking in the back for other sizes and offering opinions on certain items. One of the clerks said she had gotten in trouble for not applying the full discounts the day previous, so we checked our receipt for proper prices before we left, recommend you do too.  I didn't expect it to be so great, but my boyfriend already wants to return on our next trip. I have a feeling it was just a fluke we got such a good deal, but I'm willing to go look again.
4	If you're one of those people that NEED the latest trend in jeans (last I checked high quality denim is high quality denim) then this probably isn't the store for you, but if you're looking for a pair of Diesel jeans for ~1/3 the price of Nordstrom then you might want to check this place out.  Great quality products, helpful sales people, and I'm quite okay with the lack of "skinny" jeans that I heard another customer lamenting about - they're ridiculous looking unless you're capable of pairing them with a guitar, heroin-chic figure, or Mic Jagger rockstar attitude.
1	I attempted to EXCHANGE a pair of jeans that I wasn't happy with and just needed a different pair.  Tags on, never worn, brand new jeans.  I live out of state so it had been a couple months since I'd bought them, but not an unreasonable amount of time as they still carry and sell the exact pair.  Sizing was right, just needed a style that wasn't so 1990s baggy.  The workers refused to help me at all and would not let me exchange them.  Not only that, but they had major attitude and were very rude and unhelpful.  So I spent $175 on a pair of jeans that I won't wear and now I'm stuck with them.  I can't believe how ridiculous this store is.  I will NEVER buy another item at this store or any other Diesel store again because of this.  I am appalled that customer service has become a thing of the past.  Terrible!
