4	I went here a couple times, as has my sister, and I totally would recommend this to anyone. It's pretty nice inside, cute design, and I think just about every time both of us had our hair done by Sylvia. She does a great job! We have long hair so its scary sometimes if someone doesnt listen to exactly what you want, but she does, so I'll keep coming in!
4	Was looking for a place to get my hair cut, colored and styled. With just moving to Arizona I have been to several places in the Mesa area and just have not been able to find my home salon. Saw Divine while looking the reviews on yelp. There was only one review but it was 4 stars and sounded local. Called in 950 on a Sunday and was able to get in later that day. It is a cute little place could see me getting to know everyone there on a first name basis. Kristina was who was going to cut my hair, was very nice from the get go and wanted to get me going. She gave some suggestions but definitely made sure that I had full control over what my haircut was going to look like, asking questions along the way. It was nice to know that she wanted it to look how I pictured it and not how she imagines it.During the drying of my hair she was nice and offered my again water or coffee while i waited. She sat and chit chatted with me under the dryer so I was fully entertained. Then while washing my hair she waxed my eyebrows and did a great job. i normally don't do stuff like that but she was making the experience very fun and wanted to make me feel pretty by the time I left her chair.When she was done i just loved the color! Not to mention the cut was perfect, she added some extra layers that just look amazing.I am definitely calling this my home salon for the time being. Thanks for such a great experience see you in 10 weeks!
5	If you want a great Hair Style & a Color this is the place! I have been looking for a place that can do both & I've finally found it! The girls are really nice too so that's a real plus!  They so nails too but I didn't have the pleasure so I can't comment on that but my stylist, Kristin,  said she's booked out way in advance.
5	Monica is hands down the best colorist in the world. I come here from Sacramento to have Monica do my hair. If you need blonde highlights call and make your appointment with Monica. If you want permanent make up Monica is your girl. I have eyeliner and brows and absolutely love love love them. I have seen others and Monica is by far the best at permanent make up. Check it out yourself, you wont be sorry.LI
1	Awful. Terrible. Horrible. My hair was ruined. DO NOT GO HERE. Went in for a trim...one inch...soooooo hard to mess up...yet it was accomplished. MCKENZIE ruined my hair. She cut "layers" 2 inches from my scalp. My hair is LONG. How did this happen???? Didn't tell me and styled it to cover it. THIS WILL TAKE YEARS TO GROW BACK. Save yourself. DoNotEverGoHereThere is NOTHING that can be done to fix it. Not worth a star. I am literally sick over this and have not stopped crying yet.
5	I am super happy with Mckinzie as my stylist. She has been doing my highlights and trimming my hair for quite some time. I get compliments from all my family and friends. She does an an excellent job. I tried going else where to get a trim in June......and was ever sorry! Won't do that again!
1	I am so upset, I am a college student and I spent my hard-earned money on a whack-job haircut here today. I have had the worst cuts and colors from this place in the past. I have had globs of hair dye left behind my ear, highlights that bled onto my hair, etc. I keep going back to save money, but I have learned my lesson now.I went in today to get my hair cut with bangs. I told her I ABSOLUTELY DID NOT want the bangs to be blunt.Well, I now have blunt bangs.I wanted to even out my hair (I previously had an A-line haircut that had grown out) and so she cut the ends straight across above my shoulders so it lays on my head like a triangle. No technique used or anything. I didn't think there was a problem yet because she hadn't dried it, but by the time I got home I noticed how shitty of a job she really did. I have pieces (about a centimeter thick each) all over my head that are just randomly chopped. Just random. Not even symmetrical to the other side. I feel like I was a guinea pig for a first-time beauty school student. I am so upset.Not to mention the unprofessional nature of the place. Just scattered and unprofessional. There are certain ladies that work there that I have had pleasant experiences with in the past 4 years of spontaneous trips there, but most of the time I leave wishing I would have gone to an Aveda salon or Toni&Guy like I sometimes do, and I suggest you do!
5	Awesome haircut!!! We tried it out after using a Groupon and we were pleasantly surprised!!!!!  Julie did a great job!!! Thank you!!!!
1	My hair still looks awful thanks to the butcher McKenzie. The owner did NOT handle the situation well when I went into the "salon" (aka, ghetto strip mall location, do not be fooled by the pictures). She just kept telling me she couldn't make my hair grow back...obviously. Please save yourself and learn from my mistake.This place should be ashamed to call themselves a business. Look at my pictures of the hack job and see for yourself.  Somehow they got the LEGITIMATE picture I posted removed from their page...a shame really because I'm sure it'll happen again.
5	I found a groupon for this business and thought I would try it out. I have been searching for a good salon since moving here two years ago. I finally found one. McKenzie cut and styled my hair. I have fine, naturally curly hair. Usually when I have it styled it is either to flat or to puffy. McKenzie did a beautiful job. The cut was perfect as well.
4	I've been looking and looking for a hair stylist who can cut an awesome a-line stacked bob.  I think I may have found her. :)  Shari did a fabulous job.  She was extremely efficient and professional.  Prior to washing my hair, we had a consultation, and she was very thorough.  The receptionist was also very helpful.  She managed to get me in on the same day.  Cut and style was $35, which is typical.  I wouldn't compare this salon to some of the ritzier ones in Scottsdale.  If you're looking for something super fancy where you're served drinks and the waiting room feels more like a lounge, this probably won't be your place.  But the salon is clean, the staff is attentive, and if my 2nd visit with Shari is just as successful, I may finally be able to end my search. :)
4	I bought a Groupon for a hair cut and partial highlights. Great deal and I love new hair. Kayla did a great job and she was really easy to talk to. The only disappointment was the temperature in the salon. It was pretty hot and I was in the chair closest to the front.
3	Saw a Groupon for this place and it was $39.99 for Cut, Color and Deep condition. So I said why not.Monica did my hair, she seemed nice but didn't really talk to me but I didn't mind since she seemed really focused on doing my hair. The cut came out okay I took off 12 inches and was a little sad to see it go but I needed the change. The only reason I'm giving this place 3 stars is I wish she was more engaging to make me want to come back to her next time. Needless to say still in search for a go to hair gal.
1	Called for a hair cut but changed my mind after I saw their special for $49  introductory custom facial posted on their website and throughout the entire salon.  Facial was nice but after it was fiinshed and came time to pay I was charged $70. I asked both the receptionist and the esthetician why I was being charged that rate,  their only rebuttle "it's a different type of facial" and proceeded to charge me $70. I will NOT be returning.I am completely upset with their misleading advertising and the fact they weren't forthcoming with their pricing before service.
5	Tamara has been doing my hair for years and would not go anywhere else. I have always left with something new that I love and always getting complements on my hair. The atmosphere is great and relaxing.
4	I went in today to use a Groupon I bought. It was $45 for partial, cut and style. The lady I typically go to (at another salon) is fabulous, but she's getting to pricey so I figured I'd try something new, and cheaper! Pros:Lisa was terrific! She did a good job and I'm happy with my service. I'd recommend her!Took about 2.5 hours from start to finish. Decent time.They are a full service salon. They do nails, facials, waxing, etc!She said the men's haircuts were only like $15. I might have my husband come here because great clips can't seem to get a fade right.I was able to get in the very next day after I called.They gave me a cute welcome packet with coupons for later services.Cons: I'm used to the other salon that uses organic products, so the smell of my hair is less than desirable (there's no smell with organic).The salon is older and a little small. Your discussion will be heard by everyone in the salon pretty much.Without the groupon, I'm not sure if it's really a cheaper option for me. But it's another great place to go.
5	I went in today for a cut and color. Ayn (short blonde hair with blue highlights) was my stylist. She was so cute and had a very calm nature to her. She did a consultation to find out about my hair and what I like/dislike. She was great about conversation, she was curious and asked a lot of questions but wasn't overwhelming. She really took charge and helped me pick a color that would look great. When the processing was over we started the cut but the roots just weren't exactly where she wanted them to be. She asked me if she could re-do them and got her boss (I believe Tamara) to come and take a look, this was so awesome that I didn't even have to say anything. After the roots processed again she finished up the cut (which at first I was nervous about the amount and then I felt so good getting rid of the weight) I felt like I barley had to tell her what I wanted and she again took charge. She seemed confident which I loved. My only complaint was the style, she blow dried it beautifully but I wear my hair straight and it was hard to see what it looks like on me. I wouldn't have felt awkward asking her to flat iron it, I just didn't feel it necessary since I was going straight home. I will be back and I'll be bringing my husband too. Thanks!
5	I found a Groupon for this salon for a color, cut, and style.  I brought in a picture of what I wanted and Kayla explained what she would have to do to achieve the particular color.  I have brought the same picture to other stylists and they just throw highlights in my hair and call it a day.  (Which would end up looking nothing like the picture.)  Kayla explained that I actually needed to color in between the highlights in order to achieve the look I wanted.  This is the first time any stylist has ever bothered to try matching the picture.  I am so happy with the results and the color is very similar to the picture and looks amazing!
1	I found this place on Groupon and decided to try them after reading Yelp reviews that seemed good ..... So I contacted them directly and made an appointment. My stylist was nice and friendly -My overall haircut was just ok - but my partial highlights turned out bad...... The stylist gave me a dry haircut ( no water at all) which I wasn't used to as I normally pay for stylists to wash / color and then cut .....( the stylist mentioned she worked at a place like Fantastic SAMs for a long time which I've heard is known for dry haircuts- which kind of explains her techniques) ...... I actually do not prefer dry haircuts now that I've experienced itMy partial highlights are not at all what I wanted nor does it look professionally done - the lighting in the salon is dark and not well lit so I didn't notice the uneven tones until I got home...... The top of my head ( crown to ears) is a lot lighter than the rest of my head! :0(I originally brought in pictures of what I wanted and was very adamant that I did not want blonde / gold/ too light of highlights on my dark hair - so she started the nearly 3 hour process and I noticed did not tightly wrap the foils..... Put me under the dryer where I was freaking out because my highlights seemed to be turning gold/ orange ---after washing the highlights were not looking good so I had the stylist tone my hair down ...she mentioned the color was close to what we chose but I disagree- especially since the top of my head to my ears looked soooo much lighter than the rest of my head........anyway they were closing, I was the only person in the salon so finally she just blowdryed by hair and I payed and left...... I tried to play confident this week but the extremely orange- gold top part of my head up to my ears is tooooo noticeable and has my husband, friends, and even co- workers telling me that my hair looks bad----finally I had to spend more money going to another salon to fix my hair because it just looks noticeably ruined- the new stylist informed me that the foils were in fact improperly wrapped which caused the top to turn faster than the rest....... I am so sad and will not be back nor recommending this place ---especially after my peers have seen the work first hand.
1	No no no no no! . It should not take an hour and a half for a basic haircut and style. Second I shouldn't leave so covered in hair I have to go home and change my clothes. The haircut was mediocre. The salon although busy with a very dirty. It was to say I will not be returning.
5	I found divine hair salon in November of last year through yelp and I got an amazing stylist McKenzie! She took amazing time and care with my hair!! I had been using  non ammonia box products because I was told while pregnant to not use ammonia base, well all in all me not being a professional messed up my hair, and went completely black. Although it didn't look terrible I decided I wanted to go lighter and McKenzie took on my challenge very confidently knowing she would achieve my goal and that she did and I couldn't be more happier with my results!! I get raves about my hair all the time and I will definitely be a forever loyal customer of hers! So thank you McKenzie and I can't wait until my next appointment!!
5	Ive been coming to this salon for years! I really like how i can not be sure of what i want as far as color or cut and the hair dressers are always great with the new styles that are out and colors.
1	I have been going to this salon for over 3 years.  Me and my daughter both.  I recently decided to do a whole make over and wanted to get possibly some highlights.  Think was my hair was red so that needed to change first.  When I first explained to Tamara what I wanted she informed me what needed to be done.  Well started with a color remover then the stylist proceeded to place another color on top of just removing my old color.  Ok not sure why but ok lets go with it and see what happens, right! Well when I was done still a little dark but no big deal can still work to lighten it.  Well when I came in the next time Tamara the owner just wanted to proceed with putting the highlights on but my hair at this point was at a fragile state.  However because she does hair and I do not I went with it.  However my stylist suggest otherwise explaining that I would totally damage my hair if I did that, my highlights would not be the color I want and I would do more bad than good.  Asked her that to do she recommend a bleach wash which I did.  That worked great, my hair was starting to get lighter and change I could so see it.  Well when I left that day I could tell the owner was not very happy with the stylist changing the hair design.  Turns out that stylist no longer works there after this incident.  Which I find very odd and definitely questionable.  When I received the call that the stylist was no longer there I asked if it had anything to do with me, I was assured that was not why.  Well make me wonder since I had been going there so long that when I came back in I was given the cold shoulder and the entire visit was different.  I don't know about most people but I was someone who will do my hair to the best of their ability and with some honest work ethics not just because someone told them to do it that way.  I will not be going back to this salon.  I loved my stylist but guess I will find a new place to go to.
5	My second trip to Divine Hair Design. I had a good first experience over a year ago. This time I had McKenna & SHE ROCKS!! Loved her personality and the fabulous thing she did with my "must have no maintenance" hair. What McKenna transformed my flat unruly mop of hair into was PHENOMENAL! I will definitely be going back to McKenna so she can continue to work magic. I'm loving my new easy hair style.
5	Oh my goodness...This place ROCKS! The stylists at Divine Hair Design are friendly, professional and lots of fun. They are constantly going to training at hair shows and definitely keep up with current trends.I've been loyal to Tamara, who happens to be the owner, for about 15 years now. Even when I lived out of state for 4 years, I'd always go see Tamara when I was in town to visit...I really missed her! She always does an awesome job with my short hair. I sit down in her chair and trust whatever she wants to try. I get so many complements on my cut and color all the time that I carry her cards with me to pass out.If you are looking for a new shop, I'd highly recommend you visit Divine Hair Design. You won't be sorry!
5	I found a Groupon deal for a cut,  style and partial highlights.  After printing out my voucher I called to make an apt. And was put on hold for 8 min.  I thought "oh no were off to a bad start". I hung up and redialed. The gal answered and made my apt for 6pm same day (Thursday). Upon arrival I was handed a clip board to fill out customer info and then taken back.  This was an apt for my daughter.We had the pleasure of receiving care from Anna. She is wonderful.  Made my daughter feel comfortable.  My daughter got layers back and sides and a swept bang plus an all over color to cover a boxed dye that didn't work so well.  The color is a moroonish Brown.  Very pretty.  Anna did a fab job.  What also impressed me is that Anna didn't scold, put down or make fun of her for using a boxed color.  Anna nicely talked to us both about what our options are. I also noticed the owner taking with a girl who was nearly in tears bc of the color job on her hair (she came in to have it fixed) the owner talked with her,  going into great detail of her options and explain why.  She was professional and polite the whole time. Upon check out they did not try to be sell me products which I appreciate. My groupon covered the whole cost.  I expected to pay extra and was pleasantly surprised that I didn't.  I tipped generously. I was given a thank you card with three coupons. Nice touch.Im a huge fan now and have our go to salon.
5	I just moved here from California, so I wasn't sure where to get my hair done. I found a Groupon that was $25 for a cut, style, and deep conditioning treatment. I called and made an appointment for the next day. I came in and they were very accommodating which was refreshing. They had me fill out a sheet stating basically what was up with my hair. Anna was my hair dresser and she was lovely. She was very nice and she listened to all of my wants and concerns. My hair was very long and quite damaged and I wanted it shortened so it would be healthier and I wanted to add layers for volume. She did a great job cutting my hair and she styled it very nicely. My hair is much healthier, softer and it looks a lot nicer due to the cut. I had a very good experience and I recommend checking out the salon and asking for Anna. I only had $12 in cash but I wish I could of tipped her more.
5	Awesome customer service. If they have a Groupon go ahead and snag it. I'd totally pay full price to come back. Plus, you get a few coupons after your 1st visit. Took my fiance to get his hair cut, too, and the gal did a great job. Ask for Nesa or Ann.
