2	I stumbled upon this place when it first opened up in Dec. 2008, then I tried to come here again. -- decor -- decent, chic-- convenience -- I don't see how anyone can find it, given that you'd have to walk a really long distance from the Palm casino to get here, plus, other than the ppl who stay here in at "Palms Place", almost nobody knows about this lounge. -- deserted the nights I visited, but it's cool if you are into the privacy.
4	This was one the stars of our stay at the Palms Place.I have always liked the Lounge-Bar concept: comfortable couches, minimal decor, in a dark color setting with metal colors and nice house chill music.  I don't need anything else. And It seems like the people who envisioned this place did a good job, because i didn't feel like going anywhere else. As i walked by the absurd lines to get into Rain or Ghostbar...it felt good to know that there was this little place called Rojo Lounge waiting for me, where a fun and good looking bartender was about to serve me a drink in less than 5 minutes while i sat at the bar and enjoyed my boyfriend...  all that immediately after a high class hooker with bad ass tattoos lit up my cigarette...Its Vegas after all.
3	I stayed at Palms Place for my birthday so why not try the in house bar/lounge...I liked it. Especially since 4 complimentary drinks were part of my hotel package.Putting that aside. The bartender was nice and attentive. He helped us and made sure we ordered good drinks. When my friend did not like her drink he even made her a new one. Classy.Its mostly people staying at the hotel who come here and that was fine with me.In house DJ when I was there Friday and Saturday and he spun some cool tunes as we pre-partied our little hearts out.
3	Not bad but nothing special. it is just in the lobby of the Palms place hotel. Decent size and simple. A little over priced by I guess everything is in Vegas.
4	Every time I am here, I wonder why this place isn't more crowded. It is quite possibly the best lobby bar in Vegas. It is modern and hip, small and sleek, cool without being pretentious. And it has a fantastic cocktail list. My favorite is the Mandarin Mojave. It is an excellent mix of sweet (mandarin) and spicy (jalapenos). And the staff are always friendly. This is the perfect spot to hit as your first and last stop when heading out to the Palms for dinner, a show, or whatever.
4	Rojo Lounge in the Lobby of Palms PlaceLV: StripThursday April 22, 20114 StarsSleek Stylish Bar with a Friendly Bartender.French Quarter. Well Balanced and Very Aromatic in the Snifter Glass.Sweet Ginger - A Little Sweet but a nice ginger flavor.
4	Nice place.  Got here during happy hour. Signature cocktail only $7.Would come back for sure. This is located right past the main entrance to the lobby of the palms Place. Nice and friendly bartenders and the decor is real nice. Will be back to this bar again.
1	They don't take the drink coupons for the palms even though they are 40 feet from the registration desk.  This makes it pointless to go here b/c you are located so far from the casino. Go somewhere else.
4	Happy hour 5-8,  comfortable vibe, good music, Danielle will take great care of you!
5	Awesome drinks! You must try the Yellow Jacket, it was my personal favorite! The bartender Emily is great, very friendly and fun to chat with! She made our drinks just perfectly, and we tried nearly half of their specialty drinks. Highly recommended, especially if you are staying at Palms or Palms Place.
2	We stayed at the Palms Place with some friends so we would meet at this bar before going out.  First time there I stood at the half empty bar for way too long before being noticed by the two bartenders with giant jugs.  they seem to think they are there just for eye candy and not to actually do their jobs and serve drinks.  drinks were alright, atmosphere was fine, but i hate waiting 10 minutes for a drink when the bartender is just fooling around and doesnt even acknowledge you.
4	Nice chill little bar inside the casino.. I loved the drinks here. The girls were super sweet and the specialty drinks were amazing. I think we tried most of the drinks since the hotel gave us free drink coupons. I like the decor it's pretty nice inside and clean as well. The poor girls working there had to dig through the trash can for us as well because my boyfriend lost his invisalign in a napkin. I felt so bad for them thank goodness they were so nice and helpful. Come here and grab some drinks before you head to the strip!
4	This is a secret gem if a bar. If you are staying in any if the palms towers or esp palms place I suggest this place if you are not trying to be over crowded at a casino bar. There is shuffle board and a pool table, both if which are always open. Only downfall is that there is no happy hour and the cocktails do start at around $12-$15. When they are trying to get rid of certain alcohols they will discount shots to $5 so make sure you ask. Also you can order food from simon restaurant and it will get delivered to you at the bar. Great place to take a date as well.
