4	de-fricken-licious. just went there tonight for the first time. the prices are really good, and i can't stress enough how flavorful and fresh everything was. yum yum yum.
4	I've never been to the more upscale location on Hutchinson, but this place was fantastic. I personally tried both the safran plate and sandwich, both were excellent but I favoured the sandwich...the sauces were amazing.Never will I look at Basha the same way knowing this place exist!
2	I was looking forward to this place but was disappointed. Fattouch salad could have been good, but the tomatoes were not fresh and tasted of being in fridge for too long. All mushy and weird tasting. Soup was okay. Chicken was WAY overcooked. And I like my chicken overcooked, but not to the point of extreme dryness. Fries were okay, not great, a bit overdone. Rice was okay. Basil lemonade was really boring not yummy. I wanted to like you Rumi...I think you guys can do better if you used fresh ingredients and didn't overcook the meat.
5	I will honestly say that they make the best Falafel sandwich I ever ate! You can really taste the fresh mint, fresh coriander and sesame sauce, plus, they grill it!  Take it out and enjoy it in Parc Mt. Royal, it's well worth the wait. Delicious!
5	Great Great food & friendly service and nice atmosphere .You can really taste the fresh ingredients in every bite of the sandwich . Very reasonable price given the high quality of the food . The sauces are just amazing with the fries . I highly recommend the mayo wasabi sauce .By far best Falafel in town . Green mint tea at the end of your meal is a must.One of my favorite spots in Montreal
5	I have never eaten a bad meal here. Consistently good and always delicious. No alcohol permit :( but great moroccan mint tea!
4	Sympa.
5	Hands Down best Middle Eastern restaurant in Quebec!!!!!!The food is always fresh and the service makes you always want to come back. Great establishment :)
2	I had always wanted to eat here, so when I happened to be on Boul. St-Laurent today and hungry, I didn't hesitate. Alas, it was probably not my day. I ordered the shish taouk and when it arrived, I was delighted to see a nicely arranged plate of char grilled chicken, rice and coleslaw, but was quickly dismayed to to realize that the chicken was way too charred to my liking. I could not taste the spices, although I was sure that had it not been so overcooked, it would have tasted fantastic. I asked the waitress if it was normal for the chicken to be like that and she said that it was, explaining that it was char grilled. I left it at that. When it came to pay time, she asked me if everything was okay, so I told her that I didn't like my chicken for the above reason. She told me that she would pass on the comment to the kitchen and gave me a 10% discount on my bill, so that was a nice gesture on her part. I think I'd give them a second chance, given that I really like the casual, cosy set-up of the place and that most of the reviews here are glowingly positive, though I probably won't order the chicken again.
3	The food was good and well presented and the service friendly. The negative note would be on the drinks. They were out of all the 'original' lemonade on their menu and we had to settle for water.
1	5pm Tuesday, May 14th, 2013A bit blue after rescuing Hughie Sr out of Royal Vic Hospital's 9th floor short term care ward.  His apartment too depressing to cook in so I go for a walk up St. Laurent after scouting bath rails for seniors.    I am walking up St.Laurent looking for new  loca-vore/Paleo fare where the owner actually loves their food.  Rumi used to be a great Tibetan restaurant with a yummy marinated lamb dish.  Now it seems to be  middle eastern outfit using same name .  The waiter was sitting alone at a table at the back of room, he seemed annoyed to have to get up and seat me.  Why do Managers allow employees to bring personal negativity to work,  killing the vibe of the space? Because they are too worried about making a buck to spent time on business ethics and conscious communication.        There was only one other person seated, he looked like a sad passive Che Guav munching on his "free range" fries.   Moving on with patience and gratitude towards the dejected hospitality professionals...Ended up at Aux Vivres, which at least is organic, but so plain and non-creative I get angry for not fasting until I got back to my father's humble abode.    It used to be good in the 90's when it was a family joint.  The raw resto chain  Crudesence yesterday was equally full of resignation from the kitchen.  At least the waitresses at Crud are cool and engaging, but I had to carve out my own coconut flesh since the kitchen was "too busy" (it was Monday 4pm?!)    I hear Green Panther is worth checking out up on St.Viateur.   Considering my luck with restaurants in Montreal I'll move onto Toronto, passing the wet-nurse duties onto my sister.
5	Falafel pita is the best thing I've ever put in my mouth. Mint tea is also amazing!
1	This place has lost it's charm since the original owner sold it.food is not the same anymore neither the service or the the famous tea.what a huge loss to montreal :(
4	Very glad to have stumbled upon this little place! I had the prix fixe menu which was, in my opinion a great deal at twenty bucks, with an extra five for a glass of wine. Highlights were the good service, incredible dal, and delightful mint tea at the end of the meal. Rice and chicken shish taouk were both a bit dry, so one star off for that. But all in all a good experience. I'm all about bang for buck and this is definitely it. Even though I wasn't head over heels for my meal, I think I would go back with friends to share a few things around. Definitely give it a try!
4	I'd like to give this place 3.5 starsWe tried a whole host of things here:Babaganoush, Falafel, Pita Shish Taouk,  Fattouche RepasWe enjoyed everything.    Would have been nice if the service had been a little quicker, but we can't have everything. :)Since I can't give a half a star I am rounding up.
2	I will preface my review by noting it took a whopping 1h50m to get food delivered from here. I think there were some issues as they forgot the meal of a person who ordered with us and also forgot a drink. Maybe it was an off night? Honestly I've had slow delivery but this sounds unbelievable to even say! I would definitely suggest to go eat at the restaurant versus delivery though alas for me it's too late.  The daal soup is good and was the best of what I had. The kefta pita wrap is tasty but I would suggest  sharing it as it is a lot of kefta. Unfortunately, the tabooleh and fattouche both had way too much lemon, which overpowered the rest.  All in all, daal soup was great, the rest ok, and delivery was out of this world (not in a good way).
