3	The food is usually fresh but why at 10:30pm am I having to wait 30 mins in the drive thru??
2	Okay... Someone has to tell the management and maybe corporate that the drive-thru is ridiculous in both lack of speed and space for my vehicle. If you have a dually or after market rims, stay away!! I've been to this location twice now and both times I've waited 25+ min with only about 3-4 cars ahead of me and both times were around 9pm.  And it's not like they don't have the man power to pump out food in a decent amount of time because when I went in to complain, I counted over 10 employees! When this location opened 2 months ago, I was amazed at how busy they were and when passing by, it would seem like they are always busy.  But, no joke, I realized that the reason why they always look busy is because the drive-thru line doesn't move. I was unfortunate enough to end up in the actual lane, and was watching as cars lined up behind me and then speed off after 5 min of waiting without moving... lol...   They really need to correct this ASAP!!
5	This is cleanest fast food restaurant I have ever been in. The tables, floor and booths shine. As soon as a customer leaves, the table - booth is cleaned.  My burger was cooked to perfection. The lettuce, tomato and onion were fresh and cold. The fries perfect. Dave would be very proud of this restaurant.
1	I agree. They are very very slow. I went there one time and I shall not return. I waited in line for about 20 minutes, and this was the drive thru. Not sure what the problem was, but it needs to be rectified.
1	Well it was around 10:30 with nothing really open decided to stop at wendys I frequent there often and have stopped going as often due to many mistakes. . Usually they are very accommodating with there mistakes replace the incorrect items no problem.  Not today! I called to inform them my supposed to be grilled chicken was a fried chicken sandwich and my other sandwich that was supposed to be grilled with no veggies or sauce was the complete opposite. Even with the mistake that is not the big issue here I spoke with yasenia and was spoken to with such rudeness I'm still appalled. She proceed to call me a liar as well as obscenities that will not be repeated .. over a sandwich I mean really the absolute worst customer service I've ever had no people skill what so ever. I personally manage for a large Corp company and if any of my people spoke that way to a customer on the phone they would be out the door in the very same minute.   Just a word of advice manager to shift leader yasenia I have more pressing matters then to call wendys at 11:00 at night to complain about my meal. After that little display I will be taking this much high. I expect an apology for the verbal abuse
1	Ordered a bacon portabella melt. I said twice, that I wanted onions on it. Got a little attitude from my order taker when they said "I already put that on there." Got the burger, no onions, one mushroom on the entire burger.
