4	The famous Sogo chain in Laurelwood has opened a second branch in the University Plaza, accessible to more students. Good thing too, as I heard lots of positive reviews about this place from my friends living in the Laurelwood area.I had the beef noodles while my friend had the crepes. The noodles were tasty and the beef was tender (though small pieces). My friend mentioned the noodles were handmade. If so, not bad!The crepe is definitely something I would recommend for anyone visiting here. Authentic Chinese snack style, without the lineups! Though don't go for the sausage though, it's just regular Maple Leaf Foods-like brand.I got another place to frequent visit now in the plaza! :D
4	Located in the University Plaza, Waterloo Sogo Restaurant is the second location of the very successful Sogo Cusine restaurant located in Laurelwood.Like its flagship, the menu has a wide array of traditional Northern Chinese dishes. If you have been to the location in Laurelwood, the menu at this location is more extensive with some items being a bit pricier due to rent. For any new visitors, a must try is their flagship dish the Chinese Crepe. The crepe, an authentic Chinese snack, is filling snack made with egg, scallion, a salty brown sauce, and crunchy pieces deep-fried crepe batter and is reminiscent of what you would find overseas. Other of my favourites include Marinated Meat in Baked Bun, Rice Noodles with Beef, Cumin Lamb Rice and Lamb Skewers.If you have a craving for the dishes that you had back in China or are adventurous to try something new in the plaza, this is definitely the place to go to. Keep in mind that service can get slow during busy hours and they are sometimes understaffed.
5	Man how  I wish this places existed during my years in Waterloo. Chinese crepe(http://www.youtube.com/w...), in Waterloo? Not in my wildest dream would I imagine something THAT crazy (and sweet).For those of you who don't know, Chinese crepe aka Jian Bing, is a type of street breakfast food in Northern China. It's one of the most down to earth food that everyone loves. The full experience includes: 1)placing the order by specifying the following: One or two eggs? Spicy? Sausage? Crispy? 2) watching the person make it right in front of you (see the youtube video) 3) holding it with some sketchy looking brown wrap paper and feeling happy on a freezing morning.Okay the crepes here are not quite as nice, but it's a decent replacement. Besides the crepes, they also have soy milk, beef noodle soup, ji dan guan bing, rou jia mo, lamb skewer and much more. During my brief stay here in Waterloo I visited this place 3 times, and everything I tried was pretty good (and cheap). This place is located at where Iron Chef used to be in UW plaza. Even though I was quite a fan of the good old Iron Chef, the opening of this place is probably the most exciting thing that happened in UW plaza for me.
1	I have no respect for people who don't know how to run a restaurant. I ordered take out and had three soup noodles.  Two small and one large.  The small didn't even have enough soup to fill a spoon.  I phone ordered my food 45 minutes before I arrived. Only when I arrived did they tell me that they won't start making my food until I show up.  I could go on but this restaurant is not worth any more frustration.
4	As a native to the TianJin province, I was ecstatic when I heard that they are introducing 'Chinese Pancakes' to a location near me. After I tried it, it wasn't bad but it wasn't as good as I hoped, mainly because instead of breadsticks they used the crisps. I also got the Japanese Curry and it was pretty good, good portion but with maybe a bit too much rice and little of the actual dish. I also tried the cumin lamb (as you can see I used to come here a lot), it was good but with just a bit too much oil at the bottom of the container. That being said, overall the taste is catered to us northerners, so in general I really like it.
5	Just had to try this little place after reading the reviews.  Wow.  The Chinese egg pancake is DELICIOUS!!  We ordered it with shredded potato added in.  OMG to die for!  (They were NOT oily, and we sat at the counter and watched them being prepared - they do not use oil. ) Can't wait to try the Sogo special pancake.  We also tried the lamb skewers.  Another huge hit!  The meat is so well marinated and prepared and full of flavour there is no need at all for any sauces on the side.  Simply delicious.  Now - can't wait to go back on Friday evening to try one of the soups and the lamb cumin, and the "Chinese hamburger". I'm sure it will be just as good.    Our pancake was $3.75 and it's huge. Plenty for a meal or in our case, we split it.  The lamb skewers are 3 for $5.00 or 7 for $10.00.  All the prices are very reasonable.  The service was great - our waiter spoke only a little English but it was no problem at all.  The skewers came quickly but we had just a short wait for the pancake as we were third in line for that.  Very popular item!
5	Well, we've been back and the Sogo Chinese pancake is even better than the regular one...  The cumin lamb on rice is simply delicious, I must admit we've been a few times!  We tried the Japanese Beef Curry today and can't recommend it at all.  I guess they can't do everything perfectly.  It was really just like a beef stew, and I suspect the gravy might have been out of a can.   Just not really their specialty I suppose.  Everything else is great though.  The staff are very friendly, and come out to say hello now when we show up, LOL.  I think we might be the only caucasians who show up several times in a week.  GOOD FOOD and really inexpensive.  Must try it.
2	So everyone here's been raving about this Chinese pancake. "Hey, I'm Chinese, I'll probably love it." Nope. This was much more of an acquired taste. If you're grew up on HK food, this just won't do.Next up is this lamb + rice. Now after this point I just didn't get it. I had high expectations which just weren't met, It was literally seasoned lamb + rice. I struggled. I really did. I tried to understand where I went wrong. I tried to convince myself i was happy. Since I vividly remember this awkward disappointment I really cant give it more than 2/5 pandas.
3	A year ago somehow me and one of my close friends decided to try this place together and it became our "go-to" place for catch-ups and casual chuckles about peculiar guests at the restaurant. I feel that many of the dishes here require an acquired taste, owing to their atypical style of Chinese cuisine and abundant use of spices. Particularly the crepe, unable to distinguish itself as a sweet or savoury dish brings an odd aftertaste from the cheap bean paste. One can begin to notice that many of the ingredients have similar issues, whilst the soup-based noodle dishes drowning with MSG; leaving my oral cavity feeling like a desert.
2	Came to dine here on Friday with 3 others and each of us ordered different dishes. Friend tried to order some sort of noodles (can't remember the specific type) and was told they didn't have anymore of those left. Other friend tried to order a teriayki dish and was told they didn't have anymore teriakyi sauce left. I ordered fried chicken udon and the server came back 5min later to inform me they ran out of chicken! Now I can understand if a restaurant runs out of some ingredients late into the night. But it was 6PM and they ran out of most of the components of the dishes we wanted, not just one. Nevertheless, we still chose to try the food and were disappointed. The udon had only a few small pieces of meat (beef) in it and had a weird taste as if it wasn't fresh and sitting in the fridge for far too long. The seasoning was lacking. All the other dishes were also disappointing except for the lamb skewers.Overall, although the place is cheap, there are far better places to eat in the plaza. Don't waste your time here.
3	This is mainly a Chinese noodle restaurant. The area is pretty small, so it feels really squished. Decend variety to choose from the menu, and prices are fair. The noodle was ok, but I feel like the meat wasn't enough, and the soup was WAYYY too salty. Probably won't come again any time soon.
