4	Mmm pizza. Villa has great pizza. Yummy sauce, tasty crust. The garlic knots are amazing. Salads aren't amazing though. Every time we have gotten a salad it's been very watery. Washing veggies is good. But the water isn't supposed to get served with the lettuce, tomato and cucumbers! The pizza and knots are tasty enough to make up for the watery salad though. So why only 4 stars? Villa would easily get 5 stars from me if the prices were more reasonable... A one topping large pizza and 12 knots run $30+. And they charge for delivery...
4	My husband and I ate at the new location for Villa last weekend. I had never eaten at the old location, but I had been inside to pick up to-go orders. The new location is certainly an improvement, not that the original was necessarily bad. While Villa is in a new spot, the food has not changed. Nor have the prices. Our waitress was very attentive, and our order came out quickly.
1	I have been eating at this Villa Pizza for over 14 years. (They recently relocated). The owners have always been nice people and even though the pizza is a little over priced I enjoy it. When you pay $40 for a large cheese pizza and 15 fingers, you expect them to be good. I've never had an issue until today. I ordered delivery from this Villa (Cheese Pizza and fingers/hot.) It took almost 50 minutes to get here. which was fine...but when it got here the pizza was barely warm and the fingers looked like they had barely drizzled hot sauce on them. Usually they come doused in the sauce and they are hot and fresh. I was really upset considering I also tipped $6 to the driver. Since I've been a patron of theirs for years I decided to call and let them know my dissatisfaction. The owner's wife answered the phone. I explained to her the situation in a calm manner. She said that they took the pizza right out of the oven and delivered it. Which could possibly be true. I am sure they delivered several orders on the way to mine. She also stated that their chicken soaks up the sauce. I've ordered this exact meal several times and never had it in that condition. When I explained it to her, she got flustered and handed the phone to her husband. He then proceeded to yell at me and tell me that I was wrong. I was extremely offended and told him that I have ordered from them for 14 years. He said he would send me a fixed order. I told him it was not necessary but that I just wanted him to acknowledge that it was poor. He said he was sending a fixed order and that I didn't need to order from him ever again. I was completely offended. I could not believe that after eating there and ordering food to go for over 14 years that I would be treated so poorly. I can honestly say I will never order from them again as I refuse to support any business, small or large that would yell at customers like that. I am afraid to eat what they brought to "replace" the order as I fear it could be "compromised." I am so disappointed, to say the least that any business would treat customers that way. I will NEVER eat or order from this Villa Pizza again.
5	Greatest pizza in henderson. Consistant quality and friendly service. The owners really try to do the best job and the new place is geat!
2	I ordered the chicken fingers and fries from this joint. The staff was great and thee food came quickly. When I got back to the office to eat it. The chicken fingers were so small I was enraged!!!! 3 lil fingers and a handful of fries for $9. I wont make that mistake again. Some people have stated the pizza is not bad. I may try the pizza buffet just to get my money back. LOL
5	This is the best place to get pizza in all of Henderson. It does cost more than the regular pizza joint, but they use all fresh ingredients. We always get the extra large pizza and mild chicken fingers. We have never had any problems or issues with the food here. It is a family owned business and the owners are always at there and so very friendly!
2	This review is for the lunch pizza buffet. I'd give this place two and a half stars. The quality of the pizza was good, but not a lot of selection. The salad bar offered two types of dressing, and toppings included diced tomatoes, green peppers, onions, and croutons which were stale.The main reason for the poor review though is the owners. They did not seem inviting or welcoming at all. Each time I went back for more pizza or soda, I could feel them watching me like a hawk. I felt like I was doing something wrong each time I went back. I can safely say I probably won't be returning.
4	Went in not expecting much and was pleasantly surprised!!!!The owner was friendly and pleasant:)There were over 5 types available and it was all tasty and fresh. My 3 year old daughter ate one piece and he didn't even charge us. That was sweet.
5	My husband and I have been driving from Sunrise Mnt. To get pizza from Villa for years following from the old location to the new one. We took a drive today and to our disappointment it was closed and out of business. We would really like to know what happened.
