1	I needed a PC to TV converter and this was the only store close to me that had the product in stock. I got it home and the it turned out not to be the item I needed for the application.  So I went to the Casa Grande Radio Shack to return it and they would not take it back because the store where I purchased it is privately owned and they have different policies. So I went back to the Maricopa store and they returned it but charged a 25% restocking fee. This was a $100 item so that wasn't to great. I remember asking the owner when I was making the original purchase if I could return it in Casa Grande and he assured me it was ok. Regular RS's do not charge restocking fee's for these types of items.  So I will never purchase from a privately owned RS and definitely not the Maricopa store again.
1	We bought an item at the Ahwatukee Radio Shack and tried to return it at the Maricopa Radio Shack, because we live in Maricopa. They refused to refund our money even with a legitimate receipt! And they were rude. Tried to say the debit card numbers weren't right or "didn't match" (they did), then quoted some 10-day rule. We finally took the item back to Ahwatukee and got a refund with no problem. I will never shop at the Maricopa Radio Shack because of their rude and condescending attitude - the last thing they want, apparently, is to get and keep a good customer.
1	First of all this place doesn't even deserve 1 star, I bought 2 rc trucks, which I told the guy I was going to let my kids race them in my backyard,  he checked them and said "yeah these will work because they run on different radio frequencies that they wouldn't interfere with each other" anyways got them home and charged them up, 2 hrs. later they were ready, but it turned out he was wrong and they ran on the same frequency rendering them useless when using at the same time. I tried to return the next day and this asshole wouldn't take them back because the boxes they came in were slightly torn from opening them, what a joke! It is just about impossible to open without messing the boxes up slightly. I would of never bought them to begin with if he didn't tell me they ran on different frequencies,  total bullshit!  Worst customer service around. I offered to pay for new boxes but he told me to take the trucks and get out... Unbelievable!!
