5	The Cookie Jar is a wonderful little place right on Sixth st next to Firehaus and across from TIS Bookstore.  They have excellent cookies, but the BEST by far are the buttercream cookie sandwiches....I prefer the vanilla buttercream frosting, but they make both choc. and vanilla.  I also bought many cookie cakes here for birthday parties, greek events, sporting events, etc.....it was the place to go!  Very friendly service and everything is homemade on the premises.  I went back for Memorial Day weekend this past May and unfortunately it was closed when I visited campus.....I cannot wait to go back to have a cookie sandwich!  MmmMmmm
5	I love the Cookie Jar.  Their cookie cakes are always a hit when I bring them to barbecues and they have always come through on whatever crazy decorating scheme I ask for.  The cookie sandwiches are to die for (and they very well may kill you with all of their artery clogging goodness) and are one of my favorite treats whenever I'm on campus.The regular cookies are also really good.  They always seem to be ever so slightly underdone, which I love.  The prices are reasonable and the staff is very friendly. Hours are fairly limited, so call and check to make sure they're open if you plan on stopping in.
4	Very friendly staff, and delicious cookies. Are they fancy and unique flavors likely to be featured in gourmet magazines? No. Are they straight-up delicious? Absolutely! The cookie sandwich, as other Yelpers have mentioned, is alright; essentially a cookie broken in half with frosting slathered in the middle. I wouldn't go out of my way to pick up one of those, but would definitely make trips back again and again and AGAIN for one of The Cookie Jar's mixed berry cookies--packed with dried berries, oatmeal, hint of butterscotch....it's a winner. We actually got some cookies to go, ate that one first, and turned right back around to go get 2 more.
4	OMG! Their cookies are delicious! I had the peanut butter cookie (awesome!), rice krispy treat (delicious!), ice cream sandwich (okay...), & the sugar cookie (pretty good...).They do accept credit cards, but only on orders that are $5 or more.
5	I was at the University of Illinois for many years and since then have never found a place with cookies as good as The Cookie Jar has.  Hands downs, best cookie is the Buttercreme Sandwich.  It obviously can't be that healthy for you, but what do you expect?The other cookies are just as good, I remember when I was there they had Reese's Pieces cookies that were incredible and unique. The cookie cakes are the best cookie cakes I've ever had, better than any mall cookie shop. If you are ever on Sixth Street, make a quick stop inside, say hi to Ed (nicest owner in the world), and buy as many cookies as possible, you won't regret it.
5	This place has the best cookies and customer service! Their staff is so nice and accommodating. Their cookies, all varieties, are absolutely amazing. I live in Chicago and have been to many bakeries and nothing compares to the Cookie Jar in Champaign. My favorite is the sugar cookie with icing. If you like any type of cookies/desserts you NEED to check out the Cookie Jar.
3	The price is right and so is the location. Cookies were ok but not mind blowing good. I tried the double chocolate chip, chocolate chip walnut and chocolate chunk. The chocolate chunk was by far the best of the three. There was a lot of choco chunks and they were still a little gooey. Yum! I wasn't that big of a fan of the chocolate chip walnut. There were lots of walnuts on top but the cookie was almost cakey with not enough choco chips. The double choco cookie was fine. A bit flat, in flavor and literally. For around 65 to 70 cents per cookie, go check it out for yourself.
4	Went with a co-worker and I am not a sweet things fan. But their cookie is creamy and sweet.
