5	Best dental experience ever!!!  Professional, friendly and will actually work with you to take care of your dental needs quickly and efficiently.  I needed a crown and they were able to do it the same day, no temporary crown to deal with for three weeks and hope the permanent one fits.  The staff explains everything thoroughly and are very personable.  Time to bring back the whole family!
5	This place is wonderful. They are a sweet and friendly staff and the office is beautiful. They have high tech gadgets that make it easy to see your X-ray pictures and have a thorough understanding of what's going on in your mouth! This will definitely be where I go for any and every dental need!
5	Impressed with all the modern technology -- state-of-the-art x-ray machine, crowns made on site same day, televisions chair side for you to watch..  Bright, clean offices.  Dr. Chauhan is a truly excellent dentist in all respects.  She took time explaining her findings, the procedure, what I could expect and answering questions - more time in fact than I've ever had a dentist spend in over 30 years!  No making you feel rushed or just plain feeling like you're not in the loop as so many other medical and dental professionals.  Throughout the procedure (in my case a broken crown removal and replacement) she was concerned for my comfort.  It was truly a painless and comfortable dental experience.  I got a new crown same day, no messy molds or temporary crown.  Dental assistant (Stacy, I believe) was great.  Efficient office staff. There are so many dentists, but only a handful of exceptional dentists.    Having just relocated to Gilbert, I was extremely fortunate and very pleased to find an exceptional dentist in my area.  I would highly recommend Dr. Chauhan to my friends and family.
4	Extremely modern technology and very impressed with the digital x-rays and cameras. The whole staff was very friendly and the care and professionalism was exceptional! I will continue with them and have referred them to friends and family.
5	New dentist in town and she is just AMAZING. Only arrived about a month ago and took over for Dr. Chauhan. I have been struggling with dental issues my whole life and she took an X-ray of my face, identified the root of the issue, and now I'm on the road to a long term solution and not short term (and expensive) Bandaids. Not only is she brilliant but super sweet. I'm even going to move my kids from their pediatric dentist over to here.
