5	I love this place! I got s groupon to try it and loved right away! I feel great afterward. I tried hot yoga and that was not for me. If you want fast fun work out this is it! Trainers are so welcoming, fun and helpful! Normally I try to work out at home and hate gyms but I love kicking is so much fun! Just a few times and I feel better and more energetic!!
5	The Newest ILoveKickboxing.com to the Vegas area!!! An awesome gym!
5	I am so glad my sister-in-law made me sign up!I have gone two days and love the feeling after each class! The staff are all friendly and push you hard to ensure your getting the max of your work outs! I love how it is a great way to lose weight and relieve stress! I signed for the unlimited membership and have no regrets doing it! I cannot wait to get into a scheduled routine of going hopefully 3-4 days a week! Now working on getting my friends to join!! =)
5	Such an amazing place to be a part of. They treat you like family, encourage you when you need it the most and never let you give up on your goals. It's more than just a workout here.
5	I've never been the type to love working out, and to go to the gym. It seems like I've tried every diet out there to try and loose weight and get motivated to get to the gym but I NEVER COULD! I heard about ilovekicking through a friend and decided to try it out thinking what do i have to loose for 3 class for 19.99 and FREE gloves!!??! Well after just 1 hour of my first class i was HOOKED! No joke after years of trying classes at the gym and different routines, i fell in LOVE! There is always an instructor there to push and tell you can kick and punch that bag one more time before the bell rings! its a great full body workout and feeling every muscle ache the next morning is the best painful feeling you can get! I've been to 4 classes now and i can actually feel a muscle in my arm, and the toning beginning! Im hooked and so glad i took the chance to try ilovekickboxing and found my new workout home!!
5	This place is my new addiction. The whole staff is friendly and encouraging. The workout is always different and challenging but you never feel like you can't accomplish the moves.
5	I love this place!  This is the best, most complete workout I have had in years.  First off, the staff (Rissa, Frankie and Diana "D") are all super friendly and make you feel welcome the minute you enter the gym.  Everyone always has a smile on their face and their energy and enthusiasm makes working out fun.  A typical class consists of an intense cardio warm-up, stretching, 7 rounds of kick boxing, some fun form of final exercise (abs, wall sits, planks) followed by more stretching.  The best part is that while the format is usually the same, every workout is different.  I have been coming for three months and have never done the same thing twice.  Every instructor puts their own twist on the 60 minute class but one thing is certain, at the end, you will be tired, sweaty and you will know you worked out hard.  Also, something that is atypical for gyms in Las Vegas, there is no "gym attitude" at I Love Kickboxing.  This is not a meat market or overpriced gym with stuff you do not need.  This is an affordable, simple workout that will challenge you, energize you and make you want to come back again and again.  You owe it to yourself to take a class here and see it for yourself.  Trust me, you will be hooked!
1	The cardio kickboxing program is great... But don't try to cancel.  If your experience is like mine you will be given erroneous information over the phone, treated rudely and unprofessionally by a very snotty and dismissive woman who will keep you, your wife, and your 3 1/2 year old daughter waiting for  well over an hour opting to ignore me in order to engage in a conversation trying to get two ladies to sign up .... For over an hour even though my issue would take literally two minutes to resolve.  When I told her that I was upset and even pissed off that she completely ignored me and kept my family waiting she began yelling loudly, threw the cancellation paper and pen on the floor -  and began to raise her voice even more at me about respecting her!  She was rude, classless, and totally unprofessional.  It seemed like she was doing this on purpose maybe hoping I would just leave with my family and pay yet another month at a gym I am not using.  She clearly had no respect for me or my family.   For these reasons I'd have to say Go Somewhere else.... this place was like a cult when you try to leave!
5	If you're thinking about trying a class, JUST DO IT! I Love Kickboxing has exceeded my expectations! The instructors are VERY encouraging and the atmosphere is friendly and fun. There is not a specific "type" of person who works out here, everybody is a different shape and size. The instructors do a fantastic job at keeping the workouts convenient for all fitness levels.My body has become noticeably stronger after only 4 classes. During class #1, I had a hard time doing 1 push-up (yes, O-N-E!!!!). By my 4th class, I was doing push-ups without hesitation. And don't even get me started on my kicks...(in a good way)!Never in a million years, did I think i'd love kickboxing so much. The classes at I Love Kickboxing really teach you what you're made of and leave you wanting more, all while feeling accomplished and proud of yourself!
5	I was a skeptic to try it at first. I heard about this place from a groupon that I found. I am not overweight at all but im not in the greatest shape. I have used gym member ships and whatnot to try to get more toned but nothing kept me interested. So after the first day at this location I knew this would work! Ive only been going for a little over a month and have seen the inches drop. Not only do you lose weight but it's a major stress reliever. I still occasionally eat fast food and only go 2-3 times a week and get results. I am 100% recommending this place to anyone! The instructors are so caring, you end up really connecting with them. Also every day is a new routine so you never get bored.  Trust me on one thing in this class you are motivated beyond reason to keep pushing which is something I LOVE! This was the best thing ive ever took a chance on liking.  I just made two of my friends check it out and not they are hooked as well! And its way cheaper than my gym membership use to be.
5	Best choice I ever made!!! Trainers are dedicated to seeing you get results as well as learning.... I get a new experience everyday I come in and it is really addicting... If you are looking for an action packed ass kicking workout this is your new home:)Try it I promise you will be amazed..
5	Wow! I am so glad a girlfriend recommended ILoveKickboxing!  Rissa greeted me with a smile and positive vibe.  She was super helpful and answered all my questions.  Because it was my first time with ILKB she sat me down and she got to know a little about me and my goals.  I got a pair of boxing gloves, a bottle of water and a towel.  There were some other first timers there as well so she put me close to them :)  She went over the diff kinds of punches, kicks, and correct movements as well....then class began!!   Holy Hell!!!!!  The warm up kicked my butt!  LOL  running, burpees, sit ups, push ups, planks, mountain climbers then we went into the kickboxing portion and that kicked my butt too!!  Yesssss!  The whole time Rissa was encouraging, and up beat and the music was great too.  At the end of class I ended up signing up for the Punch Card option...it was the best for my situation. There was no pressure to sign up so I liked that.  I cannot wait to go back!
5	I've been with ILoveKickboxing.com for 8 months this year and honestly, I was just "trying it out" over a Groupon. I thought what the heck, $19.99 for three classes and free gloves? If I don't like it I've got nothing to lose but 20 bucks. Well...truth is, I don't like it; I LOVE IT!!! I'm so glad I gave it a "try" and have stuck with this program. I recommend it to everyone who asks me what I've done to improve my physique and to others who look forward to making new friends. With kickboxing I've been able to lose 10 pounds; I've changed my bad habits to healthy ones, I'm forming new friendships and not to mention my strength, stamina and confidence have never been this high before! In the beginning I couldn't even do ONE girl pushup nor could I hold a plank and now I've advanced to elevated planks AND push-ups! ;) One last thing, I love going to class because workouts are NEVER the same. I've also become close friends with the instructors; they push me above and beyond and I get an actual workout unlike before when I would wander around the gym watching others trying to get an idea of what to do! Get up and KICKBOX!
5	I've never been a "gym rat". I feel like the competitiveness and judgmental mess that comes with a membership isn't worth my monthly dues. I decided to try out ilovekickboxing because someone offered a deal. You can't pass up $10 to punch things. Four months later & I'm attending 3 classes a week - minimum. The staff is supportive, friendly and happy to help when you're uncoordinated or need an alternate to an exercise you can physically do. The other clients are there  to support you & let you do your thing. I'd be hard pressed to look for another place to relieve stress and get a good work out. My husband attends a regular gym 6 days a week - and still attends classes with me at night. If you're still unsure - come check out a 3 day trial and make your own decision.
3	I am so happy I got a Groupon to try this place out! The classes and teachers are amazing, and def. a great work out! I would suggest going with a buddy because the last section involves partnering, plus sometimes if the classes are to full you may have to double up on the punching bags. If I would to suggest one change it would be to their class option plan. I understand their wanting to push a certain class amount so everyone gets their full work out on. But I just wished I could pay per class, or buy less than 35 classes. That is just way to many for me. My friend was the one who got me into going here but she purchased the 35 classes before I started and she has about 20 classes left. I wanted to buy 20 classes so I could go with her to finish up her remaining classes, but they wouldn't let me do that. I would have let 15 classes go to waste, which would be unfortunate for the amount of money they are having you pay.
