4	Suede Restaurant is located inside the Westin Casuarina Hotel in Vegas.  I didn't know much about this restaurant, but we decided to eat here since I got 50% off of all food and beverage items during my stay since I am a Starwood Employee. The restaurant itself is simple, but nice with dim lighting, ergonomic tables, couches, seats, etc.  The hostess that was working here was very sweet and helpful.  The restaurant wasn't crowded at all, but I guess it's not too surprising since it is located in one of the smaller hotels off the strip. The service here was just okay..  Our waiter was very very nice, but didn't seem like he knew how to properly wait and serve tables.  But since he was very nice and was obviously trying, no problems here.As for the food, a group of 4 of us ran up a $400 dollar bill.. We ordered a bottle of red wine, calamari & chicken lettuce wraps for appetizers, Ahi Tuna / Salmon / 2 Steaks for entrees, and Proliferoles for dessert.  The Calamari appetizer was very good complemented with tartar sauce and marinara sauce.  The Chicken Lettuce Wraps were pretty good, but nothing too amazing and the chicken was a bit heavy to me.  As for the entrees, I tried both the Ahi Tuna and Salmon, which were both great dishes that came with rice and side vegetables.  The Proliferoles were okay.. the cream puffs weren't soft enough, but the dessert was still pretty tasty.This restaurant definitely has nice ambience if you're looking for a nice meal.  I actually enjoyed the fact that the restaurant was pretty empty and didn't have all the craze of the restaurants on the strip.  The food is pretty expensive here, but it's also pretty good.  Truthfully, I probably wouldn't have ate here if I didn't have the 50% off, since it's pretty expensive.  But I'm glad I got the chance to have a nice dinner our with friends at a decent price.
4	Suede is located inside the Westin hotel. It's a pretty pricey restaurant, but the food there is pretty good. I found service to be a bit slow, especially since no one was in the restaurant.I ordered a house salad and the shrimp pasta. Both were made fairly well, and portion sizes were decent, albeit expensive for what I was getting. Everything was clean, and the overall ambiance was quite nice. It's the only restaurant in the hotel, so you don't have much of a choice unless you go out to eat.
3	Decent Food, Questionable ServiceSo I was alone for most of the day last Friday while I waited for my friends to arrive in Vegas.I was hungry before my spa appointment so I decided to have a light lunch at Suede which is located in our hotel.The menu is pretty tempting and has a lot of varieties.  I decided to have a burger WITH a fruit salad. My server, Alex, never brought me bread.  Another server was kind enough to bring me bread so I wouldn't pass out from being so hungry.I waited a long time for my food.  Alex only attended the table with 3 people.  I guess since I was alone, I was being discriminated against.  He never bothered checking on me to see if everything is going okay. The other server (not my server) brought me bread and checked on me a few times.  What happened to MY server?My fruit salad didn't come with my burger.  Instead I was greeted with fries.  That's not what I ordered.  Finally I waved down Alex to bring me so fruit salad... and he never did. He totally forgot or simply didn't care.  I really resent that.The other server...came to check on me one more time... so I explained the fruit salad situation and he brought it for me.  HOW HARD IS IT TO BE A SERVER? You write things down then you bring it to people.  I was irkd.So finally after all that fiasco... I really wanted to talk to the manager but he checked on EVERY OTHER TABLE except me.  Is it that much a faux pas to eat alone?  So I was frustrated with my dining experience here but I do have to mention one of the perks of eating here is that they bring you the world's SMALLEST tobasco, which I promptly snatched and kidnapped to bring back home.
3	Meh...It was 'aight...Burger was decent - LARGE...the cobb salad was drenched in dressing, soggy and limp.The BF and I were not impressed - service was actually pretty good, but then, we were like the only ones there.
3	this is the restaurant in the Westin hotel.  I had a decent asian salad, I mean, I ordered the asian salad after all - which is pretty lame - but I couldn't make up my mind and my dinner companion got a salad - my salad was pretty good, standard, wontons, peanuts etc.  the chicken was actually still juicy and there wasn't too much dressing.  staff/waitress was really nice.  if you're staying here, this wouldn't be a terrible place to eat
4	Considering having a green tea frappuccino and cream cheese danish in Starbucks cost me $4.5 + $3.5 the day before, Suede offers very nice breakfast selection at only $14. Do not expect fancy Wynn style kind of buffet, Suede offered a simple and essential buffet. Although the casino area was empty, Suede was not. All the tables were filled with people when I arrived at 9 something. I had fresh orange juice, and coffee was brought to the table in a tall container. Food was warm and fresh in the buffet station. Ketchup, jams, and honey were in small bottles and brought to the table new. I have listed the breakfast selections below and took a picture when I was there. Fruits: banana, apple, melon, honeydew, strawberry, pineapple, and yogurt Cereal and Oatmeal Scramble egg, egg Bendict, potato, ham, apple bacon, sausages Waffles, bagels, mini donuts, muffins, and different kind of pastries
3	Unlike the hotel itself, which I gave five stars, there is simply no way around a three star rating for Suede, the sole restaurant on the Westin property.  I ate two meals here: dinner & the buffet breakfast.  The buffet breakfast is not a "vegas style" buffet but rather a "westin style" buffet- something I tried mostly recently at the Pasadena Westin- i.e. a few choices executed at above average level.  Here, my eggs benedict were actually better then the same dish at the Il Fornaio in the New York, New York.As for dinner, well- in their favor you can order something other then a traditional fine-dining main course.  I had a rueben sandwich that was competently executed but not inspired.The service here was kind of creepy and overbearing.  I know middle age men can be fine waiters, and attentive service is a plus, but it was a little bit unusual for my wife and I to have the same thought about one of our waiters: i.e. that he was going to strangle us in our room later on during our stay.  I'm just saying.Prices are fine... for Las Vegas.
4	I'm staying at the hotel and compare with others hotels around in Vegas, this is not the best. However,  the buffet here really stands out;  I coundnt belived how fresh and good it was.  Go for the buffet. It won't disappoint!!!
4	Suede Restaurant was conveniently located in our hotel and we were pleasantly surprised to find such good food here. We had a late start on a Saturday morning, so we missed breakfast, but nonetheless needed to eat a good & hearty lunch. We were sat immediately and our drink order was taken - a carafe of coffee for the table and water. I ordered the Pesto Chicken Panini - served with grilled chicken, roasted red peppers, caramelized onions, and fontina cheese. DELICIOUS! It was rich, but super satisfying. My honey got the Cobb salad and it was huge! I was impressed with the tasty blue cheese wedge it was served with. I'm glad we were able to try Suede for its good food & convenience. Good stuff!Cheers!
3	Not bad.  I can only comment on the Ahi Tuna open faced burger.  It was not a burger so I am not sure why they even call it that.  It was an ahi tuna patty on tofu.  It was tasty though.  I actually really enjoyed my dinner and the way it was presented.  It had a lot of flavor and the fish tasted fresh.
4	In an otherwise run-of-the-mill hotel, this restaurant was a real surprise! During a 4 night stay at the Westin, I ate here 4 times, once for dinner and three times for breakfast, each meal was great. The echo other reviews, every person I encountered here was very professional and friendly. When you walk up, the host asks for your last name, and then calls you Mr./Ms. Whoever, which I thought was a nice touch. The waitstaff is very well-trained, friendly, knowledgeable, and courteous. The food is served promptly and is very good. I did not have the $18 breakfast buffet, instead I saved a few bucks by getting an omeletts. A good value at $14 with three toppings and a side. I had mine with bacon, chicken sausage, and goat cheese. The one dinner I had there, I had a massive and delicious Cobb salad. They key to ordering a salad in any restaurant, if you don't want it smothered in dressing, is to request the dressing on the side. Better yet, forget the creamy crap and request oil and balsamic vinegar. They have that option here and I was able to control the dressing amount by pouring my own. This is they key to ordering a salad in any restaurant. For Vegas, the prices were reasonable, and with the food and staff a surprisingly high quality, this restaurant is a great option if you find yourself in the area.
2	The Cuban panini was terrible. The homemade chips were the only thing that saved this place from a one star rating. The lettuce wraps were average. The service was very attentive, but I guess you can expect that on a Monday when the pace is over half empty. If you have the choice, go somewhere else.
2	Suede is a resturant inside of the Westin Hotel. They offer a breakfast buffet every morning for $18.00.  I was very unimpressed with the buffet.  I also had dinner and thought the food was terriable for the price.  If the food was half the price I would say it was average.
4	This is the only restaurant at the Westin, and it's ok.  Really not worth a visit from outside the hotel, but within the hotel, it's pretty good.Service was good, and the food, while simple, was good.  Really nothing remarkable, but perfectly acceptable.
3	Not worth a trip to go check out. But, if you are staying at the Westin, it is a very good option (you know some hotels you stay in, you go out of your way to not eat at the restaurant in the lobby? this does not describe Suede)Breakfast buffet has fruit, oatmeal, eggs, bacon, breakfast potatoes, french toast, Krispy Kreme donuts, pastries, bagels, and comes with coffee and OJ. Very solid selection at a reasonable (for hotels) price.There is one breakfast dish with tofu in it. That's terrible. Avoid that.The smoothie is excellent. Definitely get this. Best thing on the menu.
3	I'd have to agree with a lot of the other reviewers. Suede is a decent restaurant if you're staying at the Westin but not worth the trip if you aren't staying at the hotel.We had the $18.00 breakfast buffet. It had all the essentials: eggs, bacon, sausage, bagels, toast, fruit, waffles. I would've like a few more options but for the price (in Vegas) it was worth it. I thought everything tasted very good and our server was extremely nice and friendly. If I return to the Westin, I will certainly hit up this place again for breakfast.
5	try the pizza regina. Delicious. It comes with ham and mushrooms.. the ham thats on the pizza was thin cut and delicious it just melted in our mouths =) waiter was so polite and professional. Def. next time I come to vegas I will be eating at suede =)
3	Had dinner here before going out on the strip.  Mainly for the convenience factor because we were staying here.  We were presently surprised by the service and food.  I had a steak salad which was cooked to a perfect medium rare (see photos).  I had some of the spaghetti and meatballs as well.  This place is empty most of the time since it is tucked away in the Westin, so its nice not to have to wait.  I would knock down a star since it is a bit costly.
3	Likes: omelette with spinach sausage and mushrooms, hash browns, sourdough bread, orange juice, good service, hot tea with lemon and honeyDislikes: omelette a bit bland, nothing really wow about this place to me but a good place for a quick breakfast
3	Nothing to write home about for breakfast. I would say it is more than passable but quite pedestrian to say the least. The Belgian waffle slices they had on the buffet were stone cold. There were a minimum of four kinds of pork meat (sausages, bacon) which filed up 1/2 the hot menu items on the buffet. Couldn't they give ONE non-pork choice like a turkey sausage or turkey bacon or something. Cream cheese is sitting out and gets warm. It's not on ice. The table settings are nice. The blue glasses and nice silverware are a solid touch. The food is presented nicely and the buffet is clean. The workers in the restaurant are quite pleasant.
4	DELICIOUS salmon/avocado/tofu bagel. get it. you won't regret!My english breakfast tea wasn't strong though... the brand they use isn't like the one i'm used to in england, but oh well..we are in vegas..afterall
4	Very good food for a hotel cafe.  I ate filet last night and it was cooked to perfection.
3	Food is okay. Some of their dishes are good and others are mediocre. They are 24 hours so that's a plus. Service is great though!
3	I really enjoy the Westin Casuarina, and this restaurant located inside is no different.They are open  24/7 and the staff is very friendly.We ordered a few appetizers for the table. I only tried the calamri, and it was good. It wasn't as crunchy as I usually like, but it wasn't soggy either. I avoided the lettuce wraps because it looked a little weird, but my cousin seemed to really like it.I ordered the fish and chips and it was good, although the fries are skinny fries and I prefer fatter fries. The waiter was very good, and I really liked the way he poured a beer. It was a very cool trick where he holds the beer glass against the tray sideways and pours the beer as he brings the tray right side up. I'm not sure if I'm explaining it well, but it was pretty cool.
5	Every time I have a layover in Las Vegas, it's a MUST that I go to Suede and get the bagel and smoked salmon.  I LOVE that it comes with capers that are the size of olives!  The salmon is ALWAYS fresh as well as the bagel.
3	Not bad for off-strip hotel but a tad overpriced
3	Not bad for a free, SPG Platinum breakfast!  Nice selection for the buffet, nice space and good service too!
2	Would not recommend. It took forever to get super mediocre food! 45 minutes from when we ordered until we were served, and it was completely empty around 1PM.The calamari was very blan and the burger was not juicy at all. The best thing we got was the chicken quesadilla (which is a really difficult thing to mess up in the first place). Even that was lacking in chicken... it was mostly cheese.For the price, definitely not worth it.
4	I had the Halibut on Jasmine rice and it was really good!   Good service, friendly staff ... Pretty much what I was looking for, I will try it again!
4	I had the Market Vegetable Wrap because it sounded healthy. When I ordered it, the nice, attentive waiter asked what side I would like. Well, I hadn't noticed that it came with a side, so it took me a while to decide and then I finally just said the sea salt fries (yes, I know, I WAS going for the "healthy" option until I ordered those fries)! Hubby ordered a hamburger and salad. Why this meal earned a four versus five was my hubby's meal l. My veggie wrap was fantastic, just wish that I would have ordered the fruit rather than the fries, nothing wrong with the fries though. However, hubby's hamburger was no better than McDonald's, and his salad was super oily. I would definitely order the veggie wrap again though. Very tasty and the balsamic vinegar was yummy.
5	A superb breakfast buffet is not an easy find. Yes, there are a plethora of food options and buffet choices throughout sin city, but the convenience of the location and freshness of their offerings is a winning combination for anyone staying at the Westin.Fortunately for me, I had breakfast vouchers given to us by the hotel. The cost otherwise is close to $20, a pricey penny for a buffet. But the offerings are so extensive, it's easy to justify the meal's cost.Being a vegetarian, and one who has recently gone on a health binge, I appreciated the options I had. I go with the oatmeal daily and load it up with strawberries, granola, raisins, pecans, and brown sugar. If I have more space, and hunger, I try one of their freshly baked muffins, cereal offerings, homestyle potatoes, or yogurt with fruit. There's certainly more to the menu,  and the service is spectacular. Each of the servers I've had over the past three days have been so on-point, I always find myself revisiting the checkbook and adding a couple of extra dollars for a better tip. They just take care of you without being obtrusive. I may have waited a few minutes once, but as soon as eye contact was made, service follows instantly.Legit spot for a solid start to your day.
1	AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!!Hungry for a delicious breakfast I gave this place a try after my workout. How wrong was I when I decided to order the spinach omelette. The menu described it with heirloom tomatoes. When the server dropped my food I looked him in the eye and asked "Is this the heirloom tomato?" to which he lied to my face and saying yes. I work in a fine dining restaurant in Los Angeles and I know the difference among tomatoes. When I went to the register to pay for my meal the chef who was on the poster for the restaurant was there. The cashier asked me "Was everything ok?" to which I replied "not really!" and she followed "what was wrong?" I explained about what happened and the chef heard and approached me without apologizing saying " But that's the tomato we have." Well, this is not customer service nor any kind of recovery at all. But how about at least telling your servers here are the changes on the menu TODAY! Btw the food was blend and boring.
5	Suede has the best chicken wings on the planet.I understand it sounds outrageous. I told a hostess at Suede they were the best wings anywhere.   She told me another guest that morning had told her the exact same thing.  That is too much of a coincidence for it to not be true! Why are they the best anywhere?  Perfect crispiness.  Not too greasy.  Not slimy.Not too salty.Great taste.Oh yeah.  Their breakfast buffet is also fantastic.  The best scrambled eggs I have had anywhere.The best turkey sausage I have had anywhere.Other foods were good as well.The restaurant has a relaxed atmosphere. It is worth making a trip just off the Las Vegas Strip to the Westin in order to give this place a try.Open 24 hours a day and reservations can be made through Open Table.
4	Salad was fresh and delicious.  Service was prompt. They are open 24 hours which is really nice.
2	Service was spectacular, staff are great. Vegas pricing, so not cheap. Food was meh. Not impressive.
