5	I started coming here after the dealer said I needed $600+ in repairs, and I called around for other estimates, and they were 40% cheaper. Of course, there are others who can do work for similar rates, but the deciding factor was that Rob, who is usually at the front desk, was apparently the only guy in town who could handle a phone call in a useful and professional way. I know thats a fairly small factor to make a decision on, but I don't regret it, since its been representative of how they've been to me since.Also, if I bring the car in for an oil change or other regular maintenance, and ask for them to check some potential problem out, and it just turns out to be something trivial that takes a few seconds to fix, they don't use that as an excuse to charge a half-hour of shop time. Which I appreciate.
5	I was considering purchasing a used vehicle from a local dealership.  I knew I should get an independent inspection before purchasing.I took the car to Car-X and spoke to the manager, Shane.  Not only did Shane and his crew do a great job in their inspection, but he also let me know that the dealer had contacted him to let him know that I had already negotiated a lower price on the car, so the inspection didn't need to be as thorough as usual (holy cow - how outrageous is that?).  Because of that shady call, Shane did an extra-thorough inspection of the car.So Shane did two great things.  First, he was totally above-board and told me everything I needed to know about the vehicle and about his interaction with the dealer.  Second, he did a great job explaining the issues to me.I've had many other good experiences at Car-X and probably should have written a review sooner.  This particular experience was so good that I felt compelled to execute.  Thanks Shane!  Thanks Car-X!p.s.  I didn't buy the car and I told the dealer to take a hike.  :-)
5	Shane, the manager, has been very patient and friendly. I was in a hurry, and had to get the car fixed by the end of a Saturday. Normally, business closes at 3 pm, but in order to get the job done, they kept working on it and made sure everything works right until 4 pm. I had been a very annoying customer - calling them every other hour since 9 am to keep track of progress, yet Shane has been patient and friendly all the time.
4	I have been here for regular stuff like oil change, buyer's check etc. The people here seem trustworthy. I am giving a 4 star only because I have been going here for the past 3 months only.
4	Had to have my brakes completely replaced and the staff was decently helpful and the job was reasonably priced. Just make sure to ask for the student discount because they won't give it to you automatically.
3	Easy to schedule and they are the few shops that's open at weekends. Their $50 special of oil change, tire rotation and wiper change is a good deal. Other than that it's pretty similar to other shops. Long wait sometimes. An hour wait for an oil change
5	They were able to fix my car at a reasonable price within the time they quoted me. They went above and beyond to find the source of my cars water issues and dry out my interior. They even showed me how I could save time and money by fixing it myself.Nice owners. Haven't had problems since going there, would recommend. Parking lot is tiny that's the only problem.
