1	I was in the market for a black floral embossed belt (no giant buckle) I knew exactly what I wanted, but wanted to try it on first, and possibly support a local business rather than order one over the internet. Granted I do not look like the typical type of person who might frequent this establishment as; I'm white, I was wearing Lucky Jeans, a Locoste shirt, Chuck Taylors, and a Cardinals hat (I don't know how one would classify that look, I certainly didn't think criminal intent when I was dressing that morning).I walked in, scanned through the assortment of belts by the door, and then at the belts behind the counter, they were all slightly more "attention grabbing" than I was looking for. I was asked if I needed help by the young lady at the register, I replied that I was good, I then walked out and got in my car to drive away. It was at this point that a large man rushed out the door behind me grimacing and angrily staring at my car as he wrote my license plate down. I put my car in reverse and asked him if I had done something wrong, he replied they had been robbed and I told him I had no criminal intent I was just looking for a belt. This didn't seem to placate the beast as he aggressively informed me he was forced to do this (like almost accusing me of being a potential robber and trying to intimidate me against the course of action).I don't know if this is the policy for all their customers or just any gringo's foolish enough to think they would be welcomed in this establishment. However the encounter was quite unsettling and I really would recommend you avoid this store unless you want to be made to feel like a criminal for no reason. Also for the record, I'm a medical professional and I make $30 an hr, THE LAST THING on my mind was robbing or stealing. Silly belts and supporting the local economy yes; robbing and stealing no.
5	Excelent. Friendly And courteous staff. Me Hernandez and his family were great!!! Loved the experience!! Their merchandise and the variety of brands  was awesome!!!Thanks!!!!!Carlos Diaz
4	If you are looking for western-wear: boots, hats, jeans, belts etc., this is the place to go.  I was looking for a couple pair of cowboy cut Wranglers and I figured Botas El Jibaro would be a good place to start my search.  I was right!  They had a few varieties to choose from as well as a whole slew of other brands.  The staff there were extremely welcoming and helpful.  While I confused them a bit as a woman searching for mens jeans that would fit me - I'm so tired of the teeny-tiny pockets in women's jeans and remembered I used to wear Wranglers back in the day and loved them - they went out of their way to help me find exactly what I was looking for.  The selection in their store is impressive.  They clearly cater to all needs of Valley cowboys (and girls).
