4	I purchased all my kitchen and bathroom cabinets from C & F when I remodeled my home.  Everything was pretty good until I had a warranty claim.  They had a falling out with the manufacturer and I was trapped in the middle.  We are indeed working it out and C & F is trying to get this fixed but the manufacturer is not willing to do much of anything to support the cause. It has taken some persistence but the owner will work to try to make it right.
5	I wanted to say that the customer service given by Dennis and Kas from Cabinets by C & F is some of the very best in the industry! I work for a luxury appliance manufacture and I recommend them every day or the week!!
5	We buy cabinets from Cabinets by C & F all the time. As a General Contractor, we want to pass on good quality and customer service to our clients. With Cabinets by C & F we are able to do just that. They have never missed an install date in 7 years of service. Way to go C & F!
5	I cannot say enough good things about this company.  First of all, you would expect a local business to be more expensive than a big box, but no, their bid came in less!  Kas, the owner, personally worked with me for several weeks designing the perfect kitchen for me.  Her input was right on about everything and she worked dilligently to put everything into the kitchen that I needed and wanted, sometimes offering alternatives that saved me quite a bit of money and that I would have never known about.  The installers were timely, neat, quick, and experienced.  This company also has a shop so if a modification is necessary they can do it, again, something NOT available from a big box store. and also helps make sure your price on countertops is competitive.  Kas and Dennis, her husband and co-owner, also show up at the installation to check on the progress and to make sure everything is perfect. I will be doing another kitchen in my other home in northern AZ soon and Kas and C&F will certainly be my business of choice to do my kitchen.  I want to LOVE that kitchen as much as the one I already did.
