4	A gay bar for the man's man, open every day of the week. Mostly a jeans and a leather crowd, this bar is a fun place to dance and meet the locals. Sunday is karaoke night. a entertaining event! A good place to meet and hook up. A very dark bar with good beer specials.Never a cover!
4	Pure fun. French and english spoken here, and the staff are attractive and helpful. Monday and Tuesday karaoke (with French-speaking host) are riotous and entertaining.The music is some of the best, and there is a fun dance floor. You will also probably find a date for the night here, because Le Stud is cruisy hot!
3	It is fun, and large, and crowded even when other clubs are empty. I just wish the bartenders were interested in serving drinks. Maybe it is a cultural thing, but they often take a long time doing nothing before getting around to seeing if you would like to order something. I still keep going back. These aren't the hottest guys ever, but they are typically friendly and there is a fun dance floor.
3	DISCLAIMER: I am a straight female.So, the story goes like this:After shopping with my travelling buddy ( gay male - I was shopping, he wasn't ftr ), we wanted to be in a bar drinking for THE RAPTURE 2011.Stopped in at a fantastic locals bar on St.Laurent called Barfly and got our Rapture drank on.In short, we made lots of friends there. ( Very cool place, separate review on Barfly). And our new local, gay-dude friends invited us to dance at Le Stud which they frequent.Obviously, I know better to head somewhere not appropriate for me and my travelling partner is also VERY sensitive to this as well.But our new friends assured us it would be fine.It was the first night of Disco night in the upper bar. I was DEFINITELY not welcome at the downstairs bar where my friend tried to get us drinks before we headed upstairs. Fine, I get it. I was the only chick there - which didn't really bother me and I kind of expected.Headed upstairs to disco night and HAD A BLAST. Still the only chick in the place but was served drinks by a friendly bartender, and I danced my ass off. Typically not a dancer but the place was bumpin', the music was great and everyone was dancing. And NO ONE up there seemed to care that I was there having a good time dancing.In fact, they were quite welcoming. Phew!A few other girls showed up about an hour into the evening.Overall, I liked this place. For the gays: The place was huge and had great DJs - upstairs and down- and there were tons of dudes. Seemed like a total pick-up joint.For me, I had a great time upstairs at Disco night and was glad I pushed through the initial cold shoulder downstairs.Bathrooms were a bit of an issue for me. But again, to be expected.I hope they continue Disco night and continue to be cool to straight chicks upstairs cause it really was A LOT fun.
3	Quite an interesting place...various little dens and warrens scattered about the place.Plenty of bars mean there are plenty of places to get a drink.  The video room upstairs was playing some awesome jams from the 80's when I was there and the tiny dance floor was packed.    There's a room that has some type of video gaming machines and those were all taken by serious looking dudes who haven't seen sunlight in years.I'm not sure what vibe this place is going for, but I found it kind of relaxed and enjoyable.  We went in through the back alley into some door at the back and avoided the line outside.  I'm not sure if we were supposed to do that or not but it felt kind of cool to do that.
4	I visited Montreal for the first time with friends for NYE 2013/2014 and hung out at Le Stud a couple of nights. We first arrived on Sunday and the bar had more people than I expected and the music was really good. You could tell that the DJ was enjoying the music as well, which I love to see. The bartenders were super sweet, one by the back bar who was featured in some ads was super sexy and sweet. Another "Michael" tended to me and my group and was very sweet, we spoke slowly as he didn't know much English but he didn't see annoyed by that which is nice. We went back around 1:30 or so on New Years and the music wasn't as good downstairs as that Sunday night but it also seemed to be dying down a bit which is cool. The place looked like a little version of the Eagle here in NYC and was nice & clean. I would definitely go back on my next trip there.
2	Really on the fence with my rating, but this bar left a bad final impression on me. I probably would've left a 4 star review, had I not encountered the door/coat check guy. Came to Montreal for 5 nights, and ended up here almost every night. Visited all the other bars, and found Le Stud to have the most laid back atmosphere and down to earth guys. Drinks - I feel bad for anyone who actually lives in Montreal, because their automated drink-pouring-system is horrendous. Do NOT expect to get any sort of strong drink here, or anywhere in Montreal. You're most likely better off getting shots and/or beers. Luckily, they seemed to have different drink specials every night. Atmosphere - The place is kind of big. There are four different "areas", each with their own bar and 3 out of 4 had their own dance floor. It's a good set up: not so different/spaced out that it feels disjointed, but spaced out enough so you really don't have to ever wait for a drink. They also have their own little "back patio" with benches where you can smoke. Heat lamps, even. The bad...Came here my last night, and sat at the bar. I was carrying my hat, jacket, and gloves, as I had all week, without problem. Many/most other patrons had jackets and hats as well. Had a few drinks, then went outside for a smoke. Came back in, and the doorman told me that I had to get coat check because I was "all snowy." I was standing outside under a balcony and was not at all snowy. I asked if I had to get coat check, as only a few other patrons had used the coat check service. He said that yes, I had to. I then left. Ive never heard of anything like this in my life before. If you require coat check, everyone should have to use it. Not sure what was going on, but it really ticked me off.
