5	What a dining experience! From the valet to the last bite of dessert this place was top notch.  The service was absolutely amazing, the decor warm and cozy, and the food was delectable, flavorful, perfect in every way. Toscano is located in The Park at 3900 plaza, next to the old Firefly where the former Ruth Chris/Kelly's Steakhouse were. I think Toscano is going to fare much better than its predecessors though. Appetizer - tuna tartare. This was awesome. Fresh and delicious served beside perfectly seasoned crispy crostini.Salad - Caprese salad. This was a large salad, so my boyfriend and I were able to share it. This just knocked my socks off. I have never had such a delicious caprese salad in my life. As I write this review I want to jump into my car and drive over there for some more! Four large slices of tomato topped with delicious, buttery mozzarella, shaved strips of basil, and served with kalamata olives. The amount of oil and seasonings was perfect. Hands down - BEST CAPRESE EVER.Main course - surf and turf. My boyfriend and I decided to share this since the tuna tartare and caprese were large enough portions. I don't eat meat, but he said the steak was phenomenal. The lobster was served with drawn butter, absolutely perfect.  It came baked, and though I usually prefer mine steamed it didn't make any difference last night! Dessert - we opted for the traditional tiramisu. I loved how it was served in a martini glass - definitely added to the presentation. And of course - it was to die for!We ended up dining pretty late - in fact we were the last ones there. The servers and staff never let on that we were keeping them. They were absolutely great about everything.I'd definitely recommend this place for a nice night out. I'd even go there with my friends for a nice glass of wine, to share a dish, and split a dessert.  If I could give this place 10 stars I would! It is a quiet, family owned restaurant, and the values of hard work and dedication show in their food, presentation, and service. Definitely go check them out.
4	Rare is the opportunity to visit a place like Vegas and stumble across a brand new restaurant. We found ourselves in that position at Toscano. We walked in on just its second night of business. It was the Presidents' Day weekend, so Vegas was jam packed. Yet this stunning spot was largely empty. At first we didn't understand why, and we continued to be perplexed as excellent food was delivered by a highly solicitous service staff. We learned later that the restaurant was just getting started.As for the food - maybe the best calamari I ever had, served with delicious marinara sauce; excellent fresh shellfish--some of it in a pleasing cioppino and the rest in a linguine dish; solid escargot (some French dishes, too!); terrific ravioli in lobster sauce; and elegant truffle mashed potatoes.The dining rooms are magnificient. Dark wood and leaded glass. We were told this used to be a Ruth's Chris Steak House, so the new proprietors walked into a nearly turn-key space.          Toscano is in a highly competitive environment in a tough town. We wish them well and hope they have a long run. If you go, you will, too.
5	This place is amazing party of 6 amazing service, every meal was delicious, had to save room for desert made by a side cart. Live music, live lobster, no wait for this 12,000 sq foot restaurant.
3	food is fair at best..so bland with little taste. Boring sauces with little flavor. The quality of the ingredients are very good. The service and atmosphere are tops .  Hire a new chef!! I won't return. A restaurant for the 65 and over crowd. Live bar music for the 70 and over crowd. So many better options to choose from.
5	Not just a dinner out, but a delightful dining experience with excellent food, attentive service provided by our waiter, Ciprian, and wonderful ambiance highlighted by live music.
2	We went here on Valentines Night to see our favorite performer Windy. Service is confusing, we had 3 staff waiting on us. They lack expertise.  We ordered many appetizers and a bottle of wine to enjoy the music in the lounge. It took over 45 minutes and our order was still not fufilled. The food that was delivered was pretty good and we enjoyed all.However, you have to be patient as this is a newly opened place.
5	Great food! Exceptional service thank you tommy. Definitely a great dining experience. Will be a regular here. Vegas hidden gem.
5	Two words: MIND BLOWING.  For an off strip restaurant, my dinner party and I were blown away.  Our server was Alessandro and was amazing.  Ask for him!  His knowledge of the menu, service and overall care for us was about as good as it gets.  Super personable, funny, informative and nice.  We all had pasta of various types and really it was fantastic.  Tuna tartare starter was great... but at the end... the cherries jubilee??  That was the star of the show.  We'll be back.  Please try this place out.  Just a short taxi or 15 minute walk from the convention center area if you're in town for an exhibition of some sort.
4	This used to be the old Ruth's Chris Steakhouse, so the interior appointments were elegant.  I understand the business only recently opened, but it was Saturday night in Vegas and the town was packed , but at 8 pm the place was nearly empty.  We ordered the kale salad with lemon vinegrette, excellent, and a fois gras appetizer, tender, rich and delicious.  The main course was a chicken parm, well-prepared, but did not have much in the way of Italian marinara flavor. It was more like a pan fried piece of chicken with melted cheese.  ($26).  Everything here is a la carte, so it didn't even come with a side dish of pasta. Service was very good , but my overall impression of the restaurant was "overpriced" and "good," but not excellent under Las Vegas standards.
5	I'm hooked!!! I use YELP a lot. However, OPEN TABLE sent me a NEW restaurant open thing. So, me & my woman went to check it out. I was back the next day!!! Enough said! Lol people check this place out. I know it's a rule of thumb to wait about 6-months before going into a fairly new place...so the can get the kinks out. Just go I think you'll love it. ENTERTAINMENT for sure
1	I hate to disagree with my fellow Yelpers, but my husband and I were so disappointed with this place. The decor is beautiful, just intimate enough, but it was ruined by the obnoxious entertainment coming from the lounge!  It was difficult to carry a conversation and the performer was terrible!  And, we were seated at a booth and could hear the noise coming through the wall from the kitchen!  The only thing worse than the noise, was the food. Under seasoned calamari and undercooked pasta.  The service was the only remarkable part of the evening. Top notch staff!  Hopefully they can match their food to the service someday.
3	New for me, but they seemed to give us that "why are you eating here" vibe.... Food was just ok and didn't have me thinking i should return... The food was just ok, and really overpriced... But what do you expect from an italian joint on paradise... Buca is not even a quarter mile away... we shared a Cesar salad and calamari and chicken parmesan and... this came to 58 dollars... Normally someone would order this just for one... for that price you can feed a family of 4 at Buca....
5	Please don't pass this place by. A few blocks off the strip but a few blocks closer to perfection. Went there for our 31st anniversary and it couldn't have been better. Went last year to Ramsays Steak and they sucked.Great service, great food. Good wine list that doesn't break the bank. Go check out the menu. Everything we had and I mean everything was perfect. Rib Eye was so flavorful and filling. Caesar Salad was wonderful. If you get the chance ask to be in Slater's section.Todd will make your Banana's foster and we even had Prosciutto sliced directly at the table as an appetizer which was a first for me. Go give them a try. Great service that is worth every penny. Less expensive than most of the steak houses on the strip.
5	Excellent! I've been the Golden Steer many times this place is right up there.  Great steaks! Big portions-great taste-excellent Malbec & service.  They treated us like kings!  Nice ambience and no crowds. Check it out before the Firefly bunch tires of health inspection raids.
3	I've been totally on the fence about writing a review for Toscano. Had a groupon for $50, but still ended up paying additional $60 out of pocket...for 2 people! And neither of us had steak. Husband reported his lobster ravioli to be flavorful. My duck was two very small breasts...and what I would swear were INSTANT mashed potatoes. As some others have reported, I found everything, from the soup to the sauces, lacking in seasoning. We waited 30 minutes for the finale: creme brulee. I think they made it from scratch; but at least they made it (I've been to so many places in Vegas where it is on the menu, but they never have it!). I kind of felt like they could have comp'ed the cappuccinos we had while we were waiting so long. Service was good and the decor was upscale. My biggest peeve of the night: the chairs were TOO HIGH for the table we were at. I felt like a buzzard,  hunched over my meal. No other huge complaints. Just didn't feel the food was special enough--at those prices--to come back.
5	What an amazing place for dinner. The ambience & service is outstanding.  Francesco was our server. We started with a glass of Pinot then a Caesar salad bread & butter. Our filet was cooked perfectly with the au gratin potatoes as well as the asparagus. (Order the  beranasie sauce) before dessert they brought out lime cello to cleanse our palate. Dessert was the table side banana foster, well worth it. This is a great place for a nice dinner or a special occasion.
4	This is a beautiful restaurant with impeccable service. I ordered the calamari based on the reviews.  It was good, but nothing special.  I agree with some other reviewers that it was under seasoned.The lobster ravioli was very tasty.  The sauce was delicious.The bananas foster did not disappoint.  It was the definite highlight of the meal.  I would not go out of my way to go to this restaurant while in Vegas, but I had a wonderful dining experience here.
5	Hidden secret= no wait times! This newly reopened , new ownership= a new experience! I've been back a few times now!The steaks are top notch! The duck was so amazingly flavorful, accompanied by truffled mashed potatoes! The cioppino was packed with fresh seafood! The caprese sad has the freshest mozzarella and olive oil that I can imagine. The only disappointment is the bread has been changed! Since I don't go out for bread, I'm happy to not feel compelled to eat it all!!!!
1	The service was terrible. I could hear the servers in their service station all huddled together cussing loud enough for me to hear. Not very classy. Needless to say the food was good, but you can get great meals anywhere in this city. Service is what sets it apart. Not a fan
4	Went for an early dinner. Food was great. I even enjoyed their calamari - and I don't like seafood. I ordered the Filet - and it was cooked perfectly. The manager came over, and the wait staff was very attentive. They even offered us complimentary proseco and dessert. Lovely! Will go back when I am in the area again.
5	I am a foodie and love to compare food, steakhouses in particular. I must say that this place ranks with some of the best filet mignon I have had in my life. The service was great atmosphere was nice and everything we ordered was good. Will def be back
5	Too bad 6 stars arent available. We decided on Toscano for our 44th anniversary. Greatest anniversary dinner ever! The food was outstanding, the atmosphere was exactly what you want in an Italian Vegas steak house. Very upscale but intimate. The icing on the cake was our service from Kodi. We mentioned our anniversary in passing and he took it to the top! Brought little complimentary extras to the table during evening making the experience unforgetable. Found our new place for special occasions.
5	My wife Linda and I ate here in late June.  It was a great meal, great service, and great atmosphere.  And it wasn't the cheapest.We felt we got what we paid for.  It is nice to have a place we can dress nicely and feel special  and a little decadent.  I get pasta at Italian, so I can't comment on the steaks other than they appeared to be reasonable priced for the type of restaurant this is.  I had the meat ravioli (braise short rib and truffle I believe) and mad yummy sounds with every bite.  Linda had a flavorful red sauce pasta (not sure what now) and also raved. It didn't hurt that they had primed us with a complimentary glass of bubbly when we entered.  That and the wine we had left us happy and sated.When we met the owner last Tuesday, and raved to him about his establishment, I felt I had to put the same praise online.  Thanks for a great evening.
1	Maybe we caught them on a bad night but we were 1 of 4 tables in the place on a Thursday evening.  The food was average at best and it seemed like something I could have done better at home.  We ordered the veal, osso buco, and some pasta.  The price was way too high compared to the quality of the food.  I felt bad for the waiter because the service was very friendly.
5	prepare to be impressed! i enjoyed the vegetable lunch buffet today which was superb! my mate had the chicken piccata which was accompanied with asparagus spears and mashed potatoes - a basket of warm bread was provided as well. the vino is a bit pricey, but was top of the line and would not deter my return. the ambiance and service remind of bygone days in vegas. give them a try - you will be back!
5	My wife and I had the pleasure of dining here on September 24. Five stars aren't nearly enough to describe our experience. We started with 2 glasses of red wine and a meatball appetizer that was reminiscent of dining at a South Philadelphia Italian restaurant. The meatballs were accompanied by warm bread, which we used to sop up the "gravy." Osso Bocco is my favorite dish and this was the best I ever had. Veal shanks aren't normally meaty, but these were. The high quality of the veal was immediately recognizable and the portion was generous, as well. My wife ordered veal picante, which was also good, but we both agreed that the osso bocco was the star of the evening. When we considered the overall experience, the price was not unreasonable. The atmosphere was relaxing and conducive to leisurely dining, which is a rarity in Las Vegas. The service was right up there, too. The owner provided us with some nice little extras and made us feel like we were guests in his home. This put an already lovely meal, over the top for us. My wife has decided this is where she wants to celebrate her birthday, in January.
4	Had the ciopinno and risotto. Very nice flavor! It is run by Romans who were very friendly and accommodating. The price was reasonable. I would go back again!
1	Saw their lunch sign, 9.99 lunch buffet, decided to stop. The restaurant was nice inside, but empty. When my server came to take my order I said I was having the buffet, this is when he informed me that it's vegetarian, just veggies. I appreciate him telling me before I made the mistake. I feel this is deceptive advertising, had the sign said vegetarian buffet I wouldn't have gone in. So I proceeded to order an Italian chicken dish which was so short of good. Tough, sauce w no zing, nothing I'd ever go back for. I have a bistro on the corner in my neighborhood 50x's better food and 1/3 the price, think ill stick to that.
5	The service was AMAZING!  The food came out quickly and everything was fresh. We had the calamari, which was nice and light. The veal piccata was delicious!  Their spaghetti with pecorino was my second fave... The pasta was cooked to al dente perfection. Their spumoni was dipped in chocolate and was sooo yummy. They even served us complimentary cannoli (thumbs up) and dessert ravioli with caramel on top!  We will definitely be back... Next time for the lobster spaghetti and the seafood risotto. Highly recommended this restaurant!
5	We went there for the lunch special. I'm not sure why yelp said it was closed? We are outside on the patio, under the umbrella, very nice. I got the salmon and my boyfriend got the veal Coleta. They gave us a bottle of wine for $30 which was delicious as was the food! Our Italian  server was nice and very fast! We had a great experience and will definitely be back.
5	Superb service from the entire staff.  I felt like a queen in all her glory.  The brought complimentary bruschetta,  and mini dessert. Very nice touch.  I had the lobster ravioli,  it was perfectly cooked and the sauce was delicious,  and savory.  They also have a vast Wine list to choose from.
