5	I'm all for trying out places that have just opened. After all, they need all the help they can get to bring people in. Fortunately, Kafe 440 (despite the somewhat silly name) is a breath of fresh air as far as breakfast places go. I'm sick of the IHOPs and Denny's everywhere; I want to eat something that tastes fresh and has servers that are personable instead of tired and angry.It's unusual to find a place that focuses solely on breakfast and lunch, especially one that closes at 2pm every day. With those kind of hours, they must be very confident about the menu. I'm glad they are, because the meal I had was great.After my visit today, I'll be sure to be visiting again. My friend had the Chicken Pesto Sandwich (he said it was very good). I decided on the Wine Burger, which I'm glad to say was excellent. It's not easy to find burgers cooked with high-grade beef anymore for less than eight dollars, but 440 does it. It was a little more well-done than I usually have my burgers, but the wine kicked the flavor up so it didn't taste bland at all. Also, I've got to say that I find it hard to dislike a place that offers sweet-potato fries. I have a bit of an obsession with them. These weren't the best sweet-potato fries I've had, but they were still very good. I think the only way to improve them would be to make them a little less buttery. They were still enjoyable, though, and I recommend trying them instead of the regular fries -- it's only 50 cents more. C'mon, you can have french fries anywhere.Of course, Kafe 440 isn't the cheapest breakfast joint on earth, but you can walk away after a full meal paying about 10 bucks. Not too bad, considering that the alternatives tend to be around the same. The quality of food here surpasses most other places, and the location is nice and quiet.No half-stars, so I'll round it up to a five, if only for the friendly service and relaxed atmosphere. Try this place out if you live in the south Tempe or Chandler area. It's certainly worth a visit.
1	We went yesterday and were not impressed. I hadn't seen HSP's review, but would pretty much agree. I'm actually a bit upset that I can't give the place zero stars, because when someone walks away from breakfast hungry because the food was inedible, I don't think the place deserves even one star.I don't think that anybody mentioned this yet, but this is NOT a full service restaurant. One walks in, stands in line and orders at a counter. The menu is painted on the wall behind the soda machine. This is not necessarily a deal killer, but based on the previous Yelp reviews I had expected a sit down and be served kinda place (What can I say? I'm lazy on weekend mornings...)I ordered the pancake breakfast ( "2 pancakes, two eggs and choice of applewood bacon, sausage, ham or turkey" - I got mine with bacon and oatmeal pancakes for $6.99), and my companion ordered the egg white omelet ("egg white filled with roasted turkey topped with  tomato-avocado salsa w/ 9 grain toast and rosemary potatoes" - $6.99).  Croque Madame ("ham, tomato and melted gruyere on sour dough w/ sunny side egg, side of rosemary potato" -  there's mustard on it too, and it was $7.29) is a favorite breakfast treat of my companion, so we decided to order one and share it. We also asked for coffee and water.We were handed ceramic mugs for the coffee, but styrofoam cups for the water. The coffee was in urns on a side table near the register with a self-serve soda machine. The only source of water was the 'water' button on the soda machine. The coffee was ok, nothing particularly bad or good of note. The water from the machine smelled like dead fish and was undrinkable.Breakfast arrived on ceramic plates, but guests must retrieve their own plastic utensils and napkins from the counter. This I don't really understand... If they're going to have to wash the plates and coffee mugs anyway, why not give me real silverware and a water glass???Everything was lukewarm at best when it arrived. I went straight for the eggs while they were at least a bit warm as I'm not a fan of cold eggs. I had ordered them over easy, and they were either over-cooked or had continued to cook on the plate while it was obviously waiting to be delivered. I also had my half of the Croque Madam, which probably could have been tasty had it not been delivered cold. The pancakes were a bit chewy and rubbery but edible. The "applewood bacon" was indistinguishable from bottom shelf, cheap grocery store bacon - thin sliced, soggy, greasy, and cold.The biggest disappointment was my companion's egg white omelet. It was egg whites folded around sliced turkey sandwich meat. It was slightly undercooked, so the interior was turkey covered in uncooked egg white. The "tomato-avocado salsa" consisted of 3 cherry tomatoes sliced in half and about 6, 1/4" cubes of avacado dropped on top of the omelet, there was nothing "salsa" about it. My companion took one bite of the omelet, grimaced, shivered, and didn't touch it again. The omelet and croque madame were served with fried potatoes which were almost completely without color from cooking. Some were cooked through, and some were raw potato in the middle. I can't confirm it, but the lack of color and inconsistent doneness made me suspect that a microwave was involved.The best that my companion could say was "The toast isn't bad", which is good, because that's all she ate.Nothing about my experience at Kafe 440 would give me even the slightest inclination to return. The $2.99 breakfast at the Ikea down the street is far superior in quality and value.
5	I think this place is fantastic.  I live right around the corner from Kafe 440 and this location has had about 6 or 7 restaurants in the past 3-4 years.  I hope Kafe 440 is there to stay.Breakfast:  I've only had the pancakes and they are very good.  I've brought a number of family and friends and each has thought the breakfast was good. Lunch:  This is why I give the place 5 stars.  I've had pretty much every sandwich on the menu and everything is fantastic.  I think the pesto chicken sandwich is the best, but I also really like the Cuban.  And any place that has sweet potato fries is ok in my book.Within the past week, Kafe 440 has changed their hours.  they are only open for breakfast on the weekends, and during the week they have extended their hours until 8p. (11-8p I think)  They said they will have add'l items on the menu for dinner.  I'm hoping dinner is as good as lunch.Edit to add:  Went in for breakfast this morning and it is now closed down.  There is a sign on the door that the landlord has taken over as of 6/1.Boo
