4	Really good wings, delivered quickly, but a little over priced.  Lots of different flavors, if you want to go out for wings, there may be better places, but up there as far as delivery goes. You can find coupons in mail or on the net.
3	While staying at the Homewood Suites in Charlotte, I was told that we could order from Wing Zone and charge it directly to the room, which was a nice little feature.  We got delivery to the room and it was pretty quick.  I had ordered the boneless wings which were tossed in a mild hot sauce.  They were kind of dry and could have used extra sauce on the side (or really they needed to not be cooked and then set under a heat lamp to dry out).  We had also gotten an order of cheese fries to share.  The fries were thick steak-cut wedges that they had covered in shredded mixed cheese that (I'm assuming) they thought would have melted by the time it got delivered, but the fries weren't hot enough so it just had shredded cheese on top.  It wasn't bad, but I think this might be the kind of place that you have to sit there and eat so it all comes out super hot and fresh.
3	The guy taking our order was nice and got my order right.  It didn't take to long for the order to be complete and the price wasn't too bad.  However the wings were not anything to brag about, they have tons of flavors but they don't really stand out.  The frys were good.  I don't think I will be coming back here.
1	I don't even have the words!  Don't even have an app to order if you send an update that the food is out for delivery but I have to call every 20 min wondering where it is
1	I've given this place so many chances with their food because I wanted to give them the benefit of the doubt.. They just kept getting it wrong. The best thing on the menu would probably be the cheese fries, but not because they're particularly good, the rest of the food is just that bad. Any time I've ordered delivery the food has been cold, the driver ignored all instructions, and it's taken about an hour and a half. I'm not sure if they're messing up or if they just don't care. Either way avoid this place. There are LOTS of great wing places in the area, Wing Zone is NOT one of them.
2	My daughter ordered garlic parmesan boneless wings and received original tame. As this was a to go order she didn't go back to get this rectified.  Way too much money for the wrong stuff!
1	Ordered delivery food took two hours and was cold. Wing sauce was spilled all over bag.
