5	Dr. Pulley has the sweetest most genuine demeanor. You trust him instantly. Also, Brittany cleaned my teeth so well, cleaner than anyone else has ever done and it wasn't uncomfortable or painful. He is definitely my new dentist! Highly recommended!
5	Today was my first visit to their office. I have to deal with a problem wisdom tooth. I still haven't figured out what pain has to do with wisdom. Dr Pulley also found a few other issues that needed to be addressed, since it's been a few years since my last dentist retired. I have to say the staff was very pleasant, and they made time for me in their already busy week. My wife and friends have been using Dr. Pulley for some time now, and they have all had great things to say about the services. Dr Pulley performed miracles for one of our friends. I go back to start the real work in 2 days, so I'll fill in some more later.
5	I've been going to Dr. Pulley for about 5 years now, and he never ceases to amaze me.First, he's one of the most gentle dentists I've ever been to. He is forever concerned with my comfort.. and while doing work, often checks in to see how I'm doing.. He pauses.. to make sure I'm ok, and will only proceed if I give him the thumbs up. That is a relief, especially when getting extensive work done.I've needed a lot of dental work over the past few years.. and despite dreading the Novocain needle... Dr. Pulley is by far the BEST at administering it. He's got that technique down cold.He has a great sense of humor... and really is an all around great guy. He also stands by his work. If there are any issues with the outcome of any work, he addresses it right away. He does whatever it takes to make it right. He is a perfectionist, and when it comes to my teeth, that's just the kind of dentist I want working on them... someone who takes pride in their work and who does a great job. Dr. Pulley also surrounds himself with a great staff. Judy, Alice and all of the dental technicians are wonderful people. There is a good vibe when you enter the office.. and plenty of smiles and laughter to go around.I love having a dentist who has EXPERIENCE. He's worked hard to hone his skill, and he keeps up with the latest technologies. He is forever learning... growing... striving. So, I do feel I get the best treatment and have access to the latest dental technologies available.If you want a dentist who provides excellent dental care with good ole fashioned customer service, Dr. Pulley is the one for you.
