2	We walked into Creelers late evening on Easter Sunday because it was one of the few restaurants in the area still serving food at that hour. The place has a tiny, cozy bistro-ish feel to it which was nice.The prices are pretty expensive, though; but to be fair the more expensive entrees appeared to be more complex. I got the pate (which is a starter on the menu) and a side of ratatouille, which came out to about 10 pounds total. The pate and ratatouille were really delicious, but tiny in portion. Luckily, I wasn't that hungry. For the food and price, I'd say it was an average experience.
4	If you're a seafood enthusiast, then get along to Creelers for a taste of some super fresh, really, really decent dishes.I came along here at festival time in August, so the place was buzzing, being right on the main strip of Fringe revelry. All the fish here is obviously very carefully sourced and of high quality, as one of the owners of Creelers is a fisherman, who brings seafood fresh to the restaurant on a daily basis. The inside of Creelers has that clean, polished surfaces and not too fussy look to it that I think always looks great in seafood restaurants. The dishes served here are classic and not extravagantly complicated, but it's classic done very well, with the chargrilled fillet of Loch Duart salmon and the fresh mussels with white wine, shallots and parsley being firm favourites for me. There are also meat options, and dishes with a bit of a twist to them, like the spiced seafood laksa and jasmine rice.
4	Some people say that this place is a tad too expensive, but I feel that you get what you pay for here.The fish is so incredibly fresh, and their ethos is fantastic. They get their catches in fresh throughout the week, and use bycatches frequently in order to save out on food waste and to keep their menus interesting. I enjoyed the scallop dish, with mussels and a smoked haddock cream sauce (lookie here!: http://www.yelp.co.uk/biz_photos/en5sEOLjz9RJAkW3TKFlEw#6wiaPJY7QijTnbw_MlF92g) . It. Was. Fantastic. I highly recommend ordering it when you're in! The service here is really great too, and the owners are very kind and great at giving recommendations. I will be returning here the next chance I get!
4	This place is right next to the Ibis hotel. I thought the food was excellent and so did the hubs. I had a smoked salmon salad-so good. We enjoyed everything, from the appetizer to the desert. We actually had wanted to have dinner there again the next night but when we walked up it was closed. Sad face.
