4	There are 3 levels in this place, one level is a dance floor. I went on a Wed night, it's totally empty at around 10. Drinks r pricy and small. From the name, the place sounds serious and it does look so - wooden interrier. There was live music when I was there and big screen TVs showing hocky. It's not my taste but it is a landmark - the first bar on Cresent!
3	The food was pretty good, the waitresses were a sight for sore eyes, and the selection of booze is excellent. Oh, and the chocolate cake was magnifique.
4	I am a tourist, so tourist trap or not, I thought the food and service was good. We don't have these bars/pub thing in the states, so I wanted to take my husband to one and get the Canadian experience. I ordered the fish and chips which are probably some of the best I've had - ever (even including those in England). The fish was extremely mild, the food was hot and light - not greasy. Fries get a huge thumbs up too for the perfect mix of mushy insides and crispy outsides.My husband had a frenchified version of a cheesesteak. Lettuce, tomato, brie and real steak on a baguette. Different, from the Philly version I love but yummy. We ordered Poutine, a local favorite, which was good but not outstanding.Waitress was relatively attentive and friendly. We were there early on Valentines day so people were coming in in drips and drabs. Only spotted one other tourist group though, so there must be something worthwhile for locals to come back for. Perhaps the two for one specials? All in all, I would recommend it.
2	Not exactly a chic hangout, but does it's job with cheap drinks, and heated outdoor seating so you can enjoy the views of bustling Crescent St.  I was there on a weeknight, and several  small groups filled the lookout, but the place was so spacious that we were able to have our privacy.  Service was a little spotty as it took 3 of us to flag down a waitress when it wasn't even busy.  It's a great meeting place to start the night with a drink or two, but I don't recommend staying.
3	This is a hard rating for me - as an establishment I had no issue with service, the drinks I ordered were strong, it was dead on a Monday night but packed on a tuesday, on the Monday the bar man was actually nice enough to give us good recommendations of where would actually be busy. I was dragged back Tuesday, at 2am I was sober and ready for bed, but with a friend who insisted on dancing. Fine, I go. She goes on the dance floor, I sit at the edge of it. I find out it's so packed because drinks are $2.50. Insanely drunk men then proceed to assume me sitting along at the side of the dance floor playing on my mobile phone means "you should really come and drunkenly hit on me." Obviously they haven't heard of serve it right here. One drunk patron yelled at me when I declined an offer of a drink. No bar staff to be seen for me to complain to. So I left.I think this place would be really fun on a less busy night, or if you are counting on being one of the people who has over consumed.
4	This place is fun! It was nice out both times we went (yes we went twice because we liked it) so we sat on the 2nd floor terrace each time. It has a nice view of all the bars on the street and all the beautiful women of Montreal. The cocktails are decent and our waitress was awesome. She gave us ideas of great french places to go around the city. Overall, this pub was a fun experience.
3	Pretty fun spot. Food is not amazing, but it's outdoor seating makes up for that. Cheese and fruit appetizer is quite good, I think appetizers and drinks are swc's specialty.
4	Ah, to be in le Rue Crescent on game night.  Pretty much a solid bar to be for in a hockey game (even though I could care less about the local Habs-- GO BLACKHAWKS!), the tri-level bar, friendly waitresses with red miniskirts that'd make a Hooters girl blush and a dance floor for post drink number twenty.  You have to order food separately than drinks which is a bit of a pain but the new menu has pig knuckles so minus one plus one.  Whoever below said they have strong drinks must be a Canadian; this is sadly a country of strictly metered pours.
3	I'm visiting Montreal for the first time, and we ate dinner here tonight. We had walked down Rue Crescent earlier in the day and it looked like it would be a busy place at night. We were right. The street was packed. Mostly younger people, out for a friday night. We went to Churchill's, and the inside was EMPTY. We also wanted to eat ouside, so we asked for a table. We were warned that it was crowded, but we were fine with it. As someone mentioned below, you have barely an inch between tables. You may as well just hug the person as you sit down, because you're gonna wind up touching more of them. I got my usual, caesar salad with grilled chicken and my friend got the steak and brie on a baguette. We also got an order of the poutine (neither of us had tried it). Food was meh. Poutine wasn't as gross as I thought it'd be ... Our waitress was very friendly. We just weren't that impressed with it. The atmosphere was fun, but the drinks were expensive for us.Great place if you're a college student, or out to get drunk and party, and want decent but not superb food.
1	I was in Montreal for my bachelor party.  After seeing the place packed all day and all night, we decided to stop in there for a bite early one afternoon after a night of drinking.  Couldn't be that bad right?  Wrong!  This place was horrendous.  Their version of Iced Tea?  Lipton Brisk.  Chicken sandwich?  About as moist as eating a pencil eraser.  Crab cakes?  They literally tasted like hush puppies... and not even good ones at that.  After having eaten some for an appetizer, it was too late to send the main course back and ended up with four of those horrendous things.  Out of the 5 of us only one guy was able to finish his food - he got the bagel with lox and cream cheese.  Simply put - this place is a tourist trap.
5	My friends and I came here pretty much every night while visiting on spring break, and it never got old.  The music was great, there was a lot of dancing, good drinks, great crowds.  I'd definitely return if I was in Montreal again.
3	Super chill during happy hour, a little raucous at night.Loved the comfy, red velvety vibe of the upstairs part of the bar. At happy hour, the service was divine, some good 2 for 1 beer specials, and a free hot-plate buffet (the mushroom pizza slices makes for unbelievably great appetizers when guzzling beer.) Also, they had the best selection of glassware of any bar I've ever seen. That might not seem like a meaningful point to most, but I think there's great value to getting the right glass with the right drink. My party of three all ordered different kinds of beer and each was served in a different glass. superb!At night, the mood changes, as the downstairs turns into a dance club, so the upstairs totally SUFFERS from the obnoxious bass-booming that emanates from down below... try having a conversation between the bass below and the hockey game on the tv above, and it begins to get either irritating or comical... so bring your sense of humor after 9pm.
2	Don't like it.  Annoying doormen won't let you in unless they like what you're wearing, meanwhile it's 90% guys and the music is loud and terrible.  Drinks aren't cheap either.  Crap atmosphere for Crescent St.It's fine in the day when it isn't a nightclub though, 2nd floor patio is nice enough.
3	We originally went downstairs where it seemed to be pretty empty which we found attractive.  However, before we could even think of where to sit the loudest bass on this planet (and maybe beyond) could be heard so we made our escape and ran upstairs where it reeked of cigarettes (maybe from the people in the terrace?) but seemed like a cool enough gigantic bar.  We sat, got served right away.  I order a shot of whisky which is hard to screw up so I have no complaints about that.  The rest of my peeps (3) had beers which seemed to be sub-par at best.  One person said the two different beers they had tasted as if a dirty sock had been sitting in it.  There were two desserts ordered: a chocolate mousse cake and an apple pie.  I did not have any but was told both were excellent.  An oldies cover band started playing.  They were very enjoyable (five stars for the band!) but because I was tired and because I was tired of the bass from downstairs massaging my behind as it made the floor and chairs shake my husband and I left, leaving our much younger friends behind.  The following morning they told us they left shortly after due to about 20 billion 18 year olds coming in.In conclusion: This might be a great place if you are really, really, really young but for an old hag like me...  I think I'll stay away  :)
2	This place is sloppy and out of control. Only head here if you want an outrageous night. I know the locals make fun of this place, but if you're with a big group you can manage to have a lot of fun.The guys are skeevy and the girls dress slutty, but you can make the best of it. The drinks are a little price-y, but there are multiple floors. I think the covers can be steep on weekend nights but it's open really late and there's fun music.One of the other reviewers mentioned coming here lots during a spring break trip, and that's exactly what this place is meant for. Defeinitely not your average night or even every Saturday.
2	Yes, I am writing a review while traveling. Some things are just worth talking about as soon as you can so you can move on. That's pretty much the case for this place so here I am. We stopped mid-day on the Thursday before the Canadian GP to have a beer and soak up the street party/festival outside. They had open tables, had poutine on the menu and it seemed like prices would be comparatively decent. $19 for a pitcher of good beer wasn't bad, but everything else was pretty much crap. With it's marginal bar food and wet floors, it's obviously a place where people (who aren't us) party into the wee hours, spill drinks on each other and swap communicable diseases. Definitely not my thing.
3	Good Bar in Canadia. It got quite busy after 10 and the ruckus was as usual chaotic and out of control. In fact this place got sloppy fast I even saw a midget fighting a french lady. Where are the bouncers? And why am I still waiting on that G&T. WTF.... 3 stars for chaos only. If you just want to drink I think you need to go elsewhere
2	I heard good things but was kind of let down.  They had great drink specials for happy hour on a Friday (2 for 1) but the free buffet was not very enticing.  Just some small pieces of pizza and some chips and popcorn.The bartenders are really friendly and they played cool 70's funk tunes.  The downstairs got a decent crowd as the night went on.  Not great music though.  Better spaces on Crescent to hit up.
3	Oh the things I have seen here. A lovely combination of disgusting and endless comic relief. If you go in only with the expectation of seeing a sh*t show, you will not be disappointed.The locals know this as a tourist spot, but will come on occasion (likely to prey on young, drunk Americans).To re-iterate a commonly used word in other reviews: sloppy.
4	Sir Winston Churchill Pub attracts a pretty young, mostly college-aged, somewhat-international, certainly-touristy type of crowd. So, just by getting a good stereotypical read on the level of responsibility each of these sub-groups possesses, you can pretty much guarantee this place is a Goddamn party. That, and it's named after one of the most famous, most unapologetic drunks in world leader history.Anyway, upon entering, we were tasked with a choice of live band upstairs or DJ downstairs. We went the DJ route and I've gotta believe we made the right decision, because whoever was on the turntables was pretty much killin' it. Even if the playlist that night was mostly Top 40 hits mixed with a bit of house, he read the room right to get everyone out on the dance floor and making sufficient fools of themselves. I'm tellin' you, I haven't seen this many people grindin' up on one another since my teenage years at the Jersey Shore. Those were special times.Next, every bartender here is a ten. I think the guys in my entourage drooled over these girls more than the ones dancing for money at various gentlemen's clubs around town. Hypothetically speaking, of course.There was a VIP section of sorts, with ice buckets for bottles built right into the tables, but this was mostly a place for moving around, so only a group or two of bros opted for that whole sparkler service ordeal. For us, we called it as we saw it - one of those dancing-and-drinking hot spots disguised as an English pub. And because it has the real estate (not to mention the outdoor patio), I imagine this place to be a big hit on holidays, be it Halloween or St. Patty's or some random Spring Break. Crescent was built for shit-shows and Sir Winston's certainly isn't lookin' to break this expectation.I honestly couldn't tell you how much drinks cost here, which should speak to how good of a time I had simply by the fact that I signed my tab without scrutiny. Really, whatever the cost, Sir Winston's was worth it.
4	i came here a couple times during my stay in montreal.. beers are relatively cheap by the pitcher.. and if you can get a seat upstairs.. it's great for people watching..
4	So, everyone has different reviews for different experiences. My friend and I were visiting Montreal and we stopped in for a drink and the infamous, poutine. The bartender was lovely; super friendly and really accommodating to all of our touristy questions. The poutine was delicious, my beer was cheap. We sat downstairs. This place is HUGE. Our hotel wasn't too far from it, so we got to peek at what it is like at night and eh...I could understand some of the reviews. I'd recommend happy hour or lunch, but maybe not so much that night scene.
3	we went for the football, plain & simple. not a lot of options around if you want (need) to watch an NFL game. the place was HUGE & pretty empty on a sunday afternoon. bartenders were real nice, food looked decent. if you're looking for friendly, casual spot to watch your team... this is it.
3	Not sure we went to the pub. i'm pretty sure we were directed to the Club part of this establishment. There was a mix of tourists, hoochie girls, really sloppy and drunk frat boys. Not horrible but not really my scene. The bartenders were nice though
3	If you're like me you'll want to go upstairs on weekend nights.  That's where the band is playing.  If you're not like me, you can go downstairs to where the DJ plays and is a significantly younger crowd gathers.  Although you can hear the booming coming through the floor every time the band stops playing, and sometimes even when the band is playing!Food is decent, particularly for a pub.  Service is good there and the beer is cold!  There are plenty of TVs to watch a game if that's your thing.
3	Friendly staff...young crowd...everybody seems to be desperate to get laid....the underground area is pretty boring....there is a "dance floor" where nobody dances, it lacks ambiance, no mirror ball, no lights, no laser beams...if you want people to dance and have a good time spend a bit of money and create some ambiance.
1	1) Being threatened by the waitress that we were not drinking fast enough and that unless we reordered more drinks, she would ask us to leave as we were monopolizing a table (Note: Half the place was empty)2) A different time, being rudely asked by the waitress to give more tips as 15% for poor service wasnt enough.The only reason this place exists is because of its tourist trap location and constant influx of new students who go there every year to get wasted. AVOID.AVOID.AVOID.AVOID.AVOID.AVOID.AVOID.AVOID.AVOID.AVOID.AVOID.AVOID.AVOID.AVOID.AVOID.AVOID.AVOID.AVOID.AVOID.AVOID.AVOID.AVOID.AVOID.AVOID.AVOID.AVOID.AVOID.AVOID.AVOID.AVOID.AVOID.AVOID.AVOID.AVOID.AVOID.AVOID.AVOID.
3	"Lets go to Jello Martini bar and shake our booties! yay!!!" "what the eff it's freezing rain outside?""Forget that sh*t, lets just go some place close by"That's how I ended up at Sir Winston Churchill Pub. Fellow reviews say this place is a touristy spot, and I guess since I was a tourist in your fine city, I would have to verify that statement to be true. My feelings about this spot are quite mixed. The bartender was great and had such a fun personality that to be honest, if it were not for her bringing together the various patrons at the bar and her liveliness, it probably would have been a very blah night. When my friend and I arrived a bit before 9:30, (seeing that the Metro stops at 12:30) this pub/club was nearly empty. There are 4 large bars on the lower level and ample booths and cozy seating options, so maybe the space fills up later in the night, but don't come early and expect a popping dance floor. Here's what is probably the biggest draw back of this bar- the weirdass system they have going on behind the bar. Because it was early and the crowd small, my friend and I got alot of attention for the bartender. She was recommending shots to us and explaining some cool shopping options in the area, and during this time, we watched as she whipped up cocktails for other thirsty tourists. Everything she poured was entered into the computer and the serving size was monitored to the T. The system even went as far as not allowing her to pour vodka into a mixed drink where the ingredients called for amaretto. Talk about control freak. So in result, drinks come out pretty weak. Last drink kinda soft and you request just a tad more rum to your coke this time around? sorry, no can do. Seems like a big bummer to me. In this event, I ordered a beer. Some kind of apricot pale ale that was quite refreshing. We also ordered up 2 shots and they were probably the best 2 shots I've had. See, shots can go 2 ways- super sugary (yet delicious) but lacking in alcohol content OR they can be burn-your-throat and make-your-eyes- water strong while tasting like crap. These two shots though, one was named koolaid something or the other was all alcohol, yet it tasted delish. The second, a broken down golf cart was sweet, very sweet but yummy. It was melon liqueur,  amaretto and vodak (I think) in the shot glass, which was then put in a glass of pineapple juice. If I lived in Montreal, I'm not sure I would come here, I have a feeling there are better places, but it was cool for a wet/cold night where I didn't feel like walking too far.
4	I can't comment on their food or nightlife but I was here on a Saturday afternoon to take in a few beers and people watch.I can see how it might get rowdy at night since people were well on their way during the early afternoon. Our waitress didn't push food on us and was attentive with our drinks.I would say that cresent street is pretty much a tourist trap but if you are a tourist like me and staying near St Cathrine street then I can tell you that there isn't much else going on specifically at night that is walking distance.
3	Being on one of the most tourist-trap streets of Montreal, you can expect some hustle and bustle, you can also expect a rushy type of service once in a while, or the occasional waitress who will be pushy about her tips. However, I only come to Sir Winston Churchill's for two things, and two things only. ONE - To sit on their terrasse and people (or tourist) watch along Crescent street.TWO - For their 5-8 happy hour (unlike most that are 5-7).They have great specials on beer and house wine, they even have a few tables in the back that serve free popcorn, pizza, sandwiches, chips, and veggies with dip. If you want actual food, then I'd recommend the wings (one of the best I have tried in Montreal), or their burger. The pub is also great for watching sports, as they have a few TV's dispersed inside.All in all, it's not such a bad place, it has got its perks and can be fun, but don't expect anything stellar.
3	Went to Montreal to visit some fam and needed something to get into later that night, so my cousin brought us out to Sir Winston. It's a restaurant slash club, I don't know anything bout the restaurant side to this place. This is all about da club.  Sir Winston is on a real crowded street with other clubs, bars and a lot of party goers. You're right in the middle of nightlife central so if you're not happy with the place you can always leave and find something else to get into. Small cover to get in Sir Winston can't quite remember how much but nothing to make you think twice about going in. The downstairs area is pretty big and spaced out with all the action converging on the dance floor. There's about three separate bars and some couches scattered about as well. The drinks were kina pricey and under sized, but what's new? The hot bartenders in tight red dresses kina make up for the price of the drink. Shrug.  Oh yeah, the beer bottles are a bit smaller than what you've come to expect in the states, so don't freak out thinking you're hand has freakishly grown overnight when they hand you an undersized Heineken bottle.I definitely wouldn't call it a mixed crowd, mostly white girls and white guys in their 20's partying hard and having a good time with a few of us colored peoples mixed in here and there. The DJ is spinning all the club hits and Top 40 songs to keep the dance floor packed. I wouldn't know a tourist from a local, but I'm pretty sure this is the spot where new party goers and tourist converge to get their groove on. I kina sat back and knocked back Heinekens and some shots wit the fam and friends and hit the dance floor for like a total of ten minutes. it was cool.If your from a big city, I'm pretty sure you've been to a club like this when you were nineteen and your mama just started to let you out the house and you aint know no better, or probably sixteen for all the girls that snuck out that back door.Winston ChurchHiLL it's good for what it is. The crowd is there if you want to party hard, and the space is there if you wana fall back and chill.
4	Best thing about this place is that it's open until at least 4am on a Wednesday night!  I was here on a business trip, and my business likes to drink!  We had closed out another bar earlier in the night (I think it was 1am already), so I called up my friend and she was at Sir Winston Churchill Pub so we met her there.  They were on the terrace which is sweet because it's outside and you can see the whole street full of lights.  I can't really comment on the service because I was kinda drunk, but what I do know is that I was never without a drink, so somebody was serving us quickly enough.  I think they have pitchers of wine which is what I was having.  They also didn't mind us pulling up extra chairs to our section (we had over 10 people in our party), so that was nice.  Inside it was very dark with a long bar and I think a dance floor area.  I met a very nice girl at the bar and we had a nice conversation.  Overall it was a great place to bring people on a late night business trip!!  Wish bars in Cali were open that late!
3	AtmosphereSo this is the place me and my friends would go after classes considering its proximity to Concordia University. We were not picky and we were attracted to the different promos going on Tuesdays and Thursdays. It has three floors, the basement which is considered a club (in all honesty, they shouldn't), the second floor is a nice bar with a live band (usually) and the third floor is Karinas (always empty but a good spot to rent for private events). Needless to say that the spot I usually go to is on the second floor: they don't have a cover on weekends and they have a much better terrace than the basement. The band I usually get when I go is pretty good and the feeling of the place is very casual. It has the same feeling as a McGibbons or an Irish Pub. Winston Churchil gets a 3 stars for the atmosphere. Drinks & FoodI am not a big fan of the drinks served at Winston Churchill. Besides their Sangria, every drink that is not a beer was poorly done. The only positive point that Winston Churchill has over other bars is that it is cheaper. On Tuesdays they have a special which is $2.50 for the drink and $4 the beer, which in my opinion, is a great deal. The food aspect of this place is as you would expect bar food to be (typical nachos and fries) however what is interesting with this place is that the food is not the same from one floor to another (probably because the vibe of the floors are different: the basement being a ''club'' and the second floor being a bar with a pub feel to it). This Montreal bar gets a 2 stars for its drinks.ServiceThe service on the terrace is usually really bad, with the exception of one or two good waitresses. I don't think I have ever got so much attitude coming from a waitress before. However, if you decide to stay inside on the basement level, I would go ask for a bartender called Valerie. She is very nice and talkative and will make sure you have a good night. The service of this Montreal bar gets 2 stars.  LocationThe location of Winston Churchill is particularly good during the summer considering it is located on Crescent street (it's awesome during the Grand Prix weekend) and awesome for when you go to school downtown. Its proximity to metro Guy Concordia makes it really easy to access as well. For all these reasons, Winston Churchill gets 4 stars for its location.The total amount of stars I would allocate to Winston Churchill in general would be 3.
4	We had a delicious lunch outside on the balcony on a perfect September afternoon. We were worn out by a long but enjoyable visit to the Museum of Fine Arts and were happy to sit down in the sunshine and look out on the street and sip a glass of white wine.   The lunch specials were very good. I had a cup of soup and a very nice duck confit for about $15.
3	Came here at the recommendation of the front desk girl at our hotel. We are a couple of gals in our mid-20s and were looking to have some fun at a bar or lounge. There was no cover just a $2 coat check fee, which wasn't so bad. Grabbed a couple of seats by the downstairs bar and ordered a couple of shots followed by a round of mixed drinks. Thought it was interesting that the shots are poured so precisely from a machine, but thought nothing of it. Realized that made for a very weak mixed drink. The bartender was extra sweet so we chatted with her thensat back and enjoyed the music. There was Top 40s music playing. Very good mix. After a while the place started getting crowded, but everyone seemed so young! I mean I know the drinking age here is 18 but I swear there were some preteens sitting next to us. Lol. The preteens swarmed the dance floor and we decided to check out the upstairs. Talk about night and day! Upstairs was a much older crowd listening to a live band play music that couldn't have been made after 1980. It was a good vibe up there, older couples dancing, people lounging. But again not what we were looking for.We felt too old for downstairs and too young for upstairs so we left.
4	We had great burgers on Friday, 11/23/12.  My husband had cheeseburger...traditional style.  I had a Sicilian; no wheat for me, I am gluten free.  The burger was served in their spectacular style with a small head of lettuce (cut in half) which served as a bun.  Also, their serving of french fries was very generous (for husband) and I loved their version of coleslaw.
4	This place is a good tourist spot. You get to meet different people from different places in the world. They have a good live band in the upstairs level. The pub is actually pretty big inside there is multiple bar area to sit, eat, and drink. The downstair level is usually a little less crowded then upstairs and a little more relax. The staff was friendly and good to chat with.
4	This was the best bar in Montreael that I've been to. Drinks are very pricey but it's a "tourist trap" I guess LoL  Pretty good music.
2	Definitely Meh - I've had better. Overall a good generic pub - good live music, good pub food, bad and inflexible waitress/computer system.While we were there there was a live band that played class rock style music. they were good for a bar band. The nachos we shared were really good stand up bar food. My friend said hs wings were good, not great. The most annoying thing was that the kitchen closed at 10pm and they didn't warn us it was closing. We had ordered the nachos but were still hungary so we were going to split more with the group but couldn't order any more (I think it was like 10:08pm, so annoying. Also we oder some shots and pints which were fine but we wanted to order polar bear shots. They're usually half creme de menthe (mint liquor) and half creme de cacao (chocolate liquor). Super yummy and tastes like a york peppermint patty. They didn't have them on their shots list but we just told the waitress what it was but she couldn't make it for us because there wasn't a code for it in their computer system and they couldn't dispense shots without the computer system because it tracked the liquor use.  So annoying. We asked can't you just charge us for 2 shots of creme de cacao and 2 shots of creme de menthe but put them together in a shaker and then pour it out into 4 shot glasses? But the waitress wouldn't. Not the best service. Later (I think midnight) the downstairs lounge/bar area turns into a bit of a club with pounding dance music but it wasn't that great. There wasn't enough dance space/room and the music was pretty crappy. Basically it wasn't the worst ever but it certainly wasn't anything above or beyond. I wouldn't rush to go back again anytime soon but I woulnd't refuse to return.
3	This place is pretty popular and it's on a nice location in downtown Montreal. The staff here are alright with customer service and drink prices are good on certain nights like Tuesday, 2.50 a shot. They got some comfy loungey couches inside which is great for chilling with friends.On the flip side, the lineup for this place can be long on Fridays and Saturdays and the dance floor is somewhat limited. The place is also touristy, lots of outsiders come here and can be annoying. FINAL GRADE: B-
5	I really love this place! It has a huge dance floor, great looking people and it's in Montreal. I also love its patio overlooking Rue Crescent. Drinks are priced right, food is great, I really never had anything to complain about and been there 3 times.Oh, wait there's no parking! Well, it's downtown Montreal, and customers should never expect to find free parking in any big city. Parkings are available in nearby lots and range between $10 and $15 Canadian.You should definitely check it out next time in Montreal
5	Oh, I wish i could say more, write more about this place, I really do. But the hammer was dropped here one evening and it was dropped without regard for any day to follow. I really like this bar, and I'd say, it's probably the best bar in all of Mount Royal. Very cool. Very hip. Very decent.  Large in space, and can still be crowded, but still with plenty of fun to be had. I've always believed, at least historically-speaking, that Churchill was a rather reserved gentleman, but his tavern in Montreal, is off the chain!
2	I made the mistake of reading other reviews of this place just now...so will try to not let them bias my own, although people are making good points about this place.While visiting Montreal for a long weekend, four of us were walking around in the touristy restaurant area off St. Catherine and decided to check this place out because of its huge two-level patio along the street.  It was a nice day, not too warm, but bearable to sit outside, probably around 2:30 in the afternoon?The place was empty inside, but apparently fills up at night with the young drinking crowd, as any pub should.  GIANT inside - I think I counted seven actual bars.  But we sat on the patio, getting one of the last few empty tables.  Took a few minutes to be acknowledged, but the waitress was quite friendly when she did come over.  Broken English, but spoke it well enough.  After giving us our menus, a few minutes later another young guy came over to take our drink order.  The waitress then came back and was surprised to find out the guy had served us.  No biggie.$3.50 pints of beer!  I believe we only had the choice between Keith's and Molson X, but for that price, who cares, worth it.  Typical pub menu.  Only had two actual vegetarian options on the menu, but I've not had much luck with veggie burgers lately, so didn't feel like trying that.  The other option, I cannot recall.  So I got an order of homemade fries and an order of onion rings.  (oh so healthy, lol).  They were fine, served in cute, little metal buckets.  Another in my party ordered what she thought were the mozza sticks, but maybe the wording she used, or the broken English of the server, resulted in her getting jalapeno poppers instead, which were average.  Another ordered their classic club & fries ($12.50) which looked and tasted fine.  We didn't go here thinking the food would be spectacular, and it wasn't.  But we had no problems with any of it.  My experience is that pubs are 90% of the time, average at best, with the odd rarity standing out for deliciousness.Would I go back?  Sure, but probably only for drinks.  If hungry, I'd try one of the other hundred restaurants on the strip.
3	Popular, packed place with good happy hour deals and decent food. The service can get slow because there are so many people. It's in an ideal location on Crescent Street (don't try to park) and though the tables are very close to one another on the patio, the inside looks very spacious.
4	I've got to say, this might be one of the best Happy Hours on Crescent. 2 for 1 on bar rail and most bottled beers, cheaper pints, and the staff here are awesome! Every day from 5-8 including weekends so this place's terrace is always full during the warmer months. The food is surprisingly good and their happy hour specials come with a self serve snack bar on the 2nd floor.
5	My friend ordered a glass of baileys with milk. Taste good. I ordered a French onion soup and cheese plate. They are both delicious. The cheeses are from Quebec. The bread was tender. I love the atmosphere.
