4	Spice Bazaar is a newly opened Indian grocery store. It is located in a strip mall setting off of Independence Blvd. I think Independence is such a strange street and difficult to manuever (especially when what I want to go to is on the opposite side of the road). As we entered, we were greeted promptly and asked if we needed assistance. The employees were friendly and showed us exactly what we needed and also told us of the many other "heat and eat" options they offered. It's a big space filled with lots of bags of rice, spices, meal packages, fresh vegetables, toiletries, DVDs, saris...a great little variety of everything! The prices seemed very reasonable.They also serve freshly made items, like chicken biryani, in case you want a quick bite to eat before you shop.
3	Been giving this place the eyeball since it opened about a year ago but hadn't had a reason to stop in until this Tuesday. Not a bad place to shop if you're in need of Indian groceries and live on the east side of town. Dry goods galore - dal of every type, parathas, large quantities of basmati, jasmine, brown basmati rices. Spices were very reasonably priced (asafoetida at 1.50 for a large container, yay!) and there were a variety of jarred chutneys available (alas, no store-made). Couple of things that frustrated me: some staples come in large sizes only (ex: 5 pounds of lentils when you really need two) and no fresh breads on premises. The produce, too, was a little stale and wilty. But the freezers are full of all kinds of breads, entrees, delicacies. Awesome. Like Faith said, the staff is super helpful and talkative. This is also the only place in town that has a $1 samosa! Not the best on the planet but a pretty sweet snack. Yay!
5	Aisles and aisles of stuff I'll never learn to cook with.  I walked in and asked the young lady at the register if she could just help me put together everything I needed to make channa masala.  She was very helpful.  I was pretty surprised when, instead of piling twenty different component spices in my basket, she just took me to the aisle where all the Badshah brand spice mixes were.  She showed me the pre-mixed channa masala spice box.  I asked her if she really thought that was the best way to make the dish.  She said that's what she and her family used at home.  Good enough!  I got a few different mixes (cheap at ~$1.70 per box, and each box will make about 16 servings, even though they purport to only make four).  With Fresh onions, tomatoes, and garbonzos, the dish turned out great!As you would expect, this place is also a great source for bulk dry goods such as lentils, beans, and rice.Friendly staff, well organized and clean, all around a great shop.
3	This place is now a mexican bakery.
