2	Everytime I eat at pizza hut/wingstreet I'm always disappointed. I mean how do they make a great personal pan pizza but everytime the large is undercooked and flavorless.The wings are nothing special-they charge extra for ranch etc.Way to pricy for realitively crappy pizza.$20 for pizza & wings
1	Unbelievable. How the heck do you run out of crushed peppers and parmesan cheese?I should've run back in and grabbed a whole roll of those Bounty-like paper towels. Would've served them right.
1	The worst pizza I have ever experienced. And to go along with that I had to wait forever to have that experience.NEVER again. No Way, No how.
3	This is probably the closest Pizza Hut to my work place!  Can't lose to order 2 large take-out to munch on at work.I made my order online to be fast since I'm on a crunch for lunch.  Made my way there and my pizzas were ready.  I noticed that this location was an actual sit down Pizza Hut.  Soft drink machines and plenty of space.  I would assume that it would be great for after little league games and events like that.  Service was friendly, she gave me a bag for the plates and condiments I asked for.  Also popped each box open so I could be sure that the order was correct.  I ordered one pep, sausage, olive; one bacon, ham, pep.  Both were wonderful, toppings were evenly spread apart and adequate.  I'll def come back once my coworker and I get the craving for pizza again.  Always nice to save a few bucks to fill up 3 guys.
1	I was very upset with the quailty of the pizza i got from this location, i got 2 large pizzas they were both very undercooked i coulda rolled the pizza up like a burrito it was soggy,after a debate with the tough guy at the register he agreed to put the pizzas back in the oven. they were still not right it ruined my whole day. i would not recommend this location to anyone.
4	Despite all of the negative reviews on this particular location, I actually didn't find any of it true. Pizza was really good, surprisingly even better than the one by my house . Service was friendly. Will come here again! :)
5	Management has changed and over the last couple of months it has become A-mazing!! Service is super nice and it actually looks cleaner than it used to be, it takes less than 15 minutes to make a pizza out of scratch and wings only take 10 minutes, there's also pasta, dessert, and drinks. It has a great family friendly feel and it feels a lot like a restuarant!
4	I havent been to a Dine-In Pizza Hut since they use to offer the all you can eat buffet, why did they ever take it out? I just don't know but I think they should bring it back. So anyways, I came here last Saturday with my family and ordered the waffle fries and a large pepperoni pizza. I can not remember the last time I had Pizza Hut's pizza piping hot!! I mean the cheese was bubbling and your fingers burned from the pizza being that hot and fresh. Too bad they don't have many of these Dine-In restauirants but at least now when I do crave Pizza Hut, I will be coming here. BTW, the waffle fries were good but not for $2.50, either make the portion bigger or lower the price!
1	Pizza is ok, nothing expectacular, exactly what you would expect from a large chain. But, what downgrades pizza Hut is the HIGH prices. And to add insult to injury, they charge for sauces, even when you buy wings!!! I will never eat at any Pizza Hut again.
1	Wow. Worst customer service ever encountered. Maybe it's policy, maybe it's laziness. Either way, Pizza Hut off the map for me.
5	Speedy Delivery to our hotel. Awesome customer service with a friendly smile. Our 2 topping Medium pizzas were loaded with toppings on a perfectly crusted pizza. They even threw in cheese & red pepper packets along with paper plates and napkins and our 2 ltr was ice cold.
1	Horrible service. I ordered breadsticks, just breadsticks. It took 45 MINUTES! And the cook was eating while she cooked. Not secret snacking, she was chomping away at the food she was making!!  I was not asked size options, is there only one size? My sticks cost $4.50, which I thought was steep, and after, yes after I had already paid, and been given my change,.. she said "it's going to be 15-20 minutes, is that ok?" Well considering you've already taken my money do I have a choice? SO I said yes and waited, tried my damnedest to be patient, when 40 minutes rolled around there was 5 of us standing at the counter saying "come on, this is ridiculous". Because it was!! Pizza Hut was a childhood favorite. I hadn't been to a Pizza Hut in YEARS, and I will NOT be going back :(
1	Really bad service with my pickup orderThey switched my pizza with someone else's, when I asked for my pizza they had already given it to someone else, and I had to wait 20 more minutes for my pizzaThe whole time I got an attitude from the cashier Worse fast food experience ever
