1	I have been going here for awhile because it is so close to my home, but the last 3-4 times I have gone, I keep saying it will be my last. I went today and have decided I will not go back...ever. I will now have to go out of my way and find a lab that is not as conveniently located.... My experience has been: rude front desk staff, inefficiency, staff out smoking in parking lot with patients waiting to be seen, long wait time (with or without appt!), unprofessional behavior at front desk, staff smells of smoke.... I have given this location many opportunities to deliver quality, friendly and efficient service but they have disappointed me each and every time and the staff does not seem to care or even notice my frustrations (hour long wait while they are chatting, googling, smoking...). My insurance does not specify which lab provider I use, so I will find another one that treats me like a valuable patient.
4	I've been going to this location for the past 4 years.  I like to use the LabCorp website to make an appointment.  I fell this cuts down the wait time.  They make one appointment for every 15 minutes.  In between the 15 minutes they fill with those that walked in for lab work so you may still have a short wait.  I find the staff to be personable and friendly when it is your turn at the counter and then while you are having your lab work done. Make sure to sign in when you arrive and have your photo ID, lab slip(filled out at the top) and insurance card (if you have one) ready when they call your name. It makes the process much quicker!
5	The staff is very friendly! I was done within an hour which is really nice and they were packed too w only 2 people back there to draw blood.
4	Getting blood drawn is never fun and I usually have the tendency to faint after getting my blood taken. So the fact that I'm giving this place 4 stars says a lot. There were quite a few people ahead of me when I arrived, but they called my name after about 5 minutes. The ladies that were taking blood were super nice and really easy to talk to. I told them that I pass out sometimes and they were super accommodating to it and let me lay down on the bed. They were talking to me the whole time to get my mind off of my fears and it worked. Super easy and I just felt a small pinch from the needle. The whole process from walking in to walking out was about 10 minutes. I'd definitely come here if I need my blood work done again.
