5	oooooh, love these guys! Out of all the shops I visited for a low profile, not so ugly mirror, this place had it going on. Damien looked at my bike and said I got a mirror for you. Took me to their storage area and out came the most beautiful mirror that will look good on my bike and not be an eye sore. Everyone else just said, look in the book and we'll order you something...Well. if I wanted to take a chance I would have just done that myself, right.... It was a pleasure to have someone listen to what I want & have an actual solution. Way to go MainStreet Motorcycles. My bike is not complete & everyone at bike week loved my design. Thanks for all your help!Locations a little out there but they got whatcha need! A little bit of everything. They even have a "garage sale" every once in a while so I'll be bringing in those parts collecting dust on my shelf & hopefully find them a new home cause they are helping with the rent thats for sure.
1	Walked into store, the guy a desk didn't even look up and acknowledge me.  I walked around looking at various items and nothing from the employee.  I thought I would give them another chance and call for pricing on a short with the lights.  It was like pulling teeth out of whoever answered the phone! They need to work on their customer service before I go back.
5	I can't say enough good things about the team at Mainstreet.  I jut concluded a purchased that was made vastly more compacted than it sure of been due to death in my family that delayed payment and pickup to the bike I bought,  They were consummate professionals throughout the entire process and even stayed late a that shop to wait for my after m delayed flight finally got me into Phoenix to conclude the purchase,  They never showed impatience when they had every right to.  I would highly recommend he team at Maistreet if our considering service or a purchase--really good people who deserve your business  Thanks Mainstreert--you guys are the best!  Big Kudos to Damien was infinitely patient and goof natured throughout the procures, '
