2	was very disappointing. I looked forward to lunch their my whole morning at work, it was going to be a Friday treat. When I got there the line was only 3 people long plus two waiting on food. It took twenty minutes to get my food and in that time I saw them botch 2 orders ahead of mine. When I received my order of "blackened fish tacos with strawberry pico de gallo" I was surprised to find it was just two tortillas each with a piece of heavily spiced and slightly dry fish. No cheese, cabbage, sauce or anything else, just fish on tortilla. Oh and the pico was on the side, about an ounce cup to split between two otherwise bare tacos. The price is right, but the value just isnt there. Maybe they are new to the business and will learn in time.
2	All I can say is that their food definitely missed the mark. I absolutely love the food trucks in Charlotte and have never been disappointed, until I tried The Plated Palette.I was able to try this food truck outside of Ass Clown Brewery over the weekend. I had asked them what their signature dish was or what they recommended I tried, I was directed to try their version of a steak and cheese sandwich. If that is their best dish then I am sorry to say that I doubt I will try their food again. The sandwich was sub par and left much to be desired. Even with adding grilled onions and peppers it was still very bland. The rest of their menu consisted of fish tacos and I am left wondering if I would of been better off ordering those.
4	Plated Palette showed up at my office park the other day and I didn't bring my lunch.  Therefore I got Plated Palette.I checked out a few of the entrees that my co-workers got before I made my selection of a chicken pita sandwich with greens, tomatoes, and cucumber ranch with a side of cilantro rice.Now the sandwich was delicious even though it took me two napkins to eat it and I also enjoyed the rice.
4	First time I went to a food truck in Charlotte, and it was great! I got their special which was 2 Cajun Fish Tacos, a side, and a drink. The fish tacos were delicious, and seasoned perfectly. They had a corn salsa, spring greens, and a chipotle ranch on them, all going really well together. The only reason I gave four stars is because of my side, the cilantro lime rice, it was too acidic for my taste, but I added it to my tacos, and it added some good flavor to them.
1	Sad to say this wasn't the food that caused me to give a low score. Went to Food Truck Friday in Southend and waited about an hour and a half to try their food (which I understand is normal & was not upset abt this). When we were able to order, they had run out of all of the sides that were to come with the purchase of the entrees. When asking if we would still be paying full price, the lady at the cash register told us yes and that we could go to another food truck if we didn't like that. I have been in customer service my entire life (for over 15 yrs thus far) and had never had someone show such apathy. She made no attempt to substitute anything and actually acted as if we were the rude ones for asking.  I then saw her mouth to her cooks abt the f**cking b*tch in the line not once but multiple times. The fact that we didn't get a measly side was not important to me, the way she handled it was absolutely disgusting.
