4	This Silver Mine has 2 strikes against it that apply before even entering the building:  It's on the same strip of vomit streaked pavement as Kam's and C.O.'s, and one of its other neighbors on the same strip is a Subway.So why do I go there every time I have to buy lunch on campus?  Well, there are no scary cross-eyed employees there talking on their cell phones instead of making sandwiches (as at subway.)  Instead there is a totally friendly crew of regular sub-makers, as well as a delicious and satisfying selection of subs.  YUM!
3	I actually prefer Subway over Silver Mine but it has an awesome student meal deal with a jumbo drink and a cookie. Sweet!
4	I agree that being in the puke-filled street isn't a plus, but it IS still right across from the psych building, which I enjoyed.  Some of their hot sandwiches are very craveable (the roast beef au jus one, and anything with barbeque sauce always appeals to me), and it's a nice change of pace from Subway, and sooo much better than Jimmy John's.
5	Bad location, but I could care less since I only order delivery from here late at night.  And oh my god, it tastes soo good.  The equation for the tastiness goes something like this...Y = T*x^2where T is a function of how late it is,Y is the Yum factor,and x...I don't know what x is, but it kind of spells "tax..."Price is okay - delivery total is a few dollars more than what I usually pay for something like Gumby's with haxxor deals - and a bit higher than what you could get at Subway for $5 (but not as customizable).  However, they're open late, and some of their pre-mades, like the Cripple Creek are just too good to pass up.  Double 11-in. sub special is their best offer.
4	I went here on the recommendation of my colleague at work. Thursday night I always need a quick dinner, and Silver Mine Subs did not disappoint. The guy working there was very nice and friendly and he listened to me as I changed my order a few times. The sandwich was good, though it might have been better toasted, and the bread is a little thick. However, any place that has a sandwich that includes both bacon and avocado is a winner for me. Also, I can get a dill pickle instead of chips. That's novel enough to give Silver Mine Subs an edge over the nearby Subway. It was a little expensive, next time I might not get the gigantic pop. Otherwise it was a very pleasant experience and I enjoyed it! I will be back!
4	I had to drop by the university bookstore during my lunch break so thought I'd just grab a sub while I was nearby. Excellent decision. The place was clean, the employees were helpful, and the sandwich I got, while not terribly cheap, was well worth the price. It was much more filling than the sandwiches I like at Subway; quality meat, plenty of it, fresh toppings, nice bread. Couldn't really ask for more. I'll be back the next time I'm on that side of campus for lunch.
5	Pretty good variety of sandwiches. Their sandwiches are pretty big too and they don't skimp on the meat. The grilled chicken they put on their sub is really juicy and has a lot of flavor. It's a step up from Jimmy John's and Subway for sure. Definitely recommend this if you're in the area and don't want the "same ol' sub place".
2	Their bread is always dry, and their sandwiches never seem as fresh as they really should be. Other locations do much better than this one, it's a shame really.
4	FAST DELIVERY.  DRIVERS ARE FRIENDLY.  GREAT GRILLED CHICKEN SALAD (you can add practically anything to it at no charge).
4	Initially I was going to give this place 4 stars, but their outstanding service has earned them the perfect score.  I ordered through campusfood.com 15 minutes before they closed and some sort of electronic delay resulted in my order arriving late, after they put all the food away.  The manager called me at 3:00 AM to tell me he canceled my order because they had already put the food away and were ready to close.  He then gave me a credit for the same amount that I could use anytime.  I ended up getting a free sandwich.  As far as the actual food goes, they have a good variety between cold and hot sandwichs.  I haven't tried any of the cold sandwiches, but they their hot chicken sandwiches are awesome.  The buffalo chicken sandwich has a mildly spicy buffalo sauce with a creamy ranch and melted provolone cheese on your choice of bread.  Definitely my favorite.  If you're in the mood for subs and don't want the conventional subway or boring jimmy johns, I highly recommend silver mine subs.
3	It's better than Subway, and more expensive too.
4	Great bread, much better than Subway and slightly better than Jimmy John's. The sandwich selection is great. The only downside is the wait time. When it is slow it can take 5 minutes plus to get a sandwich. It seems they are severely understaffed. Also when we have had it delivered it has take an hour plus. So if you go there make sure to go after 5 for 5 dollar large subs or small combos and use their coupons as well.
1	Didn't even get to try it.  I've heard great things but i was stranded at a hotel that is just under 10 minutes away but they were insistent that it was more like 20 minutes away and refused to deliver.  I had ordered online and had PREPAID a pretty generous tip.  Seems like they could go an extra block or two to satisfy a paying customer.
4	Great subs.  I find that cold sub places around campus tend to be very mediocre (looking at you, Jimmy John's), but Silver Mine does them well.  Putting them above the crowd, however, is certainly the avocado spread, which pairs well with many of their sandwiches.  The prices are reasonable to a little high, but the free wifi is easy to access and very reliable, making this a regular stop for me if I don't want to go all the way down to Green.
3	Poor Silver Mine Subs being right next to Subway. Unfortunately, their subs don't do much to differentiate themselves from Subway which makes Subway the better buy. That being said, they do have much more amiable employees than the Subway next door. Also, there's free wifi here.
3	Not a sub fan. All sandwich stores taste the same with me. Just had their delivery at my job and their steak sandwich is pretty good.
4	I stopped in for lunch after class one day to give Silver Mine a shot. Also, it's part of my goal to try as many food establishments as I can in the area and yelp about them while I'm at school here.I didn't know Silver Mine was a chain until after I got home and googled it. It definitely doesn't feel or look like a chain, which in my opinion is a good. Most of the locations are out west in Colorado and Arizona and there really aren't nearly as many locations as Jimmy John's or something similar.I walked into the place which is right next to a Subway, Kam's and the old C.O. Daniel's, which could be described as a very good or very bad location depending on the circumstances, however it is close to most things on campus. Either way, upon entry I was greeted with some fantastic bluegrass music and a mountain/silver mine themed sub shop, which was refreshing and definitely not something I've ever seen before.I perused the menu and settled on a variation of my favorite roast beef, which was interestingly called a "Comstock", and I also noticed many other sub names were geographic locations or western/mining-themed names, how cool!?I got home and began to tear into the sub. I was pleasantly surprised at how tasty it was. Decent flavor on everything and definitely not the same mediocrity as the Subway next door (or any Subway, for that matter). However, I wouldn't call it the best sub I've ever eaten. To be blunt about it, I think Jersey Mike's has got Silver Mine beat in terms of quality and maybe taste, but Silver Mine is definitely cheaper than Jersey Mike's and also has more of a variety of non-sub items like soup, breakfast and salads. I would also like to say that Silver Mine has very late store hours as well as delivery available as added conveniences. I was impressed with Silver Mine Subs, I do recommend it for anyone looking for a sub sandwich. I will be sure to go there again and try more items.
