1	I called around and SafePro Glass was the lowest. Their competitor beat them by $5, and then SafePro came back with an extra $2 off. Sure, I'll take that.Maria helped me while in shop. Everyone there was pretty nice and came in to check on me, etc.Window was replaced and I took off. I rolled the window down and noticed that the motor was labored. I pulled over and noticed that the window would not go all the way down. I rolled it back up and the window does not roll into the groove (it rolls up OUTSIDE the door).I drove back and talked to the manager/supervisor and he said "that isn't right." He sent an installer out and the installer said that the wrong brackets were on it. I could come back Monday, but I couldn't so Thursday it is.I would think that part of the installation would be to roll the window up and OTHER: When I got in my car I was greeted with a somewhat messy area. There was a bent antenna left on the floor (installation tool?) as well as some sort of gasket (maybe surrounding the new window so it doesn't get dinged up?) I also have my cell phone holder that is now missing one of the feet that hold the phone to the holder. Also, my LED light in my door is disconnected.As of right now I'm not all that impressed with the work. We will see if come Thursday if they get it right.
5	Rex, the CEO, made this transaction worthwhile in the end.He ended up leaving a very lengthy voice-mail - he was embarrassed and assured me that he would personally see me through. And believe it or not, he did personally see it through.I work night shift - I am not the easiest person to get a hold of. he left numerous messages and kept trying. Much appreciated. Most people call and *maybe* leave a message and then it is up to me. Nope, Rex kept calling trying to catch me. We played phone tag for a little bit and finally linked up.He personally came to my house with an installer and stayed there the entire time when my window was being replaced. Come to find out, the bolts were the main culprit - they weren't tight. The cracking noise when rolling down was more-or-less- because the window was torquing against the regulator rail. The installer (sorry, I didn't catch your name) also greased up the rails to allow the regulator to slide easier. So all was well on that front - we didn't have to put in a new piece of glass as the new torqued screws (with some washers) allowed the window to roll up properly. If the work was going to be extended, he even offered me to use his vehicle, which of course I declined.In all truth, all I wanted was my window to work. I like to roll down the window and fell the breeze - especially now when the air doesn't feel like you put your head in an oven or cold where you frost up. But Rex wanted to make sure that I was happy. I repeatedly told him that all I wanted was a working window but he kept going. Whether it was because he truly was embarrassed about the service I received or he simply knew that a negative review could hurt... he wanted to make good on anything that went wrong with me. Truly, he went above what I was asking - I'm pretty easy going.As for the phone holder that one of the feet was broken off, he got me a new one of those. Actually he paid me more than it was worth. Rex, I swear to you that once I get it I will be sending you the difference of money - you gave me way too much.To make good on the bad service he tinted my new window. He even offered to pay for the entire car to be re-tinted, but I declined because that isn't what I am about. The car looks great now though with it's new window and tint.Last but not least, in hopes of future business he gave me free windshield repair if I ever need it.I am tempted to give the final review of 4-stars due to the original service but really, how often do you write a letter where the CEO himself handles it down to the point where he repeatedly calls and then ultimately comes out, shakes your hand, talks to you, and stays until the job is done? Well, never. Businesses these days are all about the dollar and if they can screw the pooch and it only loses a few customers here then so be it. He could have easily have ignored my letter and laughed at me - he had my money and I had a window so the deal was good. I also took multiple weeks to finally "complain" about my service. Was I past my statue of limitations? Maybe. If he did  want to address my issues he could have handed me off to one of his assistants but instead he handled it himself. In my opinion it takes a big man that runs the biggest window business in Arizona to come down and talk directly to the customer. Even when the window issue was fixed he could have left it at that (I am pretty sure I made it clear that I was happy with just the window, but he insisted on the rest). In fact, I'm kind of embarrassed that the main issue was more the bolts than the actual window (not the first window, the first window was definitely jacked up and rolled up outside the car).In any case you just don't find customer service like this. Take away the tint, window repair, and the over-payment of the phone holder and I'd still give Rex 5 stars. I'm really impressed that he personally came out and saw it through - I know he was busy too.And remember... if you want your windshield repaired and are going to do it through insurance then you get $50-$150 rebated (don't quote me on that, but feel free to mention me as a referral. *chuckles*).
1	I went on a whim a with all of the Glass Replacement companies and I went with this one. The customer service was very professional at the beginning. However, after the work was completed there was a straight edge razor on the top of my car that I almost cut my hand and pieces were missing from my car. I called in and there was no apology for the shoddy work and they indicated that they would have someone look at the issue and they never did. I would of gone with a different company if I knew the kind of work they did.I have been awaiting a call back from this company regarding my issue with my car . Very displeased.
3	These guys are just up the street from my office. I've taken my work vehicles there a few times for chip repairs and have replaced one windshield with them. The work was done quickly, which was nice. I paid out of pocket, and the prices were reasonable.My last experience with them was quite strange. I wanted to replace the cracked windshield on my '88 Nissan 300zx. I carry glass coverage on my personal vehicles, and so I was going to use my insurance. After getting approval from my insurance co., Mark asked if I could stop by; there's a strip that holds the chrome trim in, and they weren't sure if they'd be able to re-use or replace it. After 26 years in the sun, it was toast. The gentleman who looked at it said the strip was not available, and they'd have to use a universal moulding, and ditch the factory chrome. I appreciated that someone had the foresight to think about that before we replaced the glass. However, wanting to preserve the chrome, I harnessed the power of Google, and came up with the OEM part number in about three minutes. A call to the dealer confirmed the part was available. We passed the part number on to the parts lady, and things were looking up. I got a call from Mark a few days later saying that it was going to be a difficult install, and he didn't have a tech that was skilled enough to do the job.  They couldn't help.I appreciate the honesty, but it makes me question the quality of work they are capable of, and I still had a broken windshield. As someone who's been in the automotive business, I have always had a hard time finding a good glass company. Good installers are hard to find.  I may use them again out of convenience; my work vehicles are late model, and don't have fancy trim. For my personal vehicles, though, I'll need to find someone else.
