5	I was in the market for new running shoes and decided to come here since I was shopping at the District.  The man who helped me was awesome and full of information for a new runner like me.  He was so adamant in trying to get me the right shoe for the way I run.  He first filmed me running barefoot on the treadmill so he could see how bad I pronate.  He played it back and slowed it down to analyze how I was running.  I tried on several shoes and he even let me run outside a little since I don't use a treadmill when I run.  They don't have a huge selection or anything, but he had every shoe he wanted me to try in stock.  They also have some compression shorts, running gear (camelbacks, armbands with water bottles, etc.), and nutrition bars/gel packs. I had a great experience and with excellent customer service, this store gets five stars from me.
5	An excellent running store. Also fairly new as of this writing ( 2/16/2012 ).Didn't have my size (12EEEE), no one does, but they were willing to order whatever I wanted. Knowledgable about the latest shoe craze (that would be zero drop barefoot-esque shoes). Willing to let you take a pair out for a test spin, people run out front of the store testing out shoes all day. They've got the equipment to get you through your next race or Long Slow Day on hand and a variety of running adverts (handy) hanging up in the store. Good to know what the local events are.If you're not happy with the shoe prices you should probably just deal with it, most of the prices are MSRP which is what virtually everyone, including Zappos, charges. This is a specialty shop: it's not supposed to be cheap. It's a church of running culture, exactly as it should be.
4	Service, Service, Service, 4 Star Dang Good Service. Really that's what any Yelper needs to know about this business. They are not the biggest. Their parking kinda sucks being across from Settebello. They don't have wall to wall shoes. Yes Zappos may have it cheaper (but not by much). But if you want to talk to a small business owner that knows his stuff, and that actually cares about getting you into the right shoe vs. just sending you out the door with a box you come here. If you want shoes that actually FIT YOUR FEET vs. picking a pair out of 10,000 boxes of shoes, you come here. I haven't seen service like I found here in a very long time. This place is worth hopping off the I-215 into The District to check out.
5	Went there for new running shoes and was helped right away.  The man helping me videotaped my running on a treadmill  to determine the proper shoe structure.  I then tried on 5 different pairs which they let me run on the sidewalk outside or treadmill inside to get a good feel for them.  I made my selection and would definitely recommend this shop and will go back myself!
4	The best place on the east side to get fitted for proper running shoes.  Their apparel selection isn't the best, and their running gear has all the basics... but their fitting team is among the best!
4	They have an extremely helpful staff and I was able to try on multiple shoes without feeling pressured to by anything.  I wanted to try on some different types of running shoes so I could get a feel for them.  They were extremely accomodating.  I've been to another running store that breathed down my neck wanting me to buy.  Not here.  Great selection of shoes and gear, albeit a little expensive for my tasted.  They do weekly or bi-weekly runs as well.
4	I second Shawn J. - this place has the best service!  I have come in here with Eric R. before to get some running accessories for him, and he has gone on some of the group morning runs sponsored by the store, but I am the definition of unathletic and never thought I would be in here for my purposes.Because of Eric, I learned about the term pronate and as a beginner in the market for the first pair of athletic shoes I would be buying in a decade or so, I wanted an evaluation from the experts on my stride.  I wish I could remember the associate's name who helped us, but she was very patient and very nice.  She had me run on a treadmill both barefoot and with shoes on, videotaping it and analyzing it in slo-mo on a flat screen.  I learned that I am a neutral runner with a perfectly straight stride!There was quite a selection of neutral shoes (I suppose that means it is good to be normal) so I tried on all 4 brands my athletic friends suggested: Brooks, Asics, New Balance, and Saucony.  I was given the authority to leave the store and run around the block to test the shoes, which made me nervous - that seems too generous!  I also got to test a pair on the treadmill.In the end, I fell for the Brooks Ghost 5.  Interestingly, when I had tested this pair out the day before at a mall store, I was told to go with a certain shoe size, but here, I sized up a half size to prevent blisters and sore toes.  This location only carried a pink shoe, not my style - so we ordered a different color which should come in next week.  In the mean time, Eric R. got to act like a child by taking out each pack of socks in this giant $3 sock bin, analyzing each size looking for a deal.  They had about a zillion smalls and XLs but very few mediums and larges.  I got 2 3-packs of New Balance running socks for $6, so $1 per pair, and Eric R. got a few XLs.  We gave the only larges we found to the store associate, who did not realize the socks were on such a good sale - she wanted some too!  I can't wait to get my new shoes and start doing something fitness-y!
5	I am a new runner and was nervous about going into a specialty store for shoes, but the staff at Red Rock Running Company made me feel at ease and were incredibly helpful and knowledgeable. They had me run on the treadmill to make sure to get me into the right running shoe, and recommended several good options. They also let you run on the sidewalk to make sure the shoe feels right. They have a good selection of shoes and have lots of other gear too. This experience was much easier and less overwhelming than going into a generic sporting goods store and just picking a pair of random pair of shoes. Great store, I will definitely go back!
5	Great Store!  Friendly, attentive, and knowledgeable staff.  I am a new runner and they took the time to video my running on a treadmill to determine my running style, then recommended 2 pairs of shoes with very distinct properties; light vs. supportive.  I was allowed to go outside and try them out.  Loved them both but went for supportive.  Thanks.Also they have a buy 5 pairs of shoes get the 6th free, this is like looking at it as a 20% discount.  Note that they track it in the computer, you don't need a stupid punch card that I always end up losing :)  A pretty awesome deal.  And if your family buys as well it can go on the same "account", doesn't have to be all for 1 person.
5	The first time I went it was recommended to me by a friend because they help get you a good shoe based on how you run. They got me on a treadmill & recorded how I ran. They explained to me what kind of shoe I needed & why, also gave me a ton of options (different colors, different brands & price points). It was amazing getting that personal attention & help without being talked to like I'm an idiot. They made an initially intimidating investment go a lot smoother than other shoe places.Returning customers get the same attention. The second time I brought my old shoes (he even somewhat remembered me though it had been a few months!), we talked about what I liked & didn't like & once again Brent provided excellent recommendations. All in all, a great local store for all your running needs!
5	You know what I love about this place?  The first time I went in, I asked if I could take the shoes for a run around the parking lot to test the foot-strike, support, and overall feel of the shoe.  Rather than look at me like I was a space alien who had just asked for a pair of Moon Boots in a size beyond the comprehension of earth people, they smiled and said "absolutely."  To summarize, they get runners and why we do the crazy things we do.  I have since purchased every running shoe from them, and if you want something they don't have they'll order it for you.  Sometimes I'll go in just to see what's new in the world of running.  They always have plenty of flyers regarding races, running clubs, demos, nutrition, etc.  It's a little runner's paradise!  Also, I'm almost 100% sure every employee is a runner because anytime I ask questions, they're always well informed.  I've never gotten an "um, not sure I don't really run" from any of them.  Keep up the great work!
5	Great service and very good selection. She had me run on a treadmil to get a good look at how my feet run. Made me feel important
5	Went in today because I knew they carried a specific shoe brand that I was looking for. This brand is not carried by many retailers, so I was grateful that Red Rock Running Company carried it. I was helped out by Pete, and I am pleased to say that he was very kind and helpful! :-) The layout of the store is very organized and well kept. They also sell a variety of non-shoe items as well. They sell athletic clothing and gear. I will definitely be shopping there again!
5	I bought my first pair of Brooks from this store and the guy who helped me, Brent, was very nice and helpful. They have a treadmill in the store and will record your run for free and tell you what type of shoe you need. I ended up getting blisters from the Brooks, not because it's a bad shoe, they just weren't for me. I took the shoes back after I put 30 or so miles on them to see if I could get insoles or something and the same guy who helped me took the shoes back! I didn't even have the box or receipt! He put me in a pair of Sauconys and I did not have to pay anything out of pocket. I love my shoes now! They carry Brooks, Asics, Sauconys, New Balance, Nike and some other brands I did not recognize. The shoes probably start at around $100 but I know that good running shoes are going to average at $120 anyway. Awesome customer service. I will definitely go back.
