4	During one of my many visits to Las Vegas, I did (with a local friend) "Desert ATV Adventure With Valley Of Fire Scenic Drive" with LookTours.  Neither my friend or I had any experience with ATVs, but we both wanted to try it.The day began with a pickup at my hotel... usually, they operate many of small shuttles to pick up people and bring them to "master" hotel where there's a big bus waiting.  Then we headed over to Valley of Fire (which obviously was a misnomer as there was no fire).The tour folks make you sign waiver forms during the bus ride, so no time is wasted when you actually arrive.  You pick up the necessary safety equipment and hop onto the ATV for quick safety and operating lesson.  After that, off you go out to the desert!What I really liked about this tour is that the actual riding time is quite long (over 2 hours... website says 2.5 hours).  Because the tour is geared for novice, there is no extreme condition that you have to trek through... but, there was relatively wide stream of water we had to cross and we also did some hill climbings.  Lunch is provided at one of several rest stops the tour makes.It sure is expensive at almost $200 per person, but it was definitely a different experience.
5	Also doing business as All Las Vegas Tours (http://www.alllasvegastours.com/) My Fiance and I went on their 'quick' Hoover Dam tour, and decided to add the Helicopter fly-by of the dam.Everything about the bus tour was great, I'd definitely recommend it to others.  The helicopter tour was also amazing, I'd highly recommend it.
5	Bus Driver, you are so nice! and you tried to be funny!Even though the shuttle was late, I was happy about the trip.We took a small van to somewhere and then switched to a double deck bus! This is the first time for me to ride on a double deck! And they provide breakfast too :) (and lunch!)We basically slept, ate, walked, slept more, walked....repeatedly
1	I haven't actually gone on my Helicopter tour of Grand Canyon... the gripe I have is with all the extra charges added to the "special" advertised price on their website...there is addtl $45 per person "service charge" after paying for my tour( $659.00) on the 10th I recvd confirmation on the 13th ...now I geuss it's too late for a full refund. I called a number listed and was told it wasn't the actual Helicopter Co charging the "service charge" then called the tour company and was told it was the Helicopter comanpies fee...  so  my trip is is now $749.00 without tip!
1	I haven't gone on my helicopter  tour yet... booked it yesterday for this upcoming weekend.  This has to do with pricing and fees. When you go to order it states NO HIDDEN FEES and claims to be the cheapest etc.  Well... after "paying" by way of credit card and waiting to hear confirmation as to whether we would be able to go... I get the confirmation... there is a $45 fee PER PERSON!!!  I find this to be ridiculous... considering they state on their site as you are ordering that there are NO HIDDEN FEES.  Grant it... I read the terms and conditions well and the only thing it seems to state is that it doesn't include taxes, port chargesetc... so I went back and researched on the details of the tour... it's not until you click the way more detailed list... and read carefully... there it is... it DOES state there is a $45 fee per person... Honestly... the FEE itself isn't what bothers me... it's the fact that they state NO HIDDEN FEES... yet make it less than obvious that there's this HEFTY fee... I had originally booked with another company who I had to cancel with as they didn't have enough room... their "fee" was only $10 per person... so I find this stating "no hidden fees" then slipping a $45 fee in there PER PERSON... to be a bit shady.  Hopefully the tour will be awesome... and I will let you all know... I just wanted to tell you to be prepared.  Maybe I shouldn't have been surprised, but I was.
