5	Walking into this lovely shop I'm instantly relaxed. There are high end finishes but a calming vibe. This is definitely a welcome change from the corporate shops around the neighborhood.The coffee is delicious and roasted on site. You can even see the huge roaster and bags of fresh beans in the corner. They also have a great menu of fresh pastries and paninis. I loved their red pepper, artichoke and goat cheese panini, a must try.I'm looking forward to the cooler weather so I can take advantage of the large wrap around patio that overlooks the lake. They have tons of outdoor seating and large comfy sofas too.A very welcomed coffee shop and roastery in the McCormick Ranch area.
5	This just may be my new coffee place! They toast their own coffee, great views from inside and out, and they have all local and organic foods. I had a lovely conversation with the owner--super nice! Love this place:; I think they will do great!!
5	Fresh coffee that's roasted on site? Count me in! This place is my new favorite hangout when I visit Scottsdale. It's really hard to find a local shop that pours a good espresso, but I've got to say my double I got at Altitude was the best I've ever had. I even had an opportunity to see the roaster in action. How cool is that?When I walked in I was instantly greeted by the owners Craig and Paul. Both are very proud of their establishment and have every right to be. The interior is beautiful. Everything is done very tastefully and it has a very relaxing vibe. They also offer free WIFI so this is a great place to come study, or finish your novel, or whatever work you need to get done in a relaxing environment.I had a Panini which was excellent and had organic chicken. I can't really say I'm a Panini connoisseur, but this is by far the best one I've ever had. I also had a freshly baked chocolate chip banana muffin for desert. What more is there to want? This place rocks. Do yourself a favor and come in and get your fix. You won't regret it.
5	Trendy new coffee bar! Great coffee roasted on the premises and nice little menu! Check it out. So nice to support a local with way better coffee than Starbucks!
5	This roaster and coffee shop is a fantastic addition to the coffee scene in Scottsdale.  As I write this I'm savoring a cup of Rwandan coffee from beans roasted just two days ago.  Roast is much lighter than what is common these days and I appreciate the flavors that are brought out because of it.  They roast their own beans on site and have a beautiful, newly built shop that is very bright with an abundance of natural light, very clean, and accompanied by warm & friendly service.  Espresso is among the best in the valley, and I was happy that they accommodated me on my request for a ristretto shot.  They're easy to see when going southbound on Hayden with their location behind Chipotle.  Ample parking on the Chipotle side of the lot.  Enjoy this gem before everyone else does and it starts to get crowded.
5	Fantastic to see a quality independent open in Scottsdale. Altitude is poised to be the "Urth Caffe" (LA's Best) of Scottsdale.Best of luck to Craig and team, their coffee is exceptional.C'mon Scottsdale...Support this local joint!!
5	IN LOVE! Cutest place. Love the decor, the staff is so friendly and the food and coffee is amazing.
4	I was looking for a quick lunch and stopped in today to see my options.  Limited menu but several paninis so I ordered the "Fancy Nancy" which was prosciutto and cheese.  Unlike Starbucks,  the sandwich was scratch made so took a few extra minutes.  Out comes not fast food, but a plate and presentation that looks like an upscale restaurant.  My panini included a small side salad.  The panini was fantastic!  Simple yet very flavorful and just the right size.  Can't say anything about the coffee 'cause I stuck with bottled water.  But I would highly recommend this place.  Eavesdropped on the owner's conversation with someone else and learned that beer, wine and limited spirits are in the plan.
3	Very nice addition to the neighborhood.  Comfortable environment and great patio by Lake Marguerite.   Guatemalan coffee tasted great!  Lemon scone delicious!Support this new, independent, local business!!!K
5	Awesome new spot. The coffee is some of the best that I've had in a long while and roasted on-site to boot. The shop is bright, clean, comfortable, and cool, so it's a go-to if you're looking to study or do some work while getting your necessary caffeine fix. Good service and friendly staff who seem to know what they're talking about when it comes to a good cup of coffee and are willing to help you understand the processes that go into making one. Oh, and the roaster is one grade-A piece of eye-candy, so if all of this isn't enough to draw you in, then you might want to check it out for that scenery alone.Great coffee, great service. Will be back and would definitely recommend.
5	A breath of fresh air for McCormick Ranch.  Great coffee, panini's & scones!  A very laid back atmosphere with a happy staff.  The owners are great guys and really know their coffee.  Ask them about the beans and roasting process and you will get an education!  Alcohol & an evening small plates menu is coming soon...I can't wait!
2	Not bad coffee- but the little 'chef' guy needs to learn some manners and respect. I get that you're enthused about your store, but when I mentioned I'm a regular at the roastery in the same mall and was checking this place out, he sighed and said "yeah, they aren't very good". Lesson number 1, don't ever do that.Bad etiquette and poor taste, followed by watching him interrupt our ordering- flirting with the counter girl and causing her to take almost 10 mins for a latte when place was empty- I will not be returning.2 stars for patio and a good product- hopefully they can learn some better service, as the roastery has them at this point big time.
5	I'm 15 minutes away but its worth the drive when i do drink coffee. Workers were inviting and vibe was good.  Solid tea selection white lion.
4	I stopped in this afternoon with the family for a coffee and hung around for an hour or so. I'm glad we have another local shop roasting coffee in-house in Scottsdale! The drinks were exceptional. I got a cup of the Guatemalan single-origin which was delicious. Even though they said it was a darker roast (which kind of turned me off initially) none of the complexity of the cup was lost and you could tell that the coffee was fresh. My sister had an iced chai tea latte and my dad had a latte. We all enjoyed our drinks very much. The ambiance was nice, plenty of good seating and a good patio with a great view of the lake at Mccormick Ranch. I will definitely return to get some work done. I can see myself hanging out here in the cooler months :D.There is room for improvement though! First, I wish that they brewed their coffee by the cup for customers. There are other places that will brew each cup to order using a chemex, aeropress, V60 or the clever. Although you will be waiting five more minutes to have your cup of joe, you know each cup is as fresh as possible. With that said, although I'd prefer my cup brewed after I order, it does save time and the cup I had at Altitude this afternoon tasted as fresh as any. Second, I wish they had more coffee offerings! A house blend and the Guatemalan were the only two that were available. They should definitely look to expand their offerings! Also, please don't start over-roasting coffee...All in all, drinks were exceptional, ambiance and interior design were great and the location was excellent. Also, the people were friendly and service was great! I know this place is going to do really well here. I can't wait to return and try some of their food and other drinks. They only lost a star because of the two areas of improvement I listed above.
5	Fantastic addition to the neighborhood, excellent coffee, great patio, atmosphere is exactly what one needs when sipping on a cuppa. Staff are supper friendly and the menu is growing.
4	Altitude rocks!  Great environment to relax and enjoy the brew!  Orange scone is as good as the lemon scone!  Yum!Patio has a lovely view of Lake Marguerite.Staff and owners are friendly and very accommodating to all patrons!Support this great new addition to the neighborhood!
5	Coffee=amazing. Roasted on sight. Talented staffFood=memorable. I've tried two different paninis so far. Prep, presentation of the salad and panini were so perfect. The chef even came out to check on us. That's what makes it memorable. Atmosphere=unique. They have contemporary feeling mixed with recycling wood for displays and art. It has an old antique piano and a brand new state of the art roaster which, to be honest, is a piece of art in itself. I will be a regular st this coffee lab
5	What a gem of a new business!  Great new addition to the area.  Beautiful weather, great scenery, wonderful new independent business!  Go grab your caffeine treat (and other goodies)!!  The staff rocks.Enjoy -
5	The cappuccino was perfect. The atmosphere is lovely.  The piano is a nice touch -- there was a talented pianist when I was here (although I would be concerned about too many kids playing chopsticks).  Relaxing, decor is very homey.  And love the abundance of puppies.
3	Have tried this place twice, probably won't return until they work out the kinks. The menu in the wall is big so you can't miss it. The problem is that it's only a part of what they offer. Their REAL menu is on the counter by the cash register and if you're lucky you'll notice it on your own because they don't draw your attention to it. There was only one counter menu and when I asked for another I was given an 'old' menu with different prices and food choices. What?It took way too long to get our food and it wasn't hot when it finally arrived. The owners  seem not interested to correct these easily correctable situations.
5	If you haven't been to Altitude Coffee Lab yet, GO!  Great coffee, wonderful scenery (Lake Marguerite), exceptionally nice staff!  Coffee great, scones out of this world and lunches yummy!AND, coming soon, happy hour!  Check with the staff about a glass of wine on their lovely patio overlooking Lake Marguerite.Dark Roast coffee was excellent today!!  Enjoy!K and L
5	Great little menu with Paninis, wraps, salads etc.....Great coffee, nice staff and when the weather is great, the patio is excellent with a view of the lake....yes, McCormick Ranch has lakes.  I will definitely come back here regularly..
5	The atmosphere here is tremendous. You feel at home as soon as you walk through the doors and are welcomed by friendly people who actually know something about coffee.The coffee? Excellent. Keep in mind, this is not a Starbucks.  Be ready to wait a few minutes for your caffeinated beverage but it's worth the wait.I haven't tried and of the food yet but there was a quiche brought to a table nearby that looked delicious. I strongly suggest sitting on the patio while you have your coffee. There's lots of comfortable seating.  Overall, this place is my new go to when I want a good cup of coffee. You should try it too.
4	Great ambience, comfy seating in and outside on the patio, pretty good coffee, friendly service... hope they can keep up the good work!
5	This new place is great and overlooking the Scottsdale Greenbelt it fits so nicely into its location...calling it a coffee shop would be selling it short...yes that have great coffee and roast their own beans but the food is also great!...just had one of the best egg white, spinach and feta omelette a ever...they also just got their liquor license and are expanding their menu and hours...
5	My wife & I love this place. The coffee is always smooth and the food is always very good. The layout and atmosphere is perfect. I had a Starbucks from Hilton Village about a week ago and almost gagged at the burnt bitter iced latte they made me. I threw it out after two sips and will not be back there. Altitude is where I'm going from now on.As well, the staff is always friendly and very very courteous.
5	Great coffee (comparable to the best coffee shops in NY, SF, Chicago, etc), great food, great service, great ambiance. Was visiting from NY and it became my office for a week. Very surprised to find this gem in Phoenix!
4	I've been going to this coffee house for a while now.   I enjoy the dining experience.  I like the people and atmosphere there.   The coffee is great - with one caveat.   On occasion I've gone there during the mid-afternoon (2:30 - 3:00 pm) to do a little work on my laptop and enjoy a cup of coffee.  On every occasion the cup of drip coffee they've served me was lukewarm.    When I've brought this situation to their attention they've always corrected the problem by brewing a "fresh batch" - however - a true 5-star coffee house would not wait for their customers to tell them the coffee they're serving was sub-par.I still frequent this place - I still enjoy the experience - but here's my lesson learned - if you want a good cup in the afternoon and you're going to Altitude - get the Americano or Chemex pour-over.   Steer clear of the drip coffee in the afternoon.
3	SLOW INTERNET ... Ok CoffeeIf you are trying to do work in this coffee shop, don't rely on their snail speed internet.  You're faster going somewhere else or tethering your phone for internet.  They should upgrade their internet from home internet to an actual business one.As for the beverages, I had a French Vanilla Latte recommended by the barista which was too spiced in my opinion.  The attempt of the heart with the foam was a distorted heart but still cute.  The motif in the place was cute. I like the concept and decorations.Overall it was a decent experience if you're not in a rush to get work done.
5	Discovered this little gem last Sunday!  The staff was friendly and helpful.  My husband appreciated the free refills on coffee as he needs several cups to get his fill.  Really enjoyed my latte on their lovely patio...the perfect way to spend a November afternoon in Scottsdale right by the lake with the mountains in the distance.  The patio is nicely set up with comfortable furniture, a beautiful tree hanging over it, nice decor and a great view.  The inside was cozy too but the patio is what wins me over.
5	So I was running low on energy and needed a caffeine fix -- so I stumbled upon this place, and boy am I glad I did!!! When I walked in, I was greeted by Nicholas, with a smile on his face (which is always a good sign when the employees are smiling). I told him it was my first time in so he explained a little about their coffee, pastries (which they order from a local baker and delivered fresh daily), and briefed me on their food items. He also informed me that they have their liquor license -- and u know what that means?! It means it's the ONLY coffee shop that understands the awesomeness of adding Bailey's (or Kahlua, or any other delicious liqueor) to your coffee drink. Nicholas had sold me on getting a shot of pumpkin spice liqueor to my latte, which I was ecstatic about -- BUT... Because it was a to-go coffee, I couldn't get it. (So sad!) But don't you worry... I WILL be back and sit and enjoy that latte soon. :) yum!!! So I opted for a hazelnut vanilla latte with almond milk instead... until I go back to have, as I call it, "drunken coffee". Lol! And let me tell you -- this was the absolute BEST hazelnut vanilla latte I've ever had! :) Shaylee is an amazing barista that put just the right amounts of each flavor, and didn't make it too sweet (since I don't like my coffee/lattes too sweet). I also brought a cinnamon vanilla latte back for my coworker, which she drank within 5mins, and then she asked me if I was sure it was really coffee since it was sooooo good (she's not a usual coffee drinker). I absolutely highly recommend Altitude Coffee!!! It's the "new kid on the block" so I think we should all go support them -- I love their shop, their coffee, the fact that they roast the coffee on location, the friendly employees, the pastry selection... ok, pretty much everything! Go get coffee here, peeps! No other coffee in the valley compares!
4	I'm not a huge aficionado of coffee shops but I did enjoy Altitude.  Small and independently owned, they make a nice cup of Joe.
4	Although they have some work to do (I have been here twice, and both times, the waitstaff forgot multiple items on the order), they are nice people, trying to create a place where people can gather over a light meal and enjoy the space.  And a wonderful little space it is!  It really does have a nice VIBE: clean, modern, simple.  The food is similar: simple, not fancy, not stuffy.  And I really do love the coffee!  But really what impresses me most is that this little start-up has a pretty good crowd on a Saturday!  (I think that is a Billy Joel tune...)
4	Went here for breakfast with the girlfriend last weekend and we were both very happy with our experience at Altitude.  We both wanted breakfast but were dreading the portion sizes at Butter's (one of our favorite spots,)  I suggested Altitude as we've wanted to go but hadn't make it happen yet.  The location is great and we really liked the decor/ambiance of the place.  It's low key, clean and feels inviting.  We were both greeted by who I'm assuming was one of the owners and went to order.  A Cappuccino, Latte, and 2 of their egg white, bacon sandwiches and everything was great.  The food tasted fresh, the bacon wasn't a dried out piece of bark but a thick cut with a lot of flavor, and we both enjoyed our coffees.    We both like that we now have a new place to go have breakfast when we are looking for something lighter and more low key.  We are planning on going for dinner/happy hour soon as the menu features meat and cheese boards, bruschetta, and an appealing drink list.  You can absolutely tell the owners really care about what they do and while they are clearly still fine tuning everything I absolutely recommend checking this place out.
4	I've been to this coffee place about 8 or 10 times since it opened up and really enjoy the atmosphere and vibe that it gives off. The location is perfect and has some nice views if you're able to take some time to relax and just enjoy the day. It's nice that they have mostly the same staff each time, so little by little you feel like you get to know them and they you. I'm all about going to places where you can feel like you're a regular. The coffee here is delicious, as well as the food. The coffee isn't super hot when you get it, and I'm not sure if that's intentional since the temperature seems to stay consistent every time I've gotten my coffee. I actually don't mind it--it's hot enough to taste like a good brew, but not too hot that you can't enjoy it right away. Haven't tried their evening events yet, but am looking forward to trying them as it seems like they have a lot of fun evening events on the horizon.
5	I went in here for the first time with my dad for just a quick bite to eat. I ordered the spinach, egg and beta cheese sandwich which was amazing! On top of the food, the customer service was the best I have ever had at any restaurant. I will go here any day over Starbucks!
3	I came here for two reasons: 1. As a great addition to the coffee tour of Phoenix! and 2. because I had time to kill in scottsdale. I really didn't think it was anything special (sorry guys!). I know they roast their own coffee, which is nice, but the coffee was very ordinary. It was fine, but nothing spectacular. Additionally, they have only one size of coffee in mugs (I wanted 16 oz, but could only get 12 unless I wanted a to-go cup... odd). The atmosphere was fine and the owner (possibly?) said they have karaoke, which is kind of neat. Seating inside is a little limited, but I easily got a spot at the window bar. If I were in the neighborhood, I would consider going back, but I think Press is a better choice for the area, and several downtown coffee bars would beat it hands down. Anyway, it was ok, but I won't be rushing back.
5	Not many places you can get espresso, wine, bloody mary, breakfast, lunch, bruschetta, wifi, AND bring your dog!!  Oh, and they have dog biscuits too!  I LOVE this place.  All of the staff and owners are really friendly.  Some of my favorites are the salmon bruschetta, egg white breakfast wrap, and the caprese panini.  I haven't tried the dog biscuits, but I have it on good authority that they are amazing!  Right on the lake, so great pre/post walk/ride stop!!They do open mic night on Wednesdays too if you like to play!
5	One of the best places in town for coffee. The food is spot on and great baked goods made fresh everyday! The chef is definitely going to be one to watch for. He's always super creative and comes up with the tastiest items, sweet and savory. Try the maple bacon muffin!!
5	Love this local spot! The drinks, food, staff and decor are all awesome! Great patio by the lake/bike trail (think pit stop). Also, they have cocktails and open mic some weeknights. Oh, did I mention the champagne infused muffin, the Royal 57, gotta try one!
4	This coffee shop is not exactly close to where I live....However it is worth the drive. Why ? The coffee is superb, the baristas don't have an attitude and the beans are roasted n house. The owners are also super friendly and welcoming. I usually come here with my dog and I am assuming he feels welcomed too as Altitude also makes dog biscuits !!!
4	Great coffee, great atmosphere, menu is pretty good and the hours are convenient- morning and evening.
5	Great coffee, atmosphere and food. They have wine, beer and open mic evenings. All the necessities in life; beer/wine, food, water and music.
1	What a bunch of absolute business idiots! We arrived at 1pm for lunch. We're seated and ready to order. The owner comes out and says they are closing for an hour to take a break. And we should come back then! NOT!! We will NEVER come back and spread the word and share this story!
2	I have been three times, The first was not long after they opened and they were short staffed and slow,but the coffee was good so was the food. I thought I would give it another shot a month later it was much better, but this last time the food was bad coffee was bad, not sure if they changed the way they do things but is was bitter not real creamy and the food and service was poor. I don't even see the same people had had the two other times.... Not sure I want to go back
5	Perfect spot on the lake.  Lovely relaxing patio.  Nice owner and staff.  Hipster vibe, not another boring coffee shop.  Plus they sport soy AND coconut milk alternatives.  Elevate your coffee experience.
5	This place is amazing!! I go here a lot (once a week) for business meetings etc. I always get the egg white breakfast sandwich and I can't stop eating it! The prices are great!! It is also located in a beautiful area.
5	My wife and I have been going to Altitude for about 2 months and have had great experiences each time.  Since finding Altitude, I've been to Starbucks 1 time.  We've met some other patrons while enjoying our food and coffee on their patio.  The coffee, food and service have always been great.  We will continue to enjoy our java at Altitude.
5	I just discovered this gem and I will be back soon! First and most importantly, the coffee is great and so are the lattes! Second, I have never met a nicer staff at a coffee place. They are super friendly and accommodating to all of their customers needs. We wanted to take pictures there and they had no problem with it and even helped us out. They really go above and beyond. Third, it is right on the water and it is so beautiful and relaxing to sit outside here and drink coffee. They inside is decorated perfectly and is just adorable.Finally, not only do they have coffee, but they do wine and cheese. What more can you ask for!?
3	Stumbled upon this place in my neighborhood. The coffee tasted good, although you only have the option of choosing 2 or four shots of espresso. Owner is nice, they have a piano that can be played, and the patio overlooks the water which provides for a nice work place during the day. However, the wireless connection is awful. Both times I went to work, the connection constantly cut out, internet would freeze, etc. They tried to restart a few times, but it didn't seem to help the situation. Also, there are no outlets outside on the patio. All in all, cute place and nice feel, but probably will not go back if I plan to work or use my computer.
2	Two stars because they allow dogs. Great start.It goes downhill from there. This place has a great location. A cool hip vibe.And they can't stop tinkering with their service or menu. They had incredible salads. Then they downsized the portions. Then they changed the salads. Refills on their amazing iced tea were free - now they are $.50?? This was the final straw. Who the ---k wants to stand there and dog $.50 out of their bag. Or - oh better yet - let me run a $.50 charge on my credit card. I really hope they find something that works and stick with it. Key word is works because it's so obvious there is some knucklehead partner investing here who should not be involved. That's all I can think. Because they have everything - dog friendly, great patio, cool interior - and somehow they are ---k--g it up?You know the worst part? I was so annoyed by the refill price, I stopped to yelp. Now I'm late for the dog groomers. Thanks, Altitude.
5	Found this lovely coffee shop on YELP...so thank you.  It was/is lovely and has now become a place that i meet my girlfriends in the morning.  The atmosphereis warm and welcoming. You do not feel like you are in a parking lot patio as they have many plants and umbrellas that give you the sense of privacy and relaxation.  The coffee is lovely as well as the muffins.  This is a great discovery and you will not be disappointed.
5	I stumbled upon Altitude after looking for a coffee shop close to my house (this one is literally a minute away). The baristas really take their time and make quality drinks. I used to work at Starbucks and I can tell you that they sacrifice quality for speed all the time. And when you're paying almost $5 for a drink, I would personally rather wait for a good drink. This is definitely the best coffee shop I've been to in Scottsdale.
4	The service is good and the patio is pleasant and comfortable. I like the green iced tea!
4	This place is awesome. The coffee is great and roasted in house. When the weather is nice, they have a great patio that faces the lake. The breakfast sandwich is made to order and you can taste the freshness.  Yum. Also they have live music at times on the evening and a bar.
4	I don't even drink coffee, Irish Whiskey is me deal here, or a local brew-beer.However my wife drinks coffee, and I eat the MAC-N-CHEESE.yeah boy!!!!Ask Patrick for the M&C and a beer he will set you up.
5	I love this place!! The coffee is delicious and doesn't tear up your insides like some other well known coffee establishments. Sometimes the little designs they make on top of the latte are so pretty that I almost feel guilty drinking the work of art...almost! The service has always been great and you can't beat the view. The patio is People and Dog friendly. People friendly because most of the patrons are cool and chill and not the Snottsdale type...most of them. The view is incredible...from sitting outside overlooking the lake and watching the fountain to the eye candy sitting at the table next you. ;-) On Thurs nights they have open mic night from 7:30 - 9:30(ish) and you can hear some really amazing music (not awful karaoke) and have a glass of wine, vodka, whiskey, coffee or all of the above. I hear they have music on Friday and Saturday nights as well but I haven't been there to experience that...yet! I'm sure it's amazing too!! If you're looking for a cool place to relax and take in some AZ beauty (in all forms) ;-) you'll love this place!!
5	Great local Coffee Place!
5	I'm a fan of......Obviously the coffee! Fresh and toasted "In House!"Then there would be the wine, beer and liquor (I have a vested interest in this department)!!!Oh and I'm a huge huge fan of the breakfast sandwiches and the Maple Bacon Muffin
5	Wonderful neighborhood coffee shop!  I came across this gem at the suggestion of a friend of mine.  I have been several times but just am getting around to writing a review.  The service is always friendly and prompt.  The lattes are fantastico but the brewed coffee was a little weak for me (I'm used to the green mermaid).  The patio area is a wonderful spot to sit and enjoy your coffee.  The bonus is that it is a dog friendly spot and I have spent many an afternoon with my dog on the patio.
5	No need to go anywhere else.  If Cheers was a coffee shop, then they'd call it Altitude; familiar faces, friendly welcome, good conversation. Add great coffee, beer on tap, a dog patio for the kids, international accents and decent music and it's pretty much the royal flush right there.  Just add a TV for the World Cup and I'd move in for the summer.
5	This is the best coffee shop in Scottsdale hands down. it's perfectly located in the McCormick Ranch area on Hayden. It has a great atmosphere, incredible food and a friendly staff. Not a corpo cookie cutter chain... Love this place.
5	If you looking for a great place to hang out, with amazing coffee, snacks, and friendly service... Altitude Coffee Lab is the place!  I have heard that they offer entertainment on the patio, so I am going to check that out and try some of their wines.  In the land of corporate coffee shops, go and try something different.  You will not be disappointed.
5	Awesome patio!  My girl and I love this place. Love Friday night's here when they have entertainment.
4	Much smaller place than I expected. Nevertheless, my cappuccino was right on! And the service was very friendly with smiles. We didn't try the food today and sadly there was no maple bacon muffin.
4	Pretty patio-and nice service.I had an iced toddy..very good.My only complaint is that the large portion is actually a pretty small cup-felt like a 16 oz but it might have been a 20 oz.Besides that-I'd return.
5	Scottsdale is currently my home away from home & I was worried I wouldn't find a good coffee place to compare to San Francisco for my daily (ok twice daily) fix. I am so glad for yelp to help me find this place! It is in an unassuming little strip plaza. I would have never found it without specifically seeking it out.Amazingly smooth coffee.  The beans are either organic and/or sustainably sourced. They roast their beans in-house.  The lattes are also delicious.  The atmosphere is wonderful & the staff is very friendly.  There is outdoor seating that is comfortable & they have wifi.  If this place were in SF, I would make this my go-to place.
5	Went here today with my family and was very impressed. I wasn't even through the door and right away I heard a pleasant voice greet me. Very strange as Im not used to an establishment like a coffee stop in Scottsdale have customer service or appreciation.Very cute and cozy inside and very clean. We had a Cappuccino, Latte and an Iced Latte. All were very pretty and tasty. I felt welcomed here and would definitely go back again. A completely different experience from the coffee stop next door. I would come back next time to check out the food.
5	I consider myself an Americano snob...and freshly roasted espresso at Altitude is seriously THE BEST cup of joe I have had in the state of Arizona. Would have to travel to California to get something comparable.The owner is very friendly and took the time to ask about my life. Worth the trip from anywhere in the valley!
5	Love the patio here. It is one of the few places during the summer afternoons where it is not too hot to still enjoy the outside. They also have live music and fantastic drinks!
4	Best coffee!!! Also, when you're enjoying your coffee there, they actually use a real coffee mug. So enjoyable! The patio view is great. Staff is always friendly, patient and helpful!I've referred out of town visitors and friends to Altitude and they've all responded with a resounding -Thank You! Starbucks has it's place. But who doesn't love a charming one-of-a-kind coffeehouse with killer coffee and ambiance!? A+++
4	They are SOOO FRIENDLY! Not too friendly, but they love what they do and it shows. Food is great, wine is available. Oh the food is tasty too btw.
5	I have been searching for a coffee shop that stands out since moving down to AZ from Minneapolis. I've found a ton of average spots that feel run-of the mill and when I came across altitude I was pleasantly surprised!  The shop itself is a little small and could use some extra space but it has everything a classic coffee shop should have. A friendly staff (complete with fantastic mustache on the man who roasts the beans), a bean roasting machine there in the store, cozy tables, perfect lighting, a light food menu that is done well rather than just "done", a beautiful old piano, an outdoor patio that is cozy and welcoming and misters that spray while you sir under the shade of a beautiful tall tree overlooking a fountain across the way.  I was very impressed that they carried more dairy free milk options than just soy!  The wonderful man with the mustache even shared that they were careful about the almond milk they selected to ensure it would support the latte art they enjoy sharing with their customers. As a girl who LOVES both almond milk and latte art it made my day to know I could get both. (Typically almond milk doesn't hold the design as well.) After sitting outside enjoying my coffee I decided to order a salad. I trusted the barista with her suggestion of the strawberry salad and was pleasantly surprised by the portion!  Typically salads from these types of places are small and leave me hungry. This came out massive and tasting amazing!  I recommend Altitude to anyone who is looking for an experience to go with a great cup of coffee.
2	Found this place on yelp and decided to stop by for some breakfast, walked in to a nice atmosphere with great decor, it was almost full but still nice and calm.  We ordered our sandwich and a mocha and took a seat.  When my coffee was done, nothing but better news as it tasted amazing and the barista was a nice and friendly guy.  As was our breakfast sandwich on croissant! But the problems lies with the manager/server. At no point were we greeted or acknowledged in anyway, until he wanted our table! He got up from his empty 6 chair table where he was on Facebook to hover around our 2 chair table to talk loudly about how they are going to use our table, we got the point after hearing it indirectly three times and left, hopefully they take some courses in customer service so we can give it another shot
5	Best iced toddy ever! Gives Cartel a serious run for their money- fast and friendly service too! Free wifi, which is standard but nice. Prices are a little more expensive than Cartel though- which is strange because this place is so hidden and small.
5	What an awesome coffee shop! I pretty much live in coffee shops around town to read and so I always love stumbling on to a new find like this. The vibe is really cool and relaxed. The staff is incredibly friendly and attentive. The drip coffee is wonderful. The breakfast sandwich is stellar. The view is spectacular. My only wish is if they had some more stuffed chairs/couches to kick back in but as long as the misters are going, the patio is very pleasant.
5	Awesome coffee, freshly roasted. Great food selection as well and an amazing space to relax in.
5	I met a friend for breakfast. We both ordered at the counter and then took our number outside. Great location, ambiance, decor. The interior has a variety of seating as well as cute shaded tables outdoors facing a cute little lake Plus, its dog friendly outside!. I ordered an Americano, which was good, but everything else was the highlight. For breakfast, I had the egg white frittata with spinach and goat cheese (see picture). It was very tasty (with the addition of hot sauce).
4	I've been to my share of coffee shops on the west coast. Also having lived in Seattle for five years I've spent a lot of time studying in the many local shops. Altitude coffee definitely has its charm--patio seating, nice decor, and decent coffee. However, I give it four stars only because I didn't feel the place was put together well enough to make me feel its personality. It was kinda messy in my opinion. I've been back twice because I'm visiting phoenix. It wouldn't be my first choice, but it wouldn't be my last either.
5	We stopped here to get some work done, (as we both work remotely), and we're very pleased! Very friendly staff, clean and welcoming coffee house. They have free wifi, plenty of indoor seating and an awesome, large outdoor patio. Great menu of coffee's, teas and eats.  This is definitely a "keeper" place!
4	Adorable place and nice setting.  The food was great and the wine pour was very decent.  Nice presentation for the food and the ambiance of the place was great.  Just enough choice of wine and food.
4	Very cute coffee "lab".  Great patio facing the park.  I had a ice green tea and it was good and decently priced.  I would definitely like to hang out here again if I'm in the area.
1	I went here today for my morning latte. I order a hot dirty chai latte and payed $4.80 for it. I left and started drinking my latte what was just lukewarm and had no espresso in it. Well a dirty chai latte is a chai latte with a espresso shot!!!! My drink went into the trash! What a waist of money and disappointment!
5	Amazing coffee! Breakfast was good too, but can use more verities. Owner is a sweet guy, and staff is just perfect coffee people :) I will be back for sure.
4	Just had a cup of coffee from this place. I tried the dark roast. I found it to be of excellent quality without the need to sweeten or add anything to it. The environment is pretty nice. It looks like they also serve hard alcohol and wine there. It would be a good place to hang out and read a book without feeling like your selling your soul to the trendy hipster gods. They also sell their coffee beans which I really like seeing in a coffee business. Definitely intend on visiting again and will probably pick up some of their house blend coffee beans on that visit. My only encouragement for the business is that I felt the price of the coffee was a bit high. Then again it was a premium cup of coffee in Scottsdale which I suppose comes with the territory.
1	At first it seemed like we may have found  a GREATcoffee place, but was quickly disappointed as my order was totaled and the mocha arrived, warm at best and lacking in depth. The staff is not engaging. Snobbish is how I would describe them. I am really sad to have to write this review, I was REALLY hoping to have found a go to place for my mooring joe...Over priced and under serviced.....
5	Good coffee and lake view !!
1	Poor customer service ruined the entire experience. The coffee was about average, the decor was adorable, but the barista's were so rude that we just took our coffee to go instead of enjoying the ambiance. Won't be recommending this place to others.
4	Very nice ambiance and cozy breakfast place.I had the salmon breakfast bagel.  It was really good, I don't think anyone can really mess that up. I haven't tried their coffee since I am a tea person.  But the tea was served nice and hot. I wish they brought the tea to you instead of a more "starbucks" routine since this place is a big step up from starbucks. The staff was really nice and simple. My only complaints:There was a piano inside and it was beautiful. HOWEVER, someone kept playing it and it was so loud right in my ear, they should have put the piano outside on the patio lounge area so you wouldn't be trapped by the noise. The music being played in the background was not appealing.  It reminded me of a teenager who overused eyeliner with emotional issues.
5	I had a wonderful relaxing morning listening to some videos and spending time with the dog.  The latte was very yummy and they made it perfect to my specification.  The coffee was of very good quality as I did not get a headache or the jitters.  All the other people around me looked like they were also having a great time!  I really enjoyed the people that stopped by to say hi and pet the pup.The staff was very friendly and even brought my dog a bowl of water.  How cool was that.So definitely a dog friendly place and I look forward to my next visit!Thanks,Jim Kreisman
5	If you like great cappuccinos & Italian style panini's, this is your place. I drive past a lot of coffee shops multiple times a week to get to Altitude because there is more pride in their fares than most any other coffee shop around. Favorites: cappuccinos (I mention again because they are truly exquisite), light roast coffee, gluten free breakfast wrap, chicken & grape salad, pastrami panini.
4	Stopped in for the first time and ordered a mocha. Truly excellent coffee and a really cool atmosphere. Can't wait to try out the patio when it's warmer. Really could have done without the odd man playing piano samples in the back the whole time though.
