2	Does the word casino-y make sense? it tries to be authentic but really doesn't cut it. The atmosphere is more buffet then Cantina. We went there on a Friday around 7 pm. The service was quick but felt extremely rushed. The waiter kept walking away in the middle of our order. I'm like, uh, can I finish my order here before you walk away? I had him repeat our order just to make sure he actually got it right. I ordered the beef enchilada and tamale combo. My son ordered the cheese enchilada and beef taco combo. The food came out quick, as most Mexican restaurants seem to be, so quick there's never any time to enjoy your drink.The food was not quite hot, not a good start. Enchilada was ok, tamale was dry and without the luke warm barely spicy red sauce to add moisture, I don't think I would have eaten any of it.Prices were what you'd expect, around $13 for the combo's. Not sure I'd be back to try any of the other dishes unless I'm in the mood for hurried cold Mexican food. At least Taco Bell serves it hot....
1	This place had  a nice write up in the North Las Vegas View and we love Mexican food so we were pretty stoked to go. The decor is fun, I like the tequila bottle chandelier - but my admiration for the place ends there. My husband ordered Enchiladas de Camarones, but when he bit into it, there were no shrimp to be found, just a gooey cheesy mess. We asked the waiter, thinking maybe they had given us the wrong order, but no... it was the correct dish. See, there's a shrimp, right there! Are you kidding me? The shrimp specimen in question was like one of the tiny little shrimps they put in cat food, and even then there were only about two whole pieces of shrimp. The other "shrimp" were chopped up into mystery meat that didn't look or taste like shrimp. I ordered some sort of salmon dish, hoping for something healthier. I ended up eating just my beans because the fish was so soggy, stinky and fishy tasting! We also mentioned this to the waiter, but he just shrugged apologetically. The manager couldn't be tracked down and we were out of luck, and a lot of money, just like that. We thought about writing an "angry letter" but I was afraid I'd end up with a gift certificate for the restaurant that I'd have to pawn off on unsuspecting friends. I think we ended up going to Robertos after we left...
1	Honestly, I swear that my husband and I have nothing against Aliante Station but I find myself writing yet another bad review for one of their restaurants. The other review- PiPs.I love mexican food (heck- I love all ethnic foods) and was really craving some Mexican. My husband is not a big fan but indulged me. I wish I had chosen a different restaurant. I ordered the combination plate of Tamales and Enchilada verde. My husband ordered the Enchiladas De Mariscos (basically scallops, shrimp, halibut enchilada w/. usual fillings). There was nothing special or wonderful about the combo dish. In fact, it was lacking in favorite and the rice was very bland. As for my husband's enchilada, it was gross. There was just too much seafood in the shell and quite frankly the choice of seafood was not very complimentary together. I think the restaurant needs to replace this item with only halibut and replace the exisiting shrimp enchilada with a citrus shrimp (grilled) enchilada.Only good things about this restaurant: great margaritas and the complimentary chips & salsa. Would we recommend this place? NO. And now it will be even tougher to get my husband to go to a mexican restaurant! In the meantime, I'll just continue eating at the food court (dunkin donuts is the best before a Sunday matinee).
5	This was our second Camacho's experience. We were very excited to return after our first visit. We were seated immediately (on a Saturday night at 7pm, none-the-less) by a very friendly and attentive hostess.First, I had a Blue Moon on Draft, which was poured just right and served with a slice of orange. My wife had the largest Margarita I've ever seen. The service was fast, friendly and professional, and the drinks were wonderful.They then served out chips and we requested the table guacamole ($8.95) which is absolutely fantastic. Made with fresh avocados, lime, cilantro, jalapeno, etc....right at our table. (This was the main feature that brought us back from last visit).We ordered the Chicken Taquitos and a Chicken Enchilada dish. Both were fantastic and flavorful.The decor is excellent and we were treated to LIVE Mariachi music by 5 very fine musicians. The price was a little high, but my wife's $18 margarita and the $8.95 (well worth it) table guac are probably the culprit. (our check was $58....$12 tip for a total of $70)We will certainly be returning.
2	Not a fan.  I prefer ground beef versus shredded beef tacos, but when I asked if that was possible, the waiter told me there would be a $4 upcharge.  Really?  My date ordered a margarita which was watered down, and the waiter didn't really seem too enthusiastic about making us feel welcome.  I will say that the portions were quite large (I couldn't finish mine) but the food was just "ok".
3	Eaten here two time prior to yesterday; loved the food. Yesterday, I took a seat at the bar (as usual) and realized, the bartenders were not the normal. Didn't really matter considering they don't cook the food.  Problem- "I sat at the bar for ten minutes while the freakin bartender, stood across the bar socializing with two of his female friends". It's not like he didn't see me, considering there was only 6 of us at the bar.  Didn't press the issue simply took my money to the bar at TGIF. (good night, after all)!!
1	Located inside Aliante Station. That should tell you something.The bar and decor is visually stunning, but that's it.Had the WORST service ever. It was so bad that I took notes on my phone.One server was responsible for two separate dining rooms, so we scarcely saw him. Our salsa was ridiculously spicy for some reason, and we couldn't find anyone to bring us water or take our drink order. He waited until our plates had been cleared to offer us refills! I tried a carne asada chimichunga. I was served a burrito drenched in old-tasting grease, stuffed with bland rice with a few pieces of stringy pot-roast type meat. Everything we tasted was bland. I had to put hot sauce on everything. Isn't that the chef's job? After our disgusting meal, we had to wait about 20 minutes for our check. I was honestly about to dine and dash because it was THAT bad.They claim to have over 100 premium tequilas at the bar. Save your money and go to Tequila Cantina on Boulder Hwy.
1	Arrived at 9:25pm to be told in a very dis-interested manner that they closed at ten, therefore forget it. They must start being "closed" about an hour before closing time, won't be back
3	I am giving this place 3 stars but this is one of those just average places and deservers 2.5 stars... I can't say it is "A-ok" but it is better than 2 stars.....This place is quite the chic cantina.  The design and decor is swanky!  They had a chandelier made from about 500 Cazadores Bottles.  The service was excellent.They had some decent happy hour offerings and the happy hour starts at 4 and goes through closing.The menu offering and food was basically for gringos and gringas.  It tasted okay though.  Not authentic mexican food.So - nice place, good service, happy hour offerings... the food was just okay!
