4	Love to drink tea. Drink it every single day. When I saw this store at the Scottsdale Fashion Square I was mildly excited. I walked in because the store looked cool. Finally I thought people are giving enough respect to TEA that they opened a whole store dedicated to this awesome beverage! Yeay!I thought I would try a couple of samples that were situated towards the outer perimeter of the store and that would be it  thinking I probably wouldn't like anything because I tend to get picky about taste, smell etc I was promptly greeted by a very friendly associate and he offered me the samples that I had my eye on. He noticed I wasn't impressed so he lured me in with the promise of yet another cool tea sample. While I was sampling my teas, he went through the background of each tea. After asking me about what teas I typically liked, he took me to the very back towards the cashier area(yeah, I know, suckerrrr) and from behind the counter he brought out several large tea containers with really cool names. He prompted me to smell some popular flavors by fanning the lid towards me. Needless to say, I ended up liking a black tea, its called Mrs. Earl Grey, who knew there was a Mrs. too. Wow! He also up sold me on a cool teavana container which keeps your teas fresh for up to a year! I have tried the tea. I love the smell. The tea needs to be steeped a long time to get the full effect I think and I wish he would have mentioned that because I am not a patient person when it comes to teas. Either way, will I go back? Yes. Gotta keep trying my samples. I know I will find the ONE, one day.
5	Teavana o' Teavana... maker of heavenly teasThe wonderful taste makes me weak in the kneesOolong, Herbal, Green, Black or WhiteWhatever the type, they are all a delight...seriously though, we love this place. We buy most of our Teavana online, but occasionally venture into the physical stores like this one. The loose leaf tea they sell here is absolutely amazing, it makes tea that is hard to compare to anything else I've ever tried. Some people who review Teavana seem to complain about price, but I call horseshit on that. It might be a little pricey compared to storebought tea; but you're paying for quality here people. We bought about $60 worth of various types of tea from their website and in total it should 250-300 cups of tea. If you figure that out, it works out to about 25 cents a cup... pretty damn reasonable if you look at it that way. 5/5.
4	Well...since I'm on a roll, having reviewed two other Teavana locations...well, what the heck...might as well review this one, too!This is the smallest Teavana I've ever come across (and it's the fourth one I've been to).  It's about the size of a walk-in master bedroom closet in a luxury home.  So, needless to say, trying to buy tea when the place is busy is well...ummm uhhhh...an adventure.We were in AZ last month to visit our daughter and her family.  One thing we all like to do is visit the Fashion Square Mall.  So, while wandering around, we spotted Teavana.  My daughter and I decided to go in as I offered to buy her some tea.    In recent months, Teavana pared down their tea selections.  However, I swear the selection at this Teavana was a lot smaller than the ones nearest to where I live.  We had a very helpful clerk who showed my daughter various teas which helped her settle on two she would like to try.  While the clerk was putting the teas into bags, I figured I would grab a box of tea bags.  Good thinking on my part --- I ended up buying the last box in the store!  Getting to the tea bags wasn't easy, to say the least.  The place was crowded---so much so that I turned around to move toward the shelf where they were and I bumped into someone!After we bought the tea, before we left I asked the clerk if they had a list of their teas.  Usually you can count on Teavana to have those around.  Two clerks told me that they ran out of those lists!All that said, Teavana has great teas.  Once you start drinking their teas, it's awfully hard to go back to supermarket teas LOL.  In effect, you become spoiled.  If you like tea, visit a Teavana and pick out some you would like to try.  Just remember---if the place is busy it's best not to go if you're in a rush.  So save your visit when you have time to spare.
5	This is the best cup of tea I've ever had! They have lots of samples to try as well.
4	First off, the tea sold here is AMAZING! I went to the mall with my sister and 2 nieces last week and we decided to stop at teavana to sample to teas. The lady who helped us was very professional, nice, and knowledgeable about tea. I seriously obtained a thorough education within the 15 min. we spent together. I sampled this chai oolong tea and it was so good I had to buy it. The tea here isn't cheap. I bought a blended mix, so it was $25 for 4 oz of tea. I guess when you break it down though, it winds up being something like $0.10 per cup. I'll definitely be visiting this location for all of my high-end tea needs!
3	I haven't been to a Teavana but they had this amazing sample so I thought I'd try a few flavors. It was extremely packed, and I waited for about 15 minutes to be rung up. The girl "helping me" decided to spend this entire time trying to sell me various tea infusers, other flavors of tea, and tins, even though I told her multiple times that I owned several infusers and ways to store my tea. Then, I asked for 2 oz each of three flavors. The total was $64! I chalked it up to not asking the price beforehand and though annoyed, thought that maybe the amazing tea was worth it. So I got home and decided to weigh my tea - over 6 oz for each flavor! Ridiculous. I wish I hadn't just had her add the tea bags to my existing bags from shopping or I might have noticed earlier.Additionally, their samples were HEAVILY sweetened. The tea smells amazing, and is decent, but the service was awful - I felt like I was buying a used car.
1	I should have read the unappealing reviews before I accompanied my girlfriend to this location. My girlfriend was purchasing a Christmas present for a friend (16oz tea infuser tumbler and two oz of tea). The employee (no name tag female early 20's with black hair) asked my girlfriend if she wanted to smell some tea. My girlfriend agreed and when the employee removed the lid and started waving it in a fanning motion my girlfriend bent down to smell the tea and was hit in the face by the lid! We didn't know the girl was going to use it as a fan! It was bad enough to draw blood and the older over weight (possibly the manager) asked "Did you just hit her in the face with the lid?" She said she did and that she was sorry. We know she didn't do it on purpose but that's all we heard out of the so-called manager! We should have left right then and there and not purchased anything. They did wave the $4 that we spent on the cheapest tea. But still purchased $51 worth of stuff. They didn't seem concerned at all. I'LL NEVER BE BACK!
4	I would totally give this place 5 stars if it wasn't for the prices. Every staff member was so nice and helpful, but I had no idea how much their tea was. When he was ringing it up I thought I saw 4.99/ lb of tea. No, no, no, it was that price per oz. Haha needless to say I spent a lot of money, but I've heard wonderful things about their tea.
1	Every time I visit the Biltmore location I am always amazed by their customer service and willingness to show you the different teas they carry. Because of this, I was eager to take my mom in and show her. While at fashion square today we stopped in, and just happen to experience the WORST service EVER. We were not greeted after walking in, and were never asked if we needed anything. While waiting at the counter, the three employees working (1 male, 2 female) were discussing how their water system is running yellow. Seriously? Why would you talk about that in front of guest? Anyways, once I finally got one of the ladies attention she directed the other one to help me and walked away. After ordering my drink she asked why I wouldn't just buy tea. I explained to her that I don't care to make tea and she went on to inform me that I had hurt her feelings. The male interrupted and said I was wasting my money by having them make me tea since the price for what I ordered (Citrus Lavender Sage $3/glass) has now moved to $7 since Starbucks had "bought them out" and I was wasting my money. The smartest thing they could have done was just take my money. The best part.... when I called the Biltmore location I have spoke the manager on duty and asked if their price for the drink went up since Starbucks had bought them out and she said NO. Starbucks bought a partnership with them and had no influence over their pricing and she also informed me that this location is the worst. The lazy staff refuses to make drinks for people unless they are buying tea as well. WOW, if the company was smart... they would think about hiring new employees. HUGE THUMBS DOWN!!!
5	My partner and I went to return a tea pot we bought and to get some additional tea supplies. Even though we were there for a return, Julia was still helpful and attentive, answered all our questions about the various teas, it was an overall great experience.  The prices may be a little higher, but it's worth it for the outstanding customer service.
3	Stopped in here to buy the Oprah Chai Tea.  I love coming in this store to pickup a cup of tea whilst I shop too.The staff was extremely helpful.  One thing I can say, no matter the day I've gone or the time, the staff in this store is always very helpful and knowledgeable.  In addition to the occasional cup of tea and the loose tea, I've also purchased some of the tea accessories from the store.  My favorite tea cup is from Teavana.  I gave the same cup to a friend and he loves his cup and says he uses it everyday.I like this store alot.  If it were more sensible in the cost department, I would probably shop here more often.
5	Again, I don't know why Teavana has low ratings! The store people are always so nice when offering tea at the front, even when people say no to them! And they are super knowledgable about all the teas.I said it for the kierland review and I'll say it again: TEA IS EXPENSIVE! If you don't want to pay a lot for it, don't buy it. Simple as that.  I don't get why other yelpers are upset or offended by people asking if they want a free sample of tea. Tea is delicious, it is so nice that they allow you to sample. If you don't want any, don't take offense, just politely say no and be on your way.Also, tea is sort of a niche market. It's hard to sell tea to people who aren't interested, but to the few that come in that are genuinely into tea, it's a great experience. I'm sure it gets tiring trying to sell tea to the people who freeload around on the samples, but give them a break!I went in and asked what the most expensive tea was so I could get a lot for my starbucks reward, and the guy helping me was so nice about it and was encouraging me to get the Golden Dragon, their very expensive Yellow Tea. It's great, I recommend. I also recommend this store and every tea they sell.
