4	Located on Laurier about a ten minute walk east of the Laurier metro and right next to the Juliette and Chocolat, Lemeac is a great find for the foodie on a budget.After 10pm, they offer a menu at $22 of fine offerings so reasonably priced i was outright astounded. We didn't let ourselves go wild with the wine list, which looked formidable, but we did relish a bottle of San Pellegrino. I am always happy when Perrier is not the ONLY choice of sparkling water at a restaurant.All three of us order the pankoe-encrusted hot goat cheese with shaved apples and walnuts as an entree. I cannot imagine a better entree - honestly.It was such a hit, we bought pankoe instead of breadcrumbs for lamb meatballs the next day - but that's another story. Our main courses were as follows: blood pudding (which i declined tasting but which supposedly was very nice), cornish hen (which i regretted ordering not because it wasn't great, because it was, but because, well, poultry is poultry) and a short rib. The short rib was deemed the WINNER of the evening.A great find over the course of the meal was what LOOKED like mashed potatoes, but was really pureed celery root. I must try recreating this at home. If you like blood pudding, order it just to try the accompanying vegetable.There is no dessert offered on the $22 menu - but their dessert menu is fantastic AND the french toast comes in huge portions. Possibly half the size of a loaf of bread, slathered in maple syrup and with an appropriate amount of ice cream, it easily satisfies three people already well-fed. I have been having dreams about this french toast ever since.People watching at a nicer restaurant is always a blast and we lived it up. At 1am we stumbled out onto the street having missed the last metro, which provides an indication of how much we were enjoying ourselves.Call ahead for reservations.
5	I came here on my birthday with my wife and two kids.  I'm officially the only one I've ever heard of who has come here before 10pm (other than for brunch).The grown-ups got a bottle of private-import cremant that was really yummy.  We got the fois gras au torchon for the table, and it was good, but not spectacular.Our little guy had house-smoked salmon and a side of frites, and they were both fantastic.  He's a small eater, so fortunately we all got to share.Our bigger guy started with the salmon tartare with truffle oil, which was really delicious, but very intense and a lot of it, so he couldn't finish it, even with some help -- I can't imagine this as a main.  His main was the magret, which was tough for him to cut and chew;  I wished I'd been able to talk him into the short rib (partly because I wanted to try it!).Pour entree, I had the blood pudding, and it lived up to its reputation (I've heard it's the best in Montreal), although I can't imagine this one as a main either, would just be too much.  I followed that with the duck confit, which was the best I've ever had.My wife had the fish soup, which was super good, and the roasted black cod, which was probably the best dish of all, although it (alone) was a small portion.The atmosphere is great, the service was flawless, they were fine with our having kids there at 8pm (thoughtfully hid us away in a corner), and honestly I'd give it only 4 stars but I can't figure out how to justify a deduction, so, whatever, 5 stars it is!  I gotta try that short rib next time.
4	Great French cuisine at an amazing price if you go after 10pm. For $22 you get an appetizer, main, and coffee...and hell add on another $5-8 and get dessert...definitely worth it!The escargot was fantastic and served very definitely than what I'm use it...if you enjoy snails, give it a try...Other than that, the salmon and steak tartare are both excellent. Make a reservation and have an excellent evening meal!
3	After 10 pm, as others have alluded to here, there is a Late Night Menu, which my boyfriend and I sampled from last Friday night. The food (vegetable tian & escargot apps, cornish hen & steak tartare entrees) was good enough, although the escargots were a little overcooked...but the problem was that everything was rather uninspired in my opinion. Certainly I would never go to pay full price for these items. However, the most disappointing aspect of our dinner was the service. Our waitress (who was nice, it must be said) did not bring me the glass of wine I asked for, which I let go as I probably didn't need it anyway...but when we got the check (finally! it took a very long time to get it) we were charged for a whole bottle! When we noted it though, she was extremely apologetic and we did get our coffees comp'd. Still, the night was underwhelming flavor-wise and irritating service-wise. I suppose the ambiance was nice. If you want to try Lemeac, please be prudent and only go after 10 pm. There are tons of better restos in Montreal for you to spend beaucoup bucks on.
5	Yup, 5 stars! That place is awesome, as some previous yelpers wrote, they have this 22$ meal (appetizer + main course) (and not 3 courses as mention in another post). It's quite a big place, not that easy to see it. You need to know where it is otherwise, you might pass in front without noticing.I went there in the evening to benefit of their amazing 22$ after 10pm promotion. This deal is unbeatable. You get such a great quality, great service. You don't notice the waiter/waitress during your meal, it is discrete and you do feel like they were there during the right moment. Nice wine, exceptional desert, and premium product quality, homemade fries (I'm a sucker for those) and short, direct menu with a great team of cooks. They're fast, efficient and professional.I had the Onglet de Boeuf au beurre Maitre d'Hotel (shive and white wine butter). Onglet is live Bavette, quite  tasteful and pretty rare to find it in a restaurant and at your regular supermaket. I also had the Homemade rilette with some crouton. The quantity is generous and even if French Bistro tends to have small portion, I was well fed after my 2 meal courses, and a nice dessert: Chocolate Mousse, separated by thin nut-waffle and chocolate .With a wine from Pays Basque, 77.50$ (with tip + wine + desert + 1 bottle of sprinkle water) really a great deal: I'm going back there for sure!PS: With the nice temperature, dont hesitate to seat on the nice patio that has a touch of intimacy. There was a lot of couple, so for a late night lunch for a couple; it can't go wrong!
4	what a cute local spot! as we were at our last night in canada and spent our week-long trip trying out international delights we were determined to enjoy at least one french meal and were so glad that our friend recommended this restaurant a few blocks from his flat! we arrived on a thursday night and the place was crowded (reservations definitely recommended) but were lucky and got a seat at the patio. i was afraid that it'd be cold but the patio is lined by heaters and well-enclosed so we were all comfy. we started with the pork rillette (prepared similar to pate - generous portion, smooth, and rich) and i ordered the duck confit entree. it came with a HUGE serving of greens and potatoes to compliment the duck. the duck was tender, salty, and flavorful. forrest y ordered the salted salmon and was surprised that it was in broth but polished it off happily.as other reviewers have noted, the late night meal deal seems like a great deal and the service is great here - friendly and professional - and the spot is definitely warm and welcoming to families too (unlike some of the other snotty french restaurants we spotted in the area).
3	This place was cute, and definitely very reasonably priced. They have a prix fixe after 10pm for 22 dollars for a appetizer and entree. We got a great bottle of Rioja for $45 which was a fantastic deal. The appetizers were good. We ordered rillettes and gazpacho, both of which i would recommend. The only thing that we weren't happy with, were the entrees. I ordered a steak which was very chewy and had no flavor. My boyfriend ordered steak tartare, with medium spicyness. This had absolutely no flavor. It coud have been tuna tartare for all we knew. Good deal, go after 10pm for the prix, but don't order the beef!
5	One of my top 3 restaurants in Montreal. Both the salmon and beef tartars are excellent. I've tried every item on the menu (it doesn't change much) and will have the salmon tartar as appetizer and the beef tartar as my main course during half my visits. The wine list is extensive and has many private imports. As you may have read in other reviews, the $22 menu after 10PM is probably one of the best deals in town for a restaurant like Lemeac. A reservation is strongly recommended, as the place is most often full.
3	i just came back from Montreal, and maybe i had high expectations.  After all, Montreal is voted #2 food city in North America.  I'm so proud of our lovely San Francisco is being voted #1 food city in North America!I picked this place because of $22 menu (appetizer and entree) after 22:00.  It is a very nice restaurant with outdoor seating.  I highly recommend to reserve a outdoor seating because inside can be a little hot during summer.  we had snails and house made potted "rillettes" for appetizers.  Both are just a-ok, but for $22, i really shouldn't complain.  For entrees, we had hanger steak and sea salt salmon "pot au feu".  i highly recommend to stay away from those two entrees.  we asked for medium rare for steak, but it was burned outside, and well down inside.  the salmon pot au feu came out really really bland and a little fishy.  It turned out our bottle of wine is the highlight of the dinner.
3	Nice buz, crowd for lunch is chic. Food quite average. Not worth going out of your way
4	Two words:FRENCH TOAST. The End.Seriously, just have the french toast. The dinner fare was nothing special or memorable. In fact, I think my pork was overcooked and so tough that I ended up sending it back to the kitchen. I'm sure brunch would be amazing (based on the french toast), but I don't recommend going for dinner.Desserts rank high on my food list, so my four stars are solely based on my french toast experience.
3	Boy do we wish that we had this restaurant close to us.  We agree, wait to go after 10 pm, the $22 meal is a fabulous deal.  There were so many items we wanted to try and if we lived here we would definitely frequent it often.  Service is definitely not its strong suit.  We think our waiter maybe acknowledged us once during the meal which was when he gave us incorrect info about coffee being included in the $22 deal.  We started off with the escargot served with little pastas and a delicious basil butter.  The crab cakes were great too! Not too much fluff, and had a lot of crab meat in it.  For our dinner we had the braised short ribs served over pearl barley.  Unfortunately, the short ribs were slightly overcooked.  We also had the beef tartare with fries, the beef was amazing.  We could not get enough!  Even though the pain perdu for dessert came highly recommended, we had to pass since we were so stuffed!
4	Nice, open, seating plan, not so comfortable chairs, extensive wine list (that I didn't sample because the night before was rough)  I went right for it and had the following sent out in this order: beef tartare, homemade blood sausage, and fois gras.  Quite a lunch.  All worth trying.  he only change I mage was to have French Fries with the tartare instead of matchstick potatos.  All tasty and filling.   I will leave Montreal a fatter, more decadent American.
3	HOLY LOUDNESS!! I had to scream to be able to talk to the person right in front of me, because of all the people talking so loud and not the music, because there isn't any at all. But hey, it's a French bistro so that's what it's about i guess.. but this was too loud for my liking. Not a sexy vibe, not romantic. But more if you're looking for a typical French upscale casual business vibe. Food was god but not memorable.
4	I prefer L'Express for food and ambience but Lemeac offered up a delicious dinner as well in a bistro-like atmosphere.  Their gazpacho was the best I've ever had, cool, sour, savory, and fresh all at once.  I had the crab cake as a small main course, but the tartar-sauce equivalent it came with was too mayonnaise-y for me and not salty enough and the crab cake felt dry and stringy without the sauce.  The cucumber salad that accompanied the crab cake was delicious and neatly presented by finely shredding the cucumber like vermicelli.  We ordered a side of green beans as a salad which popped with minced salad and just enough acidity.  The beans were very nicely prepared.For dessert we shared a piece of brillat savarin -- my favorite cheese, and the piece Lemeac served was exactly as creamy as it should have been.  I highly recommend the Sauternes as well.
4	Great food! Great service! No air conditioning !!! This place is a definite repeat but not in when the outside temperature is above 23!!!
4	Three words:  22 at 22.Well now it's 25 at 22, but the point is, you get a great deal after 22h/10pm.  One appetizer, an entree, and a coffee or tea to round it out.  The selections are plenty, and they also allowed me to select one of their daily specials.  So, I ordered the short rib appetizer, duck confit entree, and a chamomile tea.The short rib appetizer.  Hm.  At first I thought they had mistakenly brought me the entree portion.  A thick, rectangular piece of short ribs that are falling off in tenderness (they are not on the bone when presented to you), and surrounded by a melange of cubed watermelon and cilantro.  Interesting combination, but does it work well?  Heck yes!  I loved getting a piece of beef, watermelon, and cilantro all on my fork and in one bite.  Tasty with bursts of slightly sweet and juicy, to green and lively, and the richness of the meat settling in.  Frankly, I was quite full at this point.  But here came the duck confit, with a side of roasted fingerling potatoes and a giant spinach/green salad topped with a soft vinaigrette.  The duck confit was my first taste ever, and it was good.  I wouldn't say I loved it, but I'm just not used to that flavor.  It's also quite rich, but also has a distinct poultry scent and flavor.  Sort of like a stronger Thanksgiving turkey.  But the skin was so crisp and yummy, and the meat was moist, and its own fat had melted into it, creating quite a nice texture and depth of flavor.  The chamomile tea at the end was just the right ending.The service is A+!  My waitress was so sweet, and so helpful, and accommodated my silly questions and that I didn't speak any French.  I don't know why I've heard stories about the Quebecois not caring for Americans, because I never got that impression on this trip.  Great town, great people!  The restaurant itself is sort of a "crisp" bistro.  It's not too cozy, but it does have a slight romantic/fine dining touch to it.  There's a nice bar along one side, and then tables within.  I don't recall any booths.  Nice, large windows with a pleasant view of Avenue Laurier Ouest... and the shops that line it.  Nothing is really open around there that late, but it's still quite safe as I walked around a bit afterward.I'd love to come here for brunch someday, when I'm back in Montreal.  Oh, I saw someone order the French toast dessert, and holy moly.  It's like two thick (4"?) slices of brioche French toast, and a scoop of vanilla ice cream (or was it creme fraiche?)..   it looked incredible, but probably could feed a table of 4.  Or even 6.  Get here at 10pm (they close at midnight, I believe), and you're in for a treat with a decent pricetag.  I was here on a Sunday night at 10pm, and let me tell you, there was a good-sized crowd.  Pretty neat, because I don't ever see this in LA!  Only dreadful diners and fast food are open that late  around here. :-D
4	Great restaurant! I've never been disappointed. The food is consistently good, and the service is very professional.
5	Love, love, love!!!  Just enough European tradition and modern energy. From staff, to plating presentation, to food, to wine, to staff....excellent.  I recommend the French Toast dessert.  It will definitely make you want to slap somebody.  Bravo!!!!
4	I thoroughly enjoyed my meal at the restaurant.  Service was friendly, and the environment was exciting.  It clearly gets VERY busy after 10pm due to the $25 special for 2-courses.  I arrived well before that, and it was still busy and quite loud.I had the calamari appetizer (pretty good, nothing outstanding) and the hangar steak with frites.  The steak was more well-done than I had asked (I asked for medium, I got medium-well with no pink), but still very tasty.  The frites/fries were OUTSTANDING - you MUST get this as a side no matter what you order!   For dessert I had the Pain Perdu (french toast) - MASSIVE portion but OMG was this every good!  Others ordered dessert, and these definitely seemed to be the highlight of the meal.This restaurant is well-worth the trip!
2	Bah. I dunno. Expensive, 'OK' food, but SO overpriced.I've probably just been in Vancouver too long where the options for dinner at a reasonable price (i.e., $50/person including wine) are numerous and delicious. Or maybe i'm just taking resto suggestions from the wrong people (read: people who make way more money than me). But i wasn't impressed with Lemeac. I guess if i'm giong to order an entree for $36 I expect a salad and dessert with it too! It just doesn't compute for me unless i'm ordering lobster or something. But it seems like this is the norm all over Montreal (or again, at the places people suggest to me). I know there are tons of great dives but I was hoping for a really awe inspiring "OMG food in Montreal is so much better than Vancouver" experience and on my last day, I have yet to experience. I guess I really am a Vancouverite...
5	I loved the food here! They had the best Vegetable Tian here! (Thinly sliced vegetables with thinly sliced cheese baked, and shaped into a pretty little cadeaux of vegetable goodness)I had the Scallops with fingerling potatoes, and the meal couldn't be more perfect! Everything was seasoned well, and just so tasty! My friend and I shared the French Toast dessert, and super glad we did, cause it was like they served us a loaf of bread for dessert!
4	An awesome brunch experience!In from out of town, we chose this place based upon reviews we saw on here and on trip advisor and I can tell you that it did not disappoint. Our meal was delicious from the Rillettes that we started with all the way through the coffee at the end. I got the poached eggs with sausage, bacon and fingerling potatoes. The sausage was flavorful and meaty, as opposed to the salty and fatty ones that I've had elsewhere and the potatoes were perfectly cooked, light and tasty, not starchy. In our group of 4, this meal rated as the best meal out of the 4 days we were in Montreal and our meals included stops at Liverpool House, L' Avenue and Brasserie T among others. I only wish I was in town longer so that I could've tried the dinner service.
4	After eating at several great places in Montreal (including my gold standard of Europea), I was a little disappointed in Lemeac.  After a few Montreal residents told me that it's one of the best- if not the best- in Montreal, I was expecting a lot.  Unfortunately, the menu is basic and really has no frills and there are no amuse bouche to make you feel special.  Admittedly, we didn't take full advantage of the Sommelier's expertise which is apparently another reason to go here.  The food was wonderful, but it didn't leave me with that "I just had a unique, fabulous meal" feeling.  The pommes frites are, however, the best you'll ever have.  The service is outstanding.  All in all, this place is quality but not a special experience.
5	Sometimes you need a good meal late at night.  The food here is great, the service is great, and they even have a deal when it gets late.
3	Traditional bistro food done well.  A bit pricey for what you get though.  Had the beef tartar entree which was a bit too much for one person.  Recommend the appetizer portion. Goes great with a glass of light red.  Go after 10pm for a really good deal.
5	A sign that I know a restaurant is great is when being led to my table and the food from every table I pass looks and smells amazing.A sign that I know a restaurant is great in Montreal is when the above happens and almost none of the guests are speaking English.Both boxes are checked at Lemeac.  Lemeac is in the upscale Outremont neighborhood behind Parc du Mont-Royal and is almost devoid of tourists.  The French bistro style is full effect here and they have a large covered side patio that has about 15 tables.  We sat outside on a warm summer evening and the whole place was buzzing with activity.  We had the steak frites and the roast duck.  The steak was a perfectly prepared hanger steak, cooked medium.  The roast duck was served sliced, which is usually a bad thing, but it was cooked to order (rare) and was very tender.  It came served with 2 meat ravioli, shiitake mushrooms, bok choi, with a sweet & sour sauce.  Sounds like  a bit too much, but all this extra stuff was almost background noise, with the excellent duck at center stage.The service here was excellent as well.
2	We were disappointed here. The food was excellent, but service disappointing for these prices.  Excellent gazpacho, scallops and profiteroles. But we waited almost an hour between appetizers and main course, during which time our server, who had otherwise been friendly, helpful and attentive, ignored us, probably embarrassed by what was a snafu somewhere.  When we first mentioned to the manager that many others who arrived after us were served long ago, he gave a nonsensical response about kitchen teams.  When one of our party complained after the meal, the manager somewhat grudgingly comped our dessert selections.  I know everyone makes mistakes, but a sincere apology would have gone a long way to make these diners feel like their patronage was appreciated.  We all thought the food was outstanding, but the way we were treated marred what could have been a wonderful dining experience.
3	I wanted to love Lemeac. I really did. It was our first night in Montreal and the reviews were so positive and the menu looked so delicious. In a nutshell, it was an ok brasserie meal for two that cost us $170! We each had one entree, shared a bottle of wine and shared a dessert. I ordered the steak frites and the steak was very good: cooked perfectly and smothered in butter. The fries were no better than Mc Donalds fries. My husband had short ribs which were very good but nothing spectacular. WeShared the assorted ice cream and sorbet plate which consisted of one amazing ice cream (basil) and 3 mediocre sorbets (strawberry, mango and pineapple). The service was wonderful and our server extremely helpful but this is by no means one of the best restaurants in Montreal and certainly not worth the high end price tag.
5	My first night in Montreal, I went to Lemeac with my boyfriend. As usual, we read reviews on yelp and decided to go because of the $27 appetizer + entree after 10pm.After comparing with a few other restaurants, we booked through yelp right away because of the price of course, and due to late lunch that day.Since it was after 10pm, it was pretty hard to find and a little bit scary to walk around the area (we took public transportation). There were many English-speaking customers inside the restaurant and it was very very loud. So we decided to sit in the patio. It was romantic and pretty but a little bit dark. My boyfriend ordered crab cake for appetizer and I ordered fried goat cheese salad.The crab cake and the tartar sauce was delicious but nothing really special.Goat cheese salad was good but it was too heavy to finish it before a main dish so I didn't finish it. The apple and walnut salad part was very fresh and tangy.Now the main entree! We ordered steak and fries, and the braised short ribs. The steak was AMAZING. The shape was unique (long horizontally shaped), perfectly cooked, melted in my mouth. It was the best steak I ever had in my life. There was herbed butter and salt on top which pushed the taste to the next notch. Fries were not soggy and fried just right  but again, nothing really special about it. I did not really like the braised short ribs but my boyfriend loved it. It had a lot of flavours going on.. like lots of herbs. There was barley stew at the bottom... which wasn't my thing.. to much herbs.. and minty flavours. BUT my boyfriend loved it so I guess it all depends on if you like herbs or not. He also loved the steak and we wanted to come back the next night !!!We didn't order any extra stuff.. just had our appetizer and the entree and it came to around 60 dollars for both of our meals. Service was good, nothing to bad, servers could speak English finely.I recommend it strongly !!! Great price + Excellent food!
4	Had an excellent brunch at Lemeac: innovative dishes that were expertly prepared. Poached egg on potatoe-filled blinis with smoked salmon and Spanish caviar, and potatoe-leek-goat cheese tartelette topped with a fried egg. Side: a bowl of freshly prepared doughnuts. Fabulous!The one disappointment was the coffee, which was simply undrinkable. Atmosphere & decor are also somewhat dated. But the food was exquisite!
5	Montreal has so many great restaurants and this is near the top of the list.  Trendy, but not snobby, with a great selection of wines and French dishes.  I had the beef tartare and vegetable tian--delicious!  They are also known for their steaks, short ribs, and french fries.  The variety of dishes, the wine list, the friendly staff, and the hip decor make this a top notch restaurant.  And if you visit after 10PM, they have a lower priced menu.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants anywhere.  I've probably been there 4-5 times now and try and get there for 1 night whenever I'm in Montreal (2x this year).  The latest visit was a few weeks ago with a buddy of mine.The boudin maison is a star.  It's not like sausage that you'd have with, say, boudin aux pommes....it's more like a mousse it's so light in texture.  Not too big a serving or too heavy either.Trying to remember what I had this last time.  My buddy had the magret de canard which he enjoyed.  I believe I had the confit.  Their salmon tartare is also a standout appetizer.We started out with a red Bandol, which was pretty good.  But then took a gamble on a high-end Vins de Pays from the Languedoc.  We had the 2005 Flacon de Marie from Domaine Pech Redon.  It's always interesting to sample a wine that's made outside of the AOC straightjacket system.  This wine was excellent and I need to find a source in NYC area.  It's mostly Syrah (50%) with some Cab (40%) and a third cepage I've never heard of.  I'm partial to Syrahs and mostly drink northern Rhone but there's good value in the Languedoc.  Christophe Bousquet produced a winner and thanks to Lemeac for putting this on the carte de vin.  It would match well with most of their dishes.If you are dining alone or with just one other person the bar/counter is also a great spot.
5	Went for Brunch. On weekends, they offer it from 10 to 3. Great food, good atmosphere, and pretty reasonable price.
5	Amazing. If you're in Montreal, just make reservations. Seriously, you won't be disappointed.
4	Cool place. Good professional service. Tasty fresh and well cooked food. Good choice of wines by the glass. Being in a rich neighborhood, the guest look somewhat serious and business like. The ambiance, though, is quite laid back. Sure value!
4	Very good.  I'm coming back soon.
4	VERY GOOD. This is pretty much a classic establishment offering very good food. The menu is full of traditional Quebecois style food, all of which is prepared excellently. The wine list is very good, not extensive in terms of vast quantities, but very well selected offerings in several price ranges.  The atmosphere and clientele both seemed to meander between classy and casual ... both could feel comfortable here sitting side by side. The space inside was bright with a lot of natural light, tables spill out to the patio running the length of the side wall all of which give Lemeac an open feeling. I like this place a lot.
4	They have a great late-night menu for a very good price! Try the salmon "pot-au-feu" - it's delicious!
4	I have actually not taste the food from this restaurant but my friend bought a wine from there and it taste so good and I'm tempted to come over here and have a real experience.
4	Amazing food but not great service I highly recommend the veal with fresh tomato and mozzarella so tasty and flavorful but the waiters were not very attentive.
3	With so many great options in this neighborhood, this is my least favorite. A favorite amount some locals, I simply find the food inconsistent, the service spotty, and the atmosphere pretentious. It is modern in its ambiance and you'll usually find the well to do professional francophone dominating the scene. My American friends find it fascinating.
5	We were shown rue Laurier by a local, for my birthday dinner. From the moment we walked in, we felt welcomed by the staff. Our servers were friendly and accommodating to us with our extremely limited French. Menus were delivered in English and French, and we did not at all feel out of place by using English. The food. Oh my goodness, amazing! We sampled and shared from both the Appatizer selection & Entree's : Grilled calamari and zucchini, lemon and balsamic vinaigrette flavorful and fresh, Escargots, portabella mushroom and tomato ragout, basil butter sauce, my first time with escargots and I was pleasantly surprised; and  Panko crusted goat cheese, apple and walnut salad, maybe the best of three starters. What we noticed was that the items were all very good independently, however, the chef is tremendously skilled, and the food danced with the items it was paired with. The Beef tartare & matchstick potatoe, may be the best tartare I've ever eaten Dinner consisted of: Shrimp salad, grilled sesame oil vinaigrette, Mushroom ravioli, demi-glace, pine nuts and aragula, Roasted duck breast, ravioli, shiitakes, bok choy and sweet and sour sauce and Asparagus and wild mushroom risotto. Each dish burst with flavor and excitement. The only thing we noticed, was that the risotto, while an entree, would have been an excellent side. We shared all of our meals and it was perfect. The risotto on it's own might be too much, or not quite enough! Over all, SUPURB and highly recommended :-).
4	First date spot with my wife, which was one of the best dinners ever for me. The food is delicious and they have a very unique wine list with a lot of private importation. That being said, this city has many wonderful bistros. This is NOT the absolute best or the least expensive. The vibe is relaxed and quite elegant. They also have a great terrace.I don't come here that often, but I suggest taking advantage of their cheap prix fixe $22 after 22h. That is a huge winner for you night owls! 1 Star: Avoid the town in which this place is located just to be safe.  2 Star: With so many great places to choose from, why risk this one?3 Star: I'll try it again or consume here in a pinch.4 Star: I go here regularly if financially and/or calorically feasible.5 Star: I look forward to taking my wife or friends here.
5	Definitely a date restaurant. Great wine selection. I ordered a canard confit with a salad and it was delicious. Order the French toast dessert, it's absolutely decadent. The terrace is great on a warm summer night and the staff was kind.
4	My partner and I were sent to Lemeac by the concierge staff at Hotel Gault, where we always enjoy staying in Old Montreal. I doubt we would have found this lovely brasserie on our own. The establishment is a bit outside of central Montreal, so, taking a taxi is essential in cold weather.I was thoroughly impressed with Lemeac. The place had a nice vibe to it, and like most hit restaurants in Montreal, it was packed with all sorts of characters enjoying themselves. When we arrived, we were seated at their cozy dining bar, with very comfortable chairs, even though there wasn't a lot of elbow room. Oh well, the cuisine, service, wine, and ambience made up for it!The modern Quebec cuisine is served with little fuss, in large portions. Pork rillettes were excellent, a must try; my main dish was equally delicious and satisfying. Had no room for dessert.Service was really great, even though the two ladies behind the bar were extremely busy mixing drinks, pouring wines, making coffee, and so on. They did their best to make us feel welcomed. The wine list is impressive, with many lovely French bottles to choose from, at wonderfully affordable prices, such as Mercurey rouge, for $65 or so a bottle. Yep, order me another bottle, merci!Can't go wrong dining here.
5	We booked a table for seven as we were having a three way birthday celebration.Our table was ready to go as soon as we arrived which was great as with a lot of busy restaurants even though you've made a reservation they're not always ready.Everyone had an appetizer and a main and I couldn't help myself and also had a dessert.The appetizer I had was the grilled calamari which was cooked perfectly. I also tried the panko crusted goat cheese which was delicious and the beef tartare which was one of the best I've had in the city.The main I ordered was the hanger steak as I haven't had a good steak in a while. The butter that is served on top of the steak adds so much depth and highlights a perfectly cooked medium. I had a slice of the herb crusted calf liver and it was so delicious that it would definitely be what I order the next time I visit.For dessert I couldn't look past the french toast especially as I'm an addict for anything caramel. I shared it with a few people at my table and it was truly one of the most decadent things I've eaten in a while.If I had the scrilla I would book a table every couple of weeks as the restaurant has amazing food, great service and the location is in a lovely part of town.
4	Excellent service and food if you are into French. I had ordered duck confit and it was good. I liked the dessert better with toffee and caramel.
5	Came here for the after 10pm menu! So totally worth it ! The restaurant atmosphere was really nice, service was awesome (waiters were all so good looking :O), and the food was amazing! We ordered the crab cake and the rillette. Crab cake was nice but I liked the salad on the side even more!. My friend liked the rillette, I've never had it before but I think it's pretty good.For the entree we ordered the duck leg confit and the roasted beef short rib with barley. The duck leg was cooked perfectly, the skin was so delicious crispy and fat . Roast rib was also really nice, falls apart easily and tasty. Will definitely come back. Good place for a date!
4	I was so eager to try out their late night menu so I dragged my boyfriend there for a late dinner. I got snails as appetizer and short rib as main dish. The snails were awesome, good balance of flavour with the little chewy pasta and mushroom. The short rib? I was actually full from the appetizer. But the barley was too hard, in my opinion. Their portion was big! Too bad I didn't try their deserts. My boyfriend got the calamari. It was grilled with olive oil and freshened up with some lemon. Good taste!Overall good dining experience!Can't wait to try their brunch some time!
5	Wow, wow, wow. This restaurant made me fall in love with Montreal as being one of top cities for good food.To be honest, dinner was great, but I can't really recall what I had. What I do remember is the French Toast Dessert afterward! I polished off every bite and fought my colleague off from stealing from my plate. I don't care if I gained 10 pounds that evening, every bite was worth it.
5	It had been MANY years since returning to Montreal and walking about the downtown area we came across this charming and low key cool, very classy establishment. We were seated immediately even though they were busy. Our waiter was so professional, personable and attentive. He recommended items and guided us in the right direction for our individual appetites. After quickly determining which of the guests could speak some, if any, French, he went about the business of providing us a pleasurable atmosphere. This is a 3-4 $ coded place if you choose to make it so, but certainly worth every penny. True French Onion soup, wonderful Tenderloin Medallion,amazing Chocolate Mousse for sharing sided with a Tokajii for sipping- my pleasure- and I will return.
4	Unlike Paris restaurants in Montreal do not stay open late, but Lemeac is one place you can have a nice dinner after 10PM.  I've eaten here twice now, once for an early dinner at 7PM, and another after 10.  I prefer coming here later in the evening. Their Moules et frites (mussels and fries) is great! It'll remind you of a good bistro in France.  The service is attentive and nice atmosphere.
1	Food is okay, but service was one of the worst I've ever seen.  Perhaps the waiter didn't like us because we only ordered appetizers and beer?  But I would not expect this kind of attitude at this kind of restaurant.
2	Average fare, and the service was a bit slow... Ordered the green salade from the Table d'Hote it was very good...but in all not really as good as it sounded from the reviews.
5	Alright this is really good. Blood pudding weird but so tastyEscargots niceSmoke salmon also good but I would try different more interesting appsCalamari excellent on the big side for appMy son thinks it should be 6 stars.Main coarse Calf liver was to die forBeef tartar fresh and tasty both son and husband ordered thisShort ribs yes it fell off the bone Waitress smiling all the time. Incredible service. They call a cab for us too.We had the best table in between the inside but was outside next to AC vent.Will try to go back before heading to Quebec.Life is good!
5	Blood pudding, cod and rib were all awesome! Great service as well.  Highly recommended
5	Best breakfast ever! you have to try thisPlace great staff , Good Location fresh food and They know how to combine ingredients! excellent service!
4	Went there yesterday night and the food and service was really good. Great atmosphere, great customer base, I will definitely go back another time as finding good service these days is hard!
4	Great place great crowd excellent service. I was surprised at the level of service and attention we had yesterday night so I will definitely go back for some of that!
4	Excellent dessert.  We stopped in after dinner for a sweet treat and we weren't disappointed.  My wife had the French Toast with ice cream and caramel sauce.  It may have ruined us for any other French Toast.  The slice was thick and light.  The sauce and ice cream were the perfect complement.   I had the chocolate tartelette.   The dark chocolate combined with the ginger ice cream and ginger syrup drizzled on the plate, was perfectly balanced.  It was a great end to our day!
5	Best late fancy dining so far! Their menu after 10pm has a big selections with a very affordable price rate. Read more on my blog http://theforbiddenmeal.com/2014/10/12/lemeac-lets-dine-after-10pm/
5	A great spot for a luxurious lunch.  The room is beautiful and our waitress was amazing.  They have a good price on a lovely two course lunch prix fixe.  I had Brussels with Lardon and goat cheese to start - a gorgeous grilled veal as my main - the side of kale was one of the loveliest kale I've ever eaten.  For dessert we were expertly steered to the pain perdu which has ruined me for any other French toast ever - get it!!!
5	Everything was perfect about this place. Food was incredible and the service was friendly and fast. Did I mention generous doses of smoked salmon topped with caviar in a magical sauce? And the egg was poached perfectly. We are very picky about brunch and this place hit the target so hard. The leek and asparagus tart was also delicious - hand cut bacon, fresh crust, very french and very not-american. We'll be coming back.
5	I've tried some fabulous restaurants in Montreal, but Lemeac is the one that has motivated me to go online to write a review.  The service from the start and throughout was fantastic.  The ambiance was wonderful with a diverse clientele; it sounded noisy but not so loud that I couldn't hold a conversation across the table.  The food was delicious.  I had the escargot with pesto and pasta for a starter and it was rich, tasty, and satisfying.  My friend loved the squash soup.  My main course I had the steak frites which in my opinion is the most simple and basic dish a French bistro can offer, which on the flip side can also be the most difficult as it can be easily the most disappointing if it doesn't meet expectations.  This one was delicious.  My friend had the most amazing dish in the salmon pot de feu, which I had to sample and was rustic and tongue tantalizingly satisfying.  The salmon went very well in the broth.  The evening was not without issues, but like a good business the staff handled it with aplomb.  Upon checking in they initially couldn't find our reservations, but the hostess dug deeper and seated us.  The original bottle of wine we ordered, a 2009 Piedmont nebbiolo turned out to be cooked with the beginnings of oxidation, but we sent it back no problem and went with a 2012 Oregon pinot noir with no further issue.  The waitress who's name I didn't catch was amazingly attentive.  I love that we were able to sit and linger for a bit to finish our conversation.  When we were ready to leave we asked for the bill, which is as it should be.  I also learned that there is a $25 prix fixe menu that offers almost everything available on the main menu starting at 10:00 pm every night.  Definitely I will drop by again and maybe it will be a late night supper next time.  I recommend others come here too if the goal is a wonderful dining experience with great food.  Don't miss out!
5	Awesome place - my fav brunch place in Montreal! Their French toast is to die for!
2	I found this restaurant overpriced and just trying to be something that it is not. My boyfriend and I decided to try a new place and wanted to go for a semi-formal nice dinner. We went at 8:30 on a Saturday night and the place was packed- at first a good sign. They sat us in this little alcove area and the chairs were very uncomfortable patio furniture. The menu offered a nice selection and we started with appetizers and cocktails. My cocktail, the cucumber Tom Collins, was quite watered down and I don't think my boyfriend enjoyed his Manhattan either. I ordered a mushroom ravioli starter with pine nuts and arugula- the best dish of the night. It was extremely fresh and delicious despite the fact that the dish was covered in oil. For my main course, I ordered the scallops. The dish was swimming in a few cm of butter. The portion was a nice size, but the quality was not great and everything was washed in the butter. My boyfriend ordered a nice bottle of French wine but it was extremely overpriced and not very good. We ended with dessert- I got the fruit with basil and coconut sorbet. The fruit wasn't as ripe as I would have liked but the sorbet was good.While the food overall was ok, the place seemed overpriced. It was trying to be a classy, chic French restaurant when in fact it was just a mediocre meal in a quite loud environment. In the future, I think we'll stick to the old port for nice French meals. We definitely will not be coming back here.
5	No doubt this is a 5 star resto. The mussels were amazing. The crabcake was incredibly delicioius. Awesome wine list. One of Montreal's finest restaurants.
5	Delicious food! The concierge at the Ritz Carlton told us about this place. I had the hangar steak and it didn't disappoint! If you want French with generous proportions, you need to try this restaurant.
3	The food is very good. I had the salmon tartare and the mussels, which were both excellent. So what up with the three star rating?  On the wine glasses there is a very subtle white line to make sure servers don't overpour you. I found that to be completely ridiculous!  That's something I would expect from a chain restaurant like Applebee's.  Obviously there is an overly anal manager in charge. Sorry but I just can't get over it. Pretty tacky!
