5	When this angel and her hip family member who is in-the-Vegas-know want sinfully fresh sushi, this is where we go.  Late Friday and Saturday nights, try the bar, it's a good locale for you and your crew to hold court and court trouble. Before he got his moniker, the Runaway Groom and I started our night of Vegas flash with some substantive and incredibly satisfying  fare.  We couldn't get enough of the  excellent rolls, fresh sashimi, great donburi and nice udon noodles. Check out the daily specials, because they're usually really good.   I have never been disappointed with the food nor the service. The Runaway Groom, however is another matter. He turned out to be a stale puffer, unlike the fresh, tasty and exotic fish featured this place. Overall: Runaway from the Strip - do not walk  - to this place for excellent sushi, great service and interesting characters.
5	Hamada's been a staple of Vegas dining for two decades.  Located on Flamingo and Paradise in Restaurant Row, their new building houses some of the best Japanese food and sushi in town.  You'll pay the price for the quality you get, but the experience is worth it.The large, dark wood dining area makes the space intimate despite the fact that it's pretty big.  It's bar is hopping on the weekend with tourists and locals alike, coming in before or after the show for a drink and some sushi.  The hostesses are a delight, and the service has always been great.  I'm a fan of tempura.  A really, really big fan.  A nice big piece of sweet potato tempura can make my day, and I don't say that lightly."So, Crystal, how's it going today?""Oh, not too bad.  Well, you know, my dog died and I have shin splints and I got fired, but I went to Hamada and had this AMAZING sweet potato tempura, so life if great."And Hamada, just like everything they do, does tempura right.  All of their selections have always hit the spot.  Their teriyaki is light and not too sweet, the rolls are big, fresh and satisfying, and although they have some of the freshest and most delicious sushi in town, their fish tank is still full of colorful friends to keep you company.For locals in the vicinity, they have lunch specials that are out of this world!  For under $10, you can get a chicken teriyaki/shrimp and veggie tempura combo that's available for dine in and carry out.Tatami rooms and Teppan grills are also available, making Hamada a great one stop place that does everything right.
4	With Endless Sushi joints available in Vegas, Hamada has always been there for us. Last night I sat at the sushi bar of this Las Vegas institution. Even though the building has changed in the past five years, the sushi has not. With it's central, yet off strip location its the easiest place to get a bite before a show or after a concert due to NOT having to walk through a casino. Hamada's welcoming and friendly staff remember I want hot tea and miso soup! Amazing! If possible arrive early to snag an order of the fantastic Sea Bass, it is unbelievable and goes quickly. Another signature is the "burning man" roll which is topped off with a blow torch!This Las Vegas staple is always open late and you'll be greeted with a sincere smile and cold sake. Weather you sit in the dining room with a large group at the teppen tables with strangers or at the sushi bar, you will get fantastic sushi.**don't forget to ask the hostess for the special gum that they give out. It is one of the best treats of the meal!!
4	I first ate at Hamada's branch at the Luxor - now closed. I then tried the branch at the Hawaiian Marketplace - now closed. Here's hoping I don't cause the main location to close as well!Hamada is a solid, middle of the road establishment. The sushi is good, but its real strength is in the many interesting appetizers and smaller courses, such as:*  shishamo: broiled whole smelt, full of roe. Eat each small fish whole, head and all. It's a lot better than it sounds.*  hamachi kama: grilled yellowtail cheek.  There's only a little bit of edible flesh, but what flesh it is - very rich and flavorful.  Highly recommended.*  ankimo: monkfish liver pate. It sounds weird and looks weird, but is very good: solid yet creamy and very rich. I had this a while ago, and don't know if it's still available. Ask for it if you don't see it on the menu.
4	Went there 7/15/07.   Great food, nice setup.  We were there on a sunday night, ~9PM, and initially had the place nearly to ourselves.  By ~10:30PM it had filled up a bit, and we could tell the place is a definite late-night hangout.  Went to the original, main location.   Ordered the sushi dinner (~$30), some dinner combo with a tuna tartar, shrimp tempura, terayaki chicken, a delicious rolled beef-with-scallions thing, and some salmon roll (~$34) and a spider roll (~$10).  sushi dinner was one each of salmon, tuna, whitefish, squid, egg, squid, surf clam, and a set of tuna rolls.  the dinner combo was HUGE, more than any one person could reasonably eat...   all the food was very good - on par with the better sushi restaurants I've had in Boston, NY, or Portland.  Spider roll was very good - well sized, and the crab flavor came through.overall, we spent ~$100 on a very big (too much food) meal for two, at high quality (no liquor or beer).  Would definitely go again, but the sushi dinner and the combo and extra roll were about right for 3.
4	I love to bring groups of 6+ to this place.  How can it go wrong?  Good friends, alcohol, meat and a hibachi grill = fantastic way to kick off an evening.
4	The place is nice and not too far from the strip. I enjoyed the appetizer you get with your meals.  The miso soup is awesome and the sushi kicks a**. The only thing I didnt like was the katsu bowl I ordered. The taste got really boring but other than that "thumbs up"
2	This restaurant sits right next to the Rio Seafood Buffet (aka Village Seafood Buffet or VSB) so the competition for salmon sashimi is fierce.  On this past Saturday night, the line for the VSB was packed and surely the wait was over an hour.  So we saw this restaurant, which had the huge sign of "All you can eat sushi for $29.99" and we were delighted to give it a shot.After we came in, we saw a little insert on the table detailing the "rules" of the all you can eat festivities.  I'm not kidding.... there are lots of rules to this all-you-can-eat offer.  Let me list a few of the rules: you must finish you current order before you can order more; you must finish all parts of the order, including rice; there is no sashimi, just sushi; this offer is good for only 1.5 hours; you have to eat the sushi upside down.  Ok I am joking about the last one.The sushi is good, but I've had better.  The service was a little slow especially considering we only had 1.5 hours to do this.  In addition, you cannot order any uni (sea urchin), toro (fatty tuna) without paying extra for each order.
3	This was leg four of five in the quest for super late vegas sushi... they had a sign saying they served until 2am on a Monday night with the last seating at 1am... and they seemed to mean it.  We got there at 1:07 am and the doors were locked.  So yeah, this review is for the exterior of the building.  Anyway, we still had one name on our list... Kaizen, but no address... the adventure would continue...
1	ATROCIOUS! I'm a lover of all that is sushi and so when I had one of my common sushi cravings and I just happened to pass by this place, I said to myself, "why not." BIG MISTAKE. I was actually just going to get take out cause I didn't feel like eating there. So i went to the bar for take out orders and was not even greeted by the bartender with a menu for like 15 minutes! Then when he finally gave me a menu he has the nerve to tell me, "i'm running a little bit late and i have to set up for tonight. do you mind just writing your order down for me?" At first I thought that was so lame, but being a server myself It thought, "yeah, why not. it happens. i'll give him some slack." So i specifically wrote down what I wanted and was still very nice to the bartender. He took the paper I wrote my order on and I had to wait. Then when my order finally came he got two things on my order wrong! He didn't even take off his mistake. I was more than willing to NOT take it with me. Duhhh! It wasn't what I wanted.Whatever... this actually happened a few months ago and I can barely remember all the things that I was so mad about because I know that there were more things that I was quite upset about. I was really livid. I've never been this unhappy about take out in like.. forever!Sushi wasn't even that great! Yuck! Overall, I would NOT recommend it. I would actually recommend against it. No wonder the place is so dead all the time. I drive by this place all the time and they never seem to have too much business.
3	I went with a group of four for the hibachi.  It's just like Benihana.  I find the food expensive, but the it was entertaining watching food fly outside my kitchen.  I had the NY steak.  Personally, I prefer to have my steak in one piece.
4	this may have been the 1st all-you-can-eat sushi place where i got my money's worth.  (or i guess i should say "my cousin's money's worth" since she paid.)  not only because i ate a lot, but the prices for individual sushi was expensive!    for $25, you can sit for 2 hours and order as much sushi as you can eat.  or for $30, you can get sushi with tempura, teriyaki, etc. too.  watch out for the "rules", like no sharing, must eat all the rice, must finish all food before you can order more food, etc.  the watiers lurk around probably watching for rule breakers, but i was able to sneak off about 6 pieces of sushi to my cousins.i usually shy away from all-you-can-eat sushi places, especially if it's a half teppan/half sushi place, but i also trust my cousin's japanese wife's taste.  the fish really was pretty fresh here.  there's a large menu of sushi, teriyaki, noodles, etc., so definitely something for everyone.  good place for groups. the only negative is the service for the all-you-can-eat is SLOW!  we determined they do this on purpose to give you time to fill up, so you can't order as much sushi.  sneaky!
4	After driving around all night trying to find an acceptable sushi bar in Vegas. ( I generally don't like the thought of eating raw fish where there is no ocean.) A valet at Las Vegas Hilton turns us on to Hamada of Japan.  A free standing restaurant with a sushi bar, restaurant and tepan style dining room.  It was great. The perfect low-key atmosphere that is nearly impossible to find in Vegas, good quality sushi, a knowledgable sushi chef, excellent service and good company.  Obviously, because the only other customers were people just like us that wanted good sushi, good service and a more mellow dining experience than you would get at Sushi Roku or Social House. (Sorry, I know they are the hip fab places to be but, hip and fab for sushi is just amateurish.)Anyway, I recommend this place if you are over 30 and okay with not having a half naked drunk girl eating california rolls next to you at the bar.Sayonara!
3	We went here for a family reunion. The staff was always polite and friendly but, at the end, I did feel a bit rushed out the door.The teppanyaki was solid. I had the chicken with soy and enjoyed the preparation (showtime!) and the taste of all the items.The sushi was just ok. The crab was most likely "krab" or "crabb" but the sashimi was a bit better. Again, you are getting seafood in a desert.It was a bit more expensive than I would have expected so be aware that you can easy get to $60 per person with some beer and wine.There are better places to eat in Vegas.
3	After the late shows, nothing stays open after 12 am on weekdays. I hear that in vegas nothing closes....yah right.  I think if you are looking for chains like P changs, etc. nearly everything close after 12 am on weekdays...except Hamada! We were dying for our favorite Bahama Breeze but no luck after midnight. Boohoo....Anyyelp, Hamada is open till 2 am i believe.  So in we came for some late night dinner.  Sat at bar, quick service with only one waitress taking care of everyone. She was so friendly and conscientious. The person at bar must have been a sous-chef or something.  His rolls are ok...not the best. But at 1 am we really don't care. We are too tired and hungry. Any rice is fine as long as i don't puke later.  Which we did not. This is our second trip so I know on regular dinner hours it can get busy and the taste is great!  Price for 2 of us with cocktails about $90. I know!! That is sushi for you. One bad comment: I think place a bit too quite for me.  May need louder more upbeat music. Don't care to hear 80s Peabo Bryson "Don't Know Much" at almost 1 am. I felt like killing myself with that song and the quiet atmosphere. I thought it was happy hour at that time!
4	Even though they stopped offering the all-you-can-eat special about a year ago, I still love Hamada.  The food is always good and the service is always friendly.I always get the hamachi and magura nigiri when I am here and it does the trick.  However, this place doesn't compare to my favorite places in San Francisco.  It is solid Las Vegas fare without the glitz of being on The Strip.This place has plenty of free parking in a private lot and they are open late.  After dinner, walk over to the Hard Rock Hotel and Caisno for a drink and win some money.  Or not.
4	An old college buddy who lives in Vegas took me here.  Service was a tag slow, and not completely pleasant.  Surprising because it was a Tue. night and it was only 1/2 full. The Sushi and Sashimi are surprising good.  Very fresh.  The rolls are average.  I will go again!
3	The first thing that appealed to me was the genial japanese service.  We sat at the bar and sampled the chef's recommendation.  Had the yellow tail (good), tuna (good), urchin (so-so, not so fresh I think), and the Burning Man Roll.The chef was excellent, very entertaining and offered good suggestions.The wine list was limited, but adequateThe Ponzi sauce was very goodThe also have a nice (and lively judging by the noise) teppen area.This is a mainstream sushi place clustered in an area with a lot of restaurants.
3	Great late night food.  Open till 2am.   Good sushi and very friendly staff.  My problem was I ordered chicken and my date ordered sushi.   My dinner came out 15 minutes before hers...    Good thing it wasn't our first date.   It was midnight and there was only 10 people eating......   Come on already ..  A little price but hey its VEGAS
2	Met up with a local friend here and I'll be honest - I didn't opt for the sushi or many of the items on the menu b/c they just seemed overpriced. As it was I opted for the shrimp and veg tempura which was fine - pretty difficult to screw up fried food. Sooooo normally I wouldn't make a two-star rating based on such a limited experience with a place, but the service was meh - meaning I've definitely experienced better - and the surroundings were pretty dated. For the price take your cash and head to some place that puts effort into the surroundings, the food, and/or the service. Personally I'll be heading back to the Sushi Factory for all you can eat fresh dead fish over this place anytime!
4	The service was very attentive and fast, but not rushed.I was struck at how the decor of this restauant is like a early 80's throwback of a Japanese or Hawaiian restaurant, but in a good way.The place is massive but feels cozy due to the darkness of the decor and focused lighting.I had sushi at the bar and the restaurant was rather quiet.  Unfortunately I had to put up with a loud couple in bad suits and bad hair (I could've sworn I was transported back to 1982) talking about their bankruptcy court hearing in the morning and the gentleman whining about his kids and ex-wife.  Their rudeness (fueled by a few Sapporos) even raised the eyebrows of the sushi chef and other diners, which we all enjoyed giving them dirty looks which they didn't even notice.The sushi was good but not great, but served quickly and the cuts of fish were generous.  Strangely the amount of rice was rather miniscule in comparison.The final tab with a large bottle of sake was extremely reasonable.This is a good place for sushi at an excellent price.
4	Las Vegas has become a place for gourmands and foodies in the last ten or fifteen years as there are some very good and very upscale restaurants there. Hamada seems to be part of this upscale tradition taking place.  The interior is spacious yet relaxed with low lite mood lighting and a surprisingly well stocked fish tank. The Sushi is very good just about anything you get at Hamada is usually good. I personally would recommend the Beef Negimaki. On a side note it is important to know that Hamada attempts to be as authentic as possible as occasionally the Japanese wait staff seem to have trouble  with English, some may find this to be unprofessional I found it oddly endearing.
2	Good food, embarrassing poor service, weird location.Wheelchairs, scooters, and strollers need to take the elevator down and make it through a tunnel past the I.T. manager's door before finding this place as the rear of the casino.  So much fluff as Hamada's advertisements blare outside on the strip outside the Flamingo's doors.  Their front entrance is not friendly to less-than-agile.  They speak authentic Japanese, that was promising.  But the service was almost a violation of my civil rights.  If my Japanese mother had been with us, she would still be there the next morning chewing the staff out.  How many times would I need to repeat myself asking for *chopsticks* at a Japanese restaurant?  And water?  And green tea? Should I really beg to pay?  If you didn't want me there, you could have given me the check when I first walked though the door.  The food was good.  The sushi, teriyaki, and udon were all good.  If only I had the water or tea to wash it down with.  One server, one water/bus-woman who I guess is also the cook.  And this was at 9:00 PM.  The prices are high.  Not as high as other sushi places.  The menu selection is positive but I can't get over the service and I feel bad leaving the tip I did.  No customer should leave feeling he was forced to give an insulting amount.   Would I return?  Vegas is awfully a big place.  Don't bet on it.
5	Our teppan chef was very friendly and personable. The food is reasonably priced/ competitive pricing with like restaurants. I recommend the chicken in a teriyaki. They recommended making reservations, but they were not very busy for a Saturday night.
4	Went here for my birthday.  Never been to a teppan place before but definitely am not a n00b when it comes to asianish-teriyaki-ish sushi-ish restaurants.  I ordered the New York Steak and Scallops combo that came with a dessert at the end.  From the beginning the waitress (who were dressed in kimonos, almost geisha-y) were very friendly.My meal came with shrimp, veggie medley (onions, zucchini, and mushrooms) and white steamed rice.  I went with a group of 5 and watched in amazement as the (hot) cook worked his magic right in front of our eyes.  I learned a new way to crack an egg, cook some onions, and add a little flare.The food itself was amazing.  My steak was cooked perfectly ( I asked for it medium rare), the scallops were succulent and the veggies were good.They surprised me at the end with a little birthday treat.  My green tea ice cream was in the peel of an orange, with the fruit on the side and a serving of honeydew.  It was a nice ending to a fantastic meal.+ = friendly staff, dinner and a show!, great food, fun environment- = this type of food is always expensive
4	I hadn't been to this Hamada in years, but Friday night after Iron Man 2 was sold out at Town Square, I REALLY wanted some Miso soup to soothe my scrathy throat at 11pm. This place is close to my house and I knew it was open, so we stroll in and there is no one in there. Maybe 1 other table. Ambiance is nice, but I have to comment on our crazy ass, yet mildly entertaining waitress. So we sit down and she comes over decked out in Geisha attire straight out of Japan and I think of "Memoirs of a Geisha" and those pictures flash into my head. I order the Oohlong tea, some sushi rolls, and my miso soup. I am not kidding when she does the "miso soup dance". I don't even know how to describe this, imagine a young asian woman with a black version of Anna Wintours hair cut do a chicken dance and sing a strange, vaguely English song, about miso soup. I look at Alex, and i'm like " Can I please have some of whatever she is on?". Kind of amazing. My tea was spectacular, I swear I would go back just for the hot tea (I love tea in general). The Miso soup was good, but the sushi was just mediocre at best. I have definitely had better. The Anna Wintour Geisha came back and was on top of us and very sweet, and even did another little dance about my tea. Tea, 2 sushi rolls, and miso soup came out to $17. Which is pretty cheap for Hamada. Then again, when you go to a sushi restaurant you expect to have good sushi, right? So I would go back to try a few of their other menu items but I don't know if i'd do sushi again.  The interior is beautiful, and the waitress gave me an experience to remember. So eh, 3 stars for the food & 5 for the service. So I think a 4 is fair until I go back and try it again.
4	I've gone here a few times over the years on various trips to Las Vegas. It is one of my favorite sushi places. I've never had bad service; the wait staff have always been very friendly, helpful, and accommodating.The food I've had has always been really fresh, using quality ingredients. They even had stuff flown in straight from Japan on special when I visited last. The location inside the Flamingo is a bit hard to find, and their hours of operation are a bit lame given the city it's in, but worth a trip if you're in the area.
4	Not your neighborhood Bennihana's. This is an awesome place to go if for anyone when craving for some teppan-yaki. They have selections that will satisfies anyone's budget. They can order from an entree of $13 all the way to +$50. The portions here were also generous. If you have group of people and everyone's on a different budget, this is one place that everyone will be happy. Just be prepare that the entire meal is around 2 hours if you're planning on watching shows or trying to get into the clubs. You order whatever meat you want and the chef will put on a show for you and cook your meal in front of you. They do all the chopping and flipping right there on the hot grill. The BF and I shared the scallops and ordered an extra side of fried rice. It was accompanied with soup and salad. I like this place more than Bennihana's back home for one reason and its because of the sauce. Hamada will make the sauce for your seafood right on the grill. Something about the grilled scallops and a freshly made lemon sauce with sesame seeds tastes soo good. They also have other selection if you want sushi rolls to their bento combination meal sets. Like I said, they have something for everyone!
4	I just wanted to yelp that a few years back I ate at the Hamada in the Luxor and enjoyed it very much, but I hear they are now gone from there.Fresh fish, tasty maki and cutesy service (in kimono).However, the next time I am in Vegas, I plan to try this branch of Hamada.
1	Terrible.  Absolutely worthless.  This restaurant is so HAS BEEN they don't even maintain the neon sign above the entrance.  Menu that looks to be 5 years old has items x'd out with a Sharpie.  Yes, a magic marker.No art on the wall indicative of owner change and new owners being under financed.  It's sad and depressing.Likely not remodelled since the casino originally opened in 1990 this is a MUST PASS.Doesn't even have old Vegas charm.  Just old, outdated and in need of closure.
4	A friend of mine hosted a dinner here during the G2E convention for his top clients and invited my Wife and I to join them.  When I heard it was at Hamada, I said "We're In!" and didn't even ask The Better Half what she thought about it....ha!A group of 16 of us were seated at back to back grills in the Teppan side of the restaurant.  We placed our drink order (glass of Cabernet) with the Mamasan and then enjoyed the company and conversation for what seemed to be a very long time before we were given our menu.  Not sure if it was slow service or if time stood still while we all chatted.If you've never been to Hamada, the Teppan side of the restaurant is identical to Benihana.  A chef grills your order in front of the group of people seated at the table and puts on a show with the food.I decided to order the NY Steak & Chicken combo ($35).  The Better Half ordered the Two Lobster Tail dinner ($65).The chef comes out and starts with the grilled Shrimp and Veggies.....then does the whole Volcano thing with the Onion.  Very entertaining, but predictable if you've been to Benihana.  I can't wait for someone to come up with a new act.  Then he gets into our entrees....I thought he did a great job cooking the Chicken and NY Steak.....both were cooked just right and had a lot of flavor.  I love dipping the Meats in the Sauces they provide for you.....although I have no clue what those Sauces are...ha!We continued to eat and drink into the night and they made sure our glasses weren't empty.  A few of us did shots of Japanese Brandy and also had some Dessert, which was a Green Tea Ice Cream.Overall, it was a fun and delicious dinner with friends and colleagues.Will I return?  I prefer the other place, but will probably come back sometime in the future.
4	Very nice restaurant. Ate from sushi menu. Sushi items very reasonable in price. Service was good.
1	Omg. We went there yesterday 8 pm. Nobody was there. We were the only guests there. Prices were unbelievable expensive. 44 $ scallops 88$ Filet mig.We ate teppanyaki. Chicken & steak were tastless. Waitress was very friendly. Cook As well. Would Never ever go there again. Its old ugly dirty Restaurant. Benihana is always an Experience. Hamada was a joke. Please Close this restaurant.
2	The restaurant was empty when we went.  It was kind of cool, felt like I reserved the whole restaurant for me and my lady.  I am giving this place 2 stars because the food was OK.  But the place looks dirty and there was a roach crawling on my seat.
4	I love teppanyaki. These guys rank up there with the tried and true Geisha on Sandhills.  Though the menu is not apples to apples considering the Geisha special which gives you shrimp, filet, chicken, and lobster is about $40. Filet and shrimp at Hamada is apx $58. My dad likes the place and we seem to go there when he comes to town.
1	This place sucks. Be careful when making reservations you have to tell them you want the grill.  40 bucks for dragon roll...come on. 25 bucks for four pieces of sushi. Should have went to Mandalay Bay or Luxor for some fine seafood.
2	Didn't care to much for this place. Way over priced.
5	If you have never been to a Japanese grill restaurant, you are in for a treat! A chef cooks all the food with great skill and agility right in front of you and your guests. They basically perform little cooking tricks which are sure to impress. Everything is very expensive but its a must for you and a group of friends if you have never been to one of these places.
3	Can someone explain to me why this place looks pretty on the outside but lame in the inside? Coming in to dine here is somewhat uncomfortable because the decor is outdated and the place looks like it's falling apart. Definitely not visually impressed by the interior.Now, as for the food. It's OK. I've only had a chance to get have a taste of the appetizers, the soups and the sushi. All of the above is OK tasting. Nothing special. Nothing extraordinary. Fish/rice portions on the sushi were good; not too much rice and enough fish. Fish wasn't the freshest I've had but it's not bad either. Soups had a good portion of noodles and what not. The alcoholic beverage menu might need some help as I'm not very impressed by their somewhat slim selection of sakes. Service is always really good and on point. The front of house staff are friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. The only time I experienced a wait and somewhat slow service was during valentines day one year.Eh. The place doesn't really deserve anything more than 3/5 rating overall....I'm really not diggin' the somewhat expensive prices for a lame-o atmosphere and ok tasting food.
3	I can tell you right up front that the steak here was excellent, super tender and perfectly grilled and seasoned, but they lose a star for the tempura celery.  Who ever thought of such a thing?  "What is this?" I say to myself as I hold it delicately in front of myself with my chopsticks.  I turn it this way and that and then dip it into the sauce and pop it into my mouth and try to bite off a palatable chunk of it.  "What the HELL is this?" I gasp!  Tempura CELERY??  What the--"  Minus one star for you!
2	When I first was told we were heading to Hamadas I was really excited and anticpating some tasty eats. The food was Just okunfortunately.I ordered the seafood meal and the lobster was overcooked, which was unfortunate because he sauteed it right in front of me and even I could see that it was on the grill too long.. Oh well... Outside of the food the place was practically empty which was surprising because it was a Friday night...All in all the entire experience was just... OKI think i'll keep to Benihana if I want the group/japanese grille experience !
1	Disgusting. Smelled like sewer backed up, soy sauce container felt glued to counter ewwww.never had warm sushi before. Didn't know Philly roll served room temp.plus happy hour prices non existent.waiter didn't give 50%dis pocketed the $ instead. Calling corporate first thing in morning.Opened yelp account to post this. That's how bad this place is. If u wanna catch food poisoning go eat there.
3	Good food! Great Sushi. 12$ for a roll. 80-100$ per person. Unless you get sushi. Great service all night.
3	I love sushi, but I think I may have broken it for everyone else by eating at Sugarfish in Los Angeles.  We came here for a dinner with some vendor folks, so the party got a bit large.Hamada had OK sushi, but by no means great sushi.  Service was decent, the sushi selection was good, but the cuts of fish and the flavor and texture were only OK, not good or exceptional.  I enjoyed eating it but was aware the whole time that I've had better.I don't think I'll be coming back here on my own.
2	First I want to say I didn't come here by choice. It was my boyfriends fathers birthday so he chose where to eat. I haven't personally been to Hamada in forever but it was exactly how I recalled it. Big, slow, decent food, expensive. Atmosphere: 4/5  You walk in this place and you feel like your in Japan. I liked the decor a lot of fake plants with a Japanese sand box in the middle (it was actually a rock box but I figured food + kids = dust everywhere). The lighting was very dark it helped disguised the fact they barely had anyone there. I was there about 6:30 prime dinner hours and that place was EMPTY.Sashimi: 3/5 was delicious... fresh big chunks. They better be for the price! For an assorted boat of sashimi was $40 bucks. I basically inhaled itNigiri: 3/5 Great portions big fish and good amount of rice. I really liked their rice with the nigiri. It was a bit sweeter than most places.Shrimp Tempura Boat: I'm not a fried food type of person but my boyfriends little brother loves Shrimp tempura. I can't give you a good opinion on shrimp tempura because I'm already bias on the friend part. Teriyaki Chicken Entree: 0/5 I was so surprised how SIMPLE and HORRIBLE this dish was. I literally could've gotten better Teriyaki chicken from PANDA EXPRESS. The presentation was even horrible. A scoop of rice, teriyaki chicken, and edamame Seaweed Salad: 0/5 What a rip off, this seaweed salad was mostly cucumber salad. They should call is cucumber salad with a dash of seaweed. What a joke.. Service: 5/5 Service was great, your waitresses are really nice and they get into character so well. Dressed in Japanese kimonos Price: 0/5 Super expensive $$$$ for 3 1/2 people our bill came close to $300...and I was still hungry after.
1	We walked in around 1 pm on a Tuesday. Initially there was no staff to greet or seat us. There was another table already eating, but there was no staff to be seen. We should have taken this as a bad sign, but it was hot out so maybe we weren't thinking clearly! After getting seated it was apparent that there was only 1 waitress. This shouldn't be that big of a deal considering there were only 3 tables, (a total of 10 people) in the ENTIRE restaurant. Luckily the food was ok. Nothing spectacular. They only had 3 bento boxes as options for their lunch menu. We continually had to flag her down and ask for refills on water. She was very nice when she did stop buy, but overall our bento box lunch ordeal took nearly 2 hours. We won't be back.
1	Do not eat here....even for the 50% off happy hour special. It's not worth it. I just experienced the worst service and I swear every roll tasted like a California roll. I understand the waitresses had to accommodate to some large parties that night but this restaurant is a large venue and should be well versed in multi-tasking and careering to various parties. I also noted the waitress would constantly check on the table of 2 next to us. She stopped by them 4 times and never came to check on us. Here is our wait time broken down: We waited 3 minutes to be seated, 15 minutes to place our order and 25 minutes for the first wave of food to arrive. We ordered 8 rolls total and our last 2 rolls didn't come till more than an hour after we ordered them. Were they one sushi chef down today or is this how it always is? Also I wished the waitress would have told us what rolls she delivered as opposed to running off and leaving us playing the guessing game.I hate to be harsh on a restaurant that has potential but this just isn't cutting it for me...maybe I'm just accustomed to better service in California.
1	Do yourself a favor and go just about anywhere else for sushi.  Without exception, none of the fish tasted fresh and the miso soup, cucumber salad and spider roll were all lacking flavor. Even the celery and veggies in the roll were limp!  When we expressed our concern to our wait person he indicated that it was all fresh as they get it fresh EVERY TWO WEEKS.  Yikes!  We asked to speak to the manager and were told he wasn't working that day....which seem amazing for a Saturday evening in a tourist town.  We're locals and won't be back to Hamada again.  Check the Yelp reviews more carefully than we did this one time.
1	On my most recent trip to Las Vegas, I attempted to eat dinner at Hamada of Japan.  I had thought the menu looked good, so I decided to check it out.  Though the restaurant wasn't remotely crowded, I was put at the sushi bar (Even though I didn't want sushi) and forgotten about.  When I did get some attention from my waitress, she didn't seem to remember what beers the restaurant offered (Somehow I doubt that bottled Budweiser is the only beer they offer).  After fifteen minutes, I got the hint that my business wasn't important to them, and went somewhere else.  There are a lot of terrific Japanese restaurants in Las Vegas.  I didn't taste the food, so I don't know how Hamada compares, but I can tell you the service is poor.  In a city with so many great dining options, I don't think I need to go back.
1	DON'T GO...My husband and I took my daughter here for her 18th birthday (she was excited cause she'd never had teppanyaki) we were seated in the grill table area at our own table      (while there were two other grills going and VERY full of asians).  So there the three of us sat waiting to order...after about 5 minutes someone finally comes over and takes our drink order, as we sat and waited for our drinks we decided to just have sushi so we asked to be moved to the main dining room.We sat in the MAIN dining room for at least 10 minutes with no acknowledgmemt whatsoever...so we decided to walk right next door to Bahama Breeze which ended up being AWESOME!!
2	I was not too impressed and would like to keep this short and to the point. Like another Yelper stated...every roll tasted like a California Roll.  My other issues:-rice was warm.  When you have fresh fish in sushi, the rice should match.  Shouldn't it?-Sapporo was even warm.  Almost asked for iceGave the place 2 stars because the service was at least good.  Their Yellow Tail Shashimi was good though.  With Kazien around the corner, no need to come back here.
4	First thing coming here is that it's empty, got a bit worried but it's a Sunday night and not really a place for folks to go to after football sunday.  Service was pretty good and considering the restaurant was empty, it should be!  Another good thing is that we saw Japanese visitors come afterwards, whew... must be ok.I ordered the two choice complete meal for $28 and it's a decent deal.  Had the fried scallops and tempura udon.  The scallops were quite large, fried crispy and perfectly, and came with katsu sauce.  The tempura was the same, nothing wrong here.  The udon was pretty good too, the soup was tasty with good fish stock base.Recommended if you are in the mood for Japanese food!
1	I have only came here once & was disappointed. The prices were too expensive for the food.  The food tasted like I could have gone to a fast food place & the fast food probably would have even tasted BETTER than the food here at Hamadas. The service was decent & attentive but I would never come back here again.
1	We decided to go to this restaurant because our first 2 choice of sushi restaurants had a 2 hour waiting time and my children were getting irritated and hungry, so we decided to try  Hamada of Japan. From the look of the parking lot, there were only a few cars parked; whereas, the two restaurants next to it where full of cars. This should have been our first clue not to enter the restaurant. The staff were very nice and quick...which they should be because there were hardly anyone inside. The prices were way too expensive for the food they brought out. We ordered some appetizers: gyoza (not bad, but it seemed like it was store bought), and a sashimi appetizer (big mistake as it was way too expensive $13.95 for two tiny/thinly sliced of salmon, 3 tiny pieces of tuna, and 2 tiny pieces of white fish and it wasn't fresh at all). For the main course, we ordered the Love Boat ($54.95)...again, big mistake! The Love Boat included some California rolls (not bad), steak and chicken with some kind of sauce (NASTY), shrimp and vege tempura (not bad, could be better), siomai (tasted like store bought) and some eggrolls (tasted like store bought). Overall, we spent $84+. Never will we come back to this restaurant. Was very disappointed and the lack of customers on a Saturday night should have warned us not to come in. I gave this restaurant a 1 star because the waitress was very nice and prompt.
3	Went there after a 12 hours flight from Scandinavia via Chicago.Timewise for us it was in the middle of the night but we wanted something lite before we went to bedWe ordered several Maki rolls and some plates with Tempura.Maki rolls was OK and there was nothing wrong with the Tempura eitherOnly problem was my daughter and my niece, they thought that one order or maki was 2 pieces like the nigiri. It was 8 pieces so there was quite a lot of maki rolls on the table when we left......Service was goodKirin bear sold out, it was my only disappointment.
3	The food was good but I would like more for the price I paid. Service was not that great
1	it's closed
