1	Wow.  This seriously can not be the first review for this Wendy's location!?!?Anyway....Wendy's is your traditional fast food joint.  With square hamburger patties and Frosty's.    They're pretty much all the same.  EXCEPT....I do not like a side of scabs, sores, and blistered fingers and arms with my fries.  Thank you.  Went through the drive-through to grab lunch.  Was hankering for a frosty-fry combination. It's the sweet / salty thing.  I ordered.  Drove up to the first window and paid.  Then drove to the second window to pick up my food.  I did a double take at the guys hands and arms that was manning the second window.  Some sores scabbed over.  Some looked like they were weeping.  But it was a blistered nasty mess.  Like he had his hands shoved in the fryer a week or so prior and they were healing.  VOMIT!!  I was so digusted in fact that I immediately tossed my food away when I got back to work.  Wether he touched my food or not, did not matter.  Just the pure thought of him possibly touching my food was enough to make me toss everything in the trash. DRY HEAVE!!
1	Just left this place and I'm very unsatisfied with there service. First it took the cashier 15mins to understand what I was ordering and another 10 to get my order into the register. Then I was frustrated because I could not understand his broken English. Then after that he does not give me my change back as if he does not owe it to me. When I asked for my change, he then try's to give me less then what he owed me. I have no problems with any race of people! All I ask is that you hire and train people to do there jobs. And please make sure your workers can communicate with your customers or they will stop coming back!
2	Although the food itself was good and the restaurant appeared to be clean, the service was seriously lacking! Not a single person acknowledged my existence and I had to step up to the counter and ask if I could order. I never saw a single smile from any employee either. I guess you can't expect too much for a fast food joint, but this Wendy's could certainly step it up a notch.
1	This is the worst Wendy's ever- and I LOVE Wendys. I hate that this is the location closest to my work... But it never fails, you mess up something in my order EACH time! You would think they would get tired of the complaint calls and giving away free food to replace it, b/c I know I am tired of wasting my lunch time doing so! Educate your staff on Gluten free and gluten allergies (ie your bread! When someone asks for a bunless sandwich, it needs to have lettuce wraped around it...essp when the customer said to wrap it in lettuce!) Also educate your staff on what condiments come with a baked potatoe. That is really getting old. The salt/pepper/butter/sour cream has always been part of the potato order. Just the worst and this is just the tip of the ice burg......... They didn't reply to my email of complaint last month... maybe a Yelp review would help.
1	Not sure how my Frosty melted from the time it came out of the machine to when it was handed to me at the drive thru window 20 seconds later. Always feel the need to try new fast food products and the Waffle Cone had been on the short list for awhile. Your not missing anything with this semi-stale cone and then the old reliable Frosty (vanilla) was a disgrace at this location. Unless it was 109 inside the store, that ice cream should not have melted. Waffle Cone was only $1.69, but I'm going back to the Frosty in a cup with the spoon that usually sticks straights up and I won't be getting it at this sorry location.
1	This is the worst Wendy's I have ever been to, and sadly it's the closest one to work. They can never ever ever get an order right and deeply needed to be educated on what gluten free means.
2	As far as national fast food chains go - Wendy's is one of the better ones. I appreciate that you can get a salad instead of fries here. Their burgers usualy seem fresher and better tasting too. However, this location appears to be one of the worst run Wendy's I've ever been to. My salad not cold, was wilted, and had lots of brown bits. Service was far from enthusiastic.
5	I don't understand these poor reviews, you really can't go wrong with the ol spicy chicken sandwich combo meal!!!!
3	I am not  a huge fast food fan. My pal made me go for a frosty. But I did try a bite of the burger with pretzel bun and it tasted almost as good as the $10 burgers nearby. For hot days, the Frosty can't be beat. Fast drive thru, nice location. No issues.
4	My experience has been good since they opened.I have not been there this year but probably have eatin in, possibly 50 times. I have never used drive through.No problems with food, orders, service. Lobby has been resonably clean.
