5	This place deserves the 5 stars. Seriously! Best Indian food I had, after long time.I became vegetarian & fishatarian by choice and very often I run into Indian buffet with very limited options in vegetable curries. They have very decent selection in the vegetable and they have fish also for the buffet.I went twice here, one time for the dinner and second time for the weekend buffet. I was delighted by their fish curry for dinner and I am happy to experience their weekend buffet. The best items out of all the good stuff they got, are fried vermicillm (sevayyan uma) and fried fish on the buffet. In fact, all the items in the buffet are good.I hope they maintain this standard and probably similar menu or a better, in the future. I would love to come here again.
5	Almost missed this hidden gem! The food was astonishing, truly amazing, best Indian food I've ever tasted! Short of going to India this is some of the best food you can get. The tandoori chicken is packed with rich flavors, the samosas are piping hot and flaky, and the garlic naan is to die for! Also the butter chicken and aloo gobi are cooked in a savory aromatic sauce. A definite "Must-Stop-By" place if you like Indian or just want to give it a try!
5	Excellent food with very attentive service. Very reasonably priced.  The staff is very helpful explaining the menu.
5	Just concluded a very nice dinner with friends at Aroma.The services was outstanding, the naan was nice, thin and crisp and the chicken meat was flawlessly white and good.The service was outstanding and all prices were very reasonable - approx $10.99 for most entrees.I can highly recommend this restaurant!!Keep it up.
4	I enjoy shopping at Concord Mills. I hate the fact that there aren't many (any?) good restaurants nearby. Until now! I will eat at this restaurant every time I go to the mall, or by it.We were there for dinner, so no buffet. I ordered the lamb biryani and my friend had one of the many dosas. Both were delicious. I asked for my biryani at medium heat, and it was at the high end of my tolerance, but not above it. The lamb was very tender and the rice moist. The dosa was huge, and I understand that the restaurant does some kind of all you can eat dosas special that I will have to check out.On the downside, for some reason, I keep ordering samosas at Indian restaurants, hoping for once that they won't be exactly like the frozen ones I have bought at Costco. Unfortunately, the samosas here are the same as they always are. Microwaved from frozen.Which leads me to my second reservation about the place: the menu was HUGE. I would rather see a smaller menu and have everything kept and cooked more fresh. With a menu that tries to be all things to all people some shortcuts are going to creep in in terms of freshness.In November when I went, the restaurant had been open only 4 months. The husband and wife owners do the service, with the assistance of one busser/water guy. We had zero problems, but I could see some other tables trying to get more help. On a very busy night this could be a real problem.The owners REALLY wanted us to be happy with our choices. I had half of my biryani left because there was so much and so I told the wife-owner that I couldn't finish it. She thought I meant I did not like it and said she did not want me to pay for something I didn't like. I assured her that I liked it alot and she was very happy.
5	My husband and I frequent this place we love it so much that we finally decided to add a review. We have eaten in pretty much every indian restaurant in the charlotte/concord ares, Aromas is by far the best indian buffet . Great options fr veg , Fantastic desserts and wonderful service. Highly recommended
5	Traveling alone the temptation is always there to simply grab something fast and head back to the hotel.  I confess I was using yelp to find a quick solution when I came across Aroma.  I recently had a great experience at a top rated Indian restaurant in London, so I  decided to give this restaurant a try.  Am I glad I did!!The menu is large and the waitress/owner gave me some help.  EVERYTHING I had was outstanding.  The service was also great.  I was pleased to see that on a Wednesday night they were busy. I cannot recommend this place enough.  I will definitely go back.
5	I'm so glad we took a chance on this place. This restaurant has been opened under several different names and has always served Indian cuisine. If I'm right this is the third iteration and it looks like they finally got it right. Now being run by a husband and wife team , we first stopped by for dinner on a Tuesday night having just finished a bit of shopping. I ordered lamb vindaloo and my wife had a vegetarian dish. We were asked how spicy we like our food to which we both responded the hotter the better. Well what a surprise ..there was actually a good bit if heat, but not so much that the flavors were masked.Since that first visit we have been back for the lunch buffet on several occasions. Always plentiful and seems to have a nice rotation of items including a couple of deserts with at least one being gluten free.  This is definitely a notch or two above the other Indian buffets in the area.  Also the service is better than many ethnic restaurants in the area, our drinks are topped off regularly and table is kept clear, I know that doesn't sound like much but it is nice not to have to flag a wait person down . Just to give you a better idea of what to expect , we visited one time( Dosa night ,more about that in a moment ) and there was not a wheat free desert on the bar for my wife. The owner brought my wife a bowl of warm carrot halwa, lightly sweetened and one of the wife's favorites. He earned a lot of points that evening !Now for the previously mentioned Dosa night. Every Wednesday night these light crispy crepes are served ( 20 varieties ) along with an abbreviated hot bar ,  with  a nice selection of  sauces for your dosas. The best part is the dosas are made to order. The waiter will ask for your selection from the menu and will bring you 4 at a time. Wednesday nights have become dosa night for the wife and I. At $10 each it is a bargain for dinner.   So if you are in the area and looking for something other than ordinary chain restaurant.... This is the place.
4	Nice
5	my wife and daughter and I came and had butter chicken and chicken tikka.  Our dinner was wonderful.  Service was fantastic and kept our drinks full.  We were checked on by managers and servers.  This place is the best Indian food on the Charlotte area.  Serving sizes are generous also
5	My boyfriend and I decided to go here to fulfill an Indian food craving after a shopping spree at Concord Mills Mall. The reviews were fantastic, and I already knew what I wanted. I got the Rava Masala Dosa and my boyfriend ordered Kadai Paneer. His food came first since Rava Dosa takes longer to cook and he graciously offered to share. Holy Moly that was the best kadai paneer I've ever had! My rava dosa arrived and it was really delicious too. Albeit a little too oily it tasted delicious! The potatoes were perfect and I loved the chutneys and sambhar. I, however couldn't finish my dosa so asked for a box and they gave me a whole container of fresh sambhar to go with my leftovers. I also tried the Madras coffee which was the closest thing to the one we get at udupi restaurants in India, along with Saravana Bhavan.The owner was very sweet and attentive too, offering suggestions etc. I can't wait to go to Concord Mills again so I can indulge in the food at Aroma some more!
5	Food was very good- tried everything from South Indian to Punjabi ( North Indian) dishes. Service was quick and attentive. I'd highly recommend this place.
5	Lunch buffet is a great value! Tasty, fresh, spiced well and lovingly prepared food with attentive service and comfortable eating environment. Stopped by passing through Charlotte and will definitely visit again on a future trip!
5	Went today with my wife and kids to try this highly rated restaurant. Had the lunch buffet, and it was great! There was a nice variety that left the whole family very satisfied. The service was excellent as well. I am already looking forward to getting back there soon.
2	Food was good, service was really bad, got there @ 730 didnt get water until 20mins later after askin several times just for water,  it was about 930 when we got the appetizer we had to reorder cause the first time it wasnt ordered, then waited for the entree's then the waitress came out n said that my food was taking a long time and asked me to order something else, they need 2 put on the menus may take up to 2hrs to cook so ppl wont order it, but they did say they were sry and that my meal was complimentary and the appetizer, it was our first time goin and very bad experience, wont go back! Left the restaurant @ 1015, they tried to redeem theirselves but it was too late.
1	Spice9 always  had terrible service, when we heard they reopened we had hoped it would be better. The service was absolutely horrible, then I was told by an employee the servers are paid minimum wage and ARE NOT allowed to keep their tips!!!! No wonder the service is so horrible. My friends and I will never go back!
4	Best Buffet in the town!Nice Ambiance and good food :)
5	This time South Indian for a change and it was extremely tasty. Chutneys and sambar were delicious.
5	Amazing buffet, one of the best Indian ones I've been to. Most Indian buffets I've been to are fairly small and feature ok food, but the selection here is not only bigger, but also much tastier and an excellent value for the quality and price they charged. The crisp bread, a fried spongy dessert, and several of the curries were among my favorites, along with a refreshing drink at the buffet with spices in it. The waiter also gave us complimentary naan and dosa.
3	Went here once and got take out for lunch. I got a yellow curry dish and hot and sour soup. Was not impressed. Considering going back to try the lunch buffet but I think that will only be when I run out of better options and there are so many in the area.
1	Absolutely the worst service. All chicken appetizers tastes identical. They tried to claim they no longer accept the Yelp 10% off.
3	Checked out the lunch buffet.  They have a wide selection of dishes, most of them are pretty standard Indian fare, but still good.  I was surprised that some of them had a fairly decent amount of heat, to boot!  FYI:  They bring you a basket of naan to your table.My complaints:  Servers were quite friendly, but my drink sat empty too long.  They had no onion chutney on the buffet.  Restaurant is tucked back into a corner of the shopping center, so it's a little hard to find.Otherwise, I will be back, at least for the buffet.
5	I have lived in New York and California and both those states have there fair share of good Indian restaurants so I know good Indian food when I see it.. there chicken makhani with boneless tandoori chicken is amazing
3	I'm torn, I experiences Aroma at restaurant week.  I was super jazzed to find out they were located right around the corner from my house.  I went about a week after restaurant week and it was just meh.  Firstly for take out it took an inordinate amount of time.  Like the quoted me 30 minutes - ok I'll take one for the team and go to the mall to kill time - but when I got there I still waited another 15 minutes.My food was good. I had the chicken tikka and the samosas (? the fried potato appetizer).  While the food was good, it wasn't like the restaurant week street food.  I also found the portions to be small and not a good value.I will go back one more time for the buffet.  I think that's the better value.
4	Got a chance to try out aroma this past weekend. It was a welcome change from the previous Indian restaurants in the space. The menu was good and the flavors were nice. The service was great!  The only thing off was that there is no background music, which made diners all around seem louder.
5	Second visit here and upgrading my review from 4 stars to 5 stars. The food here is ridiculously good. My wife and I were the only non - Indians dining on our second visit. Kinks in the service from the first visit have been worked out. The menu is huge. Ask for advice as necessary.I am now looking for excuses to go to Concord so I can eat here again. And again.
5	I love this place! Excellent food and service. The food may take a little longer to get to your table but it's obvious that its because they make these complex dishes to order. Well worth the wait. Best Indian food in the Charlotte area!
5	Wow! This is the best South Indian food in US. I travel a lot and have done a lot of Indian places including big names in LA, NY city and Dallas etc. No place beats this. Very true to the name, Aroma of spices and fresh cooking is evident as soon as you step the foot in the door. Spacious, open, well lit and great food/customer service. Wow!
4	Food is very, very good.  The best Indian good in the area.  This restaurant just needs to work on the little details to be perfect.  Don't bang the silverware around while you put it away, teach the waiter how to pour ice water from a pitcher so that some ice goes in the glass.  Still, overall a great restaurant and not to be missed.
4	I had the buffet here. I am extremely glad that there is one more good Indian restaurant with some good service and variety. I had the vegetarian side of the buffet, but I did see some meat eaters having a lot of fun! I ate everything which was vegetarian (everything.) The varieties were good, nothing was on the extremes. It was balanced. You should try it once, its not aha- or mind blowing, but it is just that fine balance of spices. I hope they maintain that standard.
4	Had dinner here today and was completely satisfied. The spice levels were as we requested and the quality of food and service were excellent. Lamb chettinadu and moghlai chicken curry were authentic and the best was the fish fry.. Which was worth waiting A star less for veggie dishes that were just satisfactory.I strongly recommend this place.
5	Fantastic buffet with a good combination of meat and veggie dishes. The eggplant was some of the best I've ever tried. The kebab chicken and fish was very tasty. Chechen 65 was tender. And of course, Chicken Tikka Masala. The desserts were also varied and tasty. Very good deal and quite good.
2	Heard a lot of this place for buffet but disappointed, may be because of comparing with other buffet in US. Found silverware not clean and short of spoons.A place to visit once not often.
4	Delicious Indian buffet for lunch and very reasonably priced. This is one of the best Indian buffets I've been to in terms of taste and variety. There were a lot more choices than most restaurants and the flavors were great.
4	Had to go up to Charlotte for a trade show.  I've heard about this place from an Indian friend of mine who said was very authentic.  So my friend and I headed up to Concord Mills.  When we arrived we were seated promptly seated.  Our waitress was very knowledgeable and asked the chef if she was unsure of anything.  I ordered the Tandoori Mixed Grill and it was amazing!  I had several pieces of chicken, shrimp, and lamb.  And the chef even gave me a peanut sauce as well.  The owner came out and spoke with us as well.  And the naan, best I've ever had!  Overall, very good Indian restaurant. Kinda of the pricey side, but well worth it.
1	The kashmiri naan was bland and burnt. The service was crap. Was there for thirty minutes when our waiter came back (after we fnished the naan) and asked if anyone had take our order. I clearly said no and he took our menus and walked away. I gave him sometime.assun was coming back and then went to the rgister nd requested to pay my tab and left. The floors we're greasy ad slick. The bathroom is down a storage hallway. The pappadums we're stale. All in all, the enire place was crap. I guess I will never be able to find good indian close to home.
5	Excellent food and service!!! Can't wait to go back and try more items on the menu. We had the Poori bread with a mashed potato dish - which was great. Our main meals, chicken tikka masala and baingan bharta (mashed eggplant) were delicious.
4	This place is absolutely solid. So why not give stars? Only because nothing really stood out as amazing. Want really good traditional northern and southern Indian and your near the outlets? This is your spot! Just a heads up, if you ask for hot, they serve it hot!
5	Ate at Aroma for the lunch buffet today and everything was excellent, definitely the best Indian food I've had (although I have very limited experience with Indian food I must admit). The buffet was well-stocked with a variety of options, and everything was warm and fresh! The staff was nice and quickly took plates and refilled drinks every time I returned to sample some more from the buffet. I'm not an expert on Indian food, but everything I tried was at least decent with some choices that were excellent. My favorites from what I tried were the kodi vepudu, dal tadka, chicken curry, and their naan which was excellent. I would highly recommend trying the buffet for anyone who is looking to experiment with Indian food or who loves Indian cuisine because, especially for only $9, it can't be beat! I'll have to try some regular dishes off the menu now that I know how good the food is.
5	Such great indian food for a really good price! They have good standards like tiki masala but also really authentic food like this amazing cauliflower appetizer that was recommended but not on the menu! Super friendly and great service.  Will definitely come back again!
