5	I am afraid to write this review in the fear that the whole world is going to start flocking to this place and they won't have time to see us anymore... sigh. Things I do for you yelpers!This office is the best ever pediatricians office we have ever been too. They always treat you professionally and with courtesy. They also do same day appointments for the really really sick. There are two seperate entrances  to this pediatricians office and also seperate seating areas. One is for sick child, and the other is for well child. This gives me peace of mind when I take my lil'un there. They also have different theme rooms. One room is cowboy theme, the other one is all about panda's. There is a teddy bear room too. My kid just loves it there.The doctors are very professional. We mostly see Dr. Nania who is one of the most gentlest but sharp pediatricians out there. Always gives good advice and is not pushy. She explains things in a very easy to understand way and always waits for your input. Btw, they also got the swine flu vaccine like two weeks ago when the rest of the doctors/flu offices are still waiting for it.You will love it here.
5	dr. matsumoto and her team are the best!  she came recommended to me by a friend who also goes there.  they truly care about the WHOLE child and not just their medical care.  we have seen 3 of the pediatricians in the office and they have all been great.  we developed a special bond with Dr. Miller during a very lengthy health issue with my son.  it's a 45 minute drive for us now that we've moved, but we still make the drive  to see dr.  miller because we  trust her to make the right decisions and offer the best advice for my child's health.
5	We've take our daughter to Dr. Ramirez at TLC since we were released from the hospital.  I've seen all but one of the four doctors, and have been extremely pleased with all of them.  They offer both a sick and well child waiting room.  Our daughter loves the themed rooms.  With small children, you will have the inevitable emergencies that require a doctors visit.  My child is two now, and we have never been unable to get an emergency/sick appointment.  Our phone calls have always been promptly returned on the same day.  Anything they told us they were doing, was done as promised.  I cannot recommend them highly enough!
4	Dr Matsumoto is great she has been both of our kid's doc since birth.  Great at communication with the kids and the parents.  She recognized and helped us with some early intervention for our newborn that I don't think any other DR would have caught.  I have also seen DR Ramierez a couple of time and think she is excellent as well.The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is the front office sucks... I've been taking my kids there for 10 years and certain that nobody other than DR. Matsumoto knows my name.  Rarely a warm greeting when you check in, no counter space to fill out paperwork.  Waiting room times have improved.  When I call the office I always call when I can afford to be on hold for several minutesCare of the kids is most important so I will always recommend them.
5	This is the best pediatricians office around!  My daughter sees Dr Miller and she is so sweet!  She has been very supportive in our delayed shot schedule that we wanted to do.  I love that they have a sick lobby and a healthy lobby!  And they have same day appts for her when she is really sick.Their after hours help like is awesome!  If the nurse can't help the Dr on call will call you!
5	We love TLC pediatrics! It is a 30 minute drive for us, but we trust them so we make the trip. We see Dr. Ramirez, who is fantastic. We've seen all of the doctors at various times, and they are all wonderful. Have made calls to the nurse line and always receive a call back the same day.
5	Been taking both my kids here from day one and I recommend them to everyone! I have always been able to get same day appointments, the staff are always friendly and considerate, they run very close to on time, and the doctors listen to me and take my opinions and thoughts into consideration. That last one is VERY important to me! Plus, Dr. Matsumoto & Dr. Miller both have privileges at Banner Desert/Cardon Children's Medical Center. So I know if my kids end up there, their pediatrican will be able to assist with care. This was also very important when our first born was in the NICU for the first week of his life.
4	10 Stars for Dr. Miller.No stars for the wait time.Every time we go we have to wait an hour to see the dr, while other people come in and get called in a snap. It doesn't matter if we come 30minutes early or 5 minutes early. It is VERY aggravating, especially because I have to tote a newly 2 (I call her my crazy or Little Miss) and baby.Really if it wasn't for Dr. Miller I would have left after the first visit. She is AMAZING my baby boy absolutely adores her, yet doesn't want to be held or touched by any other person. He literally turns to mush when he sees her. If he could speak he would ask her to marry him. I know this.Dr. Miller gave us great advice and help with Little Miss.
5	Being a military family we have been to so many pediatricians both good and bad... but I have never come across Dr's quite like the ones at TLC ( and I'm a nurse who works w/ drs all day everyday).  My children see Dr nania... she's soft spoken calm passionate and understanding with my concerns. She's called me @ 8pm once to let me know a RX is ready that she called in. My son had blood work done today and Dr. Miller ( who we're not even a pt of ) called @ 930pm to let me know his labs are normal. For a mother that's a breath of fresh air, and AMAZING that she took time out her busy schedule to let me know and relieve some fears .  A++ for TLC pediatrics highly recommend to anyone who really wants the best for their child/children.
3	Dr. Miller is great and has been the reason we keep returning. However the wait times are too long. It takes anywhere from 30- 60 minutes after your apt time to see the dr. Even if you go right after lunch. I assume this is because they take sick kids in the day of. Which would also be a benefit I guess. My biggest complaint is when my child goes there, he always gets sick. Maybe the rooms could be a little cleaner? Or nurses and drs can wash hands more often. Or even , wipe down the scale once in a while. This is very frustrating and is one of the reasons I will be looking for another dr. It's a shame because we really like the drs.
2	Been going here for 4 years but thinking of switching. LONG WAIT TIMES. I've made afternoon, morning, Monday, Wednesday appointments and I ALWAYS wait an hour or more. Really bothersome.
4	I do love this doctors office but the wait time is dreadful. I would recommend Dr. Miller to any one with children.
