4	"The Underground opened on Feb. 19, 2010. The club has a capacity of 250 to 300 people, and specializes in punk, hardcore, and rock acts."http://www.azcentral.com/thingstodo/venues/The_Underground_797650545832I really like this venue. So, why 4 stars? It's so darn hard to find! I'm not even sure how to get in from the front. I drove right past it without seeing a sign. I got lucky & turned into the alley off MacDonald.Google map location: http://bit.ly/9l5ofZYou have to go down the stairs to the "Underground".I think the floor has been epoxied a whitish color.There are a couple tagging style murals on the walls. They're interesting but I have no clue what they actually say though.The stage is a carpeted step up from the crowd. It's not huge or anything, but it's big enough for some jumping around. Seems about the average size for a small venue like this.The sound was GREAT! You could actually understand what the singers were saying, even if you didn't know the band. I'm a huge fan of this place because of the good sound. That's the whole point of a music venue. Good music!If you live on the East side of the Valley then this is a pretty neat little venue to check out :)
3	Last night I went to see Banner Pilot and Teenage Bottlerocket at the Nile Underground in Mesa, AZ.What I'm left with, more than anything, is that this place is fucking HOT in the summer.  Is there anyway the people who run The Underground could hook up a portable AC or something?  It was a relief to hit the 104 degree street after each band was done.Aside from that the venue is just small enough to be intimate and large enough to hold a decent crowd.  It's enough of a dive to retain street cred but (somehow) established enough to host larger bands who still marginally exist below the mainstream radars.They sell water, soda, snacks and earplugs.  But jeezus man, get an AC in that place.  Postscript: If you're claustrophobic never mind going to The Underground.  I'm not claustrophobic but I still felt uncomfortably closed in.  However, it's not enough to keep me from avoiding this place.
4	Small intimate club setting....checksweaty as balls....checkshitty crowd capacity....checkhardcore, punk rock, and metal shows......check Im in.....however it doesnt take much to please me when it comes to shows and to be honest the sound quality was excellent for such a small club I was suprised to say the least.That and the fact that its biking distance from our apartment make it an easy choice....
3	Small, tiny, "intimate" stage within the Nile Theater. It's not TOO bad if you have to see a small show. It's disgustingly sweaty in the summer, but it's kinda like the Clubhouse - a great place to see a show but not the best venue ever made.I'd love to see better bathrooms at this facility and better signs for parking. Just make sure to bring ear plugs!
5	If you are a music lover this is the place for you...
3	I went here last night to see War of Ages, Straight Line Stitch and Times of Grace.  The bands were awesome but I had a few problems with the venue.Pros:Intimate venue, awesome for seeing good bands up closeGreat sound qualityCons:You have to pay $2 to get your hand stamped so that you can go in and out!Very cold, yes it's February and cooler than normal but it felt like they had the AC going, it was warmer outside than inNo liquor or beer and only candy, chips and soda for saleWill I go back?  Yes, it's a cheap place to see good bands but I'll make sure to do my eating and drinking beforehand and bring a warm jacket.
5	This place is an awesome piece of AZ Hardcore history. The basement gets hot. Duh! It's a basement. What do you expect? Even if they put an awesome AC unit in there it's still gonna get balls hot when it's packed. Duh no beer no liquor it's an all ages venue NOT a bar. you wanna drink? there are plenty of places in walking distance that would love to have you. This place is awesome!
1	Saw a concert in the main portion of the Nile Theater in July.  People need to know there is no alcohol service in the theater, it is extremely hot with no air conditioning, and the sound quaility is very poor.  Go see the bands you like anywhere else.
4	I like this venue, it is hot, but that is to be expected since it's a basement. I like that security isn't too uptight here like the other venues I've been to, and they sell cheaper water/soda. The snacks are also a plus.
4	I finally saw a show here this week. We went to see The Ghost Inside and Redeemer and both really enjoyed the show and the venue. It's very intimate. You can get up in the musicians' faces and scream or sing along with them. It is actually underground as well, which was really cool.Pros:-Intimate experience-Cheap tickets-Underground (no pun intended) bands play here-Lots of free parking nearby-Ins and outsCons:-No barThey do not serve liquor, but the people working the door will gladly direct you to the nearest bar, which is only a few blocks away.I like dive-y venues, so I really enjoyed this one. I'm definitely planning on going back to see another show here in the future.
3	I'm a Nile kid from way back in the day. Like when Sam Means (guitarist from The Format) was running the door and Nate Ruess was the lead singer of a little band called This Past Year. Old school.And it looks like nothing has changed except ownership (on paper) and maybe a fresh coat of paint here and there. The best way to get here is still off of 1st, taking a left (north) just before MacDonald into the back parking lot. The doors for both the upstairs and downstairs venues are still in an alley. And it still looks sketchy as hell. Ah memories....I paid my cover and started my descent down the uneven, gray, broken steps w/ no rail like I had so many times before. Seriously this place looks almost identical to how it did back in 2001. Theirs still some murals painted on a few walls as well as behind the stage. There are still holes in the walls, and the bathroom is still upstairs and questionable. Shows in the basement will always be cheap, intimate, and loud. Not to say that I didnt have a great time, but I was hoping whoever bought The Nile would work to improve it as well as the quality of the bands they book. About the only thing thats changed is that theres actually places to go nearby for food and booze that are open later.We'll always have 2001-2003 Nile Basement...
3	I'm writing this during a break at The Acacia Strain show and I will have to keep this quick. Totally a metal venue based on ambiance and decor. The PA is okay. The lack of a bar is a complete joke. Location is mediocre. That's about as succinct and accurate as I can get.
5	Facts about this club;If you can't go to a show without a drink you should already be in AA.....seriously look at yourself in the mirror, your life shouldn't revolve around alcohol and if it does there are bars a stones throw away.We live in Arizona....my freezer and swimming pool are sweaty in the summer.  Pack 300 kids into a Terror show in July and watch how quickly the stage dives stop....worth the price of admission every time.If you don't understand how awesome it is to have an all ages club support the scene you should re-evaluate you concert descision making and stick with creed and avenged sevenfold.If you complain about the restrooms in any concert venue you obviously don't know the struggle and losing battle it is to work a service job in any aspect.   It's grungy but so are its patrons.  It's light years ahead of the porty potty you suffered through at warped tour, and if you hit it at the beginning of the night often smells like a mystical pine filled forest covered in bleach.The sound here is awesome, so is the PA, and so are the sound dudes....although when bands bring their own sound people it can be a crapshoot.  The acoustics upstairs are incredible.This place is one of the last true DIY venues in the country, and is seriously awesome.  Party on Wayne support your local scene.
2	This place is filthy and poorly ventilated. The sound system consists of four speakers that aren't even mounted to the ceiling. They're strapped to support beams. I rarely give poor reviews. The only reason I give two stars is that bottled water is only $1 each.
