4	I have my eyebrow lady there.  She's there on Wednesdays and does a fab job.
4	Came here while I was in Vegas for the weekend. Owner is nice, service is good, the chairs are a plus, they're newer model massage chairs and def felt it.
5	I called first to see what the price was for gels and Tom was very helpful. I went in a couple of hours later and he remembered our phone conversation. Tom was very nice and did a great job.
1	I'm being very generous with my rating.  If I could, I would provide a zero, but I guess you can say the 1 star is for friendliness.  The staff are friendly, I will not discredit them on that.I went in to have a pedicure service done with my sister.  I'm use to a nice relaxing service that lasts no less than 30 minutes. Foot soak, scrub, cleaning of nails, then paint application. A thorough job... Now, I'm not saying $20 is a lot of money, but I am saying I expect more than a 13 minute you're in and you're out service.  The gentleman who worked on my pedicure filed my nails all the way down, not smooth. He then painted my nails not reaching all of the nails' surface, so you could see areas of which he didn't reach. My sisters nails were at least smooth, but again the same amount of time was spent on her service as mine.My guess is they had appointments and were just trying to get the revenue not caring about the outcome.  I would've rather been told that they were not available.  Utterly disappointing. Note: Not exaggerating on the time spent there. Arrived at 5:55pm and left at 6:08pm.
1	I went for a spa pedicure the massage chairs do not work & they do not tell you but charge you for a spa pedicure. They speak in there language to each other the entire time & did not acknowledge me. The entire time I got my nails done the lady stayed on the phone. Horrible service & they did a horrible job, I asked to speak to the manager & he never came out, its been three days and he never returned my call. I will never go there again I'd give it zero stars
5	Awesome place under new management. The owner takes his time to get to know what you want and like..highly recommend this nail salon
