1	If I could I would give this shit whole NEGATIVE 3 stars! We ordered at 10:30 and they got here at 1:15 am!!!! Our food was cold, they gave us a cheese pizza when we ordered pepperoni, their excuse was that they 'had too many orders at that time' bitch... Please.
2	I ordered from the neighborhood closest to my job their chicken fingers were cold and gross they did offer to replace them also cold and Gross ordered from this location hoping for a different outcome... the soda was hot and the fingers were cold very gross yet again!!! They offered me a free 10" pizza for inconvenience. I just called to redeem the free pizza ohhhhhhhhhhhh they were very rude... stating you get a free pizza THAT IS IT... I replied OK I don't disagree... then he stated we will not just deliver you a free pizza you need to order something additional.... instead I went and picked it up. The Cheese Pizza was ok but the philly cheese steak I ordered was good. The young lady at the cafe was very polite.
1	Ordered a pizza and the pizza looked good when I picked it up from Cafe Verde. The problem was that when I picked up a slice to eat, the cheese and toppings just slid off the pizza. I don't know how to describe the cheese but it just didn't stick to the dough. It was the messiest pizza I ever ate. Anyway the sloppy pizza would have been okay, but then when I was tasting the pizza, the cheese was rubbery, the crust could have used some kind of flavoring ( like butter or salt) and the sauce which is one of my favorite parts of a pizza, was just bland. I ate it because I was starving, but in the future, I will pick another pizza place. Actually ordered Dominos right afterward, because we still weren't satisfied.
1	We placed our order at cafe verde, 40 minutes later we called to check on our order status and found to our surprise that our order was canceled!!! Why? Apparently we're "not within delivery distance"...could have told us that when we placed the order and it's funny how that was never a problem before?!?  Seriously Verde? Never again!
1	Ordered online,  and recieved a phone call to specify the address including the cross streets. Recieved a call an hour later from a different person who went the opposite direction,  who told me it would be another hour before he would bring me a cold pizza. Explained multiple times to cancel the order then.
1	Placed an order for a single burger and fries at 5pm, didn't get it until almost 7:30.  Customer service is non existent.  I used to get all my staff to order from here... no more!
1	My cousin ordered a Philly cheesesteak and a Caesar salad at 8:30pm because this place is LITERALLY 1 MILE AWAY! It is now 10:00 and the food just arrived. She received a phone call an hour after she ordered because the driver said he'd gotten lost (and of course he barely spoke English), so she had to direct him street by street until he got here. The lettuce in her salad literally tasted like dirt because it obviously wasn't washed, the chicken on it tastes like sawdust and the garlic bread that came with it was soggy and mushy and cold. The Philly cheesesteak was like a half-ass sandwich, barely filled at all, also freezing cold. And the fries that came with it on the side were so cold and hard it was like they had been sitting there for over an hour (which they had)! They also gave her an extra side of caesar dressing instead of the ranch that she asked for with her fries. Everything was so incredibly bland. No seasoning, not even a dash of salt to help the tastebuds force down a bite of the shit that they call food. $20 for "food" that we can't even bring ourselves to finish eating. Please do yourself a favor, and avoid this place at all costs. I can't believe they're still in business based on all the nasty reviews. If I could give this place a -3, I would.
