4	family run italian joynt....excellent food, i enjoyed it as did my firned
5	This is a gem. Don't let the location on the south side of Dorval airport fool you.  The food in this informal family setting was superior.  The service was great -- informative, friendly and attentive to the whims of my aged aunt. Should I return to Montreal I would go out of my way to dine here again.
4	It may look like a hole in the wall on the outside but the family atmosphere and the excellent food more than makes up for it.  Service was a little slow otherwise it would have received 5 stars.
3	As I have said many times I love Italian. When I ended up at near by Best Western I looked up the best rated restaurant on Yelp that was nearby. I ended up at the small Restaurant Foccaccio. It was Italian but it wasn't up to the quality I have had in other restaurants. My biggest complaint was the Parmesan cheese. When i eat Italian I like fresh Parmesan, not something out of a bottle. Food was tasty, but portions were a little on the small side. I would eat here again, but if you are looking for an above average mom and pop Italian restaurant, this isn't it.
4	Found this restaurant last minute through Yelp.  Didn't want to have dinner at the hotel again and didn't find much else in the area.  It is a bit tricky to get to (but not as hard to get to as our hotel).  The food was very good.  The place was very clean and the staff was friendly.  It wasn't busy at all, especially for a Saturday night.  But they do deliver, so you could probably stay at the hotel and order out.  I'm sure access to this area will improve, since there is highway construction going on right now.
5	I was looking for restaurants near an airport hotel, and this gem showed up on Yelp.  Upon arriving, we were kindly greeted and taken to our seats.  The decor is clean, fresh, and modern without seeming sterile.However, as you know, the most important part of any restaurant is the food.  I chose to order the Veal Osso Bucco.  It was served with penne pasta, a tomato sauce, and simply cooked vegetables.The flavor was great, and the veal itself was fork-tender.  The pasta was well-cooked.  Although the vegetables were slightly al dente, it did not take much away from the overall dish.  The sauce was perfectly seasoned, not too oily, and had a richness that forced me to use the bread at the table to clean my plate.  I also enjoyed eating the marrow left in the bones.Along with my meal I enjoyed a half-bottle of the house red wine.  It was quite nice, with a hint of fruitiness and a light effervescence.  It was not very dry, which was to my liking, and paired well with the veal.On the way out I took an order of tiramisu with me.  It was a little different than the traditional version, with a hint of lemon flavor.  This lightened it up a bit, which I thoroughly enjoyed.To top it all off, they have a shuttle service that will take you to and from the nearby hotels.  You simply have to call in and they will come pick you up for no charge.  This is extremely useful during the frigid Canadian winters.If I ever get the opportunity to come back to Montreal, I will certainly do my best to return to this dining institution.  I hope that they remain in business for a long time, because they are serving excellent food for a reasonable price.  Even though I had no idea it existed before today, I will never forget the meal that I enjoyed.  You could do a lot worse than to dine at Focaccio's!
5	Make no mistake, the food (and service) was incredible!!!!!
