5	I've lived in PIttsburgh most of my life and have gone to the Carnegie zillions of times. I had never been to this cafe though. When you go in on of the entrances of the Museum of Art it will be in front of the large glass window facing Forbes Ave and the fountain. You can pick up sandwiches and cold foods from the cases or order hot food at the register. Their menu very pretty diverse so its good for all ages. Its cafeteria style unless you order hot. If you order hot food they bring it to the table. Meals are under $10.My favorite item is their salmon cake with asparagus and wild rice. It was amazing! The best I ever had.
4	The boy and I were visiting his brother and sister-in-law who have recently moved to Pittsburg.  During our day-long visit to the Carnegie Museums, we decided to stop and have lunch here rather than wander the city looking for food.  The boy had the steak sandwich, which he said was a little greasy, but yummy.  I had the petite salad and mushroom soup; it came with a cute little bread bun.  The salad was prettily presented, but the carrot curlicues were very challenging to eat gracefully.  The soup was very good, and the combo only cost $5!We sat by the window, which presented a nice view of the fountain and the street.
4	This is inside the Carnegie Art Museum but outside the paid area.  Although very crowded it was surprisingly quick.  Order at a counter, pick up your drink, pay, and they bring the meal to your table.  Small menu, light stuff, but fast and good.  I had a cajun shrimp salad (the daily special that day), crunchy lettuce decorated with the medium-sized well-spiced shrimp.  Definitely a satisfying light meal.
4	Tried this cafe on the recommendation of others on yelp. The food was good, but I would call this a $$ restaurant. Not that great of a value. I had the chicken burger sandwich and my husband had a roast beef sandwich. They were good, but a bit pricy as you might imagine for a museum cafe.
2	They need more veggie options.  I asked for the fontina and spinach quiche, which sounded delicious.  A few moments after I ordered, the staff told me they were out.  They were apologetic, but the only other veggie options were salads and (yuck) a garden burger.  I ended up disappointed, and having to find somewhere else to get food.
