5	About a month ago my Car got wrecked in an accident that wasn't my fault.  even though the other drivers insurance takes care of repairs and a rental car.  It's still very upsetting to be without your car for an extended period of time.  A friend recommended that I take my car to Sterling for the repairs.Sterling was completely professional, gave me nearly daily updates via text, and called me multiple times each week to update me on the status of my repairs.  When all was said and done, the repairs were completed nearly a week early.When I went to pick up my car, everyone was extremely friendly and helpful, explained what was repaired, handed me some paperwork and my keys and I was on my way and back to normal.utter professionalism and quality service.
1	I had a terrible experience with Sterling Auto Body in Peoria. After I was involved in a front end collision I had my vehicle towed to Sterling at the recommendation of my insurance company. I was told that because they were a direct repair network shop the tow would be free.  They ended up billing my insurance company $80 for the tow.  After about three weeks I got a call that my car was done.  As I drove it home I realized how dangerous the car was to drive. The brakes were not adjusted properly after the car was put back together. If someone test drove the car before they called me they would have realized how dangerous the car was to drive. I immediately took the car back. The second time I picked my car up I noticed that the bumper was not lined up correctly and it had a rattle when I drove.  The bumper was fixed but I was told the rattle was normal because my car was "older" (2007 with less than 25K miles). After I picked up my vehicle the third time I took it to Firestone and explained that I had a rattle under the hood.  They immediately noticed that a couple of aluminum plates on the fire wall were overlapping and fixed it for free, on the spot.  I had also pointed out to Sterling that the engine had a shake it did not have before the accident.  Again, I was told this was normal and it would probably smooth out over time.  I took the car to my mechanic who discovered a hairline crack in a motor mount. After several weeks of going back and forth with Sterling, my insurance company, and my mechanic the car is now fixed and running great.Dealing with Sterling was extremely frustrating and I would not recommend them to anyone I care about.  They dismissed my concerns as being too critical.  I had to take my vehicle to two other shops in order to get my vehicle running the way it should have the first time I picked it up from Sterling.
5	A few months ago I was side-swiped sitting at a red light and my driver side mirror was snapped-off by a very impatient driver. I went in to Sterling on a Tuesday morning a few weeks ago with a replacement mirror I bought on-line and was out in little over an hour, and not as light in the wallet as I expected. Professional and timely service for such a busy shop. Rates are right in line with other shops in the area.  If I ever need any further body work, I will definitely go back.
5	First class repair center that is customer oriented with fast service.  I recently used This Sterling repair center to fix my Lexus and the repair estimate was reasonable.  They completed the repair to my satisfaction and my vehicle was available ahead of the planned date.  Special thanks to Scott who was professional and courteous!
1	I am having a very bad experience with this place on 75th ave & north of Greenway Rd. in Peoria. HOWEVER, I am going to give them a chance to redeem themselves or I am going to tell you what they did. Today is February 9th 2013, I will write another review in a week and let you know how they handled it.Call me for pictures/explanation 602-725-7488 LarryP.S its not libel if its the truth;)
1	The worst body shop and by far the worst experience I have ever had anywhere. They are crooks as well let me explain.... My truck was backed into damaging the driver's side bed causing the bed of the truck to bend in other places due to the impact of the collision. I got an appraisal from one body shop and they said it would be $1300. I had taken my vehicle to Sterling before because Allsate recommends them and even has an advisor on site so I decided to go there for an appraisal as well and Sterling quoted $800. Allsate advised me they would only cover the amount Sterling quoted so I had no choice, Sterling got my business.  We (Allsate advisor and myself) took pictures explained the damage and the advisor got us a rental car to use while my truck was being repaired. They called and said my truck was finished 4 days later. I went to pick it up and noticed they had fixed the dent but not the other parts of the bed that had been pushed in due to the impact of the collision. The manager of the store Kenneth Martin came out to look at the truck when I said all of the damage wasn't repaired, he took a look at the paperwork Allsate had provided with the list of covered work and said "oh yes we messed up because the paper work says "trunk" you don't have a trunk because its a pickup truck it's called a bed" So he had me leave with the rental and it would all be taken care of. 4 more days go by and they called me in the middle of the day saying my truck was ready I asked for Kenneth because I was at work and would be unable to make it to the shop before they closed so I wanted to see if there would be a charge for the rental. When Kenneth got on the phone he said the following "your rental will not be covered and neither will the extra work you had us do, you are committing insurance fraud you had us fix things that were previously there, I'm sorry the truth is too much for you to handle but you are a thief!" I was shocked, floored, appalled, come to find out he had fixed a scratch about 2 inches long on the other side of my bed THAT I NEVER ASKED HIM TO! I called my Allsate agent and went to get my vehicle the next day after being assured I wouldn't have to speak to that man or sign any paper work. Of course when I get there they want me to sign so Allstate will pay for the work they did I refused and after an hour of arguing they called my agent and let me go without signing the paperwork. When I pulled out of the parking lot I saw Black smoke coming from my exaughst (never happened before) Thinking they had messed with my truck overnight I immediately drove to the nearest shop. The service advisor asked to see the paper work from sterling to see if there was any reason my pipes would be smoking. As he looked over the work order he started pointing things out that they had charged Allsate for but not completed.. paint, gloss, rewiring of tail lights ect. None of that had actually been done! After checking my engine they determined it was running rich from sitting for so long, however they had found that my tail lights were not working and that was because they had removed the wiring, twisted it and balled it up under the bed of my truck. Today everything has been fixed I was not charged for the work sterling did and I will tell everyone I know to never EVER go there!
1	Two months later and I'm still waiting for the car stereo case that came with the radio they installed, plus I spoke with Scott on 3-16-13 and he said he would look into it. Spoke to Kenneth yesterday and he had the negative attitude to tell me that a detachable stereo does not come with a case!! That's like saying a the right shoe does not come without the left shoe.  A company says alot about the people they employ, and while Scott is VERY good and knowledgeable, there are some individuals who need more training and customer service at this location. Its okay Sterling, I just sent Allstate a message, they will contact you and  to fix he over spray. The last comment  and FACT is if you would have done the job right the first time, you would not have a bad business review. I will update my experience whenever my truck gets fixed. Next month , next year.......you tell me. Meanwhile I"ll send corporate a message  to follow up.
1	They never looked into the matter and never contacted me....HORRIBLE COMPANY!! GO ELSEWHERE!
1	If i could leave negative stars I would. Start with I was side swiped and I informed them that truck not driving right and alignment and front end mechanical needs to be looked at they were hesitant at first. Long story short they missed Major mechanical items (front transfer case internal damage) wind noise never fixed. They were condescending when I was speaking to them about my repairs and what I felt was going on they told me "well your not a mechanic"  6 months later and another six thousand dollars later the insurance company totaled out the vehicle because first shop missed so many items.
4	A couple months ago, someone "bumped" into me while I was at a stop light. Luckily, I wasn't hurt, but my car was. I chose to take my car to Sterling because it was on the list of places recommended by my insurance company. I'm so glad I did!They took care of me from the moment I met I made an appointment to the day I got my car back. They worked directly with my insurance company. They took care of the rental car for me. They kept me updated on the repairs. It was a smooth process.They're getting 4 stars instead of 5 because when I got my car back, the trunk shut tightly... I had to use some effort to get it to latch. Plus, they didn't tuck the trunk lining into the rubber edging, leaving it looking undone. However, I was able to return the next day (more time off work) and they quickly adjusted the latch and I was on my merry way.I would recommend Sterling to my friends and would use them again if need be.
5	Chev Suburban driver door & fender repair completed promptly & professionally.  Same vehicle repaired couple years previously following extensive damage  to front end by hit & run driver, with the same exceptional level of service. Awesome finish & paint quality both repairs.  Thought they went above & beyond normal servicing requirements to insure that everything was shipshape, & customer kept apprised of progress during repair days.
