5	Mark is incredible, and was the best choice when it came to getting a property manager. He seriously did everything! Got the renters, got their deposits, drafted forms, filed licenses, showed the property, listed it for sale to investors, and as requested, sold it for us!! We are so incredibly happy to have met him and had the opportunity to work with him.The website is great and the auto-deposit of rent is flawless. He's incredibly flexible and patient, and never gave us any headache whatsoever (despite the complexity of our situation).Great guy, wonderful manager, and I'm proud to now call him a friend. Thanks, Mark!!!
5	Mark is incredible, and was the best choice when it came to getting a property manager. He seriously did everything! Got the renters, got their deposits, drafted forms, filed licenses, showed the property, listed it for sale to investors, and as requested, sold it for us!! We are so incredibly happy to have met him and had the opportunity to work with him.The website is great and the auto-deposit of rent is flawless. He's incredibly flexible and patient, and never gave us any headache whatsoever (despite the complexity of our situation).Great guy, wonderful manager, and I'm proud to now call him a friend. Thanks, Mark!!
5	They are the most caring, thoughtful, and helpful group of people that work well together, willing to help any customers for any types of need in any situations. I really highly recommend them.
5	Mark and his team are nothing short of OUTSTANDING!!! I have leased homes where the owner is property manager and just finished my 2.5 year experience with Mark as a property manager and the difference is amazing.  Any issues with home be it with landscaping, the pool, dishwasher, etc Mark had it resolved FAST! His website is easy to use and making payments is a breeze (which I will dearly miss as my new property manager wants me to run down to Chase every month to deposit in their account). Now that I experienced the difference, I know that when I have a home to lease, I will be calling on Mark's services!!  I'll be able to focus on dentistry (my profession), with the confidence that my home is being taken care of by a true professional!!!Thanks again Mark & team !!!!
