1	service was wonderful and very friendly. I ordered a green chili burrito and taco. The taco was good, the green chili burrito I threw half of it away. The meat inside was chopped up, left over carne asada meat that was way over cooked and dried out. Their hot sauce also had a lot to be desired. The red and green hot sauce was flavorless, so i went for the habanero. It had SOME heat, but again, zero flavor. This is a new establishment, and I would love to see them take off, but they are going to need to use FRESH meat, and give their food some seasoning.
1	I would have given zero stars if it were an option. I live nearby and thought I would pick up a burrito to take to school with me for the next day.When I went to eat it in the morning, I decided that I would like it to have some cheese. As I opened the tortilla a found a piece of a metal sponge on the tortilla. I let that issue slide and I ripped that piece of the tortilla off.As I ate it later and fought the horribly over-cooked flavorless meat (I had also ordered the Green Chile Burrito per the employee's recommendation) I found A BUG inside of the burrito!!! I was so disgusted!! I have never had something like this happen to me before and I ignored the metal to only find something even worse.I then called them to explain to them what had happened and they asked if I wanted another burrito. I refused the offer, because really, WHO would want to eat there after that?!? I told them that I was just calling to let them know what had happened so that they could be more careful and clean and then they HUNG UP the phone on me!!!! They wouldn't even take responsibility for this nastiness!!!I paid $4.50 for the burrito and I left a $3 tip so that I could eat METAL and BUGS?!?  This has been my ultimate worst food experience EVER.I HIGHLY recommend that you NEVER go here. Sorry guys, but you REALLY screwed up!
1	This place has a disgusting smell when you walk in and then the food is just ok.  My husband and I had breakfast burritos, I have to say my bacon was crispy which was the only good part.  My husband had sausage and he ended up with food poising, so we will never go back.
1	Ordered a Monterey burrito (carne asada, cheese and beans) husband ordered a big burrito (chile relleno, beans, rice cheese, guacamole, pico, and carne asada) we got both wet style. The enchilada sauce on top was disgusting! Super salty and gelatinous. Gross. How hard is it to make some real enchilada sauce or at least buy a good Cannes version. Carne asada was a grey color. No char marks or signs of quality grilling. Looked boiled. We both said our burritos smelled fishy and left with our hands smelling fishy. How was that possible with carne asada? Not going back. Should have listened to the other reviewer!
1	This was not good at all. I ordered fish tacos and I got a Vandeekamps fish stick in a tortilla with tartar sauce.
