1	POOR poor service!!  I came across this company by someone (Keith Kravitz) who writes reviews and he said this is the BEST company to have your grand canyon bus tour with. He stated Excellent Customer Service, what a joke. I haven't tried and will never pay this company for my tour.  They have a phone on the site to call, I called a few times and no answering machine but a recording saying this voicemail box is full and cannot hold too many messages.  Ok, so I decided to email them because I wanted to clarify some things that contradicted Keth Kravitz's reviews, he stated this company is all inclusive with lunch and etc.....But when I looked on the website, it does say "All inclusive" but lunch is not provided. Then of course the first thing came into mind was to call them and clarify. I got fed up with their voicemailing system so I emailed them. This is the response I received:    Alice,We are swamped with tour bookings for tomorrow.  All your answers can be found on our website.  We don't employ a large staff to answer the same questions over and over, which the answers can be found on the website.  If you would like us to answer the phone more, we will have to hire more people and raise our prices.Perhaps our company is just not the right fit for you.  You sound like you need more customer service.  We cater to the independant internet savvy traveller who has no problem using our website.Good luckThis is some kind of EXCELLENT Service!!
4	Paid $80 online.  Spoke to a paradise person everytime I called.  I receive polite info every time.   I explained that we're traveling with childeren and needed to sit together.  I confirmed the day before the trip and assured we would sit together.  We were picked up by a shuttle exactly on time and taken to Excaliber and transfered to a bigger bus.  Not the same bus as online...but it was big and airconditioned.  We were handed a blue plastic bag with a packaged cinnamon roll, banana, & a bottle of oj.  Our seats were reserved with our party name and we all sat together.  We were happy with our sitting arrangment.  Steve our bus driver had lots of good info about Vegas, Hoover Dam, & Grand Canyon.  Yes, it was corny at times but we enjoyed his humor. We stopped for a photo opportunity at the dam for 15 mins.  Which was plenty enough time for us.   We watched a movie on Hoover Dam and NationalTreasure on the way to GC.  When we got to GC we got out box lunch that consisted of a turkey sandwich, chips, cookies and bottle water.   I opted to eat my lunch later... Still full with breakfast bag of goodies.  We decided the free Blue Line shuttle from Bright Angle to Mather Point.  Please do make the mistake we did and take the stop at Mather Camp Ground.  It's not the same.. Wasted time waiting for the next shuttle...Once at Mather Point did we set our eyes on the grandure of the Grand Canyon.  Can't believe how fast 3 hours goes by.   It wasn't long till we boarded the Blue Line back to Bright Angel to meet up with our tour bus. Be sure to take your bio breaks at the rest areas and the Grand Canyon.   The bus driver can't stress enough that the bus bathroom is strickly for emergency use only.  On the way back we stopped at the same Kingman Subway rest stop.  Kids were starving on the way back... So Subway was great to have on the way back.   We slept for most of the ride back to LV.  Yes, we had multiple drop off stops.  But considering the 8-9 hours round trip drive... Taking a tour bus to Grand Canyon is a great alternative.   My young boys will have memories of a lifetime.  And my husband and I had a relatively stress free trip to GC.  All in all I would recommend a tour bus to Grand Canyon.
5	So after searching high and low for a good GC tour company, I came across this guy named Keith who blogs and reviews GC tour companies. I don't know if he makes money off his blog, but who cares? Everybody's gotta make a living. Anyway, he recommends using this company for the South Rim Tour. Well, the GF and I booked a month in advanced and honestly, we were a little nervous. We thought the price was too good to be true.  We figured there had to be a catch. Boy were we wrong! This turned out the be the best decision of the trip. I got an email confirming my reservation right away, the email said to call them once we arrived in Vegas or at least one day before the trip. I did that from Vegas and someone answered the phone and confirmed the time of our pick from our hotel. That morning, the shuttle arrived right on time and took us to another casino where all the buses were waiting. After a quick registration, we were given free coffee, water and some pastries and they put a sticker on our clothing to be used as ID during the whole trip. Then, they showed us to our bus. What a nice bus!! New, with comfortable seats, AC outlets for our cell phones, tablets, camera etc! how cool is that? And, get this: Free WiFi on the bus!!. Awesome!! Then the driver greeted us and proceeded to explain everything we would do throughout the day. He was genuinely nice and friendly. I won't go into the minute details of the trip but I can tell you that it was a wonderful experience. My GF and I enjoyed it very much. The trip included a buffet-style meal in KIngman AZ. We also had a 15 min stop at the Hoover Dam, OMG, I loved this trip and the price? $80.00/person was soooo worth it. Actually, if you think about it, breakfast and lunch alone would've cost us maybe 20-30 dlls a person that day, so the price is really like 50.00 round trip. If you're searching for GC tours, do yourself a favor and book with this company, by the way, I heard that other companies charge you a park entry fee once you're at the GC national park. Not this one, we didn't pay a penny more. The only thing we paid extra was a 20 dollar tip to the driver but he deserved it. The poor thing drove us over and back all day long. Please tip every person who takes care of you!! The maid at the hotel, the valet, the cab driver, everyone deserves a tip. Anyway, wrapping it up, but seriously, we absolutely loooved our trip and we owe it to Paradisefoundtours.com  and to our driver whose name unfortunately I forgot but who is very awsome. If you get him on your trip, please tip him, he's a great guy. See his pic here, he's the one with the hat LOL. Cheers and happy touring. !!!! Greetings from North Hollywood CA. :)
1	Zero stars is what this company deserves and I wish yelp gave that option. While planning a trip to Las Vegas, it was the perfect opportunity to squeeze in a trip to California since I'm not on the west coast often. This was the only company to offer this tour from Vegas and while the price was a bit steep ($200+) it was something I wanted to do. Booking the trip online was fairly easy and the company emailed an itinerary quickly. Prior to my trip I received a second email instructing a 6:20 am pick up time at the main lobby of our hotel. My BF and I were excitedly outside since 6:09 but by 6:25 we grew nervous and called the company. The representative informed us the driver was running late and would arrive shortly. I called again twice in 15 min intervals and was told the driver was on their way. Half an hour later and still no pickup, so I called again and was informed by a very rude and dismissive person named Karen who told me that the driver arrived 3 times at my hotel and I never showed up. I let her know I was at the lobby for at least an hour but she was unsympathetic and not smart enough to figure out a solution. The worker at the taxi stand suggested the driver may be at another entrance designated for large tour buses. When I asked Karen if this could be the issue, she remained rude but relayed this to the driver. We were eventually picked up an hour later after being directed to two other entrances, and all passengers were angry and practically yelling at the driver for our late departure, but it was not her fault. The blame of this fiasco is on this unorganized and unprofessional company. Their communication is poor and customer service is pathetic. It would've been nice if they included in my confirmation email the exact pick up location, and not assume that my first time at the hotel I'd know the gazillion entrances they have. Instead Karen chose to scold me for their incompetence. All of the passengers were extremely disappointed with the tour that seemed like the amazing race to make up for time. Overall, this tour was below my expectations and I wish I never wasted my time and money.Julie was our driver and though my heart did leap in my hands a few times, she was warm and handled a bus full of angry tourists quite well.
