2	I and my children would go the place and yes the comic store does have alot of different items to choose from but one of my children was having a problem with an employee there and made my child feel very uncomfortable. The issue was never resolved by owner so we dont go anymore. Found another comic store that is child friendly and i am very happy !
4	Love this place! My hubby was longing for a place closer to home instead of driving all the way to PBKW & we stumbled upon Spandex City!It's family-run and operated and just a quaint little shop! The staff is friendly and incredibly knowledgeable about just about any genre of comics you can be into! Plus, they can find things for you if it's not in stock or in inventory! They have card game tourneys, if you or your kids are into that, and let you order outside food from 2 approved vendors. I really like going because it's tidy and well-stocked and so much fun talking with the staff! Check them out & make a new friend!
5	(NOTE: The cover picture for this store is old! It looks different now, but still the same colors and items.)My boyfriend and I drive 30 minutes to visit Spandex City, even though we have a couple game stores that are closer. We do it for the friendly staff, the unique product selection, and the bright atmosphere, even if the store is a little smaller than most. No place else in Charlotte makes us feel as comfortable and welcome.We enjoy playing Magic: the Gathering, and we've participated in pre-releases, drafts, and even a two-headed giant sealed. They offer a lot of unique game types too! Michael, the store owner, always seems to be present, and he is a VERY helpful guide for anyone new to Magic or just in need of rules help. Events are very organized, and the people that seem to be regulars are relatively friendly as well. The events usually don't get overcrowded.Like most game stores, you can't bring in your own outside food or drink, but they do have a selection of drinks and snacks you can purchase. However, something that gives them an edge in this realm is that they also allow you to order food from nearby restaurant partner Mr. Geero, AND they just opened their own ice cream shop that will deliver ice cream and smoothies right to your seat! That is SO awesome for those long Magic tournaments where you get starving and just can't catch a chance to pop out for lunch.They often do free raffle prizes during the bigger Magic events (for items like giant spindowns & play mats), and they offer bonuses for pre-registering for events.And best of all... they have a points system called Hero Bucks. Basically, the way it works out in a nutshell, is that for every $100 you spend (cumulative, not just in one visit; AND this applies to event registration fees too), you get $10 off ANYTHING. Extra discounts off Magic cards? I'm in!Overall, give this place a visit, especially if you're looking for a friendly, non-intimidating place to play Magic. It's definitely where you'll find me!
