5	I've gone through several dentists and living in vegas for 15+ yrs, Dr. Gates is probably my top pick!! His staff was friendly from the front desk to the lady that schedules/handles billing. The hygienist, Kelly, was very gentle, sweet and took her time with my teeth cleaning. She was very thorough & I noticed that my cleanings took longer than usual (not in a bad way! lol). I can honestly say, she was the best hygienist i've ever had too! Dr. Gates was very friendly! He has a TV monitor that showed my digital xrays and we went through every slide one by one. He actually found 2 decaying teeth (yikes!!!). None of my previous dentists have ever explored any of the abnormalities with my teeth...they usually tell me there's no problem and my teeth are in great shape. Dr. Gates explained to me that the small gap that i had in my back teeth was caused by the previous work of my dentists! They didnt do my filling right & was in fact made too small!! Grrr!! And here i was thinking it was due to my wisdom teeth extractions!! That small gap allowed many food particles to get wedged up there and causing some decay...glad he caught it early before i would have gotten a root canal!!! He had a camera that he placed in my mouth and we both explored each tooth and he showed me any abnormalities through the tv screen. He also had a device that could tell the degree of decay!!! His office is well equipped :)I would totally recommend him for a thorough check up!! I can tell he is a perfectionist and he has an eye for detail. He gets his patients involved with their oral care. Usually, when i went to dentists, they are blunt with what they find and i get handed a fat bill of what needed to be worked on. Dr. Gates will show you EXACTLY what he is charging you through the whole oral process so there are no surprises!! His office is located on Eastern and Coronado, by MJ Christiansen jewelers. You gotta take the elevator to the 2nd floor.
5	Wow, Dr. Gates and his staff are by far the best I have ever experienced.  The office is immaculate, the staff is very knowledgeable and take the time to explain what they are doing.  Kim, the office manager, is very thorough in presenting the cost in black and white before a procedure is done.  Dr. Gates will take the time to discuss your options and answer your questions always with a smile.  A top notch practice!
