5	Love Love Love Dr. Bakty!I was very skeptical about going to a naturopathic doctor, but Dr. Bakty is amazing. The office location is great along with parking.  Her office is clean, beautiful and I always feel very comfortable. The best part is she always gets me right in, I never have to wait more than a minute. She is very proactive and so far everything she has suggested has really helped me! I would highly recommend her!
5	Dr. Bakty and her staff go above and beyond in service.  Dr. Bakty's knowledge of traditional medicine along with her studies in Naturapathic medicine give her a unique perspective and ability to best serve her patients.  I am happy to have found her and the options she provided in lieu of invasive surgery.
5	LOVE DR. BATKY AND OFC MGR. LINDA!!!I just have to share.........I've worked as an Occupational Therapist for 15 years, and been in various roles in healthcare for 25 years, and I'm acutely aware of the mess healthcare in this country is in.  Dr. Batky and her office manager LInda are true representations of what healthCARE in this country should be.  The professionalism, the thorough, genuine patient CARE is rarely seen in healthcare.  Ofcourse the entire office/treatment room are clean and welcoming.  I  receive Vitamin B-12 injection from Dr. Batky.  After feeling horrible with maxillary sinus pain with green gooky sputum, I knew I needed and antibiotic.  I contract with various employers and donot have health insurance.  It's frustrating; the only affordable individual plans have 5K to 10K deductibles.....that's another conversation! I called FastMed Urgent Clinic at the corner of Shea and Tatum and asked the cost for a visit and a prescription for a ZPack (zithromyacin antibiotic.) They informed me the total cost would be $279.00 which included a membership and the office visit!!! I don't think so.......!I called Dr. Batky's office, spoke with Linda, and they saw me within the hour. As usual, I received excellent care, needed antibiotic AND naturopathic product samples.  I also received and email from Linda as a follow up to see how I'm feeling!!! WHAAT?!?!? This NEVER happens in healthcare!!!I highly recommend this professional, thorough, loving, healthcare provider! They're very proactive.........AND I FEEL SO MUCH BETTER!!! I will be a forever client!!!
5	I've been going to Dr. Bakty for about a year, and she is just wonderful!!  I just LOVE this office!!I came to her when I found out I had a tear in the meniscus of my right knee.  The doctor who found it via MRI told me the only treatment is surgery - and it doesn't always work, so sometimes, the treatment is several surgeries.  Shortly afterwards, I heard about Dr, Bakty from a friend.Dr. Bakty was incredibly pleasant, frank and helpful.  Based on the location of the tear, she was able to say, with confidence, that she could fix me up - and she did!!  Surgery-free!!  I'm back to dancing, hiking, biking, and yoga at my pre-injury levels and beyond!  It's really incredible.She is also gentle and patient.  I was quite intimidated by the treatment, originally (blood is drawn, and there's an injection to the knee area).  She's incredibly gentle with a needle.  I barely felt it at all when she drew blood, and she thoroughly numbed the injection spots on my knee, making the whole experience smooth and virtually painless.  If you're afraid of needles, she's the best!In the meantime, she's taken care of all of my other ailments, everything from colds to  infections, through both naturopathic medicines and antibiotics, as the case required.  I've had so many great experiences with her and her wonderful office manager, Linda - they even responded to a request on the weekend!  My husband goes there, too, now.  We're so grateful to have found such a wonderful doctor.
5	Going to Dr. Bakty was the best decision of my medical life.It all started in the summer of 2013, I went crazy after six consecutive urine infections that I picked up while taking care of my mom in a hospital. It was not easy taking antibiotics courses back to back and all the emotional turmoil was making me go crazy, and on my last straw of sanity I found Dr. Bakty online and thought of giving her natural healing treatment a try. ( I'm a believer in natural healing and God helped me guide to her)Anyhow she took of the treatment with a flying speed and I saw the results immediately and became a fan, and after eradicating my UTI from the root, we went to my next long term issue of Ovarian Cyst that I was having issue since past 2yrs before meeting Dr.Bakty. My OBGYN at Camelback Women's health said that going for laparoscopic surgery is the only way to take care of the Cyst, But it seems she has no idea of what wonders Dr. Bakty's Natural healing course can do. 6 Mnth in the treatment of healthy eating, Vitamins and Accupuncture now i'm completely Cyst free.And all this was just a part of some benefits. I got more1 Absolute stunning Body after loosing more than 7 pounds2 Clear thinking as I do not have that hazy and confused thought waves like earlier.3 Pain free and light periods.4 Occasional muscle and joint ache and pains are history. 5 My full family is eating very healthy and right.And I might have some more to add to her healing treatments very soon...And to all this add all that what Emily B has written in her reviews.
5	Can I give her 6 stars please? Dr. Bakty is seriously the best doctor I have ever been to, and Linda (her side-kick/receptionist) is so personable that I consider her more of a friend. Dr. B listens to everything I say and is amazing at seeing the whole picture with her patients. I came into her office hopeless. I had completely given up on doctors and this was my last-ditch effort to feel better. I had so many things going on and no one else cared. We have been slowly chipping away at what's really going on in my body, and within a week of seeng her I felt like a person again. In addition to helping me get results, she didn't overcharge me. She makes her services affordable and Linda is so easy to reach when I need something. Even the supplements I needed were affordable, and they are prescription grade too!! As well as homeopathic and highly researched. Dr. B is so knowledgeable and cares about her patients. She is my first point of contact for everything and always nudges me in the right direction. If you're hoping for your doctor search to end this is the right place!
5	Can I give at least 100 stars for Linda and Dr Batky?!?Once again, Naturopathic Essentials is honest, ethical, professional, thorough and immensely caring!Disgruntled with a GYN I had been seeing for routine well woman exams and HRT, (hormones replacement therapy), Linda, Dr Batky's Ofc Mgr, Superwoman, eased my frustration, quickly scheduled an appointment within a week.........and quoted a very reasonable cost as I'm a cash paying patient. I've worked in healthcare for 18 years as a COTA/L, in management and sales: if the healthcare system in this country practiced under a "Dr Batky" type of model, costs, frustration, time, unnecessary BS would disappear.If you want thorough, professional, timely baseline holistic medical care that also provides you, the patient, education, kindness and integrity.......make Naturopathic Essentials your healthcare home.
5	From day 1 I knew this was the right place!!I called the office and reached Linda the office manager who was welcoming, friendly and helpful. She goes above and beyond as Dr. Bakty's assistant. You can clearly see they have an amazing rapport and going to their office is just a sheer joy. I don't even know how to begin to express myself regarding Dr. Bakty.  She listens, she cares, she will try everything and anything to help you. She is non judgmental, supporting and encouraging. Very authentic, very real and practical. Together Dr. Bakty and Linda will do everything to work with your needs.  I have since brought my sister and immediately family who all have great things to say. I am planning on getting an appointment for my mom and dad to check all of their levels. I can't say enough positive things, all I can say is go experience it for yourself. If you want to just cut to the chase and find some viable options for compassionate healthcare you must make an appointment here.....
5	Dr. Bakti is amazing! After struggling with some medical issues for over 10 years and doctor after doctor telling me that there was nothing wrong with me, I went to Dr. Bakti. I assumed she could not help me with that particular issue - however I wanted to see a naturopathic doctor because I hate how most doctors are so quick to prescribe but dont really look at the whole person, just the symptom and they always seem to just go for a quick fix, not always what is best for the individual patient.Dr. Bakti surpassed all my expectations. Not only is she easy to talk with and kind, but she really listens and looks at the whole person. She ordered some blood work and tested things no one had ever looked at before. With that information, she was able to find answers I had been looking for for 10 years! After just a few weeks of taking supplements she recommended as a response to some issues with my blood work, I feel like a different person!Linda, her office assistant, always goes above and beyond and is so nice! Make an appointment with Dr. Bakti if you are looking for someone who goes above and beyond, really and truly cares about and does what is best for her patients, and is willing to work with you to make every visit productive, comfortable and helpful.
