5	It's coming up on the New Year when many people make that yearly resolution to get in shape, drop a few pounds, or just live a healthier lifestyle. If this is you, you've also probably wondered what type of supplements you can use to help achieve your goals, but where do you get information about these supplements? From websites or magazines that are really just paid ads for the supplement companies?Luckily, the Valley of the Sun is home to House of Fitness where you can get real knowledge from people who are as committed to a healthy lifestyle as you are! And unlike another Valley chain (cough, cough, Hi Health) the people here won't constantly try and steer you to store brands on which they make a higher profit margin. Instead, House of Fitness gives you solid information with friendly, quality service. And, unlike some stores that charge you an arm and a leg for supplements, House of Fitness has reasonable prices that are cheaper than most other brick and mortar locations and even match the costs you'll find online. Why go to some out-of-state website when you can talk to a real person and support a local business?And hey, don't let the logo or name scare you, you don't have to be a hard-core bodybuilder to shop here, just someone who wants to get into shape. Of course if you are a serious competitor, this is definitely the place for you.As residents of the Phoenix area, we are lucky to have these stores in our region!
5	Great Friendly service, prices and advice. Evi knows what she talking about!!
4	This store has been here for many years. My limited experience has been they give realistic unbiased advice.I base this on speaking with a highly educated professional who does not sell but compliments them on their recommendations and my purchasing from House of Fitness. Even with my limited education I have to agree with the other reviewer's negative comments. I was shocked more than once at the lack of knowledge elsewhere. This place has the knowledge and often experience.
