5	When you have a wackjob of a dog, it's a bit challenging to select a vet. Dr. Hawkes is not only a skilled veterinarian, but she is also so wonderful with our wacky pooch. She makes us (and our dog) feel at ease every time we come in - whether it's for standard vaccinations or urgent care. The entire staff works together and it's nice to see that they value each others opinions and expertise. I love my dog to pieces and the staff here makes sure that he's well taken care of and is as comfortable as possible.We've brought our dog in for everything from standard rabies vaccines to an injured leg. The vets here definitely take care of their "patients" with lots of patience!The office itself is sunny and clean and (as mentioned previously) the front desk staff are super nice. Price wise, let's be real, a vet visit is never cheap, but the prices at South Park Animal Hospital are fair if even a bit more affordable than other local vets. I will absolutely continue to bring my pup to Dr. Hawkes and we may even look into their boarding rates!
5	Outstanding staff, caring doctors, convenient location, and a willingness to get my crazy dogs worked in to the schedule when they have an urgent need (which, fortunately, is not that often).
4	Need shots for your furry friend? They can schedule an appointment within the week easily. If you can't get in during the week, they offer Saturday office hours, but on a first come first served basis. Great location off of Park Road (intersection of Park and Selwyn). Clean facility. Prompt  and friendly service.I know that they cannot be exact with pricing, but having a list of services and approximate prices would be very helpful. They asked to clip my pup's nails, but didn't tell me it's an additional $15 (spotted it on the Yelp "tip" section afterwards). Having not gone to a vet, I assumed it was part of the overall check up. While they saved me having to give my pup a manicure, I would have liked to have known before getting the bill. Overall, however, I was very pleased with the appointment. Dr. Mercer was very nice and informative.
4	Got our puppy 10 months ago and hes been going here ever since. The prices seem competitive and everything is clean and the staff is knowledgable and friendly. We have to move overseas and the vet went out of her way to learn about all the necessary paperwork and procedures for our pup.
5	We are from out of town with our dog and she contracted some fleas. We didn't think to bring any flea medicine so we called this vet and they prescribed her some meds without even an appointment and costly evaluation. I was in and out in 5 minutes. These people are awesome, very courteous, and very friendly. Minus the fact I didn't directly deal with a doctor, the staff and service was great.
1	I will not be returning as a client due to an extremely rude female doctor that attempted to reprimand me for questioning the services rendered as well as the amount of the bill. It is our right as a client to ask questions about what we are paying for as well as question the care for our animals, and as a business it is their job to make the clients feel comfortable enough to do so. They did the very opposite and unfortunately most of my prior visits there have been met with rude cold customer service. If they can't provide their human clients with respect and kindness when we are the ones footing the bill it is unnerving to think how they treat the animals when they are in their care.
5	Dr Keri Hawkes is the absolute best! She is wonderful with my dogs and cats alike, (even the grouchy ones) and has saved a couple from life threatening emergencies. She is a fantastic Doc and a genuinely caring and compassionate person. I have sent several people here are they were thrilled!
4	Need to walk in? The earlier the better...only waited 5 minutes!  :-) We take our 2 dogs here and the staff is great, especially since I have to take both dogs together (even if only one has the appointment) b/c they can't travel apart. Great place and staff for our doggies!
5	Dr. Hawkes was born to take care of animals. We found her long ago when to needed a new vet to help our nervous dog Molly. Dr Hawkes figured out how to cut Molly's nails! ( Believe me, this is miraculous) Dr.H. has  also cared for our family's many other dogs over the years. She has a warm personality and great sense of humor.Plus, she has been a wonderful role model for my youngest daughter, who talks often about being a vet, just like Dr. Hawkes!We recently lost  Molly at home, age 15... I stopped in to get meds for the other dogs and saw Dr. H. through  the reception window. She came out to the waiting room, gave me a hug, and started to cry. Wow. We met Dr. Hawkes when the previous vet screamed at me after Molly bit her, peed, and pooped on the awful metal table during a traumatic "manicure". Molly was difficult, for sure. So we are extra thankful for a compassionate and intelligent person like Dr. Keri Hawkes.
5	Keeping this short. Bottom line is that this is an excellent Animal care facility. They helped save my kitty's life last year, and always treat him very well. They are NOT cheap. But you get what you pay for. Excellent care, treatment and service.
5	I cannot say enough good things about South Park Animal Hospital.  I have been bringing my my two dogs to this office for several years and give every visit an A rating.  From the office staff who is extremely helpful and friendly (who doesn't love Lori?!), confident techs and exceptional care from all of the vets, what is there not to love?I have a 10 year old lab mix and a treeing walker coonhound mix that is 11.  My hound is both deaf and epileptic and has the most sensitive stomach on the planet.  Needless to say, I frequent the vet's office more than I'd like too.  (Thank goodness for VPI.)  As far as pricing, it is comparable to past vets that I have been to in the Charlotte area, i.e. Long Animal Hospital and Commonwealth Animal Hospital.  Let's be real, vet visits aren't cheap no matter where you go.I love, love, love Dr. Keri Hawkes.  I have never had a veterinarian make me feel so informed and comfortable with the decisions that I am making for my beloved pets.  As much as we would like them to, our pets obviously can't tell us when they aren't feeling well.  When a diagnosis is not straightforward, Dr. Hawkes will inform you of all of things that could possibly be causing the problem and will thoroughly explain what course of action she thinks would be best for treatment as well as any other options so you are completely informed.  Her love and compassion is undeniable when she walks into the room with you and your pet.  She obviously greets you but the real greeting goes straight to your animal as she is immediately down at their level, petting them and asking for kisses.  She is a true gem.Cons:  (I'm being picky here.)  A lot of vet offices are located on busy roads for obvious reasons.  It would be awesome if the parking area could be somewhat fenced off so that if for some reason, your dog broke free from your grip, you at least have a chance of getting them before they are immediately in Park Road traffic.  The traffic there makes me nervous every time I get out of the car.  Told ya I was being picky but it's the only con that I can think of.Highly recommend!
