5	Tucker Blalock is a hugely valuable team member at Biltmore Lifestyles Real Estate.  His "native" knowledge of the Phoenix area and real estate market is unique in the industry and has lead him to have a solid reputation as a leader in our industry and specially suited to serve the needs of his clients whether as buyer or seller representative in a constantly shifting real estate market for the present and future!
5	Tucker did an exceptional job helping my wife and I find a house in the Arcadia area. His knowledge and expertise and the way everything was handled was nothing less than excellent! Not only was he thorough in his quest to find us the perfect house but he was attentive and flexible making the entire experience enjoyable. I would have no problems referring his name to others - he's one of the best real estate professionals in the area, and I highly recommend him.
5	Worked with Tucker on a very difficult transaction where emotions ran high on all sides. Tucker was always the voice of reason and was able to keep this deal together and see it through to closing. Everybody knows a Realtor, but there are not many Realtors like Tucker. Highly recommend working with Tucker if you have the opportunity.
5	I can't speak for real estate services, but I can say Tucker is an awesome to have as a landlord. He is attentive, direct, and  helpful. With my past landlord I needed to make several requests before my call was returned, much less anything was repaired. If there's a problem he will get it fixed right away without quibbling or nickel and diming. I have been happily renting for about two years and every once in awhile Tucker will check in to make sure everything's running smoothly. Stand up guy. Recommend.
5	Tucker was an excellent real estate agent to work with while my husband and I were searching for a home. He was attentive, detailed and informed. I would recommend him to anyone looking for an agent who excels in customer service and knowledge of the business.
5	I started looking at homes on my own, thinking I could do it. Wow, was i wrong.  I had worked with Tucker in the past on some different projects and I knew I could trust him.  I can say that Tucker has been a tremendous influence in helping me with finding the perfect home for myself and my family.  He was punctual, attentive, and willing to go the extra mile to make sure I was comfortable with my decision.  I would recommend him highly to anyone looking to buy a home.
5	We hired Tucker as our real estate agent to sell our house earlier this year and couldn't have been happier.  Not only did Tucker list our property on the MLS, but he actively marketed it and was able to bring us a buyer within the first 30 days.  His proactive approach, market knowledge, and business network helped us to get the price that we wanted without having to sacrifice our sanity.  Tucker made great suggestions along the way that really brought our house up to par and helped get us ready for the home inspection portion that I was worried about.  I would highly recommend Tucker to anyone looking for an agent to represent them in the sale of their home!
5	I moved to Phoenix and have worked with Tucker now for several months. He is knowledgeable, professional and thorough. He is trustworthy in his personal and business life. I have every confidence in him and would gladly recommend him to family and friends.
5	Upon arriving and looking for a real estate agent I didnt know what to expect. I called Tucker and he was fast, willing, and able to accomodate my needs. Tucker is totally honest and makes you feel completely comfortable while doing business. I would highly recommend Tucker and will continue to work with him in the near future.
