4	Intimate dining experience in a nice environment. I'd call the food farm to table nouveau southern with a twist. We went the first week (really the first day because of snow after the grand opening) for Valentine's day. We selected the V-Day sampler, which was four courses. The salads were very good with some pickled beets and I believe freshly foraged goodies. There was a lot of flavor from the spices, it wasn't an over-pureed dressing.We both had the Oysters for the appetizer, they were amazing. One was raw, and I believe the others were steamed and broiled respectively. They were all prepared perfectly.For the main dish my wife had a beef heart sampler, which was prepared three ways. I took very small samples of each, and it seemed good. I've never had been heart before, so I had nothing to compare it to. I had pork belly, which was served with sweet potatoes, and something pickled (I'm still not sure what). The pork belly was very good, and the pickled veggie and sweet potatoes paired really well. The pork was cooked to perfection. Dessert was excellent, it was a "smore" tart. It was fantastic. There were candied graham crackers and bruleed marshmallows. It was just great. Everything in the restaurant, including the alcohol is from North Carolina.  I didn't have beer, but I would have liked to have seen Asheville beers in addition to Charlotte. Not knocking the CLT brew scene, but limiting to Charlotte would not have been the way I handled it.Our server Franklin was very well spoken, intimately familiar with the details of the menu and the story of the chef, which is what brought me there in the first place. We ordered a bottle of wine that they had just run out of and they upgraded us to something else, no extra charge. He also didn't have us look at the menu again, he brought out two suggestions to let us pick from as an alternative, which I appreciated.My only real complaint for the night, and the reason I didn't give it five stars is that, for the money, I would have liked a little larger portion of pork belly. I'm not talking Golden Corral, but for $90 for dinner for two, we got salad, three oysters each, and I got a couple ounces of pork belly and some sweet potatoes. The food is phenomenal, but with the bottle of wine and a tip it was $150, so I would have liked just a bit more from the main course.We will be back, we live a few miles away near the Whitewater Center. I'm hoping for good things for the restaurant, hopefully when I come back I'll get a little larger portion and I can up my review to five stars!
5	Amazing meal crafted from NC ingredients. Chef lists The French Laundry on his resume and I believe it. Comfortable dining room with attentive service but the food is the thing. Location is out of the way but this is a destination restaurant so you'll have to deal with that. Don't miss this one.
5	Had a great experience! The Chef brought out one of the courses personally and chatted for a bit. Lovely space. Very intimate and organic. Love the family pictures at the bar. Food was very good. Bread done in house with table side herb butter serve. Can't wait to come back. BTW.... don't forget dessert!
3	50.00 for lunch never go there againBesides their tea is terrible and the menus items don't have what you order/  This neighborhood is not down town, we have Firemen, Policemen, and peol=ple who can.t afford it.
5	They don't have ice tea only tea leaves that get pressed for  4.50 no refills and the flavor is not pleasant even though they claim that it Is the best around .
5	We are so lucky to now have a restaurant of such high quality in this part of Charlotte. Everything tasted great. I even enjoyed turnips! The interior is stunning, the wait staff are all knowledgeable, and the twist on southern food is delightful. All the food is local, even the beer and wine. We will be back.
5	A very unique experience in farm to table type dinning. Ask for a tour of the restaurant from your server. The servers are well educated to the local wines, local liquors, local decor and local food.The building has been completely renovated to include a roof brought in from a barn to give the exterior a rustic look, the full bar is decorated with an extinct piece of cedar wood combined with pictures and memories from 7 generations of family in the chefs family. Some of the pictures in the building are of the farmers who personally pick some of the items for the Chef.The menu is printed daily, I looked at a previous days menu to get an idea of the variety of selection and I cannot wait to come back and try it again.My girlfriend is a vegetarian and the chef was happy to accommodate her. The appetizer cheese biscuits they brought out were incredible! They prepare a fresh herb dip at the table for you to enjoy with the biscuits. The herbs were extremely flavorfulWe each had the summer salads which were a great hot house tomatoes, house made mozzarella, and corn shoots with two types of oil. I myself had the line caught drum. It was a generous portioned serving of the most perfectly cooked fish I have ever had. I am not a normal fan of Drum but it was delicious. My girlfriend had a clover oyster mushroom steak with wild onions and Charleston rice. Served on a slate, the slate was a nice touch.We were offered from amazing desert options but opted to not have desert last night.
5	I have enjoyed several meals at Heirloom and waited until now to review.  The food is exquisite and the service is attentive.  The bar, constructed of old windows, vintage photographs and artifacts, begs to tell stories, whether you know them or make up your own.  With the best of fresh-from-the-farm ingredients, prepared by a chef who is inventive and talented, Heirloom is a culinary experience unlike any other in Charlotte.  Or maybe in NC.  Focusing on what is best about the state's harvests, I really felt like I was eating NC "state on a plate" with red drum (didn't know that was a state fish), beef heart (wouldn't have been my first choice, but delicious and glad I tried it) and oysters that made me so happy I almost cried.  The dessert, a corn cake with local honey and corn shoots that were equally sugar-sweet, was phenomenal.  Heirloom is a welcome addition to Charlotte's food scene and I hope it is a sign of good things to come.I'll be back . . .
5	Had a positively wonderful dining experience at Heirloom!   First, for a restaurant only open a month, they really have their act together with everything from drinks to dessert! The service was fabulous, not overbearing, but very attentive. The restaurant, itself, has a warm cozy aura, and nice soft lighting for a romantic dinner.  Because there is carpeting, and the space is large, it is not deafening like most restaurants these days.  Now to the food.  It was really wonderfully prepared and very fresh. Farm to table with eveyrthing from North Carolina, including the sweet potato vodka Martini!We had the tasting menu.  My favorite dish was the sunchoke soup, with a parmesian crouton in the center.  There was a little kick to it which was nice, but not too spicy.  I loved the fried beets, and I don't even like beets, so that was a first.  The proportions were a bit large for us, as there were so many, but they were great about letting us box things up.  The dessert was attractively placed on slate, and was really yummy.  A mixture of different flavors and shapes.Overall, presentation was wonderful, you could tell everything was fresh and flavorful.  I look forward to dining at Heirloom on my next visit!
5	Amazing food and service.  Very high quality and presentation.  All the ingredients are locally sourced.  We chose the tasting seven course at $65.00.  Most other entrees run $25-$30,The NC black drum and crispy pork belly where my favs.  All courses were sided with awesome sauces and greens.  Dessert was very good and they make bread on site. Inside, very comfortable and inviting.  Crowd was young and middle aged professionals. All wines, liquor, and beers are from NC.  So I like Goose and Italian wines.  I was quite surprised at how good Shelton vineyards cab was not to mention the local vodkas.  They even have a couple of NC moonshines.Not easy to find, but not as far out as you might think. Actually, only about 7 miles from downtown. Yeah, I'll be back.
5	What a wonderful surprise Heirloom was last night. We enjoyed our Friday night by trying a new restaurant tucked away in the Coulwood area of Charlotte. From the moment we walked in the door we were impressed. Our waiter was attentive (not obnoxious) and extremely knowledgeable about the menu and knew where each food came from in NC. We told him we liked to grow our own vegetables and appreciated the high quality/locally sourced menu.  The chef came over as we were finishing our meal, a impressive young man with a love for quality food, locally grown.The bread was homemade on site. It paired perfectly with the fresh herbs and olive oil offered to us.Our appetizer was asparagus wrapped in local bacon (not smoked - a treat) with a perfect hollandaise sauce. ($8)I had the homemade sausages (italian, chorizo and lamb) with turnip roots and a wonderful greens salad with an absolutely divine dressing. ($26)My husband had the filet, cooked medium rare with asparagus and sweet potato fries.  His comment:  "The best steak I have EVER had."  He allowed me a few bites and I agree. ($30)For dessert we chose the strawberry souffle set atop a lovely lemon cake with a side of strawberry "caviar" underneath a strawberry ice. ($9)The ambiance was lovely, inviting and quaint. The wait staff was attentive. The food was spectacular, presentation was spectacular. The wine was excellent.We will be back and we will bring friends.
5	For a newly-minted addition to the restaurant scene in Charlotte, Heirloom more than holds its own.  Don't be fooled by the modest exterior of the place; inside you'll find thoroughly sophisticated, creatively chosen, top-of-the-line food.  I've eaten in countless highly regarded restaurants in the world,and I've never enjoyed food more than I did at Heirloom's brunch today.  The chef clearly knows the business of food, not only in what he chooses to serve, but especially in the care he takes in highlighting quality ingredients.  The asparagus was perfect--repeat, perfect.  The desserts (I tasted two) were absolutely superb.  Service was warm, knowledgeable, and unobtrusive.  The price was almost embarrassingly reasonable.The staff is young and eager to please.  I wish them well and hope to find them thriving on my next visit to Charlotte.  Don't let this one pass you by, folks!
5	Wow, this place is a diamond in the rough!! Literally the best farm to table restaurant I have ever been to. Not only is all the food from NC but the beer, wine and liquor are as well. I really enjoyed Heirloom it's great the location is worth the venture out to visit. This place is so much about NC I could hear Eric Church playing in the kitchen.
5	What occupied this property in past lives was a failed mexican restaurant and a failed diner. Heirloom completely blows away the old tenants fare and, well, other restaurants in the area with their eclectic menu items, farm decor (which major parts of the decor were taken straight from their barn), and quality service.We've had dinner or brunch on four occasions already and we'll be back for more.Reconstructed Eggs Benedict w Pork Belly is a fave. As well as, the Fried Chicken and Waffle; also the cheese platter. Next time, I'm pretty sure that we'll get the tasting menu.I'm glad that "we" finally have something in the area that serves farm to fork in a nice atmosphere and friendly service. It's been a long time comin'
3	On hold!!
5	Charlotte, nc should be so lucky that we have a restaurant like this in our city. The high quality and ingenous menu is  only seen in the likes of nyc, napa valley, or paris. Chef Cark's enthusiasm for ingredients only  sourced from north carolina makes this place very special. I recommend the tasting menu...but anything is excellent.  Service is outstanding.
5	Wish I had found out about this wonderful restaurant sooner! The food rivals a five star restaurant and the service is far superior than most, who have either let standards slip or didn't have to begin with. The personal touches make it such a special experience coupled with superb dishes, make it an evening to remember. Can't wait to go back and try more!
4	Went to Heirloom tonight for Restaurant Week and oh my god the food. Ever seen When Harry Met Sally? I almost had a Meg Ryan moment for real at the table. I started off with the tomato salad which was fresh and delicious and my boyfriend had the best chicken and dumplings I've ever tasted. Next course was pork belly with sauce that I literally had to stop myself from licking off the plate. We asked for bread and were both scrubbing our plates with it. Then came entrees. I had the filet which was cooked to a perfect medium with mashed potatoes that I could eat probably every day. And more sauce, and our waitress brought me lots more sauce. He had the daily catch, which when we got there was red drum and the flavors on the plate blended beautifully. And then the chocolate cremuex cake. Oh the chocolate cake. I told the waitress it was like angels descended down and gave us that cake, I literally held the last bite in my mouth for at least 30 seconds to finish savoring the flavor (see the Meg Ryan comment above). Now, the reason for the lack of star. When we were first seated we were seated in a back room that was COLD. I am NOT one to ask to be moved, but it was so cold I knew I wouldn't be able to enjoy my meal. We were moved to the main room and waited around for at least 5 minutes before someone even acknowledged us. The hostess ended up picking up our table and mentioned to us that they only had 2 servers on this evening. She was AMAZING (seriously, promote her to waitress, she deserves it) but my boyfriend and I both felt that only 2 servers for restaurant week was seriously understaffing (we both have service industry backgrounds). The server I'm assuming we were supposed to have was running around like a chicken with his head cut off, no seriously, he was running. I feel like you should never show the customers how flustered you are, that's what the kitchen is for. Thank God for the hostess and the male server's assistant. They were both on top of their game for sure. I was also a little off put by the fact that when our bill came the bottle of wine we ordered showed up as $54 and on the menu it was listed as $43. I love the fact that they only use NC libations but not so thrilled that I am willing to pay an extra $11 for something. They did fix it with no issues, so I was grateful for that. All in all, we will be back. Hopefully by then the hostess is promoted to waitress and we can get in her section because she saved the experience of the night, the food was already phenomenal, but when you go out it's about the experience too.
5	Previous post amended - we want the restaurant to succeed.  For those of you who read my previous post, Clark the owner and chef followed up immediately with his apologies.  We are sorry things worked out the way they did but we like to support restaurants such as this and want him succeed.  The world is changing and more people are becoming educated about the poor quality of the food we have been given.  People are shopping more and more at farmer's markets and seeking farm to table restaurants.  In order to keep organic healthily food on our tables we have to support these people or else we have not only failed them but we have failed ourselves.  Support Heirloom and support your local farmers.  Get into the movement.
1	Horrible dinner here last Friday night.   Front of House and Kitchen totally imploded.   After being seated for a 45 minutes, we had to get up and go find our waitress to order.   Were finally brought bread at the hour mark, but portion was so small, one friend called it the communion course.   Ironically the hostess did fresh herbs and olive oil table side in an 8 inch bowl, which made the bread seem smaller.  We thought perhaps more bread would be brought to be commensurate with the oil, but alas no.   First Course was an heirloom salad, this was done well  but should have been cold.   Opt. 2 was chicken and dumplings.  There was no dumplings to be found, tasted more like chicken pot pie without crust and was bland!   2nd Course - Pork Belly was probably the best thing all night.   3rd Course - overcooked fish and chewy steak.  4th Course was other highlight. Dessert nice blueberry shortcake.     7:30 reservation - didn't finish til 11:00.   The waitstaff refused to come over, wasn't coordinated, and couldn't get a refill to save our lives.   The kitchen couldn't keep up with a full house.  It seemed like they were cooking one table at a time.   Yes - restaurant week amps up exposure and business, but if the restaurant can't handle it - it drives customers away.   Slow service, small portions, okay food.     Train your waitstaff and trade the 3 of them hiding at the bar all night for a solid sous chef.
5	A wonderful experience dining out during restaurant week. We had the opportunity of trying a four course select menu. 98% of the produce and livestock is locally sourced by North Carolina farmers which makes the taste exceptionally clean and flavorful. The Service only added to the exceptional experience having fresh picked herbs prepared at your table.  Charlottes hidden gem a must try for food connoisseurs wanting to taste North Carolina. We will be back. They also offer cooking classes and other 5 course selections to fancy any appetite.
4	Heirloom Restaurant was almost an outstanding culinary experience!This restaurant is NOT CURRENTLY ADA accessible.And therefore we cannot recommend it.Here is what we discovered:Avett Brothers music being played- keepin' it local.Decorated with the owner's home estate decor- as in the barn!Chicken and Dumplings so delicious!!Homemade Sausage was good -The Pork Belly... Fantastic!Elaine ordered the fish, and it was the star entree!!I had the Angus filet. It was good.  Probably a bit tough for some filet connoisseurs.   I liked it!For dessert Elaine enjoyed the Blueberry Shortcake. Almost as good as her own homemade shortcake.I had the Chocolate Cake. And it was divine!North Carolina sourced ingredients, wine and liquor (except tequila and Scotch).Regarding accessibility, my good friend Elaine, uses a wheelchair at all times.The bathroom stalls (I checked the men's room. Same deal.) are not wide enough, nor deep enough to accommodate a person using a wheelchair, to get all the way in the stall and close the stall door. Also, to use the toilet, it takes a 180 degree transfer. Something many disabled wheelchair users just can't do. And once transferred, the wheelchair would be in the way to close the door. No privacy, with the stall door wide open.  Just not accessible!  The alcove to get to the restrooms seems large enough that the wall could be moved put, to modify the stalls to meet ADA guidelines.
4	When we pulled up we were a little nervous about what we were getting into. Then as soon as we walked it my eyes lit up. The atmosphere is very rustic/ French Country & very inviting. All the food comes from North Carolina which is a wonderful idea! The food was delicious & had great flavor. We will definitely be back to try dinner next time!!
4	This out of the way chef-owned gem is well worth the trip. Every course was original and unusually delicious. We were there with friends for Queens Feast and will definitely return.
5	We had a fabulous dining experience. The food was incredible. As my husband put it "a symphony in your mouth." I am so thankful to finally have such a wonderful place just around the corner from the Mountain Island Lake area. Will definitely dine here again.
2	Ok. Where to start.  We decided to take 5 friends out for restaurant week and Heirloom was the chosen destination.  None of us had ever eaten there before. The deco is western mixed with southern hippy.  A waitress rolls a small wooden cart around with herbs picked from their parking lot, yeh you heard me right (parking lot herb garden).  I actually saw the sad arrangement as we were walking in and a friend spit his gum in it thinking it was a bunch of dead old flowers.  Needless to say, we didn't partake of their herb-EVOO mixture. She then told us that when they run low, they have employees who bring herbs from their home gardens.  Ummm, okay.  That's not weird, and potentially gross.  How do I know a dog hasn't urinated on my soon-to-be herb mix?!   Then the waiter comes over to tell us all the minutia about the food that we may or may eat...... We order.  The food took a LONG time to come out.  It was just okay.  Nothing I'd ever have again, on purpose.  The dessert was French press coffee for me. The waiter tells me all about the mountain company in NODA they purchase the beans from "we pay 10% more to them on purpose" as if that would make me enjoy the coffee more.  When he brought it over, he pressed so hard on the ancient French press that he spilled it all over the table (which may I add is covered in white paper from a roll as if we were going to color on the table).  Each time the waiter came to our table, he would run his hand across the nearest person's back and shoulders very in appropriately.  I didn't come for a massage, I came for food.  After the coffee experience, he then tells our table about a new restaurant HE is part owner of called "Little Spoon," which if I was the owner of Heirloom, I would fire him on the spot for trying to steal business.  Anyway, it was nothing short of a circus that was more of a show than a restaurant. Lesson learned!  Sushi next time!!
5	We actually sat down and enjoyed the chief's "Tasting Menu" and it was absolutely fabulous.  Our friend's had the chicken and steak which they also loved.  We recommend that when you come to eat at this fabulous gem of a restaurant please plan to sit down and enjoy every bite.  This is not a rush in rush out type of place.  Every bite is accounted for and has thought and intention behind each plate to ultimately excite your palette.  We loved this farm to table place and will be going back.
5	I am going to give Heirloom 5 stars event though I seriously want to dock it one star simply for being out in the boonies! I had no idea what to expect when the four of us showed up to Heirloom for dinner. I knew that Chef Barlowe does a kick ass job of sourcing local food and I knew the quality would be stellar but I was totally caught off guard by a 12 course tasting menu. Whoa, Nelly. 12 courses?! We started with cocktails and I was excited to be able to get a local kombucha since I was not drinking. My friends all had a great assortment of cocktails and local wine throughout the evening - 12 courses gives you plenty of time to drink. The waitress explained that we could do any combination of courses so two of us opted for 7 courses and our husbands went with 10. After perusing the menu, I was excited to see that all but 2 courses and the desserts were gluten-free. I easily ordered 7 gluten-free courses and patiently awaited their arrival. The courses were presented one at a time, whenever the table seemed to have a match - all of us ordering the same thing - the waitress brought out the same meal. The courses were very well sized and the waitress was very knowledgeable about which courses were more substantial than others. After 7 courses, I was definitely full, and I didn't even order a dessert course. However, not to feel left out of dessert, at the end of the meal, while my table-mates were enjoying their delicious looking treats, I was presented with two ginormous pieces of flourless chocolate cake. Amazing! And so thoughtful. I was told the pastry chef did not want me to feel left out. Our entire experience from start to finish was enjoyable and we cannot wait to go back. If you are looking for a restaurant experience that is completely different from anything out there right now, give Heirloom a try!
5	My wife and I pulled over the side of the road a few weeks ago trying to think of a place for dinner.   We found Heirloom on Yelp!!! OMG...This is unique. The food is small tapas style plates in ala cart by the course.   We went with a 9 course and ate plenty for two people.   We shared.   The staff...exceptional, fun and really had passion for the restaurant.   We are going back......with Groupons too.......
5	You cannot ask for a better place to eat prepared food. Clark has a true understanding of food and does a fantastic job proving that all you need is locally (state) grown. We went for an artisan dinner and most definitely will be back. The artisan dinners are more social with the local purveyors talking briefly about their contributions. The staff is more than accommodating and the entire experience is well worth the trip and price. It is something you must experience.
3	Ok, I had to wait and think on this place a bit before I reviewed it. Loved the food and the concept but the price was a bit .....yes..its up there....high.The courses and food was great. I enjoyed most of the courses. We shared the 12 course between the two of us. Love the start with the fresh herbs with the butter but it should have been mixed in . Maybe ask if the clients lie salted since you are mixing it fresh...just a thought.Some of the courses were hard to split. Would say the soup was the hardest. The whole on NC was fun just its just a little hard on some things since we don't grow olive trees in NC. But I will say we use local when we can. Love that you carry local wines like Raffaldini.But my whole problem is the cost . If you charged a bit less the place would be mobbed. The music did not reflect the price of the meal. I would have though instrumental would have been appropriate. We were also seated in the corner so we could not see anything and the place was empty. I would have liked to book my family for Christmas eve but they are closed. Then the thing is they are in the middle of nowhere and charge like 300.00 for dinner. so I liked it but with those prices will not be back for a really long time. I loved the staff and liked the concept I think they just need to lower the cost a bit to draw a crowd. Would I return, sure, if I was not paying the bill or if it was a super special occasion. I had a groupon but it was a drop in the bucket compared to the bill. A dinner for 2 is going to be over 200.00 without even thinking. But again, the food was really good
4	Always good to know what you're getting into...this is a fine dining experience in every way. The menu is eclectic and locally sourced. You can select 3 courses for $35 and it goes up from there. The courses are small. Be advised. This is not typical Texas portion American dining. Our server said it was bigger than tapas, but I would argue. The cheese course was 2 slices of cheese. (Served with a great apple butter) the beef tongue salad was 5-6 pieces of tongue with 3 pieces of green. The oysters were great, but 3. The chocolate cake was less than an oreo.I consider myself a foodie and LOVED everything I put in my mouth, I just think you should be prepared for high prices and small servings. Also, this service is pretty relaxed, so don't be in a rush. Great that the chef came out to present the dishes. Save this for special occasions.As a suggestion,  I would love to have a list of the farms they work with as well as more information about supporting them.
5	This is a top restaurant hiding in a strip mall.We enjoyed everything here- did the 5 course tasting that was very impressive. Our waiter was well versed in food and some of the staff was new and not well versed in good.We enjoyed some excellent food tonight.
