4	This includes a tour of the preserved buildings underneath the Royal Exchange.  The Royal Exchange was built using the old street as a foundation and the tour gives a great description of what life was like in early Edinburgh.Good for kids...  except if they're under 5 in which case they're not welcome since apparently there's lead paint.We were afraid the guides (costume and all) would be overly corny but ours turned out to be pretty funny.  Not sure the whisky on his breath was part of the costume but it must've helped.  He kept it pretty light hearted and didn't take himself too seriously.Obviously visiting the castle is the number 1 thing to do in Edinburgh but this should be on your shortlist of secondary activities.
4	This is a good tour for anyone who likes history as well as anyone who is a paranormal buff (like myself). I was concerned that the tour would be "cheesy" with period dress and reenactments did have those elements but it was kept to a minimum. It is amazing to see how people lived during this period and how life was during the plague. The tour ends with a stuffed animal memorial to a little girl believed to have been walled up so she would not pass the plague onto the rest of her family, Those on the tour are allowed to leaved dolls for her or pounds that go to a children's charity.
5	Edinburgh's most haunted street? Covered when the new City Council was being built on the Royal Mile, Mary King's Close tour offers a unique experience to time travel through to Edinburgh's dark past. Don't let the darkness deceive you! Just because of plagues and lack of hygiene does not mean people were miserable! The tour claims, and delivers a historic aspect of life in Edinburgh's closes from the very poor to the very wealthy levels of society. Ghost stories are plenty for such a dark place but so are stories of normal people , living and working in everyday Edinburgh. During the Ghost fest.... this becomes a centre of attention for psychics and ghost watchers alike, but twice I have been down their I have seen no activity (sadly). My first time was brilliant, the tour guide was amazing. The second was good, but I think my first guide was a lot better. The guides are in costumes of the time , and despite this cheesy choice they deliver well. For 10 pounds you are taken for a 1hour tour and it is well worth it. You can(and is advised) to pre book your desired tour slot. As their pun claims: the only street in Scotland where it never rains!
5	Mary King's Close is one of those places that every tourist visiting Edinburgh should make an effort to see. It really has to be seen to be believed: a street underneath the city, which still remains intact and has been left pretty much as it would have been a few hundred years ago.I first came here when I was about 8, long before it was turned into a commercial tourist attraction. You used to have to ask the council permission to be taken down and shown around. As I remember, you were led into an office and through an innocuous looking door, which opened onto a staircase leading down to the Close. The entrance may have changed, but the Close is much the same albeit with a few additions like mannequins to illustrate some of the stories that the guide will tell you.Although it is not fundamentally a ghost tour, the guide will tell you a few scary tales as you are shown around. In my opinion, the atmosphere and setting make it far scarier than any of the more contrived tours operating from stances on the Royal Mile. It definitely deserves its status as a five star tourist attraction.
5	I was lucky enough to be taken here on a uni trip for the bargain price of a fiver. Great price and worth every penny, and more. I think what I like so much about Mary Kings Close is how much it amazes me. I am amazed that underneath the Royal Mile this exists and has been preserved for hundreds of years. It kinda scared the crap out of me to begin with because I am scared of anything, but there was something quite eerie about these abandoned streets and the tour guides stories only helped scare me even more. But to a normal person it isn't that scary, it is very interesting and just quite remarkable. The tour guide gives a good account of the history and will answer any questions. It does get quite busy here especially during the summer months, I think you can book a time which is probably recommended. If there is a lot of people in your group I could imagine it would get very cramped.
4	Underneath Edinburghs Royal Mile, such a major tourist attraction, lies one of Edinburghs most horrible pieces of history, preserved through history as a testament to some of the horrors of the past.Although now available to the general public, for years after its re-descovery, permision to visit had to be granted by the council. Not anymore, thankfully - and on a terribly cold, windy and rainy night we set off into the underground. The vaults themselves are hugely creepy - they are dark, clausrophobic and generally very very scary. An entire street, still intact, hidden away underneath the city. However, with the tour guides the visit becomes so much more than a creepy walk down a street - the tour is often funny, educational and the tour guides bring thier own brand of horor to the show as well, making this place even scarier.A real must for tourists and locals alike you are looking for a fright.
4	I got the chance to take a look round Mary King's Close for the first time as part of a special evening tour event, where we went round parts of the close with a TV psychic, as well as listening to the imperceptible, and possibly ghostly sounds of the close, through really advanced electronic voice phenomenon recording equipment. I don't really have a passionate opinion on the world of spirits and ghosts and whether they exist, but I do find all the evidence on it pretty fascinating, plus I do love a good ghost story, which has to be told in pitch darkness of course.The close, formerly a bustling street back in the day, is now a historical attraction, where guides who are costumed for the part, tell visitors about Scotland's past. Standing in the underground depths of the close, with barely any light, is undoubtedly quite an eerie, "I can feel someone walking over my grave" shivery experience, and lots of people have reported seeing fleeting, ghost like shadows here, or the feeling of someone tapping them, plus other tales of supernatural happenings. Whether dedicated ghost hunter or skeptical disbeliever, it's worth coming along here to experience the atmosphere of the close, and to imagine Edinburgh in another time.
5	I had wanted to visit Mark King's Close for a very long time before actually going just last month. The idea of walking in old underground streets just thrills me and I just love the musky smell, call me weird. I always imagine all the ghosts walking around under the streets of Edinburgh just going about their business and such.Mary King's Close takes you underground to none other than Mary King's Close where you can see the streets and remnants of the old buildings where people suffered from the plague and cholera. And where "Gardi loo" (move out the way I'm about to throw a whole tenement's worth of crap on you) was just your average morning greeting. Nice.On the tour we were taken into a room that was filled to the brim with cuddly toys and the tour guide said that there was a little girl ghost who lived there and apparently cried all the time because she couldn't find her doll and since then people on the tour have brought her teddies, toys, barbies and all manner of toys and she's never been seen since. The tour guide said if we had any cuddlys then we should leave something for her or a donation that goes to a children's hospital. I panicked as my cuddly toy microbe was in my pocket and I take him everywhere with me, I think he was just as scared as I was at the thought of being left in a musky old underground vault and I'm sure I felt a tug at my leg... I did leave some money though.I won't spoil to tour anymore but it is fantastic and we had the tour guide Hamish who was very funny and informative too and made the tour very enjoyable. Definitely worth a visit!
4	You can't bash historical accuracy. The tour guide for Mary King's Close was brilliant and her performance was well executed. It was hard for me to really grasp and understand what parts were enclosed to begin with, and what parts were enclosed as part of reconstruction as now everything is built over. But after being down underneath the streets of Edinburgh, it was easier to understand how they built over these sloping streets and buildings. What really got me was the barn, or slaughter room where it still smells like live animals and even appears to be muck on the walls. The 17 century house towards the end of the tour had horse hair and human ashes from cremated remains used as insulation for their walls.  Even a complete three storey Victorian house is underground! A great tour with interesting background and history.
5	I've really got to hand it to our tour guide on Mary King's Close. His enthusiasm, historical knowledge and showmanship was a joy to behold. His refreshing honesty about what actually happened here also inadvertently removed much of the inherent spookiness of the underground street, but you've got to admire a guy who will tell it like it is.All over Edinburgh, you will find "factual" books on Mary King's Close. They tell of a place where an underground community were forced to live, isolated, poor, and shut off from society. You've got a script for a semi-decent horror film right there.. Our erstwhile guide however, was more than happy to shatter the illusion with wit and honesty. As soon as Mary King's Close was built over, everyone was moved out. No-one ever lived underground there. Great as it was to hear the truth, I'm sure you'll understand that this went a long way to removing the signature creepiness and oppressive atmosphere I'd expected of the tour.Still fascinating though, with my personal favourite part being the unbelievably well preserved house, still with wallpaper. The emphasis on facts made it a bit less creepy than a ghost walk through the vaults, but still a stellar tour nonetheless.
5	When you're a tourist in Edinburgh, you've got to do touristy things. Too bad when I was there, it was dreary and rainy and cold, so I never went to Arthur's Seat. Instead, I did rainy weather activities, like go to museums, stay in bed until mid-afternoon, and have girl talk with one of my favourite people at her flat. And get introduced to "The Only Way is Essex", but that's another story.But, I did go to the Real Mary King's Close because it wasn't too wet that day, and my friends and I always like a good scare. It took a while to find it - we went at night, and it was hard to find the sign for the close - but this tour was definitely worth it. Our tour guide was Mary King's daughter, Jonet Nimmo, and she was amazing.Being underground in the "Old Edinburgh" was so amazing - I never knew there was basically a city under the city. I learned so much about the history of the city, and getting scared half to death while learning was the fun part. It was a bit claustrophobic at times, but seeing the perfectly preserved underground was just breathtaking - everybody has got to go on this tour, whether they're tourists or locals. Only bad part - you can't take photos during the tour - I would've loved to show my friends back home what I saw on the tour.
5	The Tour was given by the Merchant, Stephen Boyd, a nice chap with full knowledge of the ongoings in the Close.  The Real Mary King's Close is a warren of underground streets and spaces which were at the heart of Edinburgh's busiest and most vibrant streets, open to the skies and bustling with traders selling their wares to the Old Town's residents. The tour is full of hidden stories and definitely well worth a visit!STUDENT RATES!!!
4	This is a wonderful experience. You get to see the real city of Edinburgh, which is underneath the current city of Edinburgh. It's not often you get to see an underground city.I had the impression that there were many competing tours for the underground city. I don't know how this one compares to the rest.
3	Worth a look if you are in the area. It is weird to think that all this lies below the huge solid buildings that are at street level. The guide did his job well and was very entertaining. Didn't see anything of the paranormal variety but perhaps the ghosts feel the same way I do about American tourists.
4	Fun, but a little childish.I tend to like tours that take themselves a little more seriously.  This is silly with a dose of realism.  So it took me a bit to adjust my expectations, but it was fun.Just being in the spaces below "ground" was fun, everything else is gravy.
2	A cute tour, but a bit too much on the schlock and and pretend and a little light on real history. It was very cool seeing the streets and houses that used to be above ground, but I wished for more time (and more light!) to see things and more explanation about the history and how they figure things out.
5	A suicidally depressed tour-guide (possibly part of the character) and the black plague. What more could a girl want? So romantic.This tour was a really, really, entertaining one, and I'm picky, having been on loads of them. It might've helped that the tour-guide was very, very depressed, and this was absolutely hysterical, whether or not it was part of his character. Or it may have been the dry jokes and the rebukes towards the audience.Either way, I would absolutely recommend this to anyone, whether you're a tourist or not, this is worth your while!
4	Make a reservation (a little on the pricey side). Come back later. 20 or so people too many to crowd into a few of the rooms and there is a need to be able to sit a little more (very hilly, a little musty, can be a hard walk for some). The history and reasoning behind why these Closes are there is interesting. Our guide did a good job, knowing that he has to do this many many times in the course of his job. Led to a good understanding.He gave us a choice about the picture that they sell (only 1 couple choose to go for the picture), which was nice.The final steep uphill to the exit (complete with steps back to the street level, was grueling (at least for me).Made sure to have a coat (didn't need it in the tour).Worth it if you want a historic picture of what Edinburgh was like and how the people in poverty or the few craftspeople who lived in the type of housing managed.If you've done any "underground" tours (Seattle Underground, Portland (Or) underground to name 2), this is much like that - informative and interesting, just a LOT more steeply hilly on very uneven surfaces.But, I'd do it again.
3	The tour itself was fun, the guide in full period costume did well and entertained us whilst taking us through a variety of fairly normal old rooms for 40 minutes, but then we only got 5 minutes or less in Mary King's Close itself, we saw very little, we weren't allowed to take photos (we were told because we were under a government building and the government gets angry about such things....) but then we had to pose for their infra-red photo that they tried to sell us afterwards. Although the tour could have spent more time in Mary King's Close and I felt the photography thing was a bit silly, the guide tried really hard, was entertaining and we did learn something about Edinburgh's history.
4	Campy, corny, and lots of fun.  Our guide, dressed in full period garb, dramatically led us under the streets of Edinburgh for this hammed-up tour of Mary King's Close.  Surprisingly, I learned more about the history of Edinburgh from this tour than anywhere else in Edinburgh.  But enough about facts, this tour was created to entertain.  With sound effects, life-size recreations and eerie lighting, our guide led us through the closed-off city street.   We only spent about five minutes in the actual close, and they have the ball$ to make you stand for a photo while down there, which really took away from the experience.That being said, it was entertaining as hell, and I would go back the next time I'm in town.  Be sure to check out the gift shop, as they actually had some interesting gifts.
5	Really enjoyed this tour. They don't need to make it scary, because it's already really creepy. A former underground city that no longer sees the light of day. Our tour guide had quite a knack for puns, so that made the tour all the more enjoyable (at least for me, I love a good pun!). I managed to leave our tour guide with a great pun he hadn't yet thought of, and was rather satisfied. Bottom line: I really hate haunted houses that are manufactured to make people scared. I much prefer historic places that are already creepy, and this place definitely fit the bill. I recommend it if you're looking for an alternative tour in Edinburgh.
1	This tour was overpriced, cheesy, and very boring. I'm not sure if it was just because we went in early December, so the tour was Christmas-themed (one example: they had an entire room set up to describe how Christmas cards originated...yawn), or if was because winter is their off-season so they had the new/bad tour guides going. Our tour guide was out of breath the whole time and did not engage the audience at all, she just recited from memory her little script. They had one or two "characters" along the way that were equally as bad, and I recognized them all from when they were hanging out in the gift-shop ahead of time chatting with eachother. It really cheapened the experience to see them dressed in costume but interacting out-of-character. The actual close was a short stretch of alleyway that had been built over and enclosed so as to be "underground". It was only about 100 yards long, and we didn't even get to walk down the whole thing. She brought us into some cold empty stone rooms and blabbed on about the history of Christmas in Edinburgh. The only cool room was one about the Black Plague. She only mentioned one ghost the whole time, so there was no creepy factor whatsoever. I actually almost fell asleep at one point when they let us sit on benches for a short presentation from one of the other actors. In that same room I could see a lot of fancy audio/video equipment, so I got excited thinking they'd show us a short film or something, but it was never used.Afterwards, I couldn't believe that I had paid more to do this stupid little tour than I did to spend hours and hours exploring Edinburgh Castle. I wish I could have that money and time back.
1	Very disappointing! We had really been  looking forward to this tour. But it is Just a few dark empty rooms. The guide told a few stories but the only interesting room was the one set up with plague victims. Could have set more rooms up to show more how people lived. The tape with the ghost story was dreadful not scary at all quite boring! Wouldn't recommend this tour to anyone. Expensive for what it is
4	I recommend this if in the city!  It was so creepy walking around in a city under the city.  The stories of what it was like living back then - let's just say I got a couple jumps out of it.
4	We really enjoyed our tour. I think for the most part it makes you realize how lucky we are and how bad it could be. We were there this past July during the UK's heat wave and there were so many people around but we walked in off the street for our tour. There was only my husband and I, and four other tourists and we didn't even think about pre-booking and only waited about 15 minutes. Our guide was pretty good except I can't remember his name and I liked that they're dressed in period clothes. Watching the screens with all the different characters was nice and the ghost stories were good if your into that. I really enjoyed how they have different scenes in some of the rooms and it really made an impact on me. It's definitely worth it and I enjoyed the gift shop!
3	Definitely interesting, but a little cheestastic at times.I had read great reviews about this tour so I made sure we took the tour on our first night in Edinburgh.  The guide was really funny and interesting.  The vaults themselves are super interesting.  However, they have a few little things such as wall videos, etc. and a weird ghost story projection that really just take away from the whole vibe.  It would be great if they used the actual pictures of people they were telling stories about instead of pictures of present day actors...kinda weird.The vaults are hot, too!  No fault of the tour, but just putting this in to warn others.  Be sure to layer so you can undress as you get further into the vaults.Overall, a little let down, but still a good tour.  I would probably suggest this to someone traveling to Edinburgh just for the historical factor.  My highlight...getting to see the first ever actual toilet in Edinburgh.  I am slightly obsessed with bathrooms so that was pretty awesome.
3	Just make sure you have time on your hands to get to see this tour. We arrived and it was booked for 3 hours. Luckily it was lunch time so we headed over the road and came back for our tour. The tour itself was fun, the guide in full period costume was the daughter of Old Mary who the close is named after. She really hammed it up and played the part very well while taking us one a tour round the close. Initially is was a bit disorientating what the close was with the rooms you went in first and I didn't fully understand the l;ayout until the end when you get to the street.Surprisingly, I learned a lot about the history of Edinburgh and it gives you a real feel for the people of the time. There are also sound effects, life-size recreations and eerie lighting, and jumpy bits. We only spent about five minutes in the actual close but it was very interesting although I was not bothered about getting a photo. That being said, it was very entertaining and I would go back next time we have visitors. The gift shop was also really good with some great souvenirs.
3	As a resident of Edinburgh, I thought it was about time I discovered some of the more out of the way parts of the city.Overall, I was slightly disappointed with what could have been a very interesting tour of Mary King's close.There's far too much emphasis on the amateur dramatics of having guides dressed in period costume and sound effects rather than historical facts and the wider use of the area (the fact that parts were used as an air-raid shelter during WWII was barely mentioned).Maybe having two different tours, a "spooky" and a "factual" with the relevant commentary might be a good compromise?Parts of the tour are VERY badly lit, particularly some of the doorways and areas with steps, the floor is also very uneven in places. I appreciate that the darkness adds to the atmosphere but our guide's statement that "your eyes will get accustomed to it" was negated by the relatively bright lighting in some areas/rooms. I had a small torch with me, to help my wife and I navigate some of the potential hazards, but was asked to turn it off. A couple of the other members of our group were walking with the aid of sticks and looked like they were having great difficulty in places (which our guide missed/ignored).It was disappointing to not be allowed to take photos during the tour...which seems a bit petty when they have bothered to set up scenes such as the plague doctor visiting patients and dressing rooms with artefacts...you do get to pose for an infrared photo, standing in Mary King's Close, at the end of the tour (with the option of buying an over-priced copy from the gift-shop).
4	Thank you Colin Jones for being awesome... Being our first time in Edinburgh, we decided that we have to take in the local sites and do the touristy thing. Since there was a big group of us, we had someone go buy the tickets early in the day to make sure we would get tickets. We heard about crazy lineups and did not want to miss this.  No pictures. I think those are the two saddest words to my husband. They don't allow photography unless they're taking your picture for money because the National Exchange is built above... Spoiler alert: which is the reason they closed the closes. As we wandered through, we were told about what life was like for the middle class... what happened during the plague... He brought us to what seemed to be a big apartment with many rooms. In one of the rooms, a Japanese Seer saw the ghost of a little girl who died during the plague. She left her a doll and since then, people have left a mountain of toys. Even a Westlife cd. My husband swears he felt a cold breeze on his back in the room. It was night, it was dank... it could have been anything.  We were shown one last apartment, but we weren't allowed inside in case we wanted to lick the walls or something. Our guide told us there was lead in the wallpaper and he couldn't trust us not to ingest it. Fair enough. All in all, I was glad we came here... got a bit of city history... GARDY LOO! Even the toilets yelled that when you go to flush them. Or I'm crazy and a ghost said it... or someone standing outside the window yelled it.
5	Called in before their last tour, and they still have tickets for us even though they were almost sold out.  Emily was out your guide, and she was great!  It brought out my inner nerd to see how people lived during those times.  Needless to say, I would've needed to be rich!  Only down side was no photos due to it being a government building.  Forewarning: if you have a heart condition, claustrophobia, or epilepsy, you may want to reconsider.
4	What a treat! I was so glad my friends, who've lived in Scotland for four years, had heard of Mary King's Close and suggested we go. Otherwise, I might never have known and missed it entirely. And for a history dork such as myself, I'd have been quite sad.We were wary of not getting in, so we called a day in advance to find out if we needed reservations. We were told we didn't (mid-week in February seems like a safe bet, anyway), so we caught a late morning train to Edinburgh and lollygagged along the Royal Mile until noon. We finally found our way to the place, just before the City Council Chambers but tucked away from plain sight in Warriston's Close.We were waitlisted for the 3 p.m. tour, so we first browsed the gift shop then took off for lunch in the interim. We were the first in line once we returned and got to watch a short informational video. I was chagrined to hear photos weren't allowed--though I have to admit I don't know if that's because it sits below a government building (what we were told, and seems plausible enough) or because they want us to shell out  3 pounds for the souvenir guide and 10 pounds for the photo at the end (of course we did both).We were warned before the tour began that we should rethink our participation if we were afraid of the dark or claustrophobic, and implored to inform our guide if we had any health conditions. This was not mentioned when we purchased our tickets, so be forewarned if any of these are a concern. Additionally, there is no way for mobility aids (canes, walkers, wheelchairs) to negotiate the stairways, rough surfaces, and/or tight spaces. If you use one, they cannot admit you. They also ask that you not bring children under the age of five. I would up that age limit if your child is easily frightened--though they don't have people jumping out at you on the regular tour, it is quite spooky all enough on its own.Our guide, Walter (his real name or not, I do not recall), was a good interpreter and clearly a fan of bad puns (though in a very entertaining way). Acting as a foul clenger, he was informative and did a great job of explaining life in the close. I usually feel awkward around in-character interpreters, but his portrayal was put in a clearly historical context and wasn't cloying or patronizing. From reading other reviews, it sounds as though he included more information about more recent uses of the close since the beginning of its destruction in the 1760s. However, I was a bit sad to pass by some rooms and passageways, as I'd been expecting to see everything. And as an archaeologist, I would have liked to see some artifacts/materials relating to the excavations and survey that were carried out in the early 2000s. I still commend them for a job well done, and I recommend it to anyone with a taste for history or the macabre.
4	After seeing the castle this is another great stop on touring the city, you understand the way things were in the olden days. This is a paid tour that requires at least an hour, as you head underground into the past. The story tellers are cool and play the part well. If you don't like being in confined spaces or dark settings then you may want to skip this tour. But if you are willing to brave the depths make sure you bring a small doll to appease the spirit of the child.
5	Oh my!  A one of a kind tour of the old underground city life.  See how people lived in Edinburgh during the plague.  The city was once surrounded by a large wall that limited outward expansion, and they were forced to build below ground to accommodate the population.  There is acting, historical information, period dress and other tidbits that make this tour more fun, however just the location itself is so unique that those other things are just a bonus.  Not for the faint of heart, claustrophobic, or other medical conditions.  You will find yourself many stories underground.  There is an excellent selection of books in the adjacent tour shop.
1	My mother and I went on this tour, looking forward to learning more about how residents lived during the time of the plague. We were pretty disappointed. They take you in to about five underground rooms that had been abandoned and built on top of as the city expanded. The tour guide was so hokey and I think he was the one enjoying the tour the most, getting to practice is over-acting. He kept stopping for overly long "dramatic pauses." There were seriously times that I wanted to be like, come on, get on with it. The underground rooms, which have been refurbished since the days where people actually lived here, have been decorated with cheesy, plastic people figures to show historical scences. It was pretty pathetic. Don't waste your money. If you're looking to learn about the haunted history and actually LEARN something about the city, go on the City of the Dead tour that meets outside of St. Giles Cathedral- it's ten times better than this nonsense.
5	Looking for a bit of history, cheery guides and an underground venture? Yes? Then this is a great place! Friendly for all ages and offers a variety of languages with audio guides.However, if you're looking for a scare this probably isn't the right place for you! Really interesting tour about the people and their way of life back in the good ole days. Definitely worth a visit :)
4	This review is of "Mary King's Close 'Dark Truths' tour"Only available during the Fringe Festival, this tour is more like a traveling play with the audience included as players. Several actors play a variety of parts in the different rooms and passages of this underground street, last inhabited during the 1700s. The tableaux presented are increasingly dark and disturbing, especially if true. This tour is not for children under 12! Although I thoroughly enjoyed the enacted stories, I wished we could see more of the actual close and learn more of its history. For that, we'd need to take the daytime tour which, sadly, we did not.
5	We entered this tour knowing nothing about the history of Mary King's Close or the underground alleys that still exist under Edinburgh. Our guide was Kara and she was absolutely wonderful. She was very informative with plenty of humour which made it really amusing and interesting. We learnt all about the lives of those that lived in the area in the 14th, 15th and 16th century and the trials and tribulations they faced. The tour looks a little cheesy from the outside but it is well worth doing and we really enjoyed it.
