4	For the Brits who don't know Costco (I'm presuming American readers have heard of it) Costco is a huge (as in ENORMOUS) department store selling groceries/electronics/clothing/electrical equipment etc in bulk. It's a fair way away from the Centre (you need the bus to Ikea to get here) and you need a membership card to get in and shop.So why do I like this place? Samples! And great ones too. It also sells liqueur in bulk which is great for parties. Their fresh produce section is rather disappointing, with fruit being a lot cheaper in your local Tescos. Meat is also expensive and comes in bulk but this is the place where local cafes can buy their stock of cakes and scones.My boyfriend and I got our year supply of porridge, cheese, hams and toothpaste from here amongst other things.
4	A cash and carry store that your average Joe is allowed into (albeit at a price) Costco is the kind of place where you can get literally anything under the sun, usually cheaper than you'd find in supermarkets.The downside is everything has to be bought in absolutely enormous quantities, and you have to either be self employed, a qualified professional, or a public sector worker in order to shop there, often making it more hassle than it's worth to get 40% off a 100 pack of Wotsits.Most people probably know someone who can get them in the door, and once you're there the bargains speak for themselves. The electronics section can be particularly lucrative, but it all depends if you can be bothered with the hassle.
5	Firstly, Best 1.50 Hot dogs with free coke refills EVER?!Second, I am sosososo lucky to have a Costco card. When I found out you had to have a certain profession to be apart of Costco, I was really frustrated. So.. I beat the system and got a card in Canada. Yes.. every card works at Costcos all over the world. Woop! Third, the samples are the bomb! Last time I went I got lindt chocolates, ice cream with peaches, curries.. chicken skewer... THE BOMB.The only down point is that I buy TOO MUCH and then I can't take it home without hurting myself.. or paying a hefty amount for a cab ride back into town. This place makes me wish I had a car.
