4	I've been eating here on and off for about 6 years and the sanwiches are always great. Even with new owners (which I think at this point they aren't that new anymore) the food quality has not changed. I've never gotten one bad sandwich from here. The service is always fast and friendly. The one drawback is the parking. They are in a tiny plaza with a few other businesses and the parking is very slim. Lunch time is very busy, probably best to call ahead and place a to go order. Not much else to say about this place. It's a small sandwich shop with great food and service.
4	These guys do it right. Great local place. Breakfast is awesome and the selection is great.
4	Finally had a chance to try this place after a year driving by it. Glad I did! had their Philly Cheese steak. Meat was a good quality sliced very thin. Great taste, people there were very polite. You just need to get their during the off peak hours. When they are busy it's very hard to find parking. But it's still worth it.
4	Great sandwiches. Service is excellent and they have a wide variety of sandwiches, hot and cold.Will revisit again in the near future.
2	this is a place by my work that I eat at from time to time (over the past 12 years), mainly cause it's convenient!  the food is decent, but not great.  the menu is really odd, instead of a build your own sandwich menu they have 60+ (yes, 60) pre-made ones, and the difference between some is only something simple like mayo... if you want a sub and are in the area, it's worth a stop, but i wouldn't go out of your way for it
1	Bread was stale today. I have eaten here before and it was muchbetter so I don't know if I just hit bad day or something else changed? Well i may give another shot in a month or so cause owner was very understanding. At the end of the day its not about nice ;but, it certanly does not hurt!
3	Working down in that industrial part of town leaves me limited options for lunch. This place can make a good sandwich. Their bread is almost always super fresh and delicious. They have a huge variety of sandwiches to choose from and fresh lemonade. I would caution everyone to stick with the deli meat sandwiches.They use a store bought patty for the dishes that call for chicken breast, such as a buffalo chicken sandwich, and it isn't very good.
1	ive given them several chances to keep me as a customer..no luck...im sure they are good if youre craving the basic of the basic,like a cold ham n cheese.but anything else is heated in a microwave,all the ingredients are canned or from a jar.its close to $9-$11 if you want chips and a drink.i will no longer be going there as the meats are bland and for $7.50 i can get a philly cheese steak from a better shop like Philidelphia Sandwich Co...i will include a pic of the sandwich i just ate.#26..i was grossed out by the mushrooms from a jar that the sandwich included.i picked them off and later picked off the mushy red bell peppers.
