5	Sometimes, I really wish I were a spa girl.  I would love to have the luxury of going to the spa for my bi-weekly massages, facials and manicures, and ever so important waxings.  Sadly, the budget of a school teacher does not allow for that kind of pampering so when I DO hit a day spa, I want it to be the most enjoyable experience imaginable.  That said, I have not sampled a large number of day spas (especially in Arizona) to compare, but Athena was amazing.  My ever-amazing boyfriend gave me a delicious valentines day package including a 30 minute facial with eye treatment and a 30 minute massage.  I figured that mid-April would be a wonderful time to use it.  Even before going into the salon for my services, I was already impressed with how professional and accommodating the girls were on the phone.  When I did get there, the ladies at the front desk were amazing and I loved the cute little shop they have in the front.  I was amazed with how clean and professional the salon looked and felt from the rubber sandals to the soft lush robes.  My massage was great and could have gone on for days.  I loved the facial and how much attention was put on my eye area.  Athena is amazing!   After today's experience I scheduled a hair appointment...lets see if they keep my 5 star rating!!Stay tuned...
5	Waxing w/ Courtney was great. Totally professional, very serene setting once out of store front area.... and good quality wax (trust me, you can tell when it's not!) .... will return consistantly in future.
4	My mom & I went to Athena for a nice ladies day out. Let me tell you...they didn't disappoint. I went in for a brow and lip wax and 60 minute massage and my mom went in for a 30 minute massage and cut & style. She doesn't get to go to a salon very often so it was a great treat for her. Her stylist was so incredible and helpful. He consulted with her to determine the style she loved and didn't just take it upon himself to do what he thought would look good on her. Our massages were very relaxing and quiet; no motor-mouth massage therapists here! At the end of the day, she walked away feeling great about herself and that what is what a salon is supposed to do for it's clients. The place was clean and appealing. The staff was courteous and accomodating. I would recommend to anyone!
2	I really REALLY wanted to like this place. I only went in to get my eyebrows waxed, but got a tour of the facilities and thought it looked lovely. The lady who did my brows was friendly and listened to what I wanted to do instead of plowing ahead without consult. The only downside was that later the same day, i looked in the mirror and realized that she had burned me! i have never had my eyebrows burned before, it is the most painful experience! everytime i moved my face it hurt so badly for about three days. I went to CVS and asked the pharmacist what i should put on it for the pain and redness/scab. He told me that it might leave a scar and recommended scar cream! I hope that I am not left with a scar from this place, on my face!!Could have been a one time thing, or it could have been the lady I had. Maybe other services are better. But i wont be going back to find out.
5	First visit to the salon and met with Oliver for a haircut. He did a great job, very professional. My search is over now !
4	Rule #1 of the Phoenix Metro area: Strip malls hide more secrets than your crazy ex. Mom was right, looks aren't everything. And a Safeway parking lot can house a day spa that is just as luxurious as places with much better digs. The woman that shared all of these gems of wisdom with me, my mother, took me to Athena for the first time. We went for pedicures; the service was so-so but I was blown away by the atmosphere. The salon area is a high-ceilinged room with Greek columns,  and a dome expertly painted with cherubs dancing around a sky scene. The nail area was behind the salon, and it featured several high-end massaging chairs and nice nail stations. The room also featured a large window that faced a fenced off area behind the spa with water falling across the window. The massage rooms are centered around an in the ground pebble-tech jacuzzi. This area is so beautiful and well designed; it is probably the crown jewel of an overall beautiful spa. The staff is very friendly and try to go above and beyond to create a relaxing environment. Since I have no problem kicking back, I had a fabulous time. My poor mother, who usually hates when strangers touch her, loved her pedicure and massage as well. Maybe you don't want to believe everything she says about your love interests, but take mom's advice on this one: Athena Day Spa is a great place to get pampered in the West Valley.
4	First time there. Everyone was VERY friendly.  Not the fake nice.. the actually really nice type of people.  Got a facial with Ana.  She was great, felt so GREAT! Everything was well explained and the service was top notch.Was hard with 3 days notice to get all the services I wanted to get done booked; settled with a 60 min facial. Would love to try the hot stone massage or the 90 min massage next time.  I will be back!
5	I had an exceptional day at Athena!  The receptionists were so welcoming and friendly.  Courtney did my 90 minute facial, and she did a fantastic job!  My skin looks and feels gorgeous, and the treatment was incredibly relaxing.  I'm going to become a regular.  Berta gave me a magnificent paraffin pedicure, and I'll be back to see her in a few weeks to have my eyebrows threaded.The space is gorgeous, too!  I can't wait to go again.
5	Great haircuts and color.  A bit pricey, but worth it.
5	My first time at Athena Salon and was very impressed.I had the Swedish massage and  Lillian did a great job.
4	I come here for their spa services. The prices are a little on the high end, but it is worth it for clean, calm facilities and top notch staff. I usually see Courtney for my waxes, facials and body treatments (when I am lucky enough to get them) and Liliana for massages. She is phenomenal! It's very much worth the little extra to come here.
4	Got my brows threaded by Berta. First time I've had it done, and I was expecting it to hurt. It didn't hurt at all! She does a great job, and consults with you before hand to find out how you like your brows. Although mine are naturally uneven, she managed to make them look nice and even, and in the shape that I like, without making them too thin. She also does nails, so I think I'll go back sometime for a pedi. The place itself is very nice!
5	People have said I'm the kind of person that can make a saint try for patience. I apologize very much so for being late; not 30 nor an hr late for appt. even if I am over 2 hrs late, they still squeeze me in!  Athena Salon & Day Spa deserves more than 5 stars. The lady did my hair and make-up wonderfully, more than my expectations of how I hope to look. I am grateful and will wholeheartedly give positive feedback to acquaints & friends of a place they must try and that is Athena.
5	I had a facial and an eyebrow wax done and I have to say I was very happy with the service I received. First of all I had no idea about the spa in the back of the hair salon. When the front desk girl took me back to the spa I walked into a nice relaxing room with a foot pool, relaxing couches and relaxing music. The girl showed me back to the locker where I changed into a robe and slippers. I then sat in the spa waiting area where the front desk girl greeted me with a warm neck wrap and told me my therapist would be out shortly. Anna my anesthetist came up to me moments later and showed me back to the treatment room. The facial I received was very relaxing and Anna has wonderful technique. I also received and eyebrow wax that shaped my brows perfectly. I highly recommend Athens Day Spa!!!!!!.
5	This is in a very unassuming strip mall so you might pass it up.  BUT don't.  Inside there are an amazing amount of beautiful things to buy and the interior is very soothing.  The decor is beautiful and they start a massage visit off by putting you in the relaxation room with a foot bath you can walk in if wanted.  It massages the bottom of your feet.  They also bring you a big heated smelly good neck thing to get heat going on your weary neck and shoulders.  You are then taken back to a private massage room where if you are lucky, you've booked Kimberly Stines.  If you have, then the next hour, 90 minutes or what have you, will be filled with nurturing beyond compare!  Hear the gentle music, relax and let her unkink your kinks.I have followed her from her previous location and will always go where she goes! She's THAT GOOD!Oh, and if you need your feet or nails done?  Diana is your Goddess!  In fact, perfect name for the people that work there.  Goddesses.  In Athena.  The only way to improve it?  Stop off at Babbo afterwards for some pasta!  Yum!
1	Hair Horror story: My second trip back. My hairstylist relocated last year, and Ive been looking for someone who can cut short, thick hair well ever since. The first visit to Amy was so good, I came back with my daughter. I called ahead teice as we were running way behind , prepared to reschedule but the front desk said to come on in - no problem. When I got there, I got a hurried cut with no styling. Worse still, my daughter got such a haphazard cut, her hair is not straight at all. Even after a corrective cut that the manager offered at checkout, A huge chunk of hair in the middle is 2.5 inches shorter than the rest, making braiding her hair properly nigh impossible.Supercuts would be a better bet at 1/4 the price. Come to think of it, I'd do better cutting our hair myself!!I'm certainly not going back.
5	Aimee is the best hairstylist I have had.  She has reworked my hair color to finally get it to the right blonde.  I have been getting my hair done for 16 years and no other stylist has been able to get the "gold" tone out like she has.  After moving here from Los Angeles, I found that my hair got really dry and had problems with build up.  She has worked with me to get it back into great condition and it is softer than ever.  She's even been great with cuts even though my wavy hair can be tricky to tame and trim.
5	I owe April at Athena so much for saving my hair after 2 awful experiences at "high end" salons in Scottsdale that left me with  processed hair that felt like straw and was falling out in clumps. April took the time to get my hair healthy before she worked on the corrective color. Now I finally have healthy hair that isn't dark brown with huge chunks of a whitish yellow in between (yes it was that bad). Everyone in the Salon is welcoming and professional - I don't dread going to get my hair done anymore.Oh, she's also been able to somehow make the cut that looked like something I gave myself when I was 5 look like an actual style and it's getting better as the random layers grow out. I can't wait to see what she'll be able to do once the everything has grown out!I've only had one service in the spa but plan to have many more now that I work less than 5 mins away! Bottom line- if you think you have to go to Scottsdale for a good salon, think again. There are very few salons around that use Goldwell products and this is by far the best I've found in the valley!
3	Very nice local day spa and salon.
5	I just moved here at the beginning of the month and Athena was the closest salon.  It was really nice on the inside, and I was given a full tour of the spa by Oliver.  Very upscale and good quality.  It is unassuming in appearance from the outside, but  luxury on the inside.I received a cut and color which was about 2 hours to complete in full.  I was looking for that, so it made me pretty happy.  After living in Southern CA, I think the prices here are about the same if not more reasonable than they were in OC.  It's not cheap, but then I expect to pay more to get a good hairstyle that I like.   I think I have found a keeper here!
5	This place is entirely unassuming. It's located between a Pizza Hut and a Dunkin' Donuts and looks like any other storefront at first glance. However, when I entered, I was taken aback by how luxurious everything was. There's a Keurig machine and some snacks in the waiting area. Much of the lobby is taken up by a store where you can buy salon products such as nail polish or girly trinkets. When I was taken to the back of the salon, I was again pleasantly surprised by how luxurious everything was and how large the rest of the salon was. It's like in those TV shows where they show an exterior of a tiny house and once they show the inside it's the size of a football field. Athena isn't quite that big, but you get the picture!I enjoyed the services and I could tell that the aesthetician was very skilled. I will definitely return here for all my salon service needs.
5	April's the best. She takes time to listen, and communicate. I like the manicure and pedicure too. Very clean salon with quick service and even when they squeeze you between appointments, they give the best service!
5	Just like all the other reviews have said, this place is totally unsuspecting. When you walk in the front lobby is decorated with granite, tile, glass and high ceilings. I was offered a water right away. After I checked in I got a robe, and sandals. I was taken to the spa waiting area. The waiting area has a small water area, where you can soak your feet in warm water. Or you can rest on one of the couches. The receptionist gave me a warm shoulder wrap while I waited. I had a 1 hour Swedish massage, which was great. I got dressed and then got a pedicure. The salon only uses OPI nail polish and has updated colors. I loved my experience there. Will definitely be coming back.
5	I just had extensions put in by Abby at Athena...and OMG! She did an amazing job!!! I love trying new things with my hair, but am extremely picky. Her ability to make the (very long) extensions blend with my (very short) natural hair was very impressive! I love my long layers and the colors match perfectly. Very, very impressed. I also have gotten a conditioning treatment from her and dang can that girl give a good head massage!! :) obviously, I would highly recommend Abby for any hair service...she is awesome!!!
5	Like others have mentioned this is a hidden treasure! The front is a lovely salon with beautiful chandeliers but I wasn't expecting much while being led to the back for my massage because the place seemed a little small. Boy was I pleasantly surprised! After changing into a plush robe and sandals in the spa locker room, I soaked my feet in the small heated waterfall and got a warm wrap for my neck while waiting for my massage. It was delightful but the true delight came when I got my massage. Amm was incredible! Hands down the best massage I've ever had. She used techniques I hadn't experienced before and was incredibly kind and thoughtful. She was great about reading my body for signs of using too much pressure or not enough. Plenty of warm towels were used. I left completely happy and blissed out. The front desk girls weren't very friendly and borderline rude but other than that it was a wonderful experience. I highly recommend Amm for a massage. I'll definitely be going back to try some of their other services.
