5	I bought a 1-year old S60 here a few years ago and was very happy with the experience:* The price I was given was fair- it was not much above the blue book value. I haggled a bit and the sales staff was professional and courteous.* I had to have routine/preventive maintenance done from time to time, and I was always given a loaner car and the work was always done on time.I have only one other car-buying experience (at a horrible Mercedes dealership in Fairfield, CT) and University Volvo was heaven by comparison.
1	do not spend your hard earned money here unless you want lousy repairs made, sass from the service representatives, and huge labor cost.brought my vehicle in for emergency service. was told the wait would be over 4 days due to mechanics quitting! are you kidding me? once the shoddy repair was made, a new major problem was created so i bring me vehicle back so they can fix it right, and am greeted with "i'll see if we have time for this" from the service representative. what a joke. worst part is my vehicle afterward still had a problem! you do not pay hundreds of dollars for less than perfect service. for the amount of money spent on 1 repair, you could buy yourself a brand new bicycle and be much happier.i ended up taking my vehicle to my trusted import mechanic in greensboro, where the problem was finally fixed the right way.in the end, do not trust this dealer--this is one of the worst volvo dealerships i've seen and i have seen many.
1	Dealing with the Service Advisor at this dealership is useless. They make promises and don't keep them! Volvo want to be a luxury car, but they have a lot to learn on how to be a luxury car dealership. Good luck on getting warranty work done at this place, or as far as that matters, any good quality work, with good customer service! Evidently, tolerance level is very high, from Volvo of North America Corporate office, for low achiever dealers. I think they can take a lesson or two from any local luxury car dealerships. It's ashame I can't score University Volvo a "0", instead of one star!!
5	3 time repeat customer here and zero complaints!  We own 3 volvos currently and have always had an excellent experience.  The sales department has always been very fair, prompt and upfront.  The services department goes out of there way even staying after hours to see our need are met.  Keep in mind these folks are not magicians but do evrything in their power to see our cars are fixed properly, on time and with minimal impact to our busy schedules.
1	After being nickle and dimed about our trade-in to the point were we were about to walk out the door, our front tire goes flat the next day. After re-inflating it continues to lose air and we have to bring it to a garage due to being stranded. They showed us a defect in the tire where the side wall was bulging out the size of a golf ball. The garage mentioned that if we were on the highway we could have been killed as it would have been a total blowout. We then bring it to the Charlotte Volvo for repair and they send us a picture of another damage where someone had previously patched the tire. We then have the same sales manager for the next  2 months do the biggest finger pointing game we have ever seen. Calling and emailing that they are not responsible. Wow, 3 days after getting the car we had to have it towed and he is finger pointing. It shows what type of operation this is with no concern for our safety and the risk they put us in.
