2	I've gone to the Safeway chain for years but I'm not a big  fan of the Valley locations. The sales aren't bad in the meat department but not any better than the local Frys. The rest of the store leaves much to be desired. Prices are high and the service is atrocious during normal business hours. There is no such thing as a quick trip into this store. You can easily get stuck at checkout for  20 minutes at 2 in the afternoon. I understand if this is in a long line with full carts but not in the 15 items or less line. The staff is sloppy and the scanners always have some sort of slimy goop on them. Nothing i would want my produce scanned over.
4	Safeway is one of my farovite places to buy groceries if I need good stuff reasonably.  IF I need anything out of the ordinary, I may go to Albertson's or AJ's ~ but my weekly shop if usually spend at the Safeway at Val Vista and Elliott. It's clean and the staff is helpful and friendly. Plus their vegetable selection is pretty darn good, too.Today I did a big shop for a family birthday party we were having ~ everything I needed was right there, including THEE most delicious birthday cake.  At the end of the night my guest wanted to know where I got the cake it was so good ~ it was hard for my guests to believe I got such a wonderfully tasting cake at Safeway . . . but I did.It is a blessing to have a nice grocery store near by, with reasonable prices and a great internal bakery.Blessings: )KC
4	My fav safeway.
4	This is a nice Safeway.  It has the usual products you expect at Safeway.  Good meats, good produce.  The employees are friendly and helpful.  One even recommended a bakery to us this visit.  Turned out to be a good bakery, too.Sometimes they can be a little pricey, but they often have good sales.  And their new Android app really helps too.
4	I have shopped at Safeway for so many years, it's just my go-to grocery store, even though there are 2 Fry's that are closer to where I live.  That being said, in order to get comparable prices, you have to buy things that are on sale with your club card.  To get GREAT prices, sign up for their Just For U program and get things that you normally buy for even less.
4	Safeways is awesome, love the convenient location for grocery shopping, banking, and a coffee stop all in one. Bakery is pretty good but pretty limited. I just have to say one thing though, I tried their carrot cake and it was terrible I HAVE to say. Ugh tasted like pumpkin bread with raisins and gritty frosting that did not taste like cream cheese frosting. And where was the walnuts for Pete's sake! Pathetic excuse for a carrot cake in my opinion -YUCK. Floral department is lovely, beautiful and fresh flowers are always stocked for me to buy just because. The Wells Fargo and Starbucks staff inside are the nicest ones ever, I go their regularly and they always remember my name and preferences.Overall good customer service and a great store.
