4	This Penney's has the Sephora in store. Which is cool (if a bit odd, since there's a Sephora just up the mall). They also have had extensive remodeling and the store is laid out in a very user-friendly way. On my most recent visit, I was trying to find 4 of a particular item (for my bridesmaids) and they only had 3. The sales clerk was incredibly helpful and did her best to locate another of the item as another JCPenney location. Excellent service.
4	tI must say - I love what JCPenney is evolving to be. I love that they have redesigned their marketing plan and their pricing scheme. All the prices are even numbers - no cents. They are prices I'd be willing to pay in the first place, not after they go on sale. The JCPenney brand is actually cute and I buy a lot of their clothes for work. And despite their new plan, they still have good maintain a good clearance rack. I love this place!This location in particular is pretty good. Not the very best I've seen, but definitely a really good one. Right now they are under construction and are building all sorts of "mini stores" within the store - designer clothing brands, Sephora, a Martha Stewart collection, etc. I don't know how I feel about this - I guess I'll see when it is finished. I like what JCPenney is doing and I encourage ya'll to go out and give it another try if you haven't been in in a few years. :) Definitely kicks Macy's butt.
4	JC Penny; Coupons galore, but not anymore. So I have been coming to this JC Penny for a very long time and they just recently renovated. The results? SPECTACULAR! It is an absolutely gorgeous store and was made even better by the renovations. They sort of became a department store with "high-end" showcasing. Their new JC Penny line and Jeans bar are just a few of the additions. It isn't always the most organized store and the employees can be pretty unwilling to help but at the very least you have a gorgeous store to rummage around in. Its not to say that all the employees are unwilling but some with sort of point in a direction to have you search for something rather than just show you. Located inside a mall... and great new additions. Aside from the staff a place upon thee, Four Stars!
4	No, really, have you been to JCPenney's West Towne lately? Just take the escalator to the home design space. They have completely remodeled the second floor! I thought they were going out of business at Christmas. The staff is still friendly and willing to help you get the best price; the curtain section has fewer choices (due to the space re-design) but the staff is still very knowledgable and aware of options online and the petite department could use some help--synthetics are just not the answer to rising cotton prices. I am not a fan of the shoe department but I like their purses. I got some great deals at Christmas on a coat, scarf, gloves & mittens, and pouches. I picked up several extra $1 pairs of gloves for kids who come to the door in winter and for donation. I guess this store is slowly going through a total remodel--the second floor is really bright...
1	This review is for the photography studio only.  We went here to get our nine month old pictures taken and had a bad experience.  Our photographer was not friendly at all, I don't think she smiled once, and barely got our usually super smiley baby to smile at all.  Next time I will definitely pay more and go somewhere else.
