1	I really hope I just caught this restaurant on a bad day. The food was bland and tasteless, with hardly any sauce in some of the wraps. And the noise level is atrocious. Avoid.
4	When you google 'Mexican Edinburgh' , Pancho Villas is quite far down on the page, but it shouldn't be. Yes, it's a franchise, and yes, it's not the most glamorous  of places, but it is one of my favourites in Edinburgh. There is definitely an atmosphere in this restaurant -  a cosy, welcoming and happy one reflected in the service and on the faces of other customers. Straight away you know you've got a good one. Ok, so the surroundings aren't considered chic, but it's quaint. But let's get down to business - the food. It would be hard to get Mexican food wrong, right? They couldn't get it wrong in Pancho's , every single dish is as mouth-watering as the last. I don't think I've ever spent so long choosing what to have, usually the best option jumps out at you. I considered ordering 3 dishes during one of my visits because I simply couldn't choose. I would highly recommend the  burrito - either chicken or beef (well...on the menu it's 'spicy chicken' or 'spicy beef' - i'm a spice pussy and I can eat it quite happily). The only criticism I personally have is with presentation - they tend to put sala, guacamole and sour cream on top of the tortilla which I find messy and unbalanced...but hey that's personal.the fajitas are amongst the best I've ever had. So, what I'm trying to say is, if you are looking for a nice, cosy place to sit in with your boyfriend/girlfriend/lover/mistress/son/daughter/family/wheoever, and you can't be bothered changing from your hoody and trackies, go to Pancho Villas. you will get great food, a good atmosphere, and even better cocktails. what's not to want?
4	Ok so I ordered the wrong thing when I came here last time. I meant to order the quesadilla but ended up with a burrito. Not a bad thing, but my buds weren't ready.The staff wern't very attentive this time, we had to order our drinks at the bar and they came and took our order when the drinks had arrived. It was fine though.The food was still good! The wine was a bit warm, but that's ok.  It's never really busy here, don't know why but it isn't!
2	So I decided to venture from my usual Mexican restaurant on this trip to Edinburgh to try a new one.  I read the menu while I was standing outside and that's why I decided to try it.The first waitress kept rushing me along saying, "This table is booked for 7.  Ok?"  I got it the first time.  I think I had 3 waitresses during my short dinner.  The last two, however, were very attentive and very hospitable.I ordered a Corona to go with my meal...and it wasn't cold at all.  The Tortilla Soup was not quite what I expected, but I have to say it looked beautiful...but the taste...not sure if it was the lukewarm soup itself, the crumbled cheese, or the rock hard pieces of avocado, but it was not good.I then ordered the Enchilada Toluca.  The menu says that there is a cream sauce, but there was definitely no sauce on this, just melted cheese on top, however I thought it was delicious, although there could have been more chorizo in the enchilada.  The rice was pretty bland, but the refried beans were wonderful.  The beans had a lot of flavor.Overall...it wasn't the worst Mexican food I've had, but it certainly was not the best.
2	Not the greatest Mexican food around. Then again, this is Edinburgh...not Los Angeles, so it wasn't very shocking. For some peculiar reason or other, the South seems to have a few decent Mexican places but there's somewhat of a dearth up here. I'd actually rate this place 1-star but our server was lovely and brought us our drinks and food in a timely manner.
4	OMG The Chili Con Carne here was sooooooo freaking tasty it was unreal. The rice was like spicy and orange, perfect amount of jalapenos and it was such a big, satisfying portion! Really worth the price and would love to try other things on the menu too!!
3	Don't let the name fool you, this place is definitely more tex-mex than Mexican. The margaritas are strong and the food is tasty (regardless of its authenticity). Our waiter was really friendly and was on top of our empty glasses throughout lunch.
2	After having already tried Viva Mexico once, we thought we would be adventurous and try Pancho Villas, but we came away disappointed. This place has a great location and, as such, is usually busy. However, that is because it is touristy and looks inviting, but the food betrays it and is quite basic and not authentic Mexican at all. To top it off, the staff is unfriendly and even at times disdaining.
2	Having walked past many times, finally decided to go in and try it out tonight.Ordered a variety of dishes, nachos, guacamole, tortilla soup, poblano, ribs & rustic lamb. Food was ok. Nothing spectacular.  Service was nothing to write home about. We were shown to a table which still had napkins on the floor. I don't have anything overly negative to say but don't have much positive to say either. I wouldn't choose to dine here again.
2	Pancho Villas has been around for a while, it seems to get enough business to stick around, but I am not entirely sure how... I have had better chili from several pubs and Illegal Jack's, cheaper too. Enchiladas and Fajitas were also uninspired and lacking a spice hit.A friend said they make a great margarita, however if I need to be inebriated to enjoy the food I don't see the point of paying a restaurant price.To use the description so handily provided by yelp; meh, I've experienced better.
4	So ... we've been in the UK since January and have missed real Mexican food. Consider that I had spent the last six months of 2012 in California where real Mexican food can be found just around the corner from where ever you are. We were wandering down the Royal Mile, intending to eat at a restaurant where we had reservations only to find that they closed about 30 minutes after our reservation time. Not wanting to be rushed, we looked across the street, saw Pancho Villas, and decided to take a risk. After all, how would the UK's interpretation of Mexican food taste? Imagine my surprise and delight to have a meal similar to what I would find in southern California. Granted, ingredient substitutions are made based on what's available in the UK however considering that the owner is Mexican and some of his staff are Mexican, I appreciated finally finding tasty Mexican food in the UK.
5	A great place. Good service!  Margaritas were small for a Texan but good. Order the enchiladas suizas!  Muy bueno!  We also ordered combo fajitas and the chicken quesadilla. The best though were the enchiladad!
1	Sorry, not Mexican food.
2	I wanted to like this place. I really did. The decor reminded my of some of my favorite Mexican places from home. Then I heard Spanish being spoken and my heart almost stopped with joy. Then the food arrived and the joy stopped. I ordered my usual chicken burrito and was disappointed from the first bite. My burrito consisted of shredded chicken meat, which was over seasoned and tough, and that was it. No beans, no salsa, no cheese. NOTHING. I hate to tell you kids, but shredded meat does not a burrito make. The plate also had an over abundance of dry "flavored" rice and a pitiful amount of salsa. It was really some of the worst Mexican I have had around Europe. The reason why I gave this place two stars is because of the service. Seriously. These guys were nice, prompt, polite, and a basic joy. I would go back for beer and nachos just for them.
5	Great food, margaritas are smooth, service is great. Good value. Just the perfect amount of spicy. Will come back next time.
4	I don't think they indicated "authentic" Mexican food but after a week in the UK, any Mexican food was up consideration.  Overall, I was not disappointed.  When you're on the apposite site of the rock from Mexico I get that you have to make substitutions.First test - the salsa.  was up to par, not excellent but not yucky either.I had the barbacoa, it was excellent but wished it could have had some jalapeno slices and or some leafy garnish to add crunch.  My husband had burritos or something that was quickly devoured so i'm guessing it wasn't bad.   Service was prompt and friendly.  Prices were fair and the food was good.
3	Average food, average service.I stopped into Pancho Villa's for lunch recently and was overall happy with my food and experience, although at the time I came it was pretty dead inside with just me eating and my server texting behind the bar. Slightly awkward. I chose the chicken burrito and rice, with the soup of the day. I was actually happy with the food, although it was a bit pricey for me. The service was as good as it could be for being just me and the server in there. It was hard for her to gauge whether to talk to me or leave me alone. I understand. I could've lived without seeing the texting while I'm eating but perhaps she was just bored. Overall, I would say that it was decent Mexican food and perhaps with some friends and drinks the experience would be better. Of course every restaurant would want this. But if at 2:30pm your service is average, than I'm not sure it's worth coming back and spending more with friends. It isn't all bad though. The food was good enough for me to consider coming back sometime. Maybe.
