4	Rocky's is a typical Vegas tavern. They have a bar you can smoke in with pool tables, golden tee and video poker. There's also a non smoking restaurant. The food is good, had the Appetizer sampler last night and everything was excellent. Onion rings were thick and crispy. Chicken wings were good, mozzarella sticks were awesome and the nachos were also very good. It came on a plate big enough to serve a Thanksgiving turkey with a myriad of sauces.Full bar, lots of beer on tap. Didn't see a wine list or ask for specialty cocktails so can't comment on that. Jukebox plays whatever kind of music you pick so if you start playing classic rock it will keep with that genre.Staff is very friendly and attentive.
5	The fish tacos are mind blowing. The service is execellent. Management is alaways on site, the way a biz should be run. Prices are on par. ask keven for hugs.
5	Excellent spot! The bartender, Kevin, Gives GREAT hugs!! The food is really fantastic, especially Fish Tacos.  Great staff, free WiFi and they tend to play the 90s rock sat-radio station and never TOO Loud. DEFF check out Rocky's!!
5	Good prices and excellent food. A rarity in Vegas, really. The service is always great, always friendly, and always prompt. My boyfriend and I usually order enough to have lunch and dinner the next day, which includes a pizza, chicken fingers, and a sandwich. Once in awhile, onion rings. Our regular server always leaves a pitcher of iced tea on the table for my guy, who is an iced tea camel to the highest degree, not because she doesn't have time to be back but because she knows he will down it. I cannot say enough about the service here. It has NEVER been bad.The owner of the restaurant can often be seen talking with his guests and I have been lucky enough to chat with him for awhile. He's very nice and has a lot of standards for his restaurant. He really does care about everything in his restaurant.Give this place a try.
4	This place is a lot improved from when it used to be timbers. The value and quality of food is better. The waitresses are better also. Gary on graveyard is the best employee there. The quality has definitely gone up when the timbers name went away.
5	Denver has a few gastropubs. High class bar food at low prices. Well this qualifies. Way to go Vegas. Plenty of seating looks like a separate area for parties too. Lots of TVs. Big ass booths to seat plenty. Nice seating at the bar too. Friendly servers and clientele and the owner will be your friend after your 1st visit.I ordered the fish tacos and it came with 3. They were huge with a side of tortilla chips. The fish tasted like it was caught that day. I didnt have room for dessert but oh man it looked delicious. On game day ill be here.
3	Having been here often (breakfast, lunch and dinner and we've had nearly everything on the menu over the years) we've experienced good food and service about 70% of the time and then 30% of the time it's been...meh. Rocky's was a Timbers for years and when the ownership changed, the price of their food went down but the ingredients for most of their dishes also became noticeably reduced in quality. The upside is that the portions are pretty big for the price.(On that note, I was surprised that Joyce was mentioned as giving good service because if she's the Joyce who has served us, we've experienced her disappear for long periods of time and seeing the bartender or another waitress notice us and pick up the slack in her section often.)But the price is right for solid bar food, friendly bartenders, (mostly) good wait staff and lots of great seats - tables, large booths and a non-bar dining area- to watch sports on their many TV's. The alcohol selection's not huge but they have everything from Miller Lite and Bud to Guinness and Bass on tap. Plus, there are drink specials and once the bartenders get to know you (pretty quickly), they can get you what you need quick enough, whether beer or mixed drinks.Also, calling Rocky's a gastropub is misleading. It is like other "locals" taverns that give the off-Strip Vegas dining scene its unique character (PT's, Steiner's, Village Pub). It's a good go-to place for inexpensive bar food and a place to watch the game or celebrate St. Patrick's Day with your friends, but neither the food nor the decor is  what most people think of as "gastro." For that, try Shakespeare's on Eastern Ave. or off-Strip Irish pubs like McMullan's or Molly Malone's.Overall, don't go to Rocky's expecting amazing food, but the portions are large, you won't spend a lot of money for them and your bartender will treat you right. If you need a place to watch the big game, it's also not a bad place to be.
5	This is a great neighborhood bar.  The bar staff is always friendly and attentive.  Kevin, hands down, is probably, no is the best bartender I have every met. The food has gotten so much better over the last couple months.  Joe, the owner is always trying new things.  I made the mistake of going to another local bar and having dinner (chicken tenders) and  I have to say they were over breaded and over priced.  Rocky's chicken tenders were bigger, lightly breaded, and the hot sauce was much better.  Even though I don't eat chicken wings, I highly recommend them.  My roommate can't get enough of them.
4	Literally Next door to my place, decent beer prices pretty good food. Not to shabby for a local bar
1	I have a tough time giving it even one star....I have lived in that area for 8 yrs now and evertime I go to this bar I get the WORST service.  Basically if your not playing a machine they don't pay attention to you, UNLESS the (I believe) the manager is there he is great.  I understand that the players (if they hit) tip well, totally understand, but I tip 30-40% everytime, just because I worked in the service industry all my life.  But now the bare minimum tip, if I even go there, I would rather drive a few miles further and get good service.The food here is very good bar food, if you can get someone to help you.
1	Yes, the food tastes terrific, and the prices are MORE than reasonable.But the OWNER (Joseph Zanelli) is incredibly rude and unfriendly.  So are SOME of his servers.I used to go there every Sunday afternoon for about 3 hours, with my friends.We don't go there anymore, and we will NEVER RETURN. If I want to be treated rudely, I'll re-marry my first wife.Avoid this place and avoid Joseph Zanelli.  You don't need the kind of discourteous treatment he offers the public.
5	I absolutely LOVE Rockys! They hook it up every time we visit! Winning money here is GREAT and it happens all the time. I love his Bartenders! We will always come here! Wonderful Service!
5	Apparently they re-did their menu recently and they get most of the meat from a local butcher.  They have hip takes on great classic dishes. I was super impressed by everything I ate as well as what I saw served to my friends.  There is a list of things I can't wait to try on the menu.  Our server was a great and he was actually genuinely helpful with suggestions.  The bartenders have always been great when we were there.
4	This is a friendly place with great food at very reasonable prices.  A large bar area occupies bout 60% of the public space, separated by a glass wall and door from a small restaurant, which also has an adjacent private seating area for larger groups.  The menu is moderate in size, breakfast, appetizers, sandwiches, pizza, burgers, dinner and desert selections.My only complaint is they removed the outstanding beef tips from the dinner menu - this was a signature dish that was always worth the trip, darn tasty.  It is s shame, but the rest of the menu is outstanding, top quality, I have never been disappointed and I have tried about 60% of the menu so far.Really a hidden gem for quality, value and friendliness.  ...bring back the beef tips and 5 stars goes up on the board!
5	Best local bar. Food is always amazing, service is quick and fun. Chris is the best!
4	Best bartenders in town!  Good inexpensive food. Fun place.
5	Loved this bar, met up with a few friends there, hit a 5 spot loaded ... Great bartenders ... Good vibe .... And when I asks soft shots they weren't fruity sugar filled crap ... They were good ole Jameson :)
5	I go to this bar often.I live the staff and the door is some if the best bar food I've had!Shout out to Chris one if the bartenders, awesome dude!
5	Great atmosphere, attentive service, open all hours. Check it out!
3	Meh. It's your typical bar hall with pool, video poker, and golden tee. Service is decent. Food, well, it's bar food lol. Decent selection on Tap, my fave- GUINNESS :D Some people might find this fun (not me) but you can smoke your lungs away inside. Overall, it's a chill place to hang out. I'm sure the local residents are more than happy to stumble on home after a few hours at this place :b
4	I live nearby and recently started stopping by for a weekend meal. The menu is basic bar food, but it's basic bar food done really well. The hamburger is really big and really, really good. Went last night just to pick up some wings to go. I've never had a problem with the service.Maybe the best thing about the place? Joseph James Citra on tap.
5	I love this place! All the bartenders are amazing and friendly and have the best sliders in town. Right off 215 and clean. My favorite to get food and brew after work and open 24/7
5	I have never had a bad experience here with the food.  The service sometimes is a little sketchy but it is never horrible, you just cannot be in a huge hurry if sitting in the dining room.  If you want immediate service, you need to go sit in the bar.  Overall though, every server here has been friendly, always willing to go the extra mile if you ask and the food has always been awesome here.I have had several items on the menu and those I have not had, other people who have been with me have had items I have not had and there have never been any complaints.  Also, this place serves breakfast ALL day and the menu is always available, what a great place...Most places restrict you to what you can order after a certain hour, not this place, they are awesome all around.
2	I live in the neighborhood stop by a few times the food is always pretty good, the service is always pretty bad, it's a great place to go up you want to stop drinking because you will be waiting a while for that refill
5	When you keep going back to a place it is hard to keep writing reviews about them.  We like the food, it has never disappointed whether breakfast, lunch or dinner.  I have tried them all and all are good.  The service is what makes the difference here.  If you sit in the bar the service is pretty much is excellent, if you sit in the dining room, the speed of service is hit & miss, but the personality is always good.
3	It wasn't terrible, but it wasn't great either.Rocky's has decent food at decent prices. The food took quite a while to get to us which was odd because it wasn't busy. It would've been a better experience if the waitress was more attentive. We were there for over an hour and she never once refilled our waters. Overall it's a decent enough place to hang out with friends while grabbing a bite to eat.
4	Still really enjoy this place but the service is always questionable in the dining room.  The server took our drink order came back pretty fast and took our food order.  Once the food came she was around for a little bit and then disappeared into the kitchen.  Overall the food was prepared to order and it was awesome as always.  We will continue to come here.
1	I love this place late night. I am not a big fan during the day. This female bartender with the tatoos is soo lazy. I have to go to her to get a beer. Treat your customer the same. Why have a beer and burger special if your only have 1 type of beer to be served. I am not happy at all.
1	So I decided to give Rockies a second chance after my horrible experience with the bartender with the tattoo I walk in tonight and first thing she made a stupid comment about my yelp review this broad need to get a life you can take your beer and shove it. I don't need your free handout I have money to spend I'm not a broke person like all these other cats. This is a customer service business I don't have to wait 20 minutes just to get a damn beer. I waited 20 minutes for beer with an attitude you can take your Beer and shove it I don't need it.
4	Good spot. Definitely a local's joint and a low riff-raff crowd. Rocky's has very friendly service and surprisingly good food... i usually dont expect much from a bar but this place easily exceeded the bar I had set for this bar (see what i did there?). Yes they have video poker at just about all of the bar-tops... which i tend to believe sucks a little bit of the life out of a place as it kills conversation, but hey this is Vegas, so what do you expect.
5	I live literally right next to this bar. The service is fantastic. Always willing to give suggestions. Honestly, their pizza is amaze balls. Something about their sauce is sweet. If you're ever in the mood for nachos, don't hesitate. Maybe share though because they're massive. I play pool there a lot and it's such a relaxed and clean bar. Like any good neighborhood bar :)
3	Been coming here for years night bartender is awesome. Love the burgers and pizza . Not too smokey which is cool ..Day bartender is a little rude . All in all its a great place to unwind after work
5	Great little place. Good food, great friendly bartenders. Smoke is a little much but if your playing pool you can hardly tell.
4	Love the staff here! Everyone is so nice!!! Me and my boyfriend come here for the filet special!!! To die for soooo good!!! Plus they have players cards that make gambling just a bit more fun!!!!
4	Great food, great beers, great service. I especially love the fact that they have local breweries on tap.
