5	Great Sandwiches, get outta here subway.  I've only tried the cold subs, but I tried it, then brought my 2 roommates, and we all agree the food is great.  I recommend the Smokey cheddar on any sandwich, its great. They slice the meat and cheese right in front of you.  Fresh and Tasty.Enjoy!
4	Great, fresh subs...but the sourdough was kinda hard. Nice employees!!
4	My favorite sammy restaurant chain of all time. I always get the #5 on sourdough... MMM MMM MMM. Great customer service there, only downer is the outdated interior... always a To Go order when ordering from the Boulder Hwy. location. But they are doin' something right! It's always pretty busy in there!
5	Love this place.  Every time I visit family in Henderson, I have to get my Port of Subs fix.  I dream about their sandwiches all year long....that's how good they are.  Love the #5.  It has come to the point of obsession because anytime I travel, I always look up if Port of Subs is in the area.  Wish there was one where I live.
4	They are not as good as Jimmy Johns but its not too bad!
2	Tomatoes looked disgusting and why don't they carry ketchup? Isn't this America? I hope this microwaved breakfast griller tastes good...
2	Terrible customer service. First off, my friend and I walk in and were just stared at for a bit before we got a curt, "Hi" from one of the employees. The woman who made our sandwiches was not nice at all. It seemed like we were bothering her by being there and having her do what she gets paid to do. She didn't ask if I wanted the oil, vinegar and seasonings, she just assumed I was done with my sandwich, and when I asked her to put them on she seemed irritated by it. There was another guy helping us and he was a tad nicer but didn't make much of an impression either. I work in the food service industry and know this is NOT how you treat customers.
5	Been going to this location the last few weeks and every time the food has been very fresh and the staff had been nothing but excellent. Very nice people in there I will continue to eat there and highly recommend it for others.
4	Great place for a quick bite. I feel like you get more meat here and its a better bang for your buck! The staff sometimes needs to act more like the nice owner. But overall good spot!
