5	Dave is an amazing person and he is accompanied by a kind and brilliant staff! Their knowledge of saxophones is top notch and they are keen on doing what they can to help you afford the horn of your dreams! I visit them every time I'm in Vegas
5	We had the pleasure of meeting Mr. Keelser as we contemplated a stringed instrument for my oldest son.  We found him to be very open about his business, how he makes money on instrument sales and why he chooses certain brands to sell versus others.  He also took the time to help my son make a decision that was best for his skill level and aspirations for playing.  Kessler & Sons is known as the place to go in Las Vegas and our experience with Mr. Keesler leaves no doubt in my mind that they are the only place I will do business with.
5	I heard about Kessler & Son's via many saxophone websites and forums, and I also explored their website extensively (there is a lot of information, about many horns).  Everything I read on the forums said that the Kessler's are ethical, focused on helping their customer, and won't steer the customer to things that they don't need.    I also heard that they have great prices, and "set-up"  all of the saxophones that they sell.  It almost seemed too good to be true ----but my experience was that it was ALL true.  I recommend that you call Dave and ask him about  horn's that you are interested in, and ask him about prices that you have seen online.I am a new saxophone player, but I wanted a high quality horn that wouldn't break the bank, but I knew that I didn't want to have to upgrade later.  However, I still wanted the horn to be manageable for a new saxophonist (some expensive horns can be difficult for inexperienced players).  This seemed like kind of a tall order, but I called Dave Kessler and he was very helpful, and had many suggestions.   I decided to make the trip to Las Vegas from Carlsbad, CA ---- It was completely worth doing!  I brought a nephew with me who had also heard of Kessler's (through other sax players at San Diego State), and Dave was completely patient with us as we tried out many horns.  Dave was a wealth of information about saxophone brands, mouthpieces, reeds, and pretty much anything we could think of.  I purchased a Yanagisawa T901 for less than many people pay for far inferior horns, and the horn is easy to play from top to bottom. I'm thrilled with the horn, and the trip easily paid for itself.    I couldn't have asked for more.
5	I would like to share the most wonderful and positive experience that I had ever had with any music store in my whole life.  I am from California and found out about the "Kessler & Son's Music store during my web searches. I was on a mission to help find my son what I termed "a horn that would have a magical feel and sound quality to it while being played". I too being a trumpet player myself had a good idea and started to take my son out to different music stores locally here in CA and trying different horns but never found the right horn. He liked the way my older vintage Mt. Vernon Bach Strad played so I had a good idea what he was looking for. I ended up calling Kessler & Son's and spoke with Dave Kessler. He certainly is one knowledgeable fellow when it comes to Bach Stradivarius trumpets. In that very first conversation with Dave and all my questions I had for him he helped educate me on what horn might work out the best for my son. I didn't realize that 30-40 minutes had already elapsed. Wow! Finally a man with a passion for what he is doing takes an appropriate amount of time to make sure that we as customers are making an educated decision in purchasing a musical instrument. As opposed to how fast can I hang up the phone I've got other things to do (other music stores attitude) I actually had a conversation like I was standing right next to Dave Kessler. We decided that the Bach 37 Strad with the Sterling Plus Silver Bell was the way to go! I ordered it on THUR and received the horn the very next day, FRI. Double boxed and packed appropriately this horn arrived safely. When my son came home and noticed his surprise waiting for him he happily put his mouthpiece on it and started ripping off a few notes and chuckled and said this is it....this is the best trumpet I have ever played! He said mom & dad...this is like Christmas! Thank you Kessler & Son's Music Store, mission accomplished. Ted V.
