4	I bought the Groupon a few weeks ago and used it today and am totally impressed! First of all, the owner Greg is super nice and explained the whole process in detail since we were newbies. The store and food stations are immaculate and the menu options they offer were delicious. Now, if you read my reviews you'll know I get excited over gluten free anything. Greg graciously answered all my questions about the ingredients and helped me work around the dishes that I couldn't eat. If you go early in the morning you'll less likely to run into any cross contamination issues with the ingredients, and you can even grab a clean measuring cup for each ingredient, so it keeps it to a minimum.I'm thrilled to have found Entrees to Go!
5	Had an excellent experience here prepping our meals there and one of the best things was how great the food is. In fact the reason I am here writing this is that I opened a package of food to cook and wow is it awesome! Greg was really helpful getting us shown around and getting things working. Great Job Greg!! Thanks for making our day.
4	I have a cooking problem- I can't do it. However, I loved coming to Entrees to Go to make our meals. My husband bought a Groupon for this place and we decided to try it out. It was a wonderful experience, and that means a lot coming from me since I am not a fan of cooking. I love the concept of Entrees to Go. You prepare your meal at this place and bring them home in a baggie.  Meals ready to cook and no mess in my kitchen = awesomeness! Everything you need to know to prepare your food is explained and if you have any questions they are answered immediately. The only downfall...The price w/o a Groupon is a little pricey. Three full size entrees (each entree serving 4-6) is regularly $80. It's great if you work full-time and don't have time to cook on your own but it's a little high for my pocketbook. However, if money wasn't a factor I would cook every meal at Entrees to Go. Loved it!
2	Let's get some clarification right now. This is NOT A COOKING CLASS, nor is it a place you can go to learn to cook. Instead, it is simply a place where they have a production line setup with various prepared ingredients and a few select recipes that change every month. You can go in there and "make dinner" for your family in their kitchen, and then take it home and cook it. Voila! A "home cooked" meal. For me, I was greatly disappointed that I basically learned nothing about cooking, and that I couldn't do anything on my own without the prepared ingredients and special process they use here. Plus, they simply sit you at a station and you do the steps noted in their recipe. While there is someone available to answer your questions, he or she is no "teacher" and you are not in a cooking class. Unfortunately, various coupon specials have referred to it that way.
4	The shop is in a great location and the staff is super friendly but one thing that struck me as soon as we walked through the door was that they needed help running the place. I saw the owner and an assistant running around terribly busy but it took 15 minutes for anyone to even look at us and say "hello, we will be right with you". We scheduled the class for 1pm but due to poor planning on their part we didn't actually start our recipes until 40 minutes after we arrived. Now having said that, I have to point out the food was delish and the experience for the most part was really enjoyable for us. The concept and food are great they just need some work on their system. Regardless of that issue, we would go back again :-)
1	Hope no one else prepaid for anything 'cause these guys are gone.Just found they were closed - They got us for $100.  Let's see if they do the right thing...
1	8 days later - 2 emails plus call to the number associated with their DNS - as the number on the website is disconnected. They're gone, and so is our money. For those who said nice things about the owner... well, let's just say Ive got a different perspective of him. We made an appointment twice, only to have it cancelled twice due to "staffing" issues. Then they were gone. Seems like a very dishonest person, he knew what he was doing, and I call it fraudulent.  I suspect he was dragging it out so that the charge would be in for a hard dispute with the credit card company.And this guy taught law enforcement over at University of Phoenix?
1	Update, never returned money or call.  Thanks Amex for doing the right thing!
