2	This store has such great potential operating on a business model like the one they have.  They say that they deliver Havertys quality furniture at Ashley Furniture prices, and on this point, they truly deliver.  They recently opened a few months ago in the highly competitive "furniture row" part of Pineville, right next to the Carolina Place Mall.  They have agreements with over 30 manufacturers (Jaipur Home, Fairmont Designs, Aspen Homes, etc.) and bring in a lot of stuff that you won't find at the big-box furniture stores; reclaimed wood furniture is a favorite of my wife and mine, and they have that here in abundance.  Unfortunately at this time, I can only give this place 2 stars.  The customer service my wife and I have received since purchasing an Aspen Home full bed room set has been less than stellar.  Here's the back-story:  We made the purchase on 8/10, and were told to expect delivery on 8/26.  8/25 rolls around, and we get a call informing us that our furniture is going to be delivered!  Oh, happy day.  We promptly call AmVets, telling them we have a sizable donation; our old bedroom furniture.  It has to be picked up today, because the new stuff is being moved in tomorrow.  AmVets is more than happy to oblige, and we are more than happy to give our old furniture to a good cause...everyone wins, right?  Wrong.  Savvy Spaces delivery people arrive; I've taken the day off of work, expecting to be moving furniture around and helping with the transition to the bedroom.  And the delivery guys show up with....a nightstand.  One ******* nightstand.  When asked where the rest of the furniture is, the guy says "hey, we are a third party delivery service...this was all they gave us."  So we called Savvy Spaces, and they turned around and blamed it on the manufacturer.  So we called the manufacturer, and they turned around and blamed it on Savvy Spaces.  Finger pointing all around.  Meanwhile, I'm trying to figure out...How the hell do you sleep on one nightstand?  My wife and I haven't figured it out yet, but the dog loves the fact that we are sleeping on a mattress and box springs sitting on the floor....he thinks we are camping!Fast-forward to today (9/23/2011)...we still have one nightstand sitting in our bedroom.  Almost a full month after delivery was promised.  Every time I call up to Savvy Spaces, I get more pissed.  They throw $100 credits at us in attempts to keep us from cancelling the entire order, but even with additional discounts, this is really getting to be more of a pain in the ass than it was worth.Stay tuned...more information as this saga progresses...but for now, a word of advice.  Don't shop in this store unless you can "Cash-And-Carry".  Trying to get this company to deliver on any of their promises apparently requires an act of congress.
1	I know I've been away for awhile, and that you all have been waiting with great anticipation for this update...I can now say officially, after FINALLY receiving all our furniture, this place deserves one star (if that).  Just a note; we also have been buying furniture from a place that is going out of business (Furniture Marketplace on Westinghouse Blvd.).  How can we be recieving stellar service, from sales point to delivery, from a place that is going out of business, when this newly opened store who presumably is trying to build a book of clients can't deliver a furniture order until a month and a half after promised delivery?Pass on this one...with all the great furniture shops in town and in west north carolina, why put up with this stuff?
1	We were quoted a 4 to 6 week delivery time on purchase. We are now into 9th week and still no delivery. Salesperson says he will "let us know" when he hears something. Hopefully we will get our purchased and paid for item soon...but we definitely will not buy from these guys again. If you can't deliver...don't offer it.
3	I wish I could give 2.5 stars to this place but I am settling on 3 based on our experience this past weekend.  The boyfriend and I were looking for some furniture and this store has eccentric items that really appealed to us.  We found and fell in love with a dining room table and ordered it.  No issues, it was reasonably priced and delivery estimate was on target.The two downfalls to this store for us were: 1) Christina the salesgirl (young blond and too much makeup) that sold us the table screwed up the delivery and was rude to us in the process of us trying to get it corrected.  When the table was in she said 'when would you like it delivered?' and we said 'As soon as possible!' and she said 'how about Saturday?' and we said 'Geez don't you have anything sooner?' and she said 'How about Friday?'.  Ummmm what the heck?  Why didn't you just offer Friday in the first place?  So when Friday came and went with no table - we called and she had scheduled it for the following Monday and did not tell us.  THEN when we were in there this past weekend looking for more interesting pieces for the new condo, we were working with a different fellow there and she had the audacity to tell us we had to work with her - we didn't have a choice.  ARE YOU KIDDING ME.  She was horrible and rude and thoughtless and we will never let her earn commission on us again.  We don't care about your dumb rules, you do not deserve credit if you are horrible just because we like the interesting furniture in the place.  2)  The larger furniture items are really eccentric and worth the money if you like that style.  But the smaller items like little tables, smaller pieces are WAY overpriced.  If I want a shabby-chic item I can go to Home Goods or TJ Maxx and get an item that is similar for a lot less.  Our most recent experience there will keep us coming back if we need anything - we worked with a sweet older guy who was super helpful and charming.  Love the different styles of furniture here and love the 'kids room' for moms and dads that need time to shop.
1	Delivery on purchased sofa quoted at 4-6 weeks....now going on the 13th week!! Its actually comical at this point...except they have my money and I have no furniture.
1	Buyer beware!  We ordered two pieces of furniture 10 weeks ago and still have not received them (the lead time was 4-6 weeks).  We've made several calls to the store to get the status and have been told each time the "Salesman is out and will call you back".  We have yet to receive a call from the salesman.The only call we've received was on July 4th to deliver furniture the next day, which was then cancelled by Savvy.  Terrible customer service!  I would not buy from them again under any circumstances.
4	Really interesting pieces you don't find anywhere else.  A bit pricey(especially on the smaller stuff and custom made items, Overstock has the exact stuff for half the cost) but overall I love going through here.  Bought a coffee table from them on a cash and carry basis and Brent, the salesperson I worked with, was super helpful but did not hover.  Knocked a star off for the delivery options.  We were told it would be delivered Tuesday, then when we called to see about it they said Friday because of the DNC.  Huh?  I'm nowhere near Uptown.
1	This place has some really cool pieces, but I think that the few times I thought that I went to check this place out was a waste of my time. The staff ignored me as if I counldn't afford there furniture and/or accessories or I wasn't worth there time. Luckily I am pretty patient and I let that stuff go...all the way to Ashley Furniture! bahahahaa!!! I see why they are going out of business, they are extremely overpriced and very pretentious. Good luck selling all of your left over inventory. -SK
