3	So my wife and I are on the road house hunting and it is hot and we are getting hungry and want something cold to drink and a bite to eat. There in front of us is a tavern... Bilbo's Bar and Grill, and in we go.This is a pub loosely based on an Irish pub, but more like most other Las Vegas taverns you will find. There was some sunlight streaming in around the dining room and the typical darkened area around the bar. At this time of day (about 1:00pm) the place is pretty empty, but we sat down and were soon greeted by a casual server with a smile and some menus. Before long we had our cold Ice Teas (nothing special but nice and cold) and were browsing the menu. It is obvious this is your average bar fare just kicked up with an Americanized Irish flare.Kicked up with an Americanized Irish flare adding cabbage, corned beef and such to the dish. In some cases this is good, in others this is just more food. I ordered the Bilbo Burger, 1/2 lb patty (medium rare) bacon, corned beef, Swiss, and "onion petals" on a bun with garlic fries. As long as the burger is cooked correctly the thing here is "what's not to like"? It was tasty and satisfying and was exactly was described. My wife had the "San Franciscan" which was a turkey sandwich with bacon, Swiss and 1000 island dressing on sour dough. Again, very tasty and hit the spot in a "that's a no brainer" sort of way (could have used more turkey however). My side was that garlic fries. My wife said she could taste the garlic, I'm still searching. My wife got a side of Cole Slaw (creamy) that was probably made yesterday but was not wilted enough to dispose of.One thing about the food... Hair nets. I am balding and silver haired and my wife has long dark brown hair. The black hair on my pickle could not have come from us. Hair nets.I can see where this can be a cool locals hang at night and therefore let me say I think it is a cool place. The service was exceptional and when you are looking at an average establishment that is a deal maker.Thumbs up.
3	Nothing to catchy with this bar.  As with Las Vegas, there's a bar on every corner.  Nothing too stand-offish.  Just another mediocre bar & grill.
4	We used to go more often, when they had karaoke.
5	Me and my friends chill here twice a week. Nader is the best bartender around. Great music, lots of tv's, and great food. I LOVE this place
3	Decent, clean, food was good. I've only been here twice now, but it's good to know this joint is close to home should I just want to get out for a bit. Went with a girlfriend on a Friday night and it was quiet, but nice. No creepers bugging us. Returned on a Sunday after a funeral with a bunch of friends and we were able to all be seated together right away. Took a long time for everyone to get their food, but I guess 15 people is a lot to cook for all at once!
5	This place is a great place to hang out if you live in the area or are just passing thru.  The bar is clean and the staff is extremely friendly.  I have been coming here for the last year or so since I moved into the neighborhood and I have never had a bad experience.  The food is way above par as far as bar food goes, but the pricing is still comparative to most other bars in the area.
5	5 stars because they have the best pancakes. Fluffy and light. Good on the breakfast menu. Their ceasar chicken salad was yummy! The other foods on the menu are something in the range of deny's.
4	This is a nice little neighborhood bar.  Nothing fancy more or less your typical Las Vegas style bar. Since the smoking law changed I think they changed this from a bar and grille to just a bar. Don't go here for night life or gourmet food - just a place to have some bar food and some beers!There bar food is slightly above average.  They actually have a pretty good breakfast here.  I went here for The super bowl... errr... The Big Game... and they had dollar draft beers so I ain't gonna hate on that!  I did see some signs for happy hour specials...One major bonus is free shuffle board!  Damn I love shuffle board!  They have darts and pool tables too.  The darts looked like real darts - hahahahaha.  I guess when ever I see darts with sharp pointy tips; I just assume some drunk idiot will eventually let one fly out of control and stick a dart in someone's butt cheek!   (or maybe I just think that would super funny)... hmmm.Anyway - a bar with free shuffle board is 2 thumbs up!
2	One of these reviews said it was a loosely based Irish bar, wrong.  I talked my husband into taking me here for St. Patrick's Day for our green beer fix.  It was noon and there was no green beer to be had here.  There wasn't even a special menu of Irish food.  Just a typical bar with boring bar food.  We had a chicken quesadilla and french dip sandwiches.  While the appetizer was decent the french dip meat was super dry and chewy.The staff wasn't all that friendly either so I doubt I would return.  I don't mean to be rude but I could not get a smile from our server at all.  Since they didn't have green beer, the only thing they went out of their way was to offer another drink.  When we were waiting for our bill my husband has his card out ready to go.  The server dropped off the check without waiting to grab the card, so we had to wait again.  It was just a slip of paper not in a jacket so why not just wait two seconds for him to glance at it and grab the card at the same time and save a trip.  Pass.
5	Love this bar.. Nice staff good drinks and great food..
2	Debating to write a review about this one, but people has the right to know what other people think of the place.  Giving this a 2 star might be to generous. Located off Decatur and Ann in the corner of the Smith Parking lot, is a bar and grill called Bilbo's.  The place looks nice on the outside, it is decent on the inside.  But kind of felt a bit awkward coming in, since there was no one to really greet us and wasn't really much of a sign to either wait, or take our own seats.  So we just sat to the closest table that was near the door.  The table itself was kind of sticky, I was contemplating to move to the table next to us but didn't want to be rude.  The waitress finally came over after a long while, to give us a menu, which there was very little to choose from.  The wife and I, mainly had the same thing and thought the food was at least edible.  Wasn't great, but edible enough to eat.  Refills on drinks were slow as well.  What kind of got me is that, the place wasn't as busy and it took a long time to be checked upon.  Mainly, if it takes more than 15 minutes to check up on some people, that's way to long I believe.  I can probably understand if they're busy, but 2-3 people in the bar, 2 other couples at the booth.  Shouldn't take a waitress long to check on people.  I'm sure it may be lack of staffing and other situations, but lack of customer service doesn't help the business.  Overall, I probably wouldn't come here again, but if you end up going, it's probably good for beers at the bar, where there should be some one there majority of the time.  I wouldn't suggest to eat there cause it looks like they don't clean their tables very well.  But if you really have no other choice, don't expect much from it.
