5	The only place for me to make color print. Don't have color printer in house. So glad that they have great laser color copier that can take care of my color printing need in matter of minutes. Got my mailbox over there with keys that I can access anytime. Family owned print shop. It's like family in the businesses. A place to chat with other local people. Actually meet other business owners there too. It may becomes a meetup place for local businesses someday. That will be nice. Isn't it?
5	What a small world. I was told by an art collector in Scottsdale AZ that I can get my expensive artworks ship in North Scottsdale AZ with custome crating and freight shipping at reasonable price, which you can't find anywhere with other big shipping center. So I decided to drive miles from S. Chandler up to PostNet in N. Scottsdale to see it myself. In turns out they are owned by the brothers of this PostNet. No wonder they offer the same great quality services. You can see my other review about the N. Scottsdale PostNet, but I am glad that I have both trusted locations to get my shipment done right.
5	They are great! Can I get any clearer. Their  customer service is top notch, prices are honest and they want to be helpful and have a good relationship with their customers... wow. In 2008, when I moved here from NY, I opened a po box for a year and was in there almost every week, since I have opened a small business and moved to N PHX. Recently I had a last minute trade show to do and needed a sign, nothing fancy, just the name of my business and some graphics b&w. Well, no one up here could do it and if they could it would be crazy expensive. I called Tim and he was great and worked with me to get it done. What a life saver for me. That is the difference between great customer service and everyone else who could not be bother with my little project. Now I have it setup and can get another printed anytime and even shipped up here and save the 80 mile trip. Now I will not even call around for quotes anymore, I'll just call them. Thanks again.
5	Awesome place! Had an OLD file on Microsoft works! And they were able to print it and very well priced.
