5	Rented a 14' truck and tow dolly from this location last month when I moved from Phoenix to Austin and received phenomenal service from the manager, Mr. Chris West. He was quick, courteous and hilarious. Seriously, this guy should be on like Comedy Central Presents or something.. that show's still on, isn't it? I don't don't know, haven't had cable in years. But it used to be funny - and this guy was funny.Thank you, Chris. It had been a long stressful day already when I came in to pick up the truck and you made me smile. Thanks for the extra miles. And thanks for your assistance with the tow dolly. Your patience must have been wearing thin by the third time we came back with questions, but if it was, you didn't let it show. We made it ok, in case you were wondering. It was a long F'n drive, but we made it. Tell you what though, the location where we dropped off the truck in Austin - they were complete dickheads. But that's another review..
5	I got a U Box here at this store and the folks here were always very attentive and polite.  I was moving from Phoenix to FL and opted to fill the U Box on their lot instead of towing it to our apartment.  It took us about 2 weeks and 6 visits to fill the container by driving our belongings to the U Box. It was placed in the back of their lot under a covered area with other U Boxes.  Each time we needed access to it, we just called to ask to have it pulled out.  When we finished for the day, they placed it with the door against other U Boxes to keep it safe since the covered area wasn't secured (besides fencing).  I felt pretty safe here and had no issues.  The folks here were very quick to get the box out when I called and they put it away when we were finished.  We found the U Box to be the most inexpensive way to move across country, so far.  The total was around $1400 for delivery to the nearest U Haul in our new FL location.  An extra $140 or so to have it delivered from there to the house if we want, but we haven't decided on that yet.  Bottom line on the Indian School and 26th St. U Haul location: Excellent service, safe location and easy access from 7am to 7pm.
4	Recently I rented from this location of U Haul.  There was some confusion among the employees as to what vehicles have what kind of ramps, meaning I had to return a vehicle for another, so can't give them five stars as a whole.  I do want to give Sean McGiven, the mgr,  five stars for his part.  He went out of his way to make it a great experience for me, not charging me for something that had to be done when he had every right to do so.  Thank you, Mr. McGiven.  Would I go back to this location, definitely.  They may not be perfect when it comes to staff, but the manager makes it worthwhile to do so.  He's working at correcting the little mistakes that can happen.  I don't think it is out of line to double check that the equipment you need-special type of ramp, in my case-is on what you rent before you take it out..
4	I've had a great experience with this location many times over the years.For charity events I work with, I have rented both trucks and cargo trailers. For my own moves, I have rented cargo and utility trailers.I've also purchased wares from the front office. (Boxes, tape, tie downs, etc.)Prices are fair, service is quick and friendly, employees are professional and knowledgeable.
