4	I should preface this by saying I'm not a chocolate fan at all.  Not one iota.  Not even a smidge.  However, I understand the importance of chocolate in the world...especially when it comes to friends of the xx chromosome makeup.  For this reason, I find myself in Godiva from time to time and always really enjoy the experience.First of all, the staff at this location is always very friendly.  Because my love of chocolate doesnt run deep, I lean on them for suggestions and ideas and they always are welcoming and thoughtful.  Secondly, they always have a plethora of free samples which is great for anyone else who might visit the store.  On a side note, how come things I love like beer or cheeseburgers are never free samples?  The world is a cruel place sometimes.  Lastly, the prices are very reasonable for a higher end chocolate shop.  There always seems to be products on sale or clearance too.  They also do a blended chocolate drink that seems very popular. Overall, Godiva is a go to gift mecca for me.  Plus if Ive got a hot date (I cant remember the last time actually I did) you leave the store smelling like fancy chocolates, is their a more seductive cologne than that?????
3	I love their new addition! Truffle pops are an adorable gift idea. Although, it needs a better holder that can stand a little more against heat, especially if you are this Las Vegas location. Simply packaging it in a small white sandwich bag is not enough to protect the delicate chocolate treats. While driving home, my six pops decided to melt altogether and become one piece. So much for my gift idea to my nieces. Our AC was on full blast and somehow the pops still melted.  Plus, I've received a gift box from Godiva itself all the way from the east coast and everything was perfectly in tact.
4	Must haves: Milk Chocolate covered Coconut MacaroonsRaspberry Truffles
5	I won't go into depth on how great the Chocolate was you all know how that is so just enjoy this personal story on how great the employees are that work here: My friends came out here last month for vacation and his wife was at least 4 months pregnant and I was very impressed that she walked around the entire week with us and never complained once about being tired. We were walking around when she mentioned that she had a craving for Chocolate covered blueberries and Raspberries.  I've never heard of those but I know better than to argue with a pregnant woman and food cravings so when I saw this store I stopped in and asked if I could pay extra for them to dip some blueberries and Raspberries in to Chocolate for a pregnant lady with cravings. I'm sorry I forgot your name but you are by far the nicest person in the world as she instant stopped making the chocolate dish she was working on and personally hand dipped the berries for me and even made a chocolate layered basket for them to rest in. When she was done I offered her a large tip on top of paying for the masterpiece she made us. She refused the tip saying she respected any woman crazy enough to visit Vegas during the hottest part of the year during one of the hottest summers on record.
5	The chocolate in this store is to die for. I had a setup date before and the guy brought me some Godiva chocolate...needless to say, he won big score.I always have to have the dark chocolate decadence.  It's a chocolate smoothly with chocolate bits that make me want to come in every time I pass by the store.  Watch out, it's addictive.Highly recommend this store.  If you sign up with your email address, you'll get a free truffle once a month.
4	I am not a big chocolate person, so when my mom suggested we get some chocolate covered strawberries from Godiva, I was less enthusiastic than she thought I would be. But as soon as we walked in, I changed my mind. They make all their chocolate treats look so good, it's kind of hard to refuse.We were here on Christmas Day, so needless to say, it was packed, both inside and outside the store. It doesn't help that this location is right next to the gondola rides in the canal at the Venetian, which makes it even more crowded in that area. There was a guy dipping strawberries in chocolate to put in the window for display, and since he was the closest one to us, we asked him for help. He was super nice and helped us get our strawberries and get through the line to pay for them with little pain. I thought that we were going to spend at least ten minutes waiting in line, but thanks to his help, we were in and out within five minutes.tl;dr: Excellent customer service and of course, delicious chocolate.
4	Fresh chocolate dipped strawberries & delicious dark chocolate truffles :)Definitely a great location indoors of the Venetian located at the front of the Gondola ride.
1	This review is purely based on the service I received. I went in wanting to buy chocolate strawberries. As I was picking out the ones I wanted I saw a tray of chocolate strawberries behind the display case that looked like they weren't good enough to sell and asked what those were for and the employee said we aren't worried about those right now. Then I said you are probably going to throw those out and he said definitely. I asked if I could try a dark chocolate one and he laughed and said absolutely not they are way too expensive. This comment boggled my mind! Basically saying the chocolate strawberries are better off in the trash than giving one to a paying customer. I put my chocolate strawberries back down and left. I will never give my money to a business or a person that has no common sense.
4	Came in for the free sample truffle.  Staff were super friendly and as always the chocolate put a smile on the kid's face.  :)
5	I love chocolate so naturally I had to visit Godiva! Fist sized chocolate covered strawberries and the best truffles in Earth!
5	Dipping strawberries is definitely an art ;)Victoria was the one who made my white chocolate stawberries, and man, did my mouth get a sensation! Hahaha.The employees in Godiva at the time (~3:15pm, New Years) is also a lively and joyful staff!
5	Bought some hand-dipped chocolate covered strawberries that were made on the spot. Victoria, the chocolatier, makes the best dipped strawberries hands down. Best service and experience and would definitely stop by again!
