3	3.5 stars. The Sky Rocket is Kennywood's newest (2010) rollercoaster. Unlike most coasters which use a traditional chain and lift hill, the Sky Rocket is a launch coaster. Kennywood previously had a launch coaster, the Laser Loop, which used a catapult-like hydraulic launch. Unlike the Laser Loop, the Sky Rocket uses a synchronized magnetic induction to launch its trains up to full speed. The ride begins by leaving the station, making a U turn, and then launching itself down a straightaway, shooting straight up a top hat tower, lingering for a nanosecond, and freefalling 90 degrees down the other side. It then goes into an inverted top hat, then some corkscrews, another drop, a barrel roll, then a few wave turns and finally some bunny hops. Designing the Sky Rocket presented Kennywood with a few unique problems. Kennywood needed a new ride, but had very limited space in which to build one. It shows what you can accomplish when you don't have a lot of room. Unfortunately, it also shows what you have to do when you don't have a lot of room. The duration of the ride is very short--a little over a minute long. The Sky Rocket also has another problem, about 200 miles to the northwest in Sandusky, OH. Cedar Point also has a launch coaster, the Maverick. Unfortunately, everything the Sky Rocket does, the Maverick does better. For example, whereas the Sky Rocket launches on a straightaway, the Maverick launches up hill. The Sky Rocket launches once; the Maverick has a second launch inside a tunnel. Still, to judge the Sky Rocket on its own merits, its a fun ride. Worth checking out if you're at Kennywood.
4	I was excited to finally get to ride the "new" coaster.  So much I didn't mind waiting in the long line for it.I'm not going to use any terms that the previous reviewer used because I have no idea what they are talking about.  All I need to know is that you go fast, up a hill and around a bend.  And to write about another amusement park during a post for beloved Kennywood, I will not do.  Forget about other places when you read this.  Know that Kennywood has an amazing new, fast, reliable roller coaster.  Yes, the duration of the ride is short, but it is well worth it.  I firmly believe you can gage how good a roller coaster is going to be by the size of the line you have to wait in.  Therefore this is a 4 out of 5 stars.
4	I like this new ride..twist and turns not to mention that butterfly feeling in your stomach..I just wish it was longer and that the carts had more room..my feet get stuck sometimes and the seats aren't comfySo when you first leave the gate the you go down this U-turn bed then go from 0 to 60 in like 3 seconds. As your on your way up the 90 degree hill right before it bends back down, you get that stomach churning butterfly feeling like you can't breathe. It forces me to yell for some reason which i don't understand but kinda enjoy!! I then winds into a bunch of loops and spins and rolls, too many to count if you ask me. They take a picture of you right towards the end but i feel it 's in the wrong place.The ride is pretty fun with all the gut wrenching turns that make it completely different from the other coasters but none the less that change makes it worth riding. Kenny wood is an old school park but rides like this and the exterminator give it a more modern feel. The only thing i hate is that the ride is so short and the line is sooooo long. Even with two cars going the wait can still be up to an hour...BLAH!! If it's hot i suggest waiting til the evening to ride this one or loose 3 lbs sweating in line. Either way it's a quick but fun experience.
