5	For ten years we have been waiting to afford a patio cover and it was surely worth the wait.  Ben our salesman was very informative, patient, and did not use any typical "hard sale" tactics.  Installation was done by Dez, and the son of the owner John.  Again they too were very courteous and patient.  After two days we had our dream patio which we enjoy everyday!  Of course we compared prices and we paid less than we would have with another installer.  Thanks again Ben, Dez and John.  We appreciate all they hard work you did  for our family.
5	We ordered rain gutters from Ben Rutan.  They were installed in a shorter period of time than was promised.  The crew were very professional.  The gutters look great and work great!
5	Arizona Sun Control installed a beautiful alumawood pergola for us. They did a fantastic job with the installation and clean up. Thanks for another job well done!
1	Don't waste your time with AZ Sun Control Products. I asked this company three times for an estimate and each time Ben said he would get back to me. As a  matter of fact, he had me measure the job (they didn't have the time to come to my house) and I texted him the measurements. So he said he was working the quote and would get back to me. After a two days I asked for an update, and he said he would get it to me that evening. A week later, the same thing.  If you don't want the job, have the integrity to say so. Please don't waste people's time. Good riddance.
1	Don't waste your time with AZ Sun Control Products. I asked this company three times for an estimate and each time *** said he would get back to me. As a matter of fact, he had me measure the job (they didn't have the time to come to my house) and I texted him the measurements. So he said he was working the quote and would get back to me. After a two days I asked for an update, and he said he would get it to me that evening. A week later, the same thing. If you don't want the job, have the integrity to say so. Please don't waste people's time. Good riddance.
5	I had them come out to give me a price for replacement sunscreens.  My intention was to get a quote for just re-screening them.  My old ones were over 20 years old.  The rep was on time and took measurements then gave me two prices....one for re-screening them with the existing frames and the other with total replacement.  I couldn't believe how reasonable the price was for brand new top "90" screens, so I chose total replacement.  The other quote I received from another company was way higher for the same materials.  They were ready in two weeks and I'm thrilled with the job and installation.  Perfect fit and look beautiful.  The installer was right on time. Good communication with letting me know a time and day for  installation.  I can't believe the drop in temperature in the rooms of my south and west facing windows!
