4	Excellent Northern Indian cuisine. They serve many of the typical entrees expected but with a different twist, yielding dishes that are rich and somehow more flavorful. There is a distinct quality to their food that puts them above many restaurants with the same items. Portions are hearty and have the option of small and large sizes for entrees and prices are more reasonable than average. Main dishes come with rice.The restaurant is mostly for carry out and delivery with just a few tables and chairs available. Located conveniently near the CMU and Pitt campuses, their entrees are worth the walk over to try out.
5	I have had a fantastic experience with Desi Moorgi (which translates basically as Indian Chicken).  Please note, Desi Moorgi is a carryout/takeout place for the most part, there are one or two small tables available but this is all about great food to go.  Also, I just want to make it clear that my experience was a "big" one, not just a wrap and a drink to go.  I ordered a number of appetizers and parathas (a type of flaky Indian flatbread) from Jeet at Desi Moorgi for a party with about 70 people.  Everything that they prepared was brilliant.  We ordered some chicken kebabs (minced chicken patties with herbs and spices garnished with onions and peppers).  These kebabs were a big hit.  We also asked for some chicken tikka rolls (totally fantastic, each individually wrapped--think mini Indian burrito).  Desi Moorgi also made some fantastic vegetarian paneer (farmers cheese) rolls (think mini Indian taquitos).  Desi Moorgi provided some Parathas to be served with entrees that we prepared ourselves, the parathas were well prepared and perfectly packaged.  I am very very happy with my experience with Desi Moorgi.  I sampled other things from Desi Moorgi before placing my big order.  Their Chicken Tikka is also fantastic, and they have some awesome other wraps that are absolutely fantastic.  On top of all of this is a really great owner proprietor.  Attitude and service go a long way.  Sincerity and a smile can not be imitated.  I like this place, and I hope that you will try it--for selfish reasons.  As long as they are successful and do a good book of business, I will have a great go to place for takeout Indian food.
2	The meal came with samosas which were not on the menu, but really, really tasty.  You get one with each meal as well as a small salad. The samosa was the best part of the meal by far. The meal size is nice for the amount you pay and very reasonable (not a lot, but not nothing either).  But the food is just incredibly bland.  Making something spicy-hot won't cover the fact that the spice blends that should be there just aren't (or if they are, they just don't pop).We got delivery and we won't eat from here again.
