5	This place opened up near my house and I had to give them a try.  After years of going to Great Clips I needed a real haircut.  I've been there several times now and it just keeps getting better.When you walk in, the place has a great feel to it with stylish work stations, music posters plastered over the walls and music blasting away.  One of the first questions they ask after sitting you down is if you have a music preference so they can put it in the rotation.The haircut itself was well done, my hair is pretty easy to cut.  What I like is the extra care.  They offer to trim my goatee with every haircut, they use a straight razor to clean up the sideburns and neck area using warm shaving cream.  Then use a hot, steamy towel to clean up and massage the shaved areas.  Every haircut is finished off with a 5 minute shoulder and neck massage.I've never had a bad cut, or poor service here.  Everyone is great, friendly and fun.  The prices are a little high in my opinion but I think it's worth it for all the extra attention.
5	Holy crap I love this place!  I went in for my haircut today for the usual awesome deal and they asked if I wanted a shave today too.  I didn't know they offered a full straight razor shave so I decided to go for it.It was awesome!  Great shave, facial massage, hot steamy towels, scalp massage.....seriously the most relaxing thing I could have done.   It made my day!  I feel great!
1	Well, I have to say, as a woman. Not impressed.... I went to this "barbershop" which should've clued me in, for the services I was going to be receiving... I work with someones daughter who is the front desk girl, who was really nice, and had suggested this stylist. They gave me a half off coupon (i hate that word) and one for a free haircut. So I was like, sweet, I'll try it, why not?  Well needless to say, it STILL cost me over $75... That's before tip...The stylist that they had suggested was really nice. I was told she was very experienced and had done many hair shows before, so maybe I was expecting to much. Like I said, she was very nice, and when I told her  what haircut I wanted and how I wanted my hair dyed I thought I was in good hands. I usually do an a-frame with blonde highlights. Since I'm going on va-ca I wanted to spice it up a bit. So I asked for a few pink streaks. Needless to say, the 3+ hrs I spent there was a total waste of time! When she put the blonde on my hair I sat there, not under a dryer because of course they didn't have one, for almost 2 hrs! By the time it was done, my hair didn't look like it had been touched! The pink pieces were ok, it just kind of got on other pieces of hair. It was really sloppy. The haircut was just your run of the mill basic cost cutters. Nothing special. Kinda choppy. When I left my hair was still wet, and not styled. When I got home and actually dried and straightened my hair, I was so mad! My gf suggested I call back and see if they could fix it. SO I called the next day and the phone rang and rang and rang. It went to voicemail. SO I left a message. I never got a call back, so I called back a couple hours later. When I called back I talked to the stylist and she told me that she had put the blonde highlights in and I could come back for more if I liked. I asked her how much it would be (mistakenly thinking she would fix for free since I sat there for 2 hrs for NOTHING) and she said it would be $55 and since I was just there, they would give me half off again. Needless to say, I didn't schedule. I rather put my money to someone who is willing to keep my business.
4	20$ for a haircut seems a bit much for a cheap trim up but its worth it with friendly service and cool atmosphere. Never rushed and a quick machine massage at the end. Don't go there every time I need a buzz but I do on occasion when I don't want to be rushed. Area of Improvement: The art and TVs should not stop at waist level since you are facing down most of the time.
5	Floyd's 99 at Thunderbird is gone!  I guess it's time to give the Unibomber look another chance until I find a new barbershop as cool as Floyd's.
