5	I was not that familiar with Carribbean cuisine before my visit to this friendly and unpretentious spot near my friends house in Mile End.  The chic pea and potato curry roti was a splendid hang over cure that blew my palate away, and sent me into a deep mid afternoon nap.  I could tell that this would be my spot if i were to live in Montreal.  From price to taste to the kind owner, i'll be sure to stop by here one more time before i leave town.
5	This is one of the very few places in Montreal that serves up Peanut Punch, a Trinidadian specialty which is basically like Peanut Butter Milk (as opposed to Chocolate Milk). Yes, it's exactly as yummy as it sounds!As other posters have indicated, chickpea rolls, pumpkin curry, chapatis, potato roti, and the owner is exceptionally nice and friendly. Just go already.
4	This is the St Laurent location of the family owned and operated Jardin Du Cari. Same bare bones decor as the rest, with maps and posters pinned to the walls, same delicious roti with pumpkin. The veggie roti with pumpkin is one of my favourite inexpensive comfort foods in town, I pick it up for dinner about once per week, and I get the man the goat. Make sure you get the hot sauce that usually comes with, and make sure you're a bit careful with it. I love spicey and am always tempted to slather this stuff everywhere because it's deliciously mangoy and lemony but it's also badass burn your insides hot. The perfect antidote if you've had too much of the hot sauce is the peanut punch, creamy and not too sweet or peanut buttery. Like an inexplicable number of places in the area, Jardin du Cari is closed on Mondays.
4	Jardin du Cari used to be be located on St Viateur where Comptoir 21 takes up space. The rotis are great - the pastry wrap is both moist and flaky and light in just the right way, and the addition of pumpkin to the filling is sublime. I usually wash down with a grapefruit Ting drink. Great for a winter lunch or dinner.
4	Chickpea and potato rotis, hold the pumpkin please.  This simple, comforting caribbean 'burrito' is on my top 10 list of most-craved montreal foods.  This rotis is so consistently delicious that I've never ventured to try anything else on the menu.  The vibe in the restaurant is relaxed and quiet, if not a bit somber, but it does allow me to pig out on my dish in peace, so no complaints here. oh and pass the hot sauce please!
4	You know what? I changed my mind, don't hold the pumpkin. Bring on the pumpkin! Bring! Bring!
