5	I bought a ring from this company a while ago and it came perfect. I was also given one that was purchased from this company. The engravings were right and looked exactly like the samples on the website. They give you options for the finish, thickness, size, and width...so it's pretty much custom made, aside from the free engraving you can request. I just ordered another one last night. Shipping is also fairly quick if you live in Toronto.Oh and, I can't say that the rings are sturdy and will not break if you do extreme things to it because...well, I haven't tried doing anything extreme to it. But it should be titanium since it's a lot lighter than my stainless steel rings.
5	The one I ordered the night before I wrote my review on titanium era wasn't received as promptly as the other ones. Two weeks went by and I figured something might be wrong and contacted them from their website to let them know I haven't received my ring. I received an email back soon after explaining that they will send me another one if I don't receive it by tomorrow. I don't know what happened, but I guess the postal office messed up. My ring was delivered into my mailbox the next day. :oI liked the fact that they replied promptly, found the ring in the postal system, and promised to send another one if I still don't receive the ring the next day. :D
1	If I could give these people less than 1 star I would. I ordered two bands from them with a six day shipping turnaround. These were simple bands with no customization other than engraving. I paid by credit card at the time of order.A week later the bands are still not shipped. I tried for two days to get someone to return a phone call - to no avail. I left two phone messages with a contact number. No one ever returned a phone call.Yesterday I finally got ahold of a human. The young lady, rather argumentative, told me that there was a delay in shipping and that my tracking number would definitely work today as they were going out last night. Well, today the tracking number doesn't work and we are playing phone tag again.This company is the worst. If they would spend half as much on customer service as they do on web ads, they might be better. Stay away. Do NOT shop here.
1	Horrible! Seriously... be warned! I would also give them zero stars if it was possible.We ordered our wedding bands on October 9th. We received an email letting us know they were in production on October 10th and were so excited about how fast the process was going. That was the end of that!We haven't heard boo from them since. I called every day, literally every day, for the 2 weeks before our wedding. Wedding came and went. Honeymoon came and went. We still don't have our wedding bands and have still not gotten a phone call or an email from them. We even had a French speaking friend contact them in case they were more comfortable speaking French. Now our credit card company is working on reversing the charges so that we can take our business elsewhere.Do not risk not having your rings by the time you need them by ordering from these people.
1	An update to my previous review: I just got word from our credit card company that our dispute against Titanium Era has been closed and that we got our money back. Apparently they had the same experience of them not returning calls. So, if you are experiencing any difficulty getting your rings, get your bank or credit card company  involved and you may have the same closure that we've gotten. Moving on...
1	This used to be a great company, I don't know what happened.  We ordered our wedding rings from here 8 years ago and we love them.  However, September 2014 we sent them in for a re-polish (something we've done 3 times in the past) and our rings are missing.  Nobody answers phones.  Nobody answers emails.  The only activity seems to be their facebook admin who has no issues deleting posts of people having issues, then banning those people.I don't know what happened, but this company is NOT reliable, cannot be contacted, and should be avoided at all costs.  Hurts me to say it, because the rings are pretty cool...
