1	While I acknowledge I got there at 5:05 am - 5 minutes after they were set to close, the complete lack of compassion of the people I encountered was quite surprising.  Here I am, 5 months pregnant with a sick toddler still in his PJs, in an obvious rush to make it in the doors by 5 a.m.  The lobby is completely empty and the front door unlocked when I arrive.  I hear someone in the back say "that's not someone new, is it?"  and another voice responded "no, probably just someone leaving."  Next thing I know I see the people who own the voices I heard - one looks like one of the doctors or nurses and the other like the person who runs the front desk area.  All I get is "sorry, we're closed."  With the fact that I didn't make it in time sinking in, near tears (I blame the pregnancy hormones) I explain that I had a difficult time finding them in the strip mall where they are located and got stuck at a light.  This time I get one word - "sorry."  I look up to see faces of stone.  Nothing.  Neither of the ladies offered any suggestion on where else I might be able to take my sick child to be seen by a doctor, which we were obviously in need of since we'd come to their urgent care for that very reason.   I say, "you guys don't open again until 9 pm, right?"  I get a short reply, "5 pm."  I then ask if they know when Phoenix Children's urgent care opens.  Absolute silence.  I know this is technically a competitor, but if you care about kids, wouldn't you want to ensure a sick child gets the care he needs irrespective of whether it comes from your company or another?  I was so frustrated when I left that I did  start to cry a bit as I buckled my son back into his car seat and made my way home to wait the 7 hours until the next pediatric urgent care opened.  On the drive home I tried to see the positive side of my encounter- maybe it was a good thing that we were too late to be seen since I wouldn't want such uncaring people to treat my son anyway.
4	The previous review from 2/19/11 admittedly makes this place look absolutely ghastly.  If we had an experience like that, my rating would have been the same.  Of course, considering that the reviewer has no friends and only this solitary review, I wonder why it was allowed to stay up and hundreds of others that I've seen like it have been filtered. . .  Our experience of Good Night Pediatrics was quite good.  We went there because we suspected that our daughter was coming down with the chicken pox.  The place was empty when we arrived, and we got to see a doctor in only about 10 minutes or so.  No problems, no worries, and thankfully, no chicken pox.  The service was fine all around and the facility was clean and well-maintained.  Considering that our daughter is about to turn 12, it is unlikely that we are going to be coming here much in the future.  This one experience, however, left us with a good impression.  Recommended.
1	DO NOT GO THERE...GO TO TO AN ER OR THE URGENT CARE JUST 3 BLOCKS NORTH of them.  The actual MD's are OK for basic stuff but are questionable on other things.  Their OFFICE STAFF ARE RUDE AS HECK!!!  Not helpful, really pushy, and think their XSHTX doesn't stink because they are on power trips.  Do not give these guys any of your hard earned $$$ unless you are in a super bindIf you are the owner of this practice, please fire all of your office staff in Gilbert and you may make it in business before you guys lose all your customers.  Hire some people that care about children and the parents that are working so hard to make the kids comfortable while we wait for up to 2 hours sometimes. your office staff don't care about the children and give parents a hard time.
1	Don't go!!!!! 3 plus hour wait and still waiting. Poor service just apologies and all I hear from those coming out after seeing the doctor is complaints of crazy wait times. Go to the ER instead.
4	I've been here twice, both times for when my son had a bad case of croup and could not breathe.Both times we were seen very fast and by a doctor who was nice and competent. Admittedly, croup is fairly easy to treat with the right steroid, so we were not a difficult case at all.But I can see why parents would be upset. If your child is having a problem at 2 a.m. and you need to go to urgent care, you are in full panic. You want your child seen immediately and every minute in the waiting room feels like an hour.The front staff is not warm and friendly. But I cut them some slack. They are up all night (any night job is awful) and all they deal with are panicked parents who are freaking out about their kids.What you really need to look at is the way this place operates. Is the wait time reasonable? Are the doctors good? Did they provide the right care?For me, the answers to all three have been yes. I don't really care one bit about the front staff. At 2 a.m., they were the least of my worries.
5	The staff was very at tentative toward us and our children.  We had to go after hours and actually had a very pleasant experience.   I would certainly recommend this urgent care for your child.
2	The only 24 hour pediatric urgent care in the east valley was Good Night Pediatrics was a definate plus. Other then that there's not anything too positive to say about the place. The guy at the front desk couldn't have been any ruder. He never even looked up at us. The doctor was ok I guess. I thought she was nice but my son was scared of her and she made no effort to ease his mind or calm him. She acted like I was a complete idiot or liar but did it with a smile. We didn't have to wait long to get put into a room and once in the room the doctor came right in.
2	I would say this place is probably OK if you have something pretty minor going on with your kid when other places are closed and just want a little peace of mind without a huge ER visit.But if you suspect anything serious, I would just go straight to the ER. I took my daughter in because I suspected that she fractured her arm. We didn't have to wait too long to be seen.They took x-rays and sure enough there was a fracture. They put her in a splint and told us we'd have to see someone to get a cast on Monday.So, the next morning, my daughter's fingers were swollen and she was complaining about tingling, which I read online needed to be seen by a doc right away to prevent possible permanent damage. This is usually due to increased swelling, but could also mean nerve damage.Since it's the weekend, and Good Night Pediatrics is closed during the day, we went to another urgent care. They referred us to Cardon Children's Medical Center in Mesa (which was wonderful- will be reviewing them next...)When the nurses at Cardon's ER took off the splint done by Good Night Pediatrics, they explained that the main issue was that the incorrect wrap was used. GNP used an ACE bandage-type wrap. The kind that sticks to itself. Well, apparently, that wrap gets tighter and tighter. That's why doctors will tell you to take it off after 20 minutes when they put it on your arm after a blood draw.Several other nurses who came in to see our daughter during the visit at Cardon remarked that they were surprised that that particular wrap was used too. Apparently, its common knowledge at other clinics that you're not supposed to use it for this. Would've been nice if they'd known that at Good Night Pediatrics...There was also another issue with the splint not being set at a 90 degree angle. Not as serious, but it made it impossible for my daughter's arm to be placed in the sling and it just should have been done correctly.The staff was nice enough. I didn't experience any of the rudeness other reviewers talked about. In fact the nurse who did my daughter's splint was a really nice, caring woman, unfortunately she just wasn't knowledgeable enough about what she was doing. Mistakes happen, but we could have avoided a costly trip to the ER if Good Night Pediatrics had done the splint correctly. I mean, its a pretty basic procedure. One of the nurses at the ER actually joked that we should send this place our medical bill : /
5	I really like this urgent care. The front desk staff is a little dry, but I've only had to sit in the waiting room for a few minutes each time. I love the doctors there, too. We have been there for strep tests, broken arms, and any other ailments we come across. I'm a repeat customer, and with a 2,3,4,7 and 9 year old, I can say that we will be back soon!
