1	Scam artists. They don't let parents post negative comments, they have a straw company handeling their student enrollment lottery so that they can meet the CCSD requirements without actually giving everyone a fair and equal chance to enroll (view their demographics), and they have a parent requirement to volunteer or donate money.  Any student that has parent involvement has better test scores because they are aware and on top of issues.
5	I have been involved in education in Clark County for 25 years in a variety of capacities.  This school is the most well run school that I have every experienced.  They are organized, excellent in coordinating communications with students, teachers and parents, and have above all, recruited an OUTSTANDING team of teachers who know how to individualize & inspire learning, and offer students respect and most of all, are able to honor student individuality.  My son came from five years of magnet school, two previous charter schools wherein he was bullied by student and teachers.  He was checked out of academics and had low self esteem.  After only one semester at this school, he is re-engaged in his education, oves learning again, is student body Treasurer and is excited about his future career.  I can not say enough about this school and the professionalism, exceptional efficiency and effectiveness offered to students and families in our community.  Bravo to Somerset leadership, faculty and staff!!!  After 13 years of parenting, it is a wonderful breath of fresh air!
1	My husband and I were referred here by an acquaintance.  When we entered the office, we were greeted with the warmth of an iceberg, with the front desk person not wanting to talk to us and telling us we could find all we need to know online on their site.  What a first impression.
1	The whole Somerset Academy system is very deceptive and unethical in their admissions policy.  They will lie to you about your child getting in, due to an incompetent admissions staff, and then do everything they can to not address and cover up for their lie.  Yes, their lie is documented in writing.The front desk can be down right aggressive towards parents of students, the other reviewer is correct.  You had better hope your child doesn't need extra help after school if they are struggling, because they don't offer it.
