5	Warm ambiance, authentic thai food
4	Warm ambiance authentic Thai food See review in the Gazette and the Montreal Mirror.
5	We had dinner here tonight and were not disappointed. The service was fast and courteous. I had a curried duck dish (the waiter's recommendation) and it was just terrific, probably some of the best Thai food we've ever had.
4	http://www.thestar.com/travel/northamerica/article/1155723--six-new-meals-in-montreal-the-food-lover-s-paradise
5	Best Thai in Montreal.  Great terrace, very good service and best of all it's delicious.  The beef salad and green curry are real standouts, though I've tried half the menu at this point and you can't go wrong.  Both soups are excellent and secretly suspect them of being medicinal.  I ate the soup and beef salad once in the midst of a terrible cold and was better 8 hours later.  THAT deserves 5 stars.
5	Galanga is my favourite lunch spot in Outremont and has some of the best Thai in the entire city. The terrasse is perfect in the summer, sitting under big huge trees offering just the right amount of shade. The service is fantastic, things have a nice spicy kick to them, they are happy to offer take out, they can substitute tofu into almost every dish and the prices and quantities are perfect. Oh, and the soup that comes with lunch, mmmmm so freaking yummy!
5	Ate excellent lunch: Masaman lamb curry, everything fresh, nice lingering hint of cinnamon, courteous helpful service. Everything about the place tasteful, from food to decor. We'll certainly be back.
3	I wouldn't go as far as saying it was the best thai experience as some users have mentioned- it's decent at best, but not spectacular. Quaint spot and friendly staff. Very pricy in comparison to other thai restos.
5	Celebrated my sister in law's birthday at this restaurant and I have to say this was the finest Asian meal I've ever enjoyed. Meal was served in timely, non-rushed manner. Food was perfectly cooked and delicious. The courses were served in such a way that we did not feel at all rushed, we talked and laughed through the night. Our party was at least 20 in number and we took up half the restaurant. Good memories, highly recommend!
5	Very authentic Asian Wonderful flavours and a nice variety of dishes that are fun to shareBe sure to reserve, the place has limited seating and is always busy
3	Galanga is more of an Asian-fusion spot rather than actual Thai restaurant.  We walked in expecting to see the regular stuff (e.g., Pad Se Euw, Pineapple Fried Rice), but we did not see anything familiar other than Pad Thai and this was only one of multiple disappointments in the night.  They first took extremely long with the food (about 40 minutes) before they went to check on our orders and discovered there was a mix-up.  The owner - or at least, who we perceived was the owner - was extremely apologetic and returned multiple times to check up on us.  Also, as additional consolation, they gave us 3 appetizers on the house: a shrimp appetizer, salmon tartare and vegetarian spring rolls.  Shrimp Appetizer: BSalmon Tartare: BShrimp Pad Thai: B+Tofu Phad pha ram kai: BThe decor is quite simple and mostly easy on the eyes.  I disagree with the current high rating and rate it a 3/5 at best; especially having eaten at many Thai restaurants throughout the East Coast (from FL all the way up through Canada).
5	It is HOT! This is the exclamation on our table when we tasted our main course!  Yes, the dishes of Galanga are spicy and flavourful, a treat for Thai food lovers.On a warm Saturday night we ended at Galanga's wonderful patio far away from the noisy F1 crowds. We ordered appetizers and their soup made with galanga (ginger like root as explained in the menu), all approved as delicious.  The restaurant offers a substitute veggie option for some of the dishes which is a wonderful idea. I chose the green curry with vegetables instead of chicken and it was perfect, a little bit above my tolerance for spiciness, but our waiter asked us if we are OK with spicy food and I said yes. Overall the dishes we had were rated five stars and it appears the mango sorbet is nice way to end up your dinner.Service was pretty decent for busy Saturday night, our only complaint is lack of napkins on the table, but our host brought them immediately when we asked. I need to come back as I didn't manage to try the ginger creme caramel. It is going to be soon!
4	I really did love this quaint Thai restaurant in the middle of Montreal! Was it everything the reviews said, and more? No. But I did love it! First order of business, this place wasn't authentic Thai by any means, it was more of an Asian fusion, with a few Thai dishes.I'll start by noting that the service was impeccable, and very helpful. Water glasses were taken care of, servers were polite, yet not intrusive. We went on a weekday, so it was a good place for quiet conversation. The music was nice and relaxing, and the atmosphere felt nice, and calm. I know that might be a weird thing to say, but often dinner is bustling and quick moving. It just felt like time had slowed down, and I could really enjoy my meal. We ordered these dishes: 1. Tom Yum Kha - Soup - was decent, was a little more watery than I would have liked. If they evaporated more water out of it, it would have given it a creamier taste. Have liked this soup better in other thai places honestly, but it was ok.2. Keang Mansaman Kea - Lamb stew in masaman curry with coconut milk, potatoes, carrots and peanuts - was good, the lamb wasn't as tender as I would have liked it, but the mansaman curry was tasty!3. Pad Thai - was good, again, the flavor was a little thin, watered down, not to perfection, but was decent nonetheless. Since I'm a little bit of a food snob, the dishes weren't to perfection, but good food nonetheless. If this is the best "thai" food Montreal has to offer, I'm gonna say, Montreal, WORK ON IT! For the food 3 stars, service and ambiance 5 stars, so overall, I'll give it a solid 4 star rating! Over and out!
4	I tried the Phad Thai and the Spicy Duck. Both were delicious. Really good food but really horrible service. Went there twice and we had to wait more than an hour for our main course. This would probably be my negative point. Very long service. Don't go there if you're starving, you might die of hunger.
5	Fantastic place with a relaxing atmosphere and music. I had the chicken with spicy peanut butter sauce and it was likely some of the best Thai food I've had between Mtl and TO. A hidden gem. Do it!
