4	Best gun shop I have been to in AZ!! Biggest selection and really good prices. Staff is very friendly and very helpful with an questions you may have.
5	These guys are awesome - friendly and helpful.  I was having some trouble with my Colt Woodsman the other day and even though they don't do traditional gunsmithing,  they fixed me up.  The charge - free!  Great customer service, great selection - I will definitely come back here for ammo and weapon purchases.
5	Really helpful and courteous employees;  answered all my questions regarding my firearm purchase. They get a nice selection of used weapons too.  Dave has always been helpful and patient with my questions. Want to get a full auto , silenced gun? They can help you! Oh yea,  they're at Scottsdale and Shea in Scottsdale,  not PV.
3	look this is an average gun store. I have probably bought 3 guns from this place but I usually buy them from their booth at the gun show. They have a descent selection to choose from but I wouldn't buy a knife or ammo from these guys(knives are so much cheaper online). The prices are average but you can find better prices if you call around also the store is kind of small and crowded.
2	I stopped into this shop the other day to inquire about the availability of a certain firearm. When I approached the salesman and asked if they carry it, he looked at me like I was retarded and said "I try not to carry any of that brand around there, they're just too low quality" and then stared at me with a smug look on his face. In an attempt to try and leverage his expertise in the area I asked if, since he clearly had a dislike for the brand i wanted, that he could suggest anything comparable in that size and caliber, he looked at me for a second and said "I think there's 1 that's similar, but not many people make guns like that, they're kind of rare". So to sum up my experience, not only was I treated with condescension for asking a simple question about a gun I was interested in, but the condescension was backed up with a lack of supporting argument to point me in a better direction. I get that these guys may be knowledgeable, and it may typically be a good shop to go to, but I know that they've lost any future business from myself because of the attitude of one of their staff members. There's too many other gun shops in this town to worry about dealing with rude salesman, so I will be taking my business elsewhere.
5	Nice guys. Fair prices. Didn't gouge me when ammo was low. Love their handguns here. Have bought a few guns here (H&K 9mm, Ruger Mark 111, shotgun). Most of all they are close to me and very  cool about FFL transfers of guns bought elsewhere.
2	Got to be honest here.  They have a good selection even in today's shortages and a knowledgeable staff to assist you.  BUT, after purchasing my new gun with them I revisited the store a week later to see if there was any accessories, ammo...etc I could purchase for my new gun.  I looked at a mounted tactical light I was interested in buying.   I asked the salesman to take it out of the box and place it on the same gun from the case.  He seemed a bit hesitant at first but agreed and even gave his opinion that it wasn't personally his choice of accessories for the weapon.  I agreed and we moved on to an alternative.  A hand held tactical light which I purchased.  The problem was that the price of the light was extremely marked up compared to  shops in Mesa and the Scottsdale Gun Club in N. Scottsdale. BY $50!!  When I realized I'd be taken, I called back to see if I could return or at least come to a compromise in price.  The guy on the phone told me there was nothing he could do for me.  The sale was final.Personally I don't mind paying a premium for a premium product as long as that product is sold in other retail stores for similar prices.  But give a loyal customer a break guys!  I won't come back after that experience and I'll send my clients elsewhere from now on.
1	Went in this afternoon to purchase a gun, left empty handed due to rude customer service. These reviews are pretty on point-- the sales guy was WAY impressed with himself. Dissapointing. They lost a sale because of him.
5	Sold my shotgun to them cause I was upgrading to a high quality gun. They were helpful honest and gave a fair price for it and recommended a few other firearms for me to check out. They know their stuff really well, even though they seem a little smug and that what they say is what it is correct even if you feel otherwise... Well they are right most of the time so I don't see an issue with that. Good selection and not bad prices for a specialty shop in North Scottsdale. I would recommend them.
4	Tucked away in the back of an old, outdoor shopping mall on the SE corner of  Shea & Scottsdale Rd, this gun shop is pretty cool.  We dropped in here to see what they had.  To my surprise, they're very competitively priced.  I saw an AK-style rifle for $559 and a Glock 19 for $499.   Exactly what I was looking for!The place was busy on the day we went, but the guys working there were very friendly and assisted us with our purchase.In addition to a nice selection of guns, they sell a large variety of accessories and ammo.   It's definitely worth dropping by if you're in the area and looking for guns or accessories.Return Factor - 90%
2	As most of these reviews have stated, if you don't have a lifetime subscription to guns and ammo or know the weight in ounces of a G30S, don't embarrass your self by asking a question. Better yet save yourself the time and don't walk through the door. These guys are jerks, they offer personal, not professional advice when you ask a question and proceed to tell you your wrong if you mention otherwise. I get it, the guy who works here with the holstered gun behind the counter knows more than me! So when I ask a question, I would expect a professional response, not well I've never liked that brand. There are many other firearms stores in the valley who are willing to build a solid customer base, this place isn't one of them.
4	Great little firearms store at Scottsdale and Shea. Much cheaper than Scottsdale Gun Club for ammunition as well as firearms. Plus they will wheel and deal with you especially on used guns.
4	I have been dealing with Bear Arms for about a decade and have purchased 20 or so firearms from them during that time. The store is small but they keep a good stock of an assortment of different firearms and given the size of the store they keep a fairly decent variety of assesories. They are the easiest I have ever dealt with when it comes to FFL transfers although they do charge a bit more for it but to me it is well worth the extra cost for the ease. The staff is knowledgeable but I have dealt with some that lack customer service skills and come off as smug but to be honest that is a common trait in most gun stores I have been to. I drive across town to go here and although I continue trying other shops closer to my home I keep coming back. As for pricing I have found it to be a mix bag. On somethings they are higher than other shops and on others they fit right inline but if you buy without doing your research then that is on you.
5	Extraordinarily kind and efficient.  They teach you as well as sell, if you require the help.I was so impressed !
5	I live around the corner from SGC, but will drive right by it to get to this great shop. Why? Customer service and taking the time to care about ALL customers. The manager says hello to everyone who walks in the door (male or female are treated equally--NICE!) and someone always takes the time to explain the purchase and never up-sell. Small and friendly is how to run a business! Avoid the flashy over-priced places and go to Bear Arms, you won't regret it.
5	This a 2 week late review but i wanted to leave one anyway. I came here to Bear Arms a couple weeks ago looking to buy a new gun. I was torn between to that i really liked so i stopped in here being that i was in north scottsdale anyway. This is an awesome place. The guys here are very cool and knowledgable. They made me feel comfortable and never pressured me once about making the purchase. I like that they were cool enough to shoot the shit with me and my brother in law about some of the special firearms they have in there. Needless to say i couldnt make my decision right away so i left and after deciding what i wanted to buy, i drove back all the way there from Westgate to make my purchase. They have the best prices and the coolest people working there. I will make my next purchase here again in a couple months.
5	Great selection and very knowledgeable and friendly staff.   Highly recommend.
5	Always fair prices, friendly service, and if they don't have it thy can get it with no shipping.  I have been shopping here for years and I'm always impressed with the high quality of service and expertise.
