5	This restaurant opened around the new year.  I had been waiting for it to open, as I wasn't happy with the other Thai restaurants in the area.  My fiance and I tried it 1/18/2009 for dinner and were completely amazed with the freshness, quality ingredients, and TLC each dish is given.  I have never before had Thai food like this--it was outsanding!  Soups are not made in large stock pots--but rather, your soup is made in a small pot JUST FOR YOU.  The freshness and quality ingredients were just excellent.  (We had tried the Tom Kha Gai soup,  Thai Basil Chicken and Panang Curry.  For dessert, we had the fried bananas and ice cream with jasmine tea.   We had 4 bottles of thai beer over dinner.  Everything was OUTSTANDING!  Price for all, with 20% tip, was $78).Service was very attentive and both owners struck up conversations with us to ensure we had a positive dining experience.  This restaurant is something special--with owners that are passionate about doing thai food properly.  The atmosphere is lovely and I KNOW that I'll be a regular from this point forward.
4	New restaraunt in Scottsdale ... tucked back off Scottsdale Road just south of Shea on the East side fo the road.  A little hard to find ... WELL worth the effort.  Moulay and his wife have worked to change what was previously an old golf shop into a stylish, modern place.  Comfortable and easy to relax here.  The food was GREAT.  Very fresh, unique flavor combinations and all selections well done, nicely presented and right sized portions.  Anyone liking great Thai food will LOVE this place.  When I asked for 8 out of 10 heat, I got exactly what I expected.  Moulay was in the restaraunt along with his wife and they talked freely with me about their concept in opening the restaraunt and what came through loud and clear was their commitment to making dishes fresh when they are ordered.  The concept is executed wonederfullyI would highly recommend Takeda Thai ... great price, excellent value and a meal you will enjoy and return for often.
5	I have revisited Takeda Thai about 5-6 times since my first visit about 6 weeks ago.  It is EVERY bit as good as the first visit!  The consistency of the high quality food has been very high with each subsequent visit.   That says a LOT, in my opinion, as every restaurant is capable of greatness once or twice--but to deliver excellence on EVERY visit is truly the sign of a restaurant who puts quality as both a passion and commitment.  I cannot get enough of their Tom Ka Gai soup.  It is addictively delicious!  The Thai Basil and Panang Curry are  just as amazing.  Add to this the owners' care for the customer, pleasant and upbeat attitudes, and clean, elegant/contemporary and fresh atmosphere--well, I am hooked for life!  There is a specialness about this place that can't be described in words.  You HAVE to try it.  Thanks Sara and Moulay for creating a welcoming restaurant that, in my opinion, hands-down serves the VERY BEST Thai food in the Valley of the Sun!
4	Takeda Thai is the best Thai food I have found in Scottsdale. The restaurant has a fantastic ambiance and the owners are both very friendly and attentive. They have a great variety of items on the menu and the dishes are very reasonably priced. The website www.takedathai.com has a coupon for 10% off your entire meal. Go there, eat, and enjoy!
4	Let me just add to the list of good reviews here...I've been to this place twice now and both times the experience has been great. The staff, 5 stars...ambiance gets 4.5 stars...and the food a solid 4. The food is tasty and worth coming back for. I think the dinner menu is a tad bit high compared to what I'm used to paying back in San Diego for the same quality. While the price is higher than what I'm used to, I think they are spot on for the area, so keep that in mind when reading my criticism on the matter. The lunch menu has some great specials on it though, so I would highly suggest checking that out if on a budget. Anyone on the search for a good Pad Thai should give this place a shot. I've tried several places since getting into Scottsdale and this is the best as of yet. I'll be making this place a regular destination.
4	So the first thing that strikes you when you walk in is that this is a beautiful restaurant. You can't help but be seduced.We were greeted warmly at the door, seated immediately and given water and menus promptly. Each of the staff came through and introduced themselves, our server Rebecca tells us this is a family operation and apparently so because her mother and step-father (guessing here but probably got enough info to make this accurate) eventually come through, introduce themselves, offer to help with menu selections and we all feel welcome and well attended.Food was very solid...rib appetizers, awesome. Green papaya salad was entirely tasty, but not spicy. Pad Thai and Thai Basil were not my choices but I certainly wasn't complaining either. Food was well prepared, pacing was perfect, rice was perfect.If I had one complaint, it's simply the prices which just seem to be more than I would have to spend elsewhere in a good Thai restaurant (though I'm not going to name any names for comparison). Price setting is a marketing decision that they have made and perhaps given their location, decor, quality of food, many will think their pricing is reasonable but I don't.Food, staff, experience all say 5 stars, pricing says no and that's my opinion.
5	I want to first say my girlfriend and I went to this restaurant because I know the owner Moulay. I also read the other Yelp comments beforehand so I was prepared. We both loved it. Food was excellent (I had the pad Thai and it was probably the best pad Thai I've ever had), the surroundings were great and the staff was very attentive. This would be a great place for a date.
3	I want to give this place 4 stars, but overall the food just wasn't 4 star caliber.  Started off with the crab fritter things and the tempura shrimp.  Neither were that good...the crab fritters were more or less just a really garlic-y creamy filled deep fried pocket and the the batter of the tempura shrimp was pretty oily and thick.  For the main courses I tried the pad thai, chicken panang, and the pepper garlic tofu.  The pad thai was typical but it was served with skinny noodles similar to spaghetti...personally I prefer the wider, almost a smaller fettuccine type noodle with pad thai.  The pepper garlic was pretty tasty and the veggies on that dish were the best part.  The most memorable part was the chicken panang.  Served with rice...it was rich and coconutty and really tasty.  Actually it could have been a little spicier, but it was definitely the best thing I had that night.The service was great and the restaurant had a great atmosphere.  The more I think about it, the main courses were a little bit above average taste wise, but I think the problem for me was that it was the most expensive Thai place I have been to.  You weren't really getting that much more for the higher price point.  However, I most likely will be back.
5	Stopped by here while passing through Phoenix based on the reviews here and elsewhere.Top-notch Thai food in a very elegant setting.   The owner/hosts couldn't have been more wonderful.
4	Finally a great Thai place in Scottsdale.Have tried most of the curries there but keep on coming back for Red Curry with soft tofu.It is top notch !!
5	Delicious food, extraordinary service, pristine/nice/casual environment.  I LOVE this place...the food, the owners, the staff, etc.  A+++ The only criticism is that the portions are somewhat small, especially the amount of protein/meat.  I think the shrimp should be a larger size too.I'd eat there any day though...can't get enough of the place!  I've only had dinner there, but I'd love to do lunch...your treat?!
3	Went with some friends last night after reading the rave reviews about it in the Phoenix Magazine. The decor is super cute from the outside and the inside. Our server was very nice and extremely helpful. The presentation of the food was really nice but the food was no better than other Thai food I have had. We started with the pot stickers. They were small but with six per the order, they were tasty. We ordered the green curry, yellow curry, Tom khai Gha soup, and the Pad See Ew noodles for dinner. All were good. I am not a huge spice person but I tasted no heat at level 2 and thought level 3 was too hot. But, it may just be me. We had fun and will most likely go back if we get a craving for Thai.
1	Don't be fooled by a pretty face. Every review I've read about Takeda Thai raves about the fancy facade and upscale interior of this small strip mall restaurant. I think belief is suspended at the door, as most reviewers go on to praise the food. Phoenix Magazine even rated it one of the 23 best new restaurants in its October issue. That actually is my reason for writing this entry - to give a dissenting view.For lunch today, we ordered pad thai ($7.95 from the lunch menu, $13.95 at dinner), garlic mini pork ribs ($10.95) and angel wings ($11.95) from the appetizer section.Our very nice waitress brought us two bowls of soup instead of the one we were entitled to. It was a mild chicken soup with a few vegetables and some tofu floating in it. OK, certainly not notable. Then the rest of the dishes came out. I was truly shocked by the plate of riblets. There were 6 tiny riblets on a bed of wilted lettuce. Remember, these cost $10.95!!! They had been fried to death and had no garlic taste. I looked closely at the lettuce and noticed a few bits of overly browned garlic sprinkled on it. These clearly had never touched the ribs. This was downright insulting. The portion size of the angel wings was somewhat better. Angel wings are large chicken wings which have been boned and stuffed with vegetables, minced chicken and glass noodles, then fried and sliced. Like the riblets, these had been overcooked and were totally dried out. The insipid "sweet and sour chili dip" tasted only of sugar, and dunking the slices of wing in it did not revive them. Somehow the "chef" even managed to turn out dry pad thai with a horrible fishy back taste. When our waitress came over and asked which was our favorite thing, the only answer I could give was "the service". Our cost, even with a 10% discount coupon, came to $40.I guess I could give the restaurant and its reviewers the benefit of the doubt and say that perhaps since it was lunch time a talented chef was not on duty. However, if that's the case, and no one better than the person who was in the kitchen could be found, then lunch should not be servedThe only review I read that got it even partly right was from AZ Central. It said "the kitchen assumes you don't want to play with fire, so everything here is mild enough to feed a newborn."I hope you won't think I'm a grouch, but I did want to warn you.
2	This restaurant is pretty...but not dazzling as some other reviewers have indicated.  When we came here on a Saturday night, I was surprised to see that other patrons had clearly put on their best sparkley outfits just to dine here.  This is in a strip mall, people.  Perhaps I'm spoiled by the many upscale Asian restaurants in Minneapolis where you can eat, drink, dance, mingle and lounge in your best outfit all night long. On to the food...First of all, why doesn't Takeda Thai have fresh spring rolls?  This was my first disappointment.  I settled for the lettuce wraps for my appetizer instead - which they happily veganized for me - making it with with tofu rather than chicken.  The flavors and textures were really blah though.  I wouldn't recommend that appetizer to anyone.I shared my main entree with my boyfriend, not realizing how teeny-tiny the serving would be.  We had the Thai Basil with tofu.  The flavors were amazing.  Although,sadly, the entire dish was made up of about 6 pieces of tofu and 6 thin slices of red pepper.  I would've been a lot more impressed with this dish if there were more vegetables involved.  When the dish was set in front of us, I actually felt misled by the menu's description.  I also think the up-charge for brown rice here is a little ridiculous...but at least they offer it.Our server was spectacular.  He knew we were in from out of town and did his best to impress us.  At the end of our meal, he asked us how we enjoyed ourselves, and I didn't have the heart to tell him that Yelp's phrase was ringing in my head..."meh, I've experienced better".
5	I just love this food! I especially enjoy Mon-Fri lunch. You have the opportunity to several different items without spending a fortune. It can be a bit expensive in the evening, but lunch is just right! The food is all made fresh the very moment you order! No pre-made soup here! Highly recommend it! The owners are awesome!
4	We've been here a few times and have never been disappointed by the food. I love the Eggplant and zucchini in black bean sauce with chicken. It is flat out delicious. The pad thai isn't my favorite though. Ordered with a "5" heat factor it was more sweet than hot but my companion didn't seem to mind (although he did agree that my dish was better). We overheard another patron complain about her food being too hot. This prompted the owner to come around to each table and inquire if anyone else felt their fare was overly spiced. We happily disagreed and said if anything we thought it wasn't hot enough! I liked that the owner checked it out before going back to the complainer and letting her know (politely) that she was the only one in the place that was unhappy.THe only complaint I had was the wait. Someone must have called in sick because there was only one server for the whole place! The bartender was helping out but it all took way too long. I like the place, so I will be back and hope more staff is on when i go.
5	Well i just recently became educated in thai culture etc.And i now love "Thai food"! Takeda Thai was an awesome experience ,very nice i felt almost like i was out of town. As a musician i also appreciated the diverse selection of music throughout the evening.The food was excellent as well as the serviceand as i recall the night was extra special because they had a professional dancer come in and do some sexy salsa/tango dancing........ even though i was terrified when the dancing instructor made me dance with her , my wife and i had a blast !!!!! And we will be back : ) for another party in my tummy yummy yummy lol
4	This place has amazing pad thai!  Definitely authentic, delicious food.  Got the crab rangoons which were solid, but not the best I've ever had. Yellow curry was really good but a tiny bit spicier than I expect for yellow curry. Service is super friendly and fast.  This is my new default thai restaurant.
5	Came back for a second time and had the spring rolls, eggplant zucchini and panang (sp?) curry w/ brown rice. Definitely a 5-star experience!  Everything was delicious, service was fast and SO friendly. Lovin Takeda!
2	A co-worker and I were in from out of town and decided to try out this place based on some of the reviews we read on Yelp.  I'll have to say that I wasn't that impressed.  First off, let me say that the service was very good.  Our waiter always kept our drink glasses full and was very attentive.Now on to the food...We decided to start off with Lettuce Wraps.  They were very good...although a little spicier than I would have expected for a "2" out of "5" spice level.I ordered the grilled shrimp with the thai peanut sauce.  It took a while for the food to come out and when it did the food was lukewarm.  The shrimp tasted like it had been pre-cooked and then tossed on the grill to heat it up a bit.  It was very dry.  The veggies were steamed but cool and the Thai peanut sauce was also on the cool side.  The brown rice was pretty dry and a little tough to choke down.  Definitely not worth the $17.95 for the dish.My friend got the Thai Basil with chicken - I tried a couple of bites and wasn't that impressed.  I was very suprised at the small portion sizes - I would have exprected more for the price we paid.Unfortunately, I can't give this place another chance since I don't live in Scottsdale but even if I did live there I can't say that I would go back anytime soon.
5	Concierge suggested this place.  What a great suggestion!  Went with my wife and another couple.  We all ordered something different and all shared at the waiter's suggestion.  Waiter, Peter, was a terrific waiter and gave us excellent service.  All food is made fresh so it takes a few minutes but is worth the wait.  We ordered the pad Thai, firecracker chicken, mango curry, pad prik.  All four were great. We ordered them in a couple of heat levels just to see the difference.  Two is nice and spicy three is pretty hot. We've been to some great Thai places in NJ & NY and this place is just as good.  If you like Thai, don't miss this place
4	Had to jump in for beauty supplies next door w me mum so the outside of this place really caught my eye! We decided to stop for a bite. It was a late lunch maybe 4 tables were occupied the place felt a tad small inside so we opted to have the patio all to ourselves. Waiter was nice and helpful. I ordered the Pad Thai w shrimp and my mom did the red curry. The shrimp were a nice plump size they were cooked perfectly, I wish there would have been more shrimp on the plate but ce est lavie. The veggies were nice and fresh I thought it was very flavorful compared to other places I've tried Thai food. Not too many places have even left an impression on me the food is usually pretty bland. I tried my moms red curry and it was delicous. The Thai Tea was awesome I wish I had one right now. It was good I will return!
4	I have had the opportunity to visit this restaurant a couple of times for lunch and once for dinner. The best thing I can say about Takeda Thai is "YUM"! The food is fresh and it actually taste like it is too! Service is great. Nice place to take a date. It can be expensive, but worth it! About the same as other restaurants in the area.Pamela,
4	The food here is delicious, fresh, with high quality ingredients.  They do not skimp out here.  I always order the pot stickers. the wrapper is very nice and tenderly steamed. The dumpling on the inside lacks a little bit of flavor, but to me, that's okay, because the dipping sauce that comes with it is so good and well balanced with acidity and spicy chilies. I LOVE LOVE LOVE their Red Curry with chicken. I like it pretty spicy, but if you don't they can make it any way you want it. They also give you extra chili sauce on the side that you can add. The jasmine rice here is perfectly cooked and fragrant. If you drink here your bill can add up pretty quick. It isn't inexpensive, but for the quality it is worth it. The restaurant is in a strip mall and you would never know it's there otherwise. When you walk in through the curtains, it is a quaint space with asian decor. The staff is stellar and very helpful with the menu if you have questions about anything.
5	I'm visiting Scottsdale from Seattle and I'm very familiar with Asian cuisine.  The appetizers were stellar, the dinner was fantastic and the atmosphere and service was first class. If you desire great Thai food at a good price, you can't miss with Takeda.
1	Takeda Thai is very good at interior decorating, but not actually preparing well made Thai food. If you really know authentic Thai food you will not be happy here. Those that don't know better may be OK with the food here. The Thai Beef Salad was very disappointing.  Very salty, overly seasoned, and not tasty.  The beef itself was hard and chewy. This can be such a wonderful dish when prepared correctly. The Tom Yum chicken soup I ordered 2/4 stars on the spice level, was incredibly spicy- focusing on hot spice rather than balanced flavor.  We walked out with a $35 bill and still very hungry, as we barely ate 1/4 of our feed before just giving up and leaving.  Truly an expensive and greatly disappointing dining experience.
5	We've been to Takeda Thai the last two weekends for dinner - couldn't ask for a more perfect dining experience BOTH times. Service was excellent, peartini's were "to die for", and every dish - from appetizers to dessert -was an absolute delight. We recommend the muscle appetizer and  ANY curry ( especially the jungle curry), and Pad Thai. The Jasmine tea we had with dessert was fantastic. We are from the San Francisco Bay Area, and were so happy to find such amazing asian cuisine so far from home. You don't need a day job Moulay .... this is your true calling.Karen and James
2	I've been doing well by visiting Yelp reviewed places so that is how I found Takeda Thai.A little difficult to find as it is set back quite a ways from the SE corner of Shea & Scottsdale.  I entered for lunch and two white guys were working the tables.  Nice interior, food was tasty and fast, but seriously small portions.  Then again the lunch special only costs $7.95 which gets you a main and a soup.  I had the spicey noodles (Phad kee mow) with chicken at 3 stars (out of 4 possible).  It was tasty and I enjoyed it, seemed slightly reserved on heat but they probably didn't want to offend anyone and I still enjoyed it very much.Where the rip is on the drinks as they charged $2.95 for a soft drink.  Add 20% for tip and it pushed it to over $14.  That's just not good value and it hit me wrong.
5	Clearly the people who gave Takeda one or two stars must be hired by the competition. I travel to Thailand twice a year and have been longing for quality Thai food locally in the valley. I am happy to say I found it. The food was exceptional, delicious and the restaurant was cozy and clean.I have added Takeda to my list of top ten favorites in the valley. The staff was well trained, polite and courteous and the owner, Sara, actually came to our table to have a chat. Impressive, a business owner who actually cares about her customers.If you are not a fan of spicy food, don't be turned off, Thai food does not have to be all spicy, simply tell the waiter how you like it and order accordingly. My favorite dessert when i season, Mangoes and Sticky Rice. Takeda serves it and it was excellent. I also recommend the Thai ice tea, its actually better than some of the Thai ice teas iv'e had in Thailand. Only one comment and a suggestion, they might want to consider a different lettuce for their lettuce wraps, hard to wrap with long pieces of lettuce, iceberg might have been easier, otherwise the filling was excellent and I'm coming back.
5	Takeda Thai is delish!!! I've been eating here for two years now and I can't get enough of their food! As a person of Thai decent, I have been to Thailand numerous times and the authentic food that is served at this restaurant really gives me that 'homey' feeling. Also, I can't say enough about how beautiful this restaurant is!! Although it is tucked away in an older/less-flashy part of Scottsdale, this cozy restaurant is decorated with classic Thai art which provides a wonderfully romantic and classy ambiance. Such a great date-place! :) Anyway, as far as food is concerned.. I haven't found a dish that I don't LOVE- the curry is on point (all flavors), firecracker chicken is to die for, pad-thai is a classic, and the thai basil and spicy noodles are delish!! Any of those paired with a Thai iced tea or Thai beer is a sure bet!! ALSO- If you're looking for an EXTRA SPECIAL TREAT- try the HOMEMADE coconut ice cream or banana spring rolls! DELISH DELISH!
5	The food and the service was the absolute best. If you are looking for a nice place for an intimate dinner with friends or family this is the place to go. I was very impressed with the delicious quality of the food. Perfectly sized portions so you can still enjoy dessert. I had the fried bananas and Ice cream. This dessert has such an amazing flavor that absolutely nobody should miss out on. I had the lettuce wraps for an appetizer which was deliciously flavored and for the main course I had the Spicy Noodle dish with pork when I took the first bite all I could think was WOW! A good way to describe this restaurant in three words is love, care and quality. You are missing out if you don't give this place a whirl. You will not be disappointed.
4	Having visited this place several times in the past year, I have been meaning to Yelp and finally got around to it.  Takeda Thai's Tom Kha Gai soup is the best I have had.  I enjoyed it so much the first time that I came in the next night and ordered another bowl.  It is the first thing I order, sometimes even before I decide on my drink. I love that it is locally and independently owned.  I also think Pete (our usual server/bartender) does an awesome job.  The Pad Thai is not my most favorite-maybe because I like mine with tons of sauce,green onions, lime, and cilantro and Takeda Thai's is more restrained.  I think the Green Curry is fresh, light, and perfectly seasoned.  I also love the Pad See Yew.  I wish they would offer Moroccan Tea ALL the time- if Moulay had this available daily, I would be there daily.  It was a life changing tea experience.  I have to settle for the Thai Iced Tea, which is good, but not nearly as delicious.  Overall, I love supporting my neighborhood and avoiding the chain restaurants and am always satisfied here.
5	Well first off the food is great second the service is excellent and the music thats played makes you feel like your in Europe somewhereI come here every week i can't remember all of the servers names but they are all awesome especially Peter who we usually get. He is a natural no matter how busy it is he always makes us feel taken care of. I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	Good addition to the restaurant scene in Scottsdale; however, this restaurant is somewhat hard to find since it is set back from Scottsdale Road.  The service was good, the atmosphere was nice and the food was quite tasty albeit quite spicy.  Our server warned us, but I wasn't prepared for how spicy it would really be - be warned!
5	Best thai food in the state of Arizona next to Tasty Thai. Excellent service, high quality ingredients, nice atmosphere. Everything is excellent!
4	If you dutifully read all the reviews, one thing will be obvious. Those who liked this place, liked the food, the ambiance and the service.Those who did not, cited things like slow service, overpriced, and not authentic.I suggest you dismiss the naysayers. I did and was pleasantly surprised. In TT's defense, the server did explain how no item was pre-cooked and how each meal was made to order, subsequently, there would be a wait.If you have no problem paying for quality food, then you can dismiss overpriced as well.As for the food snobs who cite "not authentic", dismiss that as bull too.You can go to any ethnic restaurant and make this claim if the food isn't the same as your favorite haunt, or that of your moms kitchen. The fact is, there are many more who liked it than didn't and that should speak for itself. I would have given 5 stars save for their charging for a small cup of brown rice in lieu of the white rice included in the meal.I will admit however, I've never had brown rice quite that good. Nor have I ever seen or experienced the grain color and texture of this variety.Perhaps its a rare, costly type. I don't know.
5	Had lunch here today. The green chili curry was awesome
4	It doesn't have the obligatory framed picture of the Thai royal family on the wall but I'm wiling to let it slide.  This menu offers a fresh take on the solid staples that we love.  I love the Pad Thai  here and not just because it is endorsed by Howard Seftel.
4	The food here is amazing. Yes, it does take a little time to get your food, but it is worth it because you can tell that the chefs in the back are putting in the time to make your order special. Everything tastes so fresh. The spring rolls, spicy edemame, panang curry, and pad thai are so tasteful. The price is very reasonable, and well worth it. As for the service it is outstanding. I have gone there a few times with my family and it is such a friendly environment. Everyone takes care of your order, and the owners of the restaurant go to each table and personally greet everyone. I highly recommend this restaurant if you are looking for a fun time filled with fantastic flavors.
5	Takeda Thai is the best Thai Restaurant this side of the milky way........
4	The food here is simply amazing! The service is fantastic. The owners do a great job of getting to know you and cater to your hunger. The pad thai and curries are so delicious. I love coming here with my family. I highly recommend this place for anyone looking for a great and fun time as they eat phenomenal food.
1	Never walked out on a restaurant before. We waited 45 min and still no food. When they did bring something out, it was wrong. The food was over priced (by the look of the food on the other tables). Ended up going to Thai house around the corner and was super pleased.
2	The inside looked much better than the outside.  It has a nice quaint setup, but they need some work on atmosphere.  AC was a bit cold and the lighting was very dim.  The food was fine, but the wait is very long.  They told us everything was made from scratch, but I think that is code for "expect a long wait."  Price is high and I left still hungry.  My vote, look elsewhere for Thai food.
5	Sara, the owner contacted me, advising how the brown rice they use is a particular grain that does cost them a little bit more, accordingly that's why the extra charge.Kudos to TT for their attention to detail, Yelp, and follow-up!
5	Kudos again to  TT.You guys cost me a great meal last night. While you were hosting some kind of benefit for Morocco, your restaurant closed in the process, I sat in your parking lot arguing with my wife over where to go next for dinner. This, after the ticket-takers told us to dish over 100 bucks a piece to attend the event or beat feet.(They did say it in a nice way, so one star)Agreeing with her on where to eat is a small miracle anymore, so when we decided TT was the place... around noon yesterday....I spent the remainder of the afternoon fantasizing about your green curry. Very similar to how I fantasize about me and my new secretary one day getting it on in the supply room. Sadly, I was unable to cough-up the two hundred bucks to check-out the belly dancers and eat whatever that rolled-up stuff was I saw being served.Anyway, we argued for the next half hour before finally going to Wendy's, where I slurped chili out of a cup while listening to two old hippie bikers argue over which was better....the '67 Panhead or the '67 Shovelhead, whatever the shit they are. Four stars for getting home in time to watch Teeny Weeny Bikini Patrol in its entirety, so it wasn't all bad.I'll be back, and when I do, I'm gonna order everything on the menu, putting your chef's ass's into some serious effin overdrive to make-up for last night!You just wait.
4	I love when I am in Scottsdale on business so I can stop in the is place for lunch or early dinner! Ambiance is very nice and cozy. The food is made fresh and actually taste like it! Great place for a date too! I would only say that it can be a little expensive, but it is right in line with the cost of dinning in that area! Worth it for me!
5	Every visit---amazing.  I always look forward to my next visit.  Consistency is excellent and it's on my Top 5 list of restaurants I visit regularly now.   The Tom Kha Gai is still my absolute favorite, as is the Chicken Panang Curry.  Delicious---and the service is always tops!
5	If  perchance you're one of the many Scottsdale residents who believe Malee's is the only place for good Thai, think again. You have another choice, it's Takeda.Takeda's dishes, the result of generational family recipes prepared by the owner rival anything on Malee's menu and, I don't have to drive half a city away for it.Last night I tried Uncle Som's something or other. It was splendid. I went with two and a half on the heat scale. I don't recommend this level of spice unless you're a seasoned pepper aficionado, one who routinely eats raw habaneros.My wife typically orders the same dish each visit, the green curry. Spicy and wonderfully delightful. But the coup de gras is their 'forbidden' rice.We were informed how this rice got it's name from the King of Thailand who apparently forbade anyone to eat it except for him. What an asshole, right?Well it's a damned good thing someone smuggled the shit out of Thailand and got it into Scottsdale, where now, I can eat it at will.  Purple in color, short in grain, and when cooked to al-dente perfection, has a unique flavor all unto itself, never having tasted anything like it before. The best way to describe it is this:If I was King (Scottsdale), I'd command Ken Singh of Singh Farms to grow this stuff for me, and only me.Nobody would ever get to try it.Well, maybe my wife if she was nice to me for a change and not alla-time smarting-off. I'd let Ken Singh keep some for his trouble, but not very much. And that's it... no-one else.Well, maybe Takeda. Yeah, probably Takeda, since they already know how to cook it and all. But that's it. No-one else.The rest of you would be shit out of luck. Why I'd even post up security guards to make sure the kitchen help doesn't try weaseling off with their pockets loaded.And all of you? Forget it. Nobody gets to try my forbidden rice. Nobody.Why, I wouldn't even let you SEE it. Not without paying a cover charge or something. But sadly, I'm not the King of Scottsdale. Shit.Go to Takeda.Eat the forbidden rice and know, you're eating something that only a few hundred years ago in Thailand would have probably gotten your head chopped-off or something.
4	I've been fortunate to enjoy great Thai cooking in Atlanta, Chicago, New York, Los Angeles and London. This place totally rates way up there. The food was fresh, classic and prepared to the exact level of slickness I requested. I'm psyched about the location, which is close to our new home in Scottsdale. Easy parking. Classy decor. Heck yeah, I'm going to make this place a regular haunt. Oh, and one more thing: I ordered my food on a Sunday at closing time. No problem. They kept the kitchen open for me and gave me fantastic service.
5	A hidden jem!  Quiet, nice atmosphere with very attentive service.  Pad Thai was delicious and the thai basil with shrimp with fresh veggies and a flavorful broth that I wanted to drink!  We finished off the meal with coconut and chocolate chunck ice cream!   I will be back!
3	The food is very good but the portions are small and they charge you for rice. Even the white rice which is a bit ridiculous. Prices are definitely on the high side and should include rice.
5	Awesome, delicious, you have to try it!
2	First I will say, this is a nice atmosphere and the food was fine. But for the price, the portion size, the $2 upcharge for brown rice (on top of the price for the lunch) and the very slow service at lunch, this is what brings me to the lower rating. I've been to other Thai places here in the Valley, that the food has a little more flavor, the portions are better, the service faster, and no additional charges for a different kind of rice.Give it a try, but don't expect a lot.
4	Food was great! Panang curry, papaya salad and spicy noodles (pad kee mow) were all great! Entree prices (fish) were super high so we didn't order those, but would I imagine they would be good.  They didn't give us enough rice for the curry, but gave us extra rice at no extra cost when we asked.  Hope this good place is still here next time I am back in Scottsdale!
3	This review is for lunch only.The sevice and food quality is just fine.I ordered the yellow curry chicken lunch special and it was very flavorful. I ordered it spicy 4 out of 5 and it was pretty tame. Heat seekers order the 5. The portions were disappointing. Hot and sour soup served in a tea cup, really? My entree contained maybe 4 small wafer thin pieces of chicken. It came with a reasonable amount of rice, no suprise there. I'm not looking for a gut busting portion by any means but tea cup sized
3	The food was OK, not great.  Lettuce wraps difficult to eat with tiny pieces of romaine.  The waitress talked me out of my fried rice dish to one she recommended and was not like any fried rice I've ever had and not  something I would order again.  Terrible wine list, one red, one white.The service was excellent , but the food and portions probably won't prompt a quick return.  This was much better the last time we were there.  The owner/chef was very charming and I hope they are successful.,
4	For Moulay and Sarah especially:Takeda Thai is a charming Thai cuisine restaurant, tucked away from the main road in Scottsdale. The atmosphere is comfortable and inviting, although, it is a smaller space the intimate setting is quite enjoyable.The food was delicious, it was flavorful and full of bold spices!The best part of our experience at Takeda Thai was our interactions with Moulay and Sarah. They were both very charming, sweet and genuinely interested in getting to know their customers and making them feel very welcomed. I would suggest Takeda to anyone looking for a low-key dining spot with great food and terrific service!
5	Best Thai place ever! Everything is fantastic-my favorite is the korobe ultimate fried rice!
1	Overpriced. The pad Thai noodles were mushy, brown rice was very bland and dry. The 3 season chicken was deep fried and seemed to be thrown in with pineapples and green peppers were sparse. Portions small for amount charged. Best dish was the glass noodle salad, which did not have enough lettuce. Server asked how food was, we told him not good and he thought we were joking. Gave him input, but they did not seem to care. Save your money and go elsewhere.
2	Normally, if we walk out of a restaurant feeling hungry ,still, I would give it one star. But the food here is good, actually, a lot better than the other ones I have been to in PHX area. We don't expect to take leftovers home, but need to be able to wait 4-5 hours before we need to look for food again. When we walked out Takeda that day, my husband said, "we got to find something else." I had two restaurants myself in the past. One thing I learned is; if you want your customers to return, you have to at least make sure they are not leaving your restaurant hungry!
3	Takeda Thai has some amazing flavors! However, the atmosphere and service was not as great as it needed to be. I recommend the Phat Thai, it is truly an amazing dish that deserves to be on a cover of a magazine, it was delicious and you can choose your spice level. As for the curry dishes they were a bit salty but still good.Prices are reasonable but the restaurant is quite small and awkward. Also, the service was a bit awkward! Other than that it is worth a try!
5	Best Thai food I ever taste! My favor is Pad See-ew chicken or pork. It's delicious!All their dishes are very good and flavorful. The owner is very nice and friendly. Try it!You won't regret it! Grate deal for lunch special!
5	awesome food great service best place in town
4	We had the pleasure of having this delicious food delivered to our office. It was amazing. A mix of everything and it all rocked. The owner is hilarious and friendly. YUM!!!!!! Best Thai food. Best Service
2	I went with my date. The waiter was very nice and friendly and was very accommodating when my date asked about the drink menu. I ordered the Pad Thai and I will only comment on my food. As stated, I ordered the Pad Thai with a spice level of 4 (their highest on the menu). My food arrived and the presentation was average, but I'm here for food. I take a bite and I am immediately disappointed. The Pad Thai was sickening sweet! and the "4" spice level I asked for was non-existent. I am not the type to waste food but I left about 80% of my food on my plate and had no desire to take the leftovers home. How bad was my food, well, let's just say I left the restaurant hungry and ate as soon as I returned home.I would not go there again for their overpriced sweet meal. This would be a 1 star if not for the good wait service.
1	SeriouslyWe walked in and were the only ones in the place except for two people at the bar.We were seated by some one in Chef's attire.No one bothered with us for 15 min-we ultimately timed itThe individual who seated us was looking periodically right at usA young lady flitted back and forth-bar patron vs Employee At any rate we ultimately walked outAdmittedly my wife and myself are in our sixties. The idiot who runs this place should know that means we have money and dine out frequentlyPrediction: gone within six months
5	This place is my favorite Thai restaurant in the Valley. Let me give you a run down on my visit. As I am walking in I immediately spot the herb garden in the front. We get seated and our waitress takes our drink order. Comes back, drops our drinks off after about 5 minutes. Leaves and comes back a few minutes later to take our appetizer order. We order a Spicy Edamame. Super, super tasty and it is certainly spicy. Thank goodness we were properly taken care of with a glass pitcher of water for us to refill when we needed. After we finished our appetizer our waitress takes our dinner order. I order the spicy noodles, with vegetables instead of chicken (level 3 spicy). Do you see the trend here? Each visit by our waitress was individually catered to a specific need. She didn't take our order while dropping off the appetizer; instead we enjoyed each order. This visit was certainly about the experience--and I loved it because we were celebrating a birthday. The food was homemade--everything, even the noodles. The spices were grown in her garden and the dessert was absolutely fab; homemade coconut ice cream and friend bananas for the table to share. The guest I was with was celebrating a birthday so the owner brought him a drink which was a combination of a mojito and a margarita (Basil-rita), and yes, it, too, was made with fresh basil from her garden. It was delightful. So this place gets 5 very bright stars. The owners came up to our table, talked to us and gave us a mini version of the story behind the place and the waitress was full of life and energy.  The place wasn't noisy and it was the atmosphere was not what I expected from the outside. I will return very soon!
5	Go for the food!! Seriously this is hands down the best Thai food in all of Scottsdale/Phoenix!! And, YES, I have eaten at nearly every Thai place in the valley...I have had exceptional service even when the place is packed and extra busy. In fact, I recently went with a friend visiting AZ with a 2-year old child.  The owner went out of his way to make sure the child was happy and occupied with food to keep her happy.As for the spice issue I just read the review-- not everyone can handle spice and I am often asking for additional chills and peppers to enhance my food, I just know to ask for it THAI HOT now. For those who do not tolerate any spice, I have seen the kitchen send out very mild and wonderfully flavored food for my friends who have sensitive taste buds.  Raves and accolades each time!Let's just get into the food-- The quality of the ingredients used are always fresh.  I have ordered many dishes on the menu and have made substations that have all be delivered with a smile. The soups are divine, the papaya salad is almost as good as when I was on the beach on Thailand-- BTW, I spent three months in Thailand and have a minor obsession with Thai food...At first glance the seafood dishes look pricey, but once you try any of the dishes you will taste the quality that you are paying for!The standards-- Green Curry, Pad Thai, and others are spot on delish! Uncle Som's Pad Ped makes my mouth water for days after... The spicy edamame rocks!! The home made coconut ice cream-- YUMM!The bar is well stocked, although the wine list is pretty Meh... All the great Thai beers and a few others too.Here is where you will find a kind, honest, hard working owner who makes the very best and most authentic Thai food in the valley.  If you want the best Thai you must try this place. You will be greatly impressed with the quality of food, preparation, and the taste of each dish you order. If you really enjoy Thai food and want a high quality food experience this is your spot!Since you will be back many times after you try, I look forward to meeting you at this amazing Thai place.
5	This was our first visit and I will go back again!  I ordered Red Curry Chicken and it was very tasty.  My husband ordered Thai Basil Chicken and he was also happy with his dish.  Our waiter was prompt with service, polite and very helpful with suggestions.  I ordered my dish on the mild side and it was plenty spicy for me.  I look forward to eating here again.  If you never had Thai food and wanted to try it, I would suggest this place for a few reasons.  First, it was very clean.  Second, staff will answer all your questions and help you with your selection. Third, food is served in a timely manner, hot and fresh.
5	This is my favorite place to eat!!!!  The food is amazing!  Such good flavor!  The Penang curry with the forbidden rice is my very favorite meal. The place is a little off the beaten path but so worth the stop!
5	I've been here several times and thought it was time to finally write a review.I must say this is my favorite Thai restaurant in Scottsdale.For curry, I think the Mango Curry is my favorite. Mix of spicy curry and sweetness of mango mixed together to create yummy dish. I ordered extra rice and finished the curry sauce.  It was just spicy enough, my Thai tea helped me sooth spiciness in my mouth.I tried two different types of fried rice.  They both were good, but I think I liked Korobe fried rice. It doesn't look like standard fried rice you see in any Chinese restaurant, but it taste like authentic fried rice I ate somewhere in Asia.There are so many other dishes I haven't tried yet. Can't wait to come back to try them all soon.
5	Red Curry every day if we could!
5	Service is terrable. We went on a Friday night, there was 1 server, 1 bartender, 1 busboy for the whole restaurant.... But, at the end we realized our server was actually the head chef and the owner! Totally changed our view.Do not order a mojito, it's not impressive, I sent mine back. The table next to me was not impressed either. Food on the other hand is delishious. We dinned on the following:Fire roasted EdamameChicken SatayYellow chicken curryPumpkin chicken curry Coconut ice cream Everything was amazing, truly impressive. I highly recommend a visit to this little gem of a place. I would give it 4 Sayra based on the service but, knowing how hard everyone was working I felt bad and have to give them a 5.
5	Excellent food. Great service. Owned by a couple that truly loves their customers and cares about what's on the plate. Music is good, home made ice cream (coconut) is a great finish. Spicy noodles with Thai basil was awesome. I also had the green curry which was delicious. Definitely going back.
5	Food was great service was great I highly recommend Takeda Thai.  The edammae was amazing, so was the coconut ice cream!
5	So, so, SO good!  And the owner is amazing - so warm, friendly, AND the head chef.  I had a great mojito and chicken/veggie spring rolls appetizer. It is kind of hidden in the middle/towards the back of a strip mall area at Scottsdale and Shea -- find it; IT IS WORTH IT.  The restaurant is small, intimate, dark, and would be a great date spot (however, I was allllll byyy myyyseeeeeellllff).It is a super cute place that I am planning on returning to with my mom in the next week or two.  The prices are comparable for North Scottsdale.
5	Some of the best Thai food I've had both in and out of Thailand!! The Tom Kah Gai is out of this world. The exec chef was amazingly helpful and awesome with the kids. You can't go wrong with this place if you are looking for authentic Thai good at it's finest in a super friendly atmosphere. Will come back again and again!!!
5	A really charming place.  I can't believe it's been here for two years!  The owner was so nice, and went as far as visiting each table and had great conversations with everyone in my party to ensure that our dining experience was as great as we had hoped.  Our food was great!  I loved the flavors here, and the dishes were all complex and true to their authentic roots.  I agree with the other reviews though, that this place needs more servers.  We were going out on a Saturday so our party was patient and more than happy to wait.  Had this been an intimate dinner date, I'd hope the pace would be quicker.  Most of that can be attributed to the fact that the place is short staffed.  Hopefully, people will visit this place and change that. :)
5	I recently moved to the area and was looking for a great Thai restaurant. I am a huge fan of thai food and this place was spectacular!! I will definetely be going back. The service was amazing a long with the atmosphere. I took my boyfriend who is not the biggest fan of thai food but he loved this place! They have a little bit of everything for everyone. I highly recommend ordering the tom kah gah. I love that they serve forbidden rice. Great stuff!!!!
5	I see why this restaurant is called the best Thai restaurant in Scottsdale.  Great food, good surroundings and friendly staff.  The green curry is delicious.  We can't wait to go back.  This restaurant is an undiscovered gem.
3	Food is great love his wok grilled edema me.  The forbidden rice is always a pleasure and his sauces are amazing.   3 stars because it's seriously overpriced for the portions you get.  I spend 15 bucks on lunch and leave hungry.  Very nice dining room and atmosphere.   Opens for lunch for 3 hours or so then closes till dinner.  Closed at weird times some days as well.  Knocked off a star for that too.  It is definitely worth trying and you be the judge on the price to portions.
2	My husband and I visited after reading the great reviews here.  Unfortunately, we were very disappointed.  The pot stickers were average, I ordered the seafood dish with mussels and shrimp and it had a horrible lake fish taste to it, I only had a couple bites.  My vodka drink was tasty, but overall the food was overpriced and I won't go back.  The owner was also our waiter and very nice, we just did not enjoy the food.
5	After searching and searching for a good Thai restaurant, I have finally found one. Takeda Thai is incredible. Starting with the grilled edamame, followed by the Tom Kha Gai (absolutely delicious, could not stop filling my bowl), the green papaya salad, yellow curry with chicken, pad thai that was incredible.....and that decadent scoop of homemade coconut ice cream. It was Heaven..and Moulay and Sarah are beyond charming and attentive. Can't wait to go back again, and again, and again.
5	Excellent dishes, great owners, as good a Thai restaurant anywhere in the country. Look forward to our next trip here.  Arnold & LanaTopeka, Kansas
