5	A friend recommended Body Food Kitchen a few months ago and I am so happy he did. I started with 2 meals a day a month ago and have never felt better. I feel healthy, I have more energy, my skin looks great, and I have so much more free time. I never realized how much time I spent shopping, preparing, and cooking meals before Body Food Kitchen. I love the convenience of Body Food Kitchen and the diverse menu options. The food is great: Healthy, clean, balanced and tasty. Another bonus is that the staff is great. They are always friendly and accommodating. I can't wait for my next delivery!
5	I don't usually write posts but I had to for BFK!!! Finally, I can go about my day without worrying what to eat or prepare to eat! The food they deliver is so fresh and delicious. I feel so satisfied after each meal! The prices are so affordable and the quality is also great! The salmon is my favorite! The site is also so easy to use! amazing all around!!!!
5	I order deliveries to LA and they always come on time. Customer service is great - staff is always courteous & helpful. Portions are sizable and balanced with good quality ingredients. There are several main portion/side item choices, which keeps dishes versatile & interesting. Prices are affordable, especially for the quality. I'm always really busy to cook, and since ordering meals I definitely go out to eat less and feel much healthier.
5	I've been looking for something like this for a while.. and i've tried many of these prepared meal programs.. but this one is the BEST.  I love the portion sizes and the freshness of each meal.. I can grab a pack and run off to work .. eat it there and i'm not feeling like I'm off my meal plan all the time.   I open it up and almost everyone is asking where i got it from.. the vegges are green and fresh... the meats are tasty and the package is easy to use.   I can't recommend it enough..  I am hoping this is an long and ongoing relationship I'll have with Body Food Kitchen.
5	Very fresh! Super impressed with the customer service and quality.
5	I was in town for a while and hate going out to eat all the time.  I had been to other cities that have the same concept, but body food has been, by far, the best.  In fact, I'm doing the national delivery now that i'm back home.  highly recommend to anyone looking to stay regimented with eating and are time restricted!
5	I'm an IFBB Pro Physique Bodybuilder and always on the endless pursuit for clean food and meal prep services. I stumbled across BFK and have been SO blown away by everything that they do.  Their customer service is unbeatable, the food is DELICIOUS and they ship ANYWHERE nationwide! That saves me SO much trouble when I travel to compete and can't be bothered to go shopping or schlepp my food around everywhere.  The quality of their food is top notch, their website is BEYOND EASY to navigate, their pricing is fair and competitive and their homemade protein brownies are quite possibly the BEST I have EVER had.In conclusion, I really cannot say enough wonderful things about this company. I am so happy that I found them and only wish that I had discovered them earlier this year when I began my prep. Fresh and delicious clean food, completely prepped and delivered to my door anywhere in the US? AMAZING.2 Very Enthusiastic Thumbs Up and 5+ Gold Stars for Body Food Kitchen! Thank you for making clean eating easy and thoughtless! :D
5	I am 2x World Miss Fitness America PRO and I love having Body Food Kitchen on my corner! When I vacation, go to fitness competitions, etc, BFK makes my life a while lot easier! I no longer have to travel with my good and worry about it going bad! They vaccuum seal everything and it is super fresh! The tastes are amazing! I highly recommend BFK to anyone! Whether you are traveling, competing or just going on vacation, have them worry about your food! It keeps you on track and their customer service is amazing!
5	BFK is the best thing to ever happen to my belly! I work crazy busy hours in production and usually end up spending $20+ on a meal or scarfing down unhealthy craft service food. I never had time to prep my own food and BFK has made my life so much easier--being able to just reach in the freezer and not have to think about my meals anymore is a dream come true.  The food is delicious and i actually crave the meals! People at my work now hover around me trying to eat my left overs--which i never have because its all so damn good! :) I have not had one meat or side that I didn't like--They even got me to like green beans! Thanks BFK for making my life so much more simple, clean, and delicious!
