4	I went to Emporio yesterday for lunch, and it was TREMENDOUS.  First, the ambiance of the place in and of itself is spectacular.  Dimly lit with artsy lighting (think bare, clear light bulbs, very industrial), dark wood walls, and cozy booths make Emporio very inviting.  There are plenty of (high, modern, metal) stools around the large bar, as well.  I didn't have a drink at lunch (I have to work, unfortunately), but there was an extensive list of beers on the chalkboard on the wall.  (also a feature I like).The menu is divided up into appetizers, salads, soups, meatballs and sides.  You can get a "ball" on anything.  It's $2 to add a "ball" to your soup, salad, or side.  You can get $10 "saucy balls" - 4 meatballs in a sauce of your choice (and the sauce list is extensive!) and get a $4-5 side, and the meatballs and sauce will arrive graced over your side.  There are 4 different choices of meatball and 1 special every day.  The usual meatballs are beef, chicken, pork and veggie.  One thing I really liked about the menu is that it denoted which items were vegetarian and which are gluten-free.  For me, a person who avoids gluten, this proved very helpful.  I had the beef meatballs because I couldn't resist (despite the fact that they are not gluten free), with arrabiata sauce (GF) and white beans & escarole as the side to accompany the balls.  (also GF).  My one lunch partner had the same while the other started with an appetizer of arancini balls before digging into some meatballs.  The beef meatballs were rather amazing.  They were moist and perfectly cooked, and were very well-seasoned.  They were just tremendous.  The arrabiata sauce was just a little spicy, like the waitress advertised.  The beans and greens were done well, and the combination between the arrabiata-sauced meatballs and the side was a nice pairing.  I couldn't get enough of the dish, ate it all, and was pleasantly full after (it helped that I had a 10 minute walk back to my office after).  My friends were similarly pleased with their meals.  I can't wait to see what is in store for Emporio and the other floors of Sienna Mercato when they open!  I might just become a regular.  Truly fantastic.
4	Visited the newly opened Sienna Mercato for lunch.  I ate at Emporio, and had the Pork Meatballs with the Pork bolagnese sauce and it was delicious.  The pork was flavorful and had a little bit of a kick to it.  I wouldn't have minded some bread to mop up the sauce with, but unfortunately there wasn't any.  For a sit down lunch, it was very quick service and shouldn't be a problem getting in and out in a reasonable amount of time.  I would like to return for dinner as it looks like they have an extensive beer selection, and would like to try more things on the menu.
4	Snuck out for a mid-afternoon snack(!) after a pitiful "lunch" at Fresh Corner.Sienna Mercato is located across the street from Somona Grille in the 900 block of Penn Avenue.The place is hip, modern, industrial looking decor.  A definite welcome of this style to downtown.  This seems like a place you might find in the strip, but closer and available for lunch!We were greeted quickly by a hostess and at our table quickly.  Great service all around.  We told the waiter we were in a hurry, and the food was out in minutes!I tried four meatballs: the beef with Pesto, bacon cheeseburger with a cheese sauce, pork with the Bolognese, and a chicken meatball.The Chicken Meatball had a slightly gamey taste, not sure the exact cause for that.  If I had bought (4) of these I would have sent them back.Overall the meatballs were great -- but smallish, for a good lunch you need 3-4 for sure.My favorite was definitely the pork!!The rootbeer float was good, but the root beer itself was flat.  I had asked for more rootbeer, and they needed to charge me $4.00 for "another" Draft Root Beer.  I wouldn't have complained solely about that, but it came out completely flat.  Disappointing.
2	Food and service from waiters/waitresses is fine - the management leaves a lot to be desired. Our server and the server's assistant working were great but the manager was overall rude and uncommunicative both with us and with our server when questions arose about the menu and the establishment. I have to say we will not be returning to Sienna. There are a lot of great establishments downtown, and I do not feel comfortable supporting this one after having seen how badly they treat their lower level employees.
5	What a great experience. Went to check out the new Emporio before going to the car how this weekend. Walking into the place, whoever did the branding and the design of the interior absolutely deserve a high-five. Just a great feel with the rustic wood, exposed metal. We had a party of 9 and the Host, Ryan, did a great job of accommodating us and making sure that we knew he was on top of things. The other hostess was helpful as well, pointing out some of her favorites and making recommendations. (She was right, the Ricotta Donuts were the perfect finish to the meal)Liked the simple menu on a clipboard idea. Very nice clean execution. The menu it self is very simple, 4 kinds of balls and a handful of sauces. The only problem is it creates so many combinations of flavors, what to try first.We went with Cheesy Bread (that day'special), Fried Buffalo Chicken Balls and Crab Stuffed Mushrooms. The Cheesy Bread was light and crispy, not too much cheese to overwhelm the herbs and pepper flakes.The Buffalo Chicken Balls were something totally different, just the right amount of fruity heat and a mix of textures (Crispy outside, juicy and tender in)The crab stuffed mushrooms were different from the usual as well. A touch of citrus flavor left us wondering if there was such a thing as "fresh crab" as opposed to the canned stuff we are all used to.For the main course, we just grabbed a couple of each ball and 5 sauces to dip them in, figuring that was the only way to satisfy our need to try everything that we had been smelling. We were not disappointed by anything we ate.The biggest hit had to be the Bolognese Sauce. Chunky and thick, though the taste was lighter than you would imagine and the touch of cinnamon at the finish really complemented the balls.The added plus of dining this way, was that instead of being consumed by the food in front of us, we were constantly passing plates of meatballs and recommending sauces with a "you've gotta try this" thrown in here and there, making for a very communal dining  experience.Overall, a great dining experience (the servers were helpful, friendly and pleasant.) the food was delicious and the atmosphere was great.
5	Awesome beer selection, half off happy hour, and a friendly staff. The meatball sliders were a tasty twist in comparison to the standard bar menu. After a terrible experience at ten penny this was a relief. Definitely recommended.
4	Great ambience. Casual and comfortable.  Awesome beef and pork meatballs. Really loved the mac and cheese! We will be back for sure!
5	I have eaten at Sienna in Market Square many times and heard that the same chef was expanding to a new concept of 3 restaurants offering differing Italian themed menus. Well the 1st of three Emporio has recently opened and I was totally impressed with the meatball menu and the draft beer selection. It was hard to pick from the menu so I ordered a few things. The meatballs were OUTSTANDING! The second concept of this trifecta is Pork based and it is my understanding that they will be butchering and preparing many wonderful Pork dishes. This is supposed to happen sometime around March 1st. The crowning event will open sometime late spring, and will be an Italian Beer Garden. I think someone said it would have a variety of food selections and of course a great draft beer line up!In the words of Arnold Schwarzenegger..."I'll be back"
5	My new favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh. The food was amazing with a lot of different options. The staff was very helpful, quick, and nice. I got the pork meatballs with Parmesan sauce over the tomato risotto. It was amazing. The drink menu is very good with good happy hour specials. The general feel of the restaurant is nice and it is pretty cheap price wise. I can't wait to go back. So Good!!
4	We stopped in here on a Sunday on the recommendation of a friend. I would love to give it a five except for a few small issues.The food is delicious and quite different. Everything is built around meatballs. They have 4 varieties and a daily special. You can order them as sliders, grinders etc. but I like the "Four saucy balls" for $10.00. You pick a sauce and can pair them with a salad, soup or one of many sides for about $5.00 more. My husband had the beef meatballs with brown mushroom gravy over tater tots and paired them with a salad which was quite large and very good. I had the special sausage meatballs with red sauce with onions and peppers and a side of mac n cheese. All were delicious.On the flip side....we waited way too long for a waitress to come over and even take our drink order. However once she arrived, service was great. She explained everything clearly and was very helpful.I would have enjoyed some bread but you don't get any. My "saucy balls" didn't have much sauce at all and when I asked for a little more, she charged me $2.00 for it. No big deal.Certainly worth a trip before a show or anytime! Try the parmesan mac n cheese....oh my!
5	Amaze (meat)balls. Best veggie meatballs I've ever had. Excellent poutine. Friendly staff, great vibe. Looking forward to their other locations.
4	This was my first visit to Sienna Mercato. A girl friend said I should give it a shot. I'm glad she did though there are some negatives as well.First they give you this flavored water at the table, nice mellow mood to this place too. The bar looks awesome though me and my lunch mate sat at a table. They have 32 beers on tap. I went with the 4 Saucy Balls. Two beef and two spicy pork. I had the house gravy on one of each and the cheesy Parmesan on the other two. The quality, taste, and service were great. Though I will say I wish the portions were larger considering the cost. The 4 balls were $12...it would have been another $4 for a pasta and lets remember this is lunch! I wasn't up for a $20 lunch even though I still spent $15 with the tip. I think you have to look at all factors when giving a review. This was a expensive lunch but I will visit again but it will have to be a occasion.
5	Oh it was truly great!  I went there yesterday after reading the reviews and was not disappointed. We ordered tots, crab filled mushrooms, pork and steak meatballs, risotto and fries. The wine was good and the meatballs and tots totally lived up to  the reputation. Will be going here again!
4	This place looks like a high class barn. A little odd on the decor. First off the menu is confusing. The waitress had to explain everything a couple times. There are no descriptions of the all different sauces on the menu. We had to have the waitress describe those to us as well. We had a combination of saucy balls at our table. Everyone liked everything. The meatballs are a good size. If you start with an app or a salad you'd probably be okay with two balls. If you're just eating balls you'll need four. I had one slider with the Sunday gravy (basic red sauce) and the poutine on the side. I was able to eat half my fries. The cheesy bread is to die for and all the salads were very fresh with high quality ingredients. In addition to the confusing menu bringing the waitress over every three minutes, they also give you the tiniest glasses. I think everyone was in constant need of a refill. I'm pretty sure if you were there on a busy night you would not get the attention you needed from the waitress.  One last tiny peeve is that the two tables they pushed together for us were both wobbly as well as three of our six chairs. Oh and the cocktails are over priced for the size. My 4oz sloe gin fizz was $8. All of that said, the service great, the food was fresh and fairly priced. I'm excited to see the next two levels once their open.
5	Before dragging my husband to the Home & Garden show at the Convention Center today, I thought having a tasty lunch beforehand might put him in a better mood. After hearing about the new Sienna Mercato Emporio, I knew that we had to check it out.I don't often dish out 5 star reviews for restaurants, particularly after the first try. However, the food here was AMAZING!!! Between my husband and me, I was able to try two meatballs (Classic Beef and Spicy Pork), three sauces (Creamy Parmesan, Mushroom Gravy, and Tzatziki), and two sides (Penne and Mac & Cheese). Everything was absolutely incredible! I could pour the Creamy Parmesan sauce on almost any food, and the Tzatziki sauce was a perfect combination with the Spicy Pork meatball.In addition to incredible food, the service was very good, and the decor was modern and trendy. I cannot wait for the 2nd and 3rd floors of Sienna Mercato to open, Mezzo (pizza and wine) and Il Tetto (rooftop beer garden). I will definitely be back!
3	Concept vs. execution. Love the idea of a meatball-specific establishment in downtown Pittsburgh, but can meatballs alone make it? Thank goodness two more floors are still set to open, each with their own focus. Not that the meatballs weren't good....they were good, just not great. Not enough to bring me back for anything but a quick lunch.Speaking of execution, they have the style part down pat. My dining companion and I each ordered spicy pork meatballs because they were gluten-free once our server clued us in to that fact. Score! However, the menu says it's the chicken meatballs that are gluten-free - poor execution of the menu. I wasn't disappointed since the spicy pork meatballs sounded much more tempting! (Just fix the menu, please,before someone accidentally orders the chicken meatballs and suffers a reaction. I'd think it would be a pretty simple fix to place stickers on the menu until new menus are printed.) Anyway, back to the balls. Great flavor, nice spice and heavy as a solid rubber ball. Still, I'd order them again....and not just because it's the only one on the menu that's gluten-free.Sauces. I ordered my balls with the Sunday sauce and a side of tomato risotto. My dining partner had hers with the arabbiata sauce and a side of beans and greens. The presentation was quite nice for a dish of humble meatballs. A silver dish with 4 nice size meatballs carressed by a silken red sauce on top of my side dish of risotto. What? Wish I'd realized they automatically put your balls on top of your side. I'd prefer my risotto unadulterated, please. The sauce was decent, just not what I've ever considered Sunday sauce. Where was the meat? The risotto was okay, but for a tomato risotto I expected to be able to discern a nice sharp parm through the rice and tomato. Eh.And my companion's? Her arabbiata was no different from my Sunday sauce except that possibly there was a smidge more heat. Maybe. Her beans & greens? They tasted like canned beans and boiled greens. Where were the deep, rich, garlicky, long-cooked flavors of good beans & greens? Nowhere to be found. Skip the beans & greens.The cocktail list? Eh. Nothing tempting whatsoever. At least the bar was packed with young professionals checking each other out over their never empty glasses. Looks like a happening place for after work!Bottom line? The space is nice. The cocktail list is boring. The food needs some serious improvement. BUT, I have hopes the execution of the menu will rise to meet the presentation and the surroundings. I'm looking forward to checking it out again in a month or so and being able to raise my rating. And please, execute the hell out of that cocktail list before my next visit? Thanks.
5	"Hey, Jules, let's go somewhere different for lunch!  Why don't you pick?""Did you say different?  I've got just the place!"Can you imagine the brains behind this new concept restaurant?  Let's serve meatballs.  Different sides.  Different sauces.  Let's make the joint trendy.  And this works.  The interior has lots of reclaimed wood, interesting light fixtures with vintage light bulbs, lots of modern metal chairs, comfortable booths and garage doors up front so when Spring finally does arrive, they can open this place up.  It's also a pretty good spot to watch a game.Also, not sure why this is listed as Sienna Mercato.  Only Emporio is open so far.  So, I think it's going to be confusing when the other floors open with different names.  I would think each floor deserves it's own Yelp page.Anyway, first off, our server was amazing.  We must have looked blank and stupid staring at the menu trying to make sense of it.  Of course, after she explained it, the menu makes sense.  Service was very friendly and attentive.  BJ was very happy because of all the beer choices on draft.  And we appreciate that.  BJ was first up.  He got the wedge salad and two of the sliders.  His picks were Classic Beef (grandma's secret) with arribiatta sauce.  And a Vegetarian (mushroom, white bean, cauliflower) with spinach-almond pesto sauce.  The arribiatta was thick and full of flavor.  Amazing.  And the pesto sauce was even better.  The balls are huge.  Two and 1/2 ounces.  Doesn't sound like much, but that's a lot.  The salad had tomato, chopped egg, pancetta, a nicely craved carrot, and crouton.  The blue cheese dressing was SO good!  I was being overly cautious with my order.  I simply got the Vegetable Minestrone soup and a ball.  The soup was very hearty, and consisted of tomato-fennel broth, carrot, onion, green beans, and kidney beans.  So good!  I got my meatball plain, I picked the Spicy Pork with chili pepper and herbs.  Perfect.  But I could not leave well enough alone, I had to copy the big guy and get a slider, too.  Funny how fast they can bring those balls out.  My second go round was yet another Spicy Pork, this one with the pork bolognese.  The slider buns are soft and delicious, the sauce was yum yum.  Needless to say, I was totally stuffed full, over my limit.  And had to miss out on dessert.  That's okay, because we are sure to come back soon!
4	Sienna Mercato's Emporio: Meatball Lovers UniteDisclaimer: I write the word balls in this review...a lot. In Italian, the word emporio often refers to a store.  Well, the geniuses behind Sienna Mercato may have developed the concept to one of the greatest "stores" of all time...a meatball lover's paradise.  If you love savory, meaty balls every which way, it's time to follow me down to Emporio: A Meatball Joint.Let's face it, 'Burghers...our downtown scene was pretty dismal a few years back.  But lately, I'm finding myself "dahn" here more and more.  Sienna Mercato is one of the newest ventures you'll find on Penn Ave.  It's slated to be one of the hottest spots in the city if it lives up to the hype. The top floor, which will be Il Tetto is promising a rooftop beer garden with light munchies.  The middle floor, Mezzo, is sounding more like a sit down eatery, complete with charcuterie, pasta, and wood fired pizza.  While I'm certainly looking forward to experiencing both of these establishments, I'm here to share my current love for the main floor...Emporio. The interior of Emporio is trending with the likes of new bars that are popping up in various larger cities...simply modern (a concrete floor and brick walls) with a splash of retro funk (metal chairs and "vintage" bulbs).  With this kind of vibe, there was a great collection of people there both times I've visited.  Picture suits n' ties, hipsters wearing ties, rowdy college kids, and older folks scowling at the lot of 'em.  Tasty balls of meat are the common denominator uniting us all.When casually dining out, we often avoid the dining area and Emporio's expansive bar, complete with 32 rotating taps and an average cocktail menu, is the perfect spot for a Friday night.  The beers are a bit pricey, but considering the locale of this joint, I understand their price points.  That's all the more reason to hit up happy hour when you can score  1/2 price pints, $5 glasses of wine, and $2 Happy Balls (sliders).   We sat at the bar on our latest visit and...To read my full review and check out delicious food pics, please visit:http://fork2mouth.blogspot.com/2014/03/sienna-mercatos-emporio-meatball-lovers.html
5	I ate at the meatball place. I love a good meatball place because its pretty cheap and you can be imaginative for the combinations you make. And this place meats (typo intentional) the bill. Good friendly service, water in little mason jars, and the ability to try different types of meatballs. Also good apps and side items available. Would definitely eat here again, especially since the price/value is so good.
4	I stopped by here this past Saturday pre-evening for dinner with my fiance and 2 other dining companions after catching a matinee at the Cabaret theater.  I have been wanting to try this place since I had read about it opening and this proved to be the perfect opportunity.  Walking down Penn Ave, Sierra Mercato is not exactly the easiest place to spot.  Thankfully we knew that it eventually would consist of three different floors/"restaurants" and eventually spotted a cleverly depicted sign with 3 cutouts, one for each.  Once we were inside I was surprised but happy to see that the restaurant had a rustic feel to it.  As a matter of a fact I think this restaurant would be just at home in a small town as it is near the heart of the city.Since this was our first time here we wanted to try a number of different items.  My fiance and I started out with their buffalo fried chicken balls as well as some pountine topped with pancetta.  Whenever I ordered the poutine the waitress asked me what type of gravy I would like with it.  I've had pountine a number of times and never have I been asked what type of gravy I wanted.  Even so I quickly answered brown gravy which the waitress translated to chicken gravy which was ok by me.  After only a short wait our first two dishes came out.  The poutine ended up being pretty good especially with the addition of the pancetta.  My only complaint about it would be that the cheese curds were completely melted and I couldn't even tell that they were curds.  The buffalo meatballs on the other hand were superb.  I loved the spiciness of the sauce as well as the topping, which was a blue cheese like dressing, and even thought that the meatballs were pretty good too.  Then for my entree I decided to order two meatball sliders so that I could try different combinations of meatballs and sauces.  The first was a chicken meatball with a creamy parmesan sauce and the second a pork meatball with the arribiatta sauce while my fiance went with the grinder with beef meatballs and a spinach-almond pesto sauce.  I can't say that I was really wowed by either of my dishes although both were still plenty good.  The arribiata sauce provided a nice spice while the creamy Parmesan had a nice comforting flavor to it, especially with the meatball underneath.The bottom line for me is that I would stop by here again in the future.  It might not be my first pick downtown on a normal day but if I happened to be craving some comfort food then this would be the place to head to.
4	SO MUCH MEAT. SO MANY MEATBALLS. This place has forced me to rethink my meatball consumption capacity. Three meatballs in a meatball grinder? "No problem!" I thought. In fact, give me some mac and cheese on the side and I will polish that off like a pro. Reality check: 16 hours later, I was still totally full and convinced I would never eat again.I went with the spicy pork meatballs + pork bolognese. In retrospect, maybe I overdid it on the pork, but wow, it was good. The mac and cheese was creamy, the meatballs were moist, and the beers kept coming. If I could do it over again, I would probably do what my friend did and order a handful of sliders with sauce on the side so I could experiment with flavor combinations. I'm excited to see how the other three floors stack up, but so far, so good.
5	Excellent food, service. The balls are delicious & I enjoy the daily balls too... always something new. Prices are really reasonable. Cocktails aren't as fancy as other places, but they've got a decent selection. Looking forward to them carrying arsenal ciders! :-)
5	Simple yet effective. Very original food concept. Food tasted great, atmosphere and staff are very friendly. I definitely recommend it and will come again.
4	The wife and I went here for lunch before the Home and Garden show and I have to say that I was impressed. I like the idea of a restaurant that has a different theme on each level. I don't believe that all the levels are open yet but we did get a chance to eat at Emporio. Emporio's thing is meatballs and reminds me a bit of Franktuary in that they have a focus to their food and that food is meant to be ordered in multiples. Franktuary has their hotdogs and Emporio has it's Meatballs. You can of course order other things other than meatballs but you can also add  meatballs to pretty much anything which is great fun as well. The meatballs were very good and can be made with different ingredients and be accompanied by serval different sauce. So you pick your ball and your sauce and then your dish you want that sauce and meatballs to be placed in. I had the sliders and it was delicious. I feel the sides were plenty big to share so don't go overboard ordering too many of them. Had the mac and cheese and it was delicious as well Give it a go, it's a great place grab a bite if you are in the neighborhood.
5	Calling all Pittsburgh foodies this is the new downtown hot spot!!  I love meatballs and could not wait to try this place out. They do not take reservations but are on No Wait and we really did not have to wait at all-it was a Sunday night but the place was bumping!  They had a nice selection of draft beers-I went with my favorite White Lightening by Full Pint.  We started with the buffalo chicken meatballs (tasted just like boneless buffalo wings) which was mixed in a sauce with blue cheese and shredded celery-the perfect combo and not too spicy. Now on to the exciting part picking your meatballs and sauce.  I went with the classic beef meatballs on a Panini with gouda cheese (you can pick from 3 cheeses). They had a variety of sauces and I stuck with the classic tomato sauce. It was the perfect combo of sweet and savory and a terrific combo.  For my side I went with the pasta fagiolo which was delicious. They have a nice selection of soups including wedding soup and matzo ball soup and you can add meatballs to any of them for a small charge. My date ordered the saucy balls-you get 4 meatballs although you cannot mix and match.  He went with the spicy pork with the tzatziki sauce to cool it down a little. The tzatzikii sauce was fantastic!  For $4 extra dollars you can have the balls put on a side and he choose the tomato risotto (different flavor each day).  The service was great, loved the atmosphere and can't wait to go back and try out more combos!!
5	Buffalo Chicken Balls. Get them. AMAZING.
4	Sienna Mercato is a great addition to the Downtown restaurant scene.  Although the menu is somewhat limited, the food is reasonably priced and the service is quick and friendly.  I chose the Spicy Pork Meataballs and the Escarole & Beans, and both were delicious.  The location is perfect for before or after a show downtown, which is a real plus.  The front opens up when the weather is nice, which is a wonderful feature.  The food is not at the same level as their sister restaurant, Sienna Sulla Piazza, but the prices are more reasonably priced and there's a lot less waiting time.  They don't take reservations, however they have lots of tables, so I can't imagine a long wait.
4	This is a meatball joint. They sell beer and drinks. It is not fine dining. I think they do a great job and they aren't trying to be anything they aren't. I dig this place and I eat here frequently. I do not give out very many 5 star ratings. 4 stars is a really good score for me.
4	It's been a long time coming for a meatball shop with the standards of a traditional Italian meatball with a modern twist. They give you the option of having that savory ball of meat with a homemade tomato sauce but why stop there?  There are multiple combinations of sauces to choose from. My favorite being the spicy pork with a creamy Parmesan sauce over top. It is a simple concept that puts the balls in your court (never gets old). Also I recommend adding a vegetable to any of the meatballs you get. I got the tomato risotto, that was out of this world! Definitely a place to hit up if you are ever in the burgh' plus come this summer, there will be a roof top beer garden/bar to enjoy along with your meatballs! What more could you ask for?
5	This place is amazing.  I love the idea of the focus on meatballs.  The menu allows for a variety of ways to have your meatballs, such as on sliders, just by themselves, or on top of poutine.  They say you can't "mix your balls" but they do allow you to buy them a la carte for a little more money then you can mix all you want!  I went twice and got a few different meatballs with different sauces I mixed and matched.  They each came out in individual little bowls.  I got beef, pork, chicken, and vegetarian with a variety of sauces.  And each day they also have a special meatball of the day.  They were all amazing, even the vegetarian one that I had with a delicious pesto sauce.  I also really enjoyed the mac-n-cheese and poutine (available with pancetta and a fried egg on top!).  The atmosphere is trendy with a good vibe and now that the weather is nice they have the front wall opened up to the outside which is really nice.  They had a great draft beer list and half off drafts during happy hour 4-6.  Service was excellent.  I'll definitely be back.
5	Great new restaurant on Penn Ave that's reasonably priced. At first I thought this would be an upscale restaurant based on the name but I think they did that on purpose. It's a comfortable restaurant that's only been open for about two months. The meatballs were delicious and the menus were very original. I had the pork meatballs in a panini with Gouda and spinach almond pesto. The sauce was amazing. For a side I had the rocket salad with balsamic vinaigrette. Great atmosphere with the bar and stainless steel dining. Definitely going back again to try the other sauces. Our waiter told us they're going to have 3 floors with a rooftop area too. Great addition to the restaurant scene of downtown Pittsburgh.
2	Cool atmosphere, but thats about it.  The wedding soup was cold and bland and the meatballs I had were dried out and without much flavor.I'll give it another try when the upstairs opens, but for now I'll pass.
4	Veggie meatballs were excellent...and we had better poutine there than in Montreal!  The atmosphere is casual and the service nice.  Get non-alcoholic beer!!
4	The pickle appetizer is incredible!  It is worth the trip just for them!  Very thinly sliced sweet pickles, flash fried, with a bacon dipping sauce. Delicious.Enjoyed the meatballs and sauce combinations. A fun (but noisy) place to eat. Definitely will return for more pickles!
4	Sienna Mercato is a restaurant in a three-story building with a different dining concept on each level. During my trip to a conference in downtown Pittsburgh, only the first level, Emporio, was completed and open for business. Emporio's concept is gourmet meatballs and I'm usually the last person to order meatballs because they are usually lacking taste and come with the standard marinara sauce. When this place popped up on my restaurant search, I was actually excited to see something other than the standard meatball on the menu.  I tried this place and liked it so much the first time that I went for a second trip.  I was pleasantly surprised to see a vegetarian "meatball" on the menu as well which had a good taste and flavor. You can add a meatball to a salad or a soup or you can order one of their meatball sandwich options with your choice of sauce. If that's not enough, they also have a great variety of side dishes that you can add to your meal. The only issue was the slow service on both visits but this place made enough of an impression that I will definitely go back!
5	How does one take a mundane thing such as a meatballs and turn it into a masterpiece of culinary chef d'oeuvre. Taking a dish, that most of us have extensive exposure to and flip our preconceived perceptions of the lowly maligned meatball. They elevate this stalwart of many a dish from supporting cast to the bell of the ball!I know what you must be thinking how could a meatball shop be "trendy" or "classy". Well all you have to do is step through the doors of this new shop and you will not only see but know the answer.This new gem on the street of cuisine is an amazing addition to the fare available. This former piano gallery has transformed into a fun filled establishment buzzing with life and full of verve. When you first walk in the dark wood and metal create a warm, cozy, yet upscale feel. You are greeted at the door with smiles and welcomed to the fun. There are no reservations needed so there can be a wait but Mercato is part of the modern trend of restaurants that utilize your smart phone to help with the wait. So download for free the app NoWait and you can check in before arriving so you are already in line plus if they don't show on the list there is ... no wait!Once you are seated the servers all have been absolutely incredible. We have had the distinct privilege of being served by Nick twice now who elevated our experience from great to truly don't miss out! The servers have fun with the names of the dishes on the list and yes you can easily get a bit irreverent and borderline inappropriate with the play on ordering "saucy balls" and "grinders". Additionally the drinks are based on a bit of a throwback so nothing overly fancy or crazy names just good drinks to accompany GREAT food!Not often can I say this about a restaurant but nothing on the menu is substandard it's all good! From the poutine which when ordered with mushroom gravy and an egg on top is as close as you'll get to an order of this awesomeness in Toronto. The beef, pork, chicken, and specialty balls are all amazing and not one of the myriad of sauces are wonderfully crafted and superbly delicious. The menu is uncomplicated and easily perused but because of how incredible everything is it rapidly descends into the depths of your own disappointment as you only have enough space in your own belly to fit so much. With the promise of two more floors being nearly completed for the summer, the quality, care, and flavors that their food delivers on I am waiting with baited breath and salivating incisors at the fine food these additions will unveil to the world of Pittsburgh. In other more simple terms...... What are you waiting for (besides a table) get down to Penn Ave and have your mind and taste buds blown away by those saucy balls at Sienna Mercato Emporio. You'll leave with a new found respect for the simple yet majestically masterful meatball and all this little leviathan will bring to your palate. Oh yeah all of this for a reasonable cost ta-boot!!! Thank you Nick from Nicholas Coffee for a wonderfully amazing addition to the street of cuisine may all your future endeavors be as incredible as this!!
1	Waiting for a drink at the beer garden on the rooftop bar and it has been 22 minutes and counting for the drink to arrive. I love sienna mercato and all of the food there. But this was so ridiculous. Hopefully this place will get better.
4	I feel like we really lucked out stopping here after dinner on a Saturday night only the second night the rooftop bar was open.  That was super cool, and when we got there it wasn't yet totally packed so we were able to get a seat at the bar and grab a drink rather quickly.   Settling down with our Craft Drafts we just enjoyed the warm, and humid air of the night.The rooftop was tops!  The view was nice, I love that the ceiling can retract if it starts to rain and there are TV's everywhere in this place including the elevator you take to get to the 3rd floor rooftop.As the night got busier I think they could have used more help with their bartenders.  We didn't really experience this too bad, but I heard others around us ranting and raving about how long it was taking to get a drink...  I think this rooftop could advantage from a walkup bar that had no patrons sitting there to move the lines easier.  Either way we enjoyed ourselves a lot, and would definitely stop back here for the atmosphere and the beer.  And next time I gots to try some of these saucy balls I keep reading about...
5	For a new restaurant I'm very impressed! I'm such a sucker for a place that has a theme that carries throughout. They obviously put a lot of thought behind how they wanted the place to look and feel. It looked like a lot of the wood was reclaimed from barns, you know, that kinda hip look right now? Are they calling it barn chic? Who knows... but I do know the food was gooooood!I'm way into cream sodas and was so excited to see them, plus you can spike it with vodka... DONE! It was delicious too, with the seasonal flavor being pecan. The only thing wrong was that it went too fast... my bad!We started off with the warm olives and mozzarella, which was good and made me want more! The crab balls were good and I think if you're really into crab, this will probably be your jam. The poutine was the only thing that was so so. The fries were legit fresh cut, but the gravy sank all the way to the bottom and wasn't very plentiful and the curds weren't very melty. This was probably the one item that was just okay. But I kept eating, so you know it was fine!I wanted to get just the saucy balls aka 4 meatballs. But I thought you could choose different balls and sauces (this sounds so dirty... but how can I not make this sound dirty??). But you can't do that. No ball switching allowed! SO I went with the sliders instead because you're allowed to pick your balls freely...I got the:Meatball Sliders were $3.50 eachClassic beef with Sunday GravySpicy Pork with arribiatta Chicken with creamy parmesanThe best by far was the chicken with parm. I really thought I would have been down with the regular classic beef, but man was that chicken ball good! With the creamy parm it just paired amazingly. The Spicy Pork was my second fave, with a spicy arribiatta sauce to go with it. The Classic was still good, but the others just blew it out of the water!The service was super friendly, and I was surprised to see it so dead, but it was a Saturday afternoon with not much going on downtown (other than a weird anime conference at the convention center). I will note that I loved their serveware! Stainless steel deep bowls with handles. It made serving and eating easier. I know that's a weird thing to notice, but I loved them and kinda want them for my kitchen now. Don't worry, I won't steal them...
1	Meh. Supposedly "trendy" place.  Long wait on a Friday evening, but that is to be expected. The food certainly wasn't great. Not bad, but certainly not all that good. Our waitress clearly didn't want to be there. And I'm sure there are plenty of friendly and hardworking waiters and waitresses there, so I certainly don't mean to group them all together in one blanket statement. But I'm pretty sure our waitress hated us.If it's on the menu, get the corned beef ball. Avoid the risotto, the chicken ball and the government cheese mac n cheese.
5	Went to Sienna Mercato for lunch with some friends.  I ordered two meatball sliders and a side of fresh-cut fries.  One slider had a beef meatball with the mushroom gravy.  The other was the pork meatball with the arribiatta sauce.  The meatballs were excellent - both tender and flavorful.  The two sliders plus fries cost $12.  Not a bad price for good quality and quantity of food.  My lunch companions also enjoyed their meals.  We agreed to come back soon.
2	Upstairs beer garden. Service was slow, couldn't even fill water glass. Large convention in town, need better management on staffing.
4	My friends and I were there a few weeks ago because we were intrigued by the meatballs concept.  The inside of Emporio(the first floor) was modern and fairly rustic at the same time.  Not surprisingly, there were many people dining and drinking on Friday night which was awesome to see.  When we got there, we had to wait 30 minutes just because there was so many people.  We finally got our seats, and looked at the menu.  There were some interesting things on the menu that we were not familiar with.  This is where it got really ugly.  The waitress with the tattoos came over and asked what we wanted.  When we asked questions about the menu, she just kind of gave a one word answer, and did not seem that she liked us or wanted to be there.  I understand that being a server sucks sometimes, but you have to be nice to your customers be somewhat passionate about the restaurant.  It's meatballs; everyone should be passionate about in some capacity.  As far as the food goes, two of my friends did not like their chicken meatball dish because they said it lacked flavor.   I ended up getting a pork meatball slider with pesto sauce, and tomato risotto.  They were both fantastic and not too filling.  The risotto was creamy without being mushy.  The pork slider was meaty of course, and the pesto sauce, added nutty basil flavor to the meatball.Overall I thought the food was fantastic, but the server needs to be more passionate and nicer overall.  I will come back regardless to try the other kinds of meatballs.
2	Been here 4 times now for lunch.  Nice atmosphere, good service, decent food.  Not sure why I keep coming back though.  Everything is overpriced.  Small portions.  Those two comments really sum this place up.
5	Is it wrong to be in love with a restaurant? If SM were a person, I'm sure he would be my soul mate. I stopped here a while back on a Saturday mid afternoon for a late lunch. When I walked in, I immediately knew this was my type of place. Modern, casual and chic. The decor reminds me of what would be at a classy backyard bbq. From the combination of stainless steel and glassware to the exposed brick SM will make anyone feel welcome and at ease. And I do mean anyone. Bring the kids, bring grandma, everyone will love it. Now onto the food.We tried several of the saucy balls. You can order individual balls with different sauces to try out as many combos ad you'd like. And at 3 bucks a ball, you can't go wrong. My favorite was the pork with the arribiata sauce, a yummy and slightly spicy red sauce. I also really enjoyed the garlic parm fries. Think chicken wing but on fresh cut fries. The menu has so much to offer (even vegetarian balls!) and at such reasonable prices, you'll want to bring the family every week. Which brings me to my one and only issue with SM, the location. Despite my love of SM, I doubt I will be back as often as I would l like. Having to find parking downtown, pay and walk a couple blocks to just to get to the restaurant is a large negative for south hillers like me. I wonder if others will feel the same? Hopefully a neighborhood location will be in the works sometime soon.
5	Our first experience there was very disappointing in terms of service and overall atmosphere, but when we brought it to the attention of the general manager, he was immediately responsive. He offered to have a group of us back for lunch, his treat. We went today and it was a complete 180 from the first time. It was very busy, but the service was excellent, the food was amazing and we even got a tour of the rooftop IlTetto Beer Garden, complete with retractable glass ceiling. The view was amazing, and we were so impressed with the whole experience. We will definitely be back, and we highly recommend it -- what a fabulous addition to Downtown!
4	Still a cool spot but so understaffed....in my near future I see long waits and confused bartenders...
2	Apparently people love this place and there are some redeeming qualities.  We were there on a Saturday evening around 7pm and the customer service experience was not stellar.  We experienced long wait times for drinks and the waiter rarely came back to check on our table.  It seemed like they had plenty of food runners but hardly any wait staff.  They were grossly understaffed and the managers were not jumping in to help.  When I received my food it was ok.  I had the pickle chips, which were excellent.  I also had the wedge salad with the balsamic vinaigrette dressing.  The salad was very nice but the dressing was mostly oil and had no flavor.  The others sitting next to me enjoyed the other dressing selections though.  My main course was the grinder sandwhich with the marinara sauce which they call Sunday gravy  and beef meatballs.  The bread was stale and the marinara was sparsely applied.  Unfortunately I can get a better meatball sandwich at the local bar with half the hassle.  To be fair though, once we finally got the waiters attention and ordered the food, the food came quickly and in the correct order.  I really enjoyed the overall atmosphere and decor in general but they do have some construction going on at the moment so there is a plastic tarp over the stairwell going to the second floor and this is right in the middle of the restaurant.  Not sure at this point if I will go back.
4	Im such a sucker for a rooftop bar that serves a good moscow mule.  My friends and I went here right around happy hour on a Friday and rightfully so it was crowded.  I would def suggest either getting here early to get a seat or call early for a reservation if you plan on eating.  All in all they have great drink options and the bartenders work quick enough to not keep you thirsty for too long. Great spot, but I'll be sure to check this out during week and maybe actually get a seat at the bar
4	I love the decor in this restuarant ! I had the Rocket salad it was really good!  And I had a classic beef meatball on a bun with sunday gravy which is just a marinara sauce it was good!  I definetly want to go back and try some other dishes and appitizers that look really good, The front of the resturant opens up to the outside which is really nice!
3	I think this place is massively over-hyped. The food, while not bad, was far from exceptional considering there is a sole focus...and I have no plans to return.Also, I went with Darren. That dude is great. Things we tried: 1.) Poutine with gravy on fries.-Fries were as average as you can get, nothing about the gravy or curds stood out. Really lacking in the salt dept.2.) Arancini (mushroom) w/ truffle aioli.-A shadow of previous incarnations of arancini I have had in my day. These were tiny and not exceptionally flavorful. I liked eating them but they left so much to be desired.  Also, I am sick of truffle aioli. It's like the sriracha of mayo-y dipping sauces and I wish people could make an effort to be more creative.3.) Spicy Pork, Classic, and Corned Beef meatballs in various sandwich forms.-Look guys, if you're going to focus on something..hit it out of the park. Am I biased? Sure. I've been to http://www.yelp.com/biz/salumi-artisan-cured-meats-seattle-2and these are the best meatballs I have ever had. None of what I had at Mercato was bad persay, but I would never suggest to anyone that these were anything above a typical meat concoction. They are overcooked in the sense that they are cooked a bit above a temp that retains moisture. Though not dry, the texture did leave a bit over a bit to be desired.If you're going to head downtown and pay for parking (see below) to eat at a trendy place, it has to excel. It has to wow you. It has to make you feel like it was worth the trip. To me, this was not a place I'd go out of my way to try again.(A final kicker, there was Valet parking across the street for this place. When I picked up my car, I was *then* informed that it was $10. That's a tad bit shady, seeing as most places would..you know..advertise the price on the sign...I assumed it was complimentary parking)
5	Meatball of the day!  Sliders.  Tater tots.  Great atmosphere.  Great layout.  Roof top bar with retractable roof.  Ok you will love it.   Rain or shine this place is fine.  Excellent diverse beer selection.
2	Not impressed. Maybe because I'm Italian and from New York And I'm spoiled. But the Sunday sauce was far from delicious. The Mac and cheese was overly seasoned with Parmesan. This place needs to hire a real Italian.
4	I went to Emporio a couple weeks ago and it was exceptional. Extremely simple food done well. I had the poutine with tater tots, bacon, cheese, and mushroom gravy as well as a wedge salad, olives, and Parmesan fries.  Everything was delicious but the fries were supposed to have vinegar on them and I didn't taste it at all. Nice ambience, but extremely loud and the service was incredibly slow. I'm looking forward to checking out the rooftop bar next time!
4	Stopped in with several business colleagues for lunch. The place was packed, but thankfully we had made reservations and were quickly attended to. The place is really just a meatball joint that offers a variety of meats to choose from and then some really good appetizers/finger foods, fries, and salads. The portion sizes are more than adequate, too...and the prices are pretty reasonable for downtown eating. Not to forget, the place does have a great "feel" to it with the open-wall style seating so you can watch the passers-by.  I'd definitely be interested to try the rooftop bar on a great weather night. 3.5 stars, but giving it a little bump to 4 since it's above 3 stars, for sure.  Looking forward to my next time back...cheers!
1	Treat you like it is studio  54. If you are not someone, don't expect to get on the roof on sat.
2	First time here and although the ambiance was very good the service and food was mediocre. We waited at least 15 minutes before a bartender would take our order.  It seems that the people who were seated had priority. Each bartender was working the whole bar instead of an area of the very long bar. The food was ok but the vegetarian meatballs were not fully cooked and the mushroom gravy was pasty and thick. Not what was expected. Pork meatballs were good. Service was better downstairs.
2	While the atmosphere, food, and drink were beyond expectations, the service left a lot to be desired. From the moment we walked in the door we were treated badly. The hostess was rude to us and then our waitress was also rude. There were several open tables, but service was slow. 30 minutes to get drinks when we had a clear view of them sitting on the bar. My friend politely told the waitress that she thought she had been given the wrong beer. Her response was, "No, that's what you ordered!" I have really never been treated like this anywhere in my life. Overall, I don't want to go back, but may give it a second chance. I don't see this place making it past 1 year.
2	I gave this place 2 chances before deciding to write a review... Overall it is a great concept: who doesn't love a good meatball!?  That, in my opinion, is where the excitement ends.  Upon walking into the restaurant, it took 4 people behind the hostess stand almost 30 seconds to acknowledge that we were standing there -- One of whom I can only assume is a manager due to his more professional attire (I'll get back to that later).  We were seated and given water (for some reason they won't fill your glass up the entire way which is probably not a big deal for some people, but it's just odd. Oh, and be prepared to ask for ice).Once we were seated, we told our waitress we were waiting for 2 more people but that we would look at the menus in the time being.  She stopped back for our drink orders shortly after. At this point, we heard from the other 2 in our party that they would not be eating, just drinking, and to go ahead and order without them.  We did, and we let our waitress know that the other two would be coming shortly.  Our first item, the tater tot poutine, came out quickly and was SO good. I would go back just for that!  Shortly after, our 2 other friends arrived.  The waitress made NUMEROUS trips past our table without acknowledging them, asking how our food was, etc.  She finally stopped back for their drink orders.  The rest of the dinner was fairly uneventful but we did notice that all the other tables seated after us received their food before we did -- and we were only waiting on 4 meatballs.Back to the attire I mentioned earlier.  When you walk into this place, its decorated extremely well -- at least for my taste -- and I would consider it a cute date night spot downtown.  However, the servers' "uniforms" are less than cute and really take away from the whole atmosphere.  Cutoff jean shorts, jean skirts, T-shirts, cowboy boots, hats... pretty much whatever they wanted to wear, as long as they had a restaurant t-shirt on.  The gentleman at the hostess stand was dressed well as was another young gal who seemed to be in charge of seating guests, so perhaps she was a manager as well.If this place wants to keep up with the Jonses (aka Sonoma Grille, Ten Penny, etc.) they really need to take a step back and look at the overall picture. The food is phenomenal but I just can't get over the servers and what seemed to be a general lack of care for their personal appearance.
2	I had such high hopes based on other reviews, but ultimately I was left a bit disappointed.  Perhaps it was a result of having my expectations set too high based on the feedback of others, but I was not impressed.Atmosphere - 8/10 - very cool decor with open air front, reclaimed wood and rustic decor throughout.  I really like the vibe in here.  The only downside was that, when seated near to the sidewalk with the front windows all of the way up, the sidewalk is the de facto smoking area and I was constantly getting mouthfuls of hot and humid cigarette smoke.  Nothing SM can really do about that, but it still gets -1 point.Service - 5/10 - agree with one of the other reviewers that the seemingly "anything goes" vibe in terms of waitstaff clothing was a bit odd.  I didn't see anything too outrageous, but it definitely classed the place down a little bit.  I'm not expecting Ceviche here, but being able to quickly identify your server vs. a patron is kind of a necessity.  I also just didn't get the warm and friendly vibe from a single person (hostess, host, server, or otherwise). Granted, they were busy, but you should never be too busy to provide great service.  Lastly, your menu has no description of what is in the meatballs or what the sauces are.  Either provide a side menu with basic descriptions or incorporate that into the server's table greeting.  Whatever you do, don't A) be annoyed when we ask questions or B) give one word answers because you're busy.Food - 4/10 - really blown away by the 4 and 5 star reviews on this one.  My wife got the sliders and tried 3 different varieties. I got the panini with the meatball of the day.  When you base your concept around a single thing, you better be pretty good at it.  This was just average.  I want to be blown away with how good the meatballs or the sauce are, but I just wasn't.  The food wasn't very hot either, and the cheese on the entrees wasn't even melted.  It seemed they had rushed it through the broiler or oven because they were busy.  Disappointing :(Price - 8/10 - for the location, very reasonable.  I wish I could give this a 2.5 star because it just wasn't quite a 3 for me.  If either the food or service improve only slightly I would have given it 3 stars.
5	The reservation thing was weird and confusing, and the wait was pretty long. However, it was a Friday night at prime dinner time, so I can't complain too much. We got the crab balls, cheesy bread, and truffle parm French fries for apps and they were so freaking good. The fries were probably the best I've ever had in my entire life. For the main course I got the beef meatballs with Gouda and pesto sauce, grinder style- which was three balls on a roll. Holy moly. That was amazing. The pesto was so salty and delicious from the Parmesan it, the Gouda was perfectly sliced, and the balls were fall apart tender and soooooo tasty. DEFINITELY try this place
4	The food and ambiance made the biggest impression on me.  This place has a clear vision of what it is and embodies that really well.  Casual/industrial chic with a limited menu of only meatballs.  No kitchen-sink syndrome here.  The lighting was really low, though; trying to squash the dreams of those Instagramming diners.  The downfall for me was the service - definitely didn't leave me with a great impression.So, the food.  I love meatballs.  I can make my own bomb diggity beef meatball at home, so I went with a turkey meatball slider topped with spinach almond pesto. (I heard from a friend she got a few sliders to try different things and couldn't make it through her second.) I also got a side of escarole and beans.  About halfway through I was thinking "dang, I could go for another one."  The meat was tender and juicy for turkey, though it didn't taste like you just bit off a turkey leg.  The pesto was a perfect compliment to the light meat.  And the slider bun...so fluffy, a little sweet, and perfect.  A harder bun would have squished the meatball - the light bun held the integrity of the ball.My boyfriend got the Meatball of the Day - a sausage ball with BBQ sauce and coleslaw as a grinder.  Harder bun, heartier meatballs, perfect sauce and meat combo again.Now, the service. We were here on the early side, around 5, so we had an attentive server in the beginning.  As more people came in, she practically disappeared.  When it came time to ask if we wanted dessert, I said that I could, but I would need to see the menu again.  She came back quickly....with our check.  Okay.  She's busy, it's cool, we'll just have another beer.So I went to the bar to grab us another round.  The bartender reprimanded me.  "If you're sitting at a table, you have to order from your server."  I explained she was no where in sight and we wanted to grab something before happy hour ended.  He dismissed me saying the manager would take care of it.  I left the bar and waited a good 5 minutes for our server to bring us our beers.When she did, we asked about a price on the check.  The draft menu had our beers at $6, but they rang up $6.50.  She told us the menus were reprinted that day and took our check away, I assume to adjust it.  She didn't.  Now, 50 cents isn't a big deal, we just wanted to let them know there was a discrepancy so they could fix it.After another 15 uncomfortable minutes, we had to ask for our check back - it was getting busy and I felt so awkward holding a table when we could have easily moved to the bar to finish our drinks.  We did and saw that the chalkboards had the price of our beers at $6 as well.Great food, great place, off night for service.
3	Our server, Jamie was wonderful. We went on a busy Friday night and the place was pretty busy. Despite that, she was extremely friendly and was very attentive to our needs.Although the prices were very reasonable and the menu had a variety of items, I was less impressed with the food. If you are going to have a restaurant that serves meatballs, they should be amazing and memorable meatballs!!! I thought they were just ok. My table sampled the beef and pork meatballs with a variety of sauces.I like that you can order the meatballs in a variety of ways, in sauce, on a sandwich, etc., but my favorite part was the macaroni and cheese! It was a generous serving and I got it with the parmesan sauce. Very good!I'd give this place another shot because it's reasonably priced and seems to easily accomodate large groups.
3	I had the special meatball slider, philly cheese meatball slider, so super good, easpecially after 4 beers.. lol. I got one to go and i was not as impressed. not sure if it was the beer or the to-go factor.
5	OMG the beef meatball was so incredibly delicious. I recommend the panini sandwich with beef meatballs and arrabiatta sauce.
4	Great service!  Our waitress was cheerful and accommodating.  The balls were also unexpectedly de'lish!  (Turkey was moist and veggie was vegan).  Stay away from "government cheese" (duh on my part) as it's like velveeta.  Nice spot.
4	Well that was different...a meatball joint. Now this is not necessarily an Italian thing but, I actually judge an Italian restaurant by their meatballs....that's how important they are to me. So it's almost not fair that I walked into a strictly meatball joint... because it's not an Italian restaurant making meatballs, it's a meatball joint making what they make. A little confusing, right? No harm done. The open front of the restaurant and tables practically outside called to me before I even figured out what this place was.Well now, on my Meatball Meter, if this place was strictly an Italian restaurant, I would not have been impressed. The meatballs were better than good but not "oh my god". In all fairness, I only had the beef but you have a choice of 3 others including vegetarian, turkey and spicy pork. Perhaps pork next time. I ordered the grinder and my wife and daughter ordered the sliders. I had beef with "Sunday Gravy" sauce (a marinara). The sauce is a second criterion I use and again it was better than good but not "wow". Understand that I am biased and make my own sauce. I like it salty and with a lot of basil. At the recommendation of our server, Taylor, I had chosen smoked gouda as the topper instead of provolone or american. This really tied the sandwich together and the bread was better than excellent on my scale, hearty, crisp outside and soft inside. The gouda saved the sandwich. My wife had the mushroom gravy on beef meatballs and she rather enjoyed it.Salad was excellent, a balsamic vinegarette (chosen from 5 or so choices) which had a kick to it. Definitely delivered. It was over arugula with tomatoes, fresh mozz and sliced almonds. This was a wow salad. Some pene on the side perfectly al dente but with the Sunday gravy which was suitable. Just wish it was a little saltier.Overall, the atmosphere, presentation, everything was a great experience and, though each quality would have been 3 or 4, the sum total scores a 4 overall for me. We would come back just for the ambiance. Prices not too shabby either. Just under $50 for 3 people including tax and tip.
5	Yummy! The best part, their super helpful menu star system called out every item that contained tree nuts. Thank you! Gavin could eat his meal with the reassurance that it was safe. He loved the homemade donuts, that came to the table warm and still crispy on the outside.
2	The atmosphere is cool.  Great beer selection.  Meatballs were terrible.  I was here a few times when it first opened and I thought they were okay, but now I think they've gone down hill.  I had the spicy pork meatballs and they were very, very hard.  My fiance was laughing watching us trying to cut through them.  I had them on top of the parmesan mac n cheese and I liked that well enough.  We also had cheesy bread as an appetizer and we thought the sauce tasted burnt.  The olives were great.  I'd totally go back to drink but I won't eat there again.  There are way too many great restaurants in Pittsburgh to suffer through a mediocre meal.
3	For as much hype that I had heard about Emporio, I was a little disappointed in my first visit.Pros:- the food is excellent!  sauces tasty, meatballs flavorful and moist, sides surprising and delicious.- atmosphere is trendy and inviting.  - our server was friendly, helpful, and on her game.  reading some of the other reviews citing poor service - today was much better than Cons:- i was disappointed by the size of the lunch entree.  i ordered the panini, with 2 meatballs.  it's literally half a sandwich, cut on a diagonal.  the meatballs are bigger than a golf ball, but not by much.  i think i was expecting Buca di Beppo size meatballs, because it's a meatball restaurant.  or at least a whole sandwich.  the dish of sauce that accompanies the meatballs was delicious, and there was enough to dip the sandwich in.  - maybe I'm too old, but i felt that it was too dark in the booth that we were seated in.- some of the waitstaff wore tshirts with the restaurant name on hem, but many others just seemed to wear whatever they wanted. I wasn't sure who was working there vs. not.  - though i liked the atmosphere, it's very similar to tenpenny, right around the corner.i'm giving this three stars, mostly due to the portion size of the panini being much smaller than I expected.
5	Wandered in here alone because it was across from the hotel, open on Sunday, and I was looking for World Cup and a beer. I don't like eating alone when traveling, but Lindsey behind the bar was super friendly and made me feel at home. I was disappointed to find out the menu consists of mostly just soup, salad, and meatballs, but that was a rash judgment! Maybe 30 taps had local and far away beers, with perhaps half of them IPAs, which is OK by me. I settled on a local brew, the Fatheads Head Hunter IPA, 7.5%, $7.50, which was pretty darn good.I had the meatball grinder with Grandmas traditional beef balls, Sunday sauce (marinara) and provolone, and it may have been the best meatball sub I've ever had. Bread was hot, crusty and substantial, and stood up to the marinara. Balls were huge, racket ball size, and I found I was better off cutting them in half and rearranging on the bun.Great place, and I will definitely be back next time I'm in Pittsburgh.
5	I didn't eat here but I did indulge in the roof-top bar!  Good beer and a lovely view of Pittsburgh!!!!  Good times!
4	Meatballs and beer!This was a grand experience. The food and nice full beer selection were only surpassed by the excellent service. We visited this place on a busy Saturday night and it was packed. Loud by fun atmosphere. Classic Beef with arribiatta, Spicy Pork with creamy parmesan, Chicken with spinach-almond pesto all delish however the Beef was a little bland. I got them in slider form but I would have preferred them In the Saucy Balls. The problem is you cannot mix your balls. With this many choices you should have an option that lets you sample more balls at a time. That would be my only criticism. on the other hand the mushroom arancini were so good I would go back just for them. we also had the tomato risotto and escarole & beans were adequately prepared but nothing to brag about. Plenty of fine drafts on tap and when I say excellent service, I mean it.  I can't wait to go back and try the upper levels.Note to owner: BALL SAMPLER!
4	Birthdays  have always been a week-long celebration in my life. Yes, that means I am blessed (and appreciate it) and get to eat lots of good food while catching  up with loved ones. Sienna Mercato is located Downtown Pittsburgh slightly north of the Cultural District. My aunt and I enjoyed beer (my last for 31 days) and each ordered a la carte meatballs (2 pesto, 2 marinara) and also enjoyed the Poutine (potatoes with cheese). Though all tasty, this experience felt more like a quick business lunch more than a celebratory birthday dinner. We were seated at a wobbly table in the center of the restaurant when many more intimate options were available. I'm not being passive-aggressive, just honest about the "experience." The highlight was a shared order of pecan balls that were sooooo delicious (a bit frozen, so obviously pre made). In the end, I would never go here for a date or dinner, but definitely on the run in a tight timeframe while conducting business Monday-Friday. It would also be a great start prior to a sports game or concert. Attendees beware: the beer garden on the top floor (complete with a revolving glass roof) is only open Wednesday-Saturday. I'm sure that will change as the demand increases. Just FYI. Thanks to Aunt Joan for a lovely night on the town to celebrate Matthew's Eve!
3	For a place that completely dedicates itself to meatballs I feel they should be of better quality.  I tried the meatball grinder, and although the size and price were great the meatballs them self lacked any distinctive flavor.  They weren't  juicy enough and lacked moistness, honestly just average.  It would be tough for me to justify a visit back when I have had better of their only item at italian restaurants nearby.  The crab balls were a nice special.
5	I have a hard time coming up with something that I don't like about this place. Sienna Mercato is a three concept restaurant with Emporio on the ground floor and has been opened the longest, Mezzo is fine dining and is not yet open, and Il Tetto is the rooftop beer garden. Emporio is a great meatball joint. The whole idea is great. Simple menu, low price point, and good drinks. You choose the type of meatball, the type of sauce, and how you want it served. Saucy Balls tends to be my go-to : Four balls covered in sauce. For $4 extra dollars, you can get the balls served over the side of your choice. The tomato risotto is delish. I recently had 2 balls on a panini and YUM! The texture of the crispy bread, cheese, and smashed meatballs was the perfect combo. The parm herb fries came in a MASSIVE portion, covered in parm cheese, and perfectly crispy. Be sure to start the meal off with a strong drink and some pickle chips. It is all so good! The exposed brick and rustic wood works well with the dark lighting and the huge front window that opens up for nice weather days. Be sure to use the NoWait app to get your table, because you could be waiting for quite awhile. If you do get stuck waiting, check out Il Tetto, the rooftop beer garden. Go to the back of emporio to use the elevator to take you up to the third floor. The retractable glass ceiling gives the perfect balance for the unpredictable Pittsburgh weather. At night, the lights strung overhead make for a great atmosphere. It would be a great place for a date, but it also gets pretty crowded. Get there fast and stuff balls in your face.
2	Its hit or miss.We got off on the wrong foot with the wait. My cousin called ahead for a group of ten and on the phone was told an hour and fifteen minutes to an hour and a half. The text she got said 120 min, but after the time she was told on the phone she read that as an hour and 20 min. So after waiting 2 hours we went downstairs to see what was happening and after some hemming and hawing, there was a table after another 10 to 15 minutes. (Notes to restaurant - after we complained you told us its hard to accommodate 10 people in your restaurant. From here on, please tell people that when they call. We have a dozen other places we could visit inside 2 blocks. Also, the words "its only been 2 hours" should never be said to a guest who has already waited 2 hours.)Just based on that part of the experience, I won't plan to return. If I were walking by and saw it empty, I would pop in for sure. But that's the only way I'll go back.Me and my man both had soup. His wedding soup was very good, just shy of great. It sparked a conversation about Granma's wedding soup, it was that good. My pasta fagioli was not. It was reminiscent of nights I'm pressed for time and make soup from canned stuff. A can of beans, a can of tomatoes, some ditalini, a can of broth, and sauteed onions and celery. The sauteed veggies were still crunchy, they weren't cooked through. After adding a ton of cholula hot sauce it was just ok. Soup was dropped at the table and the food runner vanished before we noticed there were no spoons.I had veggie balls, he had beef meat balls. My veggie balls were FREAKING AMAZING. I got them with pesto over beans and greens. The greens were good, the beans were the same as in my soup. But the balls, fantastic. His meatballs over spaghetti had a Parmesan cream sauce he loved.So the food - mostly a hit. The wait, not worth it. Catch them at a slow time, or spend your money someplace else.Our server was nice and did the best you could hope with a big party of starving (mostly) Italians who REALLY wanted to eat.
4	Long long wait, table of six on a Saturday night took 2 hours 15 min.  But if your not in a rush, and with good friends, lots to enjoy.
4	The vegetarian meatballs is a unique twist to he menu and rates good with quinoa. The food is good but the service is ok
3	The rooftop bar is great for drinks but I wouldn't say it's worth the wait if busy. Their menu is limited and if you ate vegetarian, there is not nearly anything to sample from. Drinks ok. Meh.
4	I visited on a Tuesday night and it was relatively uncrowded. I love the industrial design of the restaurant-the "garage door" opens when the weather is nice too. We were greeted immediately upon walking in and The hostess seating us gave a very good overview of the menu, filled our water glasses, and left the carafe on the table (which I always like). Service started off shaky-we were waiting for a good 10 minutes when our server came over and apologized for the wait, thanked us for being patient, and added she was having a computer issue and couldn't find anyone to help her. Having worked in food service before, I'm very understanding and wasn't bothered by this as I've had the same issue. She took our drink order and those were promptly brought to our table (I had the Boulder Mojo a nitro IPA and my boyfriend had an Old Brown Ale). They have a decent draft selection-lots of IPAs which I love. Most are between $5.50-$7 so typical Pittsburgh prices. We started off with the buffalo fried chicken balls with blue cheese and celery. The celery was shredded and blended with the blue cheese which topped the fried chicken balls. They were delicious-had a definite kick to them-and there were 6 balls so it was perfect for sharing. For our entrees we both decided to do 2 sliders (since you can't do multiple types of meatballs in any of the serving options-that was my one negative). We both did a meatball of the day slider. The meatball of the day was a ground beef/corned beef mix topped with saurkraut and stone ground mustard. WOW! It was perfectly pink in the middle-how I like it-and the flavors blended together perfectly! My boyfriend chose a spicy pork slider with Arribiatta sauce which he said was very good. I chose a chicken meatball with the tzatziki sauce and again-WOW! The tzatziki sauce was probably the best I've ever had and I really liked the flavors in the chicken meatball. After that hiccup in the beginning, service was great-we were checked on at exactly the right points during our visit, our glasses were always full, after we finished the plates were immediately cleared. She was very talkative and friendly and made a great suggestion on the Boulder mojo I had. We had a great experience from start to finish (minus that hiccup with waiting for our server at first) so do not hesitate to make your way down to Emporio for some delicious meatballs-we will absolutely be back for a return visit.
1	Meatballs were OK. Service for dinner OK. Bartender on the roof beer garden awful. Rude. Rude. Rude. Won't go back.
4	I didn't mean to spend all of my money at Sienna Mercato. I only meant to get three meatballs with some spicy sauce, or maybe creamy, or maybe pesto, over a bed of spaghetti, or maybe penne, or maybe in a bun. And I only meant to get a glass of wine, or maybe a bottle, or maybe two. I only meant to try a sloe-gin fizz, or maybe a Moscow mule, or maybe see their take on a dark and stormy. I definitely only meant to get one appetizer, maybe the french fries; no, two appetizers...I only meant to get two appetizers, because the french fries had to be paired with the cheesy bread, or maybe even the mushroom arancini. And, I guess, while we're at it, I might as well try the warm ricotta doughnuts for dessert. Luckily, I had a few people with me who also only meant to get one or five dishes.The worst part? I've been here before. Maybe next time, I'll show some restraint (but I doubt it).P.S. Order everything.
4	Not sure about the different concepts on all three levels...Meatball sub was good and they had a great beer selection.
3	Well, I will hand them this...they've got balls.  BIG balls...well, ok, not all THAT big. If you listened to the foodie social pages, they'd say they had the biggest balls of all.But the balls I paid $16 to put in my mouth were NOT all that big.Last year at this time, I wanted to treat my co-worker to dinner for her birthday, and we ended up at Mahoney's, where the server left part of poor Rachel laying on the floor until we left. This year, I left the choice up to my co-worker, and she wanted the balls. So off we went to Sienna Mercato after work.Atmosphere, atmosphere, atmosphere...Ok, so enough of the silliness. We both ordered the saucy balls, not to be confused with the Schwetty Balls, which consisted of four balls of choice over a bed of your choice. My co-worker had been here previously, and had tried the beefy balls, and found them to be tough, and she had tried the pork balls and liked them. So we both ordered the spicy pork balls, served on a bed of mac n cheese, hers with creamy Parmesan, and mine with 'Government' cheese. I don't recall what 'sauce' she ordered to top her balls, but I chose the mushroom gravy.Gleefully, they are Coke people, so we both ordered Diet Cokes. The sodas arrived, and we both sipped at about the same time, and both of us developed the same look on our faces. This was regular coke, not diet. The server was very pleasant, and made the switch. Ahhhhhh, that was better. Oh look...six TV's with sports coverage...now there's something different.The female service staff all looked very clean cut. The male service staff...well...kinda looked liked they'd just crawled out of bed, and dressed from the hamper. Just sayin'...After about fifteen minutes of small talk and soda sipping...our bowls of balls were placed before us.Now, just to give you a hint about how big the balls are...in almost all of the photos that have been posted, you will see what looks like a wooden skewer impaled into a meatball on the plate. Items in mirror may appear larger than they do in real life. This is not a skewer, but is actually a wooden sandwich pick with a bead on it. Now that you have an actual scale to think of, that ball doesn't look so big now, does it? And...they're not.Are they tasty? Yes. Are they phenomenally spectabulous, take your breath away, freakin' magnificent like the balls your Italian Nana cooked up with her famous gravy? Um...they're about the same...except Nana had bigger balls, and really WANTED you to mangia all of them. We had four. On top of a spoonful of mac n cheese seasoned with (as far as my tongue would guess) Old Bay seasoning.The mushroom gravy was brown...and at one point when the server came by I asked her if the mushroom gravy was supposed to have mushrooms in it. She said yes, and that it did. But she 'believed' they were pureed. Hmmmmm. Good cover for no chunks.Now, according to the latest price index, ground pork currently stands around $2.50 per pound. That's NOT allowing for a bulk discount usually afforded to a restaurant purchaser. These four balls certainly were not a full pound, and I'm pretty darned sure that in usual meatball style, they were cut with some bread crumbs, bound with an egg, and with a pinch of seasoning added. Your average box of mac n cheese, which will serve four according to the box, starts around fifty cents. Gravy - milk, flour, some pork fat, already made with the baking of the balls, a few pinches of seasoning. Per person, maybe a buck max. So, two portions of this, eight balls, two scoops of mac n cheese, with two Diet Sodas, no sides or bread or anything, and the total bill came to $36.38 before tip.So...once again, in da burgh...I bought a big ol' heaping plate of atmosphere, drastically upcharged by a greed mongering dahntahn landlord, whom, like most other Pittsburgh land owners, believes that their property values are on the same par as a real city like NYC, Chicago, or San Fran, and that forcing a business to overcharge so that they came make bills and RENT, is a-ok.They tasted good. They tasted like meatballs made of pork. No better or worse than anywhere else. Mac n cheese is mac n cheese. Were eight meatballs, two serving spoons of mac n cheese and two soft drinks worth over $40 in the end?Nana? Is your gravy ready yet? I'm hungry...and broke.
3	If you like meatballs, them this is the place to go. I like meatballs...but not THAT much that I would go to a specific meatball restaurant. (I went to this restaurant with work colleagues for lunch.) I would consider this restaurant a bit pricey for high end meatballs.
4	While I didn't sit down and eat at Sienna Mercato, I did head up the elevator and into the wonderful world they've created that seems to revolve around amazing cocktails. If you have the opportunity, take it from me -- you need to go!The crowd can get unreal -- shoulder-to-shoulder people mingling, picking up, laughing, chatting -- and this extends tot he bar, of course. If you see your opening, take it and don't give it up until you've got what you want. A word to the wise: be polite. These 'tenders won't be messed around with, and they'll ignore you if they want to. While there are oodles of long tables and a few high tops, the real fun is out on the balcony where you can take int he city streets, the night life happening in the bar and the beautiful lights above. Just don't place your drinks on the railing -- there's a guy whose sole purpose is to tell you not to!
5	Can a vegetarian enjoy a joint that specializes in meatballs? The answer is yes. The restaurant provides a vegetarian largely bean based meatball and plenty of vegetarian friendly sauces to go with it that are marked as vegetarian so you can be clear. You can get it in a traditional sandwich type way or have it with their extensive sides such as mac and cheese, penne, risotto, or a quinoa. I had mine with the pesto almond sauce and Gouda cheese. Very delicious. The parmesan fries are really delicious as well served with an awesome aioli dip. Sierra Mercato is three levels technically. The top floor is a rooftop bar type setting filled with unwinding young professionals for the most part. It is quite nice, but does not have the same menu as downstairs. The wait time is usually pretty long. My recommendation is to have a drink on the rooftop from the bar and use the Nowait App to get a seat downstairs and enjoy their delicious food that is not available upstairs. They do have small plates upstairs though. 2nd floor bar/restaurant is not open yet. Oh and PS, the prices are pretty reasonable considering the cultural district location and "nice" ambiance.
4	No detail was missed when opening Sienna Mercato - this place is awesome. From the menu to the decor, and everything in between, the restaurant is the new place to be in Pittsburgh.I ate veggie meatballs with the spicy tomato sauce and vegetable quinoa. I wasn't expecting the quinoa to be cold, and would have preferred it warm. Good beer selection, even though they were out of what I ordered. Our server was terrible and we sat at our table for a long time before we had to remind the hostess stand we were there... And the server never introduced herself or even said "hi." It was a little bizarre, but I haven't heard other complaints about the service so it must have been an off night.Can't wait for the Sienna pizza joint on the second floor...
4	There are definitely some things I really like about this place. I've only tried the bottom level, Emporio, but am looking forward to trying the other levels as well. Emporio's thing is meatballs. All kinds of meatballs. All kinds of ways. This is a really cool concept; however, I could see how this could get old and the menu could feel a bit limited.The ambience is cool, with plenty of rustic elements to make it feel contemporary, yet warm and welcoming. I haven't been for dinner yet, but there are always plenty of tables at lunchtime, with or without a reservation.There are a variety of meatball options (pork, turkey, vegetarian, beef), and there is always a special as well. You can get your meatballs saucy-style over pasta or quinoa, or another base of your choice, or you can get them in a soup (I would recommend the wedding), on a slider, in a grinder, etc. There are lots of sauce options so you can really mix things up if you like. My favorite sauces are the tzatziki, Sunday gravy, and the government cheese.  One of my favorite things on the menu is the mac and cheese. I get it with the government cheese, but i'm sure the creamy parmesan option is delicious as well. It's really delicious, and the perfect accompaniment to the port meatball with tzatziki sauce. Yum!! The fries are really good as well, and are plenty big enough to share.All in all, this is a great place to go for lunch before a Buccos game or a concert. Easy to get in and out, and plenty casual.
4	Updating my review after going back again. The food was good but the meatballs seemed a bit "off" and on the chewy side. Maybe the chef was having a bad day..Will give this place another try later.
1	Walked in at 3:11pm saw the upstairs was roped off. I asked if I could go up and just look real quick (I am scouting a place for a future party) they rudely said it's closed. And no I can't go up till 4pm. I never got a chance to say why I wanted to see it.
5	I tried the vegetarian balls and I haven't been able to stop thinking about them since. Loved it.
5	Delicious beef meatball grinder with marinara and a side of spaghetti with bolognese sauce. Our table also shared the crab ball appetizer which was also good. Service was fast and friendly and the atmosphere was nice. I would return again.
5	Emporio rocks!  I stopped by after a so-so evening at nearby Seviche and loved it.   I sat at the bar (plenty of space) and ordered a Captain and Coke, a chicken parm meatball slider and the tater tots.   One slider and a side really was plenty of food and it was less than $10.   The meatball was tender and delicious and the bun was just enough - can't stand a slider that's all bun.   The tater tots were crisp and salty.   I spied on my neighbor's meal - a meatball sub with pesto and a side of mac and cheese - that's going to be my next order for sure.   Overall, a winner.  Not a big fan of the backless bar stools and the bar service was a tad slow (the place was packed though), but that's the only criticism that I could come up with.
4	I really really enjoyed my experience here. First off, the decor is great, I love the exposed brick and wood. I also love the cups they have for your water and I know that is an odd thing to say, but they are awesome. We ordered the buffalo balls for an appetizer and the presentation was spot on and the flavor was equally great. I ordered the Spicy Pork Meatballs, Spinach Almond Pesto Grinder with cheddar cheese and it was DELICIOUS! My date ordered the Regular Meatballs with spicy marinara Grinder. He graciously shared a bite with me and it was equally as delicious. The service was a little slow and that is the only reason I gave it 4 stars and not 5. I am sure after time, or at least I hope, that their service will get better with time since this place is brand new.
5	Want to discover what interesting culinary tricks the humble meatball is capable of?  Come visit Emporio!  I don't eat beef, so the last time I had a meatball was when I was about 6 and didn't know that they typically incorporate ground beef.  When I chose this restaurant to visit with my friend last Sat. before a show at the CLO Cabaret, however, I knew that I wasn't going to be restricted to the meatball's classical form.  Given that this place came recommended by at least two friends (including fellow Yelper Lauren B.), I was hopeful that Emporio would show me that non-beef meatballs can be interesting and delicious, and it didn't disappoint!I started off by ordering a spiked blueberry cream soda, which was refreshing and delicious as I sipped it throughout the meal.  (I knew they served these due to Rachel C.'s review, but I couldn't find them on the menu.)  In terms of food, because I wanted to try two different meatball/sauce combos, I ordered two sliders--one with the vegetarian meatball and spinach-basil pesto, and one with the ball of the day (chicken parmesan) and creamy parmesan sauce.  When they came out, I immediately noticed that the wrong sauce had been applied to the chicken parm meatball slider (it was marinara), so I called this to the waiter's attention.  He apologized, saying it was his fault, and offered to bring out some creamy parm sauce for me, which I agreed to.  (As a sidenote, this interaction was a bit awkward, since I think he was afraid I'd demand a replacement--lucky for him, I'm pretty forgiving and have never sent anything back.)  The upside of this mistake was that I got to have two different sauces on the chicken parm slider, which is normally against the rules, and they went well together.  Both sliders were delicious, but surprisingly, my favorite was the vegetarian meatball.  Although it's a bit different from normal meatballs in terms of texture, the flavor was excellent with the pesto. I also ordered a side of mac and cheese (with gov't cheese, although I ended up putting some of the extra creamy parm sauce on it--double cheese!), and it was good (score: 7.0/10), being of the creamy variety and consisting of short straight noodles (not sure what they're called) rather than the usual elbow noodles.My friend ordered the spicy pork saucy balls with tzatziki sauce and a side of risotto, and was kind enough to let me try a few bites so that I could review them.  The pork meatball was tasty, and it went well with the tzatziki sauce, which had a nice consistency (not too thick).  I'd never had risotto before, but my friend's was quite nice, being flavored with a tomato sauce.The atmosphere of Emporio is really interesting, consisting of reclaimed wood.  My only major criticisms there were (1) I found the multiple TVs visible from our table distracting to the point that I switched seats to avoid staring at them the entire meal and (2) the dim lighting makes food photography challenging.  Despite coming on a Sat. evening at 6pm, there was almost no wait (I used the NoWait app, and despite giving an estimate of 20-30 min., a table became available in 10 min.).  Service was generally good, despite the sauce snafu.  My only other criticism is that they should make it clear that the meatball of the day has a 50 cent upcharge--I know it's not much money, but I was annoyed when I noticed it on the check, nonetheless, since I wasn't aware of it.
5	Really like this place a lot. Even though it's a meatball place, absolute favorite is the warm olive appetizer with mozzarella. Wow! I can't believe I didn't think of doing that before and I've made it at home twice. I should explore the menu more, but I always get the poutine topped with a meatball. I've chosen different ones (spicy pork being my favorite) but can't get away from this and the olives. Fair price and great atmosphere. Lunchtime in the summer is great because if the open air seating definitely hard to come by in Pittsburgh.
4	Came here for a rooftop beer and was really impressed! You walk into the lower level restaurant and take an elevator upstairs. The bar has a super cool vibe. It was a chilly so it was covered, but it was glass so you could still appreciate the beautiful skyline! I will say it was a little too loud for such a chill place. Other than that it was an awesome place for some tasty beer!
1	Please skip a the lengthy reviews that give 4 to 5 star ratings on this place.  Nearly everyone of them have a complaint about the place.  Atmosphere is very cool however the food is not nor is the service.  My wife and I went to this restaurant on a suggestion from the concierge at our hotel.  We asked for a table near a sporting event we wanted to watch and the hostess told us "to find a place and let them know".  We found a great spot, I put my jacket in the booth and my wife sat down while I returned to tell the hostess where we were seated.  As I return my wife is leaving the table and informed me the other hostess did not say a word to her just shook her head no as to say you cannot sit here.   For some reason we decided to stay and I really wished would not have.  After reviewing a basics offering of items we decided on the saucy balls and asked for two options of meatballs which we were swiftly told you cannot mix your balls?!?!  Instead we opted for the bolognese sauce with spaghetti which came out in stainless steel bowls that resembled something you would use to feed your dog.  The beef balls were great the bolognese and the pork balls not so much.  We also ordered salads which we never saw, I took two bites of my entree and pushed it aside (I normally eat everything).   The server did not offer another option nor did he offer to take it off my bill.  Two beers 6 oz of pasta with two meet balls for $40 does not seem appropriate.  I travel all over the country for work and have experienced my fare share of poor and great food.  However in all my experiences I have not been compelled to wright a review until I found this place.  PLEASE SAVE YOUR MONEY AND GO ELSEWHERE!!!
5	Wow. This place is great. I love the look of the interior and the overall "feel" here. I went here before going to a Pirates game later in the evening and I am very happy that I chose to eat here.We got the fried pickle chips, which come with bacon ranch and they were really good. The ranch was excellent and had a nice smoky bacon flavor to it. I ordered the original beef meatball panini and chose the spinach almond pesto sauce. It was absolutely delicious!! They give you the sauce in a small metal bowl that is big enough to dip the sandwich easily and they give you plenty of sauce. It was great. I shared half of my sandwich with my roommate and she got the spicy pork and it was just as delicious with the sauce, if not more so! I am DEFINITELY coming back here soon.
1	This place only offers meatballs and they are terrible. The meatballs are flavorless, mealy and have more bread crumbs in them than meat. This place wants to be hipster but they're missing the good food. Don't go here.
3	We have been here several times and haven't been disappointed in the food once. The meatballs are always fresh, tender, and juicy. Their pork bolognese has a hint of sweet spice to it, so heads up of you prefer a more acidic red sauce.  Their mushroom gravy has a hint of nostalgia for grandma's beef stroganoff and the buffalo balls are can't miss. It does not get more stars due to the shoddy service by their serving staff. The best service we have gotten was seated at the bar. Each time we have table service, orders are wrong, drinks are never refilled or are forgotten about. During one trip, the server took my boyfriend's food and drink order first (big no-no, ladies first!) and then walked away from the table!  She never even got mine. She returned later with my boyfriend's beer, and we had to informer that she never took my order. Needless to say, my boyfriend's food showed up 15 minutes before mine. If they fix their serving staff, it could easily be one of the best casual dining experiences in Pittsburgh.
3	I called in last night to order some food to go.  This was my first time eating food from here.I give the food a 7/8 out of 10.  I had "Saucy Balls" (4 meatballs in sauce) and a wedge salad.  It's apparently impossible to get 2 pork meatballs and 2 beef meatballs.  This is unfortunate because it doesn't let me try a wider variety of your food and also because it's unbelievably easy to accommodate.  I should be able to get 4 different kinds of meatballs if I want.  Seriously?I didn't eat in the restaurant but it seemed to be having the usual identity crisis that most Pittsburgh restaurants and bars have.  Half upscale, half sports bar.  Nice decor, ESPN on a TV.  Make a choice and stick with it.My comparisons were easy to make because there's a meatball only restaurant in my town (24th & Meatballs) that does a much better job and has been doing it for longer (i.e. I'm sure this place is probably a rip off).  I have no problem with that but a 2nd generation restaurant has every opportunity to do it better.I'll give it one more shot.  I'll have to just so I can try a different flavor of meatball.
4	Sienna Mercato's latest creation, Mezzo, is somewhere between Emporio and Il Tetto both literally and figuratively.On the second floor, the final installment of this saga is a blend of small plates and pizza that fills a gap between the informal meatball madness of Emporio on the first floor and the stuck up tapas of Il Tetto on the rooftop.Service was actually exemplary for a restaurant that has been open for two days.  We were immediately greeted and I feel as if at no point, we were left out to dry (charcuterie pun).As for food, we ordered an appetizer (mushrooms, cheese and toast), a pizza (mushroom, egg, pork, truffle etc) and pork risotto.  With the exception of the appetizer, every dish had a great level of complexity that I'd definitely come back for.  The wine list is average on price point, with the cheapest bottle of a decent red calling around $30.The atmosphere is solid, with Sienna's outdoor theme continuing through a large set of garage doors that were open to the elements.  Lots of exposed bricks added to the scene as well.  Overall this place reminds me a lot of Butcher and the Rye.As with Il Tetto, Emporio's incredible 1/2 off happy hour DOES NOT carry over.Overall, I can see this joint filling a gap in our staple of restaurants, but I also probably won't actively seek it out over a few other options downtown.
4	I've only ever been here for happy hour on a week day, so I can only comment on my experience at the bar. Even on a week day, there was a 30+ minute wait for a table, however, we were perfectly fine scoring two seats at the bar. We ordered drinks and were able to order some "saucy balls" as an appetizer. The vibe at the bar has a very luxurious feel, and the drink menu is extensive. Lots of after-work, happy hour people. I also only was able to stay at the bar on the bottom level, I did not venture to the upstairs. For the happy hour crowd, I would say the bar was a little understaffed. I am not sure if there was an event going on that time, or if they are usually this busy on a week night, but they could have used at least one more person behind the bar.I thought the food was delicious and quick to come out.I also ordered the cheese and olive plate, which was perfect with my cab sauv.Highly recommend for after-work dinner or drinks!
5	I don't even eat meatballs and I loved this place. I ordered some appetizers and they were awesome. We sat at the bar on the roof and it was gorgeous! I could have stayed there all evening. I would recommend this to anyone and I will be back for sure.
5	Probably the best meatballs I have ever eaten. We loved the beer selection as well as the pesto! Will be coming back many times again!
4	I was so glad I chose to have lunch here because the menu offered a variety of foods with a emphases on the meatball creations and it was so delicious. I had the turkey meatballs with Parmesan and it was absolutely amazing. It was a perfect combination of sauces and not being overlooked upon. I also had the pleasure of having their donut balls for desert and they were to die for! Another fantastic eat on Penn Ave in Pittsburgh. The prices on the menu during lunch were so affordable and I can't wait to return! The wait staff was friendly and always at your side when you needed something or had a menu question. So helpful!
4	Started from the top and worked our way down, loved the cocktails, good beer selection. We had beef tartar, very tasty. On the second floor we chose the charcuterie and cheese board, the beef pasta and the pork and pistachio pizza, all very good. We loved the option of a three ounce pour of wine, gave us the chance to pick multiple wines throughout dinner. The chocolate dessert was one of my favorites in pittsburgh, major kudos to the pasty chef on flavor and presentation. Our waitress was attentive, the atmosphere was nice also. Didn't make it to the meatball floor, it was buzzing with what seemed to be a more family oriented crowd. All and all, we had a wonderful date night, thanks y'all!
4	Many of you may be wondering about the new Mezzo floor of Sienna Mercato.  The good news is that the service is excellent and the food is delicious.  They bring a lot of experience from their other restaurant.  For example, there's a wine I love on the Sienna Sulla menu that also is carried by Mezzo.I had a wonderful Charcuterie and Cheese Board that was great for splitting for 2 or 3 people.  The Pizza is cooked in an authentic wood fired oven, and the choices are creative.  For dessert we split the Gianduja Tartufo, which was a tasty way to finish our meal.  One reason the staff was so well trained is they came from one of the other Sienna restaurants.  All in all, highly recommended.
3	We decided to dine at Emporio a few weeks ago. I think that I really just picked the wrong thing to have here unfortunately...but I will agree with my coworker who recommended this place - get the sliders so you can try a few different things!! I like to eat, and two plus shared fries were plenty for me. My husband's traditional beef meatballs with marinara were good, but I didn't even finish my two sliders. My coworker had recommended the tzatziki sauce with a turkey meatball so that's what I went for! The tzatziki was not like the traditional ones I am used to, and was actually kind of sour and thin with an extreme dill taste and large thin slices of cucumber. Not for me. I also had a beef meatball with pork bolognese which was pretty good. (I will say that I don't particularly like that they give you cheese on the side and don't heat it onto the slider for you if you request it. It just resulted in a cold piece of cheese on my meatball.) My husband did not like this slider and said that it tasted like pumpkin to him (?)I will say this. The fries were FANTASTIC! I added some extra malt vinegar to the malt vinegar aioli as the aioli didn't have quite enough bite for me.The last note I'll make I'm not quite sure how to say - there wasn't enough "sauce to ball" ratio. I would've preferred the meatball smashed with more sauce or even a side of sauce. It just wasn't enough to go with the entire thing.
4	Very good! A unique Italian and menu that allows you to construct your own meatball dish. The second floor does pizza and the third has an partially open-air rooftop bar. Cool place!
3	Mezzo is a great spot if you know what you want and you come here for pizza and wine--if you want a draft beer, you have to get it from either the first or third floor of Sienna on a separate tab--so go in knowing that.  My husband was a little annoyed with this, and we ended up drinking water with our pizza and heading upstairs for after-dinner beers...a little awkward, but still fun.The food itself is really great!  I have had better wood-fired pizza, but not in Pittsburgh.  You can tell the ingredients are fresh and the chef was creative with his combinations.  I would recommend this place for date night, but we still prefer Emporio, the meatball joint downstairs!
2	I was visiting Pittsburgh for a friend's baby shower and ended up going here for dinner in the evening after the shower. From the photos and reviews of their other restaurants, I expected that the pizza would be delicious, and it looked like it would've been from the photos. The crust was a bit too soft for me and the sauce tasted like it was right out of the can and slopped onto the pizza without any seasoning at all. I don't know what it was about the pizza but it just tasted pretty half ass to me. I can find better thin crust style pizza in the Midwest. Go somewhere else for pizza and don't waste your time or money here!
5	This is my new favorite place to grab a drink and dinner downtown. Emporio is a welcome addition to the Cultural District. Let's start with my favorite part--the draft list. Emporio boasts an excellent draft list, with an ever-changing list of local and distant breweries. On my last trip, I grabbed a Southern Tier 2X IPA. Good thing I wasn't driving. The draft and drink list is very reasonable, especially for being a trendy new spot downtown. The food menu is perfect for sharing and munching. The spot is known for its meatballs, and you can choose from many different sauces, meats, and presentations. I'm liable to make some kind of Frankenstein meal when left to mix and match on my own, but the servers are so helpful with recommendations. Each visit, I've deferred to them and had such a great meal. Beyond the meatballs are other great dishes for sharing. I am a big fan of the buffalo chicken balls. It sounds fairly nasty to me, but these deep fried, deconstructed buffalo chicken balls are fantastic. They come with a blue cheese sauce, and spiral-ized celery. It's a wonderful take on a bar classic, and much of the menu trends in that direction. While it's a trendy spot, I've never had an issue walking in and getting a table at Emporio. I understand the restaurant  doesn't take reservations, but if you're worried, sign up with NoWait to get on the list before you arrive.  There are a ton of great places to eat before or after a show in the Cultural District, and I'd add this one to the top of the roster. I think you'd even catch me going Downtown specifically for this place!
4	Landing in Pittsburgh for the first time in my life, I took a friend's recommendation and headed over here with my (dining, and all other things) partner in crime. Great suggestion, we had a delightful, relaxed lunch in the Emporio downstairs area.This is Italian pub dining at it's best, mostly salads, superb french fries and meatballs, presented in a variety of ways. The Caesar salad had great croutons, fantastic dressing, and we cleaned it up totally (It's too bad that really crisp, fresh romaine lettuce is unobtainium in this part of the country in the fall and winter.)We had the Poutine (French-fried potatoes baked with cheese) with a meatball, which was very filling as a main course. The panini (two pork meatballs) with tzatziki sauce was also great, a perfect serving size. The sauce is really a great counterpoint for the spicy pork, and the crispy bread was the perfect texture for the assembly. Their tzatziki is authentic, with thinly-sliced cucumbers, and was easy to dip and apply to the panini with a knife, bite-by-bite. We both felt quite full with the salad and two dishes.Our waiter was fun, easy-going, informative, relaxed, and made good recommendations. A Chilean sauvignon blanc paired great with everything. And the decor is really well designed. Re-purposed boards form a rustic ceiling that damps the sound just enough so that the place feels lively, yet you can have a conversation without shouting. Lighting is excellent. The industrial touches complement the old brick, and the signage is painted in a way that looks just worn enough to feel relaxingThe price is on the high side of $$, with a bottle of wine, salad and two dishes, we spent $60. Still, I'd come back any time I can, and wonder how good dinner is up under the glassed-in third floor, either open air in the summer, or under the skies in winter.
3	In Pittsburgh for business, and someone recommended Sienna Mercato. They compared their meatballs better than The Meatball Shop in NYC. I stand by my raving reviews of The Meatball Shop so I had to try it out and compare. I had two sliders- Classic Beef with marinara sauce and Vegetarian (mushroom, white bean, cauliflower) with spinach almond pesto. Overall, the meatball sliders were ok. They were all about quantity than quality. Meatball was pretty big, but the taste was underwhelming. I'd go there again to try out their other items like the cured meats and pasta. They also have a beer garden on the rooftop. But I don't think I'd go get their meatballs again.
4	I love this place. Adorable ambiance. Great menu with a cool niche. I love the veggie meatballs. My husband loves the pork, beef and the chicken ones (when those are available on special). It's a great place to have drinks. The only negative about this place is that they don't take reservations so that can be a bit of a pain. Other than that I love it.
4	Let me tell you: I was very excited that there was a place solely dedicated to meatballs. Although I have limited exposure to homemade meatballs, I really enjoyed the meatballs from Emporio (Sienna Mercato). Their concept for their meatballs is equivalent to Subway. What I mean by this is that you get to choice every single step of your entree. You start off by choosing the type of meat, then the sauce, what type of vehicle you want your meatball to be in, and optional sides. I ordered the classic beef with marinara sauce as a meatball slider and got the tomato risotto as a side. The meatball itself was very large and I was full after the slider. My one complaint would be the tomato risotto. Unlike other risottos I have tried, I could tell that the rice had been par-cooked and then added to the sauce which is not how a traditional risotto is made. As a tip of the restaurant, I would not advertise "tomato risotto" if it is not cooked in the risotto technique. Other than that, I would definitely go back and try the many combinations!
4	SETTING:Dimly lit, with a brick wall backdrop donning the Sienne Mercato logo. Pretty snazzy atmosphere. You can go casual or take it up a notch.FOOD:"A meatball joint".  Emporio is a unique place that specializes in meatballs. Step 1: choose a type of meatball (I liked beef; the pork was a little chewy and tough)Step 2: choose sauce Step 3: choose how you want it served (on a slider, panini, etc)These meatballs are the size of a baby's fist! NOT the size of a typical meatball found in your spaghetti. Let's do some simple math: 2 meatball sliders + 1 side/appetizer is a perfect amount. Believe me, I thought I would still be hungry with this order, but it was definitely more than enough. 2 densely packed meatballs + 1 side/appetizer of heavy carbs = a bloated stomach. SERVICE:There are no reservations, so you need to wait it out. Best advice is to come early or late and not during peak dining times unless you can wait 30+ minutes. Service overall was average, nothing that was above and beyond. IMPRESSIONS:If you are looking for a heavy meal and/or like meatballs, you want to check this place out.  I mean, how many places specialize in big meatballs?!  I enjoyed the beef meatball with the arribiatta sauce served on a slider--soft and delicate, like a meatball should be. The spicy pork was a bit too chewy and tough, so I would not recommend it. Mac and cheese as my slide was awesome, and you can't go wrong with any of the sides. It really is a heavy meal though, so come hungry!
5	Loved the Classic Beef Meatballs! Added pasta and marinara and had a perfect spaghetti and meatballs dinner. Only problem is I wanted more meatballs. Looking forward to trying more dishes and from what I had I'm expecting all to be excellent.
3	I'm not overly impressed based on the hype and recommendations from colleagues, but it was decent enough for three stars.I will admit the meatballs were very good, however was the sides that really downgraded this restaurant to me. The Caesar salad was terrible. The dressing was way too fishy, and way too much was put onto the salad.  The Parmesan and herb fries were rather bland undercooked and just not very good.I am not from the area and likely won't patronize on future trips to Pittsburgh.
5	This place is three restaurants in one. Starting with the most amazing, Il Tetto is the rooftop beer garden.  There is a glass roof that retracts (don't worry, there are millions of space heaters), and the view is amazing.  I haven't tried the bar snacks on this floor, but the bartenders are super-friendly and the ambiance is 100% worth it even if they were serving nothing but IC Light. Mezzo is the restaurant on the middle floor.  It gets super-crowded, so I recommend using NoWait or going on off-hours.  They have a full menu heavy on pizza and pasta.  While not super-sophisticated, it's also not red-sauce/Olive Garden Italian, which is a great. Emporio is the meatball joint on the ground floor.  Everything I've tried so far is solid, if not earth-shattering.  The bar is a great spot for happy hour, to watch a game, or just to spend 4-5 hours on a Saturday afternoon until you fall off of your bar stool (uh, my friend told me that last part).
2	Good food.  The lunch is a little expensive and this is not a good place for a crowd.  I went with about 12 coworkers for happy hour on a Wednesday night.  They were less than accommodating.  They wouldn't allow tables and chairs to be moved etc.  There were few customers in the restaurant.  They kept saying that they needed to accommodate others...who these others are I have no idea!  Not sure if I'll be back.
4	Truly an old world Italian restaurant with a great selection of comfort food dishes and a great atmosphere to boot. What struck me most about the place was the authentic feeling. It's like venturing into a restaurant, a bistro, from a by-gone era. I loved the charm - and the house made sausage was darn good as well.
4	I paid Mezzo, the middle level of Sienna Mercato, a visit this past weekend, when my friends and I were downtown to see the PGH Opera at the Benedum.  Given that Mezzo just opened a month or so ago, that it made the Post Gazette's most recent list of notable new restaurants, and that I greatly enjoyed my experience at Emporio downstairs, I was eager to try this trendy new addition to the Cultural District dining scene.We started off with an order of the bruschetta del giorno, which had the following toppings the day of our visit: white bean paste, roasted red peppers, and anchovies.  While the anchovies added a welcome savory note to the bruschetta, overall, I found it rather bland in flavor (my friends concurred).  Fortunately, the food quality went up from there.  We ordered two pizzas to share between the three of us: the margherita for something more traditional, and the pistachio-prosciutto, which came with roasted crimini mushrooms, fennel pollen, and vinagrette-tossed arugula, for something more avant-garde.  The latter pie had a very interesting, complex, and fragrant flavor profile, and was quite nutty due to the pistachio butter that acted as a sauce--almost overly so.  I found it similar in composition to the fig-goat cheese pizza offered at The Porch in Oakland, which I prefer due to its bolder flavor and sweet-savory balance.  The margherita was my surprise favorite--I found it the best version of this pie that I've tried in PGH to date, due to its savory, well-seasoned sauce, fresh mozzarella, and its significant but not overwhelming infusion of basil.  The crust of both pies was more pan-style than thin, and was crispy and substantial.  The bocce cookies provided with the check were also chocolatey, gooey, and delicious, and were a nice touch.Aside from the food, we really enjoyed the atmosphere, which, as others have mentioned, is a bit more refined than Emporio (I can't speak for Il Tetto, since I haven't visited yet), but carries through the farmhouse theme.  Even the tunes, an eclectic mix of upbeat songs from the 70's and 80's, added to it.  As for the service, it was impeccable--the best I've encountered to date in a restaurant of this caliber to date. Our waiter, Cory, was very knowledgeable about the food, as well as appropriate wines to pair with it.  Someone even came over and refolded my friends' napkins while they were in the bathroom--wow!  Overall, I'd highly recommend Mezzo for a high-quality, casual, and reasonably-priced dinner downtown.  4.5 stars.***Note: Please also see my separate review for Emporio, for which this review is listed as an update.***
4	I stopped by here this past Friday night with my wife and another couple for dinner.  Since we couldn't make reservations, my wife and I arrived right around 6 PM with the hopes that we would be able to a get a table at around 7 which is when the other couple was scheduled to meet us.  Thankfully the hostess was able to help us.  She took down my phone number and put us in the system for 7 while telling us that we could go upstairs to have a drink.  We did just that by walking down the stairs and then taking the elevator up to the rooftop beer garden.  At just before 7 I received a text message to my phone saying that my table was ready. Unfortunately the set up here is not that great if you are waiting for a table at Mezzo in the beer garden.  First you have to wait for the slow elevator to take you down from the roof and the kicker here is that it won't stop at the second floor even if you press the button.  So then you have to go down to the first floor in order to walk back up to the second floor even though there is clearly a place you could exit the elevator on the second floor.  Anyways, the inside of Mezzo is decorated pretty nicely.  It has some exposed brick walls with painted on graphics, a bar and seating for probably around 40 people or so.  We were sat in one of the corners of the restaurant at a booth with a view overlooking Penn Ave.  What was cool was that it looked like in warmer weather that the second floor windows could be opened up.For dinner our table decided to start off the evening with the large Charcuturie platter as well as a large bread basket.  Both the charcuterie platter and the bread basket were brought out at the same time and each was explained by a different staff member.  The bread basket ended up having three pieces of three different kinds of breads and came with sides of a honey butter and a peppernota.  I can't remember all three types of breads but I do know that the cheese one (maybe a pecorino) was the best and that I also enjoyed the slightly spicy peppernota on it.  As for the charcuterie platter, WOW!  There were about 10 different kinds off meats as well as some crostinis, pickled onions and a cherry dipping sauce.  I don't think that there was a single thing on it that I didn't enjoy although my favorite meats were probably the Sopresetta and prosciutto.  I also really enjoyed the pickled onions and cherry sauce.  After we finally finished almost all of our appetizers our entrees came out.  My wife and I ordered the seafood risotto and also the tartufo pizza with the intention of sharing them with each other.  The seafood risotto was pretty good with many pieces of both octopus and squid in it as well as a few shrimp.  However, I still preferred the pizza and its mushrooms and cheeses.  There was an ever present smell of truffle on the pizza which was nice and the ricotta and fontina made a nice backdrop for it.  With the amount of food that we had consumed from the  appetizers we were not able to finish either entree and had about half of each to take home.  That didn't stop us from ordering dessert though and we ended up going with a blood orange custard like dessert where the custard was served frozen.  While I wasn't getting too much of the blood oranges flavors from it I did think that it tasted like a creamsicle and enjoyed both the taste and the interesting texture of it.The bottom line for me is that I would stop by here again in the future.  I really enjoyed the charcuterie platter and all of the other food was good as well!
4	Like all the stuff I've had from Matt Porco's restaurants, I was really pleased with what I had tonight during my first visit to Mezzo. Highlights: nice ambiance with high ceilings with that classy/ rustic Italian thing going on (and a big wall o' wine), nice wine-by-the glass selection in either 3- or 6-oz pours, and an appealing menu.  Aside from the wood-fired pizzas, there is a build-your-own cheese and meat charcuterie platter, several delicious-looking pastas, nice salads, and a few more traditional meat-based entrees.  My dinner date and I started with salads and split a pizza.  I had the escarole salad and he had the kale, and they were both delicious.  Mine had very tasty marinated tomatoes and a rich, creamy (but not too heavy) dressing. We had the wood-fired vegetable pizza, which was more Neapolitan-style.  The sofrito/ tomato sauce was rich and tasty.  Light on the cheese, like a lot of thinner pizzas.  We tried a few different reds and they seemed like great, mostly Italian selections (the barbera was my fave).  We were also totally drooling over all the pasta dishes that were passing us by, so I might try one of those next time (which they also offer in half-portions; a nice touch). Overall, I think these owners have a good thing going with Italian food, and Mezzo is by far my favorite level of Sienna Mercato.
4	After anticipating the opening of Sienna Mercato's more refined, middle floor for months, Mezzo's food, atmosphere, and service greatly surpassed expectations. To start, we ordered a bottle of wine and the greens and beans. The appetizer was average, but next time I think I'll go for the grilled octopus or split a charcuterie board. The overall vibe of the place encourages sharing, so for our main dishes we split a risotto dish and the tartufo pizza. I'm always a fan of risotto and it didn't disappoint. The pizza was topped with mushrooms, truffles, a medley of cheeses and an egg; probably the most unique pizza on the menu, but still nothing too exotic. My only complaint for the pizza, is that I would have preferred the egg to be over easy as opposed to scrambled. While I was definitely satisfied, but not extremely overwhelmed with my food, it's really the atmosphere and set-up of the entire Sienna Mercato is really what makes it stand out in downtown Pittsburgh. Mezzo's interior boasts beautiful exposed brick, charming wall art, and high ceilings with floor to ceiling windows to match.  The combined three levels of Sienna Mercato fill a void in downtown Pittsburgh and turn Sienna Mercato into a destination, not just a restaurant. Prior to our dinner, we were able to grab drinks on the third floor while we waited and having a rooftop beer garden adds major value to the place, even when the roof is covered. Classy enough for date nights, but casual enough for dinner with friends.
5	This review is for the bar on the third floor. What a fantastic ambiance. There is a sliding roof that opens and also has heaters if it's too cold outside. All of the Tables have Reserved signs on them but it has been pretty easy to sit at the bar both times I've been here. It is really cute and would suggest coming here to at least have one drink
5	Delicious food! Wonderful service! We loved our night out in Pittsburgh because of this restaurant :)
5	Emporio is my go to place when I'm downtown now.  It seems to please everyone I'm with.The meatballs are great.  I usually get 3 sliders.  I like variety.  The meatballs and sauces are too good to get a hoagie with only one style of meat or sauce.They have the standard large draft beer selection and a nice wine selection.
4	I've had a few bad experiences here in terms of service and reservations, but tonight was great. Made my reservation with the NoWait app and had no issues. Food was great, drinks were great, waiter was the best (Can't remember name - possibly Joseph??). Totally redeemed itself. Will likely be back, via the NoWait app.
4	Very classy bar! Love the decor. Rooftop bar looks and feels classy and bar tenders are attentive and quick! The bar on top of the restaurant had no coat check, but tables with seating were available giving the classy venue a nice chill vibe. Music was pretty good from what I remember, it's not a dance club but it has sufficient space to get your groove on. Drinks are well made.Looking at yelp now, I wish we tried the food but next time.
2	This is only for the meatball level.  I had been really looking forward to trying this place and left with just a "meh" feeling, and one that I don't expect to experience again. I had gone with some out of town vegetarian friends knowing that their menu was full of veggie-goodness.  I was there more for the meat.  I started with an Italian cream soda in blueberry that had a bit of an odd flavor to it.  It might have been the cream, it might have been the syrup, not really sure, but it was just a bit off. Then I had the turkey ball with the pesto and the spicy pork with arrabiatta.  Now, I like spicy things - I am generally a 7 on an Asian scale of spicy, but this ball and sauce literally made my nose run.  Hot, just for the sake of hot, is never appealing.  The pesto left a lot to be desired as well.  And the turkey ball was dry and rather flavorless.  I always buy turkey meatballs at Whole Foods which are delicious and these did not at all compare.  I also order the beans and greens which were good, but super soupy and kind of should have been served with a spoon. The friends that ate the veggie balls said it was really just a white bean ball and rather flavorless.  If you are a meatball place, you should make meatballs - the best meatballs ever.  These were not nearly as good as my mom's or Whole Foods which was disappointing.
4	There are three levels. The top is a beer garden that has a retractible roof. One of the best spots to be in Pittsburgh when the weather is nice. The first floor is a meatball restaurant. Not nearly as good as the Meatball Shop in NY but still good. The second floor is the gem, a great Italian place with great pizza and charcuterie. I tried the seafood risotto, it was delicious. I wish amazing places like this existed when I lived in downtown Pittsburgh!
3	Didn't eat here just grabbed a drink and had a huge selection of draft beer which we really enjoy. People around us said the meatballs were great.
4	Do I need to say anything else? The pizza was amazing, the calamari was one of the most tender I've ever had and that was just on the second floor.We've also been to the meatball floor which was really outstanding meatballsThe third floor is a treat and has a ton of beers on tap and great appetizers. I'd recommend coming here a couple times and trying different things since the menu rotates but we got octopus last time and it was ridiculously good. If you've never tried octopus try it here.
4	So awesome for a happy hour scene, but not for happy hour prices...The third floor rooftop is amazing! However, the winter atmosphere was compromising. The heaters installed were uncomfortable to sit near if you were at the bar. The heat on your face is so intense, you have to face the tables so you don't get artificial sunburn. The French75 cocktail is delectable. I didn't have a chance to try any of the bar food, but the selection was ok. It would be nice to offer more food options for the outdoor seating as well.All in all, it was nice. Nice mix of people, and I can't wait to go the the beer garden when it gets warmer.
4	Sienna Mercato is a nice building/market with 2 restaurants (Emperio - a meatball joint and Mezzo) and a Il Tetto (a roof top garden).
5	I dreamed of meatballs last night after dinner here.  We didn't get to see the second floor, but had some drinks on the awesome roof top bar, then dinner down below.  This is a MUST in Pittsburgh.  The roof top bar has a great selection on tap with some ciders as well (good gluten free option).  The view is amazing.  It's a glass top, so closed when cold, open when warmer.  After drinks we headed down to Emporio for dinner.  The menu is not something I've seen before.  Some intriguing app, but we didn't indulge. The gist of the menu is MEATBALLS.  Four types, meat, veggie, pork, or turkey (which is the only gluten free option, but well worth it).  Then picking a sauce, and style. (Saucy balls are a must).  Sides are available.  I had my turkey meatballs with arrabbiata sauce over gluten free penne.  I also asked for a side of the tzatziki sauce, because it's one of my favs (worth it). My wife had the veggie balls with a mushroom gravy over tater tots, yes tater tots. Don't make that face, they were great she said.  The atmosphere is very inviting, staff/service at both spots were on point.  Cannot wait to return.  Highly recommend this place.
5	Mezzo is awesome - local cheeses, charcuterie, pizza, and wine. The pistachio and porchetta pizza is AMAZING, I've never had anything like it. We went for a group dinner during a Steelers home game, so it was pretty quiet, but still with a good atmosphere. Wine selection is stellar, our server Andi was knowledgable and friendly and great!
4	This place is fab! it has 3 floors .. the first floor my bartender was Matt. he was great and made me a strong cosmo. I had a turkey meatball Panini. Second floor was Doug. very knowledgeable.i actually loved everyone there it was a Wednesday night and it was crowded. 3rd floor was Laura. she was also. I can't say enough about this place. I had on 4 inch heels and one of the staff memebers asked me if I need help down the steps . I would definitely go back the place was great and inexpensive I loved it.
1	This restaurant kicked out a veteran Pittsburgh Police Officer because an employee noticed he may have been carrying a concealed firearm. This is absurd I will tell everyone I possibly can not to spend a dime is this restaurant.
1	Was there and the food was average.  Then there was an off duty Pittsburgh Police officer in there eating....naturally he had his service weapon concealed however the manager came up and asked him if he had a weapon.  The officer identified himself as a PIttsburgh Police officer and told the manager that he had his service weapon.  The manager asked him to leave......the nerve.  I will never enter your establishment again as long as you have concealed carry policy and to apply it to law enforcement is absurd.
