3	The clothes are cute here. But they are expensive. Sorry but I refuse to shell out $34.95 for one pair of jeans for my 2 year old. I did buy a couple of things that were on clearance. I tried on a few pairs of jeans for myself. I liked a couple of them but the sale price was still pretty spendy. I tried on the "new"  fit jeans that they are displaying,pushing right now. I must have gained 5 pounds on the way back into the dressing room because they did not have the same great fit. Customer service was so so. I had tried on a few things. I came back out and put my rejects back. I picked up a few more things to try on and no one offered my a room again. So I just went back to the same room again with no assistance. I had asked one of the sales associates if there were any more on sale tank tops and she never did get back to me. So yeah they get a so so from me. I would not go out of my way to shop here.
3	Small selection and barely anything caught my attention. Men's section did not look ridiculous disproportionate to the women's section. Just not much going on in the store. Overall the layout is nice and simple, but the stock does not look as extensive as other stores. The Gap is nice for simple plaid shirts, chinos, and jeans. The prices are average and the quality is good. The colors are becoming more eye catching, but it is still simple compared to other stores who believe in color saturation.
4	Let's fall into the Gap!Even though i grew out of this brand i still come here to buy gifts for my friend's kids. I also buy their perfumes and colognes for gifts. Their quality is pretty great I love their exceptional customer service. Everytime i fall into the GAP i always get greeted wtih a smile and promos are being said. Sales associates are always checking up on you every 10 minutes to make sure your finding things ok which get's a little bit annoying, but  i consider it an exceptional service.If your stump on trying to find a gift for someone, fall into the gap and get them a sweatshirt. For a baby sweatshirt i bought recently it costs around $40. A bit pricey but still it's the GAP what do you expect, im sure the adult sweatshirts are a little bit more, but the material is worth it, not cheap at all.Fall into the GAP now!
4	I usually find items here that I love to death for a very good price. Associates at this location have honest feedback and are fun to talk to about fashion and retail business. I've been a regular customer for nearly ten years and will probably shop here for a long time to come.
4	This place is one of the few places that I can find jeans to fit my almost 6 year old.  Her wasit is a 4t but she needs a length of a size 6.  There 6 slims skinny although still slightly too big are the best fit that we have found where we don't have to sinch in the waist so much that it causes the back of the jeans waist to bunch and look rediculas.
2	This store is small and doesn't carry alot of items for women or men. It's a waste of time for me everytime.
