4	I buy  hay for our horses and they DELIVER!!!! great prices! Fun older store to shop, need baby chicks? they have them. Great family run business. Only 4 stars because they don't carry my preferred senior feed and supplements.....YET......
4	I had heard others talk about getting high quality cat and dog food for great prices at feed & tack stores. I never quite believed them until I decided to stop passing by Gordon's and wondering. I pulled in and saw the light.Gordon's IS tiny, but with the help of the Grandson, I found "Taste of the Wild," a completely grain free all natural cat chow that is good for all ages, from kittens to seniors. My cats loved it from the get go and it was no more expensive than Purina One, but I sure feel a lot better feeding them this. They also carry "Petite Cuisine"- Fancy Feast sized cans of food that is the most wonderfully unprocessed cat food I have ever seen. Again, cheaper than the nationally recognized competition- far cheaper in fact, and far, far better for my cats with no fillers and no mystery meats.The staff consisting of Grandmother, Mother, and Grandson are all very friendly, and the Grandson always volunteers to carry my purchases to the car. I'm sold on Gordon's for my pet food needs.
4	when ever my animals get sick or hurt i refer to the local feed stores! veterinarians are soo expensive and are cash cows. ive always called my local feed stores when ever im in need of veterinarian care. and they have always been helpful and cheap!!! and my animals have always healed from their advise and product. they have saved me so much money.
1	They may be very nice, and helpful when you are buying from them, BUT customer service is non-existant if you happen to have a problem with something that you bought from them.  THE CUSTOMER IS NEVER RIGHT in their viewpoint!
5	I will avoid going to a pet store now that I have found Gordon's.  I have been coming here for the past year and I have never had a bad experience.  I have a dog with a lot of allergies and they always help me out on medicine, creams, and food.  There isn't a place you can get this quality of information or service in town for you animals.  The prices are very reasonable.  It is a little bit of a drive for me but it is worth your while.
