5	Incredibly good rum!Decided to check out Maggie's after having a sample of it at the Yelp Helps! event.  Heard their new tasting room and bar was opening up and the wife and I decided to head out on a whim.Granted...  this place is a bit off the beaten path in the strip.  But if you make the voyage, you're immediately welcomed with an awesome copper bar directly overlooking the distilling equipment, fermenters, etc.  While they're only selling their standard 80 proof unspiced unaged rum, they gave a few samples of some stuff they have in the making (stay tuned!).  The owner and staff definitely know their booze.As of now, they have 6 different rum drinks you can order at the bar.  Both of ours were incredibly good (though deceptively boozy).So happy to see the hyper-local craft cocktail, spirits and beer scene continuing to grow with another great addition!
5	Saw their incredibly home made sign out front as we were walking by and had to stop. Terrific, clear smooth rum. We loved it. Living at 31st street, this is a close place to stop for a relaxed!
4	Did you have any idea you liked rum?Pittsburgh is certainly on the map when it comes to craft beer, but who'd have thought that a rum distillery could be so awesome? In a small and unsuspecting location, there's a hand-painted sign outside that details their offering in big letters: "RUM." Friday and Saturday evenings, 5-10 PM, they offer a menu of $6 cocktails, all mixed with house-made syrups.They use a brand new copper still hand-crafted and imported from Spain. They're happy to talk with you, give you some samples, and mix some delicious drinks for a solid price.Oh, and the rum is pretty damn good.I had no idea I liked rum.
4	Sooooo until being invited to the #YelpBlogSquad event at Maggie's, rum was simply something that I would get in my coke at covert underage drinking parties a few years ago. Well, rum drinking has matured in Pittsburgh. Not sure that I have but I truly enjoyed the rum drinks at Maggie's. I should have taken along a sleeping bag or, at least a uber driver so that I could have enjoyed more. Why am I a rum-drinking Jagoff?  Because I didn't get a pic of the gang in our Yelp sunglasses at the bar with the owners.  I guess that means I just have to go back!!! When I do, hopefully I'll see YOU there. It's a great place.
5	Was here for a yelper's happy hour with my fiance. Was a new patron there but LOVED IT. The owners Moss & Tim were delightful & helpful. Cocktails were epic good, especially the coffee one .... Great prices too. Bought a bottle of their silver rum - delicious! The only downer is the other rums aren't available to buy yet. Looking forward to having my bridal shower here too.
5	Ok.  Been wanting to try this place for awhile.  Friend and I decided to make our own Strip Crawl, as Maggie's X 2 + Driving is not my kind of math.We parked in the thick of things and set out on foot - which is good, as parking at MFR is not plentiful.The rum inside, however, was plentiful AND flavorful.  We both had a Painkiller - nice and sweet with some freshly grated nutmeg on top - very tropical.  I also had a Fizz, which was lemony and a little frothy, compliments of the agitated egg white.  Friend had the Hawaiian - quite good, as well.The distillery is right there, too.  As was the owner / Master Distiller-er / bartender.We did not feel the need to purchase a bottle, but we would definitely go back to try the rest of the drink menu.  Pittsburgh, you definitely got it going on - !
4	Interesting find in the strip district. While making rum in pittsburgh seems out of place.  This is a true silver rum made from imported sugar cane.  It has a nice balance of taste versus strength,  certainly comparable to other rums, only locally made and more interesting flavor. No aged rum yet. The distiller has plans for an over proof edition to come soon. Hope to see more good things to come from this distillery with time.
4	Maggie's is a very unique place in Pittsburgh. The rum is tasty, the drinks are very creative and I hope they continue to come up more drink ideas. I tried the painkiller and spicy pear. The bar is on the smaller side, so I could definitely see it becoming packed at times. Otherwise it's a very nice place to drink on a Saturday evening. I even purchased a bottle of their white rum, which smells amazing.
5	Been here a few times to try the rum and to indulge in some serious cocktails. Not only is the rum delicious and locally sourced, but they make some of the best cocktails in Pittsburgh! I have tried many, but the painkiller is truly out of this world! They also change the cocktails depending on the freshness of the ingredients so there is always something new to try.
5	Ok, I've had rum from all around the world and Tim's is on par or better than all that. If you don't drink their rum, then you hate Pittsburgh and you hate America. Guessing yelp deletes this review because they also hate small business and hate America.  Bet they keep competitors negative reviews though.....
5	I've learned that if you drive by what looks like a warehouse with closed doors, textured windows and a sign outside that says "RUM FOR SALE", you stop the car and go inside.  In the case of Maggie's Farm Rum, you will find some tables, a bar and some tasty  locally distilled rums inside.   I recommend sitting at the bar where your view will include the still and any cocktail making.  While you're there, order a cocktail from their menu.  The menu does change but their tasting/cocktail menu is diverse.  Cocktail hours are very limited, though, so be sure to call ahead or check their website.  (Bottle sales are more often.)It goes without saying that I'm happy to find more Pittsburgh-born alcohol.  I've been enjoying the local breweries but it's nice to mix things up with some spirits now and again.
