4	We hired Agave to trim 2 trees. They did a great job and I plan to use them in the future. Geoff was very thorough in detailing what needed to be done. He was very friendly and they did a great job cleaning up after themselves.
1	Like one of the other people said, I hired Geoff to do a lot of work on my yard and also to maintain the property while it was rented before we moved in a year later. Agave was supposed to remove some trees and bushes and then put in a number of new plants. They did remove the trees and bushes but Geoff didn't plant all the plants right away saying that he was waiting for the summer heat to cool off or that he was still looking for a cactus the size we had wanted. I didn't think much of it knowing that he was the landscaping professional and I was unfamiliar with planting in the desert.Unfortunately, Geoff took advantage of the fact that we were in CT and couldn't check on them here in AZ. Luckily my parents were able to check on the property every month when the tenants let them in to change the air filters. When my parents went to the house one month after some of the plants were in the ground, they called me panicked saying that it looked like all the plants were dying. I notified Geoff immediately and he said he'd take care of it. That didn't happen. We lost almost every plant he did put in the ground. To make matters worse, we heard from the tenants that Agave was not coming to do the lawn work as often as they were scheduled. Basically we paid them to be there and they didn't show up! To make matters worse, I again texted and phoned Geoff to try to resolve the problem and he tried to push the blame off us and then QUIT! I think he was scared because we were flying out to AZ a week later and he knew we would discover that not only was he lackadaisical in taking care of our lawn, his crew also did NOT plant all the plants we paid for. Geoff seems charming and dedicated but he is not to be trusted. BEWARE!
1	It's very unfortunate that Geoff is still trying to cover up for his company's error. It is true that our water timer was changed out but I made him aware of the change BEFORE he started doing all the plantings. If he was so on top of business, why didn't he realize the plants were dying and look at the water timer to see if that was the culprit? It took him months to figure out that our water timer was set incorrectly? Please. That's pathetic. If he is really a professional landscaper who cares about his work, he should have caught it before it was too late.As for offering to replace the plants, we agreed to split the loss, not the cost. He said he would replace some of the plants, not all, for his part. He did not do so. Also, he never planted any of the Katie Ruella. These were supposed to be planted between the driveway and walkway. That never happened. I can't verify whether he did or did not plant the vine in the front of the house or the vine along the back wall since there was nothing there when we came out months later. If they died, they also mysteriously disappeared. The one cactus that he didn't plant is not the one I am complaining about. He never bought it and we never paid for it. No loss there.I am hardly trying to soil his company's name or reputation. He did that all by himself.
5	I have been using these guys for several years now.  They've always been dependable and on time with what they told me they could do and when they could do it.I've recommended them to family and friends, and I'll continue to refer them to other people.
5	Geoff and his crew do a great job on our regular maintenance. We've also had them do some large tree removal with very good results. Their prices are competitive and Geoff is easy to get in touch with for questions and is flexible with scheduling.
4	I can't give them 5 stars because technically I didn't get to see how good of a job they do :-P However, the guy (sorry forgot his name) came out to our home free of charge and took a look at the trees we wanted to have trimmed. He gave his honest advice on how much trimming should be done and said that they'd be happy to come, but the job was a relatively small one and their company has a minimum fee they charge to come out which was higher than what we wanted to pay. I appreciated his honesty! For future reference, this company is probably a better match for landscaping needs that go beyond trimming a few branches.
5	Professional, Knowledgeable, and truly cared about my tree.  Showed up same day for estimate and walked through ideas to improve the look, layout, and overall health of our large tree.  Could not be happier with the outcome!  A++++ Job and Crew!
5	Geoff and his crew are awesome, after trying two other landscapers a friend of ours referred me to Agave Tree and Landscaping. His crews are always on time, friendly and informative. Prices are wonderful and the finished job every other week meets our expectations. The best thing is the gentleman completing our service are clean and neatly groomed and they all speak English. I highly recommend this company.
5	Update to my previous review.  I hired Agave a second time.  I needed them to remove a tree that was damaged by the monsoon and to trim another tree. They showed up on time, did an excellent job, and were good about cleaning up after themselves.  They will be my go to tree service company in the future.
5	We hired Agave Tree & Landscape for twice per month lawn mowing and yard maintenance about 5 months ago.  We have been extremely pleased with the work that Geoff and his team have done!  Communication is excellent and our yard always looks fantastic.  I would highly recommend this company to anyone looking for a lawn/landscape service!
5	I recommend Agave Tree & Landscape and will use them again. I needed a tree trimmed before my new tenants moved in and Geoff was on it. The price was very fair and he did what he promised to do. They also did a wonderful job cleaning up. I had nothing but a pleasant experience. They get 5 stars!!
5	My husband and I hired agave to remove a bunch of large, overgrown shrubs and to install a new landscape. The crew did an amazing job and our backyard looks great! Geoff was wonderful to work with and easy to contact directly! I highly recommend!
1	Unfortunately I was not able to get a hold of anyone.  I know during monsoon season everyone is busy but a courtesy phone call or email would have been nice.
5	Great experience with Geoff. Very thorough communication, came out the same day for a free quote over the weekend and did the work on Monday. Did a great job trimming a tall, neglected tree and our post-monsoon weeds. Left no mess for us to clean up. Thanks again!
3	I really wanted this to be my go to landscaping company, but...The first time Geoff and his crew were out, there was a very large tree overhanging my house, a big queen palm in the back that the previous owners neglected, weeds, trimming, etc. that needed to be taken care of. Geoff came out for the estimate and was back with his crew to complete the work in a short amount of time. That appointment was great!The first issue I had was during my second appointment. I emailed Geoff about a drip system leak in the front yard, and the palm in the back needed a quick trim- nothing big, but it needed to be done.  We agreed to a price via email and he sent out his crew. They were able to get the work done and everything was going well, until it was time for my wife to pay. I was inside the house, busy doing something with my kids and when she went to pay they said it wasn't enough and brought up their "minimum fee". I never agreed to pay a "minimum fee", I agreed to the price Geoff and I discussed via email. Obviously nobody else was notified. So now I have his crew telling my wife (and me now) that it's going to be more than what I was quoted via email. The worker agrees to call Geoff but can't get in touch with him. He finally agrees to take the check we had made out for the pre-agreed amount and says he'll talk to Geoff about it. Okay, that's fine, but the whole thing was very strange. It's like they couldn't understand why I wasn't paying their "minimum fee". Very odd.Remember the drip system leak in the front yard? It came back (not blaming this on Geoff or Agave, just old). So I sent Geoff an email asking if he could come out and take a look. Never heard anything. At that point, I figured I should seek the help of a drip system expert. I did, he's great, and maybe it was all for the best. As another reviewer mentioned, it seems like they're great for big jobs but not so much for the small stuff. That's not necessarily a bad thing, I just wish I would have known.
5	We had an overgrown side yard of roses and cannas.  What a mess.  They designed a new plan and it looks great.  They redid the path, cleaned out the yard, pruned trees and it all looks wonderful.  Reasonably priced.  Easy to get hold of and work with.  So far the best of the landscape people I have used.  They take real pride in their work which is obvious when you talk to them while they are working.  They bought high quality plants to use - that has been a huge problem with other landscape people.  My wife if very picky, she  is very happy with how this turned out.
