1	So the devil has allowed me a few days escape from my interminable resting place down there and naturally I decided to visit an ice cream shop before I was sent back.Unfortunately I chose this "Gelato Cafe" on the outdoor patio at the Fashion Show Mall facing the Wynn:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3nooaG-Tik4WzPxU43Bm9A?select=qILtKhKwv2pR5Pz8f3vmYQI love analyzing bad businesses.  First of all the pricing scheme is a mess with 3 one ounce scoops of gelato costing $5 and then $2.50 for each additional 1 ounce scoop.  Really jackasses?  Tiny little cups of nothingness for lots of cash, that was your brilliant idea?  Coldstone Creamery has this place cold stone crushed with a monster banana split or chocolate indulgence extravaganza for $6 or so.Secondly they try to do too much with their menu and offerings - they're selling sandwiches and bagels on there.  Why.  Focus!Oh and finally this is sort of important - their "gourmet" gelato product is not particularly good - it tastes thin and icy like a sorbet, so if you're really jonesing for ice cream, this might not satisfy.  So it's not even about the money really.  Terry Fator is an awesome Vegas fixture:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3nooaG-Tik4WzPxU43Bm9A?select=glFLtcwtcOaXelHT6vxpkwGelato Cafe not so much.
4	Unlike the previous review, I happen to be a fan of the Gelato Cafe. I think their gelato's better than the one in Bellagio (which is more expensive and doesn't taste as good as the Gelato Cafe).I tried their oreo, which was a great treat on such a hot day.I'll be visiting them the next time I go to Vega$.
1	High prices, lowest quality gelato my wife and I have ever had.  Seriously.  Very grainy, not smoothe and creamy as it should be.  You can tell just looking at it that it's not going to be very good, but we tried it anyhow as we had a BOGO Las Vegas Entertainment book coupon.Save your time and money and head to Ben and Jerry's or the high end gelateria joint at the Miracle Mile Shops near Planet Hollywood Casino and Hotel.
4	I knew i was coming to town and happened to see a groupon for this place. My boyfriend and I made this our last stop out of town and we are so glad that we finished out trip with this. I'm not sure what the other people were talking about. i found the gelato to be delicious and smooth. I ordered the hazlenut and coconut. both were an absolute delight.My boyfriend got the caramel, raspberry and chocolate. I didn't see the caramel or perhaps i would have selected that one. it was incredible.on a hot day, walking the strip, this was the stop to make. we are so glad that we took a chance with our groupon. we will definitely come back the next time we are in vegas.as for this place being expensive... it is no more expensive than anything else in vegas.
3	Calm down, people. It's pricey and pretty average. Go somewhere else if you can, but go if you have to, because it'll hit the spot if you want it enough.  #Firstworldproblems
5	This little cafe is a great place to stop when you're on the strip. The staff is friendly and will let you try samples of the flavors before you buy. It  always tastes fresh and flavorful. If you have ever been to another gelato shop on the strip you know that the prices are reasonable. Most other places have much smaller serving sizes. Oh and they have Illy coffee! Yum!
2	Gelato cafe should really live up to their name.I don't know what's Gelato about their Gelato. it doesn't taste Gelato at all.I orderedcoconutbananarumon a waffle bowlas much as I love sweetI ate only half of it and thrown out the other half.
3	Good, but pricey.  I guess I should have expected that for the Las Vegas Strip.  The pineapple gelato was refreshing and flavorful.
1	I used a coupon for buy one, get one free waffle cone from the fashion show mall coupon book.  It was 8.65 (including tax) for the 2, due to the coupon.  I had hazelnut and pistachio.  Honestly, it was pretty sad.  The cone was the best part.  I mean if I didn't have the coupon.  8.65 for a one scoop cone.  Really ?!?!  The people there were nice enough, but the gelato left something to be desired.
1	This is not true gelato nor is it ice cream or frozen custard.  Not even sure how to describe it other than it's nasty; plain and simple. I know my frozen treats and this is by far the worst I ever had. Tastes more like chemically synthesized flavoring blended into semi frozen sludge.  Had both the banana and chocolate. The banana...not a single ounce of real banana flavor in there. The chocolate...remember licking scratch and sniff books that had a cup of hot chocolate as a kid?  That experience beats the flavor here. Horrible! How do you screw up chocolate ice cream!?!? Goal accomplished. How was the service you ask? Well, it's on par with the quality of their product.  Bad. Would you expect anything else?  But let's be real here, who's going to work here...uneducated kids with no motivation or skills. So, going into this transaction knowing that I could get past the crappy service if the product was good. It's not, hence the 1 star rating which I rarely give out. The place is a scam and WAY overpriced. Prepay only, why?  Because they know you're less likely to ask for a refund and won't dispute the charge. Don't even be fooled by having a sample...5 steps away after your purchase you'll realize what I mean and toss it into the trash and go about your day; just as I did.  Typical tourist trap banking on the unexpecting. Major FAIL.
