3	This quick eats place is located in the race and sports book area, right across from the Lion King theatre.We were looking for something tasty and not so hoity toity place when we found the eatery.  The BF was in the mood for philly cheese steak and voila! They do serve it.  The sandwich is good for 2 people and it comes with good fries.  When you buy a drink, do they offer 1 free refill but be wary what time it is.  I guess we got there close to closing time.  The lady told us about the free refill, but she didn't mention it to us that they were getting ready to close.  By the time I finished the drink and went back up, she said "Sorry we're closed!!!" and  I was like "I just wanted to get a refill" and she said no.  So the BF goes up to her and ask her for water and she said no, that they have already cleaned everything and there's no more fluids in the soda machine.  BIG BUMMER! I wished she would've told us in the beginning =(The price range for the food could be like $8.50 for a chilli hotdog to less than $18 for a nice salad.  They also have small tables that you bring your food to or you can sit  and eat at the leather chairs if you wanted to watch the sports game.
4	At Mandalay Bay there aren't many casual places to get a snack and I'm always eating... Sports Book Grill is hidden in a corner and was a good place to grab a quick bite.The turkey club sandwich for $11 was stacked high and the fries were tasty.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wJAs37fHi3iqQ8Huym1mGg?select=6TeeKaVwmPCxsNFu0o_ZHwNo complaints here.  I would come back if I stay at Mandalay Bay again.Vegas Trip 10/20-23/11
4	We went to this Sports book not knowing what to expect since I read reviews on this being overly priced and not that good. Well to our surprise it was super yummy. We ordered a turkey sandwich and it came with french fries. The turkey sandwich was so yummy and with a lot of turkey! Totally worth it! I recommend this place for fast and normal food on the strip! Cant beat a good sandwich/food and great place to watch sports.
2	Decent food but it takes FOREVER to  get it especially when crowded.  It may not look crowded but be careful.  You order and pay and then you realize there are 50 orders in front of you.  And you can't cancel the order. They should tell you that it will be awhile before you order.  I will not return.
4	Amazingly this was the best value for food at Mandalay Bay. It is your basic burger, sandwich, fries type of place but it really works.   Located just off the sports booking area it is a hidden gem. Service was friendly and quick and although it is more cafeteria style than a sit down restaurant, IT ROCKED!  If you are more impressed with a good meal and being full than the fancy stuff then you found your place.
4	Pleasantly surprised by this out of the way stand. Food prices were pretty good - we got a burger and chicken fingers, and found the portion sizes to be generous. The fries were good, as many other reviewers have mentioned.Since it's in the Sports Book, nobody under 21 can eat here. They do offer takeout though. Their menu is probably among the more kid-friendly of the restaurants. We had a food & beverage credit with the room and this was also one of the only places open later at night.Service is somewhat slow so they lose a star. Beverage/dessert prices seem out of proportion compared to the reasonable food prices.
4	I got the hot dog and fries ($7). It comes with a pickle too!Staff is wonderful.  I ordered it to-go, sat down and ate it while watching ESPN.I will come back here.
