5	Did a tour with them, fantastic facility, with very knowledgeable trainers who walked us around.. Tour was about an hour or so, watches them give their lions a bath which was cool and a training session which was neat... Can't wait to go back again and see more
4	I didn't take a formal tour, just walked the grounds with my hubs. I was surprised to see the lions fenced off the way they were, I thought they would have more space to roam around. I enjoyed seeing them interact, we heard a lot of roaring while we were here. It was a little sad at times, because you can see just how restless they are. There's multiple security measures in place, but it still felt like you were up close with the lions.
4	My adult son and I really enjoyed our visit.  The compounds were clean and all of the animals seemed in good health.  Of course, being lions, they were basically all sleeping during the afternoon but we did enjoy watching the cubs romp and play.  It was a good experience and worth the visit.
5	We started off our Vegas trip here and it was so amazing! Way better than Siegfried and Roy's Secret Garden which is quite awesome. The lions are right up close and personal. One of us almost got peed on! Unlike a zoo where the animals sleep all day and lead sad lives, here the lions are playing and interacting and seem quite comfortable and loving towards their handlers. I was really excited about going here and it exceeded my expectations.
5	This is where the MGM lions have home! Actually the place has been here and supplying the lions for photo ops for years. MGM pulled it and don't seam to be offering these folks any support, so hopefully all you folks will come and support these folks. All the folks working here are awesome! They have a lot of knowledge and Are eager to share it. The owner, Keith Evans was in the cub interaction with me and he was really nice. All the girls who help out in the interaction are sweet. Yes it's 200 bucks but you could lose that on 10 minutes on the strip, trust me you will like this better. Bonus , you can take all the photos you like while you are im the enclosure. Daughter and I went in together and took turns with the camera. These folks treat the lions like like kings.... And queens ;) I loved it and will def recommend it to all my friends !
5	I wanted to send you a note to once again thank you for the fantastic time that my wife and I had visiting the Lion Habitat Ranch and your providing us with a private tour last Thursday 8-15-13.  We both thoroughly enjoyed ourselves and learned a tremendous amount about all of the Lions.  We will definitely recommend anyone that we know who are coming to the Las Vegas area to visit the Lion Habitat Ranch.  In fact we mentioned it to a family that we met while on a tour to the Hoover Dam the next day and suggested that they go and visit the Ranch for it is an exceptional experience.We look forward to again visiting the Lion Habitat Ranch in the future for we have told both of our grown children and they are also very interested in coming to the Ranch.  We thank you once again for the great time and all of the insight that you provided.
5	My favorite place in Vegas! (Henderson) I had such a great time looking at the lions up close,especially Lucky my favorite lion. It was pure joy to actually hold Benny a cub. The facility is clean. The lions look healthy. The trainers and staff are so nice!!! I went 2 days in a row in May. I can't wait to go next month to see how big Benny is.
5	My husband and I were in Vegas this past weekend and met up with our local Nevada friends who took us to this awesome ranch.  We got there, signed a quick waiver, paid $20 per person, (which at first I thought was a little steep). What a great $40 my husband and I spent.  To be that close to these animals was amazing.  The trainers and staff were so sweet to give us info on the different Lions.  We got to see 8 week old baby lions being bottled fed due to their momma not being able to produce any milk.  The grounds are immaculate, the staff wonderful and so informative.  I would recommend this place to anyone.  Adults and kids of all ages.  The roaring the lions make is amazing.
4	The gem in the Vegas Valley that nobody knows about!  I took my Goddaughter and it was the best $20 I have spent in a long time.  I had no idea this was here.  It is like a community where lions and tigers go to retire.  The animals are so extremely well taken care of and happy...you can tell.  The employees were super friendly, the facility is amazingly clean.  Not a big facility, but there were dozens of lions.  We were able to walk around, take it all in, talk to the employees about the animals and even see the baby cubs being fed in a little over an hour.
5	Best experience of my life! We did the cub interaction for $200. It was so awesome! I bottle fed a 4 week old baby cub! He was sweet and beautiful :) I held him on my lap and was able to pet him and play with him. Wow , I'll never forget this for the rest of my life! I didn't get to see the rest of the sanctuary because it was raining...I plan on returning for sure!!!!
5	My son and I went to Las Vegas on vacation this past March. We were fortunate enough to find out about this wonderful place.  It was one of the best experiences we have ever had. The lions are healthy and well taken care of. We had the opportunity to meet and take a picture with Rock, the lion cub. What an amazing place!! If you are ever in Vegas, don't miss the chance to experience this once in a lifetime  gem!!!!
5	While most children dream of being a doctor or a lawyer, I grew up with a dream of working with animals--lions were my personal preference. Of course, real life happened & I got married, raised my children, & found a good job--NOT as a vet or pet shop owner! Last year I noticed an article in The Review Journal. We have a Lion Habitat in Las Vegas!! We can actually visit the lions--up close--& we can hold a CUB!! Today I fulfilled a life long dream--finally a major wish on my bucket list has a check next to it!! For six minutes (of shear h-e-a-v-e-n!!) I sat in a playroom & bottle fed & cuddled with a three month old lion cub!! Words can't begin to express the emotions that run through your veins when you hold "the king of the jungle" on your lap!!! My only regret is that I didn't know about this amazing santuary prior to late last year! I fully intend on visiting as frequently (& financially!!) as possible--I look forward to watching these little guys grow up & bottle feeding any future Lion Habitat residents. I want to spread the word to both Vegas locals & visiting adventurers who are looking for an amazing (& totally unique) experience. Where else can you go to see lions of all ages, shapes, & sizes in such an intimate setting? And not only can you see the animals up close & personal, the ranch also offers individualized events such as "Trainer For a Day" & "Feast With the Beast". When you visit, you can clearly see how content all of the animals are & I've come to the conclusion that while I hate to share the cubs, I need to spread the word to others so that the owners & staff of The Lion Habitat Ranch can continue to care for and offer this awesome adventure for many, many years to come! So yes, if you're looking for a terrific afternoon filled with a breathtaking experience, visit the ranch--your visit will help feed the residents and keep the gates open for both the guests & future "Lion Habitat" inhabitants.....
4	Really cool place, you can get fairly close to the lions. Entry is $20, kind of expensive...Also, it's $200(!!!) to spend six minutes with the lion cubs. Overpriced? YES.Overall a nice family experience.
4	great experience and seeing the lions up close. staff was all very friendly and this is definitely something to do at least once. probably the closest i will ever come to meeting a 10 year old 500lb lion face to face within inches. was also cool to see the cubs interacting. staff is great in that they will engage with the lions while you are there so you can see them close up.
4	Fun place to take the kiddos for an hour. A bit on the pricey side but I'm sure the upkeep and food bill for the lions is probably pretty pricey as well. We had a good time.
4	Went for the first time yesterday.  Cool place.  Went with some friends to the Lions & Wine event, a fundraiser for the Boys & Girls Club.  Its a little off the beaten path but the event confirmation from the charity gave great directions.  Always have mixed feelings on animals in captivity, but really enjoyed watching the lions play and do their lion thang. Since it was a special event, and people were socializing, I don't think we had the full experience of the Habitat.  I'll definitely go back again.
5	I love this place. Staff is so friendly and knowledgeable. Lions relax and lounge around their cages and seem to be enjoying the domesticated life. Great place to take the kids. The walk around the place doesn't take too long, even though there are a lot of Lions. I think we were there for a little over an hour or so until the youngest in our group was over it. The great thing is you can take as little or long as you like to go through it. There's also a few random birds, one that talks (says hello), and an ostrich. Highly recommend waiting for one of the trainers to go into one of the cages. It is cool too watch them interact. We also were pretty lucky as they had baby cubs at the time and we got to watch them eat. Price= $20 for 1 adult + kid is pretty reasonable, but $200 for six minutes with a lion cub is outrageous. There's also a $5 discount on the last Sunday of the month for locals. I was also invited to a wine tasting event that raised money for the boys and girls club. Great venue for an event like that.
5	Best place ever! I wish they had a frequent visitors pass because I would go every weekend. The lions are so well taken care of and the staff is super friendly. I always tell people to come here when they are visiting in town also. If your in Vegas it's worth checking out. I am a huge animal love and I can't get enough of this place!
5	I had seen The Lion Habitat a few months back on the morning news and wanted to go ever since. The cubs on the news were so adorable. Yesterday i was finally able to go. It was such a fun experience. The staff were informative and friendly. I'm sure they've answered the same questions a hundred times but it didn't show. It is true that most of the lions are laying around sleeping but the ones who were out were worth it. The cubs were already 7 months old but still adorable. The trainer was in the cage with them but most were sleeping in the shade. Only one wanted to play. There is one habitat that has a family in it with three kids that I believe were around a year and a half years old. At one point the dad was playing with one of the kids. Our favorite lion was probably Lucky. He is beautiful and huge and not even full grown yet. He also didn't like my boyfriend. Every time he moved Lucky would growl at him. We were also there for when the lions are all roaring. It started on the other side of the habitat and finally got to the cage that we were in front of. When we left it started again and we could hear it from the parking lot. Overall I'm glad we got away from the strip to see this. I liked their facebook page to keep updated when there are more cubs. I'm tempted to do the $200/6 minutes. Also, we want to come back to see Lucky fully grown. He was truly beautiful.
5	Wow!! I had no idea this place even existed. A friend suggested it when I was looking for ideas of things to do on a day we were going to be in Henderson. I figure if we were driving all the way down there (from Centennial Hills), we might as well make a day of it. This place was fantastic. So much fun. The staff was so friendly. The lions were adorable. It was a hot day and a lot of the lions were being lazy and keeping to the shade but we still got some great interaction with a few. I'm so happy we know about this place now. We'll for sure be heading back down there.
5	This is a great place to go.  Many lions to see. Staff were very friendly and knowledgeable. They have a "feeding" program,  so my 11 yr old son was able to hand feed a lion!!! It was an amazing experience!   We will be back .
3	They have lots of lions, male & female, big & small, the animal handlers play and interact with some of them inside their enclosures... mostly outdoor so bring an umbrella and wear sunscreen if its a hot day! They have emus & bunny rabbits, and I overheard that they are getting a giraffe soon?? Can't wait for that!! $20 per adult and each adult admission includes one child admission
4	Would have given this hidden gem of Sin City 5 stars but the cashier that was working today, August 23rd in the AM was not friendly and did not appear to be too happy to be working.Despite the cold initial greeting, the other staff were friendly, kind and very informative.  The staff appeared to enjoy being with the beautiful animals.  The animals appear spoiled, loved and very well taken care of.  The $20 spent for admission for myself and child was well spent.  The majority of the animals were sleeping but we were able to see a handler playing ball with the 10 month old cubs, which was super cute.My 5 year old told everyone about Bentley the lion's 8th birthday today.  It was very cool the the handlers spoke of the animal's birthday.  I was also pleased to see that MJ the lion from the closed down zoo on Rancho was transported to this location and appears to be thriving and healthy.Definitely would recommend this lion habitat to everyone.  Habitat was clean and the animals appear loved.
3	Very nice little habitat for a wonderful collection of lions. All the cages are well-maintained and the lions seem very happy and healthy. It is pricey, but the money goes to keeping the lions and other animals.  Since MGM no longer hires them to be in the hotel entry fee and other fees are their main source of money.  The reason I gave only three stars is that it is small.  Except for some ostriches and one guinea fowl all they have are lions.  If there are no small cubs available the added extra of getting photos with one is not available.  Nice way to spend and hour, and it is a nice way to see some kitties until Clark County pulls its head out and gives Roos-N-More the permits to make the improvements that they're requiring.
5	Like so many others, i had no idea this place was here ! The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable. I will definitely have to continue to go back once its not so hot outside!
5	Very knowledgeable and friendly trainers.
5	A retirement home for lions, where they can live a comfortable life in their dotage. They also have cubs, ostriches, and a new baby giraffe to keep everyone entertained. Affordable unless you want to interact with the animals, but even then the prices are in line with most zoos. The owners are wonderful people who truly care about the the animals and the staff were all friendly and knowledgeable. It's going to be a regular stop for us whenever we're in Vegas.
5	This place was amazing. I have never experienced anything like this in my life. This was well worth the $40 we paid to get in. The staff was so friendly and talked to you and knew the personalities of every one of these lions it was like you were getting to know them. A lot of the lions even respond when you call their names. You are able to get close enough and still be safe to feel a real interaction. The baby giraffe was awesome and so sweet. I love this place and will be going a lot more.
5	This place is awesome place! They have expanded and i hope the keep expanding! There is plenty of different lions to look at. Even cubs. They also have a really cute baby giraffe and you can feed him!!!! The staff is really friendly and informed about each of the animals! Also love that this place is well maintained and clean!! They really seem to take great care of these animals which makes me happy (:
5	The wife and i went there today. what an awesome place to spend a few hours. Loved every minute. Moved to Vegas a couple months ago and thought this would be a good place to check out. The mirage garden is a joke compared to this place. highly recommend next time your in vegas or for any locals who haven't been here. Staff is great and owners are fantastic ppl. Paid to play with Angel (lion cub). Worth every penny. A once in a lifetime experience. How many times do you get a chance to feed and play with a lion cub. My wife and i will definitely be back again. Next time with our Grandkids. Thanks for a wonderful day!!
5	We had no idea this place existed until Yelp.  It's a wonderful place for kids and adults.  You can see lions extremely close up. The staff is very knowledgeable and the facility is easy to walk around in a hour or so.
5	A Must see!! It is located in Henderson 12 miles from the Las Vegas Strip, it has 46 lions and couples of emus, ostriches, parrots and tiger cub. General admission is $20, last Sunday of the month local gets 15%off. They have trainer for a day $800 base price, and other admissions/event choices. Price goes up to $25 for GA next year so get there now! :)I love how close you get to the lion some 4-5 feet away, these lions are huge I didn't realized as when I see them in Zoos they are far away. As you walk around the area, you'll learn fun and fascinating facts. I was taking a video of the lion and heard the lion handler yelled 'look out! Look out! The male lions spray urine upto 15 feet, we ran ..that was funny; female lions do all the hunting, as well as share in the newborn's care, African lions eat together and they can sleep up to 20 hours a day and more.One of the lion is 18 years in captivity but in jungle upto 10yrs. I also found out that these lions look so well-groomed all the time, they do get a little bit of help. To make sure the lions look their best, the trainers shampoo their fur with baby shampoo, followed by a blow-dry treatment.Talk about being the "mane" attraction! We were lucky today, we saw the trainers hand-feeding the lions and giving them balls for some playtime. We saw a 11 weeks old cub so cute! They will also do a $30 to hold the Cubs. I wanted to do that!These are the lions that used to be at the MGM Grand. They used to transport them everyday from here to MGM but hotel decided they no longer needed them, so they are now live permanently here. I was sad for these lions at first but learned these cages are bigger than the city allowed, in the summer they have an AC enclosed area where they can go inside, they are wells feed and taken care of. The place was well maintained as it looked very clean. The staff were very knowledgeable.The costs of keeping these magnificent creatures is enormous, so it was a nice surprise to find that it didn't charge extortionate prices. Evans and his wife own this place and the passion they have is seen by their interaction of the cub.Dont expect a big place like a zoo, this is a habitat and they are going to bring in more animals to make it a zoo.  Take a visit here, something different to experience. I fell in love with this place and the lions!!
3	I'm putting aside my bias towards caged animals and solely rating this place on value for the $$. It's $20 per person for admission and a small "habitat" consisting of wired enclosures housing 1-3 lions of varying ages- roughly 20 total. You do get to see these beautiful animals up close, but it's pretty repetitive (there's some birds, ostriches, and a baby giraffe (super cute)) and it took maybe 20 minutes to walk through. Probably not the fairest comparison but a great art museum in LA, SF, and NYC is roughly the same $$. Now onto the depressing part. For my husband and I it was a total bummer to see these amazing animals locked up in fenced in enclosures. Say what you may about the animals being happier, living longer, all the other bs- sorry- for us it was just sad..
5	My 4.5 yo & I loved it here! It's a very small place but we spent easily 2 hours & wanted to stay more.  And the people that works there are all so informative & super duper nice. We will definitely come back & recommend to people.
5	Such a great place! My 2 year old was so excited to see the lions! We will make frequent trips!
5	At first, my boyfriend and I were hesitant on the $25 entrance fee but once we walked in, we immediately saw a huge lion( later we found out his name was Bentley) sitting handsomely perched on a box, it was a perfect photo opportunity.We saw over 20 lions along with a 10-month old giraffe and ostriches. The staff is very friendly and do a great job of interacting with the lions and the guests. Overall, all the lions were very active and we could play with them. When we went, we saw a 14-week old cub who was beyond playful and entertaining. Watch out! The male lions aren't afraid to spray but the trainers do a great job of protecting you. We think this is a must see hidden gem!
