4	I won't go into the details or why we were at a hotel when visiting my family back in the 'burgh- oh wait you have a family too?  Then no explanation is necessary.There's not a lot of choice as far as lodging in the East End of Pittsburgh so it was a great move to take a couple of old apartment buildings on Fifth Ave and convert them into hotel suites.  There couldn't be a better location than here.The suites are nicely furnished with complete kitchens.  They offer limited shuttle service (three mile radius) with advance notice.  We didn't see them or ride them, but they have loaner bicycles available for unlimited use.  Coolest thing ever?  Likely.The (window mount) air conditioner struggled to keep up at night and it wasn't particularly hot out.  Maid service was spotty and the towels were not very plush.$99 (+$14 tax...) a night was a great deal.  It's not luxurious but this is Pittsburgh.  Free bikes?!cool.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE.  It is less expensive than area hotels:  for less than the price of one normal hotel room at a hotel located in a less desirable area, you get your own apartment nestled comfortably in Shadyside.  You really become a resident of the area and don't feel much like a guest.The customer service was great over the phone.  We were given the university rate for the room due to my father's affiliation with Pitt, and that made a good deal even better.  There's fancy cable, enough room that a family of four won't trip all over each other, and one of my favorite hoods within a short walking distance.  I LOVE THIS PLACE.  I recommend it without reservation.  Truly.
4	This place is great. We stayed 2 nights and had a very good stay. The room was very clean and comfortable - you basically get your own apartment, which makes for a very relaxing stay. The service is great - they give you muffins, coffee and juice when you check in for your room. Location is great also. We stayed in the back building which was only two blocks from the very cool Walnut Street shopping district. Overall I'd absolutely stay there again. The only downside was that the heat in the room was up pretty high and we couldn't figure out how to turn the heat down (no room controls). Otherwise a great & very reasonably priced place to stay.
4	My parents and sister stayed here for two nights on our most recent trip to Pittsburgh, and I joined them for our final night. Their suite was clean, and came with some much-appreciated extra amenities, like cookies (brilliant!) and fruit and expanded cable. They're located right next to Walnut St. and a bus stop that'll take you to Pitt/CMU and to the downtown. Our only complaint, via my mattress-picky father: soft mattresses. Everything else was just lovely, and definitely not generic or bland like chain hotels.
1	Do you remember the crappy apartment you rented in college or grad school?  The one with the bad a/c and dirty carpet?  The one with the barely functioning electrical outlets and tiny, almost useless, kitchen?  Well if you ever want to relive that experience, stay at Shadyside Inn Suites!I spent six years of my medical training in Pittsburgh and found myself with a few days off last month.  Why not take my wife and young son back to my old stomping grounds in Oakland and Shadyside?  We've found that when traveling with a young child, staying at suite-type hotels (with at least some sort of kitchen facilities and a separate bedroom) is very useful.  The most convenient suite-type hotel to Shadyside is the Shadyside Inn Suites.  Unfortunately, since this business has a virtual monopoly on the area, it must believe it can put its clients up in deplorable, nearly unsafe conditions. These comments are based on our experience with the building on S. Negley Ave.  I believe there are at least two other buildings the hotel maintains as well as "Mansion Suites" which are reserved for VIP's or people staying for very long periods.General Complaints:1.  Exposed electrical and cable wiring (see pics).  We tried to spend as little time as possible in the room because I didn't want our 19 month old to inadvertently touch exposed wires.2.  Dirt.  Everywhere.  When we were getting ready to leave, I did a quick last run through the room to make sure we weren't leaving any of my sons toys behind.  I made the mistake of peeking underneath the couch.  Yuck.  Food remnants, dirt and debris from who knows how long under there.  Disgusting.3.  General poor maintenance of the building and its parking lot (see pics.)4.  The furniture in the rooms looks like it has been there for at least 15 years.  Our dining table was strikingly similar to the one I had in college.5.  No dishwashers.  Not unexpected given the age of the building.  But if you're not going to give your guests a dishwasher, at least give us sponges so we can wash our own.6.  When you check in, the hotel bills your credit card for the entire length of the stay ahead of time rather than vice versa (completely the opposite of every other hotel in this country.)  Keep this in mind if you want to leave early after seeing the condition of your room.7.  Three separate keys are required to get into the building and your room.  Again, completely out of date and not particularly secure.Also, the vaunted customer service that they crow about on their website must be limited to special guests and celebrities. 1.  When we asked for an extra blanket to be delivered to our room, we waited for over an hour with no response.  Ultimately, we had to drive back to the main office and retrieve the blanket ourselves.2.   The remote to the DVD/VCR combo had no batteries in it.  I had to get the AA batteries from the main office (I didn't even bother to attempt to ask them to be delivered to our room) and had to wait while the office staff repeatedly found AAA batteries for me.  I was told the AAA batteries fit the flat screen TV remotes in the rooms.  I had to calmly explain that we did NOT have a flat screen TV in our room, rather we had a non HD CRT TV that was at least 10 years old. 3.  Daily cleaning of the room costs EXTRA.  Be sure to read the fine print.Perhaps some of its other buildings are more modern and in better condition.  Perhaps we had the worst unit in the entire complex... but I doubt it.Unless you absolutely have to be within walking distance to a business, client or family in Shadyside do yourself a favor and find a more modern, cleaner, safer and better hotel.  Shadyside Inn Suites should be ashamed of itself for the condition of its facilities.(6/11/10) UPDATE... Shadyside Inn refunded the charges from our stay.  They report they are adding staff and upgrading their facilities.
1	Update... Shadyside Inn refunded the charges from our stay.  They report they are adding staff and upgrading their facilities.In response to the manager's comments:  As I noted above, they refunded our stay.  The TV cabling is exposed... perhaps not as dangerous as exposed electrical wire, but not something to be particularly proud of if you consider yourself to be a business built on customer service and the impression of luxury. The "ongoing" repairs in the hallways were not touched during our (middle of the week) stay, so one must wonder about the urgency of those repairs.   The building we stayed in was not full.  Why did they put my family in the oldest, most dilapidated room? As far as moving to a different room, any one who has traveled with children would know how difficult  it is to move from one hotel (or hotel room) to another.  We arrived after a 3+ hour drive at 5pm in the middle of a thunderstorm with a very tired and cranky toddler.  Given the relative level of competence at the front desk at the time of check in, we weren't confident that any room we would be moved to would be any better.I stand behind my review.  If I could give the place zero stars, I would.
2	Great location but low on amenities.  HVAC system is ancient and the noise factor on Fifth Avenue is problematic. The price is nice but that's all I can say about the positive.
2	Our two-night stay at the Shadyside Inn involved three suites and was like a god damn roller coaster ride.First of all, it's a bizarre concept with a bizarre aesthetic. Our suite was essentially a small apartment in a decrepit, tacky building across the street from the main facility. After somehow making it up the steepest driveway of all time, and somehow stumbling across our rooms in the completely unmarked hallways, we actually found that they were quite nice looking.  Felt very much like college dorm rooms - but they were serviceable and clean.Too clean - it turns out. After we had barely settled in, my cousin came running into our room screaming like a banshee holding out hands covered in soap. "IT'S NOT COMING OFF! IT WON'T COME OFF!" Turns out every single piece of brown furniture in all of our suites was covered with furniture polish that stained our clothes and stuck on our hands.We called the office, and were put on hold for ten minutes.  Finally went over across the street, and the staff ended up being very gracious. Apologized profusely, offered to pay to have our clothes cleaned, and removed the guilty furniture from our rooms. Everyone received an apology letter explaining the oversight. We received special attention as the first guests to fall prey to this cruel trick, and received a handwritten apology from the management and two bottles of cheap merlot.Everything else went smoothly until check-out day. We were heading to a college graduation ceremony and intended to drive, but were forced to walk due to the Pittsburgh Marathon route.  When we called the office to ask if it were okay for us to leave our luggage in our rooms until slightly after check out time (HALF AN HOUR ONLY), they flat out refused to allow it.After shit-fits were thrown and our varnish-debacle resurrected, they allowed us to leave our cars in the lot with the luggage in the trunks, which they initially tried to refuse permission for us to do.Needless to say, we did not leave happy campers.
4	LOVE it. We travel through Pittsburgh at least twice every year and have stayed at MANY hotels in the area, from 2-4 stars. The Shadyside Inn has now become our #1 choice in Pittsburgh...for the following reasons:1. Location - we like to go out and eat/drink in Shadyside because it's cute, safe and full of good-looking folks.2. Price is great value considering the high rent of the area and proximity to Shadyside shopping and colleges.3. Generous size of rooms and cleanliness... enough said.HIGHLY recommended.Minus one star for old plumbing and air systems,but they aren't inconvenient or unpleasant at all, just 'full of character'.
2	It's with some regret that I rank the Shadyside Inn Suites so low. We were there for just one night, and overall the accommodations appear quite pleasant. For starters, we arrived at the office to check in and the gentleman in the office was on the phone. Although we stood there for at least five minutes while he finished, he never made any attempt to look at us, or indicate that he would be with us as soon as possible. As we waited, several other staff people passed us in the office, and never acknowledged our presence. When he finally got off the phone, he was very pleasant, but never even acknowledged the fact that we had been standing there waiting.  Even though it was almost 1p, we were told that our room was not yet ready, and that it might not be available until 4p, which was the "guaranteed check in time."  I indicated that we had been on the road for hours and we had an important function that evening, before which we really had hoped to catch a short nap. I asked if he could please get us a clean room as soon as possible, and he said that he could call us when the room was ready. To their credit, they did call us within about 90 minutes.Our room was essentially a small studio apartment, with a bedroom/sitting room, kitchenette and bathroom.  When we entered we were practically assaulted by an overwhelmingly strong smell of some sort of floor or room cleaner - perhaps an artificial lavender scent - so strong it was like walking into a Bath & Body Works.  Almost immediately my partner developed a bad head ache and we had to leave the door open for about 20 minutes to air it out.  Though the scent diminished a little, it remained strong for the duration of our stay.The furniture was modern and the room well laid out.  It included an open wifi network, a rather large flat-screen tv connected to basic cable, a queen sized bed, a large arm chair, and a dining table with chairs. There were a few tacky prints on the walls that appeared to have been designed by some Thomas Kinkaide wannabe. As it was January, it was rather cold out, and so we sought to turn up the heat, which was provided via an old radiated steam heat system in the bedroom/sitting area.  There was no wall thermostat, so we had to fiddle around with the knob at the base of the radiator, but as anyone who is familiar with those older steam systems, they're touchy and hard to control. There was also a radiator unit in the bathroom, but it didn't work, which meant it was rather chilly when you stepped out of the shower. The entire evening we found ourselves trying to adjust the heat in the main room, and often opening the window just a crack, to compensate for excess heat, or closing it to allow the heat to build up again. It was bad enough that neither of us got a good night's sleep, because we found ourselves either sweating or shivering, and the temperature never evened out.I had some work to do while we were there, so after dinner, I sat down to use my computer and the wireless network, but at about 10P, the network shut down, and didn't come back.  I called the main office, only to get a voicemail saying that they were closed; there was an emergency number, but I didn't feel that I wanted to go to that trouble.  I kept checking periodically, but the wifi didn't come back that night.  In fact it wasn't on the next morning when I woke at about 7A.  I called the office again, but the same voicemail was still on, and still again at 7:30A and at 8A.  Finally after I got out of the shower at about 8:30A, the wifi was back.The final straw occurred as we were leaving. There was no elevator in the old building, so we had to use the stairwell. Apparently someone had mopped the stairs, but good, shortly before we left our room, and they were slippery and wet, but we were not aware of this, as there was not "Caution Wet Floor" sign, and the stairwell was not illuminated enough to be able to see quite how wet the floor was.  As a result, on the very first step down, my foot slid out from under me, and I landed hard on my backside. Fortunately I wasn't hurt, though I did spend several days with soreness afterward. When I stood up, I realized that the floor had been so wet that in the 2 seconds I was on the floor, my jeans were soaked through to my undies.When we got to the office to check out, the same gentleman who checked us in was attending the desk.  He asked how our stay was, and I limited my comments to my recent fall.  He apologized perfunctorily and made a note, but said nothing else.As I said in the beginning, I am sorry to give this low rating, because the place looks like it could be darling. In fact, when we were checking in, we saw they had received an award in 2009 for being Piuttsburgh's "Most Romantic Getaway" spot from the local independent rag.  Nevertheless we experienced too many frustration, and we will not go back if we find ourselves in the Steel City, nor are we comfortable recommending it to anyone else.
5	My husband and I went to visit my nephew at Carnegie Mellon.  It was our first time in Pittsburgh, so we wanted something close to him.  The Shadyside Inn was PERFECT for our stay.  We are very, very, well traveled, and are extremely selective about where we stay.  I can say without a shadow of a doubt that we will be staying here again the next time we come back.  In fact we tried, but the dates we wanted were completely sold out :-(The location is perfect, and only a 5 minute walk from the shops and restaurants on Walnut Street.  You don't even need a car.  The Inn is a series of nicely renovated apartment buildings, so they are all equipped with well-stocked kitchens (my husband is a chef so he was very impressed by that).  The front desk person was sweet and friendly.  Not only did he check us in immediately, he gave us a "breakfast bag" full of muffins, juices, and granola bars!  Then he told us that he upgraded us to a suite, even tho we only booked a studio.   Well, when we got into our room, not only was it a suite, but it was a 2 BR suite!  I couldn't believe it.  It was bigger than our apartment back home.  Right then and there I wished we were staying longer - like a month!The suite had a giant flat screen TV, a big dining area, with room service menu, free wi-fi, and super comfy furniture.  The bed was to die for.  The only thing that didn't go was the older, un-renovated bathroom tiles & fixtures, but it really didn't bother us at all, because the shower water pressure was great.  There is ample parking out back, and the service people out taking care of the gardens and rooms were friendly and courteous.When we checked out, they were renovating the main office, so it's nice to see that they are constantly striving to update and improve.  Checkout took less than 30 seconds.  I handed her my key, and they told me they would email me a copy of my bill, since I used my credit card to book.  Everything went so smoothly, and the staff was so wonderful.  We LOVED our stay here and would come back in a heartbeat!
4	*ripped off from my own tripadvisor review*When I was searching for hotels in Pittsburgh, I was dumbfounded at the high prices and extra fees ($20 for parking? in Pittsburgh??). I knew we wanted to stay in a "real" neighborhood, and most of the new hotels are plopped down among concrete structures and shopping malls... and they're $$$! The Shadyside Inn is a few blocks from Walnut Street, a quaint, upscale block with shopping and restaurants. I wasn't necessarily looking for an all-suites hotel but the added benefits of a full kitchen and free laundry services definitely didn't hurt. And as a bonus, free parking. Sold.We called to make sure our room wasn't on the ground floor, and we were assured it wasn't. But when we arrived, all the windows faced the parking lot at the back of the building. We were also a little disappointed at the finishes... it all seemed cheaply renovated and kind of unfinished (the hallways were totally torn up and the apartment didn't quite seem done). We called to try to get another room and were upgraded to a 2-bedroom in the main building. It definitely wasn't super high-end, but this unit seemed at least finished. The hallways and apartment were simple and clean, and we really appreciated some of the antique touches, like the exhaust fans in the kitchen and bathroom.From here on out, everything was great. We loved staying in Shadyside, and having space to spread out. Considering all the other hotels I looked at, this has to be one of the best values in pgh.Overall, it was a 3 star experience, but I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt that they're still under construction and they'll work out some of the kinks. So when you book, try to get a room in one of the four main buildings... at least for the next few months.
3	If you are like me, you are probably dumbfounded by all the high hotel prices and extra fees in Pittsburgh. After all, this is Pittsburgh and not NYC or DC.In terms of value, Shadyside Inn Suites hits the spot. This place would be great for families needing housing for graduation weekend because of the spaciousness and convenience. You can tell that the staff cares about your stay. You get a breakfast goodie bag, a check up call and the like. But why the 3 stars?I stayed at the unit on Negley and the building is faulty by design. The walls were thin that I could hear people walking around and talking. The furniture and TV was outdated (the TV turned on by itself at night).The staff is 4 star, but the suite was a glorified college dorm suite.
5	When you first drive up to Shadyside you don't expect much, but we were very much happy with what we got.  The parking lot does have a steep driveway but not too bad.  We went to the lobby and we were met by two ladies who immediately offer us water and cookies. Before leaving the lobby we were given a bag for a Sunday breakfast.  In the bag, bottle of orange juice, apple juice, two small muffins, two granola bars and mints.  The room we were put in look like a small  apartment.  Living room/dinning area and kitchen.  It also had two separate bedrooms, one was a single and the other was full.  This place was very clean and comfortable.This is my second time in Pittsburgh, the first time we stayed in a hotel, we had to pay for parking, go to an elevator to take us up to the lobby and take another elevator to get to our room and had to pay for WI-Fi.  I would recommend Shadyside and would love to stay there again and again.
2	Oh Shadyside Inn and suites I wanted to love you I really did, but the longer my stay got the more I just couldn't so its with a little regret that I write this review.Pro's: good space for the price, and free parking. Seems like an oversight but when hunting for a middle priced hotel in pittsburgh, you would have thought by price range of the larger chains pittsburgh suddenly morphed into Paris. Major chain hotels  near downtown are ridiculouly priced and mostly all cheaper hotels are out the way for dirving purposes. Also most hotels offer no free parking, Shadyside suites did.Price seems great, but for one thing the comfort level... see further in review,Fairly clean, and renovated, cheap renovations but acceptable for the price of the hotel.No issues with service or housekeeping.Nice large space in room for the price, cable tv, and fully stocked kitchen.Great Location close to downtown, oakland and the east end.Cons:Noisy, they cannot help this but the cars whizzing by on fifth ave will not allow you to sleep well in the living room. I mean you cannot even watch television there in the middle of the day well due to car noise either. The bedroom however seemed to dull car noise a little better.Parking lot is a bit cramped can be hard to get in and out of depending on how others park. Hot water, not much of it low water pressure as well. Ok now the deal breaker the mattress: Ours was a Serta 99Z i checked because i felt along the ouside and I could feel the springs nearly poking out the side of it. Because after hurting out backs I suspected the thing had not been manufactored in this decade or possibly last decade and I was right. Have you heard of a Serta 99z? no me either so I dubbed it the 0 z and moved on, they had placed a memory foam pillow on top of it, which didn't help matters and when we complained it was too soft. We were told oh if you take the memory foam thing off that makes it less soft, and we could have asked for that. Sorry genius at the dront desk but that wont help matters. I understand hotels cannot always know your preferance of mattress firmness but they can provide sleep number mattresses, or newer mattresses. I thought at first maybe this hotel had not been in business that long, that was why they were you using a 25 yr old mattress. Then I saw the yelp reviews and see that they have been there a few years.
4	I was in town for several days for work.  I had a trade show to attend in Monroeville, and customers to see on the North side and south of the city.  I chose this place because it is within walking distance to great restaurants and several yoga studios.  And I hate staying in big cookie cutter type hotels.  Oh, and the parking is free.  I loved this place.  I was in a 2 bedroom suite with a small kitchen.  You get the feeling of living in Shadyside, not just staying at a hotel.  The entire unit was immaculately clean.  The furniture was contemporary and tasteful (looked like Restoration Hardware).  As many reviews noted, it was a bit noisy, but I expected that being on Fifth Avenue.  I always bring earplugs, so it wasn't a big deal. I parked my car at the end of my day, walked to a local yoga studio, had nice dinners and felt very comfortable. My only complaint is that the wi-fi was awfully slow.  I used my phone as a hotspot so I could log into my work computer.I would absolutely recommend this place and would stay here again.
2	Overall a decent yet confusing experience...Pros: it's like living in an apt. because it's spacious and has a kitchen and laundry room downstairs. There's even free laundry soap available in the laundry room. It's located next to a lot of restaurants and shops. Some of the staff has been friendly in providing things, including shuttle rides.Cons: Extremely inconsistent room cleaning service! If you're staying for an extended period of time, they only clean your room once a week on an assigned day. The problem is, they don't show on the assigned day to clean. My roommate and I have ended up calling the office, sometimes twice before it's cleaned. Also, someone in our  building had $1,900 stolen out of her drawer, and the management told her not to call the cops. They ended up cutting her check, but not before a lot of stern talk. I wouldn't stay here again...if you do, make sure that you use the safe provided in the room, and expect to do a lot of the maid services yourself.
5	Once a year for the past 10+ years we've been staying here.  You canNOT beat the location.  You can walk to shops and restaurants and the area is safe.  The staff has always been above average.  A few years ago the rooms were rundown but since they have renovated and the rooms couldn't be better.  A hotel doesn't give you that much room - you literally have your our own apartment.  I was there last week because a family member died.  We were having relatives visit us at Shadyside Inn and the staff went out of their way to deliver chairs to our rooms.  Our rooms were cleaned every day and there are very few places that allow dogs - and they do!  Their prices are reasonable and I wouldn't stay anywhere else while in PA.  Thank you Shadyside!
5	We got a great price from expedia, similar to hotels in the area but here you get a great apartment style place with full kitchen, living room and two bedrooms (great for kids).  Fresh cookies and bottled water on check in and a small breakfast bag for the morning. Parking is tight but within walking distance of some decent restaurants and shops. Well recommended.
4	I stayed in a suite for 2 nights recently.  The staff were helpful and friendly.  Free shuttle anywhere within 3 miles is a plus, the bed was comfy, and the bag of snacks came in handy.
4	I stayed at Shadyside Inn while visiting CMU.  For the price I thought I'd be getting a typical hotel room.  Imagine my surprise at having an entire apartment to myself.  This was more space than a typical San Francisco apartment and it was cheaper too!  Friendly staff, free bottled water, never ending true crime shows on the cable TV.  A solid hotel.
4	I stayed at the Shadyside Inn around Thanksgiving simply because it was the cheapest hotel in walking distance to where I was supposed to be meeting a friend for breakfast (Ritter's) as I was passing through. I have never been so happy in a hotel that wasn't Disney. The amount of space in these apartment style rooms is fantastic and it's the first time I can honestly say that the rooms look exactly like the pictures on the company's website. The staff was friendly and helpful and even were nice enough to trust me to give back one of their extra keys to my room after I had already checked out because I had forgotten my snow boots in the closet. I honestly loved the style of the room it was a blend of classic (with radiators for heat and the bathroom finishes) and modern (in the decor) and I still want to move into that apartment.
1	I'm granting one star because there's no way to give none.As I write this, the door to my room is open, and two burly gentlemen are drilling and hammering and drilling and hammering--I just checked, and it's going to go on all day. Evidently, the inn is installing a new lock system, and for some reason it was impossible to wait until I checked out later today. Counting on solitude and quiet, I'd brought work to do, but it's now utterly impossible to concentrate. I stayed here once before and loved it, but this lack of concern and respect sets a a new low.
1	We stayed at the Shadyside Inn for months and spent thousands of dollars. I really wanted to write a good review, but the experience was disappointing. The quality of service from the staff was inconsistent. Some of them were nice and helpful while others were snarky and rude. When we provided feedback to the manager (Carol S.), she was extremely disrespectful. She was not receptive to customer feedback at all, and her response was very unprofessional, to say the least. We also experienced no water or gas on short notice (in the middle of winter) and slippery lobby floors with no warning signs (*we had one bad fall).  And the elevator did not work at times.We will not stay at this hotel again.
4	Shadyside is a quaint neighborhood outside of Pittsburgh & the Inn and Suites are a nice alternative to big hotels downtown. The mansion suites are fun with two bedrooms, 1.5 bathrooms, a full kitchen and a balcony. The units are well appointed and decor is modern. Front desk staff is inexperienced but friendly. Dinner & B'fast spots are within walking distance.
4	Shadyside Inn exceeded my expectations in most ways. I received a free upgrade to a very large two bedroom balcony suite upon check-in. The room was clean (although I'm not sure I would have cooked in the kitchen without rewashing the dishes) and came with a living room, dining room, adjustable thermostat, etc. You also receive a cute welcome gift when you arrive (mostly junk food). Just be warned that these are converted apartments and not upscale, marble shower hotel rooms.On the downside, the walls/floors seemed pretty thin. I could hear when my upstairs "neighbor" flushed the toilet in the night. And I personally prefer when the hotel concierge is able to call a car service for you (there's only a local hotel shuttle).  Note: "Shadyside" sounds sketchy but is actually quite cute and felt safe. It was like the Park Slope of Pittsburgh. There's a street of shops within walking distance and some restaurants with good happy hours.
4	We stayed here for 7 nights, so I have  good idea of the pros and cons.  Pros: great neighborhood, with lots of restaurants, shopping;  clean rooms, helpful staff.  For example, I called because the bottle opener and can opener didn't work and they send a man with brand new ones still in original packaging.  Cons:  They neglected to clean our room for TWO DAYS despite several phone calls.  Cleaning staff leaves at 4 pm, BTW.  I must say they sent cookies, chocolate and new linen in the interim, but it was not the same as a clean room.  Cell service was terrible in the building--I had to actually walk outside to complete any calls.  They have a main facility and satellite buildings.  My advice is to stay in the main building.  We were at one of the other ones and had a tiny lobby, no access to staff or shuttle service, etc.  I gave it 4 stars because problems were solved and the neighborhood was so great.
2	Nothing special about this place. Great location but the facilities are a little tired.
4	We loved our stay there and the Experience of staying at your suites. It was homey comfortable and the staff was awesome. I only wish the housekeeping service would not arrive at 8:30 in the morning, but I understand they have a job to do. Thank you for your hospitality. It was lovely.
5	This place is awesome. Immaculately clean, lots of natural light in every room of the enormous suites, modern decor, great location, and amazing customer service. You really feel like you are at home. Such a wonderful experience. I will definitely be a returning guest.
