4	The first time I took my car here about a year ago I was standing around waiting to get a smog check and I struck up a conversation with this older guy and he was going on and on about how these guys were good and that he'd been taking his cars here for years, etc  etc.... Me being the skeptic that I am decided to see for myself and I can honestly say that since then I've taken my car here for clutch work, power steering work, smog checks, oil changes and have never been unhappy with the results. They do good work and are honest and up front about what you need done.
5	Found this place on Yelp... great job! I hadto get a smog check on my 2 vehicles. Called ahead and got a 7.99 price for one. That is cheaper than a small pizza... To good to be true? I was willing to wager... we went over there with both vehicles. Odd, but it is located right next to another similar garage. This place was busier. They also had oil change for 9.99. All together, 2 cars; 2 smog checks + oil changes=34.40!!!! Yes, and on top of it, they had it done in less than 40 minutes. Incredible service; mechanic noticed an oil leak. I knew of it. He mentioned it and told me what the cause was. Didnt try to push me into expensive service. 100% recommend spot.
1	How has anyone rated this business anything higher than a single star?!?  I've got no less than 3 friends that have horror stories about getting ripped off by these guys.  I myself got ripped off when I got my brakes fixed and a thermostat replaced.  When I drove off, it was no less than twenty minutes when my air conditioner totally stopped blowing cold air.  Gee, what a coincidence.  When I called them to complain, they said that there's no way it was their fault, but if I brought the car in they'd give me an estimate on how much it would cost to fix it.  Horseshit.  Obviously I didn't let them anywhere near my car again.  Turns out my brakes went out 2 months after that.  I took it to another mechanic and he showed me first-hand how Purr-fect Auto did my brakes totally wrong,  Used the wrong size screws, and stuff like that.  Because of their incompetence, my brake pads only lasted two months...ridiculous.BEWARE!!!
1	I took my 1999 Jaguar to this place after it failed a smog inspection due to  a check engine light. They were on a list of state certified repair places and they had done work for me before. Apparently the cat on the hood spelled dollar signs to them. After allegedly checking out the car (in reality they only read the error codes on the smog check) they said it needed more than $3,000 worth of repairs, and the mechanic told me "This car will not pass inspection without these repairs." Purrfect claimed that the car needed a new variable valve timing actuator, a new mass airflow sensor and several other parts (I have no idea how they could tell all this just from checking the error codes, but I digress). I was suspicious, because if the valve timing was off the car should be running rough, using more fuel than usual or both. Neither was happening. I went to a Jaguar message board which includes 4-5 factory trained mechanics, and they told me that there was "virtually no chance" the car needed the recommended repairs, and that the diagnosis "doesn't make sense given the error codes returned." Following their recommendations I got my car through smog inspection and back on the road after about 20 minutes of simple repairs I did myself in the driveway. I spent $30 on an OBD II code reader to check the codes and clear them, and $6.50 for a can of MAF sensor cleaner (which fixed the problem).I wrote a letter to the general manager to complain about their blatant attempt to rip me off. I got no reply - other than a form letter about a month later offering me a 20 percent discount on the unnecessary repairs they recommended.
1	They suck!! Go for a smog they tell me there's 6 people ahead of me and it will be an hour and a half wait. That's way too long when a smog is only about 3 minutes.
1	HORRIBLE SERVICE!!!!!!!! While these people may be polite you might as well just literally light your money on fire if you pay them to repair your car. After nine return visits for our AC unit they told us they couldn't fix it, we should take it to another of their locations and that they would not be reimbursing us for the job they were unable to complete. If you need more reason to avoid these service shops here you go: the Better Business Bureau gives them a big fat "F" due to their monthly service complaints from other unsatisfied customers and recently this business had to pay out a hefty amount to other furious former customers for a class action lawsuit they lost due to shoty work in California too (it's been all over channel 13 news reports lately and a few locations have been shut down).
5	So I haven't been here for a while. Was being lazy changing oil today. So came here I know it's cheap & they do a good job. The last time I was here was about 6-8 months ago it seems to be cheaper. But things have changed for the good. Right when you walk in you see everything and the desk. The service was pretty fast. There was 3 people in front of me. I gave him my name & car info and within 3 mins they took my car back to change the oil. While I was waiting I took some pictures & posted hehee. No more then 15 mins. So I was pretty happy. The new management is pretty good, the place looks nicer, service is a whole lot faster, and they desk guy is very nice & friendly. I went in around 4ish
1	*THIS PLACE IS HORRIBLE*I took my car here for a starter replacement. They overcharged by me $200, and they lied to me about the battery to make an extra $100.00. My boyfriend had been taking his truck here for an oil change. The last time he went, they put his truck up on the lift, kept telling him he needed a new water pipe. He kept telling him no, and the guy just kept trying to sell him. When he left, he noticed they didn't top off his fluids and his oil light was still on. He took it right back and they topped his fluids. He asked if they even changed his oil...and apparently they didn't. He took it somewhere else and they told him it looks like it hasn't been changed in over 10,000 miles. Each time he's taken his truck here, they always try to sell him on everything that is unnecessary and tell him it's way worse than what it really is or it's something that doesn't even need to be fixed. I refuse to refer anyone to such a dishonest business. Honestly, how many people really know enough about cars to call them out? If you go here or you're thinking about getting work done here, PLEASE take your car somewhere else to get a second opinion. They do not deserve your business or anyone else's. They're looking to make a quick buck by lying and taking advantage of innocent people.
1	My girlfriend took her car here because it was over heating. They told her the fan assembly was bad and it was $600 just for the part. When I said I'd find the part myself they said it will be the same price anywhere because they didnt mark it up from their cost. Okay. So, I called an after market parts retailer myself and got the part for $90. So we got the part and took it back to them to install it(only because they said they'd deduct the $50 diag cost from the labor). So they installed it, we left. Glad to have that over. But it wasn't. Her car was STILL over heating. We had it looked at by someone else and turns out they didnt hook up the fan right at all. Incompetent rip offs. DO NOT GIVE THEM YOUR BUSINESS
4	I don't know why these reviews are so bad. I've taken my vehicle here a few times now. The worst experience I've had was they incorrectly installed an oil plug after an oil change once, but took care of the problem when I brought my car back. I've had a bunch of work done there on 2 different vehicles in addition to the usual oil changes and smog checks. They always work with me on the price. Their prices are fair. They show me what's wrong with my vehicle instead of just telling me what's wrong.By the way, you're crazy if you take your car anywhere else for oil changes and smog checks. Seriously. Can't even come close to their prices. Under $25 for BOTH!
5	They were very professional and humorous I was in and out. All the things I like. I recommend them to anyone here in Las Vegas.
5	This was probably the fast oil change I've ever had. As soon as I walked in they took all my info and took the car back. The receptionist was very friendly and helpful. I wasn't too sure where a filter in my car was and she came outside to show me where it is.
1	My experience at this Purrfect Auto Service Location was HORRIBLE.Joel was trying to up sell me and wouldn't even give my family who I had him speak to over the phone who is a certified mechanic for a dealership in CA. I went in wanting a self draining plug and all kept talking about was how that wasn't a good idea and that I should replace the oil pan which was 3 times the amount of the service I wanted or more in cost. He stated he wanted me to purchase an oil pan because in the future it would be the best purchase for his shop and for my vehicle. Why, would it be the better purchase for his shop? I can come up with many answers to that question. His shop shouldn't even be relevant to my car and the service I want. After he spoke with my cousin and I spoke with my cousin to get his opinion on this situation I decided to tell Joel that if they can't do the service I'm requesting that is fine I will take the car elsewhere and thank you for their time. Joel stated they can try and I told him either they can do the job or they can't. He ended up switching up his response and stated they can do the job and that it was going to cost a very expensive amount that I know was not normal. Another voice from behind the desk stated tell her I can do it for a smaller amount. I was already walking out to get my car and Raul ran out to talk to me. Raul is the person who stated they can do it for a smaller amount. He showed me the self draining kit and stated he has prior experience as a mechanic from Inglewood California and wanted to assure me that he would get the job done as if my car was getting serviced by the dealer and that the smaller amount I was being quoted would be a flat fee with no taxes. I agreed to get the service done. As the service was being done by Raul... Joel decides to share some info about my car to me. He stated that my car needs the water pump replaced but that he was sure I wouldn't get the service done since I wasn't even going to replace the oil pan. His comments and way of service lack customer service 100%. He is a HORRIBLE person at what he does. You don't talk to customers in the tone he did and lie to them.The job Joel was telling me I needed would cost me $1,200.He stated that I would need a new water pump.That water pump my car needs ranges from $50 to $75 for my car.He also stated since they would be changing the water pump they would suggest and need to replace the chain and tension... umm Joel it's called a tensioner.The chain and tensioner don't need to be replaced they just wanted to upsell everything they could. The following day I had another mechanic check out my car and he showed me what was wrong. A gasket needs to be replaced which would be way less than $20 to purchase. The mechanic also showed me how he could tell it was the gasket that was needing replacement and not even at this very moment since the car was running fine and showed no signs of overheating. I than called my cousin and let him know what this new mechanic was telling me and agreed with everything I was taught. It sounds to me that all this person Joel wants to do is rob people in every which way he can in the most expensive way possible even if the car doesn't need the work. If I ever return to this location it would only be to get my oil done by the person who did the job of the self tapping drain... Raul. Raul was a nice fella I have nothing to say about this fella even though he may be on the same page as Joel but I wasn't really allowed to talk to him alone without Joel interrupting.I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO ANYBODY ESPECIALLY IF YOUR TOLD YOU NEED OTHER WORK DONE ON YOUR CAR THAT ISN'T AN OIL CHANGE. JOEL IS HORRIBLE!!! I even heard him talking down to a customer while I was seating in the small dirty lobby.my receipt shows an address of 7065 W ANN RD #130-533LAS VEGAS, NV 89130And the other receipt it's attached to shows an address of 7131 W CRAIG RDLAS VEGAS, NV 89129... I'm thinking the Craig address is the correct address... this Purrfect is in the Albertson's shopping center. I will be posting this on both Purrfect locations just in case their is some kind of connection.
5	I came here to get my brakes changed out. They came in at a fair price and did a good job. Unfortunately, there was an a problem with one of the rotors. When I called the shop, they told me to bring the car back. They did a tho
1	DO NOT GO HERE, my car never had any major mechanical issues before I took it to Purrfect Auto and I've had problems ever since!!!  In addition to all of the mechanical problems (originally came in for an intake manifold gasket and ended up with a replaced engine along with two failed water pumps), they stole money from my car and rolled back my odometer 30k miles (I suspect to cover up the fact that they loaned out my car being that I left it there over a long 3 week trip).  Here are the details:On 28 Oct 2011 I took my car in for an intake manifold gasket replacement. After dropping the car off, the mechanic recommended that all of the hoses, water pump, thermostat, and serpentine belt be replaced as well.  I agreed to all of those repairs.  I drove the vehicle for approximately 1.5 months and went on vacation for several weeks.After returning from vacation, I drove the vehicle for several days when my car overheated in standstill traffic on 7 Jan 2012.  The low coolant light came on, followed by the temperature guage rising, and finally a red light near the temperature guage illuminated. By the time I was able to exit traffic via an off ramp the car sounded like bearings were being thrown around in the engine and the car last power.  I had it towed back to Purrfect Auto and on 9 Jan 2012 they determined that the engine had lost compression and needed replaced.  When queried as to why it overheated; the owner, Cindy, told me that the thermostat had gone bad even though it had just been replaced (additionally, the mechanic later told me that the coolant reservoir had a leak...leads one to question the truth).  Cindy told me that if I agreed to the work that day then she would include a 3 year bumper to bumper warranty.  I reinforced that I'd only be willing to agree to the work under this condition because I did not want to invest any more money in the vehicle as I'd already be spending more than it was currently worth.  At this point, I was under the impression that this was an Purrfect Auto franchise warranty, though I was told that I needed to bring it to their shop if possible.  The job took 5 days and several trips into the garage only to find that the car wasn't done yet, though I was told 1 when I agreed to have it fixed.  After work completion, the mechanic documented the invoice with 3 year engine warranty. I had him change this to "3 year warranty on parts and labour bumper to bumper" to reflect the agreement that I was promised by Cindy.  At this point it was clear that this warrant was only good at their shop.  After the work was completed I had numerous small problems to include the cruise control cable not having been hooked up during the engine swap out and a clogged vacuum tube which made the car idle rough.  At the first sign of a major problem on 3 Apr 2012 ("service engine soon" light diagnosed as the catalytic converter), Cindy balked at standing by the warranty and claimed that the warranty she promised was only for the engine. She agreed to pay the labor if I paid for the parts (though this was not the terms of the original agreement).  The amount that was being charged for parts was well above what surrounding auto shops sell their parts for, but she claimed that they used OEM parts.  The fuel cap that they replaced at the same time was clearly not OEM!  After that my water pump went bad (remember that I had the water pump replaced on my initial visit and also had the engine swapped out after that).  The shop had reportedly been sold at that point and the new owner tried to claim that he wasn't responsible for honoring the warranty. After advising him that I had free legal counsel through the Air Force and threatening small claims court, he agreed to pay labor if I paid parts as had been done previously with the catalytic converter.  At this point he tried to rip me off on the cost of the part again and when I wouldn't budge he somehow managed to find a new part for 1/3 of the cost that he was originally going to charge.After this, I took my vehicle in because my engine was stalling immediately after starting it and because I had a "service engine soon" light.  I left it there for 3 weeks in late Feb/early Mar 2014 as I was going to be out of town for training.  When I picked up the car Cindy stated that it needed a new fuel cap (which they had not ordered) and that the fuel filter was replaced.  The service engine soon light was still on, the oil change sticker had been removed from the windshield, and the last three digits of the odometer read nearly what I had dropped it off with.  The interesting part was that the thousands of miles were 30k less than previous (one can presume that my car was being used during that timeframe and they tried to cover this up).  Toll road change was also stolen from my car.  My car just overheated again on 3 Jun 2014 and an independent garage found that the water pump is bad and Purrfect Auto had put StopLeak in my coolant system.
1	This place has tanked. They half fix something and mess up something else so you go back to them a few days later.  Avoid like the plague. Never again.
1	Took my wife's 2000 Chrysler LHS to the Valle Verde location for an oil change on September 9, 2014.  They told me the water pump was leaking and needed replaced, and would cost 727.00 with tax.  I agreed and they performed the repair on September 10th, 2014.  They showed me the damaged pump, told me they put in a chrysler water pump, and I was satisfied and drove the 1.8 miles back to my apartment.  The next day, my wife drove the 1.7 miles to a Discount Tire to have the tires rotated.  Before touching the tires, a Discount Tire employee came back into the shop, and asked my wife if she knew about the rather severe coolant leak that was leaking all over their shop floor.  She had to run the heater on full blast, in the 100+ degree heat, 7.5 months pregnant with our first child, to get the car safely back to our parking space, 1.7 miles away from Discount tire.  Concerned that there has never been a coolant leak in this car, EVER, I called the Purrfect guys, and they said bring the car back right away.  I was there within 10 minutes.  They put the car on the elevated rack, showed me the leak, and said it was simply from them adding too much coolant the previous day.  I said, ok, no big deal, thank you, and they supposedly corrected the mistake, and we drove away.  The next day, September 12th, we drove to Barstow from Henderson on the 15.  After pulling into the Shell station in Barstow to get gas, as soon as I turned the car off, about 1.5 quarts of coolant leaked out all over the ground at the gas pump.  We were on our way to San Diego for my wife's baby shower, to celebrate our first-born child due in November 2014.  We made it to my in-laws' house, with engine temperature running about 10 percent above normal, turned the car off, socialized for about 2 hours, went back to the car, and saw that there was absolutely no coolant in the reservoir.  I turned the car on, drove it about one mile, and the engine temperature was all the way up in the red part of the gauge.  I pulled over on the side of interstate 5, at midnight, with a 7.5 month pregnant wife with me, and had to have AAA town me to the nearest repair shop that my father-in-law has patronized for over 20 years.  After this happened, I have consulted three Chrysler dealerships, two other mechanics, and a second Purrfect location, and none of them have ever heard of this "too much coolant" problem, and they all say the same thing about the original Purrfect guys not knowing how to properly bleed this cooling system.  Depending on what the final verdict is from my father-in-law's guys, we will be taking the Valle Verde Purrfect store to small claims court, and obtaining sworn, notarized, affidavits from everyone that also saw the car, and advised me after the fact.  My father is a litigator and the second-biggest law firm in the world, and I will get justice.  I am also paying to run an ad in the Las Vegas Review Journal and contacting the Better Business Bureau.  I encourage everyone who has issues with them to file a lawsuit, since you can use small claims court if the total is $7500 or less, and you don't need an attorney for small claims, and it only costs a maximum of $146.00 to file.
1	I would never go to Purrfect Auto on Ann Rd again. We took our vehicle in and paid $1000 for the front brakes, timing chain cover gasket, front struts, and hubs.They had our car for 2 1/2 days then called us and said it was finished. When we picked it up they told us that we also needed the bushings changed in the front end. And that was another $500. Which we told them forget it. Well we didn't feel the the repairs we paid for had been completed. So we took our car to the dealership and had the mechanics go thru the repairs they said had been done. And they did confirm that not one repair had been done. Also the bushings were fine! I tried to contact the manager who I have been dealing with for almost 5 years taking multiple family members vehicles to for repairs. But she would not return my call or my text. I did get a call back from her husband with a story saying why they didn't do some of the repairs ( after saying it was finished) because of the bushings. So I went in on Monday morning with a witness, just in case and they just had excuse after excuse. I said all I want is my money back. We both know that you did not do any of the work and I don't trust you to do any of it now. They said that they would need to get a hold of their corporate in California.(Which they don't have a corporate office) but I did get all of my money back 2 days later. They gave me a money order for the full amount. But please be careful if you take your car in, you may come home with the same problem.
1	I wouldn't even give you a star but I had to. The most deceptive and dishonorable so called business I have ever seen. Taking money on services you never did after verifying with dealership you did nothing. Give me my money back!!! Channel 13 and 8 and everyone else is going to know what you did !!! Horrible!
1	This is the absolute worst place to ever get an type of service done on any vehicle. The managers asks the customers to go on Yelp to write a good review because previous clients have written bad ones. I went to get breaks serviced, was told they were giving me new brakes, roaters, and "adjusting and cleaning" my calipers. My car was making a very loud noise also grinding. Shop told me it was because of the brakes. Two weeks later I returned for the same noise, they say you need new calipers. How the hell didn't they know that when I went the first time. This place is full of the biggest frauds!! All they do is try to take your money, next time you return want more and more. They estimated my calipers to be 700 then say no it's 280. How do you switch prices that dramatically. The mechanic was the nicest of all explaining what needed to be done. But the women are just plan rude, never will I go there. I will also let everyone know, channel 8 , channel 13 you name it, I'm on it! Not even worth a star, I'd rather over pay at the dealership then go here.
