4	Bobbee O's is a small barbecue joint on the east side of Old Statesville Rd just north of WT Harris.  The interior's small (seats ~10) and plain, the food served on styrofoam plates with prepackaged plastic utensils, but the food itself is alright.They have "St Louis style" and baby back ribs, pulled pork, beef brisket, barbecue chicken, and various two-meat combinations.  You can get just the meat, or a dinner that also includes two sides and a couple slices of white bread.The pulled pork has a distinct vinegary flavor that was too strong for my taste.  I liked the ribs better, with a sweet sauce that finishes spicy.  The sides I've tried are better than average: the mac 'n cheese, collards and cabbage were all mighty good.  You can finish it off with a piece of one of the cakes homemade by the owner's wife.
5	Yummy BBQ.  I had dinner with my friends in charlotte at Bobbee O's and was pleasantly surprised wth the meal.  Its a no frills joint with a couple of tables (they do mostly takeouts and catering).  Food is good so can't really complain.Dinner combination of Pulled Pork and Beef Brisket was my choice.  Pulled Pork was tender and delicious.  Beef Brisket was the best that I ever tasted.  Cost = 10 bucks!  I would definitely come here again.
4	The beef brisket is the winner at Bobbee O's, I dunno how he does it but it is just way too good!  The pulled chicken is good but kinda spicy(at least for 3 year old).  I must say I wasn't always a fan of their Mac n cheese, but it has grown on me.  The cabbage and collards are good but I like my collards on the tender side.  The chocolate chip pound cake was a perfect ending to this meal.  This is one of my go to spots when I don't feel like cooking:-)
4	Great BBQ- unique sauce.  Above average Mac and Cheese.  Beans and BBQ sauce are Spicy, but if you like spicy things, you're in for a treat!Very nice staff.  Scary from the outside, but suck it up and go inside for some good food!
4	It's small and the actual restaurant isn't suited for really dining in but the food is incredible.  Walking through the door kind of feels like walking into a butcher shop to order a cut of meat.    They seem to specialize more in catering and take out.The pork is fantastic.  It's pulled very finely so if you are a fan of thicker BBQ you won't find it here.  The taste is very full and you can almost taste the care that is put into cooking it.  The sauce is my favorite part.  It's slightly spicy, something different that you don't usually find but it definitely brings everything together.  I compete in BBQ competitions and I recommend the way this is cooked.The Mac N' Cheese is way above average.  The chopped onions really add a new dimension to a simple dish of comfort food.  All in all, definitely check this place out, it's worth every minute of your time.
5	Agree with other positive posts.  Brisket is really amazing - not to be missed.  I am not usually a brisket lover.  Pork was pulled too finely for my preference but still very tasty.  Sauce was really good, especially on the brisket.  I had greens and baked beans.  The collards were my favorite of the two.
5	Best BBQ I have ever had. The brisket and baby back ribs are a new benchmark for me. The pulled pork was excellent too, but the bark and the flavor and the tenderness of that brisket was so incredibly good, I went back to the counter for seconds. The buns they use for the sandwiches are perfect too. Just enough to get to you mouth where the meat takes over. The sauce was perfect too. A little sweet,- little vinegary and re chile flakes for a bit of spice. Thick, sticky and delicious.  The mac'n'cheese was a bit mushy but the flavor was excellent. Baked beans were great too. Cooked perfectly and slightly sweet with green pepper that gave it an added flavor. I am so glad I stopped here. It was almost by accident too, but more like destiny.Oh and don't forget to get slice of that delicious chocolate cake. You'll thank me for reminding you.
5	Delicious, tender pulled pork sandwiches and mac & cheese exactly how I like it. Baked and with soul.
4	Followed yelpers advice and tried this place. Drove right past it, bad entryway and hard to find. The place was very clean and rating on wall was 99.0(always important to me).Owner waited on me and was very polite as didn't know what I wanted, this place has 2 small tables so plan on takeout.Ordered a pork sandwich and mac and cheese for wife, she loved the sandwich alot, thought the mac with onions in it didn't satisfy her cheesy need.], but at $4.99 including a drink was a bargain. I ordered the combo of pork and baby back ribs, got coleslaw with mine. Baby backs were too fatty, but I loved the pork and coleslaw was outstanding. The sauce they give you for the pork was very good, wished I had more.I'll go back and for sure get the pork and beef brisket combo next time at $8.99.People were ordering alot of the chicken, guessing it is good. Try the pork sandwich for sure!!!
5	Wonderful small bbq. Gotta try the pulled pork. Try without sauce then with it. The sauce makes a difference. The ribs are fall off the bone. Eat like a vacuum. Sides need work, but ur there for the bbq. Still 5 stars. Prices are very low for a lot of food.
5	We found Bobbee O's during a stop in Charlotte on our way from Ohio to South Carolina. The restaurant is an unassuming store front with a small, bright dining area fronting a massive kitchen, complete with black box smoker.  The three of us ordered:  two pulled pork dinners with sides and a pulled pork/brisket combo with sides.  Portions are massive, the meat selections filling half of a large styrofoam take-out box, the sides in their own containers, with buns (or bread) and a small container of sauce on the top.  The pork was tender and juicy with vinegar tang.  The sauce was rich and like the meat, had just a bit of kick.  The brisket was some of the best we had ever eaten, with a dark smoke edge and moist and well-seasoned  beef.  The mac and cheese was different and delightful.  Sweet onion added depth while a bit of heat came out at the end.  The coleslaw was sweet and chopped instead of shredded, and the collards were flavored wth the crispy pork ends.   We had trouble finishing off our meals, making us sad we were staying in a hotel where we couldn't wake up to leftovers for breakfast.  A side note on the service:  although the dining area is utilitarian with plastic tables and chairs, Bobbee and his kitchen staff made sure we had everything and checked in several times to make sure we were pleased with our meals.  You can bet that Bobbee O's will be on our list the next time we travel the I-75 corridor.  We've had "Q" all over the country, and this truly was some of the best we've licked off our fingers.
5	Thanks to the awesome team at Bobbee O's!!!  Your BBQ, mac & cheese, beans and collard greens are a must have for our parties and family events!  We have several VERY picky BBQ eaters in the family and we all LOVE your pulled pork and that delicious sauce.  We appreciate you all so much!  See you soon!
5	I love this place wow. I live not even two min away from here and have never tried it untill today what a mistake. The brisket was perfect a great smoky flavor with a nice char around the edges a great bark. The baked beans had real nice flavor. My wife got the pulled pork sandwich it was amazing as well nice tangy vinegar taste real nc style to it. Id give the brisket a 10 out of 10 though it was simply delicious and i will be eating here very often.
5	Best. Barbie. Q. Evarrrr.Got 1/2 lb brisket. It was so good, I finished it and ordered another 1/2 lb. The meat is so moist and tender. And the bbq sauce.... The bbq sauce is so good, I'd drink it. Yea....
5	Excellent baby backs. Everything homemade.
5	I live probably 2 miles from Bobbee O's and their pulled pork keeps me from needing to drive anywhere else for a great BBQ fix.We've been here many times and have tried most everything on the menu and haven't found anything I would not recommend.  My go-to meal is pulled pork with collard greens.  The small side of sauce you get is just right and good stuff.Don't expect any ambiance - it's an easily-missed hole in the wall with folding chairs and plastic tables, but is a destination I highly recommend.
4	Bypassed another BBQ spot to try this one. The reviews were "spot on". We happen to like vinegar based BBQ and this was delicious. The tiny bit of sauce served with the BBQ was OK , but sweet. I do wish they had offered a larger container of it on the tables.  Surprised about the Texas Toast, thought it was on the side - it was the sandwich. Parking out front indicates a one hour maximum - you won't have a problem getting in & out in that amount of time. We will be back!
4	I don't even like brisket, but that's what I would order next time. I had a dinner combo plate brisket and pulled pork, with collard greens and baked beans as my sides. The pork was good, top 5 in the area. The sides were good enough. I wish they gave some other type of bread rather than the hamburger bun and slice of bread. Maybe cornbread or Texas toast? Still worth coming out of our way for the brisket.
4	If you know anything about me, then you know that at my heart, I am a BBQ lover.  Not only do I love the actual food that North Carolinians refer to as BBQ - pulled pork. But I also love all of the other related foods, sides and drinks that are associated with most BBQ joints in and around North Carolina.  Before I get into the ins and outs of Bobbee O's, I would be remiss if I did not mention that in my opinion, most of the BBQ spots in and around Charlotte are OVERRATED.  You want some examples??  How about the dark, dingy and overpriced Old Hickory House, or maybe the hit or miss Lancaster's, the corporate Smoky Bones, or the always empty, nasty, mustard slaw that Bubba's BBQ on Sunset serves; just to name a few.  With that being said, I think Bobbee O's is one of the few UNDERRATED BBQ joints in the Charlotte area!If aesthetics and ambiance are important to you, then Bobbee O's is definitely not your spot.  Its one of those places that's somewhat difficult to find if you don't know where it is and parking can be tricky.  Once you get inside, you feel a bit underwhelmed by the decor of the place.  With that being said...the food is surprisingly better than you would expect. I ordered the half-rack of ribs, and upon getting back to my residence found them to be juicy, tender, and full of flavor.  They seemed to be coated with some sort of vinegar based sauce, which added a nice touch.   I also ordered a pulled pork sandwich, which was tasty, and perfectly complimented by red, vinegar-based slaw.      I was NOT impressed with the sides however.  The mac-n-cheese was good, not great.  The other side I ordered was collard greens.  The collards were just mediocre.  They did not taste as if they were cooked with much seasoning, and required salt and pepper to make them more agreeable to my tastes.I would like to go back and try some of the other meats offered on the menu such as the brisket which others have said is good.  I would approach the sides with caution however.  In fact, I might not order any sides at all if/when I go back.  Bobbee O's is def worth a try, I think you'll be more than pleasantly surprised.
4	I stopped in Bobbee O's last night, as it's been on my "things that I pass by every day on my commute to work, but I've never been to" list. First impressions----(I figured I was going to get my meal to-go anyway), but this place appears to be a heavy takeout type restaurant. There was no one inside, and the place had maybe one or two tables.... made no difference to me, but thought I'd point that out. With no prior knowledge of the menu, stepped up and ordered instinctively: pulled pork plate, baked beans, fries, ice tea....standard bbq fare. After taking my order, and filling my tea, I sat down next to "Bobbee O" to enjoy some of the evening news. Food came pretty quickly, and I was on my way. Let me agree with some of the prior reviews: the actual BBQ was great, the sides needed some work. It was a very generous portion of pulled pork, which was mildly sauced--and came with a small additional portion of a really delicious sweet style sauce (ITS ALL ABOUT DA SAUCE, says Bobbee O). The fries were really large, kind of like potato wedges, and the baked beans seemed canned--just infused with onion and green peppers....I'd like to see them add either Potato Salad or Brunswick Stew to their side items, and hopefully prepare them with as much care as they take the meat & sauce. I actually saved most of the pork, and created a pretty fantastic BBQ sandwich for lunch the next day. To me, BBQ joints are innately independent and homegrown, and I always try to visit spots like this whenever I can.
5	This place is 20 miles from my house, and I've made the roundtrip trek here many a times, and try to find other reasons to work near there often! Bobbee O's is a hole in the wall joint in a small strip small across the street from an industrial park. But don't let the location fool you, its the best kept secret in Charlotte! Bobbee O's is HANDS DOWN the best beef brisket I've ever had! Do yourself a favor and splurge for the extra dollar to have it on Texas Toast. Delish!One of the keys to their success is "Da Sauce" -- sweet and tangy, with a nice spice to it. It goes great on absolutely anything.... brisket, BBQ, pulled chicken, or just straight out of the cup!Why are you still reading this??? Just go see Bobbee O's for yourself! (And thank me later!)
5	This place has quickly become one of my favorite BBQ spots. Having just moved to Charlotte, I've explored a bunch of different places per yelp reviews and this is easily my favorite. Initially I was hesitant because it's in the middle of no where and once you walk in, it doesn't strike you as a restaurant, but decor aside, the food is delicious.To sum it up: great food, generous portions, good prices. My favorite is the pulled pork which is moist and tender while packing a mouthful of spice. That's without their sauce, which adds even more flavor without overwhelming the spice in the pork. As for sides, they're a little on the small side but I guess you don't need much with the amount of meat they give. The Mac and Cheese is definitely my favorite of the options.
5	Me and the family was craving ribs, brisket and chicken.  So yes we got all three.  I have passedi this place many times and read the reviews.  Best decision I made to stop by and grab dinner.  We were looking to dine in but we are a family of five and it wasn't the ideal place to eat in.  Don't get me wrong its clean and cozy but there are limited seats.  Now the food was very good.  The ribs and brisket are my favorites.  The sauce is very good and so were the side dishes.  Mac and cheese, baked beans, and collards was our choice.  I definitely recommend this restaurant and will be going back again.  Oh yeah and the staff was very nice and professional.
3	I have seen this place a lot before I decided to get some take out from them.  My first impression when I walked in was skeptical as there was only one person in the restaurant and they worked there.  The gentleman was very friendly and food was ready very promptly.  I would hope so as I mentioned no one was there.  Well in my opinion you judge a BBQ place by a sandwich.  When I got the sandwiches home my 3 year old tried hers and cried.  The Pulled Pork BBQ is so spicy it kills every other flavor.  I think it would great if they toned it down and gave it more of the taste.  The crazy thing is I like spicy food but this was unbearable.  This was the only time I was there so I give them 3 stars.  I will be back to try it again and will give an updated review based on my experience.
4	Excellent pulled pork!
2	Had the taste for BBQ so I took a trip in the rain to Bobbee O's. I must say I'm not impressed. I got the Beef Brisket and Shredded Chicken with Mac & Cheese and Collard Greens. Beef Brisket has no real taste on its on that's why it's drenched in sauce. Oh and the fat is suppose to be removed BEFORE serving it to customers. Chicken is tough the sauce is good but the chicken is over done. Mac & Cheese has okay favor but the noodles were cooked tooooooo long. Greens have great flavor but the hard stalk part is SUPPOSE TO BE DISCARDED!!!The sauce is very good but the food is still so-so. The prices are a bit much for a BBQ joint. Sorry Bobbee.
4	I love this place. It's really just a carryout place although there are a couple tables inside if you want to eat there. But the A/C doesn't work very well so it's hot in there. So why do I love the place?  The Q of course!  The pork is outstanding every time. And a huge portion with the dinner plate. Brisket and ribs are very good too. Have never had the chicken so can't comment on that.  All priced very reasonably as well.  And the sauce is outstanding!  Spicy and flavorful. Served on the side as it should be.  When you see the very small container of sauce for the first time, you think it is way too small.  But it turns out to be just the perfect amount to accent the meat and not over power it.  Sides are just OK and that's why only 4 stars.  Service is quick and very friendly every time. I am always greeted with a smile and a hearty hello. Bobby O is usually there and always willing to have a friendly chat if you want one.  Usally in and out in a matter of minutes.
4	Great hole-in-the-wall BBQ joint.  Not vinegar-based, which is always a plus, and their sauce is sweet but spicy, and different.  Fries are some of the tastiest potato wedges I've had.  Service is a little slow, but the place is tiny, so it's understandable.  Reasonably priced, big portions, and a friendly staff.  If you're in the mood for BBQ, but want something off the beaten path, go to Bobbee O's.
4	i would recommend bobbee o's to anyone. i love this place! it's a total dive but their BBQ is good! the sauce is a little spicy but delicious. (sauce is served separately and i don't think they give enough sauce and extra costs .25c)the fries are great-- they are just standard potato wedges but their batter is really good. mac & cheese and baked beans are a little strange to this yankee transplant.the pulled pork is perfect every time. it's neither too dry nor too wet, the buns are fully loaded and will often drop pork out, so be careful!downside: there are like 2 tables and no A/C so it's more of a take away kind of place. prices are good; i think about $6 for the pulled pork combo.
4	We headed in to Bobbee O's with a Groupon in hand on a quiet Saturday night. I had read from previous reviews that the place had limited seating, no AC, and mediocre sides so we decided to just spend all our cash on meat and bring it home with us. Bobbee O's is a bit challenging to find, and even more tricky to locate the parking area. Bobbee O's is attached to a few other strip stores, so it definitely blends in and doesn't stand out. The inside is very tiny, with two small tables and a small standing/stool area if you want to eat inside. Not that you would, since it's cramped and without any AC it's pretty dang hot in there (especially with the heat from the semi-open kitchens right there too.) But don't let the ambiance fool you...the 'Q is pretty dang tastetacular.We ordered half a rack of babyback ribs and a whole bbq chicken, most of which was covered by our Groupon. The guy running the register and getting our food was pretty friendly, and we only waited a few minutes until our meat was ready for the trip home.The ribs were simply fantastic, and almost everything that bbq ribs should be. The meat was extremely tender and had that fall off the bone quality you come to expect from babybacks.The real kicker is the sauce...IT IS AMAZING!!! Being a Yankee transplant, I haven't fully fallen in love with Carolina's vinegar-based sauces yet, and prefer my sauces to be thicker and sweeter. Bobbee O has got that down pat with a great sauce that is a bit thick, a tad beet sweet, AND has a touch of heat to it. That heat is what sealed the deal for me. You don't taste it too much as you eat it, but after a couple of minutes you will start to feel a slight tingle on your lips from the residual sauce heat doing its thing. The one thing that the ribs lacked were any smoked flavoring. I like to be able to taste that smokeyness when I bite into bbq meats, and these ribs were just missing that little something.Now it doesn't happen often, but I preferred the chicken to the pork! The bbq chicken was a full chicken split in half, so I got the tasty legs and thighs and the miss' got the white breast meat she prefers. I found the flavor of the chicken to be a tad smokier than the pork, and the sauce really complimented the chicken. It was super moist and the chicken pulled right off the bone, which made it very easy to split between us. Bobbee O's is a bit of a hike for us to grab meat and then bring it home, but it will be a tempting thought. While the meat wasn't the best I would like it to be, the sauce more than makes up for it. Heck, I'm might even go back there one day just to snag a couple of bottles of sauce! Perhaps next time I might give some of the sides a whirl, though based on other reviews here I'm not missing much. Bobbee O's is definitely a solid bbq meat center, and I would be returning more often if it was closer to where I live in Huntersville. I would just recommend getting the food to go since the interior doesn't make for the most comfortable dining experience.
4	Just a quick update:  Had lunch here today.  Pulled pork sandwich, fries, soda = $5.94.   What a deal.  same great pork and plenty of it, and AMAZING fries.  Same friendly Bobbee O.
5	Fall off the bone ribs, tangy sauce and great beans.  The wife had a pulled pork sandwich and said it had a nice spicy taste.
4	Times here: Once.Popped into Bobbee O's while down the street for Charlotte Oktoberfest.  Loaded up on some pulled pork, mac and cheese, and hot wings.  The service was friendly and prompt.  This is a 'no frills' joint that boasts about 4 tables and no decor, which is fine by me.  The food is cheap: $4 for a pulled pork sandwich?  Yes please.The food was surprisingly good.  No complaints; the fried wings were well nigh perfectly cooked and had 'that sauce' on them, which I suspect I could develop a severe addiction to.  The pork itself was fresh, not too shredded, moist and delicious.Pros: Cheep, well cooked BBQ, delicious sauce, run by friendly people.  Banging wings.  And cheep.Cons: weird parking situation, no beer.  If you have a party, you're going to have to do takeout.Yeah, I'll be back.  Bobbee O's is the best BBQ I've had in Charlotte to date, and I've tried a lot of 'em.
3	This place is very decent but I'm unsure why it received 4.5 stars. I found the quality of the food to be very good but below the level of the Old Hickory House.The pulled pork is moist and flavorful. But the sauce doesn't hold a candle to the sauce served at the Old Hickory House. Portions are good here, as are prices. Side dishes are good but also are not as good as the Old Hickory House. That being said, this overall food quality is good and food items are a relative bargain.
5	If you read my reviews before and tried the places I write about then you will realize this may be the only one you need to read!  i will make this short!Bobby O's CRUSHES any other BBQ place around.  Midwood, Macs, Jim n Nics.....etc.  Tastes like you just took it off the smoker and the brisket is tender and stretches a little before it tears, yumm. The sauce on the pulled pork is vinegar based with a little spice to it and their signature sauce is sweet but not overpowering (best bbq sauce I have had).  Sides are incredible (mac n cheese/cabbage, collards are my recommendations). Staff is unbelievably friendly! Flaws: they need another location! it is always hot in there (but that comes with the whole experience of being right next to all of the cooking equipment so it could really be seen as a pro and not a con depending on how you look at it). Recap:  this is hands down the best bbq but if you are planning on going with more than 4 people I would suggest getting takeout as there is not much room to sit.
5	We tried Bobbee O's as part of a BBQ eating tour the week of thanksgiving. It is just excellent which has  good food, a great owner, scrupulously clean premises, and the first top rate bbq brisket I have had in years. The brisket was moist, tender and jiggled with beefy goodness..If you get within 100 miles of this place, make a detour and try it.
4	Another quick update:  Stopped in on the way home from work for some carryout after a long day.  Needed some Q bad.  It was about 7:30 PM and as usual, Bobbee O himself was there with a friendly greeting and prompt service after having a long day himself.  There was another gentleman behind the counter as well and he too was extremely friendly and helpful.  This is the usual for them.I ordered the Spare Ribs and Brisket dinner combo for just $13.99 uncluding two sides and Texas toast.   Incredible.  The brisket was so tender you could cut it with a plastic fork and just melted in my mouth.  The ribs were smokey, flavorful, and had just the right tenderness with the slight chew you want on a perfect rib. YUM.And their sauce.  I must mention it every time.  It is SOOOO good.  Just the right blend of vinegar and spice.  YUM again.  I wish they sold it to go.  Bobbee said he is working on that for the fututre.Anyway, it hit the spot after that long day I mentioned. Thanks Bobbee.
5	I had the ribs and pork and it was the best I've had in awhile. I could eat that barbecue sauce on anything.
4	Delicious fatty brisket. SPICY 'Q. Ribs! Stingy sides. Friendly. Clean.
5	One of the best BBQ spots in Charlotte. The Ribs are very tender and have a nice smokey taste to them. the pulled pork is vinegar based with hint of spice, you don't need any sauce to them at all. the food is very very cheap i got the ribs and pulled pork for only 11 dollars. I recommend Bobbee Os to anyone and everyone
4	Supple, moist pulled pork paired with a sauce that has a perfect touch of chili flake heat.  A must try.  No frills, great bbq : O )
4	This is quality BBQ, no doubt about it.  Best in Charlotte as said in some other reviews?  I don't think so.  That title still goes to Midwood Smokehouse IMO.  I've had Bobbee O's on my bookmark list for over a year and finally was pushed into trying them based on their current appearance in the Final Four of the Charlotte Observer, Munch Madness, BBQ bracket.First off, the folks working here are very friendly and accommodating.  I was offered a small sample of the pulled pork when they heard it was my first visit which was a nice touch.  Very sparse surroundings as others have noted but that's a definite 'who cares' in my book when it comes to a BBQ place.In terms of the food, there are so many particular flavor profiles one can run into in the BBQ world.  Bobbee O's lands on the sweet/vinegary side of the spectrum based on the sauce they serve and there is a real dose of heat, in the form of pepper flakes, in the pulled pork.  For me, just a bit too much as the heat overtook the pork itself which is moist, flavorful and without an ounce of fat.  The spareribs were good, tender and meaty although I would order them with no sauce if that's possible as I'm not a real fan of the sweet sauce and they come slathered.  The sides I tried were OK.  The coleslaw was again, too sweet for me and somewhat watery and the Mac N Cheese was tasty but nothing to write home about.  At the end of the day, I would definitely stop in again if in the area and suffering from a Cue craving.  I look forward to trying the brisket on my next visit based on what I have read in other reviews.
5	Hands down THE best BBQ I have had in my 30+ years of life and BBQ eating. Any and every time I am in Charlotte I will be stopping here to eat. Coming back tomorrow to try the brisket. Just the smell of proper cooked BBQ wafting around inside is worth the price of a dinner. I honestly have a food buzz right now and am sad my plates are empty.
1	Honestly, I don't know how the barbecue tastes, because they wouldn't give me any, even though I paid for it.  On top of that there was no where to park.Sooooo, be careful what you order as it doesn't always include what they say.  If you look at the "family meals" on the menu, it says "feeds 4-6, includes 2 lbs of barbecue, 3 family sized sides, and 6 rolls".  I ordered the whole chicken family meal to go, it felt a little light, I asked if everything was there and they said yes, so I headed home.  I get home and there is most of a chicken, 3 mediocre sized sides, and 6 pieces of white bread.  No BBQ at all, no rolls.  I called and asked them if I could come back up and pick up the BBQ and they said my 2 lbs of BBQ was my whole chicken.  So, basically, them saying that the family meal comes with 2 lbs of BBQ is just a complete lie.  I asked them to please clarify that in the future and they had the nerve to say that I just misread the menu and should know how to order in the future, then said they were really busy and had to go.  Look at it yourself, tell me what you think.The chicken was extremely dry, the sides were edible, and what can I say about slices of white bread.I live close now, so I'll come back and try a sandwich some time, but it better be friggin amazing to get my business back on a regular basis.
5	This is real BBQ - I kid you not, I have tried a lot of BBQ. Don't come here looking for ambiance, there are just a few tables and plastic chairs but do yourself a favor and bring this on your next picnic. The portions are huge and everything I have tasted is good. The sauce.... oh the sauce.... it is NO JOKE. They have possibly the oldest Coke machine I have seen still running but for some reason the drinks out of it are super cold and super good. Just a diamond in the rough, try it!!
4	No frills, no gimmicks, no fancy decor or clever catchphrases. Bobby O's is all business, all BBQ. This isn't a traditional NC BBQ joint, more like a fusion of good ole American BBQ. While they do have some traditional southern sides, I can't say they were anything to rave about. They use penne for the mac which wasn't all that great and collards were just eh, okay. Now, onto the good stuff. Pulled Pork was actually tasty. Most places just have pork that is well, bland and relies on sauce. This pork actually had some flavor. Brisket was pretty good. So good that I actually ate the fat. It was rendered so well that it melted in my mouth like butter pecan ice cream. I've never been a fan of smoked chicken. Chicken is usually not fatty enough to smoke so it dries out fast. While this chicken wasn't super moist, it wasn't turkey jerky dry either. When it comes to ribs, they offer two kinds. Baby back and St Louis (spare rib). Both are tasty, but I always prefer baby back. Lastly, they have their own sauce. As far as I could tell, they only offer one sauce. Not your traditional Eastern Carolina vinegar based, but a spicy oh I dunno, St Louis style tomato based sauce. All in all, not too shabby. If you're up north and looking for a new smokehouse, give Bobby's a try.
4	Great chow!
4	The pulled pork was great. The brisket practically melted in my mouth. Only problem I had was there was no Mac N Cheese ready almost 4 hours after opening. Little disappointed.
4	Great hole in the wall BBQ joint.  Loved the pulled pork.
4	Great pulled pork and brisket.   Both were very tender. We had only sandwiches as menu and host are both a little confusing.  Parking is THE WORST. Pretty much. a take out situation.
4	The food here is pretty good. The pulled chicken is my fav. Their BBQ sauce is amazing!!!  You do have to pay extra for more sauce. I've found myself coughing up the coin for more of that crack sauce... Yeah it's that addicting. The baked beans are good as well. It is sweet and I believe it has onions and diced green peppers in it. The Mac & cheese is tasty as well. The taste is an acquired one. They make their with chopped onions and its not very cheesy. I dig it and I think you might too. Go give them a shot... Now :-)
2	I visited Bobbee O's because it was close to my hotel and because it was very highly rated on Yelp. Unfortunately, I must disagree with the 4.5 star ratings. I ordered the ribs and pulled pork. Neither were bad, but they also weren't very impressive. The ribs seemed like they had been boiled, not smoked. I spoke to the owner and he said they use en electric smoker, which explains why there is no smoke ring in the ribs. But The meat was not very tender, and it honestly reminded me of Costco ribs. The pulled pork was a little better than the ribs, although also nothing to write home about. I don't have anything good or bad to say about it. It was just pulled pork.
4	You see what you get. I like BBQ, I come here. I usually get my order to go because my house has better atmosphere... But the food is good, thats why I keep coming back.
4	We stopped by on Sunday after doing some furniture shopping near by.  After being told by so many people that there is no good BBQ in Charlotte, we were VERY happy to stumble upon Bobbee's.  The place is tiny and can get hot, but I it's really clean so we stayed and ate there.  The woman at the counter (Rashina?) was so kind.  We told her we'd just moved to NC and that this was our first BBQ.  She gave us both some of the pork and brisket to try.  I rarely eat pork, but this was so tender and had that vinegary sauce, simply delicious.  My husband and I each order dinner platter (even though it was lunch time) because we wanted to try as many items as possible.I make my own brisket and have high standards which Bobbee O's exceeded! That meat was ridiculously tender and beautifully caramelized.  My only disappointment is that it was fatty.  I'll ask next time if they can give me leaner cuts.  However, I rarely eat meat and when I do there has to be no gristle and no fat, etc.  So I'm a bit extreme.  Others would love this flavorful meat.  As another reviewer said, the fat just melts in your mouth.  We both had the pulled chicken, which was also moist and absent of any fat or gristle you sometimes find in pulled meat products. My husband had the ribs and they too were tender, caramelized and delicious.My favorite side was the mac & cheese.  So often restaurants serve the bland Kraft mac & cheese like dish.  Not Bobbee O's, their was packed with cheddar flavor.  Beautiful!The restaurant is not that close to our home, but we will definitely trek out there next time we have a hankering.
5	Best pulled pork I think I have ever eaten.  This is the real deal.  I would give them 6 stars if I could!
5	The best BBQ place in the north Charlotte area. Had pulled pork, cole slaw, sweet potato fries and a corn muffin. All was perfect. Corn muffin rivals my Grandmoms. And that's not a compliment I give out freely.
5	Please come here great great food best pulled pork and ribs ever all about the food! If your from out of town this is the place
1	For those of you who don't like to read I'll say one thing. STAY AWAY!!! First of all, if you like chewing on sand particles and dirt with your fries then you can ignore this and go to the place. We went to this place because all of the other BBQ places were closed at the time and the regular we spoke with was raving about it. I asked how does this compare to lancasters and he said it was much much better. My opinion? The meats in every aspect was utterly dry or underdone.For a BBQ place you'd think they'd give you their "special"/"secret" sauce to go on their slow smoked ribs. It's the complete opposite. The bbq sauce that they do give you is mainly ketchup and mixed in with some liquid smoke. The ribs themselves were underdone and extremely tough. You can pick up better ribs at harris teeter and even those will fall off the bone with a fork. No visible signs of smoke rings on the meat so it leads me to believe that they do the typical hotel rib method which consists of some rub and a pan of water underneath to basically boil the rib.The pulled pork was EXTREMELY DRY. It's amazing how you could get something so dry and gritty. The pulled pork had a raw pork smell to it, one similar to that when you marinate it and pull it out fresh. Based on the faint taste, I can tell where the chef was trying to go with this but it really missed the mark by a mile. The wings or Wingettes as they like to call them were surprisingly big. Again, they were dry like the above meats. I understand cooking something to kill bacteria and make it safe to eat but seriously this guy is over cooking everything. We ordered ours extra spicy and what came out was extremely underwhelming. They use a generic batch of premade wings with some odd looking coating and then toss it in sauce. I really can't explain the wings more than describing it as one of those prank chicken toys with the artificial yellow skin color. Hopefully you can see from the pictures i'll post up how abysmal the food here is. I really hope that the guy here can do better and put out some quality bbq next time. It's always a joyous thing in my circle when a new place opens up. I had a friend drive down from NYC on a monday stayed for one meal and left the next day just to eat bbq. We really didn't expect someone from the carolinas to do this bad though.
5	Stopped in for some brisket.  Had the dinner plate.  As usual, cut it with a plastic fork tender.  Just yummy.  I went with double mac and cheese as my 2 sides.  Theirs is a little different.  Has some onion and I suspect other spices in it and I love it.  And as I always do, I must mention the sauce.  Again, a little different than the usual here.  Love it again.Also as usual, friendly and prompt service too.  Thanks again Bobbee.
4	They close at 8:00 PM on weeknights. I pull in at 7:50 wondering will they be open?  If so, will the food be leftovers?  Heck. Open? There was a line at the counter!  Took me 5 minutes to get to the front of the line. This was a good thing. Bobbee's is not only open but thriving. A great thing. As usual Bobbee was there with a friendly greeting. Service was good and friendly. And of course the bbq was excellent. I had the brisket dinner and as usual it was delish in every way. And as always, thanks Bobbee.
4	Snuck in under the wire ay 4:59 PM on Sunday. As usual Bobbee was there with a friendly greeting and some awesome Q. Went with the brisket dinner also as usual. YUM!  So glad i made it.
4	Great Food, but check your Take-Out Orders when they're busy. I've had a few mixups. They're great at clearing it up but a good Order Validation would go a long way for them.
5	Found this place as we were traveling through Charlotte back to Ohio. We are glad we stopped! We had the pulled pork and brisket along with fries and Mac and cheese. The Brisket by far was the star. Pulled pork was a close second. We initially ordered a family style Mac and cheese but they compensated us and made up for the mistake. It was so good we even ordered sandwiches to go so we had something for the road! You have to check this place out. Definitely a hole in the wall feel, but those are always the most authentic!
5	Trust the ratings on this one!! Best BBQ I've eaten, hands down!! And I've eaten my share. The Mac & Cheese is to die for. Got two bottles of the sauce to take back to VAWe were lucky enough to beat the crowd so it wasn't as hot inside as some reviews indicatedI am contemplating on coming back for dinner
3	Not particularly recommended. Unreasonably slow; we waited over 45 minutes for simple pulled pork meals.  Unremarkable sides. Pork itself was ok to good, but long wait with no feedback left bad taste for us.
1	Let me put this simply, some of the worst BBQ I've ever had. Ordered beef brisket and pork spare ribs. Both were bland, flavorless and over cooked. It honestly tasted like they steamed or boiled their meat. Regret driving all the way to this place and will never go back.
5	Pork and brisket were great , the greens and coleslaw were outstanding!!!!I would highly encourage everyone to try Bobby O's!!!
4	The barbecue at Bobbee O's is really tasty!  I ordered the pulled pork and brisket combo plate.  I loved that they included a bun, so I could pile the soft, savory, vinegary NC style pulled pork up with the coleslaw and eat it how it was intended.  The real star, though, was the brisket.  I hate it when barbecue places trim the fat off of their brisket, because it shows me that they have missed the point of brisket, and if they missed the point of brisket, the rest of the food can't be all that great either, can it?  Bobbee O's gets the point.  The brisket melted in my mouth.  Paired with the tangy sauce, it was delicious.  I also got coleslaw and Mac n cheese as a side.  The coleslaw was good, but I didn't care for the Mac.  That's just my personal opinion though.  A lot of people like it, as you'll see in other reviews.  There was nothing wrong with it, it just tasted a little onion-y.  I also tried my boyfriend's potato salad, which was yummy as well.  You can tell they really care about their customers here.  The girl who took our order was super friendly.  If you are in the area, with a hankerin' for barbecue, check this place out.
3	Went for lunch today based on yelp reviews and got the Brisket Sandwich. Food was good and I might go again for takeout, just wouldn't eat there. There are two small tables inside and two very small tables for two outside so def. not good for a group lunch (which was my experience). Co-worker got pulled pork which also looked good, but nothing special that would make me go out of my way when other places have better seating / atmosphere for a lunch spot.
2	My expectations were high and maybe too high. After reading all the reviews, I just knew that I was going to love this place.We ordered a family meal with the St. Louis ribs with sides of mac and cheese, fries, and cabbage. We also ordered a pound of beef brisket, side of sweet potato fries, 3 chicken wings and a hot link sandwich.Hands down the best things we ate were the French fries and chicken wings. St. Louis Ribs -  Ribs were tender but lacked that good bbq flavor you desire when eating bbq. Our guess is that are cooked first on a grill and then finished in the oven. Brisket- Just okay. Not great but better than the ribs. Could be more tender. Again lacking flavor.Hot Link Sandwich - No snap when eating the hot link. Not even that spicy.Mac & Cheese - if you like mac and cheese that will not taste like mac and cheese then this is for you. It tasted like celery, onions or something. Whatever they added overpowered the taste of cheese and that familiarity of mac and cheese.Cabbage - Okay. Blah. Sweet Potato Fries - frozen and fried variety. Nothing to hate.French Fries - seasoned, frozen and fried variety. Nothing to hate.Chicken wings - I just can't believe that the best thing I loved about this place had absolutely nothing to do with BBQ. These wings were banging and almost made me want to give this place a 3 but it is a BBQ joint not a chicken wing joint. BBQ Sauce- was actually really good. It was a perfect balance of sweet, spicy and smokey. Too bad the bbq wasn't as good as the sauce.
4	Near the corner of Harris Blvd, I did drive past it once looking for it.  I had the beef brisket and pulled pork plate $9.99 was a good value.  Had the mac and cheese (awesome) and coleslaw (average) as sides.I thought the BBQ sauce was a little spicy for brisket  would be awesome on wings.  All in all it was very good BBQ and see myself picking up some family meals for dinner on the way home.PS  The whole no free refills on takeout orders is stupid and the only place I have encountered this.
5	I am moving to California tomorrow. Had to stop by for one more dinner before I left. As usual Bobbee was there with a friendly word. I had the brisket dinner which also as usual was terrific. Not only will I miss the fantastic Q and the always friendly and efficient service, in addition I will miss Bobbee's  amazing sauce. So as the solution to this dilemma, I bought a case of it to take with me!  12 bottles should last me a while. Thanks for everything Bobbee.
5	This place is the bomb! Super clean inside,although it seems most people get they're food to go, there are chairs to dine in. The staff is extremely friendly and helped us make a descision on what to eat by providing samples of their pulled pork and brisket. I ordered the brisket family meal with double mac and cheese and greens. I just moved from Los Angeles to Charlote 2 weeks ago and have never had BBQ in LA this good! I'll definitely be back to try the other goodies on the menu!
4	Overall: Best Mom & Pop pulled pork in N CharlotteAmbiance: Hole in the wall with 10 seatsService: Promt, curteous, professional.Food: Brisket is middling, pulled pork is exellent, lean, and perfectly spiced eastern NC style.  Collard greens are ok, cabbage was good, sauce has a distinctive tangy sweet flavor.
4	the food was very good. I had the brisket, my wife had a cheese burger, and my son had the pulled chicken. There were only two tables here, so I'm glad one was empty when we arrived. The staff was very friendly! This place is more than you would expect from a storefront operation.
