2	Since this place is an affordable & casual eatery close to the neighborhood, I really wanted to like it.  I really, really did. But, alas, it was a major disappointment to me!Really, two words sum it up: BLAND FOOD.  The portion size was fine -  but the taste and overall quality of the food was really bland and not the highest quality.   They also did not have what I consider to be a good selection of breakfast offerings.  Sometimes I don't mind sacrifing a little quality for price - if there are some other major redeeming values - but this is not the case at the Charlotte Cafe.  I had eggs, "homefries", a couple of slices of  tomato (to substitute for the meat since they don't offer any alternatives to pork products --- no turkey bacon or chicken sausage here), and a blueberry pancake.  Sadly, everything on my plate was bland and basically lacked any  seasoning.  The blueberry pancake was definitely the "best" thing on my plate, but  at times it had a bit of an odd after-taste that I can't really put my finger on. (Maybe it was the cheap syrup, but I can't be sure.) The "homefries" looked good, but actually just tasted like diced potatoes  with a light sprinkling of paprika on them and were almost undercooked. The eggs were scrambled ok - but again nothing to them taste-wise. The tomato -is a typical hot-house tomato that is flavorless.  The coffee didn't taste great either. I usually drink mine black, but this coffee needed something to cover the taste, so I ended up using a little creamer (yucky).   My friend had egg whites, sausage, hashbrowns and a belgan waffle. His food was "ok" except for the waffle which tasted exactly like those waffles you make at "free breakfast " when you stay at a Homewood or Comfort Suites hotel (You know, the ones where you pour the pre-made waffle mix into the waffle iron and lt cooks for a few minutes on each side.)  He was totally disappointed with the waffle and did not eat it. He had coffee and an orange juice. Now, to be fair, there were a few things that we did like about the place... it's a cute little place that you can get in and out of quickly.  And on our visit (Sunday AM) the employees were friendly and helpful - especially our server. However, we do not plan to go back.  Our total check came to $26 for 2 people for breakfast before the tip.  (At that price,  we can eat at Le Peep and have a HUGE selection.... I always end up getting an awesome omelette w/flavorful home-fries there). As a side note, later that same day, I heard from someone else who had eaten there on a number of occasions who consistently got cold food served and on his final visit, had a really bad experience with the manager.
1	We have lived near the Arboretum for a long time and finally decided to give them a try.  I had picked up a menu on a previous visit to the Arboretum and called to place an order for take out.  We ordered typical southern fare of chicken fried chicken, corn, mac 'n cheese, potatoes, salad and cornbread.  I have to say, I was more than disappointed.  When I opened our food when we got home, the chicken was just a plain, slightly floured breast with some plain brown gravy on it.  There were 2 small new potatoes and the other sides were in small cups that weren't any bigger than what you might put salad dressing in (and they forgot that for the salad they included that was only plain lettuce).  Really?I called to discuss the meals and the manager told me the portions were bigger in the take out than in the dining room (again, really?) and that I didn't know what typical southern food should look and taste like (I'm a North Carolina native).  He told me he might get one complaint a year.  Unfortunately, this year it was mine.Overall, I cannot recommend this establishment.  Not withstanding the smallish portions, the food was not seasoned very well, if at all.  The gravy was plain and very salty like it came from a ready mix package.  The food tasted like it looked, boring and bland.  A terrible value ($10 per person).Sorry, Charlotte Cafe.  I really wanted to like you and was excited to give you a try, but I have to send you to sleep with the fishes and the menu to the recycle bin.
1	Really great service from the friendly staff... However, the food is quite bland. I hate to say it, but, it reminds me of the food they would serve when I volunteered at a nursing home... Sorry! The kids I take seem to like the spaghetti.
2	This place is very inconsistent .   Have gone three times , first time it was good the following it was worse and worse.   Seems overpriced .... Suspect it only survives as the overflow for la Pepe .
