2	Yawn.... oh, excuse me! I just woke from my nap... err... dinner, I mean, at um, what is this place? Oh yeah, The Carlton.Let's set the stage: dark wood, white table cloths, waiters dressed like busboys, busboys dressed like...something dull, fat men in suits that makes lots of money smoking cigars in the bar laughing about dull things, a menu that is well, dull. Getting the picture?Pretty much this is a place for the good ol' boys. Not the NASCAR, Skoal chewing, shotgun shooting, good ol' boys, but the ~rich~ good ol' boys. You know, vote Republican all the time, play golf even though they suck at it, drive enormous cars, and live in houses bigger than the city block you live on.Okay, okay, so the food isn't bad per se. In fact it was quite tasty if you like a lot of butter and oil...over everything. This place ain't going to win any culinary awards but if you're looking to entertain the above mentioned crowd, you simply won't go wrong here. Otherwise, save your money ('cause it definitely ain't cheap here) and hit up one of the many much cooler places in town.
4	This is a good place to take your parents or to have a business event.  The location is right in the city (mellon center).  The bar is relatively small with most seating in old leather chairs and some table tops.  The decor is definitely old school with the wallpaper being golfers in traditional garb in a picturesque (sp?), 1920's scene with girls golfing in dresses.  The rest of the restaurant is dark wood, leather, and white tops.  The servers are dressed in tuxes or suits and in my experience are true professionals.  I have a couple business dinner parties here a year and have always been extremely pleased.  I've never come here on a date and I suggest if you are under 50 there are much better date spots to take your partner.  However, for all its old school charm the menu can be occassionally surprisingly nuanced and fresh.  My favorite is to have the wine dinners here.  The chef truly is talented and always comes up with something surprising and delicious.  Also, props need to be paid to Kevin Joyce for fighting this damn county drink tax.  He also serves some of the best, reasonably priced wine in the city and has been for decades.  I didn't do the wine tasting dinner last night, but instead went a more traditional route offering multiple entree choices.  The dinner starts with either a carlton salad or soup of the day.  The carlton salad looked awesome, romaine, tomatoes, mushrooms, bacon, hard boiled egg and creamy dressing (definitely not for the dieter).  The soup I had last night was the three food groups, those being cheese, bacon, and potatoes.  The soup was obviously heavy, but I found way too salty and in general not a good choice for me.  It sat in my stomach like a sock full of nickels.  Many ordered the seafood wellington, which I've had before and it's another non-dieter dish comprising of pastry, sole, lobster, crab and cheese.  This dish is definitely rich and tasty.  I tried the prime rib, which was about an average tasting non- "prime" prime rib with plenty of marbeling and cooked well enough.  However, I've had just as good prime rib if not better at Outback.  The most delicious presentation goes to the veal portabello which is sauteed veal with capers adn mushrooms, whipped potatoes and a nice tomato beurre blanc.  Sadly, I didn't get a chance to try this.  I was told it was delicious.  The desserts were all good and most likely prepared in house.  I tried the award winning chocolate cheesecake which was very good.  I only wish they had some lighter dessert options like berries.  All in all a great restaurant for the older crowd or business events.  The servers, especially Faye are awesome.  Last night Faye literally chased me down the parking garage to give me my leftovers.  The food deserves 3 stars, the servers 4 stars, and the wine prices and Kevins anti tax efforts 5 stars.  This is a true Pittsburgh institution.
3	This place is rather snooty... or at least trying to be. The decor is "chamberish" with dark wood and leather. Servers are dressed better than some of the patrons. Food is memorable, especialy their fish. This place is a bit on the expensive side, but I think the price is right for the quality.
5	Excellent food served excellently. The decor is definitely old-school steakhouse, but that doesn't matter when you have one of the dishes placed before you. The crabcake appetizer is creamy and nicely sauced, the gnocchi and lobster appetizer is heaven. I've had nearly all of the entrees there over the years, and I've never been disappointed. The consistency in the food is also admirable.The Carlton is known for its great wines (and the servers are well-versed in them). All in all, it's a very nice special-occasion restaurant.
4	This is a typical, traditional upscale restaurant in the downtown of a medium sized American city. If you're looking for trendy or hip, this is not the place.But if you're looking for helpful & friendly service, an extensive & fairly priced wine list, and classic food, then this is a good place.  It won't be the most memorable meal of your life, but I don't think you'll regret it either.Their menu changes a little each day.  My favorite is the NY Strip with the Jack Daniels glaze and blue cheese crumbles.  Don't be confused this isn't the TGI Fridays Jack Daniels glaze.  It's always available, even if you can't find it on the menu, just ask.  Other popular items are the sole and Beef Wellington.This is also a great place to eat before a Penguins game.  Though it's a place that would usually draw a dressy crowd, they don't mind the Penguins jerseys on game nights.  They'll get you in and out before the drop of the puck and you won't feel rushed.  They also will validate your parking at the garage in the basement of the building, so hand your ticket to the hostess.
2	Recently ate at the Carlton in BNY Mellon for my buddies birthday.  I was one in a group of 12.  One positive thing I can say is the waiter was thorough and very helpful with suggestions, etc.  I started off with gnocchi appetizer which was his suggestion, not bad.  I would rate it a B average.  I was torn between the prime rib and the lamb chops, he suggested the prime rib.  I got the prime rib cooked to the chef's suggestion, came out about med-rare but WAS NOT HOT.  To say it was warm might have been pushing it.  Lack of flavor with the beef is an understatement.  I wasn't impressed at all. The mashed potatoes weren't hot either.  I was pretty disappointed to say the least.  A few friends recommended the prime rib and when I told them about my experience they were shocked.  I wouldn't waste the money to go back thats for sure!.  If another birthday or event got scheduled there I would most likely attend but it's not a place I would suggest.  For the price the food wasn't impressive AT ALL.The best part of the evening was the 8.00 coffee i had at the end of the night.  The other plus about this place is if you park in the BNY Mellon garage they validate your parking ticket at the hostess stand.
5	Not sure if any of these reviews are of recent visits, but the food and service that I experienced was amazing.  The iPad wine list is fun to scroll through, an it is extensive.  With a menu that changes daily, you know things are fresh!  My party had the calamari appetizer - which wasn't over the top, typical calamari.  I had the Wolf fish special and wow was I impressed!  Served with tomato and cucumber quinoa - the flavors were fantastic!  Another person I my party also had the Wolf fish and she almost licked her plate clean!!!  I don't eat red meat, but the pork tenderloin was also enjoyed!Desserts were a great way to finish our girls night out and the cappuccino torte was also phenomenal!!!  Highly recommended!  I will be back!
5	I visited the Carlton on a wednesday night before catching a pens game.  The place looks as classy as the name.  A wall of caricatures shows you all the famous customers the restaurant has hosted.Our meal was excellent.  We started with calamari and lamb.  I swear the lamb melted in my mouth.  By far the best I've ever had.  The calamari was also excellent.For my entree I chose the mahi mahi special.  Light yet flavorful, coupled with greens, it was a nicely sized dish.  As always, I pair it with a drink, a golden lager from local establishments Church Brew Works.
5	Will I ever have a bad meal at The Carlton?  Not yet.  Went there this evening with my wife. We shared the lobster gnocchi which is amazing.  She usually gets this appetizer as her entree but tonight we shared it.  We each started with the Carlton salad.  A staple.  Nice amount and very tasty. I got the pork chop special with chorizo sausage, cheddar whipped potatoes and asparagus wrapped in filo.  Everything was excellent!  My wife got the sea scallops which were ok, but I definitely out ordered her tonight.  With a few drinks our bill was about $100.  Very inexpensive for this quality of restaurant.   Plus, they are in the entertainment book or, in the case of this evening, we were sent a $25 gift certificate for my wife's birthday.Love this place.  Very old school.  Good strong drinks, great service, and excellent food.One minor complaint.....what's up with the elevator musak?
4	Never have a bad meal.  Everything is always good.  Can't go wrong with this downtown restaurant.  Older crowd, much older.
5	The Carlton is no-joke, serious fine dining. The place is posh as hell. We all took my Mom here for her 50th birthday, and everything was amazingly good from the Short Ribs app to my salad to the fantastic seafood pasta I had to the desserts we dug into. I liked the Coconut Cream pie best, but they were all to die for. If you have a special occasion, it's worth coming here in your best outfit. P.S. Darren was beside himself the whole time and made the dinner all the more enjoyable with his humor. lol. I love my food-obsessed sexyman. :)
5	Unlike most places when the quality of food goes up, the portion size goes way down, this place won't let you leave hungry.  In fact, you'll be thoroughly stuffed.  If you're looking for the kind of place where everybody dresses, and acts appropriately for a classy night on the town w/o needing all black and white formal attire, you can't find a better spot.    Challenge you to find a more complete eating experience anywhere in the Burgh:  Rustic, Retro, Classic, Cozy, Aesthetic, AMAZING!  Every plate is nearly perfect, and the portions are on point.    Perhaps the best part is how long the staff has worked there.  Many for 20 years or more.  Impossible to have a bad experience here, and you should really make a reservation right now.
5	Lunch for four. Excellent service and food. Easy to listen and talk.
3	Legendary Pittsburgh restaurant/nightspot, past its prime.  Interior was last updated during the era of Drakkar Noir and mousse, is now threadbare and chintzy, in a style that a few years from now will be considered edgy, cool and retro.  Restaurant itself is located in the upper lobby of a glass and steel building housing Mellon Bank and the local offices of Jones Day; would've been a hot prom date destination for a rich kid in a John Hughes movie. Service is inattentive and lackadaisical. I ordered a glass of wine that was tantalizingly described as 'unknown' on the menu. Wine by the glass is frequently a burn, since you never know how long ago the bottle was opened, but at a place which boasts of its carefully curated wine list, it's an enticing dare. Unfortunately, it turned out to be limp and shy, something which my waiter should've warned me off of. Plate came out hot, meaning my order had been sitting around as forgotten as my meal is now.  A chicken something, nothing memorable.It's too bad, because this place obviously has an interesting past and still has genuine character, and the staff all seem to have been around a while.  It seems like a place you could warm to (and vice versa) if you lived in town and were a regular, and if you're just visiting it's definitely worth a look if you're into local history, or a serious cosplaying late 80s fetishist. But if you're not any of those things, you'll probably be happier eating elsewhere.
4	This is definitely one of the more expensive and classier restaurants in downtown Pittsburgh. I came during restaurant week with a group which was a perfect opportunity for me to try multiple things here.I honestly don't remember what the entree I ordered tasted like, but my crab salad appetizer was a great start to the meal. Pleasantly, the crab to salad ratio was higher on the crab end. It was dressed with a vinaigrette giving the whole salad a very crisp and fresh flavor.The best part of the meal was the dessert. That probably made me forget what the entree tasted like. Since I came with a group I was able to try their Chocolate Mousse Tart and Capuccunio Torte. Both were rich, chocolaty, and addicting. The Torte also came with this delicious oreo-cookie like crust. One plus for this restaurant is you can get your parking garage ticket waived. Free parking in Pittsburgh is a win.
2	After reading the numerous positive reviews and being a short walk from the hotel I canceled a reservation at another restaurant and the family headed on over. The clientele  was a bit eclectic...mostly older establishment types, but intermixed with everything from young bachelorette party-goers to aging Saturday Night Fever aficionados. The mixed clientele was a harbinger of the meals to come with  tantalizing appetizers and desserts, but major disappointments with the main courses.When the appetizers arrived, we knew we made the right call. The briny muscles with loads of garlic, tomatoes, capers, olives in a savory wine sauce were divine. The lobster gnocchi was loaded with crab and lobster...very rich and satisfying. The Caprese salad was made with the freshest tomatoes and mozzarella...all top shelf.  Then the dinners arrived...a Mahi-Mahi filet served over Spanish rice look disheveled on the plate. The mahi-mahi was grilled adequately, but the Spanish rice tasted like something my mother made from a box. Overly spicy and completely obliterating the fish. Next were the recommended scallops. They looked like they had been sitting under the lights for hours. They appeared pallid on the plate...just sitting their lifeless surrounding a pile of wilting greens. Finally the chicken dish was simply bland...inadequately seasoned and completely forgettable. We needed something to cleanse our palates from the dinner, so took a chance on dessert and were pleasantly surprised. The rich and hot chocolate chip cookie covered with creamy vanilla ice cream were a hit. It's hard to figure how a place that does appetizers so well could completely miss on its main courses...not one, but all of them. Maybe the kitchen just had an off night, but for a restaurant in this price range the batting average needs to be a lot higher. My recommendation is to stick to the appetizers and a nice glass of wine.
5	The Carlton is the king of downtown dining in Pittsburgh.  While perhaps not as de riguer as some of the new (and also admirable spots) downtown, the Carton is just consistently excellent.  It's a white table cloth restaurant with exceptional professional service.  The ambiance is clubby -- not formal, but not boisterous.  have been to the Carlton probably 50 times -- for personal dinners, pre Hockey dinners, business lunches, events, wine dinners, and it is fantastic every time.  Turning to the food, I'm not a seafood fan as a rule, but the fresh seafood is as good as I've had anywhere.  The tilapia and sea bass are top notch.  You can also find some interesting dishes like lobster grilled cheese, something I've not seen elsewhere.  It can be an expensive meal, but you get what you pay for.  I've never felt that I've gotten anything but value for my dollar.  A word to the wise:  call for reservations on a night that there's an event at the Consol Energy Center (Penguins game, concert), as you may be hunting elsewhere for food since the Carlton gets very busy for the pre-event dinner.  Also, parking is comped in the evening.
2	Reservation made on the recommendation of the concierge for New Years eve. Sat us 45 minutes late with no apology made. Staff was excellent but the menu was limited in scope with regards to both seafood and steak. Two basic choices for fish and two for meat with none of the traditional steak cuts. Was hoping for a better dining experience as this is touted as a local landmark but was disappointed. Can't say I would go out of my way when next in town.
4	Love this place!  Been there twice.  Keep an eye out for the swordfish, if they have it, order it!  They have an amazing wine selection.  If you can't find what your looking for there, you simply don't know what you want.Staff is excellent.Price are high BUT well worth it.85709
3	Came here during Restaurant Week. The server did not even mention that they were participating in restaurant week and I had to ask for the restaurant week menu. Also, the restaurant was dead for a Thursday evening. This is a fairly large restaurant and only had five tables filled! I should have taken that as a hint. I had the sea bass bites for the entree, however, I feel that the honey mustard sauce somewhat over powered the sea bass. Service was spotty as well. Desert was microwaved bread budding. The only reason that I gave them three stars was for the fact that they have very reasonable wine by the glass pricing with a great selection.
3	My husband made a reservation for a belated valentines day celebration. We had been to the Carlton 3 other times for special occasions and had wonderful experiences. Tonight was a bit of a different experience. I think the waitress may have exchanged 25 words with us in 1.5 hours. The service was fine but I felt like I was at Olive Garden. I am normally a 20% or more tipper no matter what. But I showed her... 15% is all she got! She did not even deserve that!
5	HIGHLY recommend this wonderful restaurant. I have been going here for years and have always had an incredible meal. It has been about a year since I was here last, and just went this past Friday. Superb food, creative and fresh. Service by Doug was impeccable. What  a fine gentleman. The cappuccino tort was phenomenal!Keep up the good work.....you are appreciated!
4	Step into what defined classy dining in the 50s and 60s and you entered the 'twilight zone'.  This place reeks of my imaginary world of old money.  Don't get me wrong as I loved this place (I must have arrived in life!). It has great personalized service, extensive wine list, and exceptional first course to dessert was this alive and well in this tired setting.  Needs an upgrade only in the decor.  The rest is perfect.
5	Came here for lunch when on business.  The service was excellent and I loved the ambience. I ordered the brisket with potato salad. It was excellent - beef was very tender and the salad was well seasoned and fresh. Could have done without the egg in the brisket but oh well. Colleague got crab cakes and they looked awesome. Neither one of us left hungry.
2	Nice service.  Incorrectly over or under cooked almost every steak on the table.  Reported promptly to wait staff not willing to correct.  I would never come back here.  Plenty of great restaurants in Pittsburgh.In summary overpriced and overrated.
2	This place is simply not worth it. I came for restaurant week and was only impressed by the shrimp tacos (the fig salad was also good.) The ravioli was average and the salmon was alright, but nothing to write home about. The sorbet tasted like it had been melted and then refrozen. The cake, while good, was again nothing special. The one saving grace was that service was phenomenal. Overall, this place is simply not worth the money. There are plenty of better options that don't have a group of loud grandmas discussing their boyfriends that went to 'nam.
5	Great food and service our waiter michael was a great guide food was amazing and the Italian bottle of wine was perfection
4	The Carlton is one of those places that feels as if it's from a different time - in a good way.  When every single restaurant in the city was booked at 6pm on a Saturday night, my party of four had no issue getting into The Carlton to celebrate my mom's birthday.  Between us, we ordered two Prime Rib dinners, a Walleye Pike and the Sea Bass special.  Every single bite was near-perfection.  Between drinks, apps, entrees our total bill rang in at ~$220; not too shabby all things considered. I think it's silly when restaurants of this caliber charge per the glass for sodas, but I'll let that one go.  So, throw on a fedora and stop in at The Carlton to experience old-fashioned food and service sure to leave even the most jaded hipster with a smile of satisfaction.
5	I first came to Pittsburgh nearly three years ago and was taken here.  I consider myself a food snob and did not expect to be impressed by any restaurant in Pittsburgh, but I was.  I was in Pittsburgh again this past weekend and had a chance to visit The Carlton.  It did not disappoint and is the best dining I have found thus far in Pittsburgh. For apps this past weekend, we ordered the portabella mushroom, gnocchi, and stuffed meatball.  I can't decide whether I preferred the mushroom or gnocchi, which is surprising since the portabella mushroom app wasn't even on my radar, but was so pleasant and light in its flavors.  The stuffed meatball was tasty, but disappointing to the extent that I couldn't detect any cheese.  For entrees, we ordered the duck ragu (WOW), the bolognese (the ragu was way better), one of the fish, and the wellington.  All were delicious, but the duck ragu was such a star and so surprising in its combination of flavors.  The duck was cooked perfectly!  For dessert, we shared some chocolate cake that I thought was lackluster, but I also wasn't  hungry and we were 3 bottles of wine in.  The Carlton is on the list of definite recommends and staples for when I'm visiting the Burgh.
4	If you're heading to a show in the Cultural District, the Carlton is a must, if you've never tried it. Great food, friendly service and a polished approach to their pre-theater crowd. The tuna was good with an interesting take on it with an Asian tea broth and my wife's mahi-mahi special was spiced just right. Her mule drink had some kick and my bellini was nice and sweet. They validate parking, whisk you to the theater in a complimentary limo or private car (make sure you tip!) that gets you in your seat before the show starts (even if you leave at five minutes before like we did). Not to mention the drinks are nice and firm-to-strong and the menu has something for everyone's taste. All-around good time.
