5	I joined a bowling league to give me something to do on Monday nights that didn't involve me spending oodles of cash because Mondays for some reason made me want to shop.  I love to shop for anything! So I was a full blown card carrying leaguer but didn't have my own ball UNTIL TODAY, when I went into Bowl 300 "just to look" and see what my options were.I met the nicest man, Mike Calderon, he is the owner and was very knowledgeable and helpful for me to get my first real ball.  We picked one out for me and he took my hand measurements and he drilled the holes to fit me perfectly.  I now have a ball all for me--- just for me.  :o)Not just a ball, but a bag and shoe covers (I already had shoes, but I will be coming back to Bowl 300 for some cool shoes they have there!).Glad I came into Bowl 300 because the service was so fast and friendly and he made me feel excited and happy to be a bowler.  Maybe my average will improve finally!!   YEAH BOWLING!!!!!!!*** and the real 5th star:  He came by the bowling alley to see how I was doing with the new ball.  Seriously, that was so cool.  The pro shop is in the same strip as the alley.  Talk about serious customer service.
5	Where to start. So many very important points to pass on.First some background. I was a very good bowler about 20 years ago (bowled some pro events in my college days) but kids came along and I more or less stopped bowling to focus on the family more. I am just now starting to show some interest in the sport again now that the kids are bit older. My son and I came down from Alaska to catch some spring training baseball action. Before we left for this trip, I researched Bowling Pro Shops in the Phoenix area as I wanted to pick up a new ball or two for the upcoming nationals tournament in Reno. I was looking for someone who really knew their stuff. I had read about the shop owner of Bowl 300 Pro Shop and everyone who commented on his services was very pleased.Mike is, by far, the best pro shop operator I have had the pleasure of working with.. If you have a desire to be a better bowler, and work with Mike, you will see results, and possibly very quickly. Some highlights of my experience:* Mike is very giving of his time. Superb customer service. Probably the best customer service experience I have had for a while, bowling or otherwise. Mike clearly has a passion for what he does. He enjoys helping others get more out of their game and is generous with his time to work with you on making you a more skilled player if that is what you desire.* Mike is up to speed on the technology of modern bowling balls. Advancements in technology have radically changed bowling balls over the past several years. There are many, many variables which of course means that things can get complex.. Mike does a good job of matching up your game to the new equipment. If you just want a ball that fits and don't care about the tech side, no problem. But if you want to discuss surfaces, weight blocks, Pin Positions, how a ball reads the mid lane, etc. then no problem.* Mike will not try and upsell you. He is honest. If he thinks the best ball for you is one that costs $60, he will suggest that one, and not one that cost $160.* The best value in a bowling ball, in my opinion, is one that fits you properly. No problems here. He will probably get the drilling right the first time, but if adjustments are needed he would make them until the ball is right for your unique hand and bowling style. * Innovation. You can actually several balls before making a buying decision. I am not aware of any other pro shop that has this sort of service. No extra fees for this. Unreal. I tried several balls to see which one fit me best for my style. This is a huge advantage relative to other shops that don''t let you try a ball before the purchase. You don't want to spend $200 plus dollars on a ball, get it drilled without throwing it first and discover it doesn't do what you thought it would. Again, this is true innovation and all respectable shops should offer the same opportunity to demo equipment before purchase. * Mike has some great stories. Funny guy. Good communicator. Great storyteller. You won't be bored while in the shop.Only improvement I could see would be a black lab or bulldog hanging out in the stop. Just seems like that would make the place complete. If I could give ten stars I would. Phoenix is lucky to have this shop around. Again, if you desire to be a better player, you will get there much quicker going to Bowl 300 Pro Shop. Superb.
5	Stopped in to get my first custom ball drilled and met Mike. A few customers were in line ahead of me so everyone hung out with Mike while he drilled and fitted some bowling balls. I've never had a better time waiting in line :-)Mike measured my hand and drilled my ball for a perfect fit right on. You can tell he has great experience doing what he does and has great customer service. I will be a customer for life and look forward to improving my game with his help and some new bowling balls.
5	I was looking around for a pro shop and I came across this gem. Once I open the door Mike the owner is very knowledgable and always has a great story to tell and made me feel like part of a family. I haven't bowled for awhile and Mike made an excellent recommendation for an amazing bowling ball and drilled my ball while I waited. If you are looking for excellent customer care and amazing support for the right product, look no further this pro shop is for you!
5	This is a place you dream of. I am very new to the sport. I am getting involved because I have a lot of time on my hands and frankly am bored to tears. I want to get going, but slowly. Mike totally made me feel at ease. He agreed let's start with shoes and a wrist guard and nothing else. Due to my disability I have a tight budget. I also deal with chronic pain so I must be careful on how much I lift. This of course will play into the ball I buy. He didn't try to talk me into anything else. He pointed out I should just go and have fun first. After I learn more then I can buy a ball. So many places want the sale..... he cares if you come back. His place is small but what he has is all very nice. I was surprised when the time does come for a ball you can get something very nice for under 200. I don't know how good or serious I will get. But either way he is the man to deal with.
