4	They just opened and this was my 2nd visit!LOVE the donuts, fresh even at 3:00 in the afternoon. Wonderful variety of donuts including smoothies, hot coffee, and bagels!Staff has to be the friendliest I have seen in awhile. Shop is not fancy but very clean. My oldest daughter even checked out the bathroom this afternoon and I have been told "very nice Mom!"If you haven't come in to try them, you should!
5	The place is very clean, staff is friendly, and they claim best donuts in town. Well, they are!!!
3	When I came here I got half a dozen donuts and one of those boba drinks. The donuts were really good, but I wouldn't say they were any better than a Dunkin Donuts or Krispy Kreme. The boba drink was so good though! I'm really happy they have those. :)
3	This is what we needed, real fresh baked donuts. Knocks the pants off big chain donuts any day! If you haven't tried them yet you need to!
3	The donut itself is 5 stars. However the fillings are one star. We tried three different donuts: Coconut cream, boston cream, and raspberry glazed. All three we thought the actual donut part was amazing, fresh, light, fluffy, warm gooey goodness! The fillings however were mediocre (Boston and coconut) to really horrible (raspberry). I will definatly go back for a non filled donut but not filled. I wish they would use higher quality filling :( all three had only a very subltle tast and the raspberry was downright wierd.
4	The donuts were really good and reasonably priced. The service was just ok. The coconut cream filled donut was a 5 star hands down. However the raspberry filled wasn't that good. It had an odd flavor. Not really raspberry, just kind of sugar and gel without any reall fruit taste. They were out of a few different kinds that I originally wanted because it was later in the day so I will be back to try them.
5	The donuts are huge and yummy.  just wish they offered breakfast burritos like other locations do.
4	Glad to have this place this far out in the East Valley! Small but nice selection of doughnuts and a few pastries. Great selection of beverages including Boba, Thai Tea, Soft Drinks, Coffee and Smoothies.
2	Nothing special about these donuts. The ones that they gave me were either one or two days old. Dry and tasteless. You're better off going to a gas station to get your donuts.
2	I was very disappointed in the service I received at this Bosa Donuts shop.  Server was non responsive to my requests, filled the drink cups only about three-fourths full and didn't really seem she cared if I was happy with what I got from her store.  Found out that she was the sister of the owner, so I recommend to the owner to not hire family.  Unfortunately won't be going back.  Dunken Donuts shop right across the street so I recommend you go there instead.
5	Best donuts!! And the service is good and fast. My family highly recommends Bosa donuts over any donuts.
5	I'm a fan of Bosa donuts. I have a Dunkin' Donuts a stone's throw away from my house and I choose to drive 20 minutes away to the closest Bosa Donuts instead. I've been a fan of Bosa since I first went to the chandler location years ago, but for some reason this one is my favorite. Bosa has more options than any other donut shop I've been to and the raised donuts are much larger than other places as well. They also have more options in their drink fridge. This Bosa in particular always has a great selection and gets you in and out very quickly. My only complaint is that there isn't a drive through like other locations have.
5	Whenever I get a craving for donuts, this place comes to mind. They have some of the most delicious donuts around. I've been here multiple times and they don't disappoint, unless you give in to a late evening craving and find that when you arrive all your favorites are sold out (true story.) They seem to switch up the flavors everyday, but the maple and strawberry glazed buttermilk bars, coconut donut, and cherry fritters are fantastic. Just be sure to go early in the day to have a full variety to choose from. And if you're feeling particularly adventurous, get a boba drink. I dare you. (Boba drinks: A smoothie with large tapioca pearls you suck up a huge straw with the smoothie. As scary as that sounds, it's better than you think. Taro is a sweet, nutty flavor that's my favorite, honeydew tastes like bubblegum, and coconut is a safe.classic. There are more flavors but those are the three I order.)
5	The BEST donuts in town, and great, fast service!! I never have to wait more than a minute even if there is a line, great quality good and service!
2	Very filthy floors trash overflowing restrooms filthy and the automatic light turns off to quickly. So go fast.  No seat covers in restroom. DOGNUT were ok but a not so favorable experience
1	I like cravin donuts than this place. Cravin donuts opeen 24/7 best and fresh donuts in east valley.
