1	Awful management and service!  I placed an online order and it was going to take 95 minutes, I called to confirm and they said they had only one delivery driver working!  They did not offer any type of compensation for future order, I will never order again.  Dominoes and Pizza Hut are far better options!Wayne Gorsek
1	Will never order again!  Have had three times and the pizza is full of salt and sorry  excuse for a pizza!
4	I picked up a pizza from this location for the first time tonight.  The pizza was hot, fresh and delicious.  The ordering and pickup process was professional and efficient.  "I'll be back!"
2	Well the pizza here is good. It is always fresh and hot. Best fast food pizza around. But the service was terrible!!! Took almost 2 hours to get my delivery and let me tell you I was not happy about that. They need more delivery drivers and maybe a better management team. I mean it's just pizza people.
4	Picked up a pizza and breadsticks tonight. Great food, and friendly service. Great visit.
1	Ordered the new Double Layered Premium Pepperoni Pizza.  Picked it up and they were out of the premium pepperoni.  The manager didnt even tell me. They didnt say a word till I went back in, because all I had was a pepperoni pizza.  No sorry or warning or anything.  Pizza was really bad as well.  This place has been going down hill for at least a year.  I finally learned my lesson.
2	Always great delivery service here. However, whenever I ask for "Chicago Cu"t (in squares) they simply ignore it about 50% of the time. I usually have to call after I place the order online to make sure they cut it right. How hard can following simple order instructions be? ARGG!
2	My experiences with papa johns have always been good until I came to this particular store. The pizza itself was good, but the trouble I had getting it makes me not want to go back. They barely spoke English so it took them forever to get my order correct and to add on I had to wait about 20 minutes for my pizza. I was the ONLY one in the store. Not to mention when I finally got the pizza it wasn't hot. It was sorta warm but they could have done much better.
1	Cashier was very rude. Will not return to this location again. Stay away!
1	I found a roach in my pizza box. 2 slices already eaten. I would never patronize Papa Johns again.
2	I used to love Papa John's pizza a lot. This is our neighborhood store and for the past several years we have ordered both take out and delivery from them. The pizza has been okay - not the best. The other night we had to be somewhere at 7:30 (on a Tuesday) and ordered delivery from them at 6:00. An email said the pizza would be here in 20-30 minutes. At 6:45 we called to ask where the pizza was and at 7:15 it still wasn't here so we cancelled it since we had to leave and were already late. At 7:25 the guy showed up with the pizza. We told the guy we cancelled it and he left. If you are on a time schedule and want pizza from this Papa John's order early.
1	$39.00 for two medium pizzas and an order of breadsticks. I'll save that money for a weeks worth of Pizza Hut next time.
1	Worst papa johns ever !!!! Ordered twice here and got my order wrong twice. Didn't even apologize and just told me "dude, we can make another one in 10min!"
