4	I will start by saying there is typically nothing I hate more than an Irish pub, they are always corny, the beer is usually border line terrible, and the decor almost always cheesey.However, when I saw how full the patio was I had to give Hurley's a try. I headed in and dared to order a pint of the black, and was very excited to be served a good pint of Guinness, probably the best I have had in Canada. The bar man was kind and attentive. Although there was a certain cheese factor like all other Irish pubs, this one lacked the over the top cheesiness which kept it tolerable. Another bonus, in addition to the patio in front there is also a good side patio in the back with heaters which pump out, well, heat.The patrons in this pub were great craic; mostly filled with tourists it was nice and social, a friendly place. I felt if I walked in the next day people may have really known my name.I would definately recommend this place to start out your night on Crescent!
4	Labyrinthine Irish pub serving up a well poured Guinness. We were wandering Ste Catherine Street, when one of our group suggested Hurley's. The terrace was full, the downstairs rooms were full, and we wandered upstairs where we found a virtually empty bar with just the barman, a waitress and a bar back. After joshing us about the bar being "staff only", we sat down and ordered drinks. I got a nicely poured Guinness. It wasn't a "perfect pour", but it was a good one. The staff was friendly and attentive, even after the bar filled up to listen to the live music. Hurley's is an honest bar in the cheesy Ste Catherine street area.
3	On a recent pilgrimage back to the motherland, I met up with a bunch of old friends from the hood and we went to Hurley's for finger food and drinks. Somehow I blinked and it was 1am. Food was OK, drinks were in my hand and the band played in another room so we hardly heard them. It's a bar on Crescent street in Montreal in the Summer during Jazz Fest and it wasn't packed with teenagers... all good in my book.
4	This place was fun as hell. Met a cool group of canadians. Drinks were good. St. Catherine street is always fun. Always stopped in here tho. Probably cuz all my buddy's were irish and went just for the name. haha
3	I stopped in after climbing the stairs to Mount Royal Park today, a humid day.The Keith's was refreshingly cold.  The wings were so-so.The patio is a great place to relax and people-watch.
4	Stopped by here with a friend looking for somewhere to get some hearty food so I could warm up. (Yes, it was only -1C, but hey - I'm a Californian. I was cold!)The place is pretty much your quintessential Irish pub. Lots of old wood, real dart board (don't see enough of those), and a well crafted Guinness. I went for the lamb stew, which was huge (and tasty). My friend went for the shepherd's pie which he enjoyed.There wasn't necessarily anything that stood out. Like I said - it was through and through your quintessential Irish pub. And there is not a single thing wrong with that.
4	This place was teeming with young, fun, boisterous people when I came to Montreal for a visit. On a short weekend trip with some girlfriends, I never expected to meet so many friendly strangers. Hurley's was the perfect pit stop for some beers and food while enjoying a night out on the town!
4	So I had to hit the oldest Irish pub in Montreal.I really liked this place.  Multiple levels, old pub feel.  They serve food, but I only got beer.  Watched a rugby match (France v Wales) with a bunch of hooligans.  I like that kind of thing.A very fun place to hang out.  The beers were good, the bartender was knowledgable, and didn't mind us asking questions about the area.  Overall a must stop if you are in the neighborhood.
4	Awesome place for an old pub feel with live music and good drinks. The people in there were nice and the waitresses are cool.
4	Loved Hurley's.  Came for a quick drink and a bite before our flight back to Vancouver and thoroughly enjoyed the sunny patio and great atmosphere.  I had the poutine but it was quite sweet so not too impressed (I think they cooked the fries in the same oil as my friends yam fries, yuck).  The waitress was kinda pissed at me for not loving the poutine exclaiming "but we're known for our poutine".  Anyway, I still really enjoyed it there and will make it a definite go-to place next time I'm in town.
5	If you are looking for the best food in any Irish pub in the Montreal area, Hurley's Irish Pub is the hands down winner. Live music and the best Guinness pour, friendly staff and folks from all over converge right here.
4	Decent food, excellent outdoor area. I believe it could exceed your expectations. For three, with booze, CAD 77, less tip.
4	I've been to Hurley's quite a few times... especially after I started staying at the Quality Inn (right across the street). It's a very cool multilevel bar with a couple patios out front. Typical bar food & drinks. But there's always a cool crowd filling up the place. Quite a few TVs to catch a game and they occasionally have live bands. It's also known to be a hangout for TV/Radio/Print media after hockey games at the Bell Centre.
5	My first time last night.This is a great pub people are friendly ,staff are great.Mike behind the bar connected very well with the patrons.being an Irish person did not hurt. The beer was cold and tasted great. What more do you need from pub other than music and authentic decor, and they had that too
1	A moment-by-moment description of why hurling might be better than going to Hurley's:Our friend tried to order us some veggie burgers before we got there, but they came back and told her that they had just run out.This was just in time for the kitchen to close.The waitress refused to list the beers on tap ("Listen, there are 38.") or to give us a menu listing them.She also neglected to bring me water, which was the only thing I asked for after 16 hours of flying internationally.She cautioned us that one of the IPAs was bitter... A friend politely disagreed, and she kindly and condescendingly informed us that IPAs are bitter.  It was helpful, considering I had chosen that particular night to taste my first beer. #puttingthe'patron'inpatronizingIt was overpriced, about $9 CA for one particular pint.And the worst part? *no one* would join our friend in trying to get her Irish jig on to the live fiddle music.  Luckily, we had four more days to change our minds about the city from our introduction via this basement bar.  Know what else is underground? Hades. And hipsters. It's no coincidence.
5	A trip to Montreal would not be complete without a mandatory night out at Hurley's Irish Pub! This place is one of my all-time favorite Irish pubs outside of New York. Central downtown location, situated along Rue Crescent off the main Ste. Catherine's Ouest, makes this a perfect pre night out stop - or spend the entire night here like I did.Hurley's is housed in an old Brownstone and has a cavernous feel to it with many nooks to settle in to. The main floor has a small but loaded centrally located bar. Nightly, traditional Irish musicians usually fill the back and produce some real authentic Irish tunes for a nice vibe. Upstairs also has nightly music, but usually more contemporary musicians - think U2 cover bands. During the winter months, the upstairs has nice fireplace going to sit around while you down your pints of Guinness.My friends and I stopped in for a couple of pints on our way out and found out the band SOLSTICE was playing this night! We saw them play last year here. They were so good that we decided to change our plans and stay here to catch this extremely talented band. We're glad we did because within moments of them starting, the place seriously packed out! (Think of 40 Irish jiggers in a room that holds 20 - lmfao, it was insane!)Service was great as always! Don't understand these reviewers who claim to have had cold and indifferent service? These folks are so welcoming and hospitable. Never had one bad experience any of the times I went here. They serve pretty decent pub food as well; we split nachos platter $11.95 (enough for 3), Hurley's burger $8.95, and Guinness Stew $15.50.  Thanks for another great night out, we had such a blast and can't wait for next time!!!
4	Great location, great selection of brews.   Very friendly wait staff.   Loved the ambiance.   We'll be back.  Hey it's right downtown.
5	Great food, great beer, awesome live music! Best Irish pub in Town
5	Ok Bill Hurley has been named Irishman of the year, so needless to say that this is the place to start when naming the best Irish Pub's in Montreal,Located in the basement of the building it is a large space with various little rooms.  You can access the second floor but there is no real bar atmosphere, better to stay downstairs, unless your there to eat.Hurley's open very early and closes very late, they have very good live music, guaranteed to make the (slightly warmed up Irishman/women), tear up as they sing along.During the St-Patty's day events, they open up some outdoor space in the back to make more room.The food is actually good for pub fair and the prices are reasonable.
5	This place has always had a special spot in my heart and in the hearts of most locals, it's old and rambly and comfortable like a real Irish pub ought to be. The layout, wrapping around the sunken level (my favourite) out to the terrasses and up to the stately polished bar on the second floor, gives the feeling of small rooms. Hurley's at times is shire-like with it's low stone walls, low red leather chairs, and corner couches lit with glowing gold globed chandeliers to give a warm not too dark but still romantic glow. Here yesterday I was happy peeping grey haired, soft spoken folks in close personal conversations over wine and pints, sitting right next to young professionals and even scruffy, paint splattered, uke-slinging internet nerds  like us. The soup of the day was an unexpectedly delicious rice and chicken, and the deep fried mozzarella sticks and hot wings were piled high, crisp, fresh tasting and pub perfect.
3	Came here with a few friends.  We walked in one open door, and stood around. Nobody checked on us.  We went in another door, and waited around to be greeted. No ody did. Eventually the bartender told us to just grab a table. As we entered, we marveled at the Irish atmosphere, we got menus and beer list quickly.  We ordered our food.  I went with the Guinness stew, and an appetizer of the stinger dip.  I also ordered a Smirnoff ice. (not the fru-fru girly drink it is in the state, but a much more potent and tasty vodka-made drink in CA) We got the dip shortly after, and it was quite delicious.  Whatever herbs and components they added to the hot sauce worked to weaken it's potent-ness. It was great. Bread to dredge through the sauce soaked up the favors wonderfully.     My Guinness stew was also very good. It was thick like a heavy sauce,  with large chunks of beef and carrots and tomatoes and potatoes. Not anywhere near a soup consistency. That was when service started to drop off.      The waitress came by less and less after we got our food.  At one point we realized we had been waiting nearly an hour for our last drink orders we had placed. A band arrived while we were eating. Ok, so it's an Irish pub, with Irish food, and a nice Irish feel....was kinda messed up when the band broke out with a Bob Dylan song, and then a Beetles song.  Really nice guys, and their music was good, but their music just didn't mesh well with the atmosphere of the place. I actually asked one of the band members how I went about paying our bill, as it'd been a good forty-five minutes before we saw our waitress again.  One of the band members actually got up and went over to the owner and asked for us.   To recap: Great great food,  Great great Irish atmosphere, service is spotty at best. Great place overall, just try to keep a short leash on the waitress.
3	Stopped by for an early lunch and was first customer of the day. Staff were accommodating and let me sit wherever I liked. I choose inside behind the bar area as it was very hot out and I had been walking a lot.  Had the chicken sandwich with their 'special' sauce. Not sure what the sauce was other than quite tasty. It started to fill up when I was half done with my meal.  Rue crescent is pretty cheesy but hurleys was a good place for a casual lunch.
2	Long wait for a waitress to take our order and an inordinate amount of time waiting for her to bring two Guinnesses to the table. And then a long wait for the check. We were going to stay and order some food but bailed. I don't be back.No wi-fi, or at least if there was, I wasn't able to connect to it.
5	"May your Guardian angel be at your side to pick ya up off the floor and hand ya another cold stout"Yep I LOVE this place. I love its dark corners, it's twists and turns and seeing the usual faces.  It's like a warm familiar hug. Be it early afternoon and I'm just chillin' with a beer on the terrasse, or stumbling' in late in the evening and staying till last call, it feels like home. *sigh* Welcome home. Fuggedaboutit'
5	My wife and I ate here last time we were in town, the food was great, the beer was great. Mark was our server and he rocked. We started with nachos, they were well cooked and full of toppings. Followed it up with the lamb stew which was excellent!My wife had the club sandwich, it was huge. Great bread, awesome topping and the fries it came with were amazing.Go here!
5	I can't believe this wasn't my first Yelp review. Hurleys is my favorite Irish pub in all of Montreal and I've been going there for years! It's a traditional Irish pub with dimly lit corners that kind of feels like your living room (OK, depending on where you sit). It's laid out onto two floors, with terrasses in front and out back. Upstairs, you will find a cozy corner, equipped with a fireplace (See? Just like your living room). Despite it's size, on weekends, they really pack it in and you will often find yourself standing. On occasion, you will feel like a sardine but hey - that's the price you pay when frequenting one of Montreal's best pubs. That said, the vibe is awesome and you easily forget that you don't have a seat. In terms of food - love it. Their fish and chips are amazing (the batter is super crispy), and the Hurleys Club is equally good. They are very generous with their portions and if you've got fries coming your way, you HAVE to ask for their curry mayo. It is SO good. There's live music from some pretty awesome bands (like Salty Dog and Solstice) from Thursday to Saturday night, if I'm not mistaken, so it's a great place to hang out with friends and/or meet new people.
4	We've been coming here for some years now during our visits for F1.  It's just down the street from where we stay so its also convenient.   It has a great party atmosphere that's for sure and a great selection of beers.  If you are lucky enough to come on the days before and after the races you will be pleasantly surprised with excellent service and room to breath   During the F1 you go at your own risk knowing the place is very popular. Food:  we had wings again but this time my hubbie also had the curry of the day (lamb) and it was excellent.  The wings are ok; the sauce is an odd colour orange but is tasty but it came back on us afterwards for some time. It's a great local bar!
3	I always stop by for a quick beer or two when I return home to Montreal. This is one of the pubs I grew up in during college & university. Given the close proximity to hotels and Crescent street, they get a lot of tourists.Hurley's is 100% old school and looks like as a traditional Irish pub should but is beginning to look a little dated. It's spread out over two floors with lots of separate seating areas, private corners and a large patio in front. Despite the large size, it gets really busy Thursday - Saturday. My recent visit was a Sunday night and it was dead.The crowd is broadly mixed - students, locals, tourists, suits and regulars. Its one of those places you just feel comfortable hanging out with friends and enjoying a few beers. You will likely meet new friends as well. Hurley's have a number of beers on tap but they offer none of the amazing Quebec craft brews. With all the amazing Montreal brew pubs relatively close by, I'm less motivated to hang around or visit as often.  In fairness, Hurley's is not necessarily competing with the brew pubs (although one moved in next store), it's more about a relaxing friendly environment, drinking with friends and enjoying live music spread over two floors. The staff are friendly and engage in conversation. I recommend sitting near the bar areas - I find the service is better as staff tend to gravitate towards the bar (especially when it's not busy).If your interested in an evening of social drinking and fun, Hurley's will certainly do the trick... but if your after interesting local beers, you will likely be disappointed. BK
5	My favorite pub in Montreal! I personally love visiting this place, particularly during the winter months and watch hockey games with friends. There's plenty of beer on tap, at decent prices and service is generally efficient for a pub despite having to answer the silliest questions by new patrons.Let me break this down.There is close to 40 beers on tap. DO NOT ask the waitress "What's on tap?". You're wasting your time. You're wasting her time. Get up beforehand and take a looksie. If you didn't, excuse yourself and go take a looksie instead of asking this silly question. Make a couple of mental notes and ask her your specific beer questions. Not only are they quite pretty and friendly but also quite knowledge of their beers!Once your questions are answered, order away.I'm also a fan of their Guinness Stew. It's hearty and memorable. Is it cold outside? Yes? Then this will hit the spot along with your favorite beer(s) on the side.My only issue about the place? Location! Parking is bloody difficult around these parts, especially on game nights. Expect to either pay for parking, to find parking FAR FAR AWAY or being lucky to find a parking space within a mile of this place!
3	After coming from another nearby local pub which was kind of quiet, it was nice to walk into a bit more crowded, louder Hurley's.We mingled through the crowd for a bit and eventually found a seat. I was impressed that our server found us so quickly and often given the crowd. I was in celebration mode since it was a bachelor party and therefore had many shots and mixed drinks as opposed to draught beers which I would have been nice to try. Our waitress was quite efficient and a get-down-to-business gal. No time for small talk which was fine given the crowd. Our drinks arrived promptly, correctly and often which was paramount. The live music was great. They played lots of great tunes. The crowd was a nice mix in local and tourists from various age groups. Everybody I talked to seemed friendly and was just out to have a good time. It just seems like a very comfortable place and I like that. On the whole, Hurley's was a good experience. A fun Irish pub I would definitely check out again if I'm in the area.
5	discovered this pub by mistake...great chill, down to earth vibe. bunch of Rugby players were celebrating their game so that made it interesting.great live music too!http://instagram.com/p/eRYh4Yo1Hc/
1	Very very bad. First of all, the service is bad. We had to go inside and find our waitress ourselves, and everything is slow. The food is also not good, the burger meat patty taste bad, and the bread bun is bad, and I don't like they put blue cheese in the burger, it ruins everything. And with such bad service and bad food, they expect at least 15% tips. Worst pub I ever been to.
5	Good food, at a reasonable price, friendly and helpful wait staff. Highly recommended.
2	After reading the other reviews I can only assume they were having a VERY off night. From the moment we walked in, things did not go well. We were not acknowledged for about 10 minutes by the waitress. When we finally got her attention and let her know that we had a reservation for a friends b-day party we were told the reservation was cancelled because we didn't show up. Well, we were right there, we had been 5-10 minutes late and then waited 10 minutes for someone to talk to us. At least there was place to sit, so we grabbed a table and waited another 10 before the waitress came to ask if we wanted menus.Finally we ordered a drink and when she came back we asked if we could order some appetizers while we waited for the rest of our party. She told us we had to wait for the next server because she was closing out. I've worked in a restaurant before, so I understand this, but that being said, I think it's pretty standard to punch in the order and then transfer it over to the new waitress when she comes in! She must have seen that we were not impressed because she came back about 5 minutes later saying the new server hadn't show up so she would punch our food it.The appetizers were ok, nothing special. The wings were a bit on the cold side - just tasted re-heated and not made to order. Fried zucchini and sweet potato fries were fine.When the rest of our party arrived and we ordered our dinners, the mains were much worse. I had a corned beef sandwich, which was the special, the bread was stale as if it had been sitting out all evening, the meat was cold and chewy and the cheese was dry and hard. I barely ate half the sandwich and the new waitress did not even question it. It would have been nice if she had at least asked if every thing was ok.On top of this, the first waitress didn't tell the new waitress to take our table, so we were completely ignored for about half an hour, with empty glasses and new people at our table.The only saving grace of the night was the live music, it was a Monday night, two guys playing classic rock music, really talented and friendly guys. They're the only reason this review gets two stars because the service and the food really sucked.
5	By all means this is the most authentic Irish pub in Montreal. This feeling is even stronger if you end up in the pub in the early afternoon when the music is very low volume and people quietly mind their business over a pint. Two floors with several bars, different sets of tables and some cosy sections, certainly a pub you can find your preferred place to sit and enjoy your Guiness. The black creamy liquid is not a single choice in the pub, endless list of beers on tap, nice variety of whiskeys makes it perfect place to meet friends and enjoy your time together. There is a life music every night, the best is when you end up listening to some of the resident bands who have warmed up so many Christmas parties with some of my best buddies at work. Well Hurley's certainly brings memories if you have been visiting long enough.The five stars for the pub are because of our bar tender yesterday, she did a wonderful demo how to poor slowly Guinness and took care of the fire when for the first time in so many years I finally made it to the most wanted spot in this pub during the winter, the magic fire place.
4	From quaint and quiet, to loud and boisterous, Hurley's has it all! Depending on time of the night you can have a quiet conversation or hear a local band. Either way, the cider is good, the space comfortable and like a pub you'd want to be your local. Of course good company is important, but I feel like you could probably strike up a conversation with a stranger and have just as good of a time here.
3	We had a good but not great experience at Hurley's last night, when we made a special trip to check out their Burns Night (Scottish celebration).Upon our arrival, we were invited to seat ourselves, and spent a few minutes wandering around the warren of rooms to try to find a table. We ended up upstairs in the second room with a stage set up for a live band later in the evening.Menus and beers came promptly, but something went wrong with our supper. It took over an hour from time of ordering. To the server's credit, he took the initiative to follow up with the kitchen when he noticed how long we had been waiting. The food was pretty tasty when it arrived -- seemed to be good-quality ingredients, a bit heavy-handed with the salt. My burger was a bit worse for wear (tough on top and soggy on the bottom from sitting under a heat lamp waiting for my husband's bangers and mash to be ready is my guess). Menu prices included taxes, which made for a nice surprise when we paid the bill. The pub really filled up at the end of the Canadiens game, and perhaps also due to the popularity of the band. The atmosphere was very friendly and laid-back.Our reason for going to Hurley's was their promised Robbie Burns celebration, with piper, Highland dancers, the address to the haggis, etc. The layout of the pub really wasn't ideal for such a thing, as we crowded into a small room downstairs to hear the toast but couldn't see or hear much over the general ruckus. We left without getting a taste of haggis.
5	This place is great. Didn't eat, just drank, so can't comment on the food but our service was good, the patrons were friendly and the music (Solstice) was AWESOME! It's a bit cavernous and has somewhat low ceilings, so if that's not your thing you may prefer somewhere else on Cresent. For me it's pub nirvana. Thanks for a great night I'll never forget!
4	Hurley's is my favourite pub and Montreal. Between the live music, the awesome patio, and the more than ample seating, it's been my go-to place since I moved to this city,.especially for first dates.The reason I've rated it four stars instead of five comes down to two issues:1) The food isn't the greatest. The pub fare is inconsistent and often too greasy or cold, and the vegetarian options are non-existent.2) The prices at Hurley's are, across the board, higher than just about any where else - significantly so.It's still my favourite, but I'd go there more often if it wasn't so expensive.
5	Awesome food.Got the French onion soup which had hints of Guinness inside and tons of onion. The Irish beef stew was perfect. Melt in your mouth potatoes and meat. Really pleasantly surprised. Friends got the chicken tenders and nachos. Their fries are really really good. Buttery good. Kind of want to know how they fry them so well. The chicken was lightly fried and had spices mixed in so it had a bit of bite after eating but still great none the less. Next time I want to try their poutine with those dang frites. Service was alright. Really nice waiters compared to the McKibbins where we went first before getting rudely ignored as we tried to get a seat. We walked out and drove here. So we were pleased by the friendliness. We grabbed a seat but it felt like no one was around so there was a bit of a wait. It was also really really loud due to some rowdy people at the bar but that was to be expected. Weirdest thing is that they don't have Shepherds pie. Kind of Irish pub staple but the stew more than made up for it.
4	In the backyard, when is not winter, this place is always a good option to hang out, relax,have a drink, listen good music and discover the wheel again...
5	Fantastic food at this authentic Irish Pub. I highly recommend their Irish Stew! Great food, great environment. Can't go wrong.
1	Do not order the fish and chips. It was inedible. I went home and had a bagel, which was much better.
3	Stopped in here for a beer to check out the Friday night scene. It was an older crowd than the college like scene at Brutopia next door. Everyone was pretty drunk. There was a live Irish band playing which was fun to watch. Overall cool bar with a fun atmosphere.
5	I've never eaten here. Confused this pub with another Irish pub
