4	We've been coming to this place for years. The service is great, they've been nothing but honest with us, and their price estimates are always on the money when the work is finished. I don't like that the price of a diagnostic isn't credited towards the shop work that they ultimately do. If you go for a diagnostic then leave, sure charge people. But if the work is done there, credit at least part of the diagnostic fee towards the subsequent work.Honestly, if I had another mechanic that I really trusted who was cheaper, I'd probably go there. I keep coming back here because I trust the mechanics and the work they do, and I bite the bullet on the price.
5	While driving on the 101 Freeway in Phoenix, my car accelerator went out, a very scary thing to happen in rush hour!  I had my car towed to the location where I was staying and called Wilhelm's the next morning.  They came and towed it to their shop and analyzed what needed to be done, called me with the results for approval and completed the work within a few hours.  When they were finished, they called me back and asked if I wanted to have them do a free analysis for any further problems.  The staff was VERY understanding, courteous, honest and charged me reasonably.  The actual repair only took 3 hours.  Great job!  Wilhelm's saved the day for me and helped to make my stay in Phoenix pleasant.
5	Wilhelm automotive has some of the best and most ethical people in the entire industry. I am always so pleased with my experience and really appreciate working with Wilhelm. I would definitely recommend Wilhelm to any one. They will always be honest and make sure you are well taken care of.
5	Got me right in and now I am assured my preowned car is in tip top shape! No hidden fees and the employees and atmosphere was very pleasant. I will continue to take my hybrid here for regular service. See you in 5,000 miles!!
5	These people are amazing! Took my 2004 Ford Taurus for repairs they were fair, honest and stood by their work. I highly recommend! Thanks Jacob and team!!
5	The Place is super clean, and guys are very professional, They did not try to upsell me at any point and in fact did several thing as a courtesy for free! Great Job! This is the only place going forward, I will take my classics as well as my hybrid!
