5	Love the K9 Playland in Charlotte! They are a great spot to keep your puppy during the day while you are at work or just cant spend the time socializing with your puppy. The staff is fun and friendly and their grooming services are great!
5	Definitely love the great employees at K9 Playland, they are by far my favorite pet sitting service. Our puppy has a great time everyday that she is at K9, and I know that I can trust that she is well supervised in a safe area. Thanks for the great experience!
5	I have taken my pup, Buena, here many times for both doggie day care and boarding over the weekend.  The owners/staff are always happy to see us and always take good care of Buena.  Best part is she comes home totally exhausted!
5	I took my dog here for the first time ever today and will definitely be coming back soon! They groomed him (for a reasonable price woot woot) and kept him there until I was able to pick him up from work. They said the groomer is there during the wk and not during the wknd so it was nice to have the option of dropping him off before work and picking him up at the end of the day. They called me to let me know he was ready and how he did. Very friendly staff too! And now? He is absolutely wiped out from playing with other doggies all day. As much as I love him, I love it when he is in chill mode. Yay for K9 Playland!
5	K9 Playland still holds a five star rating with me. Since originally taking my dog there to be groomed, I've boarded him as well and his stay has been great.  He is ultra happy when I pick him up and the staff knows him by heart along with his little quirks. Love this place!!
5	Even though I've moved from Dilworth to Cotswold, I still bring my dog, Maeby, to K-9 a few times per month because she loves it so much. The staff know her by name and she always comes home completely exhausted. My only complaint is I wish they had grass for dogs to use the restroom on, but I am glad it is an indoor/outdoor facility!
5	Took my dog here for the first time last weekend and I couldn't be happier.  The staff obviously really cares about the dogs and that makes me much more at ease.  When I came to pick up my dog, they knew his name as soon as I walked in the door.  Little things like that make you feel so much more comfortable when leaving your loved one overnight.  My dog seems to love this place and I plan to start taking him to daycare now.  Thanks to the K9 Playland staff!
1	Was a total disappointment!   Bought a Groupon for Spa Grooming Services.  Their ad was very misleading about the service they provided. Spa Grooming was basically a bath and nail trim.. they said they did ears, and anal glands, but your would never know it.  No haircut, no pads trim or ear hair was part of the deal, which most every groomer I have been to that is part of the price. They wanted extra for everything! It was like it was all ala' carte services.  The ad stated that they normally charged $55.00 for the service and the Groupon was $20.  Sounded like a deal right? I can't imagine why anyone would pay $55, for only a Bath and nail trim.  There was fine print on the groupon which explained the services provided, but it left you with the impression that it was in addition to a basic spa grooming package.  I could have bathed a 7 pound dog in the sink very easily, it wasn't like he was some huge dog requiring extra work. Very high priced for very little in services!  I have been an owner of dogs for over 50 years and never once did something try to claim that grooming didn't include a haircut at the $55 price for a small dog.  For that price, I usually get the Bath, Haircut, Nails Trimmed, Ears cleaned w/ hair pulled, pads trimmed.  The experience certainly didn't make me want to change groomers!  The only positive thing I can say, is the people were very friendly.
5	Yes, Woohoo, as good as it gets!  Awesome business.  The accommodated me as a visitor from NYC - I was only in Charlotte for a few days, but they were very helpful working with my schedule.  Not only that, but my daughter (dog:)) looked amazing when I picked her up!  Will go back!
5	Top notch great service, the really seemed to care about your pet. Complimentary grooming if the stay is over 3 days. Strongly recommend
1	Bought the grooming package from LS a while ago. It was the worst grooming service ever! I requested to cut my dog as a teddy bear look. But after she came out, not only was a total poodle look but also she looked so ugly. On top the of that, I dropped off my dog at 7am. But I wasn't able to pick her up after 3pm! Really?It took a groomer over 7 hours to cut a dog's hair? The grooming service certainly needs to improve . Will never go back again.
1	This is quite a late review but it has been a long grieving process for me. I took my 17 month old King Charles Cavalier to K9 Playland last August while I was away for the weekend. This purebred puppy was in perfect health and completely up to date on his shots. The owner called me when I was just a few hours away from picking him up to say that "something had happened to Henry." She had a lengthy story about how he had plenty of access to water, etc, etc and that after being outside and a nap, he foamed at the mouth, had a seizure and died. She also pointed out that it's typical of the breed to have heart problems. She then took him to an emergency vet to begin autopsy process the following day. She hadn't mentioned which vet so the next morning when I attempted to find out, 3 hours went by where she didn't return my nor my mother's calls. I had to google emergency vets and call down the list to see who had my dog. I spoke at length with his regular vet at SouthPark Animal Hospital, his breeder (a top breeder in Atlanta) to discuss his family medical history--it was perfect, and had both body and tissue autopsies performed. The ONLY thing found was small lesions on his lungs which can either be indicative a heat stroke or of heart disease (he had just been checked in May for a heart murmur and such and he was only 17 months old so the chance of this being heart disease was pretty much none). I was so disgusted with the whole situation from start to finish and so heart stricken to have lost my puppy who was like a child to me that I simply couldn't face the idea of pursuing anything in court and having to face her or anyone else she employs. And no amount of money was going to bring him back. Thus I didn't sue. However I did tell every single person I come in contact with through work (I work for Charlotte Magazine) and I know that the word has spread. And today I'm taking that a step further. Don't take your pets here. I would never wish this possibility on anyone else.
1	This place is really pretty low budget.  The day care aspect isn't terrible because it is really just a bunch of dogs running around an empty room and that isnt to hard to mess up.  The staff is also friendly and but the real disaster of the place is grooming.I took my dog in to get groomed and the groomer cut my dog all the way down to his muscle!!!!  When I picked him up I found out that he was cut 2-3 hours earlier and was just left alone while his arm was bleeding and muscle was exposed.I immediately took him to the vet who was absolutley appauled that he was left alone and untreated after such a serious injury.  After the vet cleaned up all the dried blood around the wound, she cleaned all of the dirt out of the wound!  She then patched his arm up with a few sutures and started him on pain meds and antibiotics for 10 days.We will not be returning and warn all others to seriously consider using a differernt groomer.
1	DON'T TAKE YOUR DOG HERE!!!!!I am in the middle of something similar, though not as tragic as Laurel's review. I'm so sorry Laurel! I had been taking my new puppy Maximus there for a couple weeks for daycare to socialize him. It didn't seem like a horrible place, and Maximus seemed to like some of the dogs.Then, I decided to try their grooming services for Maximus' first puppy cut. BIG MISTAKE! When my fiance went to pick Maximus up a little after 5pm. The employee at the desk said something had happened to Max during grooming. He had been cut by the clippers under his right front leg. They put him in a kennel by himself for 3 hours without any medical attention! They told my fiance we should probably bring him to the vet and then blamed us because his hair was "knotty". We took him to Dilworth Animal Hospital (great place!) right away where they cleaned the wound and luckily only had to use skin glue to repair his wound. His muscle was exposed and K9 Playland didn't think they needed to do anything about it!!!Maximus had to be sedated, take pain killers for 5 days, and be in a cone while taking antibiotics for 10!After that we called the owner demanding an explanation. She was somewhat apologetic but kept saying "these things happen". She did offer to pay the vet bill.But, it has been 3 weeks at least and there has been nothing! We have called multiple times and even stopped by and we can't get a response for when the bill will be paid!We finally got an email from the owner saying "she had been busy" and will seek medical advice on whether or not the vet visit was really necessary! My advice, don't take your dog here. I will continue to tell people what a horrible place this is, in hopes that this doesn't happen to anyone else!On a brighter note. We started taking Maximus to Club Fetch and they are amazing! I highly recommend them!
1	Never taking Bruce here again. Only took him once, they never answered my phone calls or returned my phone calls prior to dropping him off. Our dog was there for four days and three nights, he was limping when we brought him home because his paws had been blistered so badly from the hot asphalt. They obviously weren't monitored properly. He is now missing chunks of skin and cries when you touch his paws. Beware!!!
5	I love K9 Playland! They always try to accommodate my last minute requests to bring my beagle in for a bath or day care. The staff is consistently friendly and I always feel like they're excited to see my pup. I feel confident that he's in good care while he's there.
5	I've loved K9 Playland since the first day I brought in my rescue German Shepherd, Bear, for her trial day. When I picked her up that evening, I got the FULL download on her day -- who she played with, when she napped, when she ate her treats, and further. That was almost a year ago. Bear started out with one day a week, then twice a week... now she goes every day and I couldn't be happier every time I drop her off and pick her up. I know that LeAnna, Erica, Taylor, Noelle and the whole team are keeping a caring eye on her, and that she's in great hands. Plus, since she's a regular, she feels at home underneath the front desk or out back in the kiddie pools. I highly recommend K9 Playland to all of my friends who are looking for a daycare/boarding spot that gives a ton of TLC to the dogs. I know that Bear and I are part of a family at K9 Playland, and we'll keep showing up every day!
5	We take our dog, Toby, there at least once a week. They always have a very friendly staff. Toby is always excited to go and worn out when he comes home! Very clean environment with an indoor and outdoor area. Always a great experience with this place and highly recommend to anyone!
5	If I could give 10 stars I would. Not only are the employees fantastic to me, I know they take such good care of my Beefcake. He bugs out everytime I say daycare because he loves it so much; I know he loves it because the employees are friendly, they treat him well and they love him too. The location is always clean, well maintained and they offer a lot of options: daycare, grooming, boarding, etc. The prices are more than fair (I wish I had more money to take him there more often). He gets to run around, play with everyone and lay around in the pool. Based on their Instagram feed, he sticks mostly to where the water is. I can tell that they genuinely care about my dog and I wouldn't want to take him anywhere else (unless I absolutely had to). I love K9 Playland and so does Beef.
5	I've relied on K9 Playground for both daycare and weekend boarding for two of my dogs, Choco and Rosco, over the course of 2 years. Rosco's a lab mix and requires plenty of exercise while Choco's 11 yrs old and under 15lbs. The staff is very friendly and are capable of caring for a wide spectrum of dogs. I still remember the first day - was quite surprised that they knew my dogs' names and leashes after only the first visit! The prices are fair and the staff is always smiling. I've always had a great experience with this place and would definitely recommend.
5	My dogs love going to K9 play land!!!!! As soon as my Henry sees the building he is yelping and can not wait to get inside to see his friends!!!! Erica and her staff always remembers my baby's name and they love all over him. I have used their day care service and grooming service for both of my dogs. They always come out smelling so fresh and clean! I would highly recommend their services to anyone who is looking for a caring and loving environment for their pooches!
5	Our Bichon, Lucy, LOVES K-9 Playland and so do we! She's well cared-for and is always tuckered out from getting lots of exercise. The facility is clean and Lucy has never come home with any kind of illness. Would recommend K-9 Playland to everyone!
2	Twice I found scratch marks on my dog here. I think there's lack of supervision. From the window inside, it's pretty small and if they have a lot of dogs, they seem not to have any area to play. I wouldn't recommend grooming from what I've read or seen at the daycare. It's very low budget. I'll keep this place as a back up, not my first choice.
5	K9 Playland is great! My dog has enjoyed puppy daycare and grooming here on several occasions. Also, no one (and I mean no one... Dozens have tried at various vets and grooming houses) has been able to cut my dogs nails. One of the groomers here took the time to help my dog conquer his fear of nail clipping. Needless to say this is our new groomer of choice. I'm off to take my dog to daycare here now! Check this place out. You won't be disappointed.
