4	While hunting down a decent meal the other night, my boyfriend and I decided it was time we give fairly new restaurant in our area a try. 5 Saisons Sushi opened a little more than a year ago and we have often thought about eating there, however, on our budget Japanese would be too expensive! On this particular evening, we were ready for a small splurge and took the plunge.After sampling a couple of appetizers and a belly-busting assortment of sushi, I am now convinced that this it is one of Montreal's most authentic Japanese restaurants.While their menu has a large variety of sushi and sashimi choices, the rest of the menu is fairly focused on Japanese cuisine, so you will not find General Tao on the menu beside their Wakame salad. Each dish is presented simply and elegantly with a shot glass containing a fresh edible orchid and some other decorative and edible garnishes, secured in place with a dab of freshly made wasabi.5 Saisons Sushi offers three different types of tuna in their sashimi menu, Maguro (your typical red tuna), Hamachi (farmed yellowtail) and Albacore (white tuna). Many of their rolls are served with shiso leaf (a mint-meets-fennel-like herb), which is not your garden variety sushi ingredient. What's more, their ginger is yellow (not pink), which means that it has not been artificially colored with beet juice. Finally, they served a homemade Ponzu sauce with our order of soft shelled crab.While delving into our delicious first appetizer, I suddenly had a craving for Buri-Kama. Buri Kama is a salt-grilled yellowtail collar, and is spectacularly succulent. I knew it was a long shot, but the waitress returned and offered me Hamachi Kama (still yellowtail, but farmed rather than wild). That is an awesome accommodation, and I readily accepted. My boyfriend had never savored this dish and I was eager to see what he thought of it.When the Hamachi Kama arrived 15 minutes later, it was everything I had been craving and then some. The flavor is all yellowtail, but somehow sweeter and more buttery.5 Saisons selection offers a unique, but not "trendy", selection of maki rolls and chef specialty rolls, and this sets them apart from many of the other sushi restaurants I have been to. They offer several combination plates, as well as a cooked combo for beginners who are not ready for raw fish.We sampled the Honey roll (shrimps, tempura, avocado and sweet potato); the Chocotuna (white tuna sashimi garnished with fresh mango and grilled garlic); the Deep Sea roll (eel, tobiko, mango, shrimp and pepper); and the Rocky, which was probably the best tasting maki we've had in a long time (fresh spicy salmon, grilled salmon, avocado, shiso leaf and tempura). With this we also had orders of the Spicy Tekkie (tuna), a Hotate Dynamite (spicy scallops), and an assortment of sashimi.We finished off our meal with a pot of Genmai-cha tea. This meal could have easily filled 3 or 4 people, so we were pleasantly surprised when the tally arrived! Appetizers, and over 40 pieces of sushi came to just a hint over 90$. While the outward appearance of 5 Saisons restaurant may not give the impression of a must do restaurant: the nondescript building could be just about anything, in fact, I believe it housed a daycare at one point: the quality of the food and the excellent service will definitely have you talking about your next visit.5 Saisons Sushi is located at 5594 A Sherbrooke West just west of Decarie. Monday to Friday they are open for lunch from 11AM until 2:30PM, and 7 days a week for supper from 5PM until at least 9:30PM. The restaurant does not have a liquor license, but welcomes diners to bring their own wine and they do not charge an uncorking fee.
5	Amazing. the experience as well as the food was great. This place burned down and just reopened so we went in for a try. the salmon and tuna sashimi was very good. it had just the right amount of fat on it. they have a lot of unconventional types of sushi we tried the sushi pizza it was little bits a sashimi over a tempura rice. very good.
5	Great, crispy tempura. Amazing avocado rolls (we can't figure out what makes them so great, but they're unusually good!). Very inventive rolls (my favorite is the "Tropical" which has eel, tempura, mango and cream cheese...you wouldn't think the flavors meld but it's wonderful!). Highly recommended and very reasonably priced (as long as you stick to the basic maki rolls; I haven't yet tried the speciality rolls so can't comment on them).
3	I didn't believe my friends when they said this was a major Jew hangout. Sure enough, walking in there, I immediately recognized (not exaggerating) 8-10 friends from the Jewish community. Unfortunately, there wasn't a single on who I actually wanted to seeI worked up quite the bill trying soup, appetizer and main course. The food was good, not great. My sushi, though trendy in appearance, was about the quality you could expect from sushi shop. Even the specialty rolls that cost twice as much didn't well represent the art form of sushi.Nice night out, but food itself (all I care about) isn't worth the money.
4	Nice interior. Restaurant was slammed so it was a while before we saw our waiter, but we ordered the tempura appetizer and the chef's choice for 2 and things came out pretty quickly. We were very satisfied.
4	As per my check-in.
2	Had great quality when it opened but since the renovations a year or two ago the quality is below average. The selection is limited and most rolls taste identical. You can also expect to be yelling to be heard at your table due to the open layout and popularity with large groups.The review would be one star but I need to give credit for the service I received.
4	First experienced at this restaurant and I thought it was really nice,  well presented,  great taste. Prices are comparable to other fine sushi restaurant and I think it is appropriate for what I had. recommended from my experience.
5	Fish was fresh, restaurant is clean and prices are reasonable. Definitely would go back.
