5	Wow!  Twelve days, FOUR new Super Buffets!  Arlin B. joined me today to whip over to this one for their Grand Opening.  It's a beautiful place, & was featuring about 136 food items, not counting sauces & dressings.  The food was delicious, & I particularly liked the Sushi here...  very tasty!  There's a Mongolian BBQ, the table service was friendly & attentive, all the trays were being kept stocked, & there were no shortcomings at all for me.  In fact, this is my favorite of all four of the brand new ones:  Crazy Buffet in Mesa, Fuji Buffet (remodeled & reopened), Mandarin Super Buffet on Bethany Home, & this one.With these four now up & running, one on the way having bombed out (Hibachi Grill on Bell Rd.), two other Hibachis are under construction to replace it, plus another China City, so we still have 3 more new Super Buffets coming to the Valley this year!  Meanwhile, 5 Stars for this one!     :-))
4	A good test of Chinese buffets are their quality towards the end of the day. This place took the golden crab leg!!! Their selection was a mile long, top quality taste, and attentive and quick drink refills. My only complaint was that their desert plates and ice cream bowls weren't replenished as promptly as I'd like, and ice cream toppings are limited to chocolate syrup and rainbow sprinkles. Overall though, you will enjoy this new member to the Surprise community!!!
5	Went to this place for lunch and was impressed. A big selection of food to choose from, very clean and a friendly and attentive staff. Loved the lo mein and those little donut things with sugar. Yum
4	Pretty great! Buffets are never the best but this place was one of the better ones I've been to. Even was brave enough to try some sushi. not bad! If you're in the area give it a try. Also was impressed with the price. 21 bucks for me and my boyfriend and two drinks. Definitely a value!
5	This China City has been open for 3 1/2 months now, so I dropped in for lunch yesterday joined by Mike C. to see if it's still excellent, as it was at the beginning.This time there were 137 food choices out, plus sauces, dressings, & gravies, & everything was still tip-top.  The dining area itself is smaller than average for a "Super Buffet", but the big food selection is right up there in the top group.Today we found the staff to be very friendly & everything about the food & the atmosphere & the pricing just right for this type of place.Some standouts for me today were the delicious Sushi, the excellent Mongolian style BBQ with Kong Pao Sauce, & the great Maple Walnut REAL ice cream, one of four!     :-))Weekday Lunch Buffet $7.99/$7.19 Sr.
4	Well this buffet is pretty good the selections were around 150 , that qualifies them for super buffet in my ratings. Almost everything I ate was good , not a lot of outstanding but a real good lunch. I look forward to a return visit here.
3	This buffet has a nice selection of food.  Many different options, but not many dishes really stand out to me.  I did enjoy the bacon wrapped shrimp which I had not seen at any other Chinese buffets.  I did think it was a little odd to have bacon bits and croutons right next to the desserts.
5	I've been to Chinese buffets around California and Arizona and this has got to be the best.  The sushi was wonderful and there was a wide range of American-Chinese food to Asian Chinese food.  The price was wonderful, the restaurant was clean, and the staff were attentive.  A+
5	Fantastic selection of good food at a reasonable price. My wife loved the endless shrimp and crab legs on weekends.
4	Pretty standard Chinese buffet. It's much better than the one off Litchfield and Bell though!
1	5 MAJOR health code violations.. Its a shame because I really liked this place and the food was pretty good, but I wont be eating there again. http://www.kpho.com/story/19242726/dirty-dining-aug-9-cockroach-falls-on-health-inspector-at-china-city
1	1st off, on the positive...we thought the food was good. We enjoyed the Mongolian Grill.But that's where they lost us as customers. We went up to the Mongolian Grill and the man at the grill cooked our food. Great. Enjoyed it and came back for another dish. After it was cooked, I noticed the man who cooked our grilled food was staring/glaring at me and was mumbling something that I couldn't understand. He then physically picked up a tip bucket/shaked it in front of me and it became apparent to me he thought he deserved a tip than and there. Thinking this was extremely rude, I didn't leave any tip and he muttered something again/made a few noises.Finding it hard to believe how rude that was to treat a customer, I mentioned it to the person who was supposed to be the "manager" and told her calmly about the incident. She basically said "sorry" and left our table and didn't offer anything beyond that.We tip at the end of our meal and are decent tippers for good service which is 99% of the time. In any case, we will NOT be back at this restaurant based on how we were treated by this rude man working at the Mongolian grill. There are too many other dining choices in the valley to have to deal with rude employees.
1	If you're pregnant, stay away from this place.  Seriously, I'm just waiting for my husband and brother in law to start puking with food poisoning.  Even their lemonade is disgusting.  I got a plate with some 'fried rice' and a fried vegetable roll, and was so turned off by the wierd pale yellow color of the rice I couldnt even eat it.
2	Frankly, I was frightened to eat here...but my inlaws really wanted to try it and because I prefer to keep the peace in terms of family relationships, I sucked it up and kept my trap shut. Luckily, my husband reminded my FIL about the recent health department visit where the German cockroach fell on the head of the inspector but it wasn't until after my FIL mentioned how clean the place seemed compared to the other Chinese place....Ok, so our visit was ok. The restaurant was clean, the line was clean, and the staff kept the tables well bussed. The food was EXACTLY THE SAME as the China Buffet over on Litchfield and Bell though. In fact, pretty sure they are the same business because the food was identical in presentation and flavor. The difference with this location is that they have Mongolian BBQ. Well, at least they have a Mongolian BBQ station. It's unmanned. I waited for someone to come...even asked for someone to come...was told it would be "just a minute" but no one ever came. Oh well. It's not like I'm coming back. It would be great to have a Chinese restaurant that is outside the box here in Surprise, but I won't hold my breath.
3	OK I checked this place out for lunch and.....I missed some delicacies, but for the most part the typical fan fair of Chinese food on tap. I was craving pork buns, the sticky rice in green leaves, the small buns with the sweet egg yoke in the middle... Besides those things I found everything else, orange chicken, Mandarin beef, chow mien, coconut shrimp, sushi, and the typical fruit deserts and small cakes.  I was surprised that they had traditional ice cream.  I found mint, cookie dough, chocolate, pineapple, vanilla, and a few more I can't remember. Most Chinese buffets have the yogurt machine with a cone so I was glad to have some real ice cream for a change. Right next to the ice cream, cakes, and desert I was still trying to figure out why croutons and bacon bits sit right next to them???  Almost to the point I wanted to ask someone, but lost my thoughts as I gazed at the ice cream I should not be eating.   This all for 7.99, not a bad lunch with a glass of water, watch the drink charge at 1.65 for a soda...  Puts me over the top in cost so I stuck to the water.  If you are in the far west side in Surprise check it out.
4	I have a saying:Q:  How do you ruin a perfectly good buffet?A:  Put the word "Chinese" in front of it.I've lived by that mantra for many years, and it is definitely the rule and not the exception.  But the reason I keep wandering into these places is because I harbor this burning ember of hope that someday, somewhere, I'll find a Chinese buffet that won't make me wish I had some of my ex-wife's cooking again. Along comes China Buffet.  It's conveniently located just about a mile from my own bathroom, so I figure I'm pretty safe giving it a try.  I am immediately drawn to the Mongolian BBQ, as it is one of my very favorite things in the world, and no one else in my minor-league hamlet of Surprise, Arizona has one.   I load up and hand it over to the grillardin, who expertly transforms it from a giant uncooked mess into a delectable, thoroughly cooked and seasoned mess.  While I'm waiting for the makeover, I check out the not-very-old-looking sushi bar and the usual Chinese-buffet selections:  Beef and Broccoli, Sesame Chicken, Kung Pao Chicken, Sweet & Sour Chicken, Mongolian Beef, Fried Rice, etc.  Naturally, not knowing whether I'd return, I must try one of each.  It is an exercise I know will enrage my lower intestines, but my curiosity overwhelms me and I dig in.  To my surprise, I find most everything I try a solid "above average."  Granted, given that the average is pretty freaking low, that's not saying much, but two things must be considered:  (1) I gave the place 4 stars, and (2) I have returned a few times since this initial expedition.  For better or for worse, China City Super Buffet is now my go-to place for quick and easy Americanized Chinese food.  It also has a decent drink special - buy one beer or glass of wine, get the 2nd for $1.  That's hard to beat. Bottom line:  China City gets the job done at a reasonable price.  It ain't P.F. Changs, but you know that going in.  I'm hoping it sticks around for a few years, so I don't have to go out and search for another Chinese place.
1	Horrible, almost inedible food.  The sushi absolutely is not sushi and nothing tasted good.  I will never eat here again.  The one behind walmart is much better.
1	I reviewed this Restaurant as great with a good selection of well-cooked Chinese and American dishes. That was true when I we dined there last June, but how things have changed. My wife and I re-visited this Restaurant last Monday. Before going, we called to be sure that they offered all-you-can-eat crab legs during the week. We were told "yes."When we arrived most of the food on the buffet must have been placed there hours ago. Fried shrimp as cold, as were several other dishes I tried. We tried to get crab legs, after a 30-minute wait a small plate of them were placed in the steam table for the restaurant to share. By the time we go to them, they were gone. We spoke to the manager with hopes that she would correct the issues...nothing happened. After another 15-minute wait, we left, hungry, upset and down almost $30. When paying our check the manager approached us and said "sorry about that." So are we. We were optimistic for this restaurant, but they simply missed the mark.
5	This was our first visit to the China City Buffet in Surprise.  It was my birthday and we celebrated with family and friend.  The food was excellent, hot and tasty, I had everything from the sushi to the soups and was not disappointed in anything.  Had a dish from the Mongolian BBQ station and that was really good.  My daughter is a vegetarian and when she asked the waitress about vegetarian dishes she was told that if she wanted something that she didn't see, they would be happy to make something special just for her and no additional cost.  I can't say enough nice things about this restaurant, I was so pleased with food, service, cleanliness and the prices, 10% off for seniors too.  Love it
1	We went there last night because we heard of the all you can eat crab legs... The crab legs had no flavor at all. None of us liked any of the food there. We wrong be back.  On a side note they were very friendly.
4	Lunch...  The place is after all a buffet but the selection was large and flavorful..  Try the cold mudbugs!!!!  Clean.. attentive help, hot food, good variety and good flavor...  works for me ..  gonna try dinner some nightf
1	Got dragged in today by my friend cause she wanted to try it.  I can say it was still awful like it was the first time I was here, food was cold, dishes were dirty and food was salty and oily.  Wish I could say something nice but the only thing that was good was the service but I'm not here for the service. Maybe they need a new chef.
1	Showed up to try for the first time.  Yelp shows open til 10pm, their door says 9:30.  Got there @ 8:44 and they were closed up. Very disappointed.
5	My gf and I found this place and fell in love with it.  They have a big selection of food and it was all quit good.  If you are in the mood for some Chinese food, then I would recommend this restaurant.
1	We have been to China City Super Buffet twice and both times have been bad. I will admit, up front, that I am a little buffet-phobic. Still, if the food is good I can ignore a lot. The food here is not very good at all. Everything is just above room temperature, mushy and flavorless. The utensils are pretty beat up and show signs of wear.
3	This place isn't as good as your simple Panda Express, but some dishes are good.  I personally liked the salmon sushi and the hot and sour soup.  Kids have a variety of selections including fruit.  Worth 3 stars but I am still looking for the 5 star Chinese buffet here... Wish me luck!
4	The food is not quite four stars.. but it's a freakin' BUFFET! I've never been impressed with sushi at buffet places either, but this place does a decent job. The nigiri was yummy. Basically, don't be afraid to try it.
1	Went there for a lunch date with a friend, food was lacking is the flavor department and it was all cold. Then, while we were eating, the music started skipping like it was on a scratched CD... Wtf . The service was okay, nothing to write home about, probably won't be back.
4	We loved this place. Traveling from Sedona to the Phoenix airport we ended up here based on yelp reviews. Large strip mall this building set alone with big parking lot outside the door. Quick to seat you. Big comfy booths. Clean bathrooms. The food selection and quality was excellent. The BBQ and sushi were great with so many other standard Chinese food offering. Everything was hot and fresh. Drinks quick to arrive. The desserts were awesome with eight different flavors of hand scoop ice cream flavors. Only $8 per person for lunch is the best value anywhere. I really liked the crab with cheese served on a seashell. Yummy!
1	Let me qualify my review by stating upfront that buffets sort of gross me out be their very nature-- yes I can be a bit if a germ-aphobe . Nevertheless, the food here is not good at all. Everything is luke warm at best and stone-cold at worst. I have been here twice and had similar experiences both times. The staff were all pleasant and efficient but the food all tasted the same and was mushy and cold.
2	I give this place two stars and on a busy weekend 3. My family and i come here every once in awhile when we want a chinese buffet, it is the closest to where we live. The food is okay but it isn't always the freshest especially when they are slow. A lot of lukewarm food and sometimes the meat sits and gets tough. Plus they rarely restock the crab legs and when they do it isn't much. The service is great though.
4	Pretty good for the average Chinese buffet. Steam tables and kitchen were clean. Staff very friendly. GREAT beer specials!For people that complain about cold food....that's cuz when you walk around for 15 minutes deciding what ur ass wants to eat...the food on ur plate gets cold!  The steam coming out of every single table would let you know the foods hot. Overall a pretty decent place!
5	One of the cleanest & largest Chinese buffets I've seen! Super large see food tables, even with starfish and octopus ! Restrooms super clean !!!!
1	Zero stars needs to be an optiion!  Terrible food!!  No other words for the quality of food except TERRIBLE!!
