5	Dear Sonic,  Why all the commercials in Los Angeles when the only place I have EVER seen you is in Arizona?  I love Sonic.  It's a great fast food place, with classic drive up windows and servers that come and skate your order to your car.  Their fries are always crispy and salty the way I like them and their chicken strips are exactly what they need to be.They always seem to have some sort of milk shake for any occasions, such as Valentine's (raspberry/cherry) or St. Patrick's Day (mint).  I wish they would open a Sonic over here because I can't think of any reason in the near future to go back to Arizona.
3	$2.99 for a foot long chili dog and tator tots.. I worry about myself sometimes.
4	I am normally not a fan of reviews of uber-chains like this (does the quality of McNuggets really vary from McDonald's to McDonald's?) but I feel the need to highlight this place because a) the pickins are slim for reviews of stuff on the west side outside the Westgate or Arrowhead areas; b) I'm not really reviewing the quality of the food; and c) it must be noted that Sonic is open until midnight (also rare for this area, apparently).After a late dinner the BF and I headed back across town to his neighborhood.  Around 11pm I started craving ice cream.  After a few internet searches I found that most dessert places in this area were long closed.  Not feeling like resorting to the McDonald's soft serve (have I really just dropped their name twice in one review?) I kept searching.  Finally, I found Sonic and checked to make sure they were still open (tick tock, it's now 11:32pm).  Joy!  They are open until the clock strikes twelve AND they have a decent selection of desserts.  Cut to the drive-thru where I order their version of a Blizzard (switching up the fast food references) that can even be chocolate-flavored.  Hooray!  My night has been saved!  I return home, scarf down some tasty chocolate ice cream goodness and then fall asleep on the couch watching "Bad Boys."  What more could a girl ask for?
2	I ordered online through the new service because of a groupon deal I bought. The service was, eh. I drove up and told them I was there to pick up an order. The order confirmation told me my food would be ready at 2:16 pm (02/29/12). We waited a good 5-10 minutes after it was already 2:16pm. It was not busy. Online it asks you to choose EXACTLY what you want on the order. For example,when you order the Jumbo popcorn chicken it asks what type of sauce; I chose barbecue, and it didn't come with the sauce, we had to ask before the gentlemen left. They also charge you an extra .10 cents for a cherry. My cherry limeade had no cherry. I mean it may just be .10 cents, but that's an extra charge!I was not pleased with this Sonic. This was the first and last time I do a transaction online with Sonic. If they can't do it the correct way, why even do it at all? Even the receipt I received showed exactly what I wanted and paid for. The gentlemen who served us was very nice and polite, so I have nothing bad to say about him, I wish I knew his name.
4	First time at sonic. Husband loved his cherry limeade and I got a peanut butter fudge shake. It was good but needed a bit more mixing. Couldn't drink it until I got home and blended it more.
5	Sonic is the place you want to go if you want the biggest milk shake
1	They charged me 20 cents for a glass of water, which would have normally been fine, but they did it only AFTER giving me the total for the order.  It is NOT okay to try to charge me a different total at the curb than I was quoted at.  He explained that he can't give me a free glass of water unless its a small (which is what I assumed I was getting since we didn't discuss any sort of upgrade).On top of that, I had a coupon and he quoted me what should've been the correct amount for the coupon but on the receipt it was 10 cents more.  So much for bringing in a coupon.So, Sonic, here's your horrible review for a dispute over 30 cents. I hope it was worth it for you.
