5	Great people working here!!  It's a mini-grocery store but has stocked all your necessities including produce, frozen foods, dairies, meats, and a bakery!!  You can't forget about the donuts and alcohol, too.  If you live around the area or are passing by, you should be able to find all your essentials!  I rate it 5 stars for the customer service and location but obviously it would be nice if it were a full-fledged grocery store ... soon I hope!
2	If you use this store as a convenience store you'll like it. If you try to do serious grocery shopping here, not so much. The prices are very high, and the produce is not the best. Think of it as a Super Circle K. Usually only one register open with a line.
3	We went here to check it out because we wanted to try something other than Fry's.  This is more of a convenient type store.  They did have all the amenities of a grocery store.  Frozen, deli, produce....but the prices seemed high.  We specifically went because some items we wanted were on sale here.  There was only one checkout lane open and it was a little different.  The checker took the cart from you, and bagged as they scanned.  Not sure where we were supposed to stand. Even in this little grocery store there were still a couple of carts in the parking lot.  Literally in the space next to the cart return.  Even in the little subdivision of Verarrdo people are still too lazy to put their carts away.  We would consider shopping here again, but will not make it our primary spot.
1	I've had bad luck with the Deli at this Basha's. two time this year I've ordered a pizza and when I come to pick it up there is NO pizza!  1st time my order slip was found on the floor and then thrown in to the trash. Today's order, well the deli personnel act like I never called it in. I ordered a sausage with extra cheese and spelled out my name, because its unusual. They apologized and offered to make me another one, it'd take 15min. Well I've already waited 30min!  I left to go to SPROUTS to buy a frozen pizza. Basha's pizza is ok. I get it because I believe in shopping local. I live in Verrado and I want to support local businesses. It's a WIN WIN situation. I called and spoke to the manager, Tiffany. She apologized and offered me a free pizza next time. I told her she needs to look at the deli personnel and re-evaluate their procedures for taking orders. She even told me when I call to ask for the manager and place my order with them. A manager has time to take pizza orders??? It's one thing to own up to a mistake BUT totally something else to tell the customer they never order in the first place. Now we call the customer a liar!  I believe I'm done with Basha's.
