5	I love the Mega Bus my job is out of Charlotte, but I live in Atlanta. Since they started making trips between the two cities I've been on that bus. It's a no frills straight shot ride with WiFi and a bathroom. You can't imagine the savings I have occurred over just the last four months. If you book your trips way inadvance you will get significantly reduced pricing even $1 dollar (yeah I've paid it a couple of times). For me It's not only a great alternative its the only way I'll go between the two cities and its only a 4 hour drive (I drive it in 3 an a half) so its not even a big difference in time.
1	I shall never, and I mean, never ride the Mega Bus again.My trip from CLT to DC was just horrible.Way too many stops for me; 20 minute break, Raleigh/Durham, and Richmond. The bus arrived late, the seats are very uncomfortable and the wifi was nonexistent. I was forced to read a book to keep my sanity.In addition, the bus driver started yelling "Wake up, EVERYBODY" when we were in Raleigh.  He said we need to be up when the new people got on the bus.  I caught the bus from CLT at 11 PM at night so this means he woke everyone up at 1 am, in order for 3 people to get on the bus.  How rude!!
5	Megabus rocks! Double decker bus w 2 aisles of 2 seats each. Seats are plush, comfy, and clean - better than regular movie theaters but not as swanky as the Epicentre theater or Ballantyne Village's. Free wifi yes. A few friends have told me sometimes the wifi is down on certain buses. Ample leg room. I saw a dude stow his duffle bag under the seat in front of him and used the little foot rest thing for his feet. 1 outlet per seat but if no one sits next to you - hey, haaay!
5	I LOVE MEGABUS!!!!!The bus left on time going to and from Atlanta. Good bus driver. Plush seats available. Nice leg room too. The wifi wasn't great though. Other than that, it's worth every penny.
4	The Megabus is an experience! But for an inexpensive ticket it's definitely worth it!If you are the first group they pick up you have your choice of seats, I recommend the ones downstairs with the table. Since they offer WiFi and an outlet for each seat you can get a lot of work done or play a lot of games during your trip.The leg room is great and they make a stop at a really nice gas station/rest stop with a McDonald's attached. Overall for the money its a great deal.
4	Three words: You're saving money.
1	I know what you're thinking. Only the people who have had the worst experience ever go on these websites and post reviews. While that may be somewhat true, there is a reason they do so. I thought the same thing, didn't listen to reviews and ended up regretting it in the end. Taking megabus is a huge risk. It might be on time, but most likely will not be.  The most recent example of this for me was last night, I scheduled a 10pm bus so that my friend wouldn't have to drop me off at the 1:46am amtrak train. I was there at 945pm. At 10:20, we received an email saying that the bus was delayed 60-90 minutes. This in itself is annoying, but to send it AFTER the bus was already supposed to be there?? What's the point of that? So okay, one hour, not terrible but now I'm sitting on the side of the road. No benches, no overhang, no idea when this bus is coming. One hour passes. Two hours passes. A megabus pulls up and drops people off a little down the stop. We all yell in excitement. Then the bus just drives right past us, even though the heading on the bus tells us that it's our bus. I am raging at this point. Three hours passes. We get an email that says they are refunding our money. Another woman says that this means the bus is never going to come or is cancelled at this point. Three and a half hours after the bus is supposed to be there, I hop in a cab, get to the amtrak station and get home. Last night there were over 40 people waiting on the side of the road for over 4 hours.  I don't know if the bus ever came. I know you're saving money and I certainly understand that but if you have somewhere to be, this is am extremely risky choice.  I have only taken the bus a handful of times but every time it has been a half hour or more late. As with any business, I'm sure some people have good and some have bad experiences but last night was my living nightmare.  I would strongly caution anyone against taking the megabus. There is a reason the reviews on here are so scathing. (And I don't even write reviews)
3	WRONG LOCATION - instead go to the charlotte bus terminal near 310 E Trade St and Brevard street. Go outside the station and down the sidewalk on the other side of the burger king.
1	Keep your stuff with you at all times. I had a Nook HD+ tablet stolen from my backpack at this stop. At for Megabus, you get what you pay for: buses can be an hour late, WiFi is slow-slow-slow (an hour to download The New York Times to my tablet), surly baggage handlers who will lose your bag. If you're lucky, you won't be on the bus that catches fire as happened on the bus that catches on fire, as happened in 2012.
1	This was a terrible and uncomfortable bus ride from Charlotte to Atlanta. We  had no heat on our 4 hour journey. Driver said he does not control the heat, but his cabin area was nice and toasty. Email sent to Megabus let's see if they respond and compensate.
5	Clean. Safe. Spacious. Courteous and knowledgeable drivers. WIFI.  If you book enough in advance, your trip could be laughably cheap. Really.Went from NYC, to DC, to Charlotte, for.......wait for it...............a total, with taxes & fees...of $14.00.  Yes, you read that right. $14.00.  Booked 5 weeks in advance. Have also traveled roundtrip from Charlotte to Atlanta for less than $4.00. Yes, $2 each way!I dare not fix my mouth to say ANYTHING negative about Megabus, lest the Universe find me woefully ungrateful and take it away.  T H A N K  Y O U Megabus :)
1	I was slightly let down by the service provided my 2nd time around on this trip. So I think it will be a minute before I will ride MegaBus. On my trip out of town, the phone charger on the side of the seat did not operate. Needless to say I had to shit off my phone after noticing my cell wasn't charging. That's was to reserve the 20% left upon my arrival so, my ride could find me. I actually was surprised too that this particular bus was making stops before arriving to my destination. Guess I should be glad that there was only 1 stop in between my origin & destination, as this bus was making 3 other stops before its final destination to Washington, DC. I was also, surprised to discover that the drop location at my destination was not downtown like when I came on my last visit.  The most scary part was the bus dropped us at a location that does not have an actual address. Thank God my niece was a little familiar with the streets near the train station as its really in the middle of no where. No land marks (ex; like Quiktrip or Starbucks etc) to provide to your party picking you up. Last but not least...on my departing trip...I arrive 6mins before bus was scheduled to leave so, I thought it left early. However, after asking a few folks that were outside waking w/luggage, they told me it was late. So I patiently waited but, after 30mind of waiting & bus never showed...I decided to call the 877# for an update. At which time I was informed that the bus was running behind. I asked when would the bus arrive & they said instead of 6:50pm...the bus would now be arrivjng about 8:22pm. My issue with this is. Over an hour delay and there was NO email or text notification that there was any delay. Which is unacceptable! Thank God the phone charger on my return is working. But I fully don't think I'll be utilizing a service I oh so bragged about to friend & highly appreciated...no I will not be using anytime soon. Bummer!!
3	I take this bus to D.C. a lot and connect to Delaware, Philly, and NYC. This time I'm dropping family off, instead of being dropped or picked up. It's bittersweet. Tonight the bus is sold out.. they are going to be packed in. Unloading & loading tonight is taking abnormally long. Free Wi-Fi onboard and anywhere in close proximity of the bus, so plus for that.. bathrooms onboard can be pretty minimal. Some have toilet paper and hand sanitizer and some just don't. Some smell like blue juice and some smell like a cow died in there 3 weeks ago and the carcass is rotting.  It's a pretty average experience for the price. Wish the price was lower and schedule options more diverse. Charlotte to D.C. only leaves twice daily, 1155am and 1130pm. Lately, I've been riding their competition.. several of the Chinese buses that leave throughout the city for a fraction of their price, don't have to make connections, offer the same facilities (Wi-Fi and restroom), and have more scheduling options.     .....getting back to tonight's bus, it arrived roughly 20-30 minutes ago and they are still offloading. My family has barely inched up in line and the line behind them has grew tremendously. It probably won't leave until closer to 12 midnight!  Usually this bus is much more timely.
