5	David Saka is by far the best and most honest computer repair guy in all of Las Vegas and the surrounding areas.  He saved my computers for the couple years I lived in Las Vegas.  I would even drive 22 miles to see him from Mountain's Edge, because he was far more knowledgeable than the overpriced idiots in the city.  He doesn't charge for estimates.  Most guys charge to take your computer apart to look to see if it's a hardware problem. Plus, he explains things in common terms so anyone who's not all that computer savvy will get what he's talking about.  You can't go wrong with David working on your PC or MAC.  Forget the other so-called experts and kids just out of computer school who claim they can fix it, David will FIX IT.
5	This computer repair shop is a one man show.  What you see is what you get.   David is the owner, service manager and computer tech man.              My computer desktop broke down so I took it to Fry's Electronics and Staples.  However, to replace the hard drive and other things was going to cost too much money.  With the high cost to repair the computer, I might has well buy a brand new computer.  On a last ditch effort, I brought my computer to David.  He fixed my computer for almost half the cost of Fry's and Staples.  As a result, I could save a lot of money by not buying a new computer.                I really like David because he is honest a straight forward and knowledgeable.  He even told me all the advantages of buying a new computer instead of getting it fixed even though it risked him losing my business of getting it repaired.  He was really looking out for my best interest.  This does not happen much in Vegas.              A month later, my computer lab top caught a virus.  He was great in removing my virus and he educated me on how to keep my computer virus free.  Again he is half the cost of most places.               If you are looking for an honest computer repair man with fair pricing and not get ripped off.  David is your computer repair man.
5	I decided to be bold and open my laptop to clean it (following a YouTube tutorial). I put everything back together when I was done, but my computer wouldn't turn on. After cursing and thinking I was going to faint, I called Big Sky Computers.David took a look at my computer as soon as I brought it in. And the awesome thing is he didn't make me feel like a dumb girl. He was able to find the problem, fix it, and not overcharge me. I was there for about two hours, during which he was kind enough to let me use one of his computers with web access to get my work done while I waited.I highly recommend this place. This guy is a breed apart when it comes to tech guys.
5	Great company to get your computer fixed at a very fair and reasonable price.  David is very knowledgable,  honest and gives you many helpful tips without sounding geeky or making you look naive.  I accidentially downloaded a virus in which my anti-software didn't catch.  He cleaned it out and made sure I didn't loose any important files or programs and reinstalled everything I typically work with.  No more expensive computer extended warranties at the larger electronic stores who just ships your computer off somewhere else without telling you or even better, showing you where the problem is.  David will be my computer repair person from now on.
5	I love Dave! I've been bringing my computers to him for years and even had a few custom built at very reasonable prices. I've seen similar prices at other shops but Dave is so thorough with replacing all my programs and saving my music and photos that I would not go anywhere else. He is friendly and helpful and I feel comfortable calling him about questions I have.Also he often gets my repairs done within only a day!
5	I needed to get a laptop fixed and saw the good reviews for this shop, which is very close to where I live.  I decided to go and talk to David and even though he was not able to fix the laptop, he explained all the tests he did and showed me why the laptop was not repairable (it had a fatal flaw).   He had a very similar one that he had reconditioned and sold it to me for a very fair price.  He explained everything about the new laptop and I left a very happy customer.  I have not had any problems with the new laptop and I will return to see David if I have any other computer repair needs.
5	Wow, all I have to say is wow. When I first walk in I see an R2D2 on the floor and I feel like I'm walking into a shop right from Tatooine in Star Wars. It's very unique, I like it alot. David Saka helped me personally resolve my wifi connection problem for 20 bucks. If I went to any "Corporate America" type repair shop, I would have had to empty my bank account. It was an easy fix that didn't require wiping down my entire computers memory card like most people think. He messed with the settings fully explaining to me along the way and BAM! MAGIC! It worked! Ive taken it to office depot and best buy and both demanded a 100 dollar checkup fee up front. ABSURD!!         I have never received such outstanding customer service before in my entire life. He addresses people politely and explains everything he is doing. He is very down to earth, friendly and knowledgeable.         If you want to have your problems fixed without someone looking at you like you have a dollar sign painted on your face...go here. I will recommend this computer repair shop to everyone I know. This local guy really knows his stuff and doesn't talk down to you like geek squad does. Support your local businesses!!!! David Saka deserves an medal, this man is a high quality business owner of the finest caliber. He 100 percent understands what it means to go above and beyond customer service needs. GIVE THIS MAN RESPECT!
5	Walked in with my laptop in hand, thinking that I had a virus (not from downloading porn) and assuming that all of my family photos were gone for. Upon entering, I am greeted by, whom I assume is the owner, and he immediately walks over to help me. In less than two minutes, he has my computer rebooted and I'm logging in, perplexed by the fact that I couldn't complete this myself. Lol. He changes a few settings and explains what may have been causing the problem. The photos are there and he doesn't even ask to be paid. I offer and hand him cash for his help. He could have kept my laptop and charged me anything he wanted, knowing I wanted my photos, yet he didn't. I appreciate the honesty and help he provided. In less than ten minutes, I was on my way. I will bring back my laptop in the future because of his honest work ethic and hard work. Great place!
5	Came in to get my computer repaired. I have been having issues with it for the last few years but just too lazy to bring it anywhere. It started to bring it into dave's shop because the problems were getting worse. Before i even set the computer down he knew what was wrong with it. It was fixed in 20mins, he did some additional checking and fixed my CD drive and installed some new software also. I asked how much I owed him and he said dont worry about it. The issues were that serious for him to charge me. Not only is he a great at what he does but he is honest about his business. I will be back again and this is the only place i will taking my computers from now on.
5	I brought in a dead computer to see if the hard drive could be salvaged. Dave was the very best. He quickly looked in and was able to test the dead computer and determine the motherboard was a goner. After discussing options, he was able to slave the hard drive into a different PC that I bought along. Watching him breeze through the new settings and getting it working to perfection, I was totally relieved. His solutions exceeded what I expected and his fees were far more than fair. A truly honest businessman and I will be returning this morning to have Dave examine my sons computer for issues developed over that past 6 months.
