3	Hooray, there is finally tasty affordable falafel in University City. And don't worry that lean pricing means lean portions. My wrap was chock full of chickpea, sesame and pickled goodness all for $4 + tax. The flavor is good enough to convince me I don't need to drive all the way down to Sharon Amity every time I have a Mediterranean craving. Where Le Kebab Grill does slack a little is the service. The gentleman in charge is awesome and attentive, but his counter help isn't always on the ball (or at the counter) and they forgot to add the hot sauce I ordered to my wrap (which I might not have minded if it weren't $.59 extra). Maybe over time they will get with the program or maybe its just a case of college-help-itis. Le Kebab Grill is a welcome addition to the Grand Promenade Shopping Center.
4	Although I do prefer the "other" place, probably mostly out of a since of loyalty, I'm very happy to have an arabic restaurant so close to home. The food is very good and consistent. I like the falafel just a little better here. I like the fattoush better at La Shish. Overall, the food taste and quality is about the same.The service is not the same. My husband and I went on opening night and dined in. We ended up walking out because our waitress must have forgotten we were there. I knew they had just opened and needed to work out some kinks so I waited a week or two and went back for take-out. We haven't dined in again, but we have picked up 10+ times already, and it has only been open maybe 2 months. I make sure to call about 20 minutes ahead. They may say 10 minutes, but it ain't gonna happen. The food is worth the wait though.I've also ordered take-out for work and gotten rave reviews. Favorites have been falafel, rotisserie chicken, lamb shank, and rice pudding. Oh, and get the vimto drink and mix it with the lemonade at the fountain. Yum!
4	Took my research group here today for an end of semester lunch.  The food was super delicious and insanely cheap.  We tried a variety of things.  An appetizer plate with hummus, labeneh, and stuffed grape leaves was really good, as was the tabbouleh salad that came along with.  The sandwiches were nicely spiced and tasty, and the excellent garlic sauce is strong enough that I was worried people might be able to smell me from across the room for the rest of the day.  Chicken and lamb shawarma and falafel all got good reviews.  I will definitely come here again and you should too.  The ambiance is still a little "barely moved in" but the food is totally worth the trip.
4	Stopped in here a few weeks ago right after they opened up.  As others have said there might have been a few hiccups in terms of speed, but it was worth the wait. Having lived overseas in the Middle East multiple times, I can say that without a doubt it's as close to authentic as I've found here in the QC.  Nabil (I think?) the owner, is really eager to please and want's people to try out everything he's got.  He might be a little over the top, but I'd rather see a little passion go too far then the converse.  The hummus was fresh and a huge portion, the pita came in little plastic bags which seemed odd, but tasted great and didn't really bother me, just made the presentation a little weak, but again it was it's first few weeks.  I had the shwarma, which was clean, fresh tasting and well assembled.  And the key, it had fries in it! I can tell you that in Saudi Arabia, Iraq, Jordan, etc they almost always had fries in them so that's the way that I love them. Anyway, it was filling and made me think of my days back east.All in all a great find on the north side of town that I'll frequent again as soon as I can,
4	I saw this place while picking up from Jimmy John's the other day and I was excited for some nearby Mediterranean food.My husband and I stopped in for a late lunch and ordered the appetizer combination tray with stuffed grape leaves, baba gnoush, and hummus. I wasn't crazy about the hummus, but the grape leaves and baba gnoush were excellent! We also ordered falafel sandwiches. The falafel itself was excellent and the best I've tried in Charlotte; my only criticism is that I wish the wrap had more pickle. The bread and pita that accompanied our starters was fresh and tasty.I'll definitely be back! It was quick and very affordable, the staff was also quite friendly.Update: June 2012- Since my initial review, I've been back three times. I've discovered that their mint yogurt dip appetizer is delicious as well as their lentil soup (which I'm told is completely vegetarian- no chicken broth)! I've been pretty unoriginal and ordered falafel or lentil soup and an appetizer each visit; I still need to try their baklava. I believe the owner has greeted us each time we dined and asked how our meals were and the staff are very outgoing.
5	Yes I'm giving this place a 5 star rating. Mainly because the University area needed a place like this. This is not a place for romantic dinner date. What it is, is an unpretentious little place with tasty Arabic/Mediteranian dishes. Falafel, lamb, houmous are but a few of the items served here and if our plates today represent the type of quality to be expected..well then we are all in for a treat. Reasonable pricing and generous portions are always welcome, so this restaurant has earned a customer. Guess I'm just a sucker when I walk into a shop of any kind and the owner is directly involved.
5	Had to go back for a another visit, this time we tried the falafel appetizer. I think I enjoyed it more than my wife she has been on a mexican kick lately. Anyway, this time out my wife ordered a chicken kabob salad, it looked nice and the lemon and olive oil dressing was tangy. My addana kabob lamb was tasty, having a hint of smoked paprika. The hummus served as a side was tasty as well. On  our last visit my wife had the same dish and loved it, except she ordered rice as her side.
5	I just tried this restaurant and all I can say its wow, the food is amazing. I got the lentil soup which was full of flavor, the falafel appetizer was the best I've had in a very long time. I also got the kafta kebab, it came with two sides. Great portions and excellent flavor. The owner was very nice and even gave me a chicken wrap to try. Omg, I'm a fan, it was delicious. I'm definitely going back and recommending it to anyone that enjoys good food and excellent service for a very affordable price.
5	Great Chicken Shawarma & kebabs! Took our kids there and the kids loved it too. The baklava was fantastic as well, made in house. Prices are really low and the owner came out to talk to us for awhile, very personable. Having lived in Europe for a number of years this is very similar fare to what you would find in kebab shops there. Will definitely be back. Atmosphere is average strip mall style but it's good food at fast food prices so I can't complain.
3	Me and the hubby tried this out today, we had the appetizer sampler with baba gnoush, falafel and labaneh. First off the falafel was delicious and piping hot, the labaneh wast tangy thick and cool the baba gnoush had an odd aftertaste neither of us cared for. The pitas did come in little ziplocs which was not an issue but the strong refrigerator taste on them was it distracted from the flavors of the dips. After ordering our Gyros I asked if it came with anything I was told no but I could add fries which I was going to do but the waiter told me the gyro was very large so I decided against it. Now let me qualify my review of the gyro by saying I have eaten and loved gyros since I could walk, I have been looking for a good gyro shop here for a while and have had to settle for just ok....that being said this gyro was not very good. it was really low on toppings, based on what the waiter said it felt almost like the cook only made one gyro then instead of making another just split the meat and veggies between the two. The meat was not 100% meat there were obviously a lot of fillers. It left a lot to be desired I may go back but more than likely I wont.
2	"meh" about sums up this place. i had high hopes based on previous reviews but was overall disappointed. we are on a quest to find the best gyros in charlotte. however, the gyros were small. it's a little confusing as to whether you order at the counter or sit down and order. the owner was taking our or order and interrupted to take a phone order before getting back to us. when we asked for a beverage cup, he said "we serve you" and then took the cup over to the machine and set it down (we were sitting at a table). the waitress, when she brought our food, didn't say anything just dumped it on the table and shuffled away. boyfriend says it was an overall weird experience. the gyros didn't have much flavor but the tzatziki was good. overall, the gyros at little village grill in uptown are the front runner! (for now... but the quest continues)
2	Visited this restaurant a few days ago,  Had a craving for kebabs so I was more than happy to see this place just about 5 mins from my home, but I  ended  up with a less than happy experience. Customer Service- We were greeted when we entered the restaurant   and  was promptly given menus by the waiter.  He did not introduce himself , just put the menus down and left, nor did he ask for drinks. A few minutes later he came back to get the drink order , I had to ask him what his name was,  Overall  though the wait staff was nice , but didn't really speak English well , so it was very difficult for them to explain  dishes. Everything was " very tasty" or "very good"The Food-  The food was simply not good.  The steak kebabs for $10.99 was 2  small kebabs piled on a LOT of rice.  I've received bigger pieces of steak from the mall Mediterranean place  in DC. The rice had a weird taste , the pita bread was cold and served in a plastic bag. It would have been nice to have warm bread.  The hookahs are only $10.99 , so If I ever go back it will be for that .!
5	Happy to report that service has definitely improved!I highly suggest going during Ramadan. It is over August 18 this year, but that last day will probably be very busy.They have a nightly buffet for Ramadan. Get there by 8:15 to secure a table, but eating (and drinking even water) doesn't begin until 8:35. Technically, if you aren't muslim you can eat before then, but it would be very rude.  Everyone else there will have been fasting since sun-down. About 8:25 people will start lining up to fix their plates so when the time comes, they are ready to eat.Go and get some great food and witness a cultural holiday different than your own!
4	It's nice to find the things you love close to home!  I went for the buffet and it was great!  Everything they offered was to my liking except the hummus (how can they mess up hummus, hmmm?)  I am a Baba Ganouj girl anyway and it was right on the money.  The meat was a little on the dry side but tender and tasty.  The deserts were great so I guess it was worth the $11.99. I will be back most certainly!
5	My man had heard about this place, and since we were in the area we decided to stop in, and so glad we did!We had an awesome waiter named Basher, who answered all of our questions and was very knowledgable about the menu.  They were even nice enough to customize our meal for us.  We wanted to try the fattoush and tabbouleh but didn't really want the big huge salads, so they gave us smaller portions for a smaller price!  I love flexible places!All of the food was AMAZING!  We got the lentil soup (warm, hearty, and yummy!  great for the cold evening!) a small side of Tabbouleh, very well seasoned, a small side of  fattoush, also very well seasoned, (many places i have had it, it is too bland), and a Lamb Shawerma Wrap.  We asked them not to wrap the wrap up so we could take pictures, and they were very obliging!  Let me just say I have never been a fan of lamb, but this was AMAZING!  I would definatly get it again.  It was well seasoned and yummy!  Especially with the tahini sauce.  I've had tahini sauce other places and it is, often too tart, but here it was smooth and flavorful without being too tart.  And then we ended with some mint tea.  Also very nice on a cool evening.I am looking forward to going  back here again!  The prices are very reasonable and they aren't skimpy with their portions.  Staff was very friendly.  Service and food were both 5 star!
5	Shawarma!  This is a GOOD one!  Delicious Lamb!!!  Better than most places! Great Pita!  Nice Tahini Sauce, flavor milder than most.Fatoush and Tabouleh are the Salads I want in a place like this and both are good here!Lentil Soup - mild, thick and hearty!Hot Mint Tea reminded me of Moroccan Tea from down the street (I have never been to Morocco).  We did not check out the Turkish Coffee here and they do have it!Basher did a great job greeting us as we walked in, serving us and answering questions!      He also told us how we could create the smaller meal we wanted since this was an after Dinner snack/meal (second Dinner).  He asked us if we wanted  Hookah...This place is very comfortable!  I did not mind being the only White person here... My girlfriend is Turkish so she fit right in and I guess I did too.
4	We were so glad to find this place in the University area! Charlotte needs more Middle Eastern restaurants. We had the falafel, mixed grill plate and hummus for two, which was more than enough food. It was all really, really good. You can't beat perfectly seasoned and perfectly cooked kebabs and keftas. I want to try the lamb next time. The service was great as well. Only complaint was the music was loud and the CD was skipping or something which was driving me crazy. But I will definitely be back. They have a bunch of wraps and sandwiches as well. Reasonably priced, we got out for about $24.
4	It appears major retail may be vacating the central University City area over to Northlake and Concord Mills. Even more will be splitting when the new shopping center opens near Ikea. A plus to this appears to be lower rents and more ethic type restaurants. Great for me; probably bad for real estate investors. Le Kebab Grill is a fine Middle Eastern option; worth checking out for some variety and adventurous cuisine.The restaurant set up is simple; light colored walls with modern art and large windows streaming sunlight. Service has been friendly, prompt and helpful. Falafel is dense, hot and delicious with the tahini sauce; the eight piece serving split between two people will go fast. The stuffed grape leaves are tasty as well; slick with olive oil and shaped like cigars.The Kafta Kabobs consists of seasoned ground beef pressed around a skewer and redolent of cumin with perhaps a touch of cinnamon; order it all the time it's so yummy. You can get your main with a salad simply dressed with olive oil and lemon juice. Some days the dressing is better than others; perfect with the right amount of lemon juice but on occasion it seems to come out of a particularly harsh bottle of True Lemon. The rice they serve is tasty and generously portioned. The last time I was there they offered a smoked rice and it was so good; yellow rice with a subtle smoked flavor.Good food, nice portions and great prices; I'll be back for more!
5	The food was excellent.  We had a yogurt dip with olive oil and pita bread for appetizer.  It was very creamy and good.  The owner was there and he was very attentive and brought out some free falafel for us to sample as well as a small order of hummus. Both were very good.  I had the lamb kabobs with salad and rice.  The lamb was very tender and the flavor was just right.  The seasoning was not over powering.  My wife had the chicken shawarma and I think it may have been even tastier than the lamb.  It came with a little cup of this garlic paste that complimented the dish.  Can't wait to go again to try another dish.
4	Went here for lunch during a business trip to Charlotte. I always try to support Muslim businesses so I stopped by here after seeing the reviews on Yelp. Service was very friendly. I ordered the lentil soup, which was solid. Ordered the chicken shwarma wraps and they were very good. Tender chicken, and lots of it. Fries were decent. Everything cost like $13.00. I'm not sure what the halal scene in Charlotte is, especially the University City area, but I would definitely recommend this place.
5	I really like this place. The lentil soup with lemon is outstanding and the shawarma is delicious!  On top of that the owner is awesome. Friendly and cares about what he does. Food is all made in house and only use best ingredients. Worth the stop!
5	This is the BEST middle eastern restaurant in the University Area! I've eaten here so many times that I think I've had everything on the menu. I'm definitely a regular and bring all sorts of friends whenever I can. First of all the food is super fresh and quality. Which really makes a difference for the flavor. As far as the food you have to try the Kafta Kabab!! It's incredible! So flavorful, I don't know what spices they use but they are incredible!
5	Really great!  Fresh, tasty food and a friendly proprietor.  I will definitely stop again when I'm in town.
4	First time having a lamb shawarma and it was actually good! Not like your typical gyro that's served open-faced and with sliced meat, but rather diced meat and more like a wrap with the same contents that a gyro would have (lettuce,tomato,onion). It's served with a tahini sauce that's very light, and it doesn't have the same texture as other tahini sauces would. I will definitely be coming back to try something else!
4	Lamb was excellent.  Seems like there is a large take out business, but they do have wait staff.
5	There are few places in Charlotte with middle eastern food and this place not only has a great selection but it's of high quality and great taste! Be sure to try the kafta or mixed grill kabobs, and the yellow rice is very well cooked and prepared! They have a nice chill dining area and outdoor seating area too.  The carry out is also prepared fast but with quality. I had a small issue once where my card was charged twice for the same meal but the manager took care of it very quickly when it was shown to him. Make sure to visit!
4	In no way am I Middle-Eastern food expert, but I do like to enjoy it occasionally!We headed here on a Friday night to grab a late dinner.  The restaurant was packed, but we got lucky and snagged a table close to the front.  They also have outside seating and the full menu is also available to go.We started our meal with Hummus and Pita.  The Hummus was fresh and we were given a hearty portion.  There was a red pepper swirl through it which was awesome!I got the chicken Gyro made with the chicken that is off of the swirling meat roaster.  haha I do not remember the proper name!  I do not eat Lamb though the traditonal gyro looked great.  The portion was huge and it came with one side for around $8.My boyfriend got a Kabob meal with rice.  He loved it and said this place is going to be one of his regular spots.  The acutal meal did take awhile....I'm not sure if we looked ancy or what but one of the chefs hand-delivered us a dipping sauce for free  because of the wait, which was delicious!  You can tell this place is family-owned and everyone was incredibly friendly.We will be back!
4	I have had a craving for hummus and kebabs for some time now, and been meaning to try this place. I'm really glad that I did. We ordered an appetizer combination, which allows you to choose 3 items from a list of about 6. We selected the hummus (extremely smooth, almost creamy, and a good portion), falafel (seemed a little denser than I'm used to, but still yummy), and the grape leaves (I am not a huge fan in general, but I tried a bite and liked them).I was kind of disappointed that none of the 4 kid's meal choices were anything middle eastern at all. It was all the same hamburger /chicken nugget fare you can get anywhere. I opted to have them share a chicken kebab plate, and my husband and I had other varieties. There are 3 kinds of rice available: plain basmati, mandi (which is yellow and mildly seasoned), and kapsa (which is light brown from all of the spices! It's not hot spicy, but has such a fabulous flavor punch. I really enjoyed it) As our second side, my husband and I chose the lentil soup, which was also very flavorful. Overall, service was fairly attentive and the food will definitely merit a return visit.
5	This restaurant was one of the best Middle Eastern food I have ever eaten in Charlotte. Tonight  I went with my friend's family who have never eaten Middle Eastern food before (I am used to eat this type of food back home). My friend's family absolutely LOVED IT. The restaurant was easy to find. It was clean and the best part is that the food WAS NOT PRICEY AT ALL. Our server, Brittany, was SO GREAT in everything! The owner came to our table and talked to us. He was very nice to talk to and also generous to our table. We ordered the combination platter for appetizer and it was DELICIOUS (Yilanji, baba ghanouj, and falafel with pita bread). We had the baked chicken, Turkish Kebab, mandi lamb with rice, and lamb shawarma plate. We also had homemade chicken soup and lentil soup. We shared everything because I wanted my friend's family to try different kinds of food. They all LOVED EVERY PLATE!  If they are ever in town again, they will definitely come back. I am definitely coming back again to this wonderful restaurant. Please keep up this excellent quality of work!
5	This place serves the most delicious middle eastern food I've had in Charlotte.  I've had the falafel, hummus, labaneh, chicken kebob, chicken shawerma and the sweet semolina cake.  However, once I had the shawerma, I could never order anything but that.  It's addicting!  The flavors are intense and bold.  It comes with a buttery garlic topping on the side which is divine.  The servings are large, especially if you order rice as your side.  The side salad that comes with the platters is crisp, fresh and with hints of parsley and lemony.  Just writing about this is making me want to have some chicken shawerma!  My husband ordered the lamb shawerma and I tasted it.  It was also very good but the chicken shawerma takes the cake!!On my first visit the owner brought us a free sample of their hummus.  We were already stuffed but ate it out of curtesy and it was delish.  The service has always been friendly and hospitable and my orders taken accurately.Overall I would totally recommend this place.
4	Very authentic mediterranean food. Falafel was outstanding. Gyro sandwiches are very good too and big. Make sure you request the hot sauce that's not on the table made with sweet red peppers and something else that's both sweet and spicy - not real hot but very, very, very tasty.
5	Had the Kafta Kabab both times I've been here. Amazing both times. Great service. Try the "flavorful" rice.
4	Love the food, prices are decent for the amount of food and service is great. I tried the lentil soup which tasted fresh and tried a chicken and rice plate which was very good.
5	O.K. Finally gotten my hands [stomach] wrapped around a shawerma , it came hott and moist [had it delivered] , the flavors were wonderfully designed to make your mouth water 'while' in the act of devouring it , and I do mean devour , when I first took a glance at my new taste experience I said , " I'll eat half now , and half later" [due to the size of it , however , when I got to the last bite I realized " oops, I ATE IT ALL".NICE!
4	This was my first time here and I will certainly return to grab lunch during the week! A lot of food for not a lot of money! I had the falafel and fries for less than $7.
5	Excellent shawarma and kibbeh. Staff was friendly and very welcoming. We'll certainly be coming back to enjoy more of the delicious food.
4	My sister and I had heard very good things about this place from our coworkers so we went last Friday. We started with their Lentil soup and it was delicious. We followed with a chicken and lamb wrap and I could not pick a favorite one, our waiter disappeared for a little while and he seemed a little nervous ( it remind me of myself on my first job at a restaurant) but overall the service and flavor of the food were very good.
3	My husband & I tried Le Kebab out for the first time this past weekend & we both enjoyed it! We just recently arrived back from NYC where we tried the famous "halal guys" food  truck as our first introduction to mediterranean food, and since then knew we had to try a local place to see if  we loved it just as much. We started with the hummus & pita & falafel. The hummus was a perfect consistency..creamy & smooth with just the right amout of roasted red pepper & chickpeas on top. It was delicious. The falafel was pretty tasty too,For my entree I had the chicken shawarma (thinking it was similar to what I had in NYC) the chicken was tender & seasoned perfectly but I was not a fan of a spice in the rice. My husband had the "combo shawerma" consisting of lamb/chicken & he loved. The portions are large & the wait staff were nice. We will go back if in the University area!
5	Few & far between are the places that warrant a 5-star review. Even big chain restaurants with money to burn often miss the mark. The food is fresh, clean, good, hot, tasty, what else can you ask for? We bypass other mediterranean restaurants in Charlotte to come eat here. The yogurt salad is good, that's coming from someone who makes it from scratch at home. You won't be sorry you stopped in for lunch or dinner.
5	I discovered this place on accident a couple of weeks ago and went back every week ever since. They have a variety of Middle Eastern dishes that can be either ordered in a pita wrap or as an entree with rice, salad, and soup. My personal favorite is the chicken Shwarma entree with lentil soup and salad. Le Kebab Grill's atmosphere is good, although it is more a fast food rather than restaurant ambiente. The prices are pretty average for the entrees, however the wraps are very inexpensive. The garlic and hot sauce are amazing, unfortunately there is a limitation on sauces per entree. Staff and location are amazing. I really like that place!
5	The food service and food itself was just fantastic. First time having a bite there with a friend of mine who I just met today. The waitress and cashier were very nice.. They helped me pick out what to order and I enjoyed it. I forgot what I orderedZz
4	First time trying this sort of food and have no regrets. We are already planning on another trip next week if that tells you anything! Only complaint about the place overall is the music (turn it down a little) and the odd heaters placed here and there? Also doesn't look like they've done any updating since this place was Yoshi's but I can get over ALL of that bc the food was great! I had the lunch special: chicken kabob with 2 sides for $6.99. I chose hummus (they spelled hummos?) and rice pilaf. The hummus was a $.99 up charge but well worth it. Some of the best I've had and I'm a huge hummus fan. The rice was delicious, had I had any more room to finish it, I would have! The garlic sauce/dip to spread on your meat...MMMMMMMM!! Slather it on the chicken because it's gooood! Enjoy!
4	Very good service.  Price is very reasonable, and the beef was grilled to perfection - juicy, tender and flavorful.  I recommend it!
5	Overlooked and under appreciated hole in the wall Middle Eastern food.  Le Kebab has excellent food.  I have brought two middle eastern friends here and they confirm the cuisine is authentic.  One of them would drive from Rock Hill up to University area (40 minutes) just for this restaurant.The key items to try here include the chicken shwarma, gyro plate, and lamb kebab plate.  Other items of note include the Vimto juice drink, lentil soup that is served with most dinner plates, and the baklava.  Le Kebab also provides excellent garlic mayonnaise, tzatziki, and tahini sauces .  The portions are a bit large for one person, but the food heats up well as leftovers.I cannot speak to the hookah aspect of the restaurant, but there are regular customers who partake in it that swear by Le Kebab.  The hookah customers never seem to affect other diners with smoke smell or crowd the restaurant so I've never had that as a problem.Parking is generally available and food is served quickly dine in or carry out.  For the money Le Kebab is an incredible value.  A meal for two will generally be under $25.  Ownership/management is always around and friendly, and I have never had problems with service there.
5	Great little restaurant - music, staff, food - all wonderful! Had lamb, mixed shewarama, lentil soup - homemade sauces were amazing!!
5	I was at IKEA looking for something good close by. This place had good reviews and it was worth the short drive. Awesome authentic Mediterranean food. Really fair prices. Friendly staff that helped me choose something on the menu. Had the chicken shawerma special. Delicious.
4	Stopped here during a weekend in Charlotte. Clean restaurant with a variety of Middle Eastern foods. Vegan dishes available. I ordered the kafta kabob. Lots of rice and 2 skewers (meat was easy to get off skewer). Could make 2 meals out of one. Well-seasoned. Ordered hummus as an appetizer. Nice and creamy and good serving size. Servers were attentive. Great location near shopping.
4	I've driven by here dozens of times and never stopped.  Yesterday my husband and I did - we will be back over and over!  I don't usually care for hummus and I could eat tubs full of theirs.  Their stuffed grape leaves are the best I have ever had.  My husband had the kebabs and immediately wanted to come back for dinner.  :)  This is now on our list of absolute favorites!  Can't wait to go back and try more!
5	This place is unreal!! The food is so authentic,  fresh and delicious, I felt as if I was back in the Mediterranean! ! The staff was very knowledgeable about the food, ingredients and how it is prepared. The staff is also so accommodating, it couldn't be better if you were at your own house!!! I will be a repeat customer for sure!!Gary
3	Took my first trip to Charlotte ever and the first thing I ate wasn't fine southern cuisine but good Mediterranean food.  Le Kebab is a small place with outside seating.  The inside is clean and the staff is friendly and helpful with the menu (for those that aren't as familiar with Mediterranean food).I had the lentil soup, house salad and  lamb kebab.  My friend had chicken wings and the beef kebab.  The food was good and the prices are fair.  This place deserves another visit.
5	Very picky about Middle Eastern food & I have to say I was impressed. The soups, the salads, shawarma sandwiches etc. Making it my regular spot for sure!
5	I enjoy this place immensely!!! The food is way too good to be so affordable. The only mildly unpleasant experience I have had at Le Kabob was the one time I asked for a yogurt  beverage. It was ok but I got way too much. The wraps are great and the music and decorations are interesting but not overwhelming.
4	This place is the real deal. Amazing ethnic food in the university area!Hummus (spelled hommos on their menu - WHO KNEW?) is the freshest I've ever had. I've only had take out for lunch but I have heard their baklava is well worth the splurge. Tucked into a shopping center Le Kebab is working seeking out for a no frills lunch or dinner. Maybe not the best place to take a first date to impress them....
3	Service ok. Lamb shawarma over hummus was good and a generous portion. Add the hot sauce. The kibbeh was meh. Decent food close to campus. Reasonable prices.
5	The food is great. My favorite is to get the appetizer sampler with 3 different items. The prices are pretty cheap compared to other restaurants in Charlotte.
5	Great Mediterranean food. The chicken kebabs were juicy and well spiced. Great rice too! Hummus was thin, but tasty. The grape leaves were serves HOT which was surprisingly good.
5	Excellent food and service! My husband and I found ourselves hungry in Charlotte and after a quick yelp search we came across this place.  It was a little hard to find (our gps took us somewhere else) and we drove around the shopping center a couple of times but just as we were about to give up we found it! I had the lamb shawerma wrap on pita bread and fattoush salad, my husband had a similar lamb wrap.  We aren't very familiar with this type of food and we found the menu layout confusing, but left very happy.  Our server was also helpful and brought us out a little sample of their delicious hummus.  The meat was perfectly seasoned and tender, and I LOVE their pita bread. It was warm and soft and perfect. AndI loved the fattoush salad, so fresh and acidic.  We will definitely be going back.
4	Great service from the owner himself, really good gyro wrap and beautiful finish with kunafeh.
5	The food was so good.  The baba is awesome.  The children kabob with afghani style (Orange) was amazing.  Ask for the garlic sauce it was tasty. Overall great experience.
5	Wow this place really knows how to make and serve Lebanese / Arabic food I'm originally from Jordan and really outside of Detroit I have not found any restaurant worth visiting twice for authentic Arabic cuisine I am so impressed by the food I am going to recommend this to everyone If u want to know what a falafel wrap is supposed to taste like try it hereI will try to update the review as I try more things of the menuHammous and chicken Shawerma excellent and authentic This place is by far best Lebanese in Charlotte
5	I've had their chicken shawarma (pita wrap) and baba ganoush. The shawarma is one of the best I've had anywhere. Loved it so much, I went right back the next day and got another. The baba ganoush is also excellent, and they give you a huge portion of it, definitely enough for three or four people. On top of the great food, the staff are all really friendly.
5	Good food !!! Their chicken shawarma is one of the best I've tried, hummus is also very flavorful, a must restaurant to try in north Charlotte !!
3	The service was friendly. The hummus was good and I liked the olive oil on the dish. The pitta bread was not of the highest quality and tasted little stale.I ordered the beef kabob and was disappointed, I wish I ordered the chicken kabob instead, it was not as soft as I would hope for.On the other hand the rice (yellow basmati) was very good and nicely flavored. It was so much rice that I couldn't finish it.Over all I gave it 3 stars because the quality of the beef on the kabob.
4	First time here....always looking for good places before my French language classes up in the University Area. And it won't be my last time!Started with the Falaffel balls, with a delicious Tahini sauce. Very tasty and well seasoned. Due to the Yelp reviews, I tried the Lamb Shawarma which came with 2 sides, so I opted for their very delicious Lentil Soup (everyone who reviewed this was indeed correct - YUMMY) and the yellow basmati rice. The lamb didn't have any "funk" in it that it CAN have (at less than reputable establishments) and it was very delicious. A little "odd" in that they were small strips and not "Greek Gyro-like" in thicker strips....but boy do they give you a LOT of it. My only criticism is that the tahini sauce, which was the same they served with the Falaffel, didn't seem to go with the Lamb. A yogurt based sauce (like Tzatziki) would go better with the Lamb. But the lamb itself was delicious by itself.And just because I'm a Hummus Junkie, I had to leave with a side of their Hummus. I had it for breakfast the next day and it was very good! I'd personally like a tad more garlic in it but hey, it was very creamy and delicious.Oh, the staff and my server were all SUPER nice and friendly, and made sure my experience was a great one. It was. And when she found out it was my first time there, she threw in a Baklava for free. And it was very yummy as well!Overall a really great place for Simple but DELICIOUS Mediterranean food. Definitely a place to check out! For those of you on the South Side of Charlotte (like me), check out Jasmine Grill on South Blvd, which is just as good if not better than Le Kebob!
3	Food was outstanding and portions excellent for price. However, the service leaves a lot to be desired. After initial drinks/order we were mostly neglected. Took awhile to get the check/box.
3	Hookah is good but takes a bit for service. It took awhile to get service outside for Hookah.  Once it came service improved as they checked in frequently.
5	My new favorite lunch spot in Charlotte.  Amazing food!  Everything is fresh, authentic, and well worth the trip.
4	The food is fantastic, but the DO NOT deliver.
5	OVERALL: Best food in university.Service: attentive and curteous.Ambiance: Casual cafe style.Food: filling portions, simple dishes with complex flavors.  The Mozat (lamb shank) is the best lamb I have ever had.  Location: good for 2-4 people.  It is next to Jimmy Johns / near Total wine, not Picasos where the GPS takes you
4	FRESH AND TASTY FOOD.  Good customer service.  The rice a little to season for my taste.  The beef kabob too dry other than that everything was delicious.
5	I always get great food and good service. Never disappointed. I usually get the chicken shwerma or kebob.
5	My fav eating spot in Charlotte..Have tried most of their items in the menu..you can't go wrong with anything...let it be the appetizers or their entrees along with yellow rice pilaf and garlic dips..they are the best you can get!!!!!
5	This is one of the best places I've eaten. Everything is authentic and delicious. I enjoyed my lamb and rice.
5	I love the ambiance.  It's warm and cozy. The food was amazing. It was worth the wait. The service was nice and the servers were nice. I would come back again for sure.
