4	We went to the Stratosphere buffet as part of the dinner/show package deals. For only $5 more, we ate at the buffet before seeing the American Superstars show. Because of the price, I thought it would be one of the cheap buffets on the strip with a very limited selection of food items. I was pleasantly surprised at the selection and the taste of the food at the Stratosphere Buffet. Their rolled up bass fish fillet was very moist and tasty. The only drawback to this buffet was that our waiter did not come to clear our dishes until we have accumulated a small pile of dishes on our table. Other than that, it was good.
2	The buffet wasn't great- and we didn't even have to pay because it was comped by the hotel so I shouldn't really complain.It was just "OK" food, I've had better for sure.Others who said that hot items weren't kept hot were dead on... we actually read the Yelp reviews before heading to dinner but we figured if we got there right as the dinner buffet started (4pm) we would get the food while it was hot and freash. No such luck.The Bread Pudding was REALLY GOOD though!
3	You get what you pay for. Nothing is super fresh. Seating was okay, drink service was friendly. Other patrons were loud, lots ofkids. Not really somewhere I'd go again or recommend to others.
3	This actually used to be a pretty decent buffet many years ago. Don't know what happened.Mediocre to the max.Pros are that the service is very good and there's a self-serving soda fountain which is very convenient since you don't have to wait on the waiter to refill your drink. There's also never a line, but there's also a reason for that.
2	Breakfast is $20, but some nice lady clued us in on saving $5 if you sign up on the Stratosphere's Ace Play card at the Player's counter.  That's what we did.  10 min later, saved us $10.  There was no wait at either the player's counter nor The Buffet line.  Must mean something.This place is very ordinary even though they served snow crab legs during breakfast.  It served it's purpose for the day.  Since we were riding the roller coasters on top of the stratosphere, it was a one-stop shopping place.  I can't see any other reason to eat here.
4	3.5 rounded to 4 stars. No wait on a Friday evening and 25% off with the ACE Rewards card (free signup) brought the total down to about $15 each (also a great deal for a Friday night buffet).The food was very fresh at the time we went (5pm so it had just opened). Everything from cold cuts, to salads, and even cold cereals if you're in the mood. Plus the usuals like Mexican, Asian, Italian, and American fare. Carving station had semi-decent prime rib, and the desserts were okay.Not the greatest, nor the worst per a few reviews had stated. I guess if you feel like spending close to three times as much across the street at Wynn, that's your choice. But if I'm going to spend $40+ on dinner, it sure isn't going to be at a buffet, no matter how good it is.
3	I heard that the Stratosphere had revamped it's buffet. I thought it would be a good time to give it a try since I had two free buffet passes. The last time I was here all I can remember were their desserts . It wasn't because they were good...it was because the cake slices were hard like toast! I was hoping that wouldn't be the case this time. The Buffet was pretty good but I would suggest you don't eat any of the Asian food because they don't do a good job with it. My husband was happy they had a Nacho bar that won him over quickly! I liked that they had a baked potato bar because I do love a loaded potato. My husband said the carving station had three types of meat. I failed to notice because I always go straight for the prime rib. The prime rib was pretty good but a little too red. I'm happy to say that not any of the desserts were toasty this time around. I liked the fact that they had a nice selection of sugar free options. My favorite was the apple tart which was really tasty!
2	The food quality was just okay. It wasn't bad by any means, but you can go to other higher quality buffets in town. The bananas foster however was pretty good. As for the other desserts, my sprinkles on my yogurt tasted Luke garlic salt... I was begging people for gum for the next few hours.
3	None of the food was exceptionally tasty except the mexican selections and the macaroni salad. It was just an average buffet. Desert was  a little disappointing. I just nibbled on some cookies. It was a nice attempt but needs to be updated
3	Really not bad as hotel buffets in Vegas go.....  Relatively inexpensive, not much of a line, decent selection and, for buffet food, not bad.
3	When I stayed at Stratosphere, the food was AMAZING for brunch. I loved the varieties of food and the service. Moreover, I believe I paid $24 for the whole entire day. That was awesome! The only problem was dinner was quite lackluster. The level of quality seemed to dip dramatically. When I came back to Stratosphere on another trip when I went out of my way to see the American Superstars show (which is gone now regrettably) and paid only $5 extra to get the buffet in addition, I was still bothered by the low level of quality in the food for dinner. The food seemed old and dry and not flavorful. So, perhaps the way to go is to enjoy their brunches. Awesome, fresh donuts and desserts then too! If it were their brunch, they would get 5 stars!
3	My husband and I always come here the morning we're leaving vegas. Why? Mainly because we're too cheap and don't have a dime to spend on extravagant buffets. Plus, if you have the Ace Card you get 25% Off and you can use the points on your card to deduct the amount. The second reason is I like their Egg Benedict. =PHonestly, don't all buffets serve eggs, pancakes and such in the morning anyways?How can any other buffets make better eggs? EXTRA SPIT PLEASE?!?!I don't dare come here for dinner though! =P
3	I went for dinner back in March, around 6PM. It was mediocre. I didn't have anything really terrible, but nothing was amazing either. I wish that my drink had been refilled more often, but that's my only real complaint. They had a good variety of food, so whatever you are in the mood for they'll probably have. None of the food that I had was really dry or flavorless like other reviewers have mentioned, but again, I went shortly after opening. I felt a little sick afterwards, but I think that's because I was STARVING when we got there and waaaaay overate. So that's my own fault and probably isn't a reflection of the food.I probably wouldn't go back for dinner, but I might try their brunch. It's convenient if you're staying at the Stratosphere, but I don't see any reason to eat here if you aren't. Also, make sure you get the Ace Card for the discount (as everyone else has said).
3	Won a free buffet with my players card, so we went for dinner one evening. Service decent, the selection was alright.The veggies were really fresh, however the salad bar selection was lacking in variety. The mashed potatoes were da bomb- shocker for a buffet, but these were really good. Ribs- meh. Prime Rib- OKselection overall was good.Closes at 10pm.
2	Taco Bar, Baked Potato Bar, and Sandwich Bar: occupied half of the buffet.  How lazy.I'm so glad this is was an expense paid business trip otherwise I'd be pissed.
4	A little pricey at $19.99, but I had a 25% off perk from getting a ticket to a show (Frankie Moreno - see him!) so we did dinner at the buffet.  The selection was pretty good, solid and well planned out.  The Prime Rib was VERY good as was the Chicken Marsala, though it could have been warmer.  My husband loved the sushi.  Big fan of the carrot cake, as it was moist and fresh and very well made. Over all, a solid 3.5 stars.
1	SUCKED...disgusting wannabe Chinese food and sushi.  Taco trucks taste better than their taco station, yuck!  At $20 a pop, it was absolutely not worth it.  Kids are the same price; we should have gone to their burger joint.  If I had more time, I wanted to try the buffet at The Cosmopolitan, but we had to head back to Primm.  Of all places, I figured Statosphere would have a decent spread, NOT!  Everything was salty, the potstickers were probably from Costco Ling Ling's, total blah & big disappointment!
1	Horrible. I have eaten at almost every buffet in vegas, and this was "the" worst. We saw roaches crawling on the wall, food was dry and the people were very offputing.This may be the worst Buffet in American history. If you want the dumps, runs or quirts, eat here!
4	i thought this buffet was one of the best ive had. unfortunately we didnt even know it existed untilo our last day in the hotel. the stratosphere advertises their 50's diner like crazy (which we were very unimpressed with) i didnt see one single sign that advertised the buffet, the directory leading to it happened to catch my eye as we were checking out wondering where to go to eat, we went there and everything tasted really good. there wasnt one thing we put on our plates that we didnt enjoy. and i thought the service was nice. and this was on a monday morning
3	Not a big fans of buffets but this one was okay. The food didn't all taste microwaved like other buffets do. They could use a bigger selection of food. The service was decent. One star for the food being okay, one star for the service, and one star because the last buffet we had was atrocious, so this place seemed worlds better.
1	Yuk!  Yuk!  Yuk!I went hear with a friend for lunch and the food was gross beyond belief.  This was the second worse buffet I have ever been to (the 1st is the one at Buffalo Bills).I am not kidding when I say that you can eat better food from a can.  I would rather eat dog food, than the food served here.  What a joke.  And the prices are ridiculous!  I think lunch was $16.99!
2	My husband and I ate here during our recent trip to Vegas.  We were staying in the hotel and were given a coupon when we checked in.  There was a pretty big selection of foods available however none of it tasted very fresh.  The ribs were too tough to chew, the egg rolls were mushy and lacked any actual meat inside, the pastas were over cooked , and the black forest cake was the worst I have ever eaten.  Our server seemed out of it, she couldn't seem to remember our drink orders even though we were just a table of two and there were only 4 or 5 other tables seated in her section, and come on its a buffet so bringing the drinks is about the only thing they have to do.  The only thing I really did like were the pot stickers- I have a soft spot for pot stickers.  Overall I've had worse but I've definitely had better too, much better.  I probably won't return.
1	I would go as far as saying this could be the worst buffet in Vegas... Food dry, over cooked, and over seasoned... When I  paid $16.99 i was only paying for the costumer service so that's why I gave a star!
1	This buffet was the worst buffet I have ever had in Las Vegas.  I took the family - dad, sister, brother-in-law, nieces and nephews.  They had never eaten at a buffet in Vegas before and we had just been up the Stratosphere tower to see the sights and enjoy the rides.  That was a great experience.  The buffet was just the opposite.  First of all, it was $20 per adult and $15 per child.  Not too extravagant but I was expecting a much better meal.  The place was clean and the server was efficient, but it all comes down to the food.  Terrible, awful, disgusting.  The prime rib was chewy and tasteless.  There was no shrimp, crab legs, or any kind of shell fish.  The deserts tasted like they had been sitting out for days if not weeks.  All the food was bland.  I don't have the words.  The chicken Marsala was so tough and dry I couldn't cut it with my knife.  I could go on and on.  We made the most of it by inventing a contest to see who could produce the worst food at the buffet.  Needless to say we all won - the only thing I won in Vegas last weekend!
3	Surprisingly decent, went there for brunch.  Pretty decent selection, it was clean and the decor looked modern.
3	It was ok. Nothing to special the food was a hit or a miss .
2	Mediocre food. Unlimited eating for $30 per day. Go to Belagio buffet for lunch at 3pm instead. $20. Much better. \
1	This place was nasty... I wouldn't eat here ever again... It cost 60$ for 2 people and the food isn't worth 5dollars ... I would have rather ate at McDonald's ...
1	WOW and no not in a good way. This place was really bad. The staff was really nice don;t get me wrong but the food was like leftovers from 2 days ago. We visited this buffet last year in May and I hope they have improved since then. We won;t ever find out because we aren't going back any time soon.
3	This buffet was way better than than the circus circus no doubt!  Thanks server bobby for making it enjoyable and for getting everybody to sing for my ten year old!!  The food was ok but...my favorite is the eggs benedict and the crab legs!
5	I am sad to read all the bad reviews for this place, but come on I had an amazing experience here!  After eating at the Circus Circus buffet the prior day this place was golden.  The servers were friendly and the food was absolutely delicious!  They have anything and everything you could want to eat!  The fruit is fabulous (watermelon so so sweet!), the donuts were yummy, the breakfast foods were scrumptious, the soup was awesome, and pretty much everything else was delicious!  The desserts were so pretty but I was too full to try them!  Although the people in my party said the chocolate cake and cookies were delicious!  If the buffet seems too expensive, get an ace card and that will get you like 25% off your buffet.  I think you need to give it a try and you may have an awesome experience.  We went on a Thursday so it wasn't as expensive as a weekend buffet, but try it and you will most likely love it!
1	Breakfast is ok.  Lunch and dinner are horrible.  The food is bland in some cases and plain awful in other cases.   The Stratosphere does a lot of things well.  The Buffett isn't one of them.
2	Sad Buffet, food quality was terrible (even for a buffet). When you walk in the buffet line seems like it would have a lot of food selection because of its size but when you actually get in there you don't end up with a whole lot of choices. I'm a desert person and I didn't like a thing on the desert buffet.The dinner buffet wasn't too terrible but with all your choices in Vegas I wouldn't stop here again.
4	Was craving a breakfast buffet at 11am and all the others were switched to lunch. Lots of selection for the price and the majority of the food was good. Made to order omelets was an added bonus. Minus for no Belgium waffles.
3	The carnitas tasted like pulled pork, very scrumptious, deserts included bananas foster, cakes galore, and clam chowder was nice. It's all good when your on a budget.
4	This buffet isn't bad at all...honestly. There was a wide variety of food to choose from. $19.99 per person for a weekday dinner, I got full PLUS my family and I did not encounter any stomach problems. So that's a good thing, right?? =)Perhaps I'm not spoiled when it comes to buffets. I don't care about crab legs, clams or any of those "expensive luxurious" food because it'll all gonna come out of your system anyways. ;) *ahem...tmi...i know* I'm a simple kind of girl when it comes to food. Give me the simple stuff....pizza, spaghetti, eggrolls, sushi, soup, salad, bbq sausage, red velvet cake, cupcakes, cookies. Seriously...food is just food. I rather spend my $30+ that some of these newer buffets are charging on a mini shopping spree. =)
2	We went in for breakfast at around 11 am, I was initially a bit worried about them switching to lunch only but to my surprise, the breakfast goes on along with lunch untill 4pm.The eggs, menudo and tamales were horrible, the salmont was fairly decent, desserts section had nothing special.The mimosas, champagne, coffe and soft drinks are included with free refills.The staff is ok and very attentive.Overall 2 stars because of convenience and price.If you can, avoid this place and go to  Ruby's dinner, not a buffet but portions are large and food is awesome.
3	Reasonably priced for unlimited Crab Legs & Champagne. The staff is super friendly and loss with the bubbly. The food is all on the average side nothing screamed out at me but I was quite satisfied. I was quite happy to see they had Minnie Fruit Tarts.... I love me some fruit tarts. I think that and the Strawberries and whip cream mad it worth it for me. We went for the weekend brunch so it had breakfast and lunch options, which I enjoyed. The only thing there was none of was pasta choices but there was pizza. I could see myself coming back here.
4	We got an all day pass, I like this buffet.  Good solid food, $35 all you can eat all day.  Mimosas in the morning and crab legs at night. Our drink server (Lillymae)was fantastic at what she does. It's not a very fun job but she did it well. I see no reason not to do the buffet again.
2	Brunch 1 Star~Dinner 3 Stars ~~Had two complimentary meals here. The first I used right away for Brunch which includes free (cheap quality) champagne. The Brunch selection was horrible! Very small selection and could not really even put together a decent meal. There was just not that much to choose from, and what I got was nasty with a capital N. However, towards the end of my trip I decided to take the free meal comp since the coupon was expiring that night. I opted for dinner with very low expectations, as in not expecting anything decent other than the Diet Coke and maybe a few egg rolls. To my surprise, dinner was great! The selection was easily four or five times larger, and I ate and ate until I could not eat anymore! The tortellini was fantastic, as were the chicken breasts, and cheese cubes. The desserts were pretty below average, but still edible. Yes, I would say go for dinner and its worth the $20. But there are much better buffets out there. I just say don't expect much from the North part of the strip or downtown.
1	This place sucks! I give it 0 stars. It's cheap, but you pay for what it's worth. I went with my family & the food was cold & nasty . In top of that "supposedly" it's unlimited champaign but after the 5th cup they cut us off! What the fuck! We weren't even drunk or anything . The waitress was rude &I would not even come check on us . I will never go here again. I rather go to the Mandalay bay buffet. It's a little more pricer but it's worth it! Never again.
4	I am not a buffet connoisseur by any means. I did enjoy this buffet. The food was good with a good selection. I had the champagne breakfast. Wasn't in the mood to drink after the night before, but because I was forced to pay for it, I had a couple of bubbly champagnes.
3	If your in the hotel or casino and looking for a decent meal than this will do. Food is okay just typical buffet food at a decent price.
4	You definitely get what you pay for here: quality comfort food with no frills. I came to Stratosphere for the dinner buffet and was pleased with the relatively low price. There was a salad bar, Mexican food spread, several pastas, a baked potato bar, a basic but well made meat assortment, fresh fruits and a pretty intense variety of desserts. The quality of the main dishes was above average but I wasn't impressed by the quality of the desserts.  The selection was cool so maybe I just came on a bad day? Definitely somewhere to come if you want a decent buffet at a low price.
4	You definitely get what you pay for here: good quality comfort food. We came to the stratosphere to go up to the observation deck. After seeing everything we wanted to see we decided to eat at the buffet for the first time. Me and my wife were both surprised on how clean the buffet was and how good all the food was, nice,fresh and hot. Even the service was excellent. We will definitely be visiting the buffet at the stratosphere again.
3	3.5 starsNot an enormous selection, but all of the food was decent quality. The usual selection of American, Mexican and Asian food. The mac n cheese was the only item that I thought was inedible. My major complaint is that the dessert selection is very small! No chocolate mousse, which seems to be the standard at Vegas buffets, so that was disappointing.
5	Good food, good variety. We have only eaten there once as we have only stayed at Stratosphere once. It's a bad part of town at night. We were approached by a street level hooker at the nearby gas station when we stopped in for a soda. Sure lady, come shower in our room...NOT. If it weren't for the bad area we would stay there again. But this is about the buffet. We had breakfast. It was good and affordable.
2	Way too expensive considering the food is not so great! I expected a lot more for it being the Stratosphere!
1	It was overly priced for food that looked like it sat there all day! Dry meat and not a lot of choices! I couldn't even make a decent salad! Worried about even trying the fish and the deserts looked gross!
3	It's not bed, u can not hv this many selections at this rate, and the food is decent, with great meat and a lot of vegetables
3	Good is actually pretty legit. The have breakfast and lunch til 4pm. If you have the hangover munchies and don't wanna travel far stop by here. Bring your players card and get 25% off the $20 price tag. They have "make it yourself" omelets, regular breakfast selections, Asian cuisine, taco bar, basic dessert selection, and free refills on mimosa's. On a personal note, try wrapping a piece of watermelon in bacon, it will change your perspective on life =)
1	I was starving getting of the plane and had to wait about 5 hours to check in this crappy hotel so my family had to sit in that buffet for 5 hours...and the food was eatible but I wouldn't eat there again. Just regular omelet,  burrito,  soup. There was not even small steak or something worth the price. Water was kinda treasure since the waitress had too many people to take care of so we only had 2 cups of water and thats it for 5 hours.
3	I would probably give this buffet 3.5 stars. Let me start out by saying it's not the best of the best when it comes to buffets but it is good for the price. Some state the price is too high but lets face it people, this is Las Vegas, prices are going to be high. Besides even where I live the crappy Chinese buffet is about the same price.Let's move on to the food. I arrived at breakfast and was first in line and waited for them to open. Perfect time to go to a buffet as everything is fresh. I ate pretty much only breakfast foods because it was very early, my last day in vegas and I had pretty much reached my limit food wise.There were hits and misses. The pancakes HIT! had seconds of those. When i got there they were wrapped in Saran wrap and so soft and tender. By the time I went for seconds the wrap was removed (I in fact removed it) and the pancakes were crusty. The chicken fried steak and gravy, miss. Flavorless. As was the corned beef hash and eggs benedict. Strike that, the eggs Benedict had flavor, it was just an odd flavor. Lots and and lots pastries to choose from! Very delicious.There were lots of dinner options out which I had none of as it was simply too early. I have uploaded several photos so you can check them out.Omelet station as well as cereal station and lots of fruit. Some of the items were still not out yet as i noticed some of tables were empty.So i'm rating this for breakfast. for under $20 I had an excellent breakfast with many options. Granted I didn't enjoy some of the items but its easy enough to find something I thoroughly enjoyed.My waiter was flamboyant, amusing and attentive. He was a joy first thing in the morninghttp://www.meonlybetterfitness.com
4	Food was outstanding! One of the best buffets in the area. Waiters was very nice and kept our drinks full the entire time. Do not know if they do military discounts.
1	Back at The Stratosphere Buffett last weekend.   I got Buffett comps or I wouldn't have gone back.   The food choices and quality have not changed.  You may as well go to Old Country Buffett.......both are terrible.
1	Soooooooo, there's a lot of people eating here at this buffet.... Why? I don't know... Maybe I've been spoiled but I want to give this buffet a two thumbs down and no stars.  I sampled everything on the menu, even the prime rib(which the host told me "if prime rib is out it's a 5 star buffet" that was a lie).  Granted I ate here on a Monday evening, so the crab was not on the menu, but like I said, I sampled EVERY item on the buffet and was thoroughly disappointed.  Luckily I ate here for free from a timeshare presentation but I swear if you pay for this buffet you will regret it.  Everything tastes like it came out of a box...  No authentic flavors...  Don't do it, you can leave this buffet off your bucket list....
1	Dinner buffet....HORRID!!!  Only thing that was descent about this buffet was the soda.  Thank goodness we did not have to pay.  I would caution anyone about eating here, especially if you have to pay for it.  Everything I sampled was disgusting or had some strange taste, like the melted cheese for nachos.  How do you mess up melted cheese?  Oh wait, the carnitas taco that you make yourself were tolerable....but everything else was so disappointing.  If I were given passes again I would throw them away, I wouldn't even torture someone by giving them away.  Spare yourself!!!
1	Hostess Heydi was rude and wouldn't even make eye contact when I asked her a question. She presented as if she was annoyed that I was even asking a question. Server Myriam asked us for our drinks, brought them and then proceeded to serve everyone around us, except us! I had to track her down to re-order my drink. Then, as we were planning our activities for the day, we lingered at the table. The place was empty and they kept staring at our table and talking. They weren't closing for another 45 minutes, so I know it wasn't that they were waiting on us. I asked my best friend if he noticed what I had noticed, and he he agreed. We have always enjoyed coming here but now, we will be going to other places thanks to the poor customer service of Heydi and Myriam.
1	I was so hung over this morning I almost flew to Tijuana Mexico for the donkey show. Instead I decided to try out the Stratosphere buffet. I really wish I would have woke up next to the donkey instead of at this buffet. It was gross. $8 for two mimosas that were made from rubbing alcohol and orange kool-aid.  Somehow someway they could not figure out how to make eggs. The chicken steak wasn't chewable even for a lion. I tried to taste lunch and dinner just to get my $20 worth and it was even worse. Not a lot of choices and the chefs looked pissed off to be at work. Fly to TJ and get your donkey show for $10 and you'll have $10 left over for some beers. beers............beers..........beers..........beers..........beers..........beers..........beers..........beers..........
1	Do NOT eat breakfast here, husband and I came for brunch paid 21.99....to expensive for the mediocre food...deserts were old, food was bland, nothing to rave about...better off eating in the Diner located in the Casino....perhaps the lunch or dinner is better??
3	Sunday September 28th 2014,We visited the buffet for the champagne brunch which included crab legs, I feel it was a great deal for the price. I had the crab legs, roasted turkey, potatoes, fresh fruit, loved the garlic bread it was toasty like a crouton but delicious, my opinion.  The mimosa's were great and the waitress brought them out 2 at a time. I finished with a slice of cheese cake I believe it was raspberry or blueberry that was delicious too.
5	$20pp for all you can drink champagne and all you can eat crab legs.  I don't even care about everything else.  That gets five stars alone.  Our server was also so friendly and engaging, especially to a drunk, obnoxious group.The crab legs were cooked well and so delicious, even better than the last buffet I visited where it was $35pp.  There may not be as many other options, but everything was still pretty tasty.  I was also a fan of the salmon and mussels.
1	Don't like the service it took me over 10 minutes to get a refill on my beverage each time the workers came by it looked like they did their best to avoid eye contact I would never come here again. Food isn't much better either all the meats I tried were dry and flavorless, the dessert was the only positive thing that came out of this buffet. Do yourself a favor and go to Luxor's buffet long line but they have such a selection
2	You know people must still be drunk when they rate this place anything over 3 stars. I'm giving it a two because of the awesome service we had from our waiter. The food is pretty terrible. Don't get me wrong, there are a plethora of options here. It's just that very little of it is any good at all. As in rubbery, old, tired, barely being able to be passed off as edible food. The salad and the super sweet and sticky chicken wings were my favorites out of this delightful meal. The carving lady (must have lost her job as the cafeteria lunch lady) did me a real favor when she cut me the most anemic piece of steak. Must have been saving the rest for tomorrow's buffet. Only come here if you are extremely hungry and have absolutely no concern about taste or quality.
1	This is actually my third time eating at this buffet & wasn't satisfied with the variety of food choices also it wasn't tasty like before maybe new chefs if they want competition with other casinos they need to improve a lot not only wasn't the food good my boyfriend & I were gonna have dessert but there were a few flies on it bad environment that's why there rating is 2 1/2 that explains it the only good thing about Stratosphere is nice rooms
2	We went to the Buffet at the Stratosphere on a Friday evening at 8:30PM. It was pretty empty.  Although it was fairly empty, the cashier took her time, making us wait more than a minute (even though there was no one there), she was busy organizing receipts.  So, we had to wait and stare at her, for her to call us.  Once we got seated, we noticed immediately that the decor and ambiance of this place was pretty poor, boring, and not inspiring at all.  The plus on this visit was that Tony (I believe that was his name) really tried his best to make us happy and provided good and friendly service.We did not find any of the food items to be over the top spectacular and found probably about half to slightly more than half to be bland and uninspiring. With so many buffet options in Las vegas, we would not return here, unless ratings dramatically improved.  It is lower priced than some on the strip, but in this case, you truly get what you pay for.
2	I overheard it was closed until December. We didn't even bother trying to make our way into the buffet. I'm glad I didn't after reading the reviews. Very sad I didn't get the vegas buffet experience but if this was in comparison to hometown buffet I'll gladly pass...
4	3.5 stars rounded up for value.  First, I think you have to come in with regular expectations.  If you come in expecting a Four Seasons type buffet, of course you will be disappointed.  I stayed at the Stratosphere and tried the dinner buffet once ($21) at 4pm and breakfast buffet  ($18) once around 8am.    Both were totally acceptable and fine.  At dinner I tried the Mexican bar, the Chinese bar and Dessert section.  Pork tamale was flavorful, there were flour tortillas, condiments, etc.   Chinese food (fried rice, chicken wings, beef, noodles, etc.) was good---beef  and chicken were very tender (I was pleasantly surprised).  I was especially surprised by the dessert bar.  Cake was moist, as were the cookies and bread pudding.  At breakfast I tried the chorizo eggs, various types of hash, biscuit with gravy, a dollar sized pancake and french toast.  Biscuit was fairly dry but that is not a surprise at any buffet but the pancake, while not made to order, was also nicely soft.  I am frequent patron of high end buffets in LA  which cost $70-$100 per person (Four Seasons, Ritz, etc.).  Stratosphere is of course not on that level, but it IS a great bargain at $21.  If I stayed at the hotel again, I'd absolutely eat there again as well.
