4	No freezers, no can openers, or microwaves- this is probably my favorite fast casual Mexican restaurant. I've had the tacos (fish tacos are good), the fajitas (the chicken fajitas are very good), and a few of the burritos, but my favorite menu item is the Diablo Shrimp Burrito- shrimp, black beans, rice, jack cheese and spicy sauce. I got my husband hooked on it, except he has the sauce on the side.I was curious about the langostino lobster burrito so I got it this past weekend. It was not good; too much rice, I mean, overstuffed with rice. I don't like too much rice in my burrito.I'm giving high marks for the following: good service, fresh food, free drink refills, clean restaurant, and your choice of salsa (sad about discontinuing the mango salsa but the pineapple salsa is a nice alternative- a bit spicy but I like the kick). I almost forgot to mention that it's reasonable. Also available is covered outdoor seating. They do large orders- Party Packs. Do some shopping while you're in the area- Target, Buffalo Exchange, Albertson's, TJ Maxx, and Toys R Us.
3	Let me just say I like Baja fresh, mostly for their variety of great tasting salsas @ the salsa bar. I also appreciate the cilantro is available solo - not mixed with onions like @ Rubio's.  I do prefer the food @ rubio's but you get what you pay for calorie wise - so if it tastes better its probably worse for you. If I could combine Rubio's food with Baja Fresh salsa, it would be perfection. I recently went to this baja fresh location on Ash Wednesday before going to mass down the road. I was starving and ate like a prisoner about to take my food away, yup it was that serious. I hadnt eaten really all day b/c ur supposed to fast on Ash wed and are only allowed 2 snacks and one meal but the 2 snacks cant equal the one meal - somethin like that. I went with the 2 blackened mahi mahi tacos (that I normally order in Hendo by the Galleria) which are normally really good. Unfortunately this was mahi mahi was so dry, blackened ( and not in a spice way but a burned way) maybe they didnt know thats what that meant? ah well I ate it b/c i was starving but i probably wouldnt order it again from this location.
4	Fresh food for a decent price. I got a build your own burrito and it was huge. It was packed with chicken, beans, cheese lettuce tomato. Great deal for the price. Would probably eat there again. Viva las Mexico
4	Really close to my work...you really can't bet a fast, affordable, semi healthy lunch.  I really like how they have changed their menu to include the health information.  Helps to make a more informed decision.  The staff at this location is very friendly.  Gotta love a free salsa bar and chips too! Will I be back to this location?  Definitely.
5	Wow wow wow. Here I am, a chipotle lover for 5 solid years, and Baja Fresh sneaks up and just blows it out of the water! How this place isn't more popular absolutely blows my mind.  Many more options than Chipotle, and it seems that their food is indeed extra fresh. Gimme a god damn burrito from baja any day.
4	I had to stop by since all the ones around me are long gone.  The steak nachos are to die for, no skimping here, plenty of guacamole and sour cream.  This location is super clean and has a well stocked salsa bar.  I had totally forgotten about the pineapple salsa! so good!  Prices are on the high side but if you join their email club they will send coupons regularly.
5	The best place ever . We tried 3 items and all of them are kick a**.  God I almost had spiritual orgasm.
3	I must say Baja fresh was the veteran (well in Vegas atleast) for the fresh Mexican food trend. If you'd rather have others choose your burrito/taco toppings for you this palce is for you since all of it is already determined for you. I usually get the baja burrito with steak, pretty tasty. I probably like their steak best compared to thier other popular competitors.  I also recently tried the torta with chicken, which is a new menu item.  The grilled vegetables was a nice touch and the bread was pretty good too. But I must say the bread was a bit too fluffy, if that makes any sense? Their prices are about $1.50 higher more or less than Chipotle's or Qdoba because their menu items automatically come with chips. Unlike the others which have it as an option. I really do love the salsa bar, which gives them that little edge. One more plus is they probably have the most menu options. They also help out the community by offering those Baja Fresh fundraiser nights, shows that they care about the communities they cater to. Sad to say I probably visit Baja Fresh the least probably because their food doesn't taste as fresh as the others.
5	Loved the one I had to drive 30 minutes to get to in WA, was thrilled to find them all over the LV Valley! I am so addicted to thier smoky queso, I could hurt myself eating this stuff. I use it as a treat to reward myself with for long days or finished projects. Today I tried the tortilla soup because I was feeling under the weather. Wow! It's cheesy and spicy and really yummy. Can't believe I've never tried it before!
4	After a long day in Las Vegs, a group of four gals walked into Baja, with a desire to have some serious Fresh food.  The service from Alex was amazing.  He conversated with us and went out of his way to make sure that we were happy with our orders.  Tortilla chips, Fire-grilled Skinny Chicken Bowl with AVOCADO!!!, and a diet soda. I was set.  The service was amazing, the food was cooked to order, and we were in and out quick, with no problem.  If this wasn't a chain, I seriously would have considered giving it a five-star review.
4	I like how fast and fresh the food is at Baja Fresh. They also have a nice salsa bar. Much better quality than Taco Bell. (Though I do love me some Taco Bell)
4	Before I write anything else about Baja Fresh I got two words for ya: Mango Salsa. OMG do they sell it to go in large quantities? I need to ask when I go back! It took a bit longer than I liked to place my order but that's the only complaint I have about the place. It's clean, the service once they get to you is fast, and it's priced right. I liked the salsa bar...the 6 pepper salsa was really good but it took a back seat to the over the top mango salsa. That stuff...is pure awesomeness in a little cup. I ordered a wahoo bowl, and as I was looking at the bowl I didn't see any processed or artificial crap. I saw fresh veggies, perfectly seasoned and flavorful fish, not too much rice, and the portion size was good without being excessive. That's important when you're trying to watch portion sizes and you find a place with good food. Will I be back? Absolutely. I'm looking forward to it. 4 Stars definitely seems appropriate here.(Yelp 100 in 2013 Challenge #24)
4	Kind of expensive but Some of the best Mexican Food In Vegas. Come Early in the Day to enjoy the Full Assortment of Salsa's and it IS UNLIMITED CHIPS.  Just ASK.  The Grilled Fish Taco's are Amazing.  Avoid the Deep Fried Fish Taco.
4	The Baja fish crispy tacos with cabbage are good - I substituted the rice/beans with a green salad.  The sauce on the tacos is awesome - yummy!
5	Staff is always friendly and this location is very clean. They have a fully stocked salsa bar and chips come with most of your purchases. I always get the same thing, the Baja chicken burrito. I'm never disappointed and the wait is always short. Perfect for a quick lunch break, and definitely a healthier option than all the grease soaked food locations that surround the area.
4	I try my best not to go to fast food chains , but this place is definitely different , every thing is prepared to order and is fully customizable to your like or dislikes , I usually go for the tostada salad these days which is awesome , it's filled with your choice of meat , fresh romaine lettuce , guac , cheese , pico and choice of black or pinto beans in a crispy flour shell ( which is so hard not to eat the whole thing ) , the flavors are great on everything I've ordered here , used to rave about the chicken quesidillas but have been trying to eat a little healthier ( that's why only eat part of the tostada shell lol ) , there salsa bar is regularly stocked and fresh as well ,  beware tho of their queso and chips which can leave you with a craving at the oddest times , usually when they are closed !! It's a rather large serving of chips with a smokey chipotle cheese sauce to dunk those freshly made chips in, Omg yummy !! There are way more health conscious choices available , but I like what I like lol ! So if you are in the mood for some freshly prepared Mexican food , that is relatively good for you and is not Taco Bell or some tackily decorated mom and pop shop where greasy is king then this is the place  you gotta try !!
2	Menu was incorrect, they didn't have some of the items advertised on there in store menu anymore. Food was definitely sub par. My tortilla soup was edible but it didn't taste like tortilla soup. The chicken meat in my taco had no flavor. My husband said his Baka taco was good. And my sister in laws quesadilla tasted like a quesadilla. On an up note, the salsa bar salsas were pretty good.
5	I frequent this location a lot. It's a fav of mine. Not located in a good area but it is a great store. Salsa bar always fresh which is pretty important to me. Love love love the salsa. They have a great lime salsa, pick salsa, hot salsa.. You name it. They will always give you chips with whatever u order even if your meal doesn't come with chips. You can also buy a refillable cup that you can bring back and get dollar refills. Most of their stuff you can make pretty healthy. Patio area outside is large if you want to sit outside. Overall great place and will come back soon!
