4	The beauty of walking is you get to see all the small hole-in-the-wall joints you typically miss if you're driving around.T & K's Soul Food does both take out as well as dine in; most people tend to get their food to go.  My friend and I both ordered their rib dinner which consists of 4 rib bones, 2 sides and cornbread.  I chose mac 'n cheese and collard greens for my sides and my buddy got mac 'n cheese and mashed potatoes.Ribs were super super super meaty and tender.  They were lukewarm, which shows they were cooked ahead of time, but ribs do take time to cook.  I would've preferred them piping hot though.  Mac 'n cheese was super super super good.  I love mac 'n cheese and I mean the real thing; sorry Kraft.  The collard greens were pretty standard; not amazing but not bad.For 12 bucks it's definitely a pretty sweet deal.  For me it's 3.5 stars and I'll definitely be back to try their fried chicken.
3	I had pretty much the same experience as a previous reviewer.Rib dinner with greens and mac-n-cheese for sides. The ribs were lukewarm and came with choice of BBQ sauces. I had the hot which hinted of tabasco. I liked the sides much more than the ribs. Everything was authentic southern comfort food.Service was friendly and good. Cash only establishment. The plate was $13 and tax which I guess is par given their size, but a bit pricey compared to TX and Seattle albeit much larger establishments.
4	I had a cheesesteak sandwich here and it was soooooooo good. The place is small, the menu is hand-written and I felt a little awkward but it was totally worth it. They also have an impressive selection of pies (!) which I didn't have enough cash to try :( The sandwich was HUGE, impossible to eat without getting down and dirty in it, overflowing with green and banana peppers and mushrooms and grilled onions and cheese. Their fries are also great - they're the thick, steak kind.
4	In my sizable experience, the worse a hole in the wall a BBQ Pit is, the more finger lickingly delicious their food is.  T & K's is no exception.  The decor, atmosphere and service are not going to win any awards, but the soul food is as good as it gets.  the prices are extremely reasonable, it was $10 for my meal and they gave me a ton of ribs.  I got the pork ribs with 1/2 honey mustard sauce and 1/2 hot sauce, and a side of mashed potatoes and greens.  The sides were savory, rich and fresh, and the ribs were some of the best I've ever had.  I'd go back in a heart beat, but plan on getting the food and taking it to go for a summer picnic dinner!
4	This place was a perfect late night eat before a night full of fun.  I needed some greasy delicious food before I started my night and Oakland, and T & K supplied it.  The wings I ordered were whole jumbo wings, and they were a great price.  For 7 bucks, I got a half dozen whole wings that were freshly fried right before my eyes.I still cannot decide what was better, the coleslaw, the wings, or the owner's genuinely kind personality.
