5	The Ricas Cemita is the best sandwich in Las Vegas. Tender carnitas, Oaxacan cheese, a roasted pepper on a hot sesame roll makes this my favorite Mexican restaurant. They also have good tacos al carbon and de carnitas. Skip the fountain drinks and go straight to the refrigerator by the door for Mexican cokes.
4	4.5 starsFINALLY!!!!   I've found real Mexican food in Las Vegas!  I've been searching for over 4 years.  It's been an emotional roller coaster of getting my hopes up only to be disappointed time and time again.  Growing up in Southern California I guess I have high standards.  But no more let downs, my search is ended.This place is no joke.  It's as good if not better than many of the taco trucks I've eaten at in L.A.They serve the best, most perfectly cooked, perfectly seasoned tripas.  The buche was awesome - tender and juicy.  Carnitas - not tex mex crap - this is the real deal.  Like southern pulled pork.Cabeza was great, the carne asada solid, the al pastor was up there.I've had better tortillas but I'm not complaining - these worked.The food was so delicioso it actually brought a little tear to my eye.  And talk about cheap eats.  Tacos are like a buck each.  Be sure not to order more than 2 or 3 tacos per person at a time - they're best served hot off the grill.  You can always go back to the counter and order again, and again, and again....And be sure to throw a five spot in their tip jar, they deserve it.(photos submitted)
5	Now when ever I get that craving for some real tacos... there is a place to go.  This place makes the best tacos I've had in vegas...  The tacos are just as good as the tacos from the taco trucks in L.A.The only drawback to this place is that they don't open late ( sign in the window showed they close at 8pm) and it's cash only.So if you're going to go ( and I highly recommend it), don't go late and hit the ATM before you go...
5	This is by far the best mexican food in las vegas. They have almost anything you can think of but the tacos are the best. They are just the way a taco should taste authentic mexican. They only accept cash but do have an ATM inside for you to withdraw cash. The wait is only about 15 min for you to get you food .......but of course they're always packed so thats great service in my opinion. Everyone is friendly there if I could 20 stars not just five   :)
5	This is where the Mexicans come to eat. Hands down the best tacos and tortas in Las Vegas. Im not a big man but when I come here I eat like one. Everytime I come here I eat four tacos 2 Chicken 2 Carne and a torta, the best in town. absolutely love this place
3	My 100th review is a tribute to "street food" - Tacos El Compita is in a strip center, and was fast and authentic.  We were limited on cash (forgot it was cash only in other reviews), but scraped together enough for a 5-taco plate (I got the juicy tongue/lengua, and the boy had 2 beef, 1 carnitas and 1 pollo), a side of sliced avocado, and 1 Mexican coke (bf only drinks h2o).  The food was fast, the salsa bar very nice (radishes, whole raw jalepenos, pico, onions and cilantro, very spicy salsas - loved the green especially).  The tacos had onions and salsa on them, and my poor bf doesn't do spicy food too well, so he got the avocado to cool him down while I was dipping it in the green sauce!This place is cheap and yummy, a solid bet.  I would definitely return when I have cash.  The salsa bar had cups with lids so if we hadn't been on our way to Popcorn Girl, I would've taken some green salsa home!  I ate only one taco due to our limited budget and the bf's big appetite, but next time I may try a torta (highly recommended by the lady in front of us).  The guy sitting right behind me was selling pirated CDs and peliculas :)  No one seemed to bite every time they walked in and he called CDs! Peliculas!  CDs! Peliculas!The best part was watching my bf go to his car to get change and count out quarters and dimes to buy me the Mexican coke :)
4	Thank goodness for fellow yelpers that give recommendations in comment boxes. I was reading reviews for a different Mexican joint (as I've been on a search for authentic food) and was about to settle on going to that place when I saw someone say that this place had the best tacos in Vegas and was extremely authentic. So my fiance and I went there and were given slightly quizzical looks (as we were the only asians in the restaurant) but nonetheless the cashier was friendly and the place smelled sooo good. We had planned on only getting tacos but after looking at the menu and smelling the goodness coming from the kitchen, we decided to also order a combo burrito and pork with verde sauce. Everything was good, even the rice and beans. The only complaint is that the pork w/green sauce was really fatty which is typical of authentic Mexican spots so I picked the fat out. We are so happy to have found this hidden gem!!
4	Oh I was craving tacos! The thought of biting into a delicous taco with all the fixings had me drooling around yelp trying to find a place near me with grand tacos.  I found NOTHING through the search of "tacos" (which I indeed laughed at because as we all know its the first e.g of what to search for..) All I found was Robertos, and Lindo whatever. I was looking for something that would ease my craving for tacos, not just disappoint me with sorry excuses for tacos...LUCKY I came across Misti's thread "Taco Time" http://www.yelp.com/topic/las-vegas-taco-timeShes trying to find taco shops for a taco crawl....the first place I saw someone suggest was Tacos El Compita....so I threw it in the search bar and thought, "Oooohh yes."This place has some killer tacos. Every bite got me excited for the next. I'm a little sorry when it comes to spiciness so I stuck with the salsa it had on top, which was perfect for me. They, of course, have different salsas and all the other goodies at a bar.I ordered the 5 tacos for $5.25. Two lenguas, two carnitas, and 1 pollo. Friggin BOMB. When that damn Mexican demon craving comes back, I'll know how to put it in its place.  Their tacos are delish. Can't wait to try more!
3	With all the recent Yelp talk about a taco crawl, I was craving tacos more than usual. So I decided to hit up El Compita during my lunch break. I didn't have a lot of time so I had to grab and go. It was crowded during lunch and I was the only non-latino/hispanic person in there. That's always a good sign that the place is "authentic" and good. I was too intimidated to order in my broken Spanish, so I just ordered in English and the guy behind the counter smiled. It was probably the only English he heard all morning.I got an order of 4 tacos (2 carnitas, 1 asada, 1 pastor). Each taco was $1.05. Despite the crowd my order was up in about 10 minutes and the guy behind the counter was nice enough to tell me in English that my order was ready. Everything was good, but I still have to rank Los Parados and La Mexicana ahead of this place. The carnitas here are good, but the asada just doesn't come close to what you can get at the other two places. The pastor was decent, but my least favorite of what I tried. It just wasn't as tender as other places. But, it did have a lot of heat -- at least for me. I can't handle really spicy foods, so while it was spicy to me it's probably mild to most people. Ten minutes after I was done eating I could still feel the heat on my tongue. I had to wash it down with a few glasses of water.There was a guy selling CD's and movies from one of the tables. He had a huge box full. It may have been the same guy that Lisa mentioned in her review, but the guy was quiet and low-key about pitching his stuff. 3.5 stars.
5	Just visited this place last weekend and if you read my review of Tacos El Compita #2 then you will know that this is THE BEST place for good ass hood style mexican food - taste so good make you wanna slap the bum at the chicken shack! The carne asada is the business here! No matter if you get it in a burrito, taco, or mulita, it's all good! Don't forget your Mexican Coke!
5	I visted Tacos El Compita #2 afew months back and today I came in to check out their #1 shop. I must say I would prefer their #1(this shop) because it's more spacious. The other place was tiny and cramped. Just to add, both places had great service-- the workers were nice and friendly.Despite my preference for spaciousness, the tacos at both places were crazy-good! Each taco was $1.05 and I ordered 4-- tongue (lengua), pulled pork (carnita), steak (carne asade), and marinated pork (pastor). All you need is to Squirt some lime for a hint of sourness and drizzle some extra smoked chipotle sauce on the tacos and it will be complete. All the tacos came out hot with generous amount of meat (see pics). The tongue was super soft, like butter in your mouth. The pulled pork and steak was my two least favorite-- not because it wasn't good, but bc if I had to chose and recommend, it will be the tongue and marinated pork. The marinated pork was super tender and tasty that if you look closely at the pork, you can actually see speck of spices!Yummy in my tummy! Come here and get their lengua and pastor tacos at $1.05 each. Totally worth it!!!!
5	DELICIOUS! finally got the chance to come and check this place out. they have since increased the price of the tacos from $1.05 to $1.11. who cares though? because thats still HELLA cheap! 4 tacos fro $4.80...amazing. i ordered 2 asada, 1 carnitas, and 1 pollo...i wasn't brave enough to try the lengua even though it got good reviews. =P super quick service.
5	holy moley. it hasnt been since my treks out to tj have i found tacos this amazing.the meat. moist and fatty, but not too fatty. just the right amount of fattythe tortilla. surprisingly subtlethe salsa bar. oh holy salsa bar. one of the best hot sauces ive had a chance to taste. giant jalapenos. radish, fresh onion, cilantro, lemon. and the pickled onion...i would make the 4 hour drive from so cal to lv just for those pickled onions, whose hotness factor can pwn even the most experienced of taste buds.must return one day for their soups, which you will often see mexican locals slurping down just about every time you visit. and the sinker? the workers only speak spanish. how much more awesome can that get? its like walking through tj all over again..
2	I ordered the caldo de camarones, found it tasty but then an hour later, I had the MSG-overload effect. You know... the sensation after you eat Chinese food that you just can not get enough to drink? Soooo THIRSTY! The camarones, too, were as tough as old leather. I think they were in there just to flavor the soup, not meant to be eaten. The pastor taco was so cute - was about three inches long. Was ok, not the best I've ever had. Also tried the Ricas Cemita since it was highly touted on here. So, its like a sloppy joe with out the sloppy. Meh, ok. Did not blow my skirt up. Would be 50% better if they used good n' fresh buns.  Look, I've had roll-your-eyes-back amazing Mexican food, from little hole-in-the-wall joints where I'm the only gringa within three miles. This is not it. What does perplex me is, with all the south-of-the-border folks here, legally and not, why the hell doesn't Vegas have some of THAT level of Mexican/Oaxacan/Salvadorean food options? I have to go to Santa Barbara for truly amazing gorditas. I have to go to San Jose for effin' phenomenal pastor "devil" tacos. That kind of food makes you want to drive three hours out of your way to enjoy. I'm left stunned with all the five star ratings with this joint. Have to assume our collective level for what makes real 5-star food has dipped. I it like an LA "4" is a Vegas "10?"Back to Compita and the plus-es of the experience... service was nice, prompt and pleasant. The place was as clean as possible. The salsa bar was arctic-ly cold so all the goods were nice and fresh. They kept a good eye on the salsa bar and kept it stocked and clean. The caldo is enough to feed 2-3 people. The cemita will kill any hunger within three bites - man that thing was crammed full of meat chunks. (Quantity is not a problem here). Also, parking is easy, and its next to a panderia if you have a sweet tooth.
5	I love the tacos here! They are so amazing and taste authentic. There are a lot of authentic taco places around but this one takes the cake for me! I always go there in between classes at CSN just to keep me going through the day. They are addicting and I highly recommend their tacos! Great price for great quality!
5	They were really fast in making their food but it definitely didn't taste like those fast food Mexican places. It really tasted like REAL authentic Mexican food. The flavor that comes out of the tacos were just flourished with the taste of their culture. I loved it! And the price is definitely PERFECT for full-time college students.
5	I LOOOOVVVVEEE this place.  Granted, no one speaks English there, but that's how you know they are for real!!! I have tried their menudo there, and it is pretty decent, and by that, I mean it is greasy enough!  My favorite is the lengua (tongue).  I'll have it either in tacos or mulitas.  Another thing to love about Tacos El Compita is that they are FAST.  We would order 15 tacos, and it would be ready in 5 minutes.  The kitchen is an open kitchen and it is right there, so you can see everything for cleaniness and what not.  One downside is that it is a cash-only "cafeteria" so be prepared; otherwise, you'll be stuck with a $3 fee for using their ATM inside. Go there!!
4	Coworkers introduced me to this place.  The food is really good.  Not that I would know, but seems authentic Mexican.  (Taco Bell does not have beef tongue soup on the menu.)  I usually get the quesadilla and wash it down with a horchata.  The quesadilla is thick and flavorful.  Lots of cheese and meat.  I have also had a couple of their sandwiches, but cannot remember their name.  There is a hot sauce bar with pickled onions and hot peppers.  I recommend the onions, they are spicy hot.  Free refills on the drinks.  Me and my coworkers are usually the only non-hispanics in the joint.  Beware: when your food is ready they will call your number in Spanish.  Menu is inexpensive.  Food and atmosphere are not high society, but I sure enjoy my visits there.  Be sure to save room for dessert.  There is a fantastic Mexican bakery next door with delicious pastries at a super cheap price.
5	This place is a total hole in the wall haven. Their tacos al pastor are SO good!! I also ordered a burrito al pastor. The meat had so much flavor!! This place is authentic, flavorful, and has friendly employees. And, they have really good prices!! A burrito, 2 tacos, and a soda all for like $8 total!!
4	I've been having a yearning for something like home cooking but didn't want to put the work into making some good ole lengua tacos. Being in the near vicinity lead me here and hope it wasn't going to be a bust. This place is basic, hole in the wall with solid food. The BF and I both got 5 taco plates ($6 or individual was $1.25 I believe) with a few varieties. We came for lengua and it didn't disappoint. It was tender, almost melt in your mouth so they know how to cook this right. I felt like it needed a tad bit of salt, but rather have none than too much. Cabeza tacos here are so good! I think this is my favorite...I even ordered another one of these since I only got one to try. It is of course a bit fatty, meaty concentrated flavor so not for everyone. Pastor here was solid, I thought the seasoning was just right. Carnitas were tender, but out of the 4 varieties we ordered it was not the standout. I like that there are refills here on drinks. I feel that ordering horchata in some places, I never get enough. There are various La Michocoan paletas/popsicles in a fridge and they are nice to cleanse the palette after a meaty lunch. Creamy and not ice-y at all like some of these paletas can get. This was a solid, cheap (under $10 for the plate, drink and popsicle) and fast lunch. Definitely worth the stop in the area!
4	Open at 8am, it's Sunday morning and we are craving tacos!  We're one of the first few in the door, and ready for some good food.   It was ready pretty quick, we got a couple of tacos and a quesadilla.  The taco's are one of each, pastor, and lengua, or tongue, and very good, the meat is seasoned very well, and it's tender.  With the added chopped onion and cilantro, it gets even better.The quesadilla is asada, very tender, smothered with cheese and very gooey.  I absolute love this place.
4	Good tacos! Cheap price
3	While I think the cabeza here is on point, this visit some of the meats were a bit fatty and gristly compared to my last review. It was more noticeable in my MILs pastor torta and she's more of a "taster" taking small bites so she had to pick at hers. I still thought the flavor was good on their meats, but just a noticeable difference in quality with the pastor mostly. The lengua, cabeza ones I ordered were fine. Everything came out piping hot and fresh though. I noticed a few reviews that's touted this fatty gristle from the past so perhaps it's inconsistent with trimming.  This is just my second time so not exactly sure if there are more good days than bad. Pick out the bites you don't like? I noticed a ton of people on this day were ordering various soups. Caldo de res seemed the most popular so I might come back for that. I saw on the menu menudo, caldo camerones and birria as well. I went on a weekend and most places serve that stuff on a weekend only so I am not sure if this is a all week item as I didnt really pay the most attention to the wall menu closely.It may be tacos el Compita but it seems that the Hispanic community seems to go caldo route. I'll come back and follow what everyone else is ordering next time.
2	4 1/2 stars is way too high for this taqueria. The meat is pre-cooked, stored in metal bins, and slapped into tortillas versus being hot and cooked fresh like many of it's competitors.The carnitas lacked flavor and character. The carne asada was decent but nothing outstanding.The best authentic tacos I've had in Las Vegas are at Tacos el Gordo but this would do in a pinch if you're starving for tacos and close by.
3	Authentic Mexican food that certainly has its flaws. Their food tastes good overall but they don't freshly cook their meats. Instead, all their meats are already cooked so you won't be getting the fresh tender Mexican meat that you want in your orders. If they changed that, this rating will easily see itself at the maximum of 5 stars. All the other contents of your standard Mexican burrito or taco is very well made and delicious. But it's more difficult to master such things as cilantro and onions. However, it's the meat that makes the difference. Oh and cash only. This is the digital age. El Compita needs to keep up with the digital emergence.
4	First visit, we ate here specifically because I wanted a raspado (Mexican fresh fruit "snow cone" ) from the shop a couple doors down. The menu is simple yet covers all the basics. We went with a couple of tortas and split them ~ carnitas & carne asada, and I was pleased with both. The carnitas had some meaty chunks and a low grease factor and the carne asada was well seasoned with a slight kick. The sandwiches are put together well, with just the right amount of shredded lettuce, a slice of tomato, slices of avocado... and, of course, a grilled bun. Well done! Bring cash as they don't accept plastic.
3	For me this is authentic Mexican fast food, but then I am a white girl from the Midwest. Every so often I get a craving for Tacos El Compita. My husband and I make the trek there and order so much food - several tacos, a quesadilla, a huge torta, etc. It is so good. And then I ultimately get sick a few hours after I eat. I swear I won't go there again until a month later when I get the craving again.
3	Short: Good, but can be better. Long: Went here for lunch. Ordered three beef tacos. They're the typical three inch tacos with meat, salsa and sauce on top--at $1.25 each, it's quite the average deal. While everything was good, my main problem is that nothing blew me away and makes me beg to go back there. There taco trucks that are a lot better in the area, like 702Tacos down the road that blow me away. Go here if you want to eat good tacos inside and with a salsa bar. Otherwise, visit a taco truck--there's several in the area.
5	You have to order the carne asada burrito it's amazing. And they only take cash but there is an ATM inside in case you need it. My daughter was a little disturbed by the bleeding Jesus mural in the wall.
5	They have Mulitas!!! And the Asada tacos were tasty!! I found this place cuz of yelp and I will definetely be going back to this place. And there's a pan dulce shop next door.
5	Asada Burrito, add cheese. Legit! Sometimes my burrito is hotter than others so you might want to ask for no salsa, and grab your own from the salsa bar.
4	Quesa, carne burrito, pollo asado torts, very good. Excellent sides for free also. The place is clean, not really visible from the street, go behind the car wash/ gas station. Looks and tastes authentic. Limes and jalepenos are a great compliment.
2	Religious murals, a candle-laden Catholic altar and arcade games coexisting in the dining room, and tacos. This place is... well, all over the place.THE GOOD NEWS: they're no longer cash only and accept credit with a 50-cent processing fee. There's also an ATM in the dining room. There's a panaderia next door and a paleteria further down the strip center to continue your Mexicano dining adventure!THE NOT-SO-GOOD NEWS: Apparently prices have gone up from most of the ones posted on these reviews. Tacos are $1.25-$1.50 each, my two-taco take-out order was basically $3. But when I opened the bag at home, there was a foil packet roughly the size of a slice of cheese. I wondered how they could have given me the wrong order, given that I was one of only two orders at the time.THE REALITY: My two tacos were both mini-tacos, and the condiment container of grilled onions I'd grabbed at the salsa bar seemed to dwarf the actual tacos. I know street tacos are on corn tortillas and run a smidge smaller at traditional places than, say, Taco Bell or Del Taco, but these were absurdly small.Similarly-priced tacos at Tacos Gil or the guys on Decatur are all easily twice the size of what I received here. Key words: similarly-priced. That being said, the lengua taco is fairly good and I liked the mild salsa verde, but the asada was lacking and overpowered by the ranchero-style sauce included when you ask for "everything on it". THE VERDICT: Disappointing. For tacos, anyway. Maybe I'll go Jade's route and try the soup next time.Side note: also watch out for the guy in the parking lot with a bottle of Windex. He'll spray down your vehicle while you're inside, unprompted, then expect payment afterward.
5	Let me start off by saying this; I am a Mexican food freak. If I could only eat Mexican food for the resting my life, I would die happy. This place is the best I have found in Vegas so far. The people working there are nice, but most importantly their food is amazing. Good tacos, burritos and their chili verde is awesome. This is my go to place. The thing that stands out the most is the green salsa at the salsa bar, it is to die for. Love this place, I'm a huge fan!
5	Great carne asada tacos & burritos.I've been coming here for over 10 years & never been disappointed
4	Ordered camaron agridulce, mole poblano & chile verde. They were always so good!!! Try their caldo de res esp on a cold day, it never disappoints. I see most people order the pozole; I'm not a fan of tripe but they seem to be enjoying it. Maybe I'll try it next time.Also, the restaurant has started accepting credit cards--- that's a big plus.
