5	I had a wonderful experience at Artisan Family Dentistry. Everyone was very friendly and professional, Dr. Carson was very skilled and detailed throughout the entire visit. Highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a quality & friendly dentist .  My wife & kids enjoyed their experience as well.  I can't tell you what a relief it is so hear my kids say they enjoyed their visit to the Dentist!!
5	Love this dentist's office! They are all super friendly and Dr. Carson is very professional. Would definitely recommend!
5	Very friendly staff and understanding of my fear of the drill!  :-).  Dr. Carson was very professional and kind.  I'm happy to have found my new dentist.
1	Before Dr. Carson replaced the other staff members with a new team my experiences in the office were much nicer. The new dental hygienists seem to be very inexperienced and the receptionist is nothing short of rude on the phone and likewise in person. While having my teeth cleaned on my most recent visit the hygienist kept letting the water pick either hit my tongue or didn't have the pick far enough in my mouth and water was just running down my neck. When Dr. Carson came into to check my teeth it was as if he was disappointed that I would not be requiring any major dental work. He just took his gloves off, threw them in the trash and said; "see ya later" as he was walking off. I have decided to discontinue going to this office. There are a lot of dentist offices out there who are much more pleasant and professional.
5	I am like many others and have anxiety when going to the dentist but my experience with Dr Carson's office I found to be very pleasant. Very clean office and welcoming, staff are very helpful and very nice. Prices are very reasonable and are explained and there's no pressure to have work done. I have already referred family!
5	Dr. Carson was extremely attentive and professional in his listening and treatment of my molar that needed to be re-crowned.I am ecstatic with the results! The crown fits like a glove and is indeed stable and perfect.
5	Dr. Carson has been treating my family and I for years. The treatment that I received for my cavities was a cut above the rest.  I am glad I have a great dentist in my area, and I recommend him to anyone looking for a good dentist.~David
5	I lived in Arizona for about 8 years, having moved from the midwest.  I've been to a number of different dentists in Scottsdale and wasn't comfortable with any of them.  Dr. Carson was recommended to me by a neighbor because of his professional and ethical standards, not to mention the quality of his work.  My neighbor highly recommended Dr. Carson because of the quality of the crown he replaced, and said it was worth the drive.   I had a cleaning and x-ray by his hygienist, and and followup thorough review by Dr. Carson.  Dr. Carson was completely honest with me that I didn't need any additional work at this time.  I give Dr. Carson 5 stars for his integrity.  My experience over 60 years with dentists is that they always seem to find something that needs to be repaired or adjusted and recommend (up-sell) unnecessary treatment.  It's comforting  to know that one can get an honest assessment of your dental needs without thinking that you are being sold something you don't need.  It was worth the drive and he will be my dentist as long as I live in Arizona.
5	Kempton B- I really hate the dentist. I went to Dr Carson and the staff really eased my fear. Reema was polite and very nice. Paula the Hygienist was gentle and took great care of me. Dr Carson was very gentle as well and has a great way about him. I found a new dentist that I will keep. Thanks
5	I had been going to another dentist for the last 2 years but I met Dr. Carson through some friends of mine. I had a large filling fall out and could not get in to see my regular dentist so I called Artisan Family Dentistry. Dr. Carson's staff was able to work me in to their schedule that same day and I had a temporary crown a few hours later. Dr. Carson's attention to detail sets him apart from other dentists I have seen in the past. From the way he dresses to the decor in the waiting room, everything is very professional. Dr. Carson explained my options to me and answered my questions thoroughly and thoughtfully. His staff did an excellent job of verifying my insurance coverage and working with Dr. Carson to come up with a treatment plan that fit my plan.As an added bonus, Dr. Carson is great with kids. My wife and I have a 2 year old daughter and we feel relieved to have a resource like Artisan Family Dentistry for her first exam and cleanings.
5	Years ago I had an upper wire retainer put in instead of dealing with one I knew I wouldn't wear as an irresponsible college student. Recently it had been giving me some trouble and I decided it needed to go. Dr. Carson was able to easily remove the wire and take a mold for a new retainer, which came in a little over a week later. Very quick, professional (yet very personable!), and affordable. I'll definitely be going back to Dr. Carson for my dental needs.
5	After moving to Arizona from Illinois I had to find a dentist that was right for me. I have had a few bad experiences in the past so I am very careful about who takes care of my body. Before I visited Artisan Family Dentistry I saw a few other dentist in the valley, which I was not comfortable with any of them for one reason or another. A friend of mine eventually recommended Dr. Carson to me and I have to say that his attention to detail, professionalism, and standards that he sets for his staff is top notch.My first visit could have been terrifying as I had a wisdom tooth coming in on the top and an impacted wisdom tooth on the bottom, which caused constant pain. I called Dr. Carson and told him what my problem was and we scheduled an appointment for later in the week. After looking at the x-rays Dr. Carson confirmed that my bottom tooth was impacted and I would need to see an oral surgeon because of it being so close to a nerve (the last dentist did not mention this at all). Before we started I was given a couple of options about what we can do with the bottom tooth. Dr. Carson answered all of my questions and was very thorough about each option. We decided that an oral surgeon would be best, but in the meantime he would remove part of the tooth so that it would relieve the pressure. I was so pleased with how Dr. Carson and his staff treated me that I have now been going here for over a year and I always schedule my next appointment before leaving.
5	Me and my family have been going to Artisan Family Dentistry for years now and I can't say enough good things about them. I tell everyone that what I love most are the people, and that Dr. Carson only does work that you need done. He is not about doing work for the sake of work and truly cares about taking care of your teeth (and whole mouth).  I've had a few emergencies (at least in my mind they were) and every single time they say come right in, right away and they see me. I have moved all over the valley and have continued to drive to see them because of my great experience. I have beautiful teeth done by them, and my cleanings are always easy and fast. I am a life long patient of Artisan Family Dentistry.
