5	I have no complaints about this hotel -- my husband and I stayed here for part of our Vegas trip last month.  The hotel is pretty new (I think it opened in June 2009), so everything is nice and clean.  The rooms and bathrooms are pristine.  Every room has a kitchen (full-size refrigerator, sink, microwave, and small stove) -- everything is still brand spanking new.In the lobby, there's a business center with computers and a printer.  In the mornings there's a free coffee [mediocre] & hot chocolate [decent] station, too.  It's a pet-friendly hotel, and the front desk even has a jar of dog treats -- you just pay a fee if you bring a pet.On a map, this hotel may look like it's pretty far from the Strip, but honestly it was only a 10- to 15-minute drive.  It was pretty quiet, and a bonus is that you don't have to walk through a smoky, crowded casino to get to your room.If you're planning to rent a car and want to stay somewhere off-Strip, I highly recommend this hotel.
5	Almost indistinguishable from Springhill Suites (located next door) and to a lesser degree Residence Inn, this was a cheap but GREAT find for a Saturday night that we did not want to stay on the strip.  The lobby area is on the smaller side, which doubles as the continental (no waffle maker) breakfast area.  The suites come with a 2 burner cooktop, large microwave, dishwasher, disposal, and medium size fridge... perfect for light cooking if you are so inclined.  The seating area is a bit on the cramped side but thankfully the desk chair and table are on wheels, along with the ottoman making arranging a breeze and to your desire.  Comfy bed, large bath and a pool/hot tub made for a relaxing evening after being out and about on the lake.... at over half the price of a place on the strip.  I will be back!
5	Nice, new hotel and excellent service. The rooms are very spacious and very clean! It has free WiFi, complimentary breakfast, and access to Gold's Gym which is right next to the hotel. I have never heard of a hotel giving its guests access to a major gym like this or a gym outside the hotel.
5	I needed a place to live while searching the Las Vegas real estate market for a new home.Moving into Townplace suites was a fantastic decision!I will keep it simple.Super clean, modern, friendly staff, exceptional maid service, free high speed WiFi in the room and on the property. Great office space and ergonomic chair. Great modern kitchens fully equipped. Piping hot water every time of day. Safe secure parking. Close to I-215 which means close and accessible to everywhere in Vegas in less than minutes.Clean modern laundry facility on each floor.Free coffee, and continental breakfast including great selection of Yogurts. Simple but finely equipped exercise room with stair climber, treadmill, and weight machine with TV on each machine to watch.Excellent thermostat controlled HVAC unit in each room.I shopped three diffrent extended stay hotels within 5 miles and this was the absolute BEST value and product. I dont care how long it takes to find the perfect home, I really like living here until then. Also sign up for the Marriot reward program, the points really rack up when in an extended stay.
2	You get what you pay for comes to mind when thinking about this place. You can find good deals for a relatively cheap stay but the devil is in the details. For example, the walls are so thin you can hear everything from the guests in the adjoining rooms. Right down to the beep of the microwave button presses. All of the wood textured finishes are MDF that are already showing quite a bit of wear in just a short time that this property has been open. They allow pets and it shows. The carpets are stained and worn in a way you would expect a property many times the age of this one to be. The breakfast is so underwhelming. My god, it's just the worst no frills property type of breakfast I've ever experienced. They just don't have anything to offer beyond a vending machine style breakfast and the coffee is not good. I know it's the typical TPS breakfast but it never ceases to amaze me at how lacking it is. Parking is pretty decent and the staff are fairly friendly.  Clean.
5	My husband and I stayed here recently we had a very nice room, it was huge! The rooms are fully equipped with a small kitchen including a stove top, dishwasher, apartment sized fridge and microwave. All the staff was very friendly and always acknowledged us when we came and went from the lobby. Pet friendly, free computer hook ups and wifi in room and free computer access in the lobby, complimentary breakfast, what more could you ask for? Highly recommend if you are looking for a long term stay or a nice place thats off the strip.
3	This is good for what it was. It was only $80 a night so it's difficult to complain when you can split that between 2 people.It was a decent room with a kitchen and most of the amenities of home. The staff was friendly and kudos to our maid who was extremely friendly and helpful.My only complaint? The breakfast. WT....?! If you want to do better just walk across the parking lot and have breakfast at that hotel. Way better. Not much but better. If you want a real breakfast you're just going to have to go out.Yeah, I'd stay there again and just might do that on my next trip to Vegas.
5	Staying here while closing on a house in Vegas. $80/night and my little pup can stay too! I had struck out with every other hotel, no one would give me a break, even if they had been advertised as a pet-friendly hotel. At my wit's end I called this place. The guy at the front desk was SO helpful and kind. Had a nice cold water ready for me when I got there too! This place is super clean, and even my dog loves it!
4	It's close to Vegas & cheap. It was quiet and the front desk staff were all super nice.  And the most important factor was that it was clean.The 1 bedroom suite was perfect for traveling with kids.  The only downside was the air-conditioning units. They weren't very accurate and when they would turn on (about every hour) they would blow directly on you.  (kind of loud too)  Cute, clean pool with grill's outside if you feel like BBQ.  There are a lot of food choices close and an awesome new splash park for kids. Plus, free WiFi and parking!Overall really nice for the price.
2	Not my typical Marriott experience.  $100 NONREFUNDABLE pet fee not stated anywhere on their website or Marriott's for that matter.  Called for a late check out the night before and was told I would have to ASK the morning staff.  WTH?  I am platinum w/ MR program and I have to call back and ASK if I can check out late?  They don't have a computer system that they enter it in to?  Also, you can hear everything in everyone else's room and the pool is tiny. And it's way off the beaten track here in Henderson...
5	Wonderful helpful staff. Pleasant stay in henderson and minutes from the Red Rock National Conservation Area and other Nevadan attractions. We stayed in one bed suite and the complimentary breakfast and amenities were etched to perfection. The rooms are typically furnished for someone to move-in with equipped kitchen cookware and dishwasher. Pretty neat. Beautiful drive from here to strip as you get to enjoy the nevadan landscape and beautifully stretched mountains.
5	Townplace suites has become become my number one choice for business travel. Stayed here for NASCAR Race weekend and also last summer. Rooms are surprisingly large and comfortable. Nice refrigerator and decent breakfast. Plenty of outlets for computers and other gadgets. I'll definitely stay here again.
3	I recently spent 4 nights at the TownePlace Suites by Marriott with my husband and our two dogs. Finding a pet friendly hotel that does not have strict weight and/or breed restrictions can be tough, and when your furbabies are pit bulls it's extra challenging. Thankfully Marriott is very accommodating to furry family members. (There is a non-refundable $100 fee for pets, regardless of how long or short your stay is.)We stayed in a king studio suite which had a small but complete kitchen in it, with a two-burner stove, a dishwasher and a full-sized refrigerator. While the room we stayed in did have everything we needed to get by for few days, it was a rather cramped room for two adults and two large dogs. The property has a rather small area for dogs to do their business, and at night this area is pretty dark.  The walls are also pretty thin. While we didn't have many issues with hearing the people in the rooms next to us, we were on the first floor and we could regularly hear the person in the room above us stomping, I mean walking around. The facility has free wifi as well as a business center where guests can go online and print documents at no cost. There is a small workout room, and Marriott guests get free access to the Gold's Gym that is across the street. There is also a laundry room ($1 per load), outdoor pool with gas powered bbqs and a free continental breakfast. All of the employees I interacted with during our staff were very friendly and eager to help with whatever we needed. For travelers looking for an extended-stay hotel with all of the basic amenities at a decent price, TownePlace Suites by Marriott is a no frills spot that gets the job done.
4	Arrived for a two night stay during the week. Located off the 215 exit Stephanie.  Upon checking in I was upgraded to a two bedroom suite that was like brand new. The kitchen was stocked complete with dishes, silverware, glasses, cups, stove, frig, microwave and coffee machine which was nice for the stay. Master bedroom was spacious and had lots of closet and drawer space, work desk, Queen size bed and large flat screen TV. The bathroom was was large and there was even a dinning area table and living room.Breakfast is offered here in the am but it's limited to hot & cereals, yogurts, beverages, hard boiled eggs, breads, muffins and self-serve make waffles.  The fitness center is basic with a few cardio machines but what was nice is with the paid stay I was entitled to use the Gold's gym complimentary which was convenient and handy. The hotel also offers a indoor pool.I'd say if there was a con here it would be the distance from the LV strip although there's the District at Green Valley Ranch which offers several big box restaurants and shopping and is within a few minutes drive.
4	I stayed here for one night in between moving. The staff was really nice and the woman at the front desk called housekeeping to check the status of a room checked me in 30 minutes early, which was nice. I stayed in a king sized studio suite and the room was pretty big and had some amenities (kitchen) that might have been more useful if I was staying more than one night. Free wifi was great. I missed breakfast by 10 minutes but from other reviews I didn't miss much. The walls were kind of thin and I could hear the housekeeping staff a lot in the hallways in the morning. Other than that, the only draw back was having to park in the back (it looks kind of dark and scary back there) because there were large cars with boats attached and large Uhaul trucks taking up 6+ spots each. I think those vehicles should have to park in the back.
