1	Very unprofessional. They have unclear and unprofressional business policies. Did not accept company check from another tow yard, was not told this untill we made the 5 hour drive to pick up a vehicle. Office personell are very unhelpful. When our business owner called to talk to a supervisor they said it is business policy that no one can speak to a supervisor. Horrible business.
1	worst towing company in the Vegas  area.  They are completely rude on the phone!
5	I had super great service today from Nathan at fast tow. He had a terrible position to get my car hooked up to tow, but he did it perfect without any struggle. What I liked 2nd best is that they only took 25 mins to get there. I have no complaints, everything went great.
1	If I could give negative stars, I would. This company is worst interaction I have ever had with any company ever.They towed my vehicle which was parked in an area barely marked with any visible towing warnings. I was gone for only 5 minutes and they had completely sneaked my car away. The first time I called they even told me they didn't have it so I eventually had to call the police to find out it was them. Completely rude and unhelpful over the phone. When I called at 4:40 PM the girl on the phone mocked me by saying "if you don't get here by 5 we are going to charge you even more". She sounded delighted. I took a bus which took well over an hour because they are located so "conveniently" far away from where they tow your car.Whatever you do DO NOT listen to their website which says they are located at "3850 Losee Road" in multiple spots. I fell for this and when I got there they informed my my car was actually at their OTHER address 3 miles down the road.So off I walked for 3 miles down the road in the 105 degree heat.What did I find when I got there? Well they only take cash of course! So they politely directed me to their fee charging ATM to withdraw 250 dollars. 250 dollars for keeping my car locked up for 9 hours.Total time wasted: 4.5 hours.What a total scam. These people are the scum of the earth. Warn anyone you see who is being towed by them.Never do business with these people. They do not deserve to be patronized.
1	My car was towed (along with 20 others) last night. We were parked next to Firefly on Paradise in an office building parking lot. This was after hours and there were no "no parking" signs. I personally parked in a visitor spot. Approximately two hours later, all of the cars in my lot were gone. We trekked over to Fast Tow in North Las Vegas only to find our cars hadn't even been entered into their system yet. People had been waiting for hours for the pleasure of forking over $275. And if you would like to see your car before signing their waiver document - you have to pay them an additional $40. I don't understand how this place operates within the law. Additonally, the fact I just moved to Las Vegas made it extremely difficult to get my car back from them because I have registration, tags and license from Texas. They gave me a really hard time and made the process pretty scary. Absolutely atrocious experience. I honestly wish there was the possibility of some kind of class action lawsuit.
1	Worst costumer service ever. I scheduled a tow at 4:30pm and the truck did not arrive until 6:30pm they never even bothered to call to say they were running late. And every time I called they put me on hold for 5-10 min. Telling me they could not find the address after i was trying to give them directions but nobody would listen. When when the driver finally arrived, I told him my husband was going to follow him and he would be here in 10 min and (like everybody else in his company) he did not listen. He said he could not wait 10 min for me and he took off and was really rude. I called dispatch and they said "diver said there was nobody at the residence." Then they apologized and said they were going to send him back. 20 min later they called in another company in because they were all incapable of doing there job.
1	How is this place legally operating? They towed my car from my home. I thought my car was stolen. The reason? My car didn't pass it's smog test and I had it scheduled to go into the mechanic that specializes in my make of vehicle. Anyways, so my car was literally only a few days past it's registration and was sitting in my driveway. They towed it for that. They lied and said that they put a tag on it 48 hours before towing. A whole day and $400 later I have my car back. This can not be legal. I am looking into it.
1	LETTER TO OWNER---I was towed tonight (Sunday 1/5)  by your company and i have a MAJOR complaint.  when i got here and was told by a rather unfriendly large fellow that I will have to wait on the truck to here back w my truck. This is very late at night already.  I waited half hour. When he(the driver) finally got here we couldn't find my registration in the truck. But they wouldn't let me go look for it. So I PAID to have the DMV email me a copy.   AND  thankfully I happen to have paperwork w my VIN# on and my license num cause he(the large man)  rudely refused to to give me that info either so that I could fill in the form on the internet ON MY PHONE THAT WAS DYING to get the damn registration sent to HIM..This could shave been emailed to him and he could have PRINTED IT OUT NO PROBLEM- but I was told by the large unfriendly man after asking SEVERAL times for an email address that SO THAT I COULD EMAIL IT TO HIM AND HE COULD PRINT A COPY- "there are no printers here."  Really??? IN an office????   This is very hard to believe considering that this is an office. He said " fax only". So I had to download a fn fax app on my  DYING phone and fax this paper to him. He has even said to me t one pony " Well, I don't care what you do but Im not doing anything."  Fine done. He got it.  It's past 1 am by now the driver is sitting here waiting for me to finish this transaction and the office guy is doing god knows what in the back, gets a call AND LETS THE DRIVER GO, TAKES MY MONEY and says "you gotta wait here till the driver gets back no one can get your cAr". ARE YOU KIDDING ME?! WOULD PROPER CUSTOMER SERVICE FROM SOMEONE MORE THAN A SLOPPY GUY WITH A SHITTY ATTITUDE BE TOO MUCH TO ASK?!?! I GET THAT THE SHARKS IN THE TOW BUSINESS NEED TO DART OFF ASAP TO COLLECT THE NEXT UNSUSPECTING VICTIMS CAR, but could he not have let me get mine before sending the guy off?!?! Now Im Waiting LONGER. with no reason. I ask how long he says a minute. I say an actual minute or like 30 MINUTES?!?! He was very unconcerned w my question. Very friendly indeed.  Is being helpful and assisting customers ABOVE HIS PAY SCALE?!?! Was I CUTTING INTO NAP TIME??? He could have let the driver get my truck to me before he took off.  I will be writing complaints on YELP since I see that you have none yet, along with several others that i have collected via my Facebook with the SIMILAR COMPLAINTS, the BBB, and the Nevada Transportation Authority.  they will all be getting a copy of this letter as well as ANY OTHER social media that I can. AND to add to this the ATM that you have here only pays out in 20s, but you charge in non even numbers, SO HOW MUCH MONEY DO YOU ALL MAKE WHEN NO ONE HAS FN CHANGE??? THATS STEALING!!! THE PEOPLE BEFORE ME HAD THE SAME SAID TO THEM. " we don't GOT no change'"   WHO POCKETS THE WHO KNOWS HOW MANY OVERAGES YOU COLLECT EACH NIGHT???  This is utter bullshit. And ESPECIALLY for a lady ALONE LATE AT NIGHT IN THE MIDDLE OF THIS DISGUSTING AREA OF TOWN!!! Shame on you and the worthless " help" that you have running this place.
1	TERRIBLE TERRIBLE SERVICE!!!!!! I understand no one will be happy to get their car towed, but this place is a joke. I was also one of the victims at Firefly (separate night from the previous review..)  15 of us got towed at Firefly, when there was only 2 8.5x11 signs on a light pole outside of an abounded building, NOT near the parking.   I was parked in a spot labeled "Visitor".  If this many cars are getting towed everyday, that says something about their communication about parking there. This place only takes cash (so they can probably pay a chunk to whoever else is part of the parking scam at Firefly..) and they charge $7 ATM fee.  My license was in my car, in my purse, and they wont let you go to the lot to get it, someone brings it out to you. The manager at this place told me Firefly has been doing this for months.  And that Firefly wont pay to use those parking spots, so the owner of the empty building next door tows the cars every night. I finally get my car-- IT HAS A BLUE SCRATCH ON IT!!!  It is about one square foot that was NOT there the night before. They had me fill out a piece of paper and said the "claim team" will contact me... . it does no seem promising..I am still waiting for that call. I mean what tow company will pass up the experience to tow cars, but this place is SHADY!!
1	We had our car STOLEN...TWICE!  Once by the crack smoking thugs (thank you to fast towing for leaving that in there)  and with a police report, they refused to even let us look in the car let alone pick it up because we did't have the registration (in the car as most people keep it) We asked them to look and all they "found" was a bill of sale....with our name on it! .  After 3 trips to the tow company over 2 days being asked  to get paperwork after paperwork, they finally released the car after receiving the faxed registration from Montana.   They refused to give the discount for their fees even with a police report and when we looked in the car, the registration AND insurance were right on the floorboard!  This company treated crime victims like criminals and yelled at me when I tearfully asked them to show some kindness in their customer service.  Not only should NO ONE use this company, but they should be shut down....apparently when they ran the mob off the strip...they opened up this tow company!  Our city should stop all contacted services with them as they are operating as legal extortionist and car thefts.  METRO and NLVPD....Please stop giving these thieves your business!
3	This weekend, our car broke down on the way to Fleming's for dinner...literally IN the turn lane going into the restaurant.  So disappointing.We were able to push the car into the parking lot, and searched online for a tow company to pick it up in the morning.Fast towing was able to get us scheduled, and the driver showed up a few minutes early.He loaded the car up, and drove to the shop where we were dropping it off for repairs...he was SO much better than the last tow company we used!  If you're in a jam, give them a try...They were really good to us this weekend.
1	I would give this place NEGATIVE stars if I could.  WORST experience ever!  The woman behind the counter was the rudest person I have had to deal with in years.  Smart-ass responses to every question we had and her treatment of the other customers was as bad or worse.  No matter the question, her response was, "It's the policy."  However, the sign out front with the "Policies" posted contradicted what she said.  The bill for a car impounded 8 days was $451.  However, my daughter's car, there for less than 24 hours, was a whopping $339.  The "policy" is you pay based on the make and year of your car.  So I guess if you look like you can afford to get screwed, then you will.  Every customer who came in while we were there was livid with the treatment they received.   One woman referred to it as, "Being raped," while the man with her took a picture of the company, "policies" posted out front and stated he was calling an attorney. Another man came out and said the front end of his car was destroyed from the way it was towed.   The bumper was pulled off and the fog lights trashed.  When he asked to speak to a manager, conveniently, the manager had left for the day.  He was also told it is a "policy" that he could not take any pictures of his car on property.  My daughter had to pull up her registration through the DMV, but was told she couldn't print it there because "The lady with the only access to email had left for the day."  The woman behind the counter offered no assistance or suggestions as to where we could go to get it printed.  Another customer sent us to an Office Depot 6 miles away.  $0.23 and 6 miles later we returned only to find that another $45 had been added to her bill for returning, "after hours."  This was 7PM, we had been there since 5:00.  The place is open 24-7!!  However, Miss Congeniality stated that it was past, "Normal business hours - that's the policy!"  Thank God Walmart and Smiths don't have similar policies.  Imagine the cost of a dozen eggs at 7 PM.  HATED this place and wouldn't wish it on my worst enemy.  TOTAL RIP-OFF and despicable customer service!!!!  Stay away from this place at all costs or be prepared to come with a fat wallet.
