3	This is THE place to go for swing in greater Phoenix on Wednesdays.  My friend visiting from Atlanta sought out this place and dragged me there.  I swear I pass by it every week and never even knew it was there.  Apparently, it's one-half of the Red Owl sports bar.  The peeps here are all about swing and don't eff around.  Most people are drinking bottled water and are doing the jump jive and wail.  I had no idea it was still popular.  There must have been more than 100 people of all ages, backgrounds and abilities there.  I even jumped in a few times looking like a corporate dork as I "forgot" my swing gear back home.There's a bar, the lighting is red, hence the name and the dancefloor is huge.  They even have a stage for the occasional swing band traveling through town.  People seemingly went up to strangers throughout the night introduced themselves and asked each other to dance.WTF? Am I in an anti-Scottsdale parallel universe where people don't laugh at you, or run away, fake a phone call or give you some line when you approach someone, introduce yourself and ask them to dance? Not that that's ever happened to me or anything.The place is probably a 2 or 3 for the average person, but a 4 or 5 for the avid swinger, ahem, I mean swing dancer.
5	What do I love about Club Red/Red Owl?  It's two venues in one!  I am there just about every weekend.  If I don't like one band, I just walk to the other side of the building.The bathroom is CLEAN!  Retro decor, too.  Nice staff.  Really hot guys behind the bar :}
5	Excellent live music venue in Tempe. Cheap drinks and great bands.
1	This place is NOT wheelchair accessible.  There is no disabled parking, the ramp to get on the sidewalk is on the complete opposite side of the parking lot, and then as you attempt to push someone in a wheelchair to their entrance, the path is constantly blocked.  Things certainly don't improve once you finally make it in.  The whole thing is a joke.  Good music, sure, if you can get there.
3	This club has the potential to be the premier rock club in the valley. The sound and light system is way above average and for the size of the venue one of the best in the valley. This is a prime location to see the upper echelon of local talent and third to fourth tier national acts. In the main concert hall its got a spacious, easily accessible bar (unless you're in a wheelchair) with a generic but solid beer line up and adequately strong drinks. Its got a rugged staff who have grown accustomed to years of sonic cranium abuse and the security is fairly friendly even though they feel the need to flex their muscles from time to time. The reason Club Red only received three stars is primarily because of the lack of innovation when it comes to the second stage. Here you have this smaller room with another stage occupied by a bunch of local band douche bags standing on stage dressed in silly clothes singing about nothing in particular. Now this room should be turned into some sort of night club area. A suggestion, there should be a DJ booth on the stage with someone spinning good contemporary music that is appropriate and along the same format as that of the headliners. The space is in need of some spicing up to give it a nightclub feel and is in dire need of some waitresses and bartenders a.k.a. Hot Chicks. Currently the use of this second room makes about as much sense as taking a staple gun, bending over, and proceeding to staple your own asshole shut.
4	Club Red is as convenient to the surrounding cities as one can get located right off the 101 as well as near the 60. The club offers a nice spread with roomy areas, lots of space and nooks to get away with two outdoor patios for smokers, two restroom areas for primpers, and tweo stages for a varied offering of stage entertainment. I have visited the club on hair band rock n roll night events, for blunt club and DJ nights, for local band shows and most notably for Romantasy Cabaret a variety vaudeville show that doesnt quite fall into the club's typical line up but defintiely indicative of the wide variety of  show the club puts out. The lighting and sound for the main stage is off the charts with loads of sweet effects, clear sound and two jockeys who seem to really know what they are doing. The drinks are a wee bit pricey but I assume the overheard of this warehouse-sized club might be the reason. Security is nearly always on hand making patrons feel safe even on nights where many a hoopdee can be found bumping bass in the lot and lotsa baggy pants can be seen in the crowd. The atmosphere is ambient with low reddish lighting, cushy booth seats and some tables and chairs. The bars are both amply large to satisfy those who prefer to belly up to the serving stations and the serving staff is adept, quick and courteous. The restrooms are-gasp-!!! CLEAN! hot with no air circulating but clean which in night clubs is RARE. The wine offered is typical of bar servings in that it is your standard lower shelf, el-cheap-o varieties of red, white and pink. I am a wine drinker but in the Tempe bar world also the minority so it's understandable. Parking is ample with a large lot lest you dare risk the Waffle House parking which will get you towed. On my several visits to this club I have had the fortune of meeting the owner, manager and booking manager and all are courteous, nice, eager to serve people. I recommend this place. From Sunday afternoons on the big patio to weeknights thumping and bumping and ESPECIALLY on the Romantasy Cabaret nights this place is both chill and exciting.
1	Had a horrible experience last night. They had a Halloween costume party on one side  and Bollywood night on the other. The security seeing we were desi's asked us to go to the other side. Will never return.
