1	This place is like an onion. The outside looks a little rough and it isn't until you see the inside can u know how pungant the onion actually is!As it's dirty brown exterior doesn't really scream "eat here!" but the huge mural on one wall does help so does the clear christmas lights hanging from it's roof. One Saturday night a friend and I went venturing for a nice place to dine and came upon this place. I have always wanted to try this place as there are no other Italian places on the South side besides small Pizza places. So we went and checked out the menu first and everything sounded good especially the risoto. But everything was moderately priced. Nearly $20 a plate. I wasn't expecting that! Most places on this side of town are on the cheaper side which makes the south side so wonderful (if u know where to go) a place to dine. We made some deals with ourselves and thought about what to order and what not to order and then entered...And what met us was a smell I wouldn't wish upon ANYONE!It was an odd mix of cat urine, burnt garlic, rancid citrus... and maybe burnt bacon? but the most noticiable was the cat urine. I put on a brave face and got met with a bit of an attitude from their tight black t-shirt wearing Simon Cowell wanna be host/server that if we didn't make reservations, we weren't going to get a table for atleast an hour. I looked about the tiny dining room and saw people in small groups dining and having an okay time in the dimly lit dining room. I thought about waiting but the smell was so strong! My friend said it was a sign and refused to wait for a table.We wound up going to Sun Asian Kitchen and had a nice time. I still can't get over that smell! I never encountered anything like it!
3	I like Amanos  but I'm not sure if the reason I like it would be reason enough for others to visit.My husband and I frequent Amanos Pizza Bistro because it  is one of the only stand-alone restaurants in South Phoenix.  It's a quaint place with personality.  And they have a nice wine selection.The menu reminds me of Cibo's in Central Phoenix -- mostly gourmet-ish Pizzas.  However, there are some interesting gems on the menu.  If you are in the mood to try something a little out of the ordinary try the Rajas Gratin - served in a blazing hot casserole dish surrounded by toast points.  The combination of mushrooms, onions and chiles with a creamy sauce makes this an interesting mix. My favorite pizza is the Spinach, Sun-dried Tomato, and Queso Fresco Pizza.  I've also tried the Herb Crusted Chicken with Orzo .  Both are very nice.  My husband gets the Sausage and Penne Pasta -- it's served with a light tomato creme sauce.My great  disappointment is that the waiters never seem to recognize us or seem to remember what we order.  This seems strange considering the place seems to have good retention of wait staff -- we see the same servers every time we go.  The fact that the service seems aloof makes makes me sad.   In the three years we've lived in South Phoenix, we visit at least a 2 times a month. My husband and I always bring our out of town guests there.  And, we tip well.  I kind of hoped that eventually I would become a recognizable "regular" -- kind of like Cheers -- "ERIKA! ROSS!!  the waiters would exclaim as we walked in.   Maybe some day.  In the meantime, at least I see my neighbors in the place and they always greet us enthusiastically :)
4	Love the pizzas here!  (I'm a thin-crust pizza lover.)  Salads are awesome, too.  Must-try app: Goat cheese-stuffed peppedews!  Desserts look tantalizing.Fridays and Saturdays feature live musicians.  Call ahead for weekly specials, and plan to dine early for they run out of food fast!
3	Some friends came in so a group of 6 of us went here.  Cool little place with good atmosphere, basic and cozy.  Wines by the glass were good.  The bread was a bit stale but still pretty decent.  We ordered a variety of things.  The antipasto plate was good with several typical items.  My tomato sausage pizza was good, not great.  Needs some spice and flavor.  The halibut over sundried tomato basil risotto with aspargus was very good but the halibut was a little over cooked.  Otherwise, most everybody liked the food.  One person ordered a dish and asked for a little spice but it was way too spicy and they basically couldn't eat it.  Her husband ate it the next day because he could handle the spice but seriously it was way too spicy for most people.  Not a bad place, would probably go back but won't drive out of the way as the location is a little out there.
4	The menu here is great, even if unspectacular.  The pizzas are probably the mainstay of this place, so we'll start there: good crust, average sauce, and a decent balance of flavors.  However, I must add that last time we went, both Catherine and I struggled to understand why they would put figs and prosciutto on a red-sauce pizza for their special....... the tomato/herb combo sort of over-powered the delicate sweetness of the fig.Ordinarily, I must compliment the chef for attention to balanced flavors.  The salad menu is great--although I've gotten a little bored with it over the years.  And the entrees have usually been great as well.  I recall a great orzo dish that I tried some time back.Finally, I must comment that although it's been a while, we really appreciated the fresh fish specials on the menu.  Last fall, I think we dined at Amano's almost weekly and got a seafood dish each time.  It was great every time.  However, our last trip, Catherine ordered a cioppino dish that left much to be desired.We may have hit it on an off night, given that our only bad experiences were on the same visit.  Otherwise, this is everything that I expect of a popular neighborhood eatery.  *** One more thing: I hope that they've gotten rid of the tacky fat cherub paintings that adorn the walls.  Normally, Amano rotates the artwork, but these paintings were there for at least the last several months.  Otherwise, the ambience is great.
4	We recently moved to the area and actually bought our first home in the neighborhood behind Amanos. We decided to celebrate our purchase by walking to the resturant. The ambiance is cool, cozy. Waitress was friendly and helpful. The prices are slightly higher than they should be, but the quality and taste if the food makes up for it. Great wines, great pizzas. I recommend the large pizza on semenoia crust for 2. The cherry tomatoes are fresh and wonderful. We try to dine here at least once a month.
5	Amano pizza bistro is warm and inviting with an excellent everchanging wine selection. Food is delicious with positive emphasis on the rajas, pizza, fish, salads, and deserts. This restaurant welcomes all with a smile and the people are genuine. I would recommend this spot for a first date or a family meal any night!
5	Love, love, love, love this place! Not only is the food terrific, but the entire staff makes it a fun and relaxing place to go for dinner. We have never had a bad meal or bad service. There are always lots of laughs during dinner because of the the ribbing we give the staff, and they give back to us.Most important to mention- their monthly wine tasting is an event we refuse to miss. It's a 3 or 4 course meal, each course paired with a different wine. The food is always amazing (and never anything that is on the regular menu) and the wine is perfect. It is reservation-only event so make sure you get on their email list.
3	02/02/102.5 starsOrdered their white pizza for takeout.  Was told that it was extra garlicky and made w/ fresh roasted garlic.  Was a little disappointed when told the only cheese used was mozzarella.  The thin-crust pizza was just mediocre.  A bit on the salty side, yet didn't really taste flavorful- I attribute this to the singular use of mozzarella (I'm used to at least two blends- some of the combos I've tried at other restos included one or more of the ff: mozz, fontina, ricotta, asiago, white cheddar, and gorgonzola!).  While there was garlic, I really didn't find it particularly strong in garlic flavor, as I was warned it would be over the phone.  As to its thin-crust, again, I found it just OK.  I grabbed a slice as soon as I sat inside my car, and the crust already wasn't as crispy as I'd prefer it to be, and by the time I arrived home, the crust was completely soggy (and I don't live very far from APB.)I would like to give Amano's white pizza another try before completely writing it off as a pass, but perhaps I should just stick to their other pizza combination selections, which have proven themselves very good in the past (almost as good as Pizzeria Bianco and w/out the wait!).
2	Given the choices in this part of metro Phoenix, OK. Every time we eat here we seem to have a big bill without much food excitement to go with it. Maybe it's because we ordered drinks before dinner but please skip the G & T. The food is just OK, much worse than our own home made. The pizzas rubbery and salty, fish drowned in a soggy sauce. I did enjoy the steak salad and brand new fresh artichokes but look out for the overwrought, the overpriced, and the overcooked.
4	This place was great for a casual get-together. My friends and I stopped here for a central meeting place. It was small and quaint; nothing too special as far as atmosphere.The pizza is above average when it comes to thin crust. I had the spinach and sun dried tomato pizza and enjoyed the cheese/sauce/toppings ratio. I also tried the Gorgonzola and pear salad which was delicious and not over dressed. I like the seasonal aspect to the toppings and everything was very fresh. The staff was great. They let us hang out past closing and enjoy a couple of  glasses of wine. Overall, I had a pleasant experience and will be back! I would love to do the monthly wine tasting event!
4	I can't wait to try something else. The BF and I were craving Italian, and something new. I've lived in Laveen on baseline for almost 2 years now and neither of us had tried this place yet. I'm glad we thought of it, because it was just right. I had the angel hair pasta, with fresh basil, fresh mozzarella, garlic, tomatoes, and some olive oil, I chose to add the prosciutto and it was quite delicious. My BF had the mushroom ravioli special of the day and I got to try a bite, it was very different from my light pasta, but very good homemade ravioli, very much like a Marsala sauce. We also started off with the Bruschetta of the day, which was a crab mix. I thought it'd be hot, but it was cold and limey, it wasn't my favorite, but i did eat my share. All that and a bottle of Chianti for $73, wasn't bad at all. The place is small, probably seats 50 max, the service was great. Our waitress was very personable and attentive, she even asked if we were just going to take it slow, which is good for us, because we also study the menu like we're taking the SAT's. I can't wait to go back and try something else.
4	Trying it tonight...will update.  UPDATE!Had a Tuesday special 1/2 off bottles of wine which was perfect for a first time visit.  The Six Goat Cheese Stuffed Peppedews were excellent and then we moved onto the Gnocchi with Fresh Sage Butter and Roasted Vegetables along with the Angel Hair Pasta with spinach, shrimp and tomatos.  Both entrees were perfectly sized portions, flavorful and well prepared.  A stranger recommended Amanos to me and I will certainly go again.  The restaurant is small (30 people max - guess), clean and quiet with soft music playing over the sound system.  There is a bar which had a few couples chatting and the dining room was fairly busy with a little over half of the tables full.The restaurant is located near 16th Street and Baseline and is a nice option for those of us in the south Phoenix / South Mountain area who don't feel like driving into Phoenix or out into one of the suburbs.  Give it a try, you just might like this great little restaurant.
3	Amano's could use a few improvements. First, the balsamic they serve is cheap and only a grade up from pure vinegar. Second, put ground pepper on the table, or at least offer it when you bring the meals. The last few times I have been here it has only been average, I hope to see them step it up soon.
5	My wife and I drove by this place hundreds of times without ever paying much attention to it.  During the day, its very easy to miss.We decided to stop in after getting curious one day and checking the reviews on it.  After seeing that other people had good experiences with it, we gave it a try.  We were extremely happy  that we did.  Since then, we've been back a couple of times and we have never been disappointed.  I'm happy to see some very good food in the baseline corridor.  The pizza is good.  Thin crust, light, and flavorful.  We also had fried provolone for an appetizer, which was amazing, and the balsamic strawberries for dessert.Do yourself a favor and give this place a try... you won't be disappointed.
5	I love this restaurant, and almost hate to review it because I want it to stay a secret.  It reminds me of many of the restaurants in Alaska, where I'm from.  It is small, not in a fancy building, yet it still has a simple, elegant feel to it.  They usually have a good band, and the food is excellent.  Amano's serves the best seafood I've had since Alaska.   Their dishes are always cooked well, and served with perfect sauces and vegetables.  The staff is lovely, helpful, attentive, but not overbearing.  I'd eat here every night if I could!
5	The atmosphere is comfortable, the staff is consistently friendly, the presentation of the food was gorgeous and the food is fantastic. I have been to Amano several times and always return because you really can't beat the quality of fresh ingredients used at such a moderate price. It is a quaint restaurant that is nice for both a date location or family dinner. I recommend always trying one of the specials!
5	01/13/11It's been awhile since I last ate at Amano's Pizza Bistro, and after a strenuous, yet fun OYE circuit training session at Phoenix's FitLife, I thought I'd finally go and try one of Amano's pasta dishes, or perhaps that eggplant dish I spied an acquaintance and his wife had ordered months, maybe even a year ago.  Yeah, that and a salad...Service was very friendly and obliging, which is always appreciated.  I was able to sample a couple of wines before choosing one to accompany my order, which ended up being the White Asparagus to start and the Eggplant Rollatini for my main.  I felt famished, so I asked if Amano offered table bread, and yes, it does-- please send them over, thanks!  The bread looked great, but they were served on the cool side... I like dinner rolls and crostini served warm.  Toasted, even.  But it was crusty on the outside, so I didn't mind.The white asparagus app was HEAVENLY-- the asparagus spears were medium-sized and perfectly-blanched (the crunch was just splendid!), then baked w/ pancetta (the saltiness of this dish was spot-on) and, I believe, a gruyere-blue cheese (gorgonzola?) bechamel sauce.  The dinner rolls made a perfect pairing to sop up the delightful sauce.  A great app for two to share!  The eggplant rollatini was stuffed w/ ricotta, deep-fried, then topped w/ mozzarella and a tomato and garlic confit (chunky, and the acidity nicely paired w/ the sweet and salty ricotta in the eggplant- I liked it!), and garnished w/ delightful orzo and roasted veggies.  Yes, it was another "When Harry Met Sally" food-orgasm moment for me... I just had shivers go up and down my neck (the good kind!) just recalling how great this entree was!  I'm definitely going to order this again the next time I go- possibly this week!I forgot to mention that both app and entree were delivered not by my server, but by Chef Fabian himself, which was a nice touch.  I hadn't planned on having any dessert, but my meal had me so giddy w/ delight that I had to ask my server what were being offered that evening.  She told me about the rum cake, creme brulee, and tiramisu, and they all sounded great that I had to take a few seconds to consider.  I was about to tell her what I'd decided on, when Chef Fabian magically appeared at my table w/ a beautiful plate of the tiramisu!  It was EXQUISITE!  It's rare that I get to try tiramisu when I see it on the menu, bec. most often than not, restaurants prepare the mascarpone filling w/ powdered sugar.  Not at Amano's!  This version has to be the best I've ever tasted!  Dusted w/ a heavy layer of cocoa powder, the tiramisu also had delicious shavings of dark chocolate (loved the snaps made when I bit into them!) underneath drizzles of chocolate ganache...  A must-try!  Thank you to my server and Chef Fabian for a delightful meal; I foresee another visit in the very near future!
3	Amano's is refreshing little place among the chain restaurants and strip mall Mexican food places in South Phoenix. It has a laid back vibe with a touch of style. I love the you can see into the very clean kitchen from many locations! Pretty professional. The wine list is for beginners but thats fine- they have a little of everything and at decent prices. So, my friend and I live right down the road and we've been so curious about the Baseline 'wine bar,'- we stop in Friday night. It's not too crowded- no wait. Professional, well dressed staff seated us promptly. I ordered a glass of marlborough sauvignon blanc at 6.50 a glass. We were impressed with the menu and very surprised- we thought this place would be a spagetti and meat balls kind of place. I ended up ordering the Spinach, Sundried tomato, and Queso Fresco Pizza. ($11)Neesha had the Pesto stuffed chicken breast with Fettuccine Alfredo and roasted vegetables. ($17)We were served bread with olive and balsamic and I have to agree with Sunny B- the balsamic was too vinegary and the bread was super tough. You shouldn't eat the bread anyways- especially if you're about to have a carb feast of pasta and pizza. So, maybe this is Amano's subtle way of making actually follow my dieting rules... Our food came quickly- My pizza was good but its hard the go wrong with pizza. The crust was thin-ish and well seasoned, tasted fresh. The toppings were really good but I wish they would have really loaded on the spinach. I needed salt and pepper which they don't provide at the table and the ones our served brought me looked ancient- seriously- they were gross and not cute at all. This is a cool little restaurant- bring me some fresh sea salt and pepper in a GRINDER. I tried some of Neesha's alfredo- which I had to generously salt, first- and it was really good. Fresh, not too rich, om nom nom. I love alfredo, too- So I'm not going to sugar coat here.The real stand out was a roasted fresh vegtables that she got with her meal! They were to die for! Oven roasted asparagus, broccoli, green beans with a light seasoning. SO GOOD! The problem here- The portion size of the veggies was TINY- we absolutely demolished it. Amano's should cut the pasta portion in half and fill it with those phenomenal veggies! I didn't try her chicken but it looked beautiful fresh green pesto oozing out the side of a perfectly browned chicken breast. She ate the whole thing so it was probably quite good. I really wanted to try and creme brulee but we had boys coming over so we had to hustle home to get pretty and make our house look semi-presentable. Getting the check was a pain and took forever- our server forgot about us and after about 10 minutes we had to ask someone else. Not a huge deal but not cool either. I'm going to be back for sure- its a super decent place for baseline. I think my Hunny will love it and I have to try the creme brulee!
5	I used to live within walking distance. I moved. Bad decision.
5	I'm still here!4.5 stars.  (Initially wanted to give 5 stars, but an incident happened soon after I sat down, which I won't mention here, but if you're interested in finding out what, just PM me!)Came in for dinner and found a group of people standing around the bar area.  Waiting to be seated, I finally made eye contact w/ the group, which led to someone asking me if I was there for the art event.  I quickly said no and scanned the layout for posts regarding the art event, and there it was-- "Meet the Artist, 5p-6p, wine and apps served."  Before seating myself, I asked if I could still take advantage of the event and was told a resounding "Yes!"  Cool!Wine was offered quickly (white Torrontes, red Montepulciano D' Abruzzo).  Server Tess told me about the white selection, but was going to get back to me about the red, which they were "changing out" at the moment.  Someone (Chef Fabian?) must've alerted her to my choice of red on my last visit, bec. Tess came back w/ a half-glass of the red.  Didn't like it though, so I asked to try the white and found it satisfactory, so she promptly brought me a half-glass of it.  (I am currently sipping on my THIRD half-glass!  LOL.)  Apps, which I was told was going to be bruschetta, took awhile to come out [around 545p, actually, and AFTER the comp table bread and JUST BEFORE I received my ribeye steak salad entree ($13), which, for the most part, looked good (the meat slices didn't look that particularly attractive) and, more importantly, tasted good, as well!  The salad is comprised of 6 oz. of ribeye, organic mixed greens, artichokes, chopped asparagus, and feta cheese.]  The delivered app was actually a rectangular slice of the Semolina crust Margherita, which had a really nice crunch and flavor for a red-sauced pizza!  I agree w/ the two recent reviewers that the balsamic vinegar is a bit too vinegary, but I just asked for butter instead, and that solved that issue for me, although I know that might not be satisfactory to those who are looking for a healthier alternative to butter...Still vacillating on whether or not I'm to try tonight's dessert specials of Bread pudding (w/ bourbon sauce) or Hazelnut chocolate pot de creme, but I can't say that I haven't had a great time dining here, tonight!
5	Yum! Another wonderful evening at Amano's. Great food, friendly staff and in case you didn't know, Tuesday is 1/2 off bottle wine night. We shared a fabulous Cabernet from their Great selection. Hmmm... See you next Tuesday!
5	We are lucky enough to live minutes from here, but I would drive miles to eat here anyway. Hands down some of the best pizza ever!! Not to mention other amazing Italian dishes (gnocchi for example). Perfecto! We also attended a set menu wine dinner, and I could write a paragraph on the amazing food and wine. Do yourself a favor and eat here!
4	The best kept secret around South Mountain, the atmosphere is cozy, friendly and the food is great.  We come very often with friends and family members and enjoy Tuesday nights Wine specials.  Keep up the good work.
4	Good but pricey. Couple of chicken entree's and couple glasses of wine and we left at about $80. If had better for under $100 bucks but if I wanted to show the wife a good time close to home I would take her back.
2	I have ordered 4 pizzas in a week in the half's time. Two of them came very well done where the crust was pretty hard. They have no email address or a way of contacting by their web. All the pizza's I got were to go and I live 30 minutes away...not trying anything else there. The margarita pizza was good, but not when burned! The pizzas were good/decent. I expected a little more from the good reviews. I guess if u live close by and don't want the traditional Papa Johns, Pizza Hut, etc then you should try this place.
5	Cozy place. Friendly staff. French chef cooking Italian food. My favorite the hand made pizza but also all kind of  well executed appetizers: goat cheese peppadew, mussels white wine with creme sauce, bruschettas. You can order the specials, they're always a safe and surprising choice. Interesting wine selection. You also taste south of France and spanish influences. Overall great food for the money, I greatly recommend.
2	Cardboard pizza!
3	This is a restaurant we have passed by many many times, and a few nights ago, my husband convinced me to try it out. It's a cozy place, yet comfortable as they don't pack you in like sardines. Not much of a welcome from the staff, nor any introduction to the menu or explanation of the specials, which I found a little odd. The place was not packed on a weeknight, so it's not like the servers were scrambling. After a few questions, my husband ordered a mushroom and feta pizza which had a crispy crust and was very delicious. My filet (a special that evening) was just alright. It was closer to medium than the medium rare I had ordered, had a tough exterior, and was pretty small. The Gorgonzola sauce wasn't as good as others I've had elsewhere. It came with an assortment of fingerling potatoes, some of which I liked, and some nicely prepared asparagus. Getting tired of the Gorgonzola sauce, I had to ask for salt and pepper as the potatoes were not seasoned enough for my taste on their own. I don't know why they just don't have it on the table like every other restaurant. I'm willing to give Amano another try sometime, especially on the merit of the pizza.
3	My friend picked up 3 pizzas for pick up recently and I am torn between giving this place 3 and 4 stars.   Here's why.  It is based on structural integrity of the pizza, taste, and presentation.  We ordered the garlic, olive oil, basil, Romano, and mozzarella pizza.  The flavor of this pizza was quite nice, what it failed on was presentation.  None of the toppings were evenly distributed, and looked liked it was just flopped on the top, disappointing.     The next pizza we had was the Margherita.  The flavors were good, but again the toppings were just flopped on top.  The last pizza we had was the Italian sausage, caramelized fennel, roasted red peppers, and fontina.  My complaint about this pizza is that the dough is too thin to support the toppings.  Taste was there but you couldn't pick up the slice, it fell apart.   With all that being said, I enjoyed the taste and all but I think if they focus a little more on execution, the pizza would be a lot more solid.
4	There for dinner last night for the first time. Have past the place many times. My neighbor recommended the restaurant. I love the cozy feeling of the restaurant, the food was delicious. We finished our meal before the entertainment started, so we will have to come back again. Our waitress was fantastic. Nice to have a good restaurant so close to home.
5	Boy, am I surprised to see negative reviews on here.  I've lived close to and have been going to Amano for six straight years now, and have never had anything short of a delightful, delicious experience.I usually order the pear/walnut salad and the shrimp pasta or risotto dish.  It's delicious every time.  I've also tried their pizza, some of their specials (like a seafood stew), a pork dish, etc..  This is the place that I bring dates (hungry guys) to, and they are always very pleased with their dishes.  I am a serious cook, and am always delighted by the taste, presentation and balance of the dishes served here.The service is actually very friendly and frankly, the reason I like it is because it's not overbearing.  The same people have worked there for what seems like forever, and they remember you and are always helpful with the unique and yummy wine list.  No, they don't greet you in the same way as every other restaurant in town, but that's what makes this place so "homey" and comforting.  Like I said, I bring dates here, and we never feel rushed or watched, but always feel like we get what we need when we need it.  Thus, the staff supplements the already romantic feel of Amano.For people who whine about pricey meals, it's not any pricier than anything else around (unless you prefer Red Brick Pizza or McDonald's).  Yes, the meals are around $17.00 - 22.00.  You are sitting in a lovely place with fresh flowers and quality food where the napkins are linen, the salad plates are chilled, and the wine list is extensive and extremely reasonable.  If you are going to go out and $20.00 a meal is too much for you, then look at the menu before you start ordering.  Sorry, but this restaurant isn't looking for a person of your class to dine there anyway.If you live in the neighborhood, this is a great place for a romantic dinner, although I warn that it is also family (and therefore kid) friendly.  But seriously, their wine list is superb, and you can tell that everything is fresh and made on the spot.
5	This out-of-place pizza joint is a hidden treasure! My boyfriend and I have gone twice (in one week) and have thoroughly enjoyed every minute of our experience. The pizza is so good, I have no desire to try anything else on their menu. Both visits, we have gotten one appetizer (goat cheese stuffed peppers and stuffed portabello caps-a special) and shared a pizza (prociutto and artichoke & poblano peppers and mushrooms); every bite has been delicious! The value for the price is very good, $12-$15 for most of their pizzas. Don't miss this place, very traditional italian pizza--the crust is perfect: thin enough so that you can fold it in half to eat but thick enough so it doesn't break like a cracker. Yum!
4	Nice and relaxed. Not to stuffy. Very Casual. I will come back for a quick bite with a glass of wine.
4	It was my first time dining at this casual quaint little restaurant on a busy boulevard, E. Baseline Road.  Took me a while to find it with my GPS but was glad I did.  It is a free standing adobe brick building across the street from CVS Pharmacy.  Has a small courtyard where you can dine weather permitting.  We were one of the first patrons that evening but before long, the place was quite full.  Families and couples alike choose to dine here.  I ordered the Calabrese Salami pizza and was not disappointed.  The crust was nice and crisp just like I like it and the salami was very tasty.  The Linguini with Clams was to die for!  The best I have ever had. They serve seasonal beers and tonight's selection was an Anchor Steam Christmas Ale.  I really enjoyed it and actually had second one.  This restaurant was a recommendation from a friend who vacations in Phoenix all the time and always makes it a point to eat here.  It definitely will be on our list of places to dine when in Phoenix too.
5	My husband and I love coming here.  Most restaurants can be improved in some fashion if you want to sit down and critique every inch of it...We choose to go and enjoy the restaurant for it is.  An amazing little family run bistro in South Phoenix.  We have ordered just about everything on the menu and have never been disappointed.  The staff is always friendly and we have yet to have a glass of wine we didn't like.  We were there this past Saturday and had crab bruschetta, shrimp bruschetta and a huge bowl of mussels.  It was all outstanding.  And that says a lot since good seafood is hard to find in AZ.  I would highly recommend going to Amano's....and as for the presentation of the food, really?  I'm sorry.  Get a life.  It's a restaurant, not an art gallery.  While I do agree the food should look edible, I don't expect Monet on a plate.  Although if you ask the French chef, he may oblige your request.  ;o)
5	Best restaurant in Phoenix. Having moved to Phoenix from New Jersey a year ago, I was getting nervous about not being able to find a restaurant that came close to what I was accustomed to back east. Amano's exceeded every expectation. I am just mad at myself for not trying them sooner.
5	Been here a few times with different groups of friends, and it's always a fantastic experience. Everyone in the staff is so friendly and very knowledgeable about the menu, and it shows through how much they love and are proud of this place. Food is excellent and can easily beat other fancier places in fancier parts of town, and their daily specials are just mouth watering. Stop by and you won't be disappointed, and who knows, you may just get a lucky sighting of the chef who saunters around every now and then. Truly one of South Phoenix's hidden gems.
4	Went here on a recommendation from a friend. Great atmosphere. You feel at home when you enter this restaurant as it seems you're entering a cute and quaint cottage. A very Mom and Pop feel. Ordered the Tres Generations Margarita and it was phenomenal. Not sweet nor dry...just right. They brought some bread over (which seems to be made fresh there) for something small to munch on. The Antipasto salad was authentic.  Great deli meats, olives and cheeses.  There is no lettuce except for the small portion in the middle where the delicious seasoned tuna sits. I ordered the prosciutto and herb crusted chicken breast. The chicken was very tender and juicy. This is how chicken should be made. The fresh veggies were good and fresh. I definitely will be back and will look forward to try the pizza next. Looks Yummy!  Tess was very nice and super sweet. I gave it 4 stars only because I wish the bread came out warm instead of cold ;-)
3	I've been to this wine bar/restaurant before, however when I went recently there was very strong thick/humid odor. It was raining that day so it could have been the rain, but the odor killed my appetite. Service was a bit slow, but the wine the server suggested was great and the tiramisu was obviously home made and delightful. I would return... just not on a rainy day. Luckily we live in Phoenix.
5	Very good the pizza was great and the pasta was very good
4	First time here and food is great and the price very fair for the food quality, the dessert it was ok not great but not bad.
5	If there was an option for 6 stars, this place would get that from me :) service is a little slow sometimes but sometimes people need to slow down. A great date night place and they have live music and hang local art on the walls. The owners are super nice and the chef is a hoot!
5	Such a cool little place. We stop in for appetizers and wine every so often. We usually end up getting a pizza too. I think last time was a chorizo. We also take the suggestion of the staff regarding wines. They turned us on to one of our new favorites that we get for home now. I almost hope people don't find out about this little spot. It'd be nice to have a little south side secret.
5	First time here at the Bistro for us! A great friendly welcome at the door, about a 40 year old converted home into this amazing Bistro! Very eclectic Andy Warhol goes to Burning Man art work adorning the walls. Our server P. She was so attentive, informative. And knew her wines and options when asked what she would suggest.  The Chardonnay we chose for our meal was splendid, we both ordered our dinner from the "special" menu.  I had the Pasta Special House made porcini black truffle mushroom ravioli with a mushroom cream sauce! That dish was divine!! My husband had the entree special fresh grouper with Spanish saffron rice baby kale red bell pepper tomato asparagus topped with a Meyer infused olive oil! He was very pleased with his choice!  We will be back.
1	Went in with a party of 6 around 5:30pm. Took about 5-10 minutes for a drink order to be placed. Didn't get asked to order entree until being there for probably 25-30 minutes. Food was alright, overly salted. Service was absolutely horrible. We were never asked how our food was. We asked for our bill three times and it took 40 minutes to show up (which was supposedly being done by the owner). They refused to split our bill and coughed an attitude when we asked what was taking so long. Absolutely ridiculous service. Not worth it for the food at all. Do not go here.
5	We were staying a Legacy Golf Resort and went out looking for pizza. We stumbled upon this place and were very happy with what we found. Great food, nice wine selection and the staff is very cool! I would love to have a neighborhood place like this to frequent.
5	I came in Amano's for a pizza to go and I stayed and ate some chicken marsala.  Friendly staff and very good food.  I'll be back!
5	It doesn't get better than this, really. Great menu with interesting and wonderful daily specials. Friendliest staff we've ever met at a restaurant. I hesitate to call them staff because they're far more like family. Wine list is perfect with a great diversity. Fabian does a wonderful job overseeing the kitchen while Courtney, Patrice, Tess and Erica make for a wonderful, accepting atmosphere. Can not recommend this bistro enough!
1	I wish I could take stars away. Lamb, from frozen and spongey. Couscous, runny and bland. Gnocchi, bland and disappointing, like the service. The service... Awful. I was looking forward to eating here for a year. The first time I stopped by, they were closing early. The second time I had my whole family with me, but they were full (didn't hold any of this against them, it added to the mystic actually) finally got to try it on Nov 2nd and man! What a let down. I wish I could have had the same experience as so many others but, with my visit, there was nothing to like, at all.
1	Not A Good Value.Wow, I 'm a bitch. I just realized that I gave Lin's Grand Buffet four stars.Over the years we have become rather stringent in our reviews. There is no sense in being conciliatory when there are so many other restaurants to patronize. Our dollars go only so far. So if you are a reader who will eat just about anything you may like this place a lot. It starts out very promising. It is neat and clean inside and quite romantic, and the people are friendly. Great date night for intimacy --just not for foodies. If you have a trained palate you will get more out of this review. If you like anything, then you will probably not get much out of this review. We love all food--even truck food. We don't discriminate, but we give fair reviews and credit only where credit is due.Started with the breadbasket. There were 2 of us, so only 2 rolls brought. They were small and stale. We also had the pepperdews stuffed with goat cheese (six per order at $6 a plate), and the bruschetta (we chose an order with half tomatoes and half crab meat. There were two of each.)The goat cheese appetizer was cold- not at room temperature- therefore the sweetness of the pepperdews was a bit cloying, but redeemed with the pepper flavored olive oil. A dollar a bite! Kinda leaves a bad taste.In our opinion the pepperdews should have been packed in extra virgin olive oil and stored at room temperature--and the cheese filling taken out of the fridge an hour before opening the restaurant. The entire appetizer should be room temperature--if they had been we could have eaten another plate of them. The idea of them is appetizing, but the presentation abysmal. Side note: The bit of green  on top was wilted to the point of browning and would make Chef Ramsey cry. Flair is not as important in our book. But, just saying...The bruschetta, for the money, was a huge disappointment. While there was a sufficient amount of crab on each slice of toast, the bread was not fresh, it was not piping hot, and the crab was absolutely frigid. Crab should have been warmed up first, then served over PIPING HOT, TOASTY bread--which it was not. The crab was (obviously fake) another kind of flaky white fish. Barely passable. The garlic was abundant and good. The tomatoes were sweet cherry tomatoes. We would take imported canned San Marzanos al fiorno over fresh cherry tomatoes any day of the week. Just a disappointment.My Sicilian husband pronounced the bruschetta as an  Italian would (broo-SKETT-ah). The waitress passive-agressively shamed him, by repeating it twice as most Americans say it (broo-SHETTA), which only showed her ignorance. Otherwise, she was extremely friendly and talkative and the service was consistently good throughout our meal. I am being very fair here. She was truly nice, but she was sort of clueless.Our California Chardonnay was $29 for the bottle and our server described it as oak barrel aged. It had zero oak--so we think our server possibly made a bit of a mix up there. Anyway, it was just "okay". I expect a lot more for the money, but even then, we still consider $29 for a bottle a low price/every day price and yet it should have been better, but then wine is totally subjective in our humble opinion.We ordered a margharita pizza because we didn't think they could possibly disappoint us with something as beautiful and simple as tomatoes, fresh mozzarella and fresh basil. Oh boy-- it was PRACTICALLY INEDIBLE!The crust was decent, even a bit blackened on the bottom like we like it. And that's where that ends. The cheese was a fancy shred blend--like something you'd buy at the grocery store. HORRIBLE. Where were our fresh dollops of beautiful mozzarella? The basil was fresh and friseed, They put cherry tomatoes on this pizza! Not good Amano! Not good! The tomatoes were too small...too sweet. Just...wrong. This is not the pizza of our homeland. Barely palatable. The reason for one star.In our ongoing effort to find something noteworthy we did something that is law in our book--if the menu offers creme brulee we order it, even if we are not hungry. Creme brulee is a godsend. Unfortunately, the creme brulee here is "meh". If you've had truly great creme brulee nothing else will compare. The best we ever had was at Cafe Cherie in Montreal. It was in a low, wide dish with a thick, rich custard and thick, hard sugar top. Amano serves a small light creme brulee with a sugar top as light as an angel's wing. If that's your thing you'll love it. The vanilla bean had a good flavor. It just fell short in our book, and again--it was frigid, like almost everything else we ate there. Amano--you must take things out of the fridge! You'd solve most of your problems if you did. We did not order the olives for fear they would be pulled from a fridge.
5	My husband took me out on a date tonight and took me to this restaurant which is just up the street from us. it was delicious , the service was excellent and waitress was very nice. I had the choice angus filet mignon served with gratin potatoes, roasted asparagus, and a mustard cream sauce . My husband had the chicken marsala with wild mushrooms and linguini pasta . We topped it off with the rum cake with fresh fruit. we will be returning soon.
5	This is a gem of a restaurant in South Phoenix.  We have been eating here for years, and never anything less than fantastic food and wine.  The mushroom pizza is delicious.  The goat cheese stuffed peppadeaux, and the rajas gratin are my favorite appetizers.  They have a great wine menu.  And the balsamic strawberry dessert was amazing! Nice balance of tart and sweet.
3	It's been hit or miss.  The pepidew stuffed peppers are my fave and I want a double order every time I go.  Otherwise, I've had good and just mediocre food here.  The atmosphere is cool, such a small environment.  The wait staff is typically very knowledgeable, friendly, and very attentive.   Sometimes I wish they would open up the patio.  Great wine selection too!
4	Nice little small Italian bistro.  Both of our dinners were really tasty and I Loved the quaint ambiance.
4	I've been a Chef in the valley for a long time, and this place is one of my favorites. Great dinning experience, very small place that fills up quick. Get there eairly and you won't be disappointed with the food or service. Please be aware this is not a cheap place to eat, but the price is worth it.
3	This is a tough review, but I'll keep it short. The food was great! Great pizza and pasta. BEST roasted veggies I've EVER had. It's a bit on the pricy side. The bad... It smelled like a porta-potty in the dining area. It was almost unbearable. Could have been an unfortunate plumbing issue... Good thing the food was great. We'll try it again, but if it smells when we come back, we will turn around and walk out. Two other tables complained about the smell as well. With such an offensive smell, the staff should have either sprayed the air, or simply closed for the evening. Just my. 02
3	Good was ok.  I guess  its real Italian food. We had to ask the waitress 20 questions.  Crab app was great.  Martini was excellent.  Food over priced for the portioned size . Not kid friendly
5	We love Amano's! I'm not sure why I haven't written a review until now. The food is great! The pizzas are very good as are the pastas and meat dishes. Be sure to check out the specials menu. The service is excellent. It's always a pleasure to be waited on by Patrice- she is quick, knows the menu, and appears with crayons and coloring pages right when my kids need it. Try the antipasti platter. Try the AMAZING balsamic glazed strawberry dessert. Tread carefully around the after-dinner carmels. Most of the time they are amazing (vanilla black balsamic: omg), but I will *never* get the flavor of the rosemary one out of my mouth. My advice: ask the flavor first.
3	A good place to go!  I have found they have good food and good service.  Tonight I had the linguini in a red cream sauce with prosciutto.  It was a littlI would recommend that you give this place a try because I think you will enjoy it.When you go in - tell them that Chris from Yelp recommended you go there.  They will have no idea who the hell I am but it might provide some interesting entertainment and a good laugh or two!Enjoy!
5	We absolutely love this place!  The food is fantastic and the treat us like family
5	Love this little gem! Such a fun place to meet with friends and family for delicious bruschetta and wine. The staff is great -- very personable and accommodating. Great wine selection and the food is good. You have to try the different bruschetta they offer!! The pizza is also wonderful.
1	I just have to say my experience at this restaurant was horrible tonight. The waitress was  not very attentive at all. We had to ask another wait staff for refills on our drinks. She seemed to be more focused on other tables than ours.  I mentioned our bad experience to the manager and he gave me a half hearted apology..That being said, the food was awesome, the service horrible.the only positive thing about tonight is that I got a $25  gift card.
4	We are lucky to have a restaurant like this in South Mountain.  I have been here a handful of times, and the service has always been friendly.  I have only had the pizza, but it's always great.  I went with new friends last night, and some of them had other non-pizza dishes that looked real good, and they gave good feedback as well.
5	I live extremely close to this place, and it kills me everytime I drive by it because I want to stop by EVERYTIME! The food is amazing and the staff is great! This is a true family orintated business and ran that way. Peter has been there for a few months now and is an excellent bartender, he's fast friendly and will pretty much put anything together for you if he can. We went in for the pizza and salad, and started thinking about their amazing mussels, unfortunely the ran out! :'-( ... We then asked if they could do the same except instead of mussels to use shrimp, OH MY GOODNESS! Talk about amazingness!! They we cooked to perfection and seasoned just right! We could not stopped eating them! If I wasn't so full from the pizza and salad we spilt I probably would have order another round of the shrimp. He said its vary rare the cooks do special request but being that it wasn't that busy the went ahead on put it together for us. So the key here is, make sure you go on a not so busy night and see what magic that can do do you! Lol
4	This was not the best experience that I have had here.First, I will say, most importantly, that the food was fantastic.  I enjoyed everything I ate and the portions were generous for the price, I thought.  They have a sea bass on special that is to die for.However, maybe it was because it was a wednesday, there was only one server on staff.  she was very knowledgeable about the entire menu and was able to steer us in the right direction.  However, it took her over ten minutes just to great us, while we watched her delightfully help another table that got in 5 minutes before us before acknowledging us, which was very frustrating.As for the atmosphere, we came here for our anniversary.  I was quite disappointed.  It was not very romantic and we left feeling unsatisfied even though we had a nice bottle of wine to enjoy and delish food, just something did not feel right.  It was quite bright in there and the only two seater tables were in very undesirable locations.  I felt like we could not talk without everyone hearing, and I definitely heard everyone elses conversation in the restaurant.If you are looking for upscale casual, this is definitely the place to go.  Romantic evening or to celebrate an occasion, not so much.  Our mistake I guess.
5	Let's keep this simple. I purchased a LivingSocial voucher. The intention was to invite my best friend, Tamra. I waited until that last day to use it and Tamra couldn't make it. So I decided to head to Amano Pizza Bistro on my own. It was busy but luckily for me, I took the seat by the corner wall at the bar. Ordered a glass of Malbec and took in the atmosphere until it was time to place my order. Salad was delish and the Italian Sausage pizza was amazing. I also ordered pasta (like that last thing I need is more food!) -- delish as well. The restaurant was completely busy and staff were kept on their toes --- yet I received such great service and attention. First time here but it won't be the last. I look forward to my next visit. Cheers***
5	The best desserts in AZ are at Amano Pizza Bistro. Even though it was packed I got a seat rather quickly. The moist cheesecake smothered in homeade chocolate was to die for, not to mention the amazing chocolate mouse. Not only were the desserts good but the atmosphere was great. It was a little pricy but with food that good price isn't an issue. I highly reccommend Amano Pizza Bistro's.
3	We went for date night. I liked how small and quaint the location is. You don't feel the restaurant chain or corporate vibe. As soon as as walked in we were greeted by the a staff and the waitress sat us. The tables had diverse group of people and there was a duo playing live music. The waitress suggested a specialty beer for my husband and he went with it although it was a bit different than what he normally gets. The food was delicious and have no complaints on the fake or quality.  Biggest issue was and seems to be the trend is that the wait staff is very very slow to refill you'd drinks. My mouth was dry and I really do good they fix this as I would have given them a higher rating if it wasn't for that.
4	A dish of shrimp and salmon, honest. It's worth the suggestion. If dinner, choose the low tables of the high tables side of the bar, which besides small, are in an environment where the music is high
1	Service was sloooooooow. Asked for(twice) and waited for our bill for 30+ minutes. Hard to enjoy the dinner with frustration after the meal.
5	Small place but good food and good service and not expensive!!! Can't wait to take the family from out of state
