3	On the 3500 block of Saint Laurent there is a host of nice restaurants, almost all with white tablecloths and candle lights, surrounding the trendy Complex Ex Centris shopping and cinema mall. At first glance, the Shed Cafe fits the bill, with its red lighted sign. But then you realize that the tables have no cloths, and there are large plasma TVs on overhead, with mostly groups of casually dressed men inside. This is Montreal's version of a sports bar!In this wine and hockey crazed town, where else can you go and watch Monday Night American Football? You may have to settle for Molson, or maybe Stella beer, or god forbid, a glass of French wine, but you can get your football fix! And perhaps better food than Hooters!Mais, Il n'est pas du lipstick sur le cochon!(excuse my French! I can't remember what I learned in High School!)Rough translation: But, No pigs with lipstick on them!There may be male chauvinist pigs present watching the game, but no pigs wearing lipstick! (Even though there is MAC lipstick store 3 doors down!)Come here for some food and drinks, and sports. On nice days, sit out on the sidewalk cafe tables and Shed a few.
3	Went on a Monday night, empty, we were the only ones in the place, but the two girls working there were super friendly and the beer was great.
5	I like that place, went there like 5 times, mostly with girlfriend. Great relax atmosphere, candles, low lights. I love the round tables surrounded by round banquettes... it feels like romantic intimate booths... really chill to hang out there.Full drinks and original food menu (chicken wraps with guacamole, burgers with goat cheese and things like that)EDIT : THIS PLACE IS CLOSED !!! there is now an Irish pub...
4	Ate here a few months ago while staying in Montreal. They had excellent fried calamari, which I couldn't get enough of.They also have a make your own salad, where the bring you a piece of paper and you check the boxes of whatever you want in it. Major downfall, is that the salad menu is not in English,  only French. To say my French is a little rusty is an understatement, so the waitress pretty much had to translate everything for me.I ended up ordering a mixed greens salad, which avocado, steak (SO GOOD!), and some other veggies. The balsamic dressing was great. Only thing that bothered me was when I ordered a water, that waitress responded "bottled flat or sparkling?" I had to think for a second and wonder if it's safe to drink the tap water in Montreal... I said "uh tap is fine?" And sure enough it was. Would return here on my next trip for sure.
