2	We have had a very disappointing experience with Malibu Pool Service and Repair.  Missed weekly appts, lack of proper chemical analysis and treatment, and equipment leaks that were not addressed.  We do not recommend this company to anyone!  And we have cancelled our service going forward.  Beware!
1	Missed appts. don't brush the pool or add chemicals as requested and agreed upon.  They flooded my backyard by leaving the hose on.  On top of that when we contacted them to remedy the issue they couldn't have cared less.  Avoid them.
1	At first he was great, serviced our pool on time, helped clean it up after buying the home.   After 1 year he started to get lazy, missed appointments, he got new help but he didn't train them properly which all leading to increased build up in the pool to where we couldn't use it.   He changed out our pump and set the times for low and high settings which both went on at the same time and caused havoc on my system. The final straw was him him forgetting to set a lever back which led to our pool draining in the summer. When I asked him he didn't know what system we had, and he said he would be out the next day to fix it which i threw a hose in to keep it full. A no show. I called and asked for an explanation, he pretty much told me his larger apartment complex clients were more important then I was.   I had to let him go. This was over a year ago, he may have changed his ways since then, but something as a new customer should be aware of.
5	This is easily the best pool services I have ever used. Kevin is honest, prompt and fair. He takes the time to look at my equipment and advise. He knows all there is to know about pool service and maintenance.  Can't recommend him highly enough. Call him!  He will not disappoint!
1	I was quoted 70.00 parts and 85.00 labor to have a 3 way valve cut out and replaced.  Kevin came and after determining only a seal needed replacing, went on to charge 15.00 parts - but the same 85.00 labor.Now they say the 85.00 is the "trip charge" - which is always charged regardless of if it is 10 minutes or an hour.If I had known the 85.00 was a trip charge I would have immediately contacted someone else for a quote, but I mistakenly assumed that if the manual labor to do the job was significantly reduced, then the corresponding amount charged would also be reduced somewhat.I'll never use them again and if you choose to I highly recommend you get everything spelled out clearly up front.
