5	I came for lunch while on business in Montreal.  Parking seems like a nightmare - I don't know if I should attribute it to the small lot, the icy roads, or the bad drivers (kidding!) but everyone seemed to take up 1.5 spots.  No matter. It wasn't very busy at lunchtime.  I didn't have their pizza - I decided to be adventurous and try their pesto pasta (with cranberries and nuts and goat cheese).  It seemed a strange mixture on paper but it was the most savory delicious pasta I've had.  The heavy cream was contrasted by the bite of the cranberries and crunch of the nuts.  It was enough that I saved my leftovers (despite having company-paid meals).  This place makes me think the cold winters are worth it!  (almost)
4	Excellent Italian with wood burning pizza oven.
4	I've eaten there many times, have had the pizza, the pasta, veal, chicken etc and all were delicious. My daughter had her sweet 16 party there and the staff gave the kids the same service and consideration as anyone else. We often bring home food as the portions are generous - not american size but generous all the same.  Definitely worth it.
4	I've been to manago many times and each time is always something more special and more delicious! First let me start by saying the ambiance in this place is very quaint and feels homely, sort of reminds me of a ski cabin up north, though the place is small and usually always packed it never ceases to amaze me at how well the food is prepared as the knowledge of the staff.Since going I've had dishes like the veal scallopini, salmon with white wine reduction and creme, pasta that you can mix and match with other sauces and of course their famous oven stove pizzas. Each bite as savoury as the next. Pricing isn't to bad either where I'd say just about moderate, and staff is always helpful always courteous and always happy to answer, suggest and give a great smile to you. What I would wish they had more of was mixed drinks, ordered a Cosmo and while it wasn't a bad drink it felt dry and almost tasteless, it wasn't the worst I'd ever had but wasn't the best either. Our server had told us that they had limited resources to making mixed drinks. Though it's only a nitpick it's something I'd hope for in the future but for now drinks aside, for a delectable meal that tastes amazing fresh and service that's bar none top notch Manago is a place I'd suggest to indeed check out.
4	The restaurant has a luminous feel with very high  ceilings, a cottage like-feel. The house salad is fresh with a light vinaigrette and the onion mixed in was good, not too strong.  I ate my meal so quickly because it was so good, the veggies had so much butter and everything was cooked perfectly.  With a generous amount of veggie, the meal still felt healthy. My friends ordered pasta and sandwich, even thought they did not eat as fast as I, they were all satisfied.
4	Salmon is amazing with scalloped potatoes.
5	Good Italian food and wood stove for pizza. Try the pizza.
4	Been here a few times, always for lunch. Great place and great service! Excellent pizza. Thin crust with good variety of choices.Tried their veal with spaghetti; the pasta and its sauce were very good but the veal was tasteless.
4	Arrived early on a weekday afternoon for supper.   Was able to sit on their patio, its in the parking lot of the strip mall, however the flowers are so much in bloom and plentiful you kind of forget your in lot.   Had Straciatella soup to start, loved it!  for the main course, i had the veal and pasta.  It was very good, not too heavy just the right portion size.   They also have  a very good wine list, with a few private imports to choose from.
