5	I'm a very picky person and hard to please.  I checked out other OBGYN offices and I wasn't satisfied with any of them until I stumbled upon Brenda Martin and her office.  When I first called to make an appointment, unlike other offices that asked if I was sure I was even pregnant, Dr Martin's office gave me a great big congratulations on the phone.  They sounded interested in me and everything I had to say, they scheduled my appointment quickly and sent me all the information I would possibly need to help navigate the overwhelming times.When I got into their office, it was clean, the staff was prompt, friendly, and they had all my insurance information worked out. Don't get me started on the number of places I was told I was contracted with and ended up receiving huge out of network bills being told it was my fault.  Not with Shea Women's care, they are amazing.I was terrified my first visit, but this office made it smooth sailing and turned it into a great experience.  Most of my questions were answered before I even asked them, I loved the convenience of the ultrasound tech being in office, and it was just an amazing experience all around.All I can say is I hope Dr Martin stays with Shea Women's Care for a long time to come.  It's hard to find a great and caring doctor plus a friendly and knowledgeable staff all rolled in one.  She, and her office, have got me for life.
5	My best guess is a few Docs and NPs were unhappy with their prior practice, thought  they could do better on their own, and started up their own office.  And indeed, they have brought their wonderful level of care and stellar support staff to Shea Women's Care, with 100% success.I previously had seen Nancy Jorgensen, NP at another N Scottsdale office, and I tracked her down here.  Even though it had been more than a few years since I've seen her (as I lived across the country in the interim), she sat down and made the consultation portion seem like a chat between girlfriends.  She cares, she jokes, she's knowledgeable, etc.I also advised her that the visit was prompted because I'm soon to be out of health insurance. So she hooked me up with an Rx for BCPs as well as some samples to help me out.I had some blood drawn, and the tech Carol was super sweet and caring, and making sure she'd only stick me once (which is a feat considering I'm a tough draw!)Even check out was easy.  The gals up front were certainly busy, but took care of me in no time, and will follow up with me for a reminder appointment scheduling call a year from now.Absolutely, 100% fantastic service, support, and medical knowledge!  Highly recommended (and in fact, years ago, all my gfs saw Ms. Jorgensen at my recommendation!)SUPER DUPER BONUS:  They have REAL gowns to wear. None of that shitty pink plastic/papery crap here!
5	It might be weird having a guy write a review for Shea Women's Care (and Dr. Martin) but let me start at the end.  My wife had an unusual birthing experience.  Her water broke at 3:30am on a Saturday -- she was admitted into triage around 10:30am -- delivery room at 11:00pm -- began pushing at 8:30PM(!) the next night(!) -- our boy showed up at 11:58pm on Sunday night.  Basically, she had a good 45-hours of labor, panic, and joy.We called Dr. Martin on that Saturday around 8am and she told us to go to the hospital.  She then showed up more times than I can remember on her weekend to make sure my wife (and our baby) were doing okay; she went the extra mile to assure everything would work out fine.  When she showed up at 11pm on a Saturday night (just a few hours after already being there) I think my wife and I asked her to go home.  When we spoke to the nurses about Dr. Martin all the feedback was filled with:- "Oh yeah, she cares.  Dr. Martin is one of the good ones."- "Dr. Martin is just a good person and it's great you have her."- "I think we see Dr. Martin more often than the other doctors because she's just so caring."In the end, my wife had a very traumatic delivery and those in the room all agreed it was the most stressful birth they have had in recent memory.  I won't go into details but even the nurses hugged my wife after it was over.  Still, it was Dr. Brenda Martin at the helm steering the ship to safer-waters.  Her ability to remain calm under-pressure and her caring spirit went far beyond all expectations at the most stressful moment in my wife's (and my) life.  I could not have imagined the situation with another doctor and I thank G-d it was Dr. Martin who successfully delivers my son, protected my wife, and made sure all was well.  She's just the best.  Period.
1	I can not believe the glowing reviews this place has.  I had the worst experience with my first prenatal visit. This is my second pregnancy so I know what good prenatal care is.I arrived 15 minutes early to my appointment but spent nearly two hours in the office! The only person that seemed competent here was the ultrasound tech from Valley Perinatal.  She was friendly and reviewed everything with the baby. We were very pleased. Then, even though it was my appointment time (10-15 minutes after the appointment time ) I was told to wait back in the waiting room. The place doesn't have enough rooms? After maybe another 10-15 minutes we finally went back in only to wait another 10 minutes for the doctor to finally come in.  Dr. Martin seemed OK until I started asking her basic, common pregnancy symptoms questions. Her responses just showed that she was inexperienced and not knowledgeable. She gave me the wrong info on how much DHA I should be taking and then didn't know what Prilosec was. She fell short of answering my questions. She never reviewed the ultrasound or determined my due date. My husband even agreed that she didn't seem very competent.  How is she in this profession?  She also had no personality.   She wasted time and rambled on about not eating sushi or going in a hot tub....stuff you should already know - heard of Babycenter emails and articles? She did not make any efficient use of the appointment time. After being in the office for nearly 90 minutes, I was tired and hungry.  But, she asked if I had done blood work.  NO! I was sitting around waiting for her that I hadn't.  This is where everything went downhill.  The lady that did my blood draw was HORRIBLE!  I think she was from LabCorp She starting drawing blood and I started to get this weird pain. So, she quickly switched to the other arm without even checking if I was OK! She started drawing blood from my left arm and that's when I started screaming in pain. My whole arm went numb! She must of hit nerve twice! I felt like I was going to pass out!  I have NEVER experienced such a bad blood draw. No problems at all with my first pregnancy. This lady didn't know what she was doing. My arm was sore and tingling for at least 5 days after.I changed offices the same day. There is definitely better care out there. This office seems like it is not established enough and had no structure at all to the prenatal visit. They use a yahoo.com email address for communication.Also, should mention that I called the office today and they hung up at least 5 times!! I just wanted to confirm that they transferred my medical records. The girl answered and then hung up on me. I called back a few more times she put me on hold without even saying hello.  Finally, someone else answered and took care of me.  What is wrong with this place?
5	I love this place so much.  The staff has always been great with me, friendly, and patient.  The office is clean, from their waiting room, front desk, to their bathrooms, and exam rooms.  The doctors are all amazing, such sweet people.  This place is no where near my house, we're talking 25 or so miles a way and I still drive out here to see them.  That should be an indication of amazing service they provide.  Love this place.
1	Absolutely shocked. Did not even have the option to see the doctor. Instead, I had to see a nurse practitioner who was of no help at all. I left the office no better than when I came. They eagerly charged my insurance, and took my $55 co-pay and I left with NOTHING. No solid recommendations, no medical help, no solution, not even a sense of empathy. The nurse practitioner was rude and overtly condescending. At one point, she asked, and I quote, "Well, what do you want me to do about it??" I brought medical files that other doctors had found alarming, she barely read them and minimized my symptoms as though I was exaggerating. It was almost humiliating. I would never, ever return to this office. And I would not recommend this clinic to anyone who wants a CARING doctor.  My experience at this office was HORRIBLE. I've seen a few uncaring health professionals, but this one takes the cake.
5	I'm honestly surprised to see a couple of lower star reviews for Shea Women's Care here.  I started out with a different practice and after one visit knew it wasn't for me, so I found Dr. Carter & Shea Women's Care through a lot of searching.  I'm just about at the end of my pregnancy now and have been very happy with the care I have received.The one time that he was running behind they called me to see if I could come in a little later.  Jenae, his medical assistant is very nice and always calls back quickly.  I've also had to use their 24 hour emergency line a couple times and have received a call back very quickly from Dr. Carter himself.I don't have a bad thing to say and would highly recommend their practice!
1	The only reason I'm giving Shea Women's Care 1 star is due to my first visit for an annual well woman exam, that occurred over 1 year ago. At that time, I saw Dr Brenda Martin. She was wonderful and very thorough.  I recently scheduled another annual well woman exam. I had to re-schedule due to travel delays out of LA. I called from LA, 6+ hours before my scheduled appointment when I knew my flight into PHX was delayed. When I arrived for my subsequent appointment, I was told I was being charged a $35.00 "cancellation fee." I was also told that since I had re-scheduled an appointment last year, and that $35.00 "one time cancellation fee" had been "waived", I'd have to speak with the office manager, (who at the time was on vacation.) I asked the young lady at the desk if there were any telephone log notes regarding my recent or last years cancellation. There were not, (she didn't offer to show me anything.) I have the call date & time on my iPhone that shows my recent cancellation/re-schedule. I offered to show this to the employee at the front desk. She kept repeating the "office policy." She was professional and just doing her "job."  I get it.However.......I too understand the importance of patient scheduling. If I do not see patients, I do not get paid. Time is money. Again, after working as a licensed healthcare professional for 17 years, I get it. Life happens. I have no control over flight cancellations, illness, car wrecks or whatever else may cause a person to call and re-schedule. I always call to re-schedule. The incident causing a re-schedule last year was due to arriving at work at 8am, and by 9am, having to cover additional patients from another therapists caseload as that therapist went home ill. I had immediately called Shea Women's Care to re-schedule that days 3pm appointment as I knew I wouldn't be finished with work. Today, I received a call from the office manager of Shea Women's Group that their "policy" now requires a $55.00 "cancellation/re-schedule fee" as I walked out of the office (last week) when I arrived for my re-scheduled annual well woman exam. Did I walk out? Yes. Was I extremely frustrated? Yes. As a cash paying patient, I was being charged a ridiculous amount, and being demanded a "35.00 cancellation/re-schedule fee."  Really?!?  When I called hours ahead of time and re-scheduled?!? I find it amazing that the "re-schedule fee" is demanded, yet when a patient sits in the exam room for 30+ minutes AFTER the scheduled appointment time, the patients isn't re-imbursed for their time! Time is money, right?!?Healthcare in this country is a greedy train wreck and continues to get worse. I'm sure the healthcare professionals at Shea Women's Care are excellent providers. However, a change in such a ridiculous, unreasonable, rigid policy where everyone is penalized for the rudeness and lack of courtesy of other patients who simply donot show up or call regarding their scheduled appointment is a simpleton act of "cutting off your nose to spite your face."  Very poor business practices. I wish Shea Women's Care continued good luck. I will and am, no longer requiring their services.
5	I've been seeing Dr. Martin and now see Nancy NP. Both fabulous providers,  prompt, carrying, listened my concerns and were able to help me. Would highly recommend this office. Front office always calls to remind about my appointment. Overall great experience.
