5	Gorgeous Restaurant, designed by Adam T. One of the best french Restaurant in the States
5	So the wife and I had a chance to try out this restaurant before Christmas and I was very impressed.  I should first set out my standards, I have eaten at every 2 and 3 star restaurant in the US and most 1 star places.  I have also eaten at maybe 20% of the 3 star restaurants in Europe (there are a lot, comeon).  So if I seem in anyway snobbish, I am, at least about food.They start out with some Canapes, (5 actually, a recurring number that night) which were hit and miss.  But then, just remember if you get up after them, they were free :).The menu is either a 5-course tasting menu or a la carte.  As with any extraordinary restaurant, you should take the pre fixe unless you have eaten here several times.  The tasting menu here was $160, so expect around $500 or more for a couple, depending on how much you drink.I found the fish courses to be well above average, the "Langoustine 5-Ways" was very imposing but very good, while the "John Dorry Fillet" was soso.  The "Sea Scallops and Foie Gras" was good, but the flavors were not a perfect match.The palate cleansing course of a "Cucumber, Tomato, and Pineapple" after the fish was also unexpectedly good, probably the second best item I had all night.  The best part of the evening was the "Loin of Venison".  This was literally the best venison I have ever had, minus the weird sorbet they served with it, but I can ignore this.  The Red Cabbage-Black Currant Jam they served with it was a perfect match and really finished the meat well.The desert couse was made up of five dishes served in pairs and were good, but nothing to write home about.So my conclusion is, this is the second best restaurant in the US behind Per Se / French Laundry (which are the same place essentially).Good job those at the Mandarin Oriental for getting this fine French Chef to finally come to the US and to Chef Pierre, I will be visiting your restaurant often.
4	Beautiful restaurant, killer wine list and solid food.I started with the spiny lobster and found it oh so delicious.For the main course, the Turbot.  This fish was so creamy and smooth I would not do it justice in describing it.  The lemongrass butter really put this dish over the top.
3	It wasn't bad but it wasn't great either. Main complaint, every single time they put a course down in front of us (we were a table of 4) they got the dishes wrong. NOT OK. At a nice restaurant, you have to know where each plate is going and what each person ordered.As far as decor, underwhelmed. It's a small restaurant and the bar across the floor is stunning but the restaurant ambiance is so so. I enjoyed the food but it didn't blow me away. I've been spoiled in the last 2 weeks with the number of amazing meals I've had so my bar is pretty high. But...I was really looking forward to trying Chef Gagnaire's food. I liked the variety  but at times there was so much going on, I just got lost. Of the 3 scallops in my appetizer, i really liked one. Same thing for the foie gras.  I had the Veal for my main course which was quite good. I don't even remember if we ordered dessert... probably just espresso at that point.
4	My husband and I did the 6 course tasting but we substituted one of the courses for the foie gras appetizer (at an additional charge of course). The foie gras appetizer was foie gras 4 different ways I think...it was amazing, especially the custard and the seared versions. We thought the food was really good but at times a little too "adventurous" for us (i.e. the langoustine tartar). We've had the privilege of going to some pretty nice restaurants in the past and though I thought the food was good I don't think it blew us away. My husband and I agreed that next time if we come back we'd just do the foie gras app, a main course and a dessert and bypass the tasting.  Service was good and the decor was trendy but I think it's a pretty small restaurant.
5	This place has some serious game.Despite the many choices there are along the Strip, I would say that Pierre Gagnaire has some of the most innovative, unique and delicious creations.Be forewarned! - classic French cuisine this is not. No - although the preparation is definitely French, Twist uses modern techniques (molecular gastronomy type stuff) to enhance the character of the ingredient itself. Some of the dishes are rather complex and creates (excuse the pun) food for thought. This is not a place where you pig out - this place, my friends, is like a zen temple of food contemplation. When the canapes arrived, we were amazed at the number (5 different canapes). Normally, at most places, you get some sort of amuse bouche and that's it. Here, it's more of a course to wet your appetite.I was also amazed at the a la carte pricing - we ordered foie gras dishes for around $30  which amounted to foie gras four ways in quite sizable portions. The truffle dishes really had a generous amount on the plate. It's the real thing too... none of that truffle oil stuff (which doesn't have any real truffles in it anyway). The three dishes were almost a meal in of itself Everything was delicious.Service was excellent - our waiter was warm, knowledgeable without being snooty. (unlike at Joel Robuchon which in my humble opinion is overpriced and not that good.)If you have one restaurant to blow some money on - this is the place to hit, hands down.
4	Contemporary design as you walk in. I like the white, clean look and their nice lighting. There was a decorative artsy white plate which was cracked all over and it was a nice surprise as I thought that would be our actual plates.I had Santa Barbara Spiny Lobster as an appetizer which I recommend. My husband has Scallop and Melano Sporum Truffle which was just okay. My main dish was lobster, it was a generous size and I truly enjoyed it. I love versatile wine list! The restaurant just as all of Mandarin Oriental has that relaxed feel to it.
5	My new "Best Meal Ever" to which all other dining experiences will be compared, unseating an anniversary dinner at Anissa in New York in 2007.  Really a fantastic meal and amazing restaurant, everything from service, food, presentation, wine list, design and view are top notch.  The foursome I was with were so impressed we made a 2nd reservation as we were walking out to return in a few months when Chef Gagnaire is supposedly going to be in town and actually in the kitchen.  My first three star Michelin chef experience was even better than I expected.We decided to go the a la carte route so we could share and try more things.  I could tell the direction this was going right from the start with the amuse bouche that included 6 different tastings.  Favorites here were the Tuna Mousse served with a rice based cracker and these irish jello shots (i can't recall what they were actually called but that is the best description I can come up)Appetizers that stood out for me was the Lagostines served 5 ways and the scallops served 3 ways.  I ordered the veal but unfortunately they had run out, which in retrospect makes even me surprised I'm still willing to give Twist 5 stars.  The Lamb served three ways though made me quickly forget about the lack of veal.  This included a perfectly cooked lamb chop and a fantastic lamb shoulder dumpling.Two at our table ordered the Rib Eye which was served two ways.  The grilled rib eye was great, but the 2nd plate of rib eye tips was a bit disappointing to some of us.  Another ordered the halibut which was probably my favorite of all the main courses.For desert the souffle was amazing.Overall the food here is fantastic, with incredible presentation.  The variety of techniques and presentation used is quite impressive.  I highly suggest to anyone looking for a special occasion type restaurant in Vegas or if you just feel like splurging on a great meal.
2	Sorry, monsieur Gagnaire, I really wish I loved Twist but I just don't get it. Maybe I'll visit your other restaurant in Paris ( not the one in Vegas of course. )
4	Holy shit, foie gras four ways!  I've never eaten so much fattened liver in my life!  The four ways: a terrine with dried fig paste and toasted ginger bread; a chilled custard with green lentils and grilled zucchini; seared, with a sweet and sour duck glaze; and croquettes, nice a gooey on the inside, served with trevicchio coulis and red onions.  For an entree, I had the seared john dory with ancho pepper, mussels and baby greens.  Yum.  Very good wine pairings.The interior is very modern and the service was excellent.
5	It was such a fun meal. I've never eaten such creative food before. I got to try things I've only seen on TV, such as asparagus sorbet and lobster jelly. I felt like a judge on Iron Chef. Each dish was a surprise and I could not wait for what was next.The service was super attentive. The meal was truly amazing.
5	There wasn't a single mis-step in the entire evening. Despite the high ceilings and the glass-wall view of CityCenter, the restaurant actually feels intimate. The entry is basically a wide place at the end of a hallway. There's a four-seater bar right at the door, then tables pretty much in two narrow aisles the length of the room with a raised area at the end. Every table would have a view, so no worries there (though we did get seated windowside, which was nice). Service throughout was magnificent; they're obviously proud of the restaurant and the menu, but they're not obnoxious about it.The menu encompasses a huge range of items. Chef Gagnaire's signature, indicated by the restaurant's name, is his playful nature with food and putting unusual items together. My halibut came with a side of hibiscus gelee. Black cod came with asparagus ice cream. Get the picture? It was all very fun and a fascinating culinary exercise. Even if the exotic additions don't work for you, never fear--most of these things come on the side so you can add them or not. If you like the main ingredient of the dish, you'll be satisfied. Fish is still fish and meat is still meat; this is not one of those French places where they cover the food under a thousand heavy sauces. It's clean cooking. I give special marks to the halibut in lemongrass broth. Portions are quite large, and in addition they brought out several amuse bouche items, including a tuna whipped with chantilly cream on rice crackers. (Whipped fish? Delicious!) There was also a memorable palate cleanser of Jack Daniels/Guinness gelee sprinkled with gingerbread crumbs. Really doesn't sound like it would be a palate cleanser, but it was. At the end of the meal, there's a plate of petit fours. Also, the chef sent out a complimentary side of steamed vegetables with our main courses. Very nice touch, considering the high prices. Value-wise, I thought it was good. The desserts and a couple of the appetizers were maybe a touch overpriced, but the quality is so high it's hard to quibble much. At the end of the meal, they asked for feedback on the menu and were willing to listen to even the smallest suggestions. We got the impression they plan to rotate items frequently. A stop in the Mandarin Bar for a (very expensive) pre- or post-prandial cocktail is a must.
3	I recently returned from my annual visit to LV. I tried two new restuarants (Twist and CUT) and returned to my long-time favorite: Alex. We had very high expectations for Twist, and perhaps I ordered the wrong dishes, but I was a bit disappointed. The food is excellent, but a bit too fussy. There were a number of amuses; all were good, but none were memorable. I started with the foie gras degustation since I love everything foie gras, but this was a bit too much even for me. There were four different preparations, and probably one too many. The seared foie gras was a very generous portion and perfectly cooked and delicious. The foie gras terrine was another generous portion, but a bit too sweet. The foie gras croquette was cute. The foie gras custard with lentils didn't work for me--a bit too bland, and the lentils didn't add anything for me. I ordered the lobster tasting, which again had one too many components. All were tasty (although 2 of the dishes were very similar in taste). There was a funny tasting white mint broth that both my sister and I didn't care for. While our captain was the model of professionalism, one of the waiters was a bit too casual. I was almost too full for dessert, but since I knew I probably wouldn't be returning any time soon, I decided on the Kerala: tandoori apple, caramel cinnamon ice cream and mango salad (yes, once again one too many components). The apple and ice cream were very good, but the mango salad didn't add anything. The wine list is very expensive. The German Riesling that we ordered could be had at Lotus of Siam for $100 less.
5	I loved my dining experience here....every aspect of the meal was first rate. The food, service, and atmosphere all came together to make a truly memorable five star experience. We opted to go with three appetizers and dessert, which I think is the way to go in a place like this because the appetizers are what really stand out on the menu. I had langostine 5 ways, sweetbread, and foie gras 4 ways...so basically i had 12 dishes of food on top of the 5 amue bouches and the dessert. If you order an appetizer like langostine 5 ways...you literally get 5 different plates of langostine placed in front of you...grilled, seared, moussiline, gelee, and tartare. 4/5 were home runs...the weakest was the gelee. The sweetbread ( I LOVE sweetbread) and the foie were great too. dessert was called the "red circle" and was comprised of puff pastry, marzipan, marscapone cream, and one or two other elements I can't recall...but oh boy what a delicious end to the meal. I aked for  wine pairing for each course and the wines were decent, not great. service was efficient and friendly. The setting was very modern and attractive, with a great view from our table by the window. I highly recommend to foodies and people who want to experience something different.
2	It's not that the emperor has no clothes....he's just in his boxers.Starting off with the truly great - the space.  What an amazing hotel, and a beautiful restaurant.   23rd floor, high ceilings with huge glass panes that provide sweeping views of the Las Vegas strip.  Despite literally having Vegas all around you, from the minute you enter the hotel, you feel like you are being transported someplace else that is quiet, secluded, and exclusive.  I didn't see a single douchebag, or affliction tshirt.  In fact, my ultimate recommendation is to skip the restaurant, and go get a drink in the bar that's on the same floor, and has the same decor and same views.Everything else - meh.The food was just OK despite an eye-opening price tag.  Most of the "innovative" combinations and preparations just didn't work together, no matter how attractive they were.  We observed lots of diners trying to let the "experience" drive their enjoyment, rather than the taste of the food.  Sort of like how your buddies who joined the fraternity where you have to carry a marshmallow in your ass to get in convinced themselves that it was TOTALLY WORTH IT, bro, cuz it was AWESOME!!The "formal" service was merely stiff.  Tons of extra employees hanging around; one to serve you the food, another to explain what it is, etc.  At the same time, lots of unexplained gaps in communication and service.  They all just disappear at various times.I realize this review goes against the grain of the numerous 4 and 5 star reviews - how to explain it?  It's the reasons I gave above - it was TOTALLY WORTH IT, bro, cuz it was AWESOME!!
3	Dining in the clouds with a breathtaking view of the Strip. It is nice when you have a world renowned name that rhymes with Pierre Gagnaire and the Mandarin Oriental will do a $12 million full build out custom designed restaurant. Did it live up to the hype? Took my wife there for an early dinner on her birthday and had the taster menu. For the price the food was excellent but not much value considering for the same amount you could catch a plane to Napa and have a world class dinner for the same price...however much more affordable then Guy Savoy or Robuchon's. I was definitely blown away by the squab and foie combination. Definite artistry and precision in all the dishes. The langoustine 5 ways was at both extremes good and bad. Presentation was simple but the flavors paired well. The only two things that I did not care for were the tartar and consomme. For some reason these both fell short. The waiter was gracious enough to switch out my Venison for Tenderloin. Would I return? There was nothing really wrong with anything except for the fact that I've had better for $250 a head. It was well worth the first try and a satisfactory dining experience, but for the price there are so many other places to try at that same league and caliber.
5	This place was fabulous!! I agree with another reviewer, it seemed like it was an episode of Iron Chef! I am getting ahead of myself. Let me tell you about my evening... My hubby and I were celebrating our five year anniversary by staying at Aria. I am more about the food so it was my responsibility to choose the restauraunt. I must give props to my fellow yelpers for pointing me in the right direction. We were going to eat at MOzen because we really wanted to dine at the Mandarin Oriental. I am glad I switched to Twist. I requested a table by the window (made the reservation that day and it was a Friday) and we got it! As a local I see the Strip often but it was still pleasant to have that view during dinner. They started us off with an amuse-bouche. Hot damn! I've wanted one of these ever since I learned about it from the movie Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs. Yum! If this is a preview to what the chef wants us to experience then I am ready for that ride. (The palate cleansing Jack Daniels jello shot was fun, I will have to try to make it at home.) (I apologize, this is long!) we then got the langostine 5 ways. The first two hot ones are divine. The jelly one is disgusting. Too fishy. The waiter said that most people don't like it. (WTH! Take it off the menu then!) The sommelier (a super cute lady) brought out a White burgandy which paired nicely with our entire meal. Next we had the halibut and Jack Dory. Their sauces were so good I wanted to lick my plate clean. It came with seaweed mashed potatoes (so creamy), some radish thingy (meh), another jelly (not a fan) and a white bean and tomato jelly thing (tasty).  We also ordered the heirloom tomato and ravioli. It is only 1 giant ravioli which was underwhelming compared to the delicious veggies it came with. On to dessert. We ordered karavet? I think that was the name. It had apples and cinnamon and other fruits. Very good. But the complimentary petit four at the end of the meal was the winner. You really don't need to order a dessert when you can get all of that yummy goodness in a petit four!! I also had an espresso to end my meal (no soy milk for a cappuccino, bummer). The waiters and sommelier were all friendly and willing to chat with us (as you can tell from this rediculously long review that I am fairly chatty). Bottom line: some unique dishes and flavors that result in an amazing meal and a wonderful evening. If you have the opportunity to try it then go for it.
1	Terrible value for the money, i.e. overpriced.  Wine list is unimaginative and small.  Slow service.  Temperature was way too cold (one couple we saw had to be relocated to a different part of the restaurant because of the temp).  The food was however tasty (until they almost poisoned me... -- see below)Additionally, in spite of my warnings and questions, they fed me food that gave me a severe anaphalactic reaction.  That would have been catastrophic if I had been with business associates.I am sure the chef is a good cook however there are a lot of management issues both in front and in the kitchen that are not justifiable in any place that serves people food much less at this price.Be forewarned...For the money (and the risk) there are tons of better options in Vegas
5	This place is wonderful!!! I came in with my finance for a business dinner and like the restaurant's name the food gave me a Twist; in a good way of course. The atmosphere of this place is quiet and the lightings were beautiful.  The staff is friendly and don't worry about the what you could eat and what you can't eat because no matter what they will substitute/make a dish perfectly set for you. Great place to be at.
5	The best French restaurant I've ever been to. Love the fact that traditional French cuisine is served in such a modern setting.  My colleagues and I all had different dishes and we all end up sharing. Order anything on the menu and you should not be disappointed. Kudos to the pastry chef too because our meals finished off nicely with a his surprises. Sure they are pricey but we were well fed. No one left with an empty stomach.
5	This is a true culinary experience. The ambiance was carefully crafted and their attention to detail is remarkable. The dishes are extremely creative and thought-out. It's a great way to educate yourself on the plethora of preparations for any given dish. This is a restaurant to take your time at, so I wouldn't advise trying to squeeze in a show (although they accomodated our need to do so).  Also, this is one of those restaurants where the dishes are broken up into tiny portions so if this is an annoyance to you, don't bother going. Regardless, I didn't even have room for dessert at the end and I have a severe sweet tooth!
5	Beyond what I expected from Michelin rated Pierre Gagnaire.When I first saw the menu, I thought the chef was arrogant; preparing a single primary protein multiple ways for a single dish.  Thankfully he is!Every appetizer focuses on a single primary ingredient prepared with a different cooking technique and accented by supporting ingredients that truly showcase how good it can be.  The contrast in textures this creates is incredible.  Because the same protein is used there is a beautiful continuity in the entire dish.All dishes are well edited.  You can clearly taste each ingredient.  There is an incredible respect for ingredients.If its your first time dining at Twist, I would recommend having multiple appetizers and skipping the mains.  You will get to try the most flavors.For appetizers, the veal sweetbreads, langoustines, and foie gras are to die for.  Favored mains include the john dory and the Confucius duck.The price matches the quality and is well in line with Vegas standards.The space is contemporary and fits with the understated luxury of the Mandarin Oriental with the added flare one expects in Vegas.Three visits and I can wait to go back!
4	Another great experience! I think the foie gras was even better this time! The level of service was incredible. They actually welcomed me back by name, which was a nice touch. We had the same table and waiter. The rabbit dish (they affectionately refer to it as "Roger") was delish! The langostine was fantastic (except for the poached dish--I really cant stomach poached crustaceans).  Presentation was impeccable.  I'll be back!
5	Stayed at Aria for Thanksgiving. Spoke with the Concierge at the Hotel for a place to have a Formal Dinner with a Good Food and Ambiance. She Called and made a Reservation for 2 at the Twist by Pierre Gagnaire at Mandarin Hotel. Its on the 23rd Floor.Place has the best Seat in Town. With only 60 Seats. This Place has a very classy Ambiance. The Host ask for our Coat and Seated Us Well. The Servers. All has a VERY VERY Good Knowledge on what they Serve. We got the Six Course Tasting Menu. Plus a very very good bottle of Riesling wine from Germany .Its not the Buffet type of Serving you see. But small serving that by the end of the Meal. You'll be very Full.Im very pleased while they serve the Plate.They inform you of whats on it. How it was prepared. They all work together. I think i got around 5 + Servers come to our table explaining details on what they serve. As what I say. It may be very expensive But with the Experience? Id do it Once a Year. This is a QUALITY Restaurant with QUALITY SERVERS WHO KNOW WHAT THEY DO. From the HOST to Servers to the Managers !! Very Impressed.....Bill for 2      $400+Bill for Scharzhof Riesling. Egon Muller (2007)         $210plus a good tip for the Service ....Overall, Id Recommend it.....Mahalo to the Hawaiian Guy who served us. Another Server who was in Maui too. And the French Server who's very pleased with all the Questions we asked...
5	A full review will eventually be posted in the blog, but for the time being I will simply state that along with Sage these are the two best dining experiences in Vegas today.   Having been to most of the most well regarded restaurants across the country, I can only say that what Gagnaire's kichen produces needs to be "experienced" to truly appreciate it. Go with an open mind, order the things you think sound best, sit back and receive the epitome of flawless service.  If Keller/Achatz are the pinnacle of structured fine dining in the United States, Twist may just be the definition of a well calculated mad scientist.
5	Please try the Langoustine - It's their pride and joy.I highly recommend the Lamb Entree - cooked Fish is flimsy =pDessert? There was a oh-so-delicate and yet  "Marzipan" Pastry. Sweet enough to make you tear up and yet no excess sugar to scratch your throat =)
2	This is probably one of the most disappointing meals we've had from a chef of this high caliber.Perhaps because the restaurant is newly opened and the menu hasn't been perfected (well, that is still no excuse for overcooking beef)?Unlike the other low rating reviewer - service was really good for us. ambiance and table seating and arrangement was also not an issue. The only problem we had was entirely on the food.I like the different tasting dishes but some times it felt really disjointed and confused, as if it lacked something to tie all the small dishes together.  The langoustine tasting was quite fun and interesting. While some of the dishes were  amazing, others were like, huh? And the sake shot? I was like..hum...not sure why they are doing a shot of sake when they just sold us a bottle of really expensive wine...didn't really enhance the langoustine or the overall tasting experience. My husband's steak was overdone. He ordered rare, and the beef came out barely pink. We didn't want to send it back and just decided to concentrate on my venison which was prob one of the best I have ever had. The dessert tasting was fun and exciting. It was like a flirtatious girl all dressed up ready for a night on the town. Lots of "bling" and once again, many of the components didn't really make sense all together.This sounds really silly, but the warm baguette served before our meal was awesome (not baked in-house...but super tasty)!I was really hoping for so much more...
3	Twist sits on the 23rd floor of the building that houses the Mandarin Oriental;  it is a handsome looking restaurant with a spectacular view of the strip. The service is elegant but not stuffy; thoughtful but not over bearing. The bread service was good, with two different butters, salted and unsalted, but most importantly piping hot bread. My meal started off with a forgettable amusee, so forgettable that I've erm. forgotten what it was. For appetizer, I opted for the Alba truffle scallop mousseline, a pretty traditional preparation. The scallop mousseline was smooth and very refined; a perfect vehicle for the Alba truffles. A decent start to a meal.For main course, I had the Ribeye done two ways; the loin of the ribeye was grilled and the tips of the ribeye sauted with sesame and a french bean salad. The dish was accompanied by a green cabbage fondue, a bordelaise sauce and 3 very minute crisps of potato chips on a nantaise marshmallow garnished with pickled shallots. The beef was exceedingly well cooked, but overly rich, especially paired with the tasty but oily sauted french beans. The green cabbage fondue again was delicious but overly rich when paired with the rich beef. I didn't care for the nantaise marshmallow  which I thought tasted like soap -- pity because I really needed the tartness from this side.i opted not to have a desert; and finished the meal with some petit fours and a macchiato. The petit fours were tasty, but nothing spectacular.I'm in two minds about this rating, and bordering between 3 and 4.4 stars because the food in general was well cooked and delicious. 3 because I expected a lot more from a chef with this reputation. The menu read well, but didn't really inspire me or looked particularly interesting or exciting. No doubt the food was well cooked, but was it modern, interesting or inspiring; yess-ish, no and no. For the price, I would try the other Frenchmen's restaurants.
1	I hate to write a negative review of a place so critically acclaimed, but Twist was a colossal FAIL for us.  We went there based on the extremely high recommendation posted on uhockey's blog.  The hotel itself is very cool.  It's dark and the bar had spectacular floor to ceiling windows on each side.  The restaurant was completely empty on a Tuesday night which was a bad sign.  We opted for the "Spirit" tasting menu with wine pairings.  Only 2 of the courses were really good (the scallop with pumpkin soup and the venision).  The remainder were either not memorable or literally downright inedible.  Things tending to be on the extreme cold or bitter side (or both).  The "Iichiko" course was downright disgusting.  When we all complained to the waiters about it they laughed at us (as if the joke was on us).  Even if you don't believe the negative reviews and want to try Twist anyway, be away that this place is uber-expensive.  2 tasting menus with wines (and not even the fancy wines) is about $750!  This was over double what it cost us to eat at far better and fancy restaurants in Vegas.  Overall, Twist is extremely overrated and disappointing.
3	I chose Twist for my birthday dinner - having been to most of the other top restaurants in town, I was wanting to try something new and different for my birthday. It was a pleasant evening, but based on the prices and reputation of the chef I'm going to have to grade this place a little harshly. I'm going to draw several comparisons to Joel Robuchon because the price points are similar, although I realize Joel is meant to be more classic French and this food is meant to be more modern. Atmosphere: Beautiful! I do think Mix (which is quite similar from a design and view standpoint) is a bit prettier and has better views, but I do think this place was infinitely better than say Joel Robuchon from a design aesthetic. The music they played was very strange and space-age sounding, but I suppose that fits given the type of restaurant. Food: *Amuse Bouche - After being treated to a beautiful platter of canapes at Alex (so good my husband and I debated about asking for seconds!), and an amazing caviar & crab dish at Joel Robuchon, the amuse bouche here was pretty bad. It ranged from boring to interesting, but nothing tasted all that great. There were some boring bread sticks in olive oil (huh?). a mascarpone cheese ice cream with wasabi and sake (not good), a whiskey and guiness jello shot (huh??). and some boring cheese sandwich thing. Nothing I wanted seconds of!!*Bread - ok Joel Robuchon spoils you on bread for life I tell you. After being treated to a wheeled cart with 25+ choices there, the sad little plate of 3 breads (french, multigrain, and molasses with raisins) just wasn't cutting it. I can say the bread was served VERY hot and tasted pretty good. *Fig/Foie Gras - They unfortunately didn't have any seared or warm foie gras available whatsoever (odd to me in winter! and in a FRENCH RESTAURANT), but whatever. Sadly they have removed the "foie gras 4 ways" and replaced it with this. This was just basic cold foie gras terrine. Not all that tasty or special or interesting. I've had many better foie gras terrines in my life. *"Las Vegas" - This to me showcases how weird and random his cuisine truly is! It had 4 components -* tuna over pears -just creative enough to be special, impeccable tuna*lamb shoulder - braised and DELISH. One of the more special items we ate last night. Sad it was a tiny portion. *guacamole with cactus - yup as boring and weird as it sounds*Martini glass with sorbet and popcorn - I'm all for fun food, but this was just SILLY. I'm sorry you can't just throw popcorn in a martini glass with boring sorbet and call it gourmet. Nope. *Nebraska ribeye 2 ways - this was a pleasant surprise! It was HUGE (there was 12 ounces or so of center cut meat) and the meat was incredible. It was served with cut up burnt gross meat swimming in oil with green beans (HUH? so this is your "2 ways"??) and some pumpkin thing if memory serves. The sides didn't matter as the main ribeye was very large and very tasty. They could skip the nasty oily grizzle meat on the side if they are trying to seem gourmet. *"DEER" - a little odd to call it deer (it's always been venison in TX!), but mb they call it that because it's unlike venison in any way. It wasn't gamey and it was VERY tender. It was like a "deer" filet mignon. It was served with some terrible brussel sprouts and chewy gnocchi. Again, stop serving crappy sides already! At least the meat was really good, so I could look past it. Best "deer" I've ever had (and growing up in TX we ate deer quite a bit!!). *Dessert - Pierre Gagnier 5 ways (or something like that!) - I'll skip the boring details but this was actually fun, and enjoyable. There were playful desserts and to me dessert is a time to be silly. chocolate, caramel, apple, pistachio, etc, etc lots of flavors and all delicious! Wine: Pleasantly surprised with their domestic offerings. Some of my favorite Napa estate cabs were available and pricing wasn't really that bad. The wine service was very good as well. Service: The waiters were French and in my opinion could have been a tad friendlier. Because this place is expensive I'm disappointed that the service wasn't better. We spent a LOT on food and wine and I don't feel like we were treated as such. I asked for another multigrain roll and was promised another one... it NEVER CAME. I specifically ordered the "pre-theater menu" ($10 less than the regular menu), but I was charged full price. My husband went without water for 30 minutes. Nit picky stuff, but service should have been flawless! Overall impressions: I'm glad to have dined here, but I can't say we will likely come back. The food ranged from boring to weird to delicious, but never had that "this is the best bite of my life" quality to it. The meats were impeccable and the desserts were fun -those were the highlights for me. Service could be better, but the restaurant is beautiful. I would recommend trying Joel Robuchon first if you're looking for a fancy French dinner.
1	Took my wife here for her birthday. We have dined at all of the top restaurants in las Vegas. Guy savoy, Joel rubochon, cut etc...  Twist was pretty much the only top notch restaurant we have not dined at in las Vegas so we were excited. With the chefs credentials we thought twist would be a can't miss. We were wrong and it was our first bad experience with a place with such credentials.  The food was the worse part. Service was mediocre. Don't waste your money!!  Go elsewhere.
5	Came here for my first year anniversary. It was truly the best meal we've ever had. The omaha steak was incredible, cooked on the bone and then served already cut in two halves ready togo.the wine was perfect for our meal. The service is top notch! Considering everything from the food, service, experience,and atmosphere it's money well spent!
5	I have to admit that I am also extremely shocked at all the negative reviews. I had a wonderful dinner here and yes, it is expensive... but this is also a 3 star Michelin chef. My sister and i both got the six-course tasting menu.Let me just say if you just get drinks at the bar, make sure to order the Mandarin martini. It was SO good and really cold. It wasn't overly sweet but had a nice mandarin taste. I loved it.Meal started with an amuse bouche of bread sticks with some sort of dip (creme fraiche?, wasabi, cheese crackers). The bread sticks were delicious but the dip didn't really have much taste. Also served with a little tart with goat cheese and a Guinness jello-like bite. Both were pleasant bites but I LOVED the spoonful of apple sorbet with little diced up cooked pieces of apple. What a refreshing bite and perfect thing to cleanse the palate.The first course came was a cauliflower puree with calamari and butterfish carpaccio served with sliced beets and other things on top. On the side was asparagus in a gelee topped with parmesan cheese. Wow, what a unique and interesting combination. The cauliflower puree had chunky pieces of cauliflower in it too and I liked having that extra crunch. I also liked having the asparagus separate. I appreciate when flavors are separated (that are not mean to be combined).Next was shrimp served on some type of biscuit with spinach and broth. This was the only slightly disappointing dish. The shrimp was kind of mushy... making me think it wasn't fresh.Foie gras served three ways was next. The first was a hot version with a watercress puree on top. Everything was just so smooth and delicious and the consistency was perfect. They also served it cold with some nuts and little prune puree with crackers. WOW (I can't believe how many times I'm saying Wow), I loved how it was REALLY cold and the combination went really well. They also served it shaved raw on top of a salad with grapefruit. The shavings reminded me of lardo. Next came a lemon sorbet topped with a coconut foam and toasted coconut pieces. I liked how it was a nice palate cleanser and very beautiful.The main course was lamb two ways. The lamb chop was amazing. It had really nice marbling and I really enjoyed the horseradish and oregano crust. So flavorful. The 2nd version was a lamb leg served chopped with deep fried garlic. It was very Mediterranean-like. Also tasty but I liked the lamb chop better.Finally, we got 5 desserts. Yes 5! I thought they'd be tiny bites but they were actually bigger than I was expecting. My favorites were the upside down apple pie and the fruit salad topped with pistacchio pudding and cranberry marshmallows. Talk about creative! Of course they give you more with delicious meringues and other bite sized chocolates.Service is superb! It really doesn't get much better than that. They served and cleared everything in unison and replaced all of the silverware in between every single meal. I definitely think if you're celebrating something special, Twist is a fantastic restaurant with out-of-the-box foods and great views and decor. I will definitely be recommending it to my parents and anyone else who can really afford a nice expensive meal in Vegas. Bravo!Hope to one day be so lucky as to try his restaurant in Paris.
5	I am truly shocked at the wide array of ratings Twist has received, as the party of four foodie friends I dined with here this past weekend agreed it was one of our best meals ever!In looking at the reviews, I wonder if it is specifically the tasting menu that is disappointing? We did take a pass on it, as there were so many interesting-sounding items on the regular menu, and of course with 4 people you can share an even wider variety of dishes. The dishes were wonderfully prepared, and brilliantly conceived! Everyone ordered an appetizer and an entree, a drink, and we were too full to even entertain dessert. The total was $120/person including tax and tip - I have had less interesting fine-dining experiences and paid much, much more.
4	With Cirque tickets at the Bellagio @ 7:30, we came here for a pre-theatre dinner.  Which was a mistake, but more on that later.We arrived for the earliest possible dinner seating at 5:30 sharp and were quickly shown to our table, which comes with a complimentary view of the strip.  We quickly ordered from the 3-course menu, which became a 4-course menu with the 5 amuse bouches at the start.  The only real miss was the red pepper mousse, which may have had a touch too much vinegar for my taste.  My first course of the foie gras degustation was nearly too much.  Of the 3 variations, the foie salad ended up being the most enjoyable.  The fiancee's butterfish looked amazing.  Next up was the lamb, which was slightly disappointing due to the fact that lamb doesn't inspire much of a unique experience.  Lastly, the 5 desserts (2 settings) finished things off nicely, with the passion fruit dish being the most refreshing.At $105 for the 3-course, you are near the top end of the acceptable range.  However, the formula of food + view can't be beat.  My only real gripe at the end was how much we had to rush through the meal.  I felt that I had expressed enough concern about our 7:30 show that it would cause the waitstaff of promptly take our order.  Aside from that, we thoroughly enjoyed our meal, and look forward to visiting again.4 stars, but I feel that we had an incomplete experience and would definitely allot more time and enjoy the full tasting.  The food wasn't as whimsical as the name "Twist" would inspire.  Nevertheless, we'll be back, soon I hope.
5	The menu is something special.  It changes seasonally, so be what is on the site may not always be what you will get.  The food is incredibly innovative and well done with extreme flavors and presentation.  I liked it so much I booked it again for when I come back next month.
3	Let me preface my take by giving full disclosure.  I got food poisoning after eating here which put me out of comission for an entire day.  When you are in Vegas, being out for an entire day sucks!  I mention this because I want to write an unbiased review.  First, this restaurant is very elegant.  The food is inventive and really cool visually.  The service is top notch and everyone was very friendly.  Unfortunately, I thought the food fell short on taste.The hottie and I were vacationing in Vegas, living it up at Cosmopolitan, so I thought we would have a very nice dinner at Twist.  We decided to get the 3 course tasting menu and we added the CaliforniaDuck Foie Gras appetizer.  One thing I really give Pierre props for is that one course for him is like 3 different courses.  So our 3 course tasting menu plus a foie appetizer ended up being like a 12 course dinner.We started with a series of canapes.  While I enjoyed the canapes I thought they were almost too small to really be enjoyable.  I would much prefer 2 really tasty amuse bouche to the canapes.  For appetizer course I got the Summer in the City which is a shrimp and pork belly in a broth, a shrimp mousseline, and a foie gras ice cream.  It was good but not great.  Nice clean flavors.  The foie gras ice cream was surprisingly tasty.  The hottie got the Langoustine.  Gotta say that this was excellent.  Langoustine was cooked perfectly and the curry was a nice flavor.  We also go the California Duck Foie Gras appetizer added on.  I suspect this may have been the offending dish for me.  Anyway, the foie gras terrine was very rich but I prefer a cooked foie to the cold foie.  The shaved foie over sorbet was a bit weird for me.  The sour sorbet went well with the creamy foie I guess but..... ya a bit weird.  The foie parfait with diced duck breast was my favorite.  Nice smokey flavor from the duck went very well with the creamy foie parfait.Here comes one of my biggest complaints.  If you are gonna have a tasting menu and you are gonna charge $100+ for it, don't have chicken as your main course.... or at least give us a choice.  Unfortunately, we had to settle for the roasted chicken breast with pistachio almond paste for our main course.  Not good.  The chicken was tender but a bit dry.  The pistachio almond paste did nothing to add to the chicken and in my opinion was just a flavorless paste.We ended with the Grand Desserts which consists of 6 different desserts.  I commend Pierre for his many creative choices.  The interesting thing was that I could really taste the alcohol in the desserts.  So if you are an alchie you will love this place.I just can't give it any more than 3 stars because I thought the food was average.  It looked better than it tasted.  Don't know that I will go back again.
1	Singularly my least favorite meal in Vegas ever - bar none.  We had the full tasting menu with wine pairing.  Had full on palate exhaustion and indigestion by 2nd course.  So many fabulous places to enjoy in this great city...take this off your bucket list...I've never eaten anywhere that made me resort to childish food sniffing before I decided to put it in my mouth... not a single dish made me think, wow, how delicious, how interesting, how fun -- I pushed most away, didn't like the wine pairings - most of which were twist cap, by the way... everything was overly sweet.  lWe were just miserable, left exhausted by the experience which started out not with a warm welcome to the restaurant upon arrival and an introduction, but 'you want some wine?'   ???  wtf.  Cooking technique was perfect -- of that, there is no question.  I really think, if you do come here, ordering a la carte, must be the way to go.  Then you can create your own menu of their dishes which clearly use lovely ingredients but are more simply prepared and straightforward. We are tough critics, we get that, but I think for $1000 check for 2, this should be perfect, in every way.  And it wasn't.  Not even close.
5	I love love love this place.  Everytime I am in Vegas, I eat here at least once.  People don't let those negative reviews fool you.  Go to vegas, book your dinner with your loved one @ Twist.  You will walk out very happy.  Not sure what to eat? Simple, Pierre Gagnaire Tasting menu will make you extremely satisfied.  For two people without wine, you are looking to spend about $500 including tips and beverage.  With wine pairing, add extra $250 or so.  But honestly, save yourself on wine, they are not that great.  However, everything I had on my tasting menu worth every penny.  I have had dinner at Twist four times now and I always left 100% satisfied.  You will too ;)
3	I was really excited about this place....we booked for the full tasting menu and grand pairing.  The place is very classy, bright but not overwhelming. Enough so you can see your food and the interesting interior design. floating butterflies and candle balls fill the ceiling.  And large cracked patterns on the wall.The menu is deceptive, since the tasting menu has only 6 courses...but in reality, each course was a trio....so, its almost getting 18 courses.  We thought  6 courses would not be enough, so we elected to order an extra dish (foie gras).  The meal was very interesting, and well prepared. Some of the flavors of the smaller dishes were a bit off or unfamiliar which threw me off a bit.  But the rest of the main dishes were well executed but i felt none of them really became the climax or was the center stage. Everything was just very consistent.  It was creative and great to look at...but nothing really was very memorable.  It kind of reminded me of my dinner at SONA when it was still open.  nice to look at but very flat in the flavor arc.I think my favorite dish looking back is the Scallop & langoustine.The wine pairing was good as well...but since the menu was mostly light and seafood heavy....the wine were mostly whites.  We probalby only had  2 reds....A Sangiovese and a Cabernet Sauvignon.I feel that the dishes are great, but somehow didn't work to elevate each other. Maybe it was the sequencing or the off flavors reset the anticipation.
4	A delight for a LV restaurant -- however, not up to par with Gagnaire's other restaurants at the Mandarin properties (e.g., Pierre at the Mandarin in Hong Kong).  Overall, the quality of the food and the service was well worth the expense.  We dined a la carte and had a lovely evening.
5	As others say below, this is a very experimental place. It's not cheap, and it's not a "classic" tasting menu. The concept is captured in the name - not like Olive Garden or Cheesecake Factory (emphasis on the Factory) - but in Twist. It truly is a twist of ingredients, preparations, and tastes. And if you are adventurous, it's amazing. If you like the other places I named earlier, you'll hate this and run back to your bucket of chicken across the street.First off, the entrance is spectacular. From the moment you set foot in the Mandarin hotel you leave the strip and are in another place. A calm place, and a relaxing place. Getting off on the 23rd floor, you walk through a candle lit hallway to the maitre d' who immediately greets you and escorts you to your table. I could do without the pause to print out something like a receipt for her records (tacky) but that's a small point.The space is wonderful. It's modern, just bright enough to not be annoying, and the views are enough Vegas to be there, but not so much that you feel like you need to hit a George Wallace show. From the hanging butterflies in the entrance to the hanging bubble lights throughout... spot on.We had the 6 course tasting menu. As others have mentioned, it is really more like 18 courses as each course comes with three dishes. Unlike other tasting menus I've had (and there have been many) the portions are quite large. Be aware that the main courses are fit for an a la carte main course. Pace yourself. You'll need it.We learned a long time ago to not do the wine pairing. I love wine pairings, but after a pre-dinner Champagne, the wife and I can be too drunk to remember anything else. Get a bottle. The markup is incredible, but the selection has enough variety that you'll find something you can work with.The food is... different. No, interesting. No, surprising. No, shocking. No, (consults thesaurus). No, all of those. And really good.I don't remember all the specifics (taking notes is tacky) but one course sticks out in my mind - julianne radishes beneath a robust red wine gelato. Yeah. That's what I'm talking about. Different. Delicious. Shocking. Amazing.The seafood is fresh, the preparation perfect, the presentation excellent, and the variety can't be messed with.The service is impeccable without being stuffy or overbearing. Sure, they walk you to the bathroom (I always find this both helpful and odd), but they don't have a "character" like some other places. The wait staff seemed like they were enjoying their jobs - and if you didn't like something (which is possible) they were ok with that. If you didn't finish a course, they weren't insulted but rather interested in what worked and what didn't for you.There are a lot of deserts to the menu and I can't stress that the portions are quite large. You will be exhausted by the end of this, but in a good way. Your palet will be exhausted, too. It's a food workout.
5	I had the meal of a lifetime here last week!Chef was in town and did a special dinner.  6 courses with wine pairing and a signed copy of his gorgeous book.What an absolutely insane barrage of food, from the first wave of amuse bouche to the last wave of petits fours.  Everything was fantastic.  Langoustines with scallops and jerusalem artichoke gelee anyone?  Yes, please!Gagnaire even came to the table to chat and take pictures.
3	Ah, Twist.  We are so conflicted about you.  My boyfriend and I dined here on Thanksgiving eve.  We saw the menu ahead of time.  We saw the price.  We were excited about the seafood on the menu, as we're not huge fans of turkey. During our meal, we remarked on how different and experimental everything was.  And tasty.  And the portion sizes were...ok.  And everything was... good.  And slightly weird. But tasty.  The desserts were the only serious disappointment.  My boyfriend described the dessert portions as insulting.  I was disappointed by the serious lack of chocolate.  I love chocolate.  Passion fruit isn't really my thing.  In the end, we spent $450, which includes tip and two glasses of wine.  And we kind of regret it.  The restaurant is absolutely gorgeous, and so peaceful and quiet.  A wonderful respite from the hustle and bustle of The Strip. The service was good.  Efficient but not obtrusive.  We actually had more of a rapport with the food runner, Louis, than anyone else.  Maybe our waiter was upset that we didn't order a $200 bottle of wine.  Whatever.  My boyfriend had a headache, and I wouldn't have finished a bottle on my own.Everything was fine.  But nothing knocked our socks off.  We love eating out.  I may even go so far as to call us "foodies".  The problem with Twist is, a year from now, I doubt I will be able to recall exactly what we ate.   I probably will be able to describe the decor, but not the food.I'm glad we went.  The view was amazing.  But for $450, the view shouldn't be my favorite part of the evening.
5	I have to admit, I LOVE French food. This was nothing less then an amazing dinner. The staff was very friendly. I did the tasting menu and also ordered the Foie Gras trio. It was fantastic. They brought out a few tastes from the chef, the one with caviar was my favorite. Being a foodie and going to culinary school I appreciated all of the flavors.I paired dinner with red wine. It was a great idea.It is a little expensive but completely worth it. Definitely a restaurant that I would go to again, and recommend.
5	In my mind, Pierre Gagnaire is famous for two things:  having one of the most expensive restaurants in Paris, and working with the concepts of molecular gastronomy in a very subtle way.  Others may be doing spherifications and powders and foams and gels and whatnot, but Gagnaire uses these concepts to make food that is innovative and interesting without forgetting its roots.Twist delivers on both of these in spades.We've been twice in the last two years.  It's a fancy, expensive restaurant.  Service has been both friendly and impeccably formal.  Not necessarily flawless ( they had some bar issues on our last visit ), but properly apologetic about the few flaws.  They were very accommodating when we requested a few modifications to the tasting menu.They make some very interesting and flavorful cocktails.  They know their wine list well.  The pours on their wine pairing are ... more than adequate.  As they should be, given the price.And the food - intricately crafted.   Yes, the portions are reasonably small ... but amazingly complex in construction and flavor ... yet balanced.  Nothing in your face - you have to pay attention to what you are eating to get your money's worth - but if you are the type to look closely at what you're eating and take the time to savor it, you *do* get your money's worth - from the set of small tastes that begins the meal all the way to dessert a few hours later.To reach the restaurant, you take elevators directly from the ground floor entrance, turning left out of the upstairs elevator lobby.  I should say that the restaurant was not very crowded when we visited last - it's a beautifully decorated space, modern yet subdued, with wonderful views down onto the strip.  I hope that they weather the current trend toward more casual dining in Las Vegas; this is a restaurant I'd like to revisit.
1	We went there for our anniversary last week.My husband ordered the complete tasting menu with wine pairing and I ordered the 3 course tasting menu.The service was horrible. Starving, they made me wait 1 hour for my first appetizer and 1 hour and 1/2 for the second which they made a mistake by serving me my husband's order (it was a mini portion of a cooked fish with the top being cooked but the inside totally RAW- I MEAN IF WE WANTED SASHIMI WE WOULD GO TO A SUSHI RESTAURANT- WHY WOULD WE PAY 400$ FOR TASTING MENU WHEN THEY CAN'T EVEN COOK A PIECE OF FISH????). So in 2 hours and 1/2 I pretty much had 1 appetizer and 1 cocktail. On top of the awful food, for my husband's second dish, the waiter served him his wine 30 minutes before they served him his dish so by the time he got anything to eat the wine was already finished and we were told no refills.  For his third dish, he got the food 30 minutes before they served him his wine so by the time my husband received his wine for his wine pairing he was already done eating.It was truly a horrible experience.I was really starving. We were seated at 6:30pm and furiously left the restaurant by 9pm. in 2 hours 1/2, I've had 1 appetizer and my husband had 3 courses of his 6 course tasting menu with 1 of the 3 being raw.What else can I say about this restaurant?????????We did not expect to get this low standard of service and food for this type of restaurant. It was really disapointing.
5	Another favorite! The service was by far one of the best! The food is mouth watering! Great vegan options!
4	One of the top 5 restaurants in Vegas, worth a trip.
5	WOW, Nice!
4	What a truly beautiful restaurant!  There is something very special about this location that I haven't come across at any of the other fine dining locations in Vegas. This is the perfect place to go for a special date.I was pleasantly surprised by the price.  Now, don't get me wrong - this place is far from cheap.  But for such an extravagant setting, it would be entirely possible to dine here and leave satisfied, but only spend $100 a person.  That is far less than I had assumed.  (Of course it would also be easy to spend much, much more).  I just mention this because I put off eating here for a while, thinking it would be too expensive, but now I am encouraging my friends to give it shot.  The way the menu is set up, everything is in trios.  I started with the foie gras appetizer and three different dishes were brought out at once.  My favorite was the foie veloute with escargot.  The flavors were so delicious, I wanted to lick the bowl.  The largest portion was a foie terrine that was quite tasty.  My only disappointment with that plate was that it only had a small cracker with it.  Foie is so rich that eating it plain by the spoonful is too much like chowing down on straight butter.  I finished the foie by pairing it with the delicious bread basket and it was much better.For my entree, I order the lobster.  The central dish had a very generous amount of butter-poached lobster that was truly delicious, however the accompaniments - avocado, banana, and mango, were bland and could have used some seasoning.  Also the mango was terribly underripe and tough.By the dessert course, I was full but had to try some of the sweets.  My favorite came in a martini glass with prune paste in the bottom and coffee granita and a muscovado tuile.  The flavors and textures were delicious together.All together my appetizer and entree were among the more expensive options, but included a total of six dishes and was under $100.  Considering how lovely and elegant everything was, I highly recommend the experience.  If you go, keep in mind they don't have their own self parking garage and the walk to the one at Aria is too far.  Just choose the free valet parking and you are dropped off only feet from the elevator to the restaurant.
5	Expensive but worth it! The oysters were amazing, the duck put of this world!  Don't even get me started on the wines or deserts, delicious!
5	Great food for what you are paying for -- under the assumption you are able to appreciate MOLECULAR GASTRONOMY.EXCEPTIONAL Culinary talent on the strip is hard to find -- outside of all the CORPORATE RESTAURANTS: Wolfgang Puck, Patina, Mario Batali, Emril, etc.Must try the TWISTED CHARCUTERIE PLATTER!!!!!!!!3 items on the menu had Foie Gras... I kinda wish that they offered a SEARED Foie Gras... they did not have it at the time of our visit -- only poached Foie Gras :(The restaurant is still GREAT none-the-less :)VERY TALENTED KITCHEN CREW!!!Even though the restaurant was full, FOH staff MADE SURE space was available for us that had a nice view (THE VEW IS AWESOME FROM THE RESTAURANT).The server was very informative and helpful.
5	The restaurant is absolute beauty. Our server, Andrew was very attentive. We had the pre- fixed menu with wine pairing, the portion for each dish are just the prefect amount of food, not only the look good but taste outstanding. The view also fabulous.
1	The signage to find the restaurant is a bit lacking but after I was able to make my way in the decor is wonderful.  the view is ok if you like looking at the old part of the southern end of the the strip.  The service was good, never hurried but the food was average at best.  I had the full tasting menu which consists of more than 6 plates.  That may have been part of the problem, there was no focus.  I love tasting menus because you get to try different items but when two thirds of the plates are bland, it wasn't worth the price.  Too many great restaurants in Vegas to spend this kind of money.
5	Location is great on the 23rd floor of mandarin oriental hotel.  We arrived a little early and service was fantastic.  Before the meal they bring out some mini appetizers which were fantastic.  We then had 2 foie gras and they arrive as 6 different dishes.  Simply amazing.I had the Oregon wagyu beef which was cocked to perfection and my wife tried their fish and shrimp plate which also was good.  For drinks we had Cucumber martinis (awesome), bloody Mary (pretty good).Dessert was again simply amazing.  Dinner here is expensive even without drinks.Waiters are very helpful so don't hesitate to ask them any questions.
4	Ambiance 4 out of 5: What you expect but the restaurant was actually smaller than I expected.Price 3 out of 5: For me it was ok because I knew what I was getting into when I made reservation. If your coming here don't complain about price...lolService 5 out of 5: You do get your money's worth on the service. Very professional and polite all the way through.Food 4 out of 5: Depends what you order but my steak was really good and it was huge...thought I was going to get a steak the size of a eraser.
2	My husband and I ate here November 3rd.  As some reviewers have favorably compared Twist to Joel Robuchon and Restaurant Guy Savoy (both establishments we have previously very much enjoyed) we were anxious to try Twist. What a HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT!!!  Our evening at Twist began with being met at the entry by a strong, nearly overwhelming odor of fish.  I have been in less stinky fish markets.  Despite making the reservation months in advance and the excitement we had leading up to the night, the odor was so powerful we nearly turned around and walked out.  For the record, neither of us are particularly sensitive to smells.  After being seated, we waited a moderate amount of time for our waiter to greet us.  While waiting we once again contemplated leaving due to the odor.  When our waiter finally made his way over to us, it became quickly evident he was ill-suited to his position:  technically inept and lacking refinement.  For as much as he appeared to struggle throughout the evening with us and others whom he was serving and for as unrefined as were his behavior and speech, he would have been ill-suited as a waiter in a TGIFridays.  There came a point when this fellow was so overwhelmed by his situation the sommelier came to clear our table.  The lack of training and refinement we observed in our waiter was also observed in the secondary staff.  As an example, we observed one fellow remove my husband's bread plate while clearing our appetizers and subsequently get rebuked within earshot of us by another staff member.  The food was good and plentiful with well balanced flavors-the only true positive I can offer from the evening.  The WOW factor we were expecting, though, was lacking and, though tasty, the food was certainly inadequate to counter the negatives of the rest of our experience.  The decor was okay but was neither inspired nor inspiring.  From the food and price standpoints specifically, Twist would be best compared to Michael Mina, Mix, Picasso, and the like.  However, in terms of overall experience, the stinky fish odor and the remarkably poor service experience would make for unfair and inaccurate comparisons with these other excellent restaurants.  My suggestion, skip it.  Huge waste of time, money, and calories.  In a city like Las Vegas there is so much better to be had.
3	Had dinner here on my last trip to Vegas and came away pretty conflicted.  The service and ambiance were what you'd expect of a fine dining establishment but most of the food did not impress me.  For an experience that will probably cost near $500 a person, that's a lot of money to drop to not enjoy every second of your time the place.  I tried the full tasting menu and wine parings.  All of the wine was excellent and went perfectly with the meal.  The tasting menu was a different story.  Some of the selections were transcendent (e.g. the Venison with side Venison stew), some a bit strange and not for everyone's taste (e.g. salad with sardine jelly) and one - I think it was a blue cheese dish with Blue Moon beer foam - was not very good at all; seriously that blue cheese dish was comparable to eating someone's bad breath.  Desert made an impressive first showing with six separate selections to indulge in but none of them really stood out as being anything special.The rest of the experience is top notch with attentive service, great atmosphere and stunning views of the strip.  I just wish I enjoyed the food better!
5	I frequent the Mandarin hotel as the lobby makes for an ideal place for quick business meetings.  Following one of those meetings we invited our clients to the private dinning room within Twist.  The food was amazing as were the parings suggested by the staff. (The foie grass was melt in your mouth delicious) The only draw back is the size of the room, only fits 16 and is a very snug fit at that number. This is counter balanced by the great view of the Las Vegas strip, all in all a great experience.
5	I've thought of the somewhat soulful quote "Cuisine does not measure itselfin terms of tradition or modernity.  One must read in it the tenderness of the chef."  It's an open showing of ones self through food I guess, there can be no other description of it as an artist would throw a gallery of their work open for criticism to the world, good and bad.The space is small, elegant and beautiful.  I'm sleepy and dehydrated but the small bar greets guests for a pre-dinner drink and the lively banter carries through the air.  There are perhaps 20 tables, some lining a great view in the Mandarin.  The staff ratio is high and they zip around with tremendous attention and courtesy; no rush nor pretense.The wine list is presented on an ipad, extensive with the usual selections of new and old world greats.  There's a special truffles menu this time, so let's move on to the food.On a three course, I almost call the food heavy, portions can be large and saucy.  The sauces are incredible, worth hanging on to for bread-dipping and the proteins are well-cared for and moist.  So, I must first call on the slow cooked scallops with truffles as an appetizer, ridiculously good and delicate.  Then there was the porcini veloute sauce foie gras, a tiny bite followed by two separates of scallop carpaccio and orange-onion gelee.  The mains are the tandoori monkfish and Nuoc-mam salmon.  Mushrooms abound in all dishes and the sauces are impeccable...did I mention I love mushrooms?  (We're also kind of full at this point from all the bread-dipping)So dessert offers room only for the grand dessert, fairly grand and ambitious.  I've lost count but several were better than the others.  The tastes are worth words; pear, dragon fruit, passion fruit and a lovely tangerine sorbet...I'm a sucker for sorbet.You're in vegas, across the room is the guy demeaning his girlfriend, the apologetic italian party in front of me for being a little raucous.  With one visit, I'm fortunate for great service and a stellar culinary experience.
3	Our first night in Vegas was celebrated at Twist & have to say there were some hits & some misses.  2 of the group got the Tasting Menu & 3 of us did A La CarteWe were sad to discover the Vegetarian Menu was actually a Vegan / Gluten Free Menu & most of the dishes didn't float our boats.  Just because we don't eat meat, it doesn't mean we only want fruit for dessert or no cheese / cream / pasta offerings for entrees....so the tasting menu was out for 2 of the 3 veggies & we chose a la carteBeet & mushroom salad - this was cold salad & was pretty tastyMain was the whole tomato stuffed w/ a curried rice - no wow factor & ended up giving over 3/4 of my dish to BFMeaty bunch in our group got the Foie Gras w/ Porcini & the foie & shrooms were cut in identical chunks & all cooked together so the flavors could compliment.  Eye rolls from the deliciousnessMains included Venison & Steak & the portions were extremely small.  The venison was overcooked although requested to be med rare & the steak was dry but expected since Buddy #1 ordered it med-well.There was an Intermezzo course of Blue Moon foam & Roquefort w/ poached Pears that was a major miss - very little cheese & way too tart.  The Vegan Menu Intermezzo was a Raspberry Sorbet & it was just a standard sorbetStarted dinner at 8:30pm & it was after 11:30pm when half of our table cried uncle & had to leave - timing between dishes was excruciatingly long & especially for those of us not enjoying the tasting menu - we left before the dessert course was served but were filled in the next day that this was a ginormous course that was basically 3 whole desserts.  There was supposed to be a tasting of 6 desserts but we were told that each of the 6 was like 1/2 of 1 entire dessert.....maybe we should have stayed  :-)Extremely impressive wine list & the ambiance was incredible.  Overall we had a great time chatting & catching up w/ the crew so have to say an A-OK was very well-deserved
5	Innovative. Unusual. Molecular gastronomy at its best. Seems like basic phenomenal food until you start thinking about how they make this food and what goes into it. The boar cutlets were refined and tender. But then have the side dish of boar stew and wow!  Gamey goodness on a cold winter night in Europe. Perfect!  Wine list is built to handle all comers and so many wonderful gems for not a lot of money. Far better than other more expensive restos on the strip. Hipper and younger crowd proves that the foodies know where to go
5	TwistOverall 5 StarsGold medal - Amazing viewSilver medal - Amazing serviceBronze medal - Amazing foodThis restaurant is truly worth every penny.  Everything from start to finish was amazing.  It was fine dining at one of its best.  Amazing and Fancy!When I arrived, the host offered to take my coat.  The restaurant brought me a purse hook for my purse.   It hooks on to the table, so you don't have to hold your purse or put your purse behind your back.  The wine menu was on a iPad.  It was very user friendly to use while searching for the type of wine preferred.  The restaurant brought out complimentary individual servings of mini loaf bread with salted and unsalted butter and  little cookies. I got the New York Sirloin.  All the pieces of meat were cut the same exact size.  All the sides were cut and disposed of, while only serving the evenly cooked middle pieces.  You know its fancy when the restaurant starts wasting food.  Meat side pieces be gone! The meat was cooked to perfection and the sauce was so tasty.  YUMMMMThe entire dinner was amazing while I had a incredible view of the strip the entire time.I would recommend this restaurant if you are looking for something new and yummy.HAPPY TWISTING!!
3	Did not go here afterall
4	I'm just gonna be brief about this restaurant: fantastic food, awesome service/ambiance, and interesting decorations. We had a foie gras dish, an oysters & langoustine dish, and loved every single bit of the food. We dined at this restaurant to see whether we like Pierre Gagnaire's cooking philosophy, and it turns out that we do! The experience made us want to try the Pierre Gagnaire restaurant in Paris when we visit.
5	I came to Twist for my birthday dinner and It was such a great food tasting adventure. We ordered 6 course tasting menu, Pacific Lingcod, and couple appetizers (Oysters & Langoustine and Hudson Valley Foie Gras). I am not going to talk about details of each dish. I am just gonna share highlights of my dinner. Both appetizers we ordered were superb. My foie gras appetizer came in 2 different forms/ways with apple ice cream. Savory way: Poached foie Gras with Morteau SausageI usually like my foie gras to go with something sweet. But I enjoyed this dish very much. It was such wonderful combination!Sweet way: Glenmorangie Glazed Duck foie Gras Terrine with ginger bread powders and hazelnutsOlala... Yum Yum Yum! There is no other word to describe this dish! The second I put it in my mouth, it melted. Then all the flavors and aromas of foie gras and hazelnut just went together. Two thumbs up!Apple ice cream was very refreshing after eating so much fatty foie gras.Oysters & Langoustine:Kumamoto Oysters were such a beauty. They were big, juicy and sweet. Nom!Fanny Bay Oyster nage, Clams and leek was more like a soup to me. It was a very elegant dish. Honestly, I enjoyed the appetizers I ordered more than the tasting menu dishes. I also felt 6 course menu was a bit too much for me. On my next visit, I would probably order appetizers only and skip entrees. I can't wait to come back soon and carry on this tasting adventure!!
4	This is a fancy place with a very romantic entrance leading from the 23rd floor hotel lobby of the Mandarin Oriental. It feels private and exquisite as you walk into the restaurant, and should you be seated next to the giant floor to ceiling windows, you will get a good view of the strip as well.They have a tasting menu, but you can also mix and match your own 2- or 3- course meals. We opted for the 2-course meal because we only managed to reserve an early dinner spot and *gasp* made the mistake of eating too much lunch.We started with an array of breads and a palate cleanser, which are all very delicious. Which is bad because I then proceeded to stuff myself with bread. Then I had the popcorn soup -- the soup itself was a bit too creamy for me, but the king crab salad that came with it was delightful, fresh, and crisp.My entree was the dover sole & prawns. While the dover sole felt a bit rubbery, the sauce was nice and delicious, and the prawns just blew me away. Very solid dishes. The mister's consisted of a very nicely done piece of steak, onion rings (!), and grilled vegetables that just melt in your mouth. That was definitely a superior entree.One thing of note is that each course of the meal was served with an array of dishes. It reminds me of certain Asian cuisines, and is an interesting way to present the food. It's even the same way if you get the special dessert -- you get a couple little plates of different sorts of desserts to sample, and all were very good, especially the blackberry petrified in sugar.A little complaint: the service was nice, but with the price tag on the food, not nice enough comparing to some of the other similar places I've been.
5	Twist continues to impress.  Contemporary dining space with illuminated glass globes suspended throughout, outstanding view of the Strip, warm and efficient service, and incredible food.  What more can you ask for?Straight to the food.  The Hudson Valley foie. Presented two ways.  Poached (sous-vide) served with a horseradish emulsion, tart sauerkraut and smoky Morteau sausage.  A great savory balance between earthy, tart, smoky flavors all cutting the richness of the foie.  Second, "nuggets" of a foie terrine "glazed" with Glenmorangie dusted with sweet and spicy gingerbread power and hazelnuts.  The smoky undertones of the single malt accentuates the mineral, livery taste of the foie.  Delish.  Apple ice cream on the side; perfect.The Dover sole & prawns is hard to top.  The orange scented fish ("glazed" with orange cider) is brought to life by an earthy morel cream and vegetal flavors of turnips, coriander, and spinach.  The addition of prawns adds sweetness and a nice oceanic flavor.  Complex yet refreshing dish.The list of great dishes goes on and on.  The degustation menus are the best way to sample Twist.  Portions are scaled down so no risk of over eating (unless you have the six course grand desert).  Beautiful and delicious; just remember, you've been warned.  Note for beef lovers:  Twist offers the best priced Japanese A5 Wagyu steak in Vegas.  Offered as a New York steak;  10 ounces, $198.   Of course, eating this would be BORING.Multiple revisits, always a twist!
5	The wife and both felt that this was the best dining experience we've ever had  between the food and the service. Ambience is pretty spectacular as well although we did not have a window table. I've seen comparisons to Guy Savoy which we have eaten at as well. While the presentation at Guy was definitely a wow factor the food and ambience was superior at Twist.  I won't get into food details because I'm not articulate enough in the way of foodies to adequately describe what I had other than naming the dishes but it was simply an incredible experience. Don't miss it if you plan on splurging.
4	This was a very "good" fine dining experience. I expected a bit more considering the price. The staff were nice but I felt very rushed during the meal. It was a Saturday seating at 8:30 and there were still empty tables so I'm not sure why the meal moved so quickly. Nice views.
5	After hearing raving reviews about Twist, I decided to give the restaurant a shot when I visited Vegas over spring break. You know what? My friends were absolutely right about the food. It was nothing short of amazing.Before I jump into the food, I just have to put out there that the ambience at Twist was incredibly romantic. Try to ask for a window seat if you can because the view from the 23rd floor of Mandarin Oriental was beautiful. The decor of the restaurant was also gorgeous - a mix of purples and silvers. The glass lighting above us was just the perfect touch to the classic but modern restaurant too.My boyfriend and I started with two of their cocktails, lemongrass mojito and La Passionee, both of which were delicious. I had La Passionee and it had just the right tinge of sour. Now, the food. Here are the dishes that particularly stood out during our meal even though everything was delectable:Spiny lobster: perfect blend of honey, lemon and mascarpone mousselinePoached foie grasDundee-pinky condiment: Comes with the foie gras but what I love about it is the apple ice cream (I don't think I've tasted anything so light and crisp)Grilled scallop: Cooked perfectly and not too saltedScallop tartare: Comes with the grilled scallop dish; wonderful textures between the tartare, mussels and dashi geleeRisotte with truffle and mushroom: Enough truffle to make anyone happy, including me, a huge, huge truffle fanChocolate souffle: Very, very well done but there was indeed a lot of chocolate garnishing as well
5	one of the best meals i've had in recent memory.first of all, the mandarin oriental is gorgeous. if i become filthy rich, i would definitely choose to stay here. a perfect way to describe it would be: understated luxury, which at first blush is at odds with flashy las vegas, but it just has enough flair to still give you that unmistakable sense that you're in sin city.anyway, about twist: there's clearly a reason why pierre gagnaire is among the world's most celebrated chefs- the food is deceivingly simple, yet incredibly fresh and delicious. this being vegas where you're supposed to throw caution to the wind, i sprang for the japanese wagyu steak with black truffle, because: why the heck not. and i was rewarded with the creamiest, smoothest, tastiest beef i've had in a long time. also, i'm a truffle whore, so that dish was phenomenal all around.small but outstanding wine selection. when the waiter asked me (by name; he addressed me by my last name the entire time) how my meal was, i commented that the the 97 barolo that i had was really good (and surprisingly affordable). when he came back, he had the sommelier in tow who wrote down the name of the wine and 2 other similar recommendations on the back of his business card. he also asked if i wanted it emailed to myself, i said sure, so he asked me to enter my email address on the wine section on the ipad (oh yeah, they ask at the beginning if you prefer paper or ipad for the menu, lol). so that was nice and helpful and convenient.service was excellent, as you might expect from a restaurant of this caliber. decor was outstanding- again, in line with the design of the hotel, it's subdued but thoroughly elegant. love the glass globes overhead that, when seen at certain angles, would seem to float in mid-air. also check out the bathroom- with its own view of the strip.i wish m. gagnaire would open a new york restaurant soon!
5	Went here last Saturday for dinner with the hubby. I do not write a lot of reviews. But I gotta say this place blew me away. The ambience was clean, classy, and understated. Our waiter was friendly and very accommodating.  My hubby had the 7 course meal with the grand wine pairing. I chose the 3 course spring menu with the wine pairing. Every single thing we had was fresh and flavored beyond anything I can describe. The wine pairings were just perfect nothing took away from the beauty of the food. The food was  A LOT!! usually we are hitting KFC after our fine dining experiences :) But not here! they will feed you well. The portions were amazing. I am just trying to figure out how to go again in May when I will be in Vegas next :)) Hint Hint Hubby!!!!
5	What can I say. This place is impeccable. I have been there twice and both times I am floored. The first time I actually flew into Vegas because Pierre was in town and running the restaurant. Last time I was there he was not so I got to experience both. The quality and service are impeccable. The most interesting thing about this place is that he is always giving two or three extra items on the side of every dish. Last time I was there we did a 5 course tasting and I counted the number of different tastes we tried..in terms of items...from amuse bouche to the little petit desserts that are complimentary. All in all there were about 27 different things I tried. What is so crazy is that 25/27 were amazing. I would have been content filling my belly which just one of them. The items that I thought were not amazing were not bad...they were good but different. So I cannot knock it for anything except for that it didn't meet my taste buds. The presentation was there, the ingenuity and creativity was there, the quality was there, the preparation was there. It just didn't work for me. I have been to a lot of places in Vegas...from Carnevino to Picasso, etc, etc. Twist by far stands out. It's at least a step or two above everyone. It's a step above Picasso. Picasso is great...but Twist is just one more notch above. I highly recommend this place...it is one of my favorite restaurants from all that I have tried in all the different places I have been...which is saying something since I eat out a lot and I travel a lot!
5	I went to two nice restaurants this vegas trip, Twist and the Cut, and twist won hands down. When you go to a nice establishment and treated like a queen when you first walk into the door it sets a great presidence for the rest of your meal. The hostess new our reservation when she saw our group size, was ready to take our coats and quickly sat us at our table facing the view of the strip. She even had a purse holder ready for the female guests. Once we ordered our drinks using their ipad, they gave us our menus and ample time to discuss our options. Our table got essentially every combination of the appetizer and meal option. Steak, lobster, pork, vegetarian and fish for the entrees and foie gras, crab, soup, cheese dish as the appetizer. all were amazing creation. They use various techniques from ice creamed blood sausage and cheese (two different dishes) to foams and gels with alcohol. Not only delicious but good conversation starters. Sounds like a small meal for the price, right? Well, they gave a ton of starters. We had the amuse bouche of a cucumber gel, squid ink biscuit, and three others that were all amazing spouts of flavor. And then bread. Each person received their own basket of bread. All were delicious. And they kept asking us if we wanted more. They each came out warm and wonderful. Through out our meal we were treated like royalty. A waiter was always watching our table to ensure we had everything we needed. Our plates cleared within a reasonable time (not too quickly, not too slowly) and cleaned our massive amounts of bread crumbs before each setting. It was just a fantastic experience. highly recommend for a date or with a group of friends.
5	Possibly the best dinner available in North America.....
5	Absolutely amazing restaurant -- I've posted pictures what we ordered and the dishes tasted as delicious as they look, particularly the ice cream made out of fresh vegetables and the lobster was divine.  Service was beyond fantastic and we also had a spectacular view from our table. My favorite restaurant in Las Vegas.
5	This is one of our favorite restaurants and if you can have only two meals in Las Vegas, it should be Twist and Joel Robuchon. Twist is innovative and each dish is truly a work of art; if you're lucky enough to be served by David, it will make your experience that much better but I can't imagine there is a mediocre server in the house.Twist is expensive, not for the faint of heart, but worth it and if you're a steak and potatoes kind of guy, it's not for you but if you appreciate cutting edge cuisine in a gorgeous room (check out the bathrooms), Twist is the place.... and what a view!
5	The first tip I have is just head to the elevator to the 23rd floor and hang left. Follow the gorgeous corridor of black lined with single flowered-vases into a forest of red paper butterflies hanging low on the ceiling. There, you will be greeted by a big smile and ushered to your seat by a helpful hostess. If you get there before dark, you see a view of the mountains surrounding Vegas. If you get there after dark, you will be surrounded by the lights of Vegas.You see what seems to be a broken plate glued back together on your table and wonder. Then, you notice the walls of the restaurant also share the same theme. Next, the waiter comes and asks if you like to start your experience with a drink. If the answer is yes, a smartly dressed sommelier comes over and makes recommendations based on what you plan to order. You can also see their wine collection through the glass window of the 2d floor. And if you are not a drinker, they offer complimentary sparking or still water.After you are done with your drink order, the waiter offers you the menu and walks you through the different menu options and assures you that the chef is flexible in letting you mix and match your tasting menu/prix fixe menu options. The waiter leaves you to mull over the menu.As you read through it, the friendly hostess comes by and offers you a purse holder if you carried a purse or magazines to read during your meal if you are a solo diner.When you turn to make eye contact with a waiter, he would immediately signal your primary waiter and he'd come over right away. He'd ask you if you had any questions. You state your preference and allergies. He'd recommend dishes and adjustments accordingly and asks if the recommendations are to your satisfaction.You notice your glass is never empty and that the servers are alert and watchful of your needs.The starter comes. Unfortunately you were on the phone so you don't know what is served. The waiter quietly puts down all the dishes in a specific pattern: A small refreshing gelee on a spoon, Chef's interpretation of buttered popcorn with 2 pieces of wafers, 3 mystery amuse bouchee that tasted really good and 3 pieces of bread: Crusty Baguette, Hard but Sweet Walnut Raisin and Soft and Savory buttermilk bread server with two small rounds of pattern butter. One with sprinkles of coarse salt and the other without. You try not to wolf everything down but you do anyway since its all good. You absorb the food and the view as the dishes are taken away and you wait for the first appetizer.Much to your surprise, the Troi De Foie Gras feature 2 served hot and 1 served cold. Your waiter recommends you start with the Seared Foie Gras with Raspberry & Red Beet reductions, Spinach salad & Turnip, followed by a Foie Croquette in Black Truffle Coulis then the Marbled Terrine with White Port Gelee and Fruit Chutney. You wondered who on earth would pair Foie Gras with Raspberry. You take a tentative bite that contains the foie, turnip and raspberry piece. You experience an instant Foodgasm. You savor every bite.  You pull the Croquette close to you and wonder how to eat it. You split it in half with your spoon and is surprised to find molten foie oozing into the Black Truffle Coulis. You take a big bite and nearly choke from the flavor punch.  You push it aside in favor of the cold terrine. Its strong yet not as tasty as the seared dish. You decide to eat it with the baguette and the experience improves. Next comes the Shellfish Mariniere. You expected a tomato-based stew like concoction. Instead you are presented with 3 puffs of champagne? foam, thinly sliced cuttlefish, razor/clams and the yummiest gnocchi ever. Before you know it, you finish everything in a flash then notes that even though spinach always leaves a chalky after taste, the buttered sauce lingering in your mouth makes the chalky taste taste good.You wonder if the Veal Tenderloin is going to be indian influenced or thai - green curry, sweet onion infusion, sauteed eggplant & pear, sweet onion puree sounds odd with veal. It comes. Beautiful uniform cuts. Pink in the middle. You take a bite. The green curry flavor is very light and unintrusive. As you continue eating your way down the line of veal cuts, you suddenly get hit but a burst of green curry flavor in the middle slice. You recover after deciding it wasn't so bad. The taste subsides as you continue digging in. The diced veal with sorrel is good but you are in verge of exploding from all the food already consumed.The GRAND DESSERT comes. 5 dishes laid out in very specific order. Meringue, Rodolphe Biscuit, Tandoori Apple, RRRRaspberry & Chocolate Ice Cream. You take a bite of everything and decides the RRR + Choco combo taste good.You ask for a menu to take home. You get a Gagnaire signed one. You beam and get beamed back.
5	The Food, staff and service is amazing! This chef is a food designer-the best!
4	Beautiful restaurant inside the Mandarin Oriental. Ordered the 3-course menu ($120/person) -Trio De Foie Gras - Amazing. The terrine had a really good sauce with it, the roasted foie gras was done very well, and the croquette version was something I've never had before and it was pretty amazing. I'd definitely order this again-Maine Lobster - Generous amount of lobster but it was pretty much drenched the lobster itself. Still good but I think I prefer just to eat lobster in the simplest way. -Raspberries and basil -- an assortment of sorbets and forms all over the plate. Delicious but almost too much foam. Overall, the food was really good but there were a few detail missteps on the service. For example, my husband's martini had a lot of ice chunks in it and instead of just getting us a new one, they said they would just strain it. Even if that's all you really do, just lie to us and say you'll get us a new one. Or when they would switch out his utensils for new ones but forgot to do that to mine.  I'm being super snotty but when you consider how much you're shelling out, you kind of expect a little bit better quality service. Esp when you get top notch service at [unnamed  but well-known restaurant at MGMt] that only cost $30 more. But still, definitely a solid restaurant.
4	I love this restaurant. Beautiful skyscraper view of the strip. Far removed from the obnoxious noise of casinos and trashy people. I had an amazing meal here. The decor is beautiful and understated. The service, for the most part was very prompt and professional. The amuse bouches were plentiful, beautiful, and interesting, they came out right away when we were so hungry. The fois gras three ways was amazing- a must for FG lovers. The rabbit was also very good, and they were kind enough to offer me a cheese plate instead of desserts, which I really appreciated. It was really a perfect evening. The only reason I cannot give this five stars was the very awkward situation that the staff created at the end of our meal. Our server, at our request brought the bill to the table and promptly asked if we needed a pen. This was confusing because we hadn't given him our credit card yet. Then he explained that he would bill it to our room. We smiled, and explained we were staying at another hotel, but joked if he had the right room number that we could fill it in. I honestly believe this was a joke poorly delivered, but the waiter had gotten a little chummy with us, which I don't mind, as he replied "Well... you know what we'd call that? FRAUD!" I don't believe he meant any harm, but his delivery of the word FRAUD was quite loud and garnered the attention of all the guests in the restaurant. Awkward.... yes.... It kind of ruined an otherwise perfect meal. I hope this waiter will handle his delivery and collection of the bill a little more discreetly and smoothly next time. It was very strange to experience this at a high end restaurant, it wasn't a buffet at Excalabur.
5	I visited this restaurant right after its original chef changed, I think it was November 2012. I visited other Pierre Gagnaire's restaurants in France, and Singapore however I would say this place was the best of Pierre Gagnaire. All dishes were very simple, traditional yet eccentric and has very strong originality that I could not find anywhere else.
5	Pricey? Yes. But worth every single penny I paid for my meal. My fish? Delicious. My salad. So yummy. My drinks: well done. It's rare to find a place that blows away your mind like this in every single aspect (food, atmosphere and decor). Even if you don't stay at the Mandarin while you're here, please make sure you have dinner here especially if you consider yourself to be a master foodie. The best part about my experience was our attentive waiter. He took the extra time to remember my name and have a good chat about every single plate that came out of the kitchen.
3	Came to Twist to celebrate a bday dinner. Stayed at Mandarin. Great service and our table provided an incredible view of the strip. I had the 4-course prix fixe. My entree was lamb and I was pleased. The presentation of everything was superb.Now for the cons: I didn't like their desserts at all. Not enough sweets. When just my order alone is $140 and I pay $6 for a coke, I didn't like being charged another $6 for a refill. Third, I felt rushed. There was no breathing room between courses. I finally told our server to give me a break before dessert. If I'm paying so much, then I should be given the chance to sit and enjoy it. It's expensive. For two people, with tax and tip it came to $350. Given the location and decor, this place has great potential. The service and presentation were great. But they need to work on the above.
3	They view and service were absolutely incredible. The food was bland and had no pop. Don't mind spending the money for great food and experience but it definitely was not worth the $500 I spent on the chef tasting for two.
5	A fantastic experience last night...we were celebrating our anniversary and so glad we chose Twist as the restaurant!  Our server was friendly, efficient and extremely professional.  The atmosphere is classy...nothing over the top, which is actually refreshing for Vegas.  Our wine was great, but the food stole the show.  My husband and I both enjoyed Pierre's salad with tomatoes, green beans, parmesan and a light, crisp lemon vinaigrette...perfect way to start the meal.  I also forgot to mention the amazing bread with French butter...oh la la!  My husband had the steak au poivre and said it was the best steak he has ever eaten...I tend to agree as I tried a small, tasty bite.  I enjoyed the saffron risotto with wild mushrooms and was not disappointed.  Our apple and cassis crumble with chocolate, caramel and rhubard sorbet was divine...so flavorful and just the right portion.This is a top notch experience and I highly recommend adding this restaurant to your itinerary when visiting Las Vegas!
3	I hate to give such a high end restaurant only 3 stars, but I really was not impressed by the food or the service or atmosphere of Twist. We were staying at The Mandarin, where this restaurant was located, and we thought it would be a good choice for dinner, since the menu looked good. The service was really lacking, as they brought out my dinner before my appetizer, and completely forgot about it. I hate being rushed in a restaurant where I am paying a lot, and I am expecting to spend a good portion of the evening, sipping wine and talking. I felt like I was at a party where I was being forced to leave before the dancing got under way. Food was nothing special, I say skip this joint, there are so many really good places to chose from in Vegas, cross this one off your list.
3	Was really looking forward to a romantic dinner at Twist last Saturday.  First, the dining room is beautiful and elegant and well appointed.  We were greeted by a server Miguel, and promptly seated at a nice table.  Our server Katherine came by to give menus and wine list.  We chose a moderate priced bottle and the three course prix fixe. Our wine was excellent as was all the food.  The food was amazing and worth the money.Why the less than five stars.....well after taking our orders the service went downhill.  The sommelier opened an poured the first glass and that was the last we saw of him.  The courses initially came out well timed but after the main course the empty plates and empty wine glasses were left on the table.  Never were we asked if we wanted another bottle of wine or another drink.  Once the main course was cleared dessert was brought out immediately ...along with the check. Again not asked if we needed anything or even an after dinner drink. We ate dessert and placed the credit card to pay....you would think that since they brought out the check so quickly with dessert they would have picked up the credit card.  More than once our server walked by and did not take it.  This went on for about 15 minutes. Lastly the petit fours were placed on the table as an after thought.I think the reason for the poor service was that the server and sommelier were too busy fawning over the next table of  "regulars" so we got ignored in turn. This poor service was unacceptable given the reputation the restaurant and reflects poorly. So despite the excellent reputation of the chef and quality of the food this was very disappointing, so much so that I am hard pressed to recommend this restaurant.
5	The restaurant is an island of chic and restrained contemporary decor in Las Vegas. The inventiveness of Pierre Gagnaire is present in each dish. Overall a fantastic culinary experience.
5	We had the 6-course tasting menu last Friday night. It was a beautiful journey for our taste buds!Goodies - O-M-G. The tuna apricot spread was heaven! The cheese cracker w/ a curry creamy cheese filling was to die for (perfect balance of spice and creaminess). The almond savory cookie was delicious! (tempted to ask them to bring me a box).. The Guinness beer jelly was the perfect cleanser to get ready for the next course! The bread service: this place probably has the best baguette outside of France. I also love the brioche because it was not greasy. First course - tuna cubes x foie gras cubes: it is a beautifully done starter. love it! Second  course -bster in 3 ways: the lobster was cooked perfectly. Tender. beautiful. The three methods (one is just poaching. But the other one was a small lobster salad and the last one was like a custard). Each of the dishes tasty and yummy!Third course - scallops with clams & oyster: O-M-G. This is a killer. The plate looked simple (raw scallops pieces covering clams/oyster plus a sea urchin puree plus a foam). But the flavor profile was complex: you can taste the freshness and sweetness of each shelf fish but none of the shelf fish over powers the other. The chef strike a perfect harmony to balance each of the delicate flavor. We love this course so badly. It showcased the ability to bring out freshness and beauty of each ingredients in a very genuine manner. Fourth course - sole w/ a beer citrus sauce and a cream sauce. The fish was cooked perfectly (duh). But the sauce was to die for!!!!Then we had our palette cleanser with green beans and mushroom. Very TASTY! Fifth course - veal with a grand marnier horseradish gelato. I'm not a big fan of horseradish so I just used very little. However, when I had a bite of veal with the red cabbage and grapes and the gelato - it just made sense! Sixth course - the grand finale of 5 desserts! It has a lemon cake, a jelly/moose (don't exactly remember what it was - just remember it was not very sweet), a fig crumble with buratta ice-cream, a rolled chocolate cake, and a ice-cream pom-pom with raspberry sorbet. We were shocked to see the number of desserts presented to us. The jelly/moose and the fig crumble definitely required an open mind as they were not a sweet dessert (very very very lightly sweet - even for a Chinese who doesn't like sweet stuff - those two items are really not that sweet). But the whole dessert course was beautifully designed and executed.We had a great time at this place on last Friday night. We were also shocked that the restaurant was empty at 6PM. The restaurant started to fill up when guests  arrived starting at ~7:15ish. So for the first hour of our meal, we pretty much have the restaurant to ourselves. haha! definitely feel special in that sense. Guess if you want to experience private dinning w/o paying a leg and an arm - try to book an early reservation! :)
5	Excellent service.  Excellent food.  Very modern decor with some amazing views of the strip from the secluded Mandarin Oriental.Perhaps the only thing wrong with the dinner was that the wild boar entree was quite bitter.  The best part was dessert and was especially creative ... Perhaps 5 or 6 different items to sample.
3	It's a beautiful hotel and a beautiful restaurant. Definitely impressive visually. I had the 3-course tasting menu here. Some of it was wonderful, some of it was ehhh. The dessert was essentially a dessert sampler, some of which were winners and some of them were quite the opposite. My friend got the 4-course truffle tasting menu  which was yummy but I suspect he was pretty significantly truffled out by the end of it. It was all very visually stunning but I'd be willing to give up some of the visual effect for a better taste-bud effect.
4	Beautiful place! I came here with my mom before the Bocelli concert and we sat at the corner table with a beautiful view of the strip. The service was superb and the food was so creative. I love the Mandarin Oriental and I love how secluded the restaurant was. Since foie gras is banned here in California, you bet I took advantage of the foie at Twist. It was superb! The night was great and the food was delicious, but I have to admit that the coolest part was visiting the restrooms. They were so gorgeous and there were built-in televisions in the sinks, and there was another stunning view of the strip. I would definitely come back for another amazing dining experience :)
5	Wow. I've been very fortunate to have dined at a lot of great places and I'm always looking for a new surprise and Twist did it for me. This place definitely woke my palette up and gave me some great surprises. Now for the details...Menu: Their menu provides you with a ton of options. Different tasting menus and ala carte options. Additionally, you can substitute any items in and out of the tasting menu should you please. I love that they are willing to make any reasonable accommodations for you as some restaurants refuse substitutions and others require everyone do the same tasting menu. This one, not at all, its all about the customer satisfaction, which they got.Food: - Amuse bouche: jack daniel + Guinness gelee, tuna cream with bonito flake, goat cheese cracker, all expertly crafted.- 4 course tasting menu (halibut carpaccio, turbot with grapefruit, wagyu, and grand dessert): Excellent! Every course was delicate and smooth transition from light and refreshing to strong and bold. The halibut carpaccio had a wonderful horseradish ice cream. Its not too strong for those who aren't fans of horseradish, it adds enough of a hint of flavor to give to an accent to the delicate halibut. - Foie Gras 3 ways appetizer: LOVED this! Definitely order it! We had 3 preparations: terrine, shaved, and seared. I would eat it in that order because the classic seared has a rich and bold flavor whereas the terrine and shaved are more delicate. The shaved and seared are my favorites. The shaved was cold and had a light and sweet finish. - Muscovy Duck: Very nice. Medium rare, nice rich sauce, the accompanying side was awesome. Cruncy, sweet, and added a nice accent.- Veal: Portion was larger than expected, which is a great thing. Meat was tender, medium, and accompanied with the bone. Black rice side was okay, but again that's a preference, I don't care for black rice much. - Grand Tasting Dessert: Exquisitely designed and delicate. Started with a lime cake, raspberry sorbet with yogurt, lemon chocolate, shortbread, and the chocolate mousse. - Eclair - Not your typical eclair and its a good thing.- Petit four - Loved the meringue and the green tea sweet. Small portions with bold flavors.Service: Attentive, responsive, and efficient. Warm greeting at the start, coat check purse hangers, waiter checked on us periodically throughout the dinner to see if we had questions or concerns, even solicited feedback from us about their dishes. Everyone that was there was synchronized and organized. It just shows how much they care about their customers and how professionally trained they are.Ambiance: Beautiful and classy. 23rd floor on top of the smoke free, casino free Mandarin Oriental. Beautiful view of the Strip. If seating is available near the window, request for it as it was gorgeous. I enjoyed the modern decor.Would I come here again? ABSOLUTELY! Worth the price!Would I recommend this to people? I've already been plugging this place left and right to just about every living being I know.
4	Went for the six course tasting meal without wine pairing. Enjoyed fanciful cuisine served by an attractive woman who hit certain marks, yet somehow left me less than fully welcome. She never lingered or fawned. Some would see this as a blessing, but as I was dining alone, a trifle stronger sense of hospitality was in order. I never got that, although both the maitre'd and the bartender did get that element. I received a free cocktail from the maitre'd while waiting for my table on the thin pretext that it wasn't ready for me at the appointed time. Ok, I liked that!Food was very good, although not every morsel was an epiphany. Should it be?I had a $13 glass of Italian Pinot Grigio with my meal. Highlights: 5 different dessert elements served together to taunt the palate. Separate serving dishes brought together. Overall lovely and fun.Venison tenderloin medallions with sculpted root vegetables. Homarus Americanus served three ways, together as one course.The setting of the dining room.... Magical. 23 stories above the bright Las Vegas Strip, yet somehow a world apart.The exclusivity of the Mandarin Oriental... Priceless!Do go with a date, if it's in your budget. Money well spent.
4	Situated 23 floors above the Strip in the MO Hotel, the restaurant offers great views of our cities most famous landmark, and an even better view of it at night. We were seated away from the window in a more casual setting, the three of us enjoyed the atmosphere, we were able to take a couple sneak peaks of the kitchen. Definitely recommend if you are here on a date, I'd reserve a table by the window.It was a tough decision to make, it was my first time there so I was on the fence about choosing the tasting menu or a la carte. I let our server choose, and he recommended the four course tasting menu, and I chose to do the wine pairing as well. Bread basket included a cheddar bacon, cherry walnut, french baguette and a fennel herb roll along with salted and unsalted imported butter. *Rolly Gassman Pinot Gris*Ravioli of Foie Gras, seared langoustine with dried orange zezette bouillon, Paris mushroom salad*Kallstadler Annsberg Spatlese Chardonnay*Turbot, poached fillet in vadouvan butter, grapefruit fondue with tandoori leek, celery & snow peas julienne*Marotti Campi Orgiolo*Wagyu Beef, peppercorn steak, red cabbage marmalade, white beans, lentil & shiitake*Samos Necar Vintage *Grand Dessert- Arugula financier, pistachio chantilly, green apple tuile & sorbet, crumbly shortbread, black current syrup, apple & passion fruit marmalade, multicolored meringue, polignac almond, ganache with old rum, lemon jelly with limoncello, chocolate ice cream, mango veloute & wedges, raspberry sorbet & coconut milk with lime.I enjoyed my meal, but I felt dessert was bit of a let down. I wasn't completely impressed with the tasting menu dessert. Although, the white truffle soufle that was ordered off the menu was amazing. To top off the night, Chef Gagnaire was in house and made his way around the restaurant to each table and introduced himself which was a nice addition to our meal.I still stand firm that Pierre owes me a make out session for what I paid for dinner and wine pairing.
5	We had the four-course tasting menu last week during our annual CES visit. Sommelier Will Costello has built an outstanding wine list. We had Ravioli of Foie Gras, Poached Fillet of Turbot, Wagyu Beef and a medley of Gagnaire desserts. Only one hiccup -- someone in the kitchen doused our beef course with two or three extra helpings of pepper, obliterating any other flavors on our plate and overwhelming our Rhone wine pairing. We'll be back though...Twist is still one of our favorite Vegas restaurants and Will Costello one of the city's best sommeliers.
4	***Twist delivers contemporary French cuisine; it is good for Vegas but still a notch below top SF and Chicago spots***Twist is yet another Vegas fine dining restaurant from an internationally acclaimed chef like Robuchon and Savoy.  Twist is newer though.  It is located on the 23rd floor of the Mandarin hotel.  Being newer, I was hoping for more contemporary cuisine than what I've had at Vegas' other fine dining French restaurants and Twist delivered.Twist features a lot of good (and modern) food while still showcasing French ingredients and cooking techniques.  Twist offers several dining options.  You can go for a more value-centric 3-course dinner.  You can also order a la carte where you choose from elaborate plates that feature proteins in multiple interpretations (the multiple presentations of foie gras sounded interesting) as well as big Prime steaks.  Finally, you can opt for one of their tasting menus--a vegetarian option or their seasonal tasting menu (available in 4 or 6 courses).I opted for the tasting menu and it started off very well.  First came a series of tasty amuses.  There were lavash breadsticks with albacore cream and bonito flakes (pate-like in richness), an almond sable, very good goat cheese sandwiched between two light and crispy crackers, and a really good Guinness and Jack Daniels gelee rolled in gingerbread (great burn but also sweet--reminiscent of the cocktail gels at LA's Providence).The bread was also good (several warm options including a warm bacon and smoked cheddar roll, a crusty French baguette, a too dense brioche roll, herb and feta, and cherry pecan bread).My first course was sea bass and haddock carpaccio with citrus and horseradish ice cream.  The fish was good--moist and soft--and went well with the citrus and herbs to give it freshness.  The horseradish ice cream was very creamy and had a noticeable horseradish flavor without being overpowering.My second course was easily my favorite of the night.  It was foie gras ravioli next to seared langoustine in a herb and coconut milk broth (topped with crispy mushrooms).  The foie gras ravioli had a thick pasta skin as well as creamy, buttery and savory seared foie gras at the center.  The langoustine was very nicely cooked--fresh, lightly sweet, plump, and soft.  The broth was very aromatic.  This reminded me of the buttery foie gras ravioli at Providence and the perfectly cooked langoustine at L'atelier de Joel Robuchon (two very good restaurants).Next up was a fish course and it was disappointing.  It was turbot and the fish was a little tough and not easy to flake--definitely far from Baume's soft and flaky turbot.  Worse than the slightly tough fish was the grapefruit (very acidic and bitter).  This felt like something that maybe should have came earlier because the acidity was too much for an entree.A good intermezzo of apple and yuzu sorbet with Dungeness crab came next.  Chicken followed and it was served on warm greens with pistachio.  I do not often see chicken on fine dining menus, but I was glad to see it because chicken can be really good if a crispy skin is achieved and the meat is juicy.  The meat was fairly juicy here, but there was no crispy skin.  The greens were okay, but this course felt overseasoned.Wagyu beef was the final savory course.  It was served over warm sweet and sour red cabbage slaw.  The Wagyu had a fair amount of richness.  Unfortunately, it was overcooked.  It was also more like tri-tip than a true steak so it was slightly tough and chewy.Dessert consisted of a series of mini desserts, which I felt overall were too fruit focused as well as too tart.  The first dessert was really good strawberries with cream and a nice strawberry sorbet.  The pistachio and cucumber parfait was refreshing and had great creaminess, but there were too many leafy greens, which resulted in a salad-like flavor and texture.  There was also a shortbread cookie with blackberries.  The chocolate part of the dessert had rich chocolate ice cream as well as light meringues and a fruit paste.Service was excellent--very polished and personable.  I thought my server Breanne was really good and the male server assisting her delivered food presentations with professionalism and knowledge but also an enthusiasm that really makes you want to dive into the food.Prices were very high, but that is the case with many Vegas restaurants.Twist provides a good view of The Strip; the dining room is nice, elegant and contemporary.I am not a fan of Vegas restaurants and there were a few things about Twist that reminded me why I feel this way (the high prices and how Vegas fine dining does not measure up to SF or Chicago).  The food here felt more exciting than Aureole, Guy Savoy and miX though and it is worth a shot if you are looking for high-end but also contemporary French cuisine in Vegas.CityCenter offers free self parking.
5	Outstanding flavors.  Well plated.  Attentive and discreet service.  The tasting menu is always a good choice.  Seafood dishes really shine. Decor is nice, and the views are among the best in Las Vegas for a fine dining restaurant.  Improvement: the chairs could be more comfortable.  Note: my review does not consider price.
3	I've been contemplating on how to rate my dining experience at Twist. On the one hand, man, did the food (and the view!) totally remind me why I love nice restaurants. On the other hand, the service was downright intolerable. I thought that given the quality of the service we received, it wouldn't be fair to give Twist a 4-star rating. Because when I think of Twist, I don't think, "Yay! I'm a fan".. it's more, "Food was good, BUT..."When my friends and I arrived for our 10 pm Saturday night reservation, we were told by an unapologetic hostess that the party seated at our table was still working on their entrees and may or may not be ordering dessert. She suggested that we go take a seat at the bar and they will come get us.After giving them 15 minutes to come get us, I decided to get the whole story. Apparently the party before us arrived late (about 30 minutes late for a Saturday night reservation) but they decided to seat them anyway. She didn't offer any apologies to compensate for the inconvenience. Plus, here's my other argument: what was the point of making reservations if they're just going to a) seat people whenever they show up and b) make people wait? We may as well have shown up sans reservation - I would've been less irritated.The manager, as if to compensate for the rude hostess, came to find us and said that they would be paying for the drinks we have at the bar and he will personally come find us when our table was ready. When we finally got seated, the service was nothing short of obsequious. We were also presented with extra amuse bouche courses.Although the food was delicious, I can't help but have that negative service taint my memory of this meal and this restaurant. A part of me feels bad because the manager and wait stuff really tried but I still can't get over the rude hostess. I'm not sure if I've had better food in Vegas but I've definitely had better service.
5	Nothing short of exquisite. The entrance to the final dessert impressed at every stage, each dish was seasoned, cooked and presented to perfection. There is a $95 corkage fee per bottle if you choose to bring your own drop. Overall a wonderful experience and a place that should be experienced if in Vegas.Food 9/10 service 8/10 decor 9/10
5	This review is from an April 2013 visit.  My daughter son in law and I came here for the tasting menu. I love the restaurant itself it is so pretty and the view is awesome. The food was fabulous I wish I had taken time to write review then so I could remember each course I just remember it was one of my favorites. Service was excellent.
5	When I die, I will be asking for Twist on my death bed.My spouse and I recently took a culinary tour of Las Vegas. We ate out 2-3 meals a day, and each meal was pre-planned and exhaustively researched. Nothing could have prepared us for the Twist experience. Before our entrees arrived, we were presented with an assortment of amuse bouche that included parmesan croutons, chicken with paprika and beet sauce, nori-wrapped butterfish with a green apple gelee, goat cheese tartlets and an  incredible tuna foam with tiny lavash sticks. I ordered the organic salmon, which was perfectly prepared and served with a mix of aromatic herbs, a fondue of chicory, shitake and celery, and a small dish of fennel ice cream with a cucumber gelee and sweet potato puree. The latter was unlike anything I've ever tasted before- incredibly rich and savory for an ice cream. I also ordered the zezette broth (herbs, coconut milk, gnocchi and vegetables) a la carte, which was a wise decision, as it ended up being my favorite part of the evening.My spouse had the venison filet, which was garnished with juniper berries, black peppercorns and black radish. His was served with salsify and a Grand Veneur ice cream that he described as "incomparable." For dessert, I had the lemon cake, which, while still delightful, was my least favorite dish. The cake itself was just a bit too dry/dense for my taste; although the accompanying green apple sorbet was delicious. Our check arrived with another tray of small bites: candied blueberries on friend spaghetti skewers, blueberry cookies and a pistachio nougat that was to die for. Service was exceptional. Ladies chairs were held for them whenever the need to stand arose; hooks were provided for purses, and I was even offered water for the flowers I had been carrying when we arrived. The atmosphere is quiet and extraordinarily beautiful. We will make a point of returning to Twist every time we visit Las Vegas.
5	Got their tasting menu, best scallops I have ever had. Service was rushed compared to other french restaurants, but I prefer the rushed service rather than the traditional slow. Also came for my birthday and recieved a complimentary cake which was a nice gesture.Only bad thing I have to say was the drink I ordered the le passionate  was horrible, tasted like medicine.
5	The view is spectacular, the service is spectacular, the food is spectacular.My husband and I like to visit at least 1 top rated restaurant while visiting Vegas and this past weekend, we chose TWIST.We were not disappointed.I got the 4 course tasting menu, and he got the surf and turf.  Also had appetizers and drinks.
5	Just like everything at Mandarin Oriental: spectacular!The tasting menu was one of the top three meals I have ever enjoyed.The service exceptional and seamless. Not snooty or pretentious in any way.Special mention to the Wagyu beef dish-the best steak I have ever eaten.  The foie gras and foie gras ice cream side also perfection.You cannot go wrong with this winner!
5	Great restaurant. Very helpful, kind and professional. Food was absolutely amazing. View is gorgeous. Even in the bathrooms! Loved the entrance with flowers and butterfly's. Had to take pictures.
5	WOW sums it up.  Beautiful, impressive, comfortable, attentive, creative, unique, delicious, memorable.  And that's all I've got to say about that.
1	What a disappointment !!! I come to Vegas every year for my birthday to stay at nice hotel and enjoy tasting menu at the best restaurant. I have been to L'atelier by Joel Robuchon, Mix Alain Ducasse, Guy Savoy, Mesa Grill Booby Flay and so on ...When I arrived at the restaurant there was no hostess to greet us and i thought it was very strange for such a nice restaurant, the server uniform was too casual with the shirt hanging out the apron and the restaurant was almost empty, not a very good first impression. I order the tasting menu with sommelier wine pairing and it took  at least 20 minutes to get the first course with the wine, food was blend no particular effort in cooking technique so half way trough the dinner I decided to leave. The only positive note was the sommelier he was knowledgeable but other then that a total disappointment considering the caliber of the chef Pierre Gagnier.
5	Excellent in every way!  Don't worry about going away hungry - had the 4-course meal - as a big eater I was pleasantly full before the third course and stuffed after the dinner!
5	Wow!!!  From beginning to end the service was excellent!!!Ordered the 5 course dinner with wine....  Presentation of all the dishes was perfect and everything was so delicious!!!  The outside view of the city made it extra especial.  Will be back!!!
2	It's super expensive, super stuffy, and just not worth it. Maybe we caught them on a bad night but restaurants who demand these kinds of prices shouldn't need a second chance, neither will they get one.
5	This is a beautiful restaurant, with fantastic food, great views, and really terrific service.  I highly recommend it.  We were here with a group of 6, some of whom had some culinary challenges requiring significant adjustment by the kitchen.  They did a great job of handling the requests with style and provided a great and welcoming experience to everyone.Let's start with the room which is lovely and sophisticated - almost understated, with fantastic views from 23 floors up.  One of the most appealing aspects of the room is that the tables are well spaced, providing enough room to converse freely.  Well done.Our server was terrific and maintained a friendly, positive energy even when our rather high maintenance diners peppered him with a ton of questions and indecision.  We finally settled on the Grand Tasting menu for everyone, with some substantial modifications for those who don't eat seafood, cream, sea urchin (who doesn't eat uni?), foie gras (who doesn't eat foie?).  At this point you may be asking yourself why I choose to dine with such a culinarily handicapped crowd, but in this life you don't get to choose your friends, you should just be happy you have them and enjoy your time with them.  Luckily the Twist wait and kitchen staff takes the same approach and handled our food neuroses perfectly.Now, let's talk food, which was fantastic.Amuse of whiskey gelee (wow, super smokey, weird, and yummy) and goat cheese in puff pastry were a couple of perfect little bites to get the party started.Sea Urchin Mousseline with Caviar was unctuous, salty, briny, and very unique.  It was served cold with a mound of angel hair pasta.  Simply mix and serve.  Lobster Fricasse With Kaffir Lime And Enoki was a beautiful dish in both flavor and presentation.  Several slices of tender Lobster, dotted with Enoki and surrounded with the Kaffir Lime sauce which was extraordinary.  Delicate, and incredibly flavorful - a great mixture of French technique and Asian flavor.  Loved it.Roasted Foie Gras may have been genius.  Who comes up with covering Foie with Chestnut Coffee veloute?  It turns out coffee and Foie is an awesome combination and the creaminess of the veloute enhances the richness of the foie.  Once again loved it - these last two dishes are home runs and the best I've had in Las Vegas.Peppered Wagyu Beef was very good.  Extremely tender and perfectly cooked.  The Piquillos and Turnips were a very nice counter point to the beef.  Grand Dessert was also really wonderful.  Four perfectly sized desserts which had a wonderful progression from light to heavy chocolate.We did the Grand Wine Pairing which was also fantastic.  Once again, who pairs cream sherry with Foie?  Someone who is way smarter than me.  It was inspired and all selections really delicious.  I particularly enjoyed the two separate dessert wines to go with the four desserts.  A very thoughtful touch.After all that yumminess though I must really compliment Twist on their fantastic service.  Our entire service team never missed a beat and maintained a great balance between removed professionalism and good humor and positive energy.  This is not a stuffy restaurant at all.  Particular compliments to the Sommelier who did a great job bantering with us while informing on the wine and making sure we enjoyed it all.  Twist is a creative, lovely, warm, and delicious restaurant.  Looking forward to another visit.
5	Even with the departure of pascal Sanchez and Joseph Wagner its Wonderful to see a restaurant retain high standards and improve.  Mssr Gagnaire spent quite a bit of time on site when the restaurant opened. We had a nice chat about that when we saw him in his Paris restaurant this summer  What separates this restaurant from the rest of the "pack" is the willingness of the kitchen to accommodate the needs of the diner.Others have done an excellent job describing the room and food.
5	Twist by Pierre Gagnaire was certainly extraordinary; the food quality was excellent and the menu was very creative and the presentation - exquisite. Our party enjoyed the bass, salmon and steak which was served with the most pleasing amuse bouche.  From the buzz of the Bar Room to the hum of the Dining Room, The Twist is simply beautiful, kinetic, and life-changing. Food is life and life here doesn't stand still.
5	This was a thoroughly enjoyable modern French meal. Lovely setting, service and food. We did the tasting menu with a wine pairing. The food was traditionally French with a lot of creative and innovative twists (groan). The wine pairings had some nice surprises as well. A lot of expected ingredients like foie gras and chestnuts prepared and presented in delicious and fun ways. This is a worthy competitor to other French stalwarts in Vegas like Robuchon and Savoy.
5	Excellent dinner last night at Twist by Pierre Gagnaire!  I had the 5 course Grand Tasting Menu, and each course was a winner! Service was very attentive, friendly and polished. Perhaps the pacing of the dinner was a bit too quick, but I noticed that the tables near me were receiving their courses at the same pace. I never felt rushed during my 2 hour dinner. Loved the flavors of all of my savory dishes. Sorry to hear that the Chef de Cuisine is leaving in January. My favorite dishes were: the sea urchin mousseline with spaghettini; the lobster; and the foie gras with coffee. Had a lovely 1/2 bottle of 2011 Donhoff Auslese that paired beautifully with the dinner and was priced well. The staff always made sure that my wine glass was never empty. Definitely will return to Twist by Pierre Gagnaire!
5	My boyfriend took me here for date night and oh my, the food were exquisite! So were my cocktail. The service were over the top and there was an amazing view. So fancy shmancy.
1	So my wife and I have been to Twist a few times before and it was usually quite good.  So when I got the email for their New Year's Eve dinners, I thought it would be great to take her and my four kids to the early four course dinner at 6:00pm.  My kids are extremely well behaved and have eaten at many of the finest restaurants around the world, even though they are only 9, 10, 11, and 12 years old.  Well, when my assistant called to confirm everything and do her job, they told her there was an age limit of 16 years old.  Funny, I don't recall that being a restriction in their advertisement, nor when I personally booked the reservation.  They seemed to want to make an exception at the start of the conversation and the person my assistant was working with had told her she would do her best and follow up with her.  Today, when my assistant called to find out where everything was at, they simply told her that the reservation had been cancelled.  No phone call.  No text. No nothing.  If my assistant didn't call to follow up, we might have never known until we arrived next Wednesday evening.   Needless to say, i am quite upset with this restaurant.
5	So I'm a 52 year old foodie.   I've eaten everything and many places. This was the finest service I've experienced. Better than the French Laundry.  Our waiter was Anthony. We feel spoiled. 5 course tasting and 5 course veggie tasting coupled with a cheese course.  Over. The. Top.
5	Made a reservation at Twist Saturday afternoon for 9:30 pm that evening, arrived promptly and was seated right away.Immediately enjoyed the view and ambiance-wonderful setting to experience savory flavors!! Tables were spaced about nicely, but not far enough apart to overhear the couple behind be (more on that later). Prior to being seated I noticed they had shattered plates on the table, which matched artwork on the wall. They were removed upon being seated-an interesting touch.I applaud Twist for an overwhelming selection of dark beers (stouts and porters). First time I had a hard time choosing what to order! I chose Carnegie Stark Porter, which was creamy and hoppy, with a very slight taste of coffee. The service was top notch - they poured our drinks at the same time. Prior to ordering they brought out a special surprise, a "jello shot" of whiskey and Guinness (delicious) and some other tasty treat. Sadly, I don't know the technical names of either.I was planning on ordering the Lamb (based upon the menu online), but the actual menu didn't offer it. I chose the 5 course Vegetarian Tasting Menu instead. My date ordered the Venison. We ordered langoustine as an appetizer.Prior to delivering our appetizer, were we served a few yummy rolls. The brioche roll was my favorite - dense and when combined with the salted butter, AWESOME! I really enjoyed their serving method. The langoustine appetizer was served at the perfect time. Right after we tried each of the rolls. The flavors were original and memorable-a great start! They also served the first course of my meal. Again, service was great - there was a lid on each dish to keep the food warm and the servers unveiled each at the same time.My appetizer was the Beets and Orange salad (Goat Cheese and Caramelized Pecan Nuts with Hazelnut Vinaigrette). One of the best dishes of the night. The salad was crisp and fresh - loved the beats. The vegetables weren't hidden by the vinaigrette but complemented it. Prior to our next meal, we were served an icy desert? Not sure what it was, but it tasted of grapefruit and was rather interesting. My next plate was the Pumpkin Gnoochi. Again, they served this at the perfect time (they paced our meals perfectly). As a slight detour-sadly, prior to enjoying this delicious plate, the couple sitting behind me was getting into a heated argument about the food. Their complaining and negativity was quickly ruining my experience. I tried to ignore their bickering and enjoy my meal. The Gnoochie was probably my least favorite. It was good, but not a standout. Next up was the COFFEE AND CHESTNUT VELOUTE which was amazing. Unique flavors, never thought coffee could be used as it was!By this time, the couple behind us was starting to get under my skin. Every meal was complaint after complaint, the women was clearly drunk and it was embarrassing for them and for me. There were two other tables adjacent to us facing the beautiful view of Vegas, but both were occupied. Next meal was the CARNAROLI RISOTTO - a nice dish, but not a favorite. However, the venison my date ordered was absolutely amazing. One of my top favorite dishes of all time. I had a few family members who are hunters; usually venison is gamy and tough. This meat was so tender you could cut it with a fork. The meat was cooked absolutely perfectly and the seasoning was phenomenal. It really did melt in your mouth. I only had a bite because I didn't want to steal her dish. And I was actually getting full (which usually never happens).Even though our dinner was almost over, I couldn't take listening to the whiny couple behind us. The wife was saying how they shouldn't not leave a tip, and the husband was literally huffing and puffing. I was considering turning around and making a scene, but I calmed down. I was trying my best to enjoy the night, but it's like when someone's kicking your seat in a movie theater, you just can't ignore it. I asked one of our waiters if we could move to the other table in front us us (that was recently cleared) and tried to enjoy our desert nearly out of earshot. Sadly, at this time, I just wanted to leave. My date didn't really know what was going on, but I could tell the staff was uncomfortable with this couple, and it really did taint my night.  I didn't eat much of the desert, although, it did look good. Overall, I would definitely go back. The service was exceptional, the attention to detail amazing. I enjoyed the large variety of flavors in smaller portions. The magic they did with the venison was astounding. I can't fault fault them or remove a star for the whiny couple behind me, but next time I'll ask to move sooner. I know if they hadn't been there I would have had an ever better experience.
5	One of the top meals of my life. I could go on and on about the view and the price, so that's why it must be great, but you dont go to a place like Twist and expect a small bill. Yes, it's expensive. That's because it's fine dining. The view is spectacular, but that's not why it was so amazing. For us, it was the food. We ordered a nice bottle of wine and a cocktail each (the manhattan was made to perfection.) We split a half dozen oysters, and they were the best oysters I have ever had. I had the duck and it was delicious. However, my boyfriend ordered the lobster tail and wagyu beef and that beef was the best three bites I've ever had. Of anything. For dessert, we had the only chocolate on the menu (tazmanian something or other) and it was all delicious, all the way. Afterwards, the staff allowed us to bring our wine and take a picture in front of the massive window overlooking the entire Vegas strip. I can only hope to go again!
4	Service was attentive, prompt, professional, friendly, educated on the components of each course, and caring. They warmly accommodated our requests. The 5 course tasting menu was delicious, the Wagu beef and white truffle Risotto really outstanding. Celebrity Chef Pierre Gagnaire was working in the restaurant and stopped by our table to say hello. Total bill was over $500 for two people, this included one wine pairing and two glasses of wine. The courses were beautiful (really enjoyed the presentation) and flavorful. Entry hallway decor was floral and colorful. The 3 hour dining experience was relaxing.
