4	Wow. I forgot that libraries existed. Until recently, when I wanted to get some travel guides for an upcoming European vacation. Then I thought, hmm... maybe a library would be a good idea. So I visited the Mesa library on my lunch hour and I was amazed at all the great books they have there. Seriously, there were all these brand-new, just-released hardcovers just sitting on tables, waiting for me to pick them up.I remember being a teenager and having to wait MONTHS to get new books. Now, apparently, because either a) no one reads or b) no one uses libraries or c) both, new books are readily available at the library. Well, good news for me.I also think the Mesa library may be a great place to pick up decent books because most of the patrons seem to be really, really old or homeless and possibly illiterate. I'm not trying to be snarky, it's just something that's quite clear from the moment you walk in.Overall, however, this is a very nice, well-stocked library. And you can even keep renewing your books on-line. Thanks to the Mesa library, I just  may make it to the Yelp book club meeting  this weekend... !
4	This library has a good selection of books, esp newer ones.  I usually don't have to wait long for new popular ones to hit the shelves.  I like being able to use their website to have books reserved for me so all I have to do is pop in, grab them and I'm out the door in less than a minute.  Their website is user friendly and they send you emails to remind you of due dates - very nice for a forgetful mind!
5	I can't afford my reading habit so end up here often. Lots of computers available if you don't have access at home. They also have a new program where you can "check out" passes to local museums. Some participants include Pueblo Grande, AZ Science Center, & the Botanical Gardens. This branch also has meeting rooms if you need space for a not for profit to meet up.
5	What a great library. The children's section in quite large and the staff is always helpful. There are some computers for the kids with games, and a play area for smaller kids. We haven't come to any of the events but there are kids craft days that sound fun.The whole library is well organized, easy to find what you are looking for if you don't have much time. However if you do have a lot of time on your hands, there's a lot of seating and room to read.I'm sure we'll be here a lot in the summer.
4	First off this library is BIG. That's a good thing, it means you should have no problem  finding some good books. You may have to hike around a bit, but that just means you get some exercise in while you're hunting down that novel you're looking for. I've found some really interesting things when I was strolling the aisles (what else are you going to do when you don't know what you're looking for?).The best thing I stumbled upon was like the amazing VHS collection! Luckily I found a little TV/VHS combo to put this little section to good use.
