3	I want to hate you because you're a chain, but I have to adore you because of your tried and true familiarity. Bless you for having Southwestern Egg Rolls when I truly needed a snack to quell my wicked hangover before I took my 6 hour flight.
2	11 dollar glass of wine - wtf?reheated steak in my quesadilla - wtf?$1 charge for guac on my $10 quesadilla - wtf?this place is garbage, but the bartender was nice...so one extra star for him!
2	Cheap food, about the same prices as any Chili's which is good for an airport. I hit up this one after having a pretty positive experience at the LAX version. Unforutnately, the service here blew. The waitress was slow as molasses (Bad when your flight is in an hour). She also managed to get every part of my order wrong. Tough to do when there's all of like 3 drinks on the menu, but alas, she did. All and all the food was good, but the service needs some serious work.
1	We arrived, waited 10 mins at the door and were ignored by staff so we sat ourselves.  We were ordered out of the dining area and told to wait outside until we could be re-sat (as that section of the dining area was "closed").  There were 3 tables being used in the whole place and after waiting another 10 mins, watching 4 staff do nothing, we left. What a joke.
1	ughh....The only reason why I went here was that the burgers were the same price as they were charging at the nearby burger king. The food has to be better, right???Since our flight was semi-delayed, we ordered from the take out window. Fearing an overcooked burger, I asked that my burger be done medium rare.."we dont do medium rare, the best I can do is medium-well"...uh huh...while my $11 nuked burger tasted like crap, the fries weren't too bad and was still better than the burger king...Why does airport food have to be so bad??why god why?????
2	Service was fine and the place was clean, but the reduced menu doesn't give many options.  Eat before you come to the Las Vegas airport...
1	So I was at Chili's Too with my friends before our flight out, just jammin' on some raps and being seen by the people emerging from the homeland security checkpoint. Keith was recalling fond memories of meeting a toothless truck driver from the Netherlands the night before. It's not very often that you meet someone who you feel you would want to spend the rest of your life with, especially on a three day bender in Las Vegas. We all agreed that Keith would do well to track him down, profess his love and become a gay. As an aside, Chili's Too, Las Vegas is to airport dining, what the Detroit Lions are to professional football. As another aside, Dustin took a shit here, but strangely didn't have much to say about it.
1	I bet a baby diaper that has been defecated in tastes better than this frozen food crap.
1	Thank you to our take out person for putting extra tomatoes in my soup and making sure my boyfriends chicken crispers were undercooked.
1	I just finished the Chicken Crispers with fries and a Caesar salad.  I honestly want to throw up.  I would have done better licking lint off the carpet.  Like a previous review noted, the Crispers are the soggiest things ever.  I am fairly certain they do soak their chicken in water because they were that wet.  Not moist and tender, but actually wet like they just got out of the swimming pool.  The fries were lukewarm and the salad was drenched.  The waitress, if anything was overly attentive and asked me what I wanted upon sitting down (please, give me five minutes to glaze over your extensive menu), and then asked me something like 3 more times (maybe 2 minute intervals) before I picked out what I thought were going to be chicken tenders.  The coating was really thick and not crispy and if you tried to pick it off it was all gummy and stuck to your fingers.  They had another version of these that were "extra crispy" which probably would have just been normal.Either way, I am feeling absolutely ill and wish that I had been smart enough to check the overwhelmingly positive reviews of this place before venturing inside.  What a terrible way to start a flight...
4	I didn't have time to go to the bigger chili's at the airport (my gate was opposite) so we tried this one! My review may be a tad bias because this is my favorite restaurant and we don't have them in Canada...but I have to say I still had the BEST burger I've ever had here (Mushroom Swiss)!!! The wait was about 15 minutes which was the only downside, but it was worth it! The staff was exceptionally nice/patient while we paid with the rest of our smaller US currency! This is a great place to eat and I hope they come to Canada in the future ;) We'll be back asap!!!!
1	This place is pathetic.  It was as if our server was annoyed that we were there at all.  I've never seen it take so long to get my first beer.  Hello?!  Hint: the people who eat and drink tend to have higher tabs, and higher tips!  Food was mediocre and not quite the same as regular Chilis.  Menu was abridged as well.  I thought I was eating on one tier above the sketchy fast food places in the terminal but apparently this place is no better... they just have alcohol and a server that you have to tip.
3	Decent food served in a timely manner. My food was served within 10 minutes. Surprisingly, their prices are not absurdly overpriced like the rest of the airport. I paid the same price for my meal as I would if I were eating at a Chili's restaurant at my hometown.
1	Once past security your options are very limited. So, we decided to grab something at Chili's! Starting with the person seating you at the front entrance the staff was tragic! They really could care less that you are there. The menu's we were given  were beyond disgusting as they were sticky and covered with all sorts of who knows what! I ordered a bloody Mary after we were seated and at 15 minutes it had yet to arrive and the place was not even full, so this seemed extreme! I decided the waiter had forgot. Well from where we were seated at about 20 minutes after ordering I see him go over to the bartender and order the bloody Mary. Two minutes later he walks the drink over to our table and says, "sorry for the delay, the bar is really backed up"! LOL! Please!!! The really sad part is this dump is probably always busy  as there are very few other dining options in this gate. As the place is located in an airport their business I am sure has very little repeat customers, so what do they care!  Next time in the Vegas airport I will be sure to find a different option for lunch!!!
3	Located in D terminal. Has a limited Chili's menu which only includes, sandwiches, burgers and soups.  Service was quick and I was only slightly ripped off. Was expecting to pay more considering its located in an airport terminal!
1	Figured I couldn't go wrong with Chili's.  WRONG!  Very limited menu.  Hamburger was nasty!  Will avoid Chili's Too locations in the future.
2	They don't put the price on their drinks and the margarita was 15 dollars. Service was slow, food was okay.
3	It's a Chili's Too - I wasn't expecting much.  We were sat in the bar quickly and our waitress was friendly and efficient.  The food met my expectations.
3	It is in the airport, wasn't expecting much! The prices are a buck or two more than a regular chili's but for airport food it is nice to be able to sit in a restaurant and get decent food. Better than a lot of the food court stuff.
4	We had time to kill so we decided to eat at Chili's Too. I think it was a great choose. The food did take awhile to arrive but we weren't in a hurry. The server was attentive enough. We had our drinks within 3 minutes of being seated. My Cobb salad was exactly what I needed, but it was $4 more than our place in Houston and they forgot my red bell peppers! Honestly it's a airport restaurant, it is what it is. But I do wish the Vegas airport had more choose, I mean it is Vegas!
3	For a restaurant in an airport this was good.First, who doesn't like Chili's? This place didn't disappoint. The mushroom burger was A-OK. The service was quick and the waiter returned to the table a few times to check in and make sure things were ok. He seemed to always be filling up our glasses. The place is popular and seems to be always full. They sure can pack the people in here.
1	DISGUSTING DISGUSTING DISGUSTING!! Bleh!So gross! I ordered the buffalo wing salad, it was so gross! You know when you go to the store and buy lettuce, you avoid all the bags with all the soggy looking lettuce?!? Well... Chilis Too buys up all those bags and uses it to make their salads! My Salad was so gross, I was sitting picking at it trying to hunt for decent pieces of lettuce. Not to mention the dressing was gross too, pure mayonaise. Same goes for the wings, just plain gross! I ate like two pieces, after peeling off the sauce it was cooked in.To make things worse, it took way long to get seated, order, get our food, and when we were done to get our check. PEOPLE WHO WORK HERE... Don't forget you're in an AIRPORT, and people have flights to catch! Bleh. Just thinking of the food I got is making me feel nasty. My friend thought I was being cranky, and complaining too much while we were eating. Maybe I was/am. Maybe after all the good food on the strip, the airport was a reminder for all the nasty food out there.1 star for the fries. Was the only thing that I ate without cringing.PS, whats with the "outdoor" seating?! Great view of people going through security and enjoying the beautiful outdoors ;)
4	Yea, I can't believe that I'm giving an airport restaurant 4 stars either.This is solely based upon my wife and I having breakfast there after missing our flight.  Of course, we were both famished, so maybe it tasted better than it really was.Regardless, we both got breakfast platters; one with pancakes and one with toast.  The sausage was very good, the eggs cooked just right and the breakfast potato's were very good.All in all, if you're hungry for breakfast, it's probably the best place to eat at the airport.
2	Overpriced airport drinks (but that was expected).  The waiter was friendly though.'nuff said
1	Holy nastiness.... When Im hungover and hungry waiting for a flight, I'm usually not that picky! It's rare that I don't eat food that's in front of me when I'm hungry. This "breakfast" food was so friggin nasty.. I thought for sure, "can't go wrong with Chili's, let's grab something there".. Wrong!!! The "hash browns" were old, stale cut up fries reheated. The bacon was that stringy, thin crap they put on burgers. The toast was barely toasted, thin, and cold. The eggs were even cold. Yuckkkkk... a pre-packaged sandwich from the sports bar would have been better. Anywhere in that airport has to be better- Cinnabon, BK... Whatever you do, avoid this Chili's at all costs. On top of the food being disgusting, they served it with plastic forks and knives... Really??!! I couldn't even get through my rubbery egg with that chinsy fork.
1	NEVER AGAIN.  EVER.Since munchies are limited in the McCaren Airport, we decided we wanted something other than fast food, and we wanted quality.Ha...Ha...joke's on us...This is the worst Chili's or chili's-like place I have EVER been to.  They had a limited menu (but that didn't bother me) but it was the waiting and the service that SUCKED.We didn't think it was going to be a bad experience at first because the host guy was hysterical.  But then we were seated and we waited..and waited...and waited.  It took our waitress about 10 minutes to come by the first time.  That should have been our first clue as to how the rest of the meal was going to go.We ordered right away, and yet we still waited about 40 minutes for our luke-warm food.  And then we asked our waitress THREE TIMES for the check.  The first time was polite, the second was more hurried, and the third time we asked for the check, I bet I was a full-out b*tch, but I don't really care.  She was terrible.Maria, I hate to give a bad review, but you made this experience AWFUL.  PEOPLE ARE AT THE AIRPORT BECAUSE THEY HAVE PLANES TO CATCH.  You might want to keep that in mind, sweetie.
3	We were seated quickly and our waitress was super nice.   My expectations for airport food was not very high and was not great as expected. My husband and I both ordered the breakfast with eggs, potatoes, pancakes and bacon.   Eggs were good and potatoes were good.  The bacon was okay and I did not like the pancakes very much.    It was quick though and there are limited options here.
1	The most awful service of any Chilis on the planet, I ordered a simple salad, stood there for 15 minutes, no salad, no one cared, I asked for refund so I could make my flight.  On the flight in First Class to go pick up my Embraer Phenom 300 jet that was in service center, they had zero food, not even peanuts or pretzels, geez wonder why US Air will go bankrupt just like American Airlines recently did??Wayne Gorsek
5	When leaving Vegas, you usually are in desperate need of a greasy meal and that is why Chili's Too @ The Vegas Airport is AWESOME! I ordered some sort of burger... It was not memorable so probably not the best of burgers... but I needed fatty, greasy food and that is what it was so it was good enough. If I had to rate the burger by itself, it would probably get a two and I probably wouldn't have even taken the time to write a review but I am here writing a review and that is because our server Val was such a nice, attentive, smiley lady and even though I was sad to leave Vegas, she lifted my spirits.  Val is 5 stars! I ordered a diet coke and she brought me two big mugs of it. She smiled and she let us know how long the food would take to cook. She was just such a nice lady and that is why Chili's Too gets 5 stars. I feel that great customer service has become a rarity in this world so I'm here to say "Thanks Val for brightening my day and dining experience with your great smile."
3	A good spot to eat a calm, relaxing breakfast if you have time.  The tables away from the bar minimizes the outside sounds.  Its expensive compared to Denny's but the serving size validates the cost.  The service was fast and friendly.
3	Haha! I didn't understand why a lot of people kept saying to me,"Breakfast of champions!" as I walked out of here with my early morning breakfast at McCarran airport.With airport food, it's always a fine balance between price and getting something edible. In the end, my Chinese Thrift Gene allowed me to get a plate of wings for a calorie laden breakfastNot bad for chain food and the crispy warm wings assuaged some hunger pangs. l like the the dips tooThere was an area of seating nearby, which was in a less hectic part of Terminal B, so a nice place to start your day off with an early flight
1	Horrible! Doesn't ever deserve one star. I picked up a sante fe wrap in between flights, and unfortunately didn't start eating it until after takeoff. It was soggy, fell apart, and what I did manage to eat made me miserable for hours. Definitely will be finding another place to eat on LAS layovers.
4	We were at the Airport in Las Vegas on a bit of a delay. So we went to sit down and eat at Chili's.The hostess was nice,she sat us at a small table in the bar, stating this was all that was left as they were full up.Sorry to say our Server hated her job!   That is sad ,because,it is not a bad place at all.  The food was really good. I got soup and egg rolls,excellent and my boyfriend got a Burger and fries. We had to ask for refills on our drinks, but the worst was I had to ask for napkins and Silver ware. That is just not cool in my book. She was storming around the whole time,mad at everyone she worked with as well. Everyone else there seemed pretty happy to be there. So that is why I only took one star down. A bit high priced ,but it is the Airport. Both of our foods were fab though. I would go back, just hopefully with another server.
2	Had a flight out at noon so I decided to check out this place.  Breakfast is only served here until 10AM.  So placed my ordered for a cheesesteak sandwich.  Definitely had better.But the wait staff was awesome.
1	Dam shame, everyone feels like they have to price gouge you at the airport. $7 for a draft beer! Ridiculous.
1	Are you waiting for your flight out of the Las Vegas airport looking for some decent food quick? You are in the WRONG place my friend...Yesterday my husband and I were exiled to the far distant D gates at McCarron International Airport where we had FORTY minutes until our Delta flight departed. As often happens while air traveling, our meal timing was way off and we were very hungry. We are accustomed to slog through the modern day date rape that is the TSA screening, then relax, have a drink and some food prior to boarding. I mean come on...everyone knows that airports nowadays have great dining at super fast speeds to accommodate their customer base - you know...people in a HURRY about to get on PLANES?!?Well the joke was ON US when we arrived at our gate. Only fast food outlets awaited us and we HATE fast food so we took a deep breath and made our way to the only actual restaurant in that area which was Chili's Too. We could see 3 empty tables, all of them covered with dirty dishes. One very unhurried hostess asked if we wanted a table. Uh...yeah why else are we here? I have never in my life seen a table cleaned off more slowly. We were then seated and provided with a limited menu but some decent looking selections, everything from salads to burgers. Then it happened...A woman, I assume a waitress, hurriedly passes us by and with a nice smile says the following "Forty minutes for food."  Then she took off like a shot, leaving NO time to ask her what on earth that meant. My husband and I looked at each other awkwardly and he said "It can't possibly be 40 minutes for food. This place is in an airport and its not even that busy" A couple of minutes later our waitress comes by (we flag her down) Here's how it went down:Husband: "Is there a wait on food orders"Waitress: "Yes 40 minutes"Husband: "40 minutes from the time of seating or ordering?"Waitress: "It will take at least 40 minutes after you order sir"Husband: shocked speechless look "uh....ok..."We then quickly left and went on to have a disastrous experience at Quiznos, but that's another review (sigh)Rant: Ok so what part of AIRPORT restaurant does Chili's NOT UNDERSTAND?? Who are your customers? PEOPLE waiting for FLIGHTS who DON'T have that much TIME!! 40 minute waits are not uncommon it appears from reading other scathing yelper reviews here - seriously what the $&%*???Avoid this place at all costs! If you are unfortunate enough to have to fly out of the D gates of terminal 1 - BRING A SNACK or plan to GO HUNGRY if you want any decent food!
5	The most expensive mimosa I have ever had, $15.89, insane! Granted it's the airport, and prices are typically high, but $15.89, outrageously ridiculous! Will never do that again..
