5	The food is simply the best around for Hawaiian food in the valley.  The atmosphere is great and Jay the owner is one of the nicest guys I've ever come across. He's always there to greet you and make sure everything came out ok and that you like your food.  Prices are average but you get a lot of food - you're not walking out of there hungry!
3	Spam. The good kind. The adored by Hawaiians kind. Not the "You won the Nigerian lottery kind."  Just look for the billowing clouds of delicious smelling smoke in the vicinity of University and Mill and you've found Mai Island Grill. This take-out conunter style place is always hopping come lunch time and the barbecue aromas are quite trance-like. I've only had the barbecue beef and teriyaki chicken and both were quite good.  Yes, they sell spam musubi on the side if you so choose, and each meat comes on a bed of lettuce, a scoop of white rice and the ubiquitous macaroni salad in a little black styrofoam take out box.It's a good bet for a cheap take out if you're near ASU.  3.5 stars.
5	When I went to ASU, I went there when they first opened my freshman year.  And it was my favorite place to go eat for my 4 years at ASU.The food is awesome.  Totally awesome.  Jay, the owner, realized that I seemed to visit a bit, and made me work through the menu, and it's all fantastic.  The Chicken Katsu is my personal favorite.  I can eat that all day if I could. The BBQ Chicken and BBQ mix are better than any other BBQ around the Valley as far as I am concerned.  And the Loco Moco is pretty legit.Since Mai's got me started, I try to check out other Hawaiian restaurants when I get a chance to, but Mai's is still the best.  I miss it like crazy in the Bay (can you believe AZ Island food is better than what I can find here?!), but next time I head back to AZ, I know where I'll eat everyday!
4	Great (NON CORP) Food in tempe,If you are in Tempe on a regular basis you owe it to your self to eat here for lunch.  A  plate lunch will always satisfy a large appetite.  Jay has created a strong loyal crowed and a personal relationship with so many of his regulars.  I have no idea how he remembers everyone. After expanding his restaurant to a larger location Mai Island Grill has taken off.   All of Mai Island Grill's customers are waiting for jay to release more restaurants to satisfy the Hawaiian Plate lunch crowed outside of Tempe.
5	Quite possibly the best Loco Moco I've ever had.  It's hamburger patty, fried egg, and brown gravy heaven.  Gnarliest grinds I've had since I was in da 808, brah'.
5	mmmm.... to die for grilled chicken and beef.Then only thing better than Jay remembering your order is walking in before the lunch rush.  Cash is a must.  But oh so worth it.
3	My grilled chicken had an awesome flavor.  The macaroni salad was boring, not one veggie in it, just noodles and sauce.  I went at noon and the spring rolls weren't prepared yet for the day.  Come on, it's noon!
5	Anyone know why they closed?Great BBQ chicken.  The chicken Katsu is pretty darn good too.  The staff is friendly and they work hard to get orders out fast because at times this place can get super busy.  There are very few places to sit in or outside of the restaurant and even standing in line can get more than a little cramped.  But put up with the lack of space and you'll be happy once you're eating some delicious island cuisine.
5	OMG this restaurant almost made me swear off men. YES IT'S THAT GOOD! My mouth is watering just thinking about it. Best grillers ever! I have only had the short ribs, beef and grilled chicken but it was enough to keep me going there about three times a week. You can EASILY share with someone.. yes it's that much meat (well, if you get the combo option or double meat option). Staff is quick and friendly. Parking kinda stinks but you get in and out so it's ok. I wish I wish I wish they were open more often (weekends and evenings) so I could have them for dinner! Next bbq I am having I am ordering from them and saying I cooked it :)
5	So good!  4.5 stars.  Like the others said bring cash.  We had the short ribs and barbeque chicken.....awesome.  They offer double meat option...would recommend that because portions are small otherwise.
3	Just OK. I would get my order to go in the future; the dining room is cramped and crowded at lunch. I got the beef, ribs, and chicken combo. The meat was good, but the macaroni salad was pretty bland. The sauces were a bit too sweet in my opinion, but edible. The menu is fairly limited, but that is probably because of the small space.
4	Yum.
5	Yum. Yum. Yum. I just got back from a trip to Hawaii a few weeks ago and have been craving Hawaiian food. I had heard about this place awhile ago so I was hoping could cure my tastebud's island blues. I'm not even kidding, this place was just as good if not better than some of the places I tried in Honolulu. Mahalo Mai Island Grill, you made this mainlander's day.They are only open for lunch (too bad) and it was packed! I thought maybe because ASU is on winter break it might not be as busy but I was wrong. The place is tiny - only 4 tables inside that barely seat 3 and a couple tables outside.I had the grilled mahi-mahi. Each order comes with a scoop of rice, a scoop of mac salad, and some lettuce under the meat. The fish was very tasty, not dry at all, and the serving was two decent sized pieces. The rice was a tad bit mushy but still good. The mac salad was delish! It had almost a sweetness to it that balanced the saltiness of the rest of the food.Mai Island also serves Hawaiian Sun drinks which I have not seen anywhere else so you can enjoy guava juice or other tropical juices with your meal.Someone else had mentioned that they had spam musubi. I didn't see it on the menu so either they don't serve it anymore or it's a special off menu item.I will most definitely be returning to Mai Island Grill. I can't wait to try the Loco Moco! I just wish they were open on weekends!!
5	best hawaiian food in az thus far! def order the short ribs with a hawaiian iced tea! food is consistently delish!! cash only! very busy- as most of the people who eat there are ASU students!! mmmm...im craving some just talking about it.
3	I would give it one more star, but they lack vegetables or salad side orders. The meat however, tastes really good! I had their grilled chicken and my friend the beef. Both tasted really good. Portions are more than enough.The place is small, so it can be difficult to get a good seat at noon. In exchange you'll get good attention!!
5	this place is the truth they must be putting crack in their chicken.  The place is small so get there right when they open at 11 and youll be fine bring cash bc thats all they take who cares the food is amazing.  Sometimes i shed a tear on weekends that they are not open.  The owner remembers your order and they are pretty quick LOVE this place so much in fact today at 11 i will be there!!!
3	I got the rib eye meal. It came with a scoop of rice, macroni salad, and some salad. I thought the meat was grilled perfectly, but the macaroni salad was eh. Tasted like store bought macaroni to me.This place is really small so on a busy day you'll feel claustrophobic. When it gets crowded you will have a hard time getting a seat if you decide to eat there. Bring cash or you'll have to use the ATM machine when you get there.
5	I can't believe I made it through ASU without discovering this gem of a restaurant. This place is amazing. Aside from not accepting plastic forms of payment (the only drawback), this place is now on my lunch rotation. On the first trip I tried the BBQ chicken and the crunchy chicken, both very good. Can't wait to go back for more. It has very limited seating so plan on taking your food to go or avoid the lunch time rush.
5	Mai Island was one favorite places around Phoenix. Friendly service and fantastic food made this place one of those restaurants you looked forward to visiting. Sadly, it looks like it has closed as of Friday, 5/29. Hopefully, we will see it pop up elsewhere in the future.
5	Closed as of June 1. Moment of Silence
5	NOOOOOOOOO!!!! I'm SO bummed that Mai Island closed. Tried to go there for lunch today only to find a Gyro joint in it's place. I just about started to cry.Mai Island, if you ever open again please let me know! I will be there ready and waiting for some chicken katsu. Mahalo!
5	Even though this place is closed, I am putting a little note here to say that every Hawaiian BBQ place I encounter is compared to Jay's Ma'i Island grill.  It is a high standard, because Ma'i island is the best Hawaiian BBQ I have ever had.  It was a well liked restaurant in Tempe, and it is a shame the owner moved away.So, good luck other Hawaiian BBQ places, because the bar has been set high.
5	Sad to see this place closed :(
5	The only way to say it is it was the best Hawaiian BBQ out there.  The chicken and the macaroni salad were phenomenal.  I still get cravings for it and it has been closed for years.  I have yet to find a place that compares to Mai Island.  Please bring it back.
