4	Big Mama has moved from her take out only location in the Strip District to a bigger and better location in downtown Pittsburgh. They are now located across the street from the August Wilson Center in the old Steel City Diner on Liberty Avenue. There is now plenty of seating but, it gets crowded at lunch time. I especially like the gospel music playing as you walk in. They now offer breakfast which consists of fish & grits, chicken & waffles, french toast, huge pancakes, omelettes and sandwiches. They offer pulled pork sandwiches, ribs, smothered pork chops, baked, barbecued, delicious fried and jerk chicken.Their sides consists of baked beans, collard greens, cornbread, green beans, mac & cheese, candied yams, seafood stuffing, mashed potatoes, rice , potato salad and linguine salad.Desserts are peach cobbler and sweet potato pie.I highly recommend the fried chicken. The mac & cheese is so so and the potato salad is decent.If you go for lunch be advised it takes a while to get your food as everything is cooked when you order it. I would only eat in if  you have an hour for lunch. Ms Brenda aka Big Mama is such a sweet woman! I wish her all the best!
4	As the first reviewer said, this is not fast food.  That said, it's worth the wait - had fried chicken, mac n cheese, baked beans and cornbread for ~10$ - way more than i could dream of eating.The mac and cheese was delicious, the chicken was freshly fried and very juicy and the cornbread was amazing.  A warning, the spicy baked beans are, indeed, spicy.This is a pleasant addition to the lunchtime scene in downtown pittsburgh and I look forward to trying that pulled pork sandwich and the seafood stuffing.
2	I miss Southern food.  So I was excited when this place moved in across the street from where I work.  But the things I longed for - catfish, chicken-fried steak, or just a simple meat-and-three blue plate special - weren't on the menu.It was a crappy day, and I needed someplace close, so I finally decided to try Big Mama's, even if they didn't have the southern food I was accustomed to.  The menu is fairly short, seemed to be just ribs and chicken.  Not very many southern sides either - no cabbage, squash or fried okra. And they didn't have brewed iced-tea!  It's bad enough that I have to deal with that fact in most Pennsylvania restaurants, but one that claims to be Southern?Enough lamenting about the menu.  Let's just focus on the food they do have.  Fried chicken with two sides - macaroni and cheese and baked beans.  The fried chicken was overcooked and dry.  Better at Popeyes.  The mac and cheese?  You could tell it was homemade, but it had the same mushiness of Stouffers frozen.  Now the baked beans, this was a fusion dish - sweet yankee baked beans with hotness (and it wasn't Louisiana hot sauce, thank God). A very good combination that got my mind wondering - what if you mixed those sweet baked beans with chopped jalapenos, like they do ranch-style beans?  The corn bread was good.  I prefer sweet corn bread, but that's just a personal preference.Two more notes.  Service is slow.  Very slow.  This isn't good at lunch.  And the restaurant has the same ventilation problems that Steel City Diner had - smoke from the fryer just hangs in the air.Next time I'll try the ribs.  Or maybe breakfast .  If only they had eggs, grits & catfish.  But overfried catfish is really bad.  Maybe they ought not try that one.
3	Betty Anderson Hummm the pulled pork is really good it kind of reminds me of baked beans a little sweet & spicy! Potato salad is tasty but macaroni & cheese disappoints I think its Stouffers. And I can't believe a place like this wouldn't have home made iced tea? So because of those 2 reasons I took 2 stars off.I found the service to be quick & pleasant. Bib Mamma herself brought me a sample of this special BBQ sauce they are making right now... It's really good!Had I known they served chicken & waffles I would have come for breakfast.  I will be back agsin to have some of that!
1	I may be the first person not to understand the appeal of Big Mama's. It's possible that they haven't gotten everything streamlined yet to handle a big crowd but service was very slow. The first time I went there, it took over 15 minutes just for the server to come around to take the order, by which time, I changed my mind as I was running out of time. I had more time the second time so I stayed and actually had breakfast. That wasn't really fast either. It took half an hour to get the bacon and eggs, and the cook forgot to add the home fries. He wasn't wearing a hat and was sweating into the griddle. He even joked about it. Also, I noticed that if the cook makes a mistake, he'll set the food item aside until someone orders that and then he'll just reheat it. Not very professional.
1	I have to agree with Morton F. here in saying that I do not understand the appeal of Big Mama's.I wanted to try it out once because friends were raving about the great food.  I picked a time during breakfast when the restaurant was about 1/3 full, thinking that any lapses in service were due to the high volume of customers streaming through the place during lunch.  I was wrong, however.It took our server about 15-20 minutes to appear to ask for drinks.  Before my party could order food, she rushed away.  We waited another 10 minutes before she reappeared to take our order.  Then, we waited for half an hour before anything appeared at our table.  We didn't order anything more complicated than pancakes and eggs.  When they finally did arrive, they were nothing special.  I think that our meal, from sitting down at the beginning to standing up at the end, took about an hour and a half.Honestly, a lot people argued with me when I told them that my experience at Big Mama's was less than stellar.  They attributed the long wait to the high volume of customers.  However, this is definitely not the case, as I specifically waited until the restaurant was less than half full to dine there.  If your idea of a "high volume of customers" is less than half capacity, then you need to rethink your idea of what a restaurant is.I would expect to wait longer for more difficult to cook foods, but for simple breakfast fare, 1.5 hours is unacceptable.
2	In the Burgh for a conference and asked a cabbie where the best local places were and trying to get past the stock answers (Primanti Bros, Fat Head's, Station Square, anything on Carson St, etc). So when on the way back from Church Brew Works (see other review), a driver mentions Big Mama's we were intrigued.Perhaps the anticipation created the let down; I'm still not sure. Apparently the restaurant recently relocated but the new place felt and smelled old. This is a soul food hole in the wall, so I was not expecting Morton's but I don't think it's too much to wipe down tables and sweep the floors.The service was slow and sloppy, though extremely friendly. They took our order twice and eventually we just shouted it to the counter guy after they lost the second ticket. Then revised it after we learned that they were out of pulled pork. We had fried chicken (ok, not great), pulled chicken (pretty good), mac n cheese (good), potato salad (good) and collared greens (average). No Coke in the dispenser, and no iced tea.The food was inexpensive and we finished our late lunch with peach cobbler to go (delicious). All in all, ok, but no displacing M and M's in Culver City nor the Mayflower Cafe in Jackson on my list. Maybe Pittsburgh isn't the place you go for soul food....We did meet Big Mama and she was a character; I wish her the best and hope that she gets her restaurant whipped into shape.
1	Oh I came to this place I was walking down street. They had a temporary menu which had some misspelled words on it.. OMG... I was so expecting this place to be MUCH MUCH better.. I was told the owner "big mama"  was on a much needed vaction. So someone else was cooking ,and trust me from what I ordered, you can clearly tell somethings missing.. I also should have known something was going to be wrong when I saw on the temporary menu w/ misspelled words.. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich w/ baked beans... Both were HORRIBLE.. It was a complete waste of money.. I don't think I would ever eat here again when I visit Pittsburgh.. And I really wanted this place to be good.. but they need to STEP IT UP A COUPLE OF NOTCHES.
4	Big Mama has closed her restaurant for good due to fines and parking issues with the city of Pittsburgh. She stated on the front door that she may be moving to the Washington DC area. Now that is a tough market for soul food! Check out A & J's Ribs in Market Square. Their food is just as good.Big Mama will be missed.
2	I like the idea of this resturant, because soul food is a tradition in my family, especially during the holidays.  However the food here leaves a bad taste in my mouth.  I can see the potential here, but the whole operation is unprefessonial and rough around the edges.  I have eaten here more than a handful of times. Once Big Mama's House of Soul were selling food at an out door festival. I waited in line for roughly 40 minutes only to be told that they had run out of food.  This is an example of the unperfessonalism.I also do not like that they don't sale individual bones of ribs.Another hit and miss for Soul for in Pittsburgh.
