1	If you're looking for a place where you can keep pets and have no obligation whatsoever to clean up after them, this is your place.  If you don't like walking over, through, and past dog waste on every patch of grass within walking distance, then keep looking because you'll be grossed out.Is it really so hard to insist that your residents obey leash laws and other rules about keeping pets?
1	If there was a way to give a negative star I would do that. I'm not a tenant nor will I ever be one, thankfully. My complaint is with the office manager and how poorly business is done. I gave the office manager a $100 money order to hold an apartment and come back later in the month to sign a lease. Towards the end of the month I tried repeatedly to contact the office manager with no such luck. No return calls even after leaving messages to call. Another tenant who does live at The Fountain tracked her down for me to which she GAVE THIS TENANT MY LEASE TO SIGN!! Pretty sure that is breaking all sorts of laws. Still, after giving this tenant my lease to give me to sign she never actually called me to go over the lease. She wrote instructions on a post-it note and told the other tenant basically how to do her own job. After looking over the lease, SURPRISE! she lied to me about the rent price and when I called AGAIN to discuss she of course never returned my call. I'd also like to add after speaking with other tenants it was unanimously agreed she is never there and is about as useless as a bag of turds. My search continues for an apartment downtown but I dodged a bullet even if I'm out a $100. Which by the way is called theft. Thanks Fountain Apt for worst almost renting experience ever.
1	The most poorly organized and poorly managed apartment complex I have ever lived in.  From the very beginning my cousin and I were promised one thing but the opposite ended up happening. We were told that utilities were included, rent was a certain price, we would both have assigned parking spots, there wasn't a deposit for pets, and the list goes on.  However, none of these things ended happening.  We had to pull teeth to get what they said was all included.Maintenance was a joke! Trying to get anything fixed took weeks of nagging, mainly because no one is ever in the office.  The girl on sight had very limited office hours and even then she couldn't seem to keep them.  Even when I tried to take my complaints up the latter I couldn't get a response. No one here knows what the heck they're doing.Unless there is gun being held to your head, don't rent here.
