3	My daughter has recently shown an interest in magic, so we were happy to see this store while walking through the Venetian.  I was impressed by the large selection of smaller sized tricks hanging on the wall, but was immediately approached by a worker that asked how old my daughter was.  When I told him her age, he brought her to the counter and showed her three tricks.  Now I know that their job is to make as many sales possible, but what turned into a trip where I had planned on spending $10 turned into a $60 trip as she was mesmerized by the tricks that he showed her.   She pretty much spent her entire Vegas budget at this store thanks to the more than friendly cashier.  Just a word of warning for you parents out there.  It may be worth going in alone at first or making sure to ignore the cashiers call to your child so you won't have to tell them "no" to the overpriced tricks they are showing.  We ended up buying the two of the tricks that were shown.  The light trick he showed her is a bit hard for our daughter to do, even though he knew her age upfront.  I'm guessing the $30 price was the main focus of him showing it to her.  The bag with boxed roses trick is a bit easier for her, however, that night in the hotel room the bag had already started to rip despite the fact that my daughter was very careful with it.  For $20 I would think that it would be a little more durable.     If you go in knowing how to avoid the real "tricks" of this place, you will see that it's a fun little shop to poke around in.
1	I love magic shops. It reminds me of all the joy and wonder of my childhood. So, when I visited Vegas, I thought I'd bring a little of that home to my six year old. The magician at the counter assured me that my son could pull off the simple, yet impressive boxes of flowers in a bag trick. I was sold and they packaged up our sale. My son was so excited, until he opened the box. They gave us one that had been obviously used, and used a lot! The bag was already ripped in two places. The bottom of the boxes are all falling off, and the plastic is all dinged and scratched on the boxes. What a bummer. A twenty dollar bummer. Not cool. I really wanted to like these guys, but I feel like I got hustled. Had the product been new, I would have given them four stars, but since the whole core of our transaction was the product...1 star.
5	Stopped in here to get a fun toy as a souvenir gift - the woman work was a lot of help and showed me all sorts if tricks! Good place for a non-traditional souvenir to bring home
5	I had a great time at Houdini's Magic Shop. The clerk was very helpful and answered all of my questions. He was a practicing magician too which helped a lot. He really knew his stuff!
5	Just spent about an hour chilling with Dan and Tyler in the shop. They're the coolest, most awesome people ever!
