5	My husband and I recently got into playing Magic: The Gathering. After scoping out Target and Walmart for a specific deck of cards, we decided to stop by Little Shop of Magic to see what they had to offer. I was a bit nervous, to say the least, to visit this store. I've visited card stores before and most are disorganized and full of store employees who feel the need to berate you over your choices, instead of helping you find what you are looking for. I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised to find Little Shop of Magic was free of both these. The store was very clean, well lit, and nicely organized. The employees were great as well. They allowed us to look around freely, but were available to answer questions and retrieve items for us. Best of all, neither employees criticized what we purchased! The shop's selection is great too. I was excited to see that they had the two decks my husband and I had gone all over creation searching for. Not only that, but they had a neat selection of board games. I know that we will be back in the future to add some of these games to our home collection. We had a great experience at Little Shop of Magic and were so impressed by the store that we opened an account with them. We know we will definitely be back!
3	This is the only shop in town right now catering to rp gamers, and the shop itself is pretty awesome. The selection is great and the shopping program is pretty great.  My only problem with the place is one employee, and I believe he's the owner, or at least the store manager.  He's always there to open weekdays.  I haven't disliked many people before, and it's tough to say much bad about this place, but he's just a really rude, unpleasant person. No matter how nicely you try to communicate with him, he just gives a really snobby attitude back and talks down to you. It just kills the atmosphere and makes it really unwelcoming.  I'll probably only go back if I really need a particular product, otherwise I'd rather shop online.  So definitely go here if you want to buy great games, cards and miniatures locally, but just go at night when this man will more than likely not be there.
5	(This is for their online service)I recently ordered an Avacyn Restored Fatpack and it was accidentally shipped to the wrong address, through my error (I believe). At first I emailed them and they responded in a quick manner and it was very informative. I called them to check up on the status of the package and the staff was so friendly about it, they changed the shipping address to the correct one without any additional charges!They have an amazing selection and great prices compared to other places and I will probably order from them again when I need Magic: The Gathering cards. The interface is simple and they have a huge selection of items besides MTG cards.
3	WH40K/Fantasy, D&D, Pathfinder, Warmachine, Dust War......Great collection of minis for a bastard like me to geek to.  Only knock:  None of the cool plastic whatevers from a more modelling-oriented store that I could cut up, sculpt, shape, and McGuyver onto the stock minis for some good old kit bashing.  Then again, the gaming tables kinda indicate that was never the intent for this store anyway.
5	Great service - great place!
5	I love this place!  The staff is always friendly, and they always have a full selection of games.  I once accidently make a special-order for the wrong version of Catan, and when I noticed that it was wrong, they had no issues with me not buying it.  Also the owner, I believe it was him (flat top haircut), was extremely helpful in answering my questions.  I was looking at some FF games, specifically Arkham Horror, and he brought our several other similar games from the HP Lovecraft Myhtos, and explained each one in detail.  I ended up getting Mansions of Madness after he showed me the video on their iPad.  Their rewards program is pretty significant too; you receive 10% rewards on your purchases.  E.g. you buy a game for $30, you get 3 XP (which = $3).  I love supporting small businesses, and with this program, there is no excuse to go to other stores (based on the pricing of places I've been, they remain competitive).  Also the bowling game is fun at the counter :)Anyways, in short, I recommend this place to all of my friends, and I recommend that anyone who is in to gaming check it out!
4	Knowledgeable, friendly, helpful staff. They could use a larger selection of terrain elements for purchase, but, for the most part, great store. Glad I go there.
4	The most solid core gaming store in Vegas. Always a good selection of items, no high pressure sales tactics, and polite staff. Has a limited 'snack bar' as well (candy and soda mostly).In store items are generally sold at retail, and if they don't have what you want will generally be happy to order it for you. I give them business here and there for items I never would have found otherwise and to support my "FLGS" but for lots of items I'll go online for the better prices.
4	If you're a board game fan then you absolutely need to drop everything and go to Little Shop of Magic. They are far and above the best place to find board games, RPG books (D&D, Pathfinder, Shadowrun, Vampire: The Masquerade, etc) and Magic the Gathering cards.Went here with some of my D&D (well technically Pathfinder but we still say D&D) to look for miniatures and pick up another core rulebook. We found the book, but decided against the miniatures as they are blind pulls (you don't know what you get until you open it, a very common practice with major RPG companies). They have a broad focus so you might not find what you are looking for in regards to a specific game, but they are more than willing to order specific items for you.I also noticed that they often have tournaments and D&D Encounters. I haven't participated in any, but I like that they offer them!
1	I've been at this shop a few times and was a little put off by the atmosphere in the shop, but as the young lady working behind the counter was friendly and knowledgable I pushed my misgivings aside. However, each time I came to this establishment after my first visit I was further disappointed by the brusqueness of the rest of the staff members and by the ease with which my Magic the Gathering business was pushed aside in favor of gamers with more expensive interests such as Warhammer. The final straw was when I went in for a recent trade of my Magic the Gathering cards, including Detention Spheres, Vraska the Unseen, and Jace, Architect of Thought. As the transaction was completed, I was not informed of the drastic change in value for my cards and what was originally posted on their buy list. When I called the shop with regards to the discrepancy, I was rather rudely informed that I should pay attention to the daily pricing values of my cards as they constantly change the pricing of their buy list. When I pointed out that this should have been pointed out on the purchase order I was informed that I should reference their website. Overall, EXTREMELY POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!! This shop is not friendly to Magic or cardgamers in general. I would definitely not recommend it.
1	Terrible Service, The owners steal prizes from tournaments. Very shady.... best to stay away and shop/play elsewhere in town
4	New to town but I've been gaming here for the past couple weeks.  A clean well lit place to play games and they even stayed late a few minutes to let us wrap up a late running game.  No beefs at all with th e staff and I think they have a loyalty discount program.  Hope the good vibes hold up over time!
5	I've been going there for a couple months on Saturday nights now.  Great friendly staff.  The game prices are full retail, but you do get a dollar off in the future for every $10 you spend there (but you do need to earn them in $10 increments).A little packed if there is a magic tournament but otherwise a fine place for boardgaming, and a good group of boardgamers too.
5	Great game store in Vegas. Friendly staff, helpful and always fun to talk to.I discovered this store through some friends that live in Vegas. Now I drive to Vegas to actually go play miniatures here rather than in Los Angeles a lot of time due to how inviting and friendly the players are.
4	I really like this place. It is in a good location, clean store, and nice people. They also have a good selection of games, mostly the popular stuff, but if you dig deep you can find some hidden treasures.
5	The store is clean and arguably has the best selection of board games in town. Also, plenty of room to move around. The staff is friendly and knowledgable.
3	They had what I needed...sort of, but it worked fine. The git behind the counter, I didn't get his name was pretty uptight, for a game store that's a no-no...snobs should not be helping gamers.I wanted to buy more stuff but I figured I could find a more customer friendly place, like eBay...lol
4	This is a pretty nice gaming shop. About 60-70% of its floor space is devoted to open gaming. That's really rare and nice. Decent selection of RPGs/boardgames/CCGs. I came on a Sat night open board gaming night.What I didn't like. All their tables are pushed together to make long rows of tables. It's kinda a pain to get in and out 'cause you gotta walk the entire length. Sometimes, I just want to walk on and check out different games and this format makes this challenging. Noise level gets really high. This is really normal for a gaming place btw, but still gets a little loud. Maybe I'm just getting old? Angela mentioned when I open my store I should put noise dampers in the roof, great point. Definitely going to remember this. Otherwise, great place to come and game.
5	Love this place.  Homegrown game shops are usually a-ok in my book but any place that has every set of Catan in huge display, tons of D&D and Magic the Gathering, Pokemon, and new games AND shows tabletop daily is an epic win!  The owners can talk the games up with anyone.  Not to mention the nightly gaming nights, whether it is Friday Night Magic, Saturday Morning Pokemon League or Saturday Night open game night, you will be able to find more than a few friends to play with or compete in pro circuit qualifiers.The prices are competitive with the retail outlets but buy from the small guy, not the monoliths.
4	I've heard other shops are better but this is the closest to me and meets my expectations so I don't see any reason to go out of my way to another shop.  I mainly play MTG and LSM has everything I need. Their sleeves and other supplies are fine, reasonably priced. Great MTG scene and I love that there are a lot of incentives to preregister for prereleases like reduced prices, free drinks and maybe even game-related prizes, and free sleeves. Well ventilated which is important considering the average MTG player.  Events are run smoothly, they have a cool matchups board that shows who you're going to play against so you know who to play. Good prize distribution for events too. Staff are friendly and helpful enough.My main gripes would be:I have been to prereleases that were too crowded before. It was for a popular set though so that's to be expected but I would have capped attendance rather than squeezed people in like sardines.One of the times I won store credit/bonus product I had to come back a couple times to claim it, and I wasn't listed as playing in the tournament where I won. Eventually it was all sorted out though, just took longer than I thought and it never happened again.The same screen that shows the standing also plays music videos and what looks like game reviews/game news. It's a nice idea and usually the sound is turned off/way down but frankly it's really distracting for me and I wish that they would turn it off during a competition or just use it for standings/match ups.The owner, John, seems angry about something whenever I see him. I don't know the guy but just an observation. Maybe it's just bad luck since I've only spotted him a couple times. It's not like he yells at the customers or the staff. Just seems like he's in a bad mood every time I see him.I really wish they had a dollar rare bin. I like hunting through those for sure.New website is tough to navigate.Honestly though that's it for my gripes. Nothing that can't be or hasn't already been fixed. I've never been ripped off or had someone be rude to me, so I'd recommend the shop if you're in the area.
5	Game shops are rare to come by nowadays and this is great to have almost in my backyard. The staff is great and always able to answer a question about a game, between all the employees I think they have a good grasp on everything they sell. The sleeves are cheaper than the ones you can find on amazon and they have all the board and card games you could hope for. They even have an area where you can rent a game and try it before buying it to see if you like it! And if you decide you want it your rental fee goes towards the price of the game. This place is great for the inner geek in you! The owner is nice and his doggie is usually in store too!
5	This is a fantastic store. I buy all my board games and accessories here. I come in often to see the new games. The staff and owner are super friendly and great to us customers. I've been shopping here regularly here for about a year now. If you're into board games you'll love this store. They have a huge area dedicated to tabletop gaming. They also hold tournaments and Competitive leagues. Go check them out!
1	Sadly all of my experiences were luckluster at best. Uninformed staff, unknowledgeable staff, and poor communication.  They do not return phone calls or email messages or requests made on their website.  For brick and mortar prices one expects a superior experience.  Regrettably when I made inquiries the single time I did get a response, the staff member was, shall we say not very polite.  Roleplaying such as D&D or Pathfinder is supported reluctantly.  LSoM did not support free RPG day.  I'd suggest Empire Game Shop, it is run by gamers for gamers.  Empire is new and friendly and polite.
5	Little Shop is a pure gaming shop; no comics, no other books, no frills. For the space they occupy, they have a huge stock of games that runs the gamut. Card games, tabletop, pen and paper books, and board games that range from fairly "family friendly" entry level games such as Catan to ridiculously complicated all-night Euro titles. The bright shiny core that makes this shop stand out above others to me; I am a woman, and I have never felt awkward here. MAGIC indeed. Normally I either have to play the "are you nerd enough to have a pull drawer" question array, or the "are you lost, sweetheart?" stare. I do not have to do that here. Some women even work here! It's magic. So easy to spend money on stuff you love when you don't feel like a pariah.The staff is pretty knowledgeable; as much as you can be in a store with a selection that huge. It's simply impossible to know everything about all of those types and titles. But they usually know who knows. The store has a wee tinge of that "MTG Tournament Funk", but it's either tamped down with a lot of febreeze or well cleaned.
5	I love this store. The customer service is on point and there is a feeling of friendship around everyone there. I remember my second time going into this store one of the guys who worked there remembered me and said it was nice to see me, my awkward personality didn't know how to respond but I was happy he remembered me. I wish I would of said thanks or something other than nothing. These guys rock. Also there's a try before you buy cabinet which is awesome. Keep it up guys.
