1	I spent the better part of seven years of my life as an automotive technician at a fairly large (20+ techs) dealership, and as such fully and completely appreciate the expertise, knowledge, and service that a dealership provides.Whenever possible, I purchase parts and services from local dealerships.  Yes, I could save a ton of money on parts by buying items online, but as mentioned, I respect dealerships and understand the benefits of supporting local businesses.  That said, this particular VW dealership (the Zimbrick on Century Avenue is only a VW dealer, BTW - no Acura any longer at this location) shocked me with their inability to comprehend a simple request for oil, an oil filter, and a fuel filter.I called to check the price and availability for some common, everyday maintenance items for my VW Jetta.  My Jetta has the 1.9L BRM Diesel motor ("PD" style), and as such has some unique requirements as identified by Volkswagen, specifically when it comes to oil.  VW mandates that you use their 505.01 approved oil in the BRM diesel motor.  Failure to do so may result in a voided or compromised warranty.So imagine my shock when the parts guy told me to use "any old oil" while on the phone.  When I tried to correct him and request the 505.01 Castrol VW oil, he seemed to get a bit unnerved.I then asked about a fuel filter, and despite having told him the make, model, year, and engine type of my VW on three separate occasions, he still misquoted my filter.  I then gave him my VIN, and he was still confused.  A few minutes later, he quoted me the correct filter, but at a price that was easily 2x higher than what I would pay from any other online VW parts dealer.So, I declined to purchase anything from this local resource, and will now have to shop online with an out-of-the-area dealership.  I'm sorry, but my confidence was shaken immediately, and I was floored by the sky high price (they quoted $60 for the filter; everyone else is $25).
4	We've been very pleased with Stuart Wakeman in the service department. He's always been straightforward with us about repairs and has let us know whenever a part or service was covered by warranty, even when we weren't aware of it.
2	Typical dealership.  They know the car well (I should hope so) but every repair is extremely expensive.  You can usually do better to go to a local mechanic.  We needed a new antenna for our Jetta... $50.  Yeah, no thanks, I bought one on ebay for $11.  They do have loaners which is nice, and a nice little waiting room area with free coffee and WiFi, but the location is bad (way far out in middleton, not near any public transport) and the prices are just absurd.
4	I've been taking my two passats here for a number of years - both cars are driven numerous miles - well over 130,000 and 180,000 miles on each of them.  Service has been quite good - a number of repairs and ongoing maintenance.  I've been pleased with the service and attention I get.  The waiting area is very nice and comfortable for anything say 2 to 4 hour wait.  After the quality of service I've gotten, I decided to purchase a car here.  Already owned my other two VW's before moving back to Madison.  Recently purchased a 2012 Jetta Sportwagen and had friendly and attentive sales and service.  Only thing I didn't like was the pressure to purchase add-on items - paint protection?
5	Brought in my 2012 Passat TDI for its 20k service and received excellent customer service as usual. I even had a last minute change in my schedule that was handled smoothly.
4	I've been bringing my VW's here for nearly 8 years...first my wife's 99 passat wagon and my 04 passat.  Last year, we bought a jetta sportwagen from them, largely because of the quality of the service we've gotten from the service department.We've had to face some pretty large repair bills at times but, I've felt they have been fair and done quality work.  There have been a few hiccups but, the service folks have always been accommodating and flexible to help work through things.I have tried taking my cars to other shops a few times but, honestly, the price savings weren't that great and I have received more reliable service from the dealer....hint:  If you need a lot of work done, plan ahead and ask for a loaner car.  They're usually really good about that
5	Recently bought a pre-owned 2009 Eos. Worked with Doug Marshall. He was quickly able to "read" us and introduced us to a model, which I,quite frankly, did not know existed. Within 48 hours, with Doug's description of the car and it's features, I owned one. He was the consummate salesperson, working out the details of the deal, getting the car ready, etc. During the final walk-through, I even commented, " Boy, you guys think of everything." Doug brought a degree of pleasure back to the car-buying experience. I'd be happy to work with him again.
5	I brought my 2004 VW Golf in to have the AC repaired. The car was not purchased at Zimbrick and I had hoped the repair would be covered by the extended warranty. The problem my car was having turned out to be somewhat of a mystery, solved on day two by the shop foreman. I greatly appreciated that they were willing to work with the third party warranty company, kept me informed, provided me with a ride to and from work and then a loaner car. Also, I appreciate that the loaner car was a VW ;)
5	My wife's Mini Cooper had to have its engine replaced. She no longer felt comfortable driving that car. We visited Nissan, Honda, Toyota and VW dealerships and ultimately had the best experience with Zimbrick VW in Middleton. Otto was very helpful. He was not pushy and gave us all the information we needed to make a decision.Zimbrick made a very fair offer to trade in the Mini but we ended up selling it ourselves. Once my wife's car was sold, Otto made the process very quick and easy so we had her in her new Passat the same day. He even stayed after closing to walk her through setting up her new car!When I replace my Toyota RAV4, I will definitely consider Zimbrick VW.
5	I saw the promotions for the Clean Diesel event in April; I went in to the dealership about mid-afternoon on a Saturday to inquire about more information.  Tim Regan was my Sales & Leasing Consultant; he asked me about my driving habits and needs and then gave me suggestions on what the best car to fit me would be.  During the test drive, Tim was friendly, personable and gave me information about the car, the company and himself personally. I decided to purchase a 2014 Jetta. Tim knew I was in the middle of hellish week as busy season was wrapping up at work.  He was patient with my lack of free time and worked around my schedule to get paperwork signed.  I took the car home that night.  The next day, Tim, came to my work place (bringing me my favorite Starbucks drink!) to pick up the car and take it back to the dealership for cleaning and detailing.When Tim brought back my shiny, clean car, he spent a hour with me, walking me through all the features, explaining the little details and answering all my questions.  I was so comfortable with him and even happier with my purchase.I have now had the car a week and I could not be happier with the car and and my positive Zimbrick experience.
