5	Perfection! I finally had the opportunity to dine at the Seafood Market & Restaurant last Friday (February12th). The place was busy and we had a short wait (maybe 10-15 minutes) but the food and atmosphere were well worth the slight delay. This is the kind of restaurant I dream about. Subdued overhead lighting with twinkling flames on each table. Comfortable seating. A clientele that seemed in and of itself tasteful and "above average." without pretension or arrogance. Everyone was clearly there to have a good meal and a pleasant evening, It's the sort of place that is special enough to merit "dressing up" - guys in sportcoats, etc., but not so stuffy that you would feel uncomfortable in jeans and a t-shirt. The overall atmosphere was relaxed and subdued but children are clearly welcome.The wait staff was professional and efficient. They kept my water glass filled and cleared empty plates promptly without excessive hovering. The food was excellent. I was still on my quest to locate decent fish and chips in the Gilbert/Mesa area so I ordered their halibut fish and chips and a beer. One negative comment - no Blue Moon on the menu. The waitress said they get many requests for Blue Moon so I hope they begin making that available to their diners. My date ordered a seafood platter of some kind - a selection of fried items - clam strips, fish, shrimp, crab cake, with rice and steamed vegetables. He also had a cup of their clam chowder. He enjoyed everything. I had a house salad with the fish and chips. That too was delicious. The french fries were average but the fish was the star anyway and it was very good. The halibut was tender and the beer batter was light and crispy. The coleslaw was nice as well - creamy but not too heavy.I thought the pricing was appropriate for what you get. Outstanding. I will be eating there again in the near future.
5	I just ate there, for the first time, last night. My girlfriend and I had the mexican shrimp cocktail, chowder, halibut, and snow crab. Everything was great. I'm really picky about seafood, and this place met my highest expectations.
5	In my opinion, put Red Lobster out of your head, and head here!  This place is phenomenal in all their seafood selections.  My husband and I chose to bring his parents here tonight, they are from PA, frequent Rehobeth Beach, DE, and they raved how some of what they ate parelled what they get "at the shore"!  For aps, my husband had the clams casino, my father-in-law had the wings, I had the ceviche, all excellent!  For dinner mother-in-law had the fish n' chips, father-in-law and husband had the harvest platter, I had the enchiladas with crab...amazing!  My MIL wanted the fish tacos, but she chose last minute the fish n' chips, and she loved it.  The boys loved the platter, although the crab cakes were less than desireable, and my enchiladas were the best seafood enchiladas I've ever had.  I have compared them to Maria Maria's crab enchilada suizas, these stand out beyond them.  This place is like a sleeping secret, and I wanted to share this place should not be overlooked.  Its in the far southwest corner at Dana Park, is hidden, and is worthy of your seafood cravings!  No more Red Lobster, people, give this place a go, and it is all sorts of family good, big tables, excellent food, good drinks.  Give to the locals, not to the chains.  They also have seafood for purchase, and its fresh as AZ can get it, and the prices are good.  I love the Salt Cellar, but they have since raised their rates through the roof, we looked for less pricey, and they serve up just as amazing food.  Its quaint as well, reminding you that you are in a local seafood joint, and takes you as if you were just off the beach, whether west coast or east coast.  We have the east coasters to prove it!
4	Went for my birthday and had steak and lobster. Both were awesome..sweet lobster and juicy steak. perfect. This is a laid back place, no frills..no snobbery..I like!I'll be back...
4	Great fresh fish! I had Halibut fish and chips. Reasonable price of 12 bucks for the type of meal because it''s fresh. My wife had the Trout blackened and we both loved our lunches. You can certainly eat healthy here but a 12-15 dollar lunch in this economy isn't the best thing, but it seems comparable to other restaurants close by Dana Park mall so I can't say it's over priced in that respect, but there are better "value" lunch meals out there. Beer battered was how I had mine finished off but you can get it in a Panco breading coating as well. Cole slaw was flavorful and the fries weren't greasy or fishy.
4	I absolutely LOVE this place. Every meal that my husband and I have ordered here has been excellent! They serve only the freshest seafood you could ask for, cooked to perfection! I recommend the Seafood Market & Restaurant over Red Lobster any day!
1	Hubby and I went to celebrate our anniversary and the worse service and seafood.  They served crab legs ice cold.  My halibut was so-so.  Waiter was handing us bread, etc. over a wall.  Never again.
4	I've enjoyed this place each time I've been here. It's a really nice place, someplace to look forward to going. I absolutely love the clam chowder and it's hard to resist getting lobster.
3	Went on a Friday night with my significant other. It was VERY crowded. I didn't really expect that at this joint, but I guess it is very popular with the elders (not trying to be offensive, but I live in AZ and lots of retired elders here). Anyways, service is prompt and friendly. They give you free freshly baked bread (YAY!)Now on to the food, I came here because I've previously bought some Ahi Tuna at the market area. Let's be honest here though, it's not really a market. It's just a small little fridge with a selection of 5-6 different seafood. But the Ahi Tuna I bought was fresh and delicious. No complaints there at all!. I made Ahi Tuna Poke with the tuna I bought and it got raves from friends. Ok back on track to their restaurant food, I got the sampler and gf got the fish and chips. On second thought, I think we ordered too much fried food, because I started to feel sick after eating all that. Fish and shrimp were fresh and good, but baked potato was pretty lonely and without its condiments. Maybe i'll try other items on their menu, but the fried fish was just too much for me that day.
5	Great service. Ceviche is fine!
2	The salads looked like it was directly out of a bag. The service was lacking in an almost empty restaurant. My girlfriends Shrimp Scampi was good but the Maryland Crab cakes weren't. You know it's bad when you walk out see Panda Express and know you would have had a better experience there.
5	All these bad reviews boggle my mind. All I can say is, haters to the left.I love this place. I've been with it every time it moved or changed location. My most recent trip, I decided to go for broke and had the salmon meal. DE-LI-CIOUS. It was capital-T tender and the taste was phenomenal. I was in Salmon Heaven! My mother had halibut and my father had fish and chips. Paired with warm bread, the meal was perfect, filling, and not too deep in my wallet. Absolutely perfect. I can't wait to visit again!
3	Arrived at 8:10pm when they close at 9, we stood and waited for someone to seat us in the near empty restaurant.  The same experience waiting to order ensued.  Ordered the salmon and the roughy...both were good.  Still, our feeling was this was fairly commercial seafood fare...nothing outstanding, but good.  I mentioned the Time Mag cover story about wild vs. farmed.  The waitress knew nothing, and asked the boss what was wild and what was farmed.  Shouldn't someone in that position know?  The boss rattled off 3 or 4 farmed fish, adding that the rest were all wild.  He couldn't have cared less to have a conversation about it.  http://www.time.com/time/health/article/0,8599,1663604,00.html
5	This is one of the best seafood restaurants in the east valley, top three in the very least.  I have lived here for thirty years and have come to this place for twenty years, back then it was located near Fiesta Mall.  This is your classic east coast styled seafood restaurant that is family owned and operated.  My all-time favorite dish (when it is in season) is the soft-shell crab.  I love them lightly fried and served as a sandwich, which by the way isn't on the menu but they are great at making special requests.The only "bad" experience that my wife and I ever had here was when we decided that we just wanted king crab.  By that I mean we wanted a whole crab and no sides.  The server got the no sides part right, but he served us one portion of crab... four legs, no claws.  Another server noticed that we looked a bit confused about what was delivered and she asked if something wasn't right.  We explained that we were expecting eight legs and two claws.  I suspect that they don't normally serve claws when ordering a la carte, but between her and our server they fixed it up for us... giving us exactly what we wanted.  We just didn't want any of the usual sides because we knew we would be stuffed from the crab alone.A word of warning though, this place gets PACKED in the winter time.  Folks from the east coast know a good seafood restaurant when they see one and the snowbirds flock to this joint.  My sister and her husband once waited two hours to get a seat on a Friday night in the middle of Lent.  She said it was worth the wait.  As for me I prefer to come here on Saturday afternoons that time of year for faster seating.
5	After wondering what the food was like for three years we finally stopped in this weekend 12/3/2011. I have to say I was so surprised how wonderful the food was. We are from the east and I would not expect seafood this good in the valley. We had steamed oysters and they were wonderful and the chowder is amazing! Great dinner!
5	I'm from New Orleans and Washington,  so used to good fresh fish.  The Seafood Market  fish is delicious.  Wouldn't dream of going anywhere else in the state of Arizona for a fish meal or fish to take home.  Their bread is memorable.  Their veggies fresh.  Their service and ambience pleasant.  5 stars!
5	We took the family here for my father-in-law's birthday.  It was a good thing we made reservations as there were many people waiting outside when we arrived.  We waited about 10 minutes to get seated.   The manager apologized and said the earlier tables were taking a bit longer than expected.  The waitress came quickly, took our drink orders and brought them quickly.  She was personable, suggested the clam chowder and halibut when asked for suggestions.  The clam chowder was excellent.  Dinners came quickly.  The food was hot, fish fresh, and vegetables cooked just right.  We were all very pleased with the evening     And are looking forward to our next trip back.  The only negative thing I have to say is that it was a little loud and sometimes hard to hear.  But all in all it was a very pleasant evening.
4	I went there for the first time on Valentine's Day for a nice little seafood dinner and was really happy with the overall experience.  My fiancee and I love seafood and oysters and we always like to try new places.  We thought the daily fish special was delicious, the oysters were great and the service was friendly.  If I had one negative it would be the side dishes weren't that great (rice pilaf and french fries).  The prices were pretty fair, which was nice.  I would go back and would love to try the chowder and other tasty bites!
4	Good Tacos Del Cabo!!!!  Good Shrimp Tacos!!!  Good Santa Fe Salmon Salad
3	My friend and I went here to give it a try. I ordered the haddock fish and chips, he ordered battered clams, we both ordered clam chowder. The chowder (at six bucks a bowl) was really good, and a nice portion. The batered clams were ... well, some of them had no clams in them, dry, and not very tasty. The fish and chips? Well the chips were just french frys, and not all that good. The Fish was really good (haddock) however it was two average to small pieces and the cost was 12 dollars. I will go back for the chowder, or if I am really hankering for good battered fish... otherwise no.
1	WE went in to try it again.  We had been there previously about a year ago and the fish was tough!  So we thought we'd try again.  This time we stood at teh hostess stand for 10 minutes with wait staff walking by with NO eye contact.  We left after 10 minutes.  No one ever made eye contact or spoke to us.  Horrible experience and I wonder how the heck they stay in business.  Must be the snowbirds!
5	amazing!!  love the owner and staff...seafood the best around for az.  you have to try this place!
4	The salmon and scallops were delicious. The toasted bread before the meal  is delicious and very addicting.
2	We were dragged here with a friend because she was craving seafood.  Unfortunately, the only thing that was better than average was the oyster crackers and the ice water.  The incredibly "fishy" smell punches you in the nose when you walk in, and the crowd is almost exclusively retired.  There's nothing wrong with that - other than people tend to lose their taste buds as they age - that's the only reason I can explain how busy they were.  They're "famous" for their fish & chips.  The cod was no bueno and the fries were soggy.  I'm sorry, but if that's what you're famous for, you better bring it every time!  The service was less than desirable, and it's safe to say I'll NEVER go back.
3	I tried the harvest platter and thought that it was adequate though not special.  The oysters were very small, more breading than anything else.  The clam strips were tiny.  The fried shrimp was serviceable.  The cod was the only thing that I would say was actually good.  I know that the Phoenix area is not known for it's seafood, but I have definitely had better in the area.  The service and decor, etc were fine.  Just do not expect too much from the food.
2	We've been here a few times and tried to give it a chance one last time. The clam chowder should have been called potato soup. There were clams in the soup, but there wasn't any clam flavor. The bread, in my opinion, was a sliced sub roll toasted. My seafood plate, the orange roughy, was tasty. He had the halibut and it was just broiled and uninteresting.  Even the cheesecake was tasteless. This will be the last time we give this restaurant a chance. We had very slow service initially, but then it got better and the server was courteous.
4	Nice cozy seafood spot, I have not been able to locate many since my transition to Chandler from southern California.  So I tried it... Service was great our server was sweet and polite always checked on us and allowed us to make our own sampler plate, the food came quick! We both ordered red snapper plates and it was great came with veggies and 1 additional side to  many to choose from fries, seafood pasta, etc. Overall I will come back.  Only negative was the calamari was a bit under cooked but our server offered another full order cooked more crispy (I really like GREAT SERVICE) but the main course was up and running so we passed on that.  The portions were nice sized.  Try them out I'm sure you'll agree they are worth a trip when you have a need for seafood.  Bon appetite..
3	We moved to AZ a few years ago and don't know many seafood restaurants here yet. We prefer to support local instead of chains when when they are worth it. So we tried SMR. The guy who waited on us was very nice. He was likely the owner. Seemed to be able to tell us all about the dishes they served and how everything comes in fresh. I could tell he had a direct interest in the restaurant. The restaurant wasn't high end, but we weren't looking for high end so we didn't mind. It looked a bit dated, but some classic long-established restaurants can get by with that.I had a Scallop & Shrimp scampi dish and my wife had fish, and our son ordered the lobster (first time he's tried lobster). My shrimp/scallop scampi was pretty good but the serving was pretty small. A small dish with maybe 4 shrimp and a few scallops drown in butter sauce. The shrimp and scallops seemed fresh so that's a plus. Other than that, the potatoes were just basic boiled red potatoes cut in half with no seasoning and a small bit of rice pilaf. Again tasted okay, but not enough to satisfy. My son didn't care for his lobster all that much. I tried a bite and it seemed a bit rubbery but I only got to sample one of the last bites. My son also ordered the Ceviche and it was pretty good. He liked it.My wife wasn't over impressed with her fish (nor her boiled potatoes).Maybe if we're in the area, we'll try the place again. We didn't hate it, but didn't love it. I was just hoping it would be good enough to make us forget about chain restaurants.
1	Don't have much to say that is positive. My mother, sister, aunt, and myself had lunch here today. An hour after eating we all have terrible stomaches and feel nauseous. I believe the 2 men working were father & son, Pablo & Pablo Jr. The son was the waiter. He had a MAJOR attitude. No smiling and very rude. Definitely did not make us feel appreciated as customers. Daddy needs to shake him or fire him! Daddy Pablo did smile, checked on us once, and thanked us for coming in. The menu is not elaborate and the prices are high for lunch (unless you want fish & chips or a sandwich). Needless to say, we will not be returning. NOTE TO DADDY PABLO: Do not allow JR to work without you being there. He will run off all your customers.
1	where do i begin IT SUCKS! the old man who owned it used to be so good but his kids blow! I don't normaly yelp but as a chef I have to report the worst! I went in here ordered three apps (super small)  and two drinks and got charged 30.00 bucks which normally wouldnt be a problem but for the owners kid texting out of uniform at the hostess stand (as the boss). The bartender arguing with the servers over my meal about cleanup duties (totally unprofessional) as well as getting a oysters rockefeller with powdered hollandaise protrayed as mornay and boxed frozen spinach totally ruined any food quality as well as ambiance. They also got the order  wrong when we were the only couple in there, where is a manager, oh yeah texting his girlfriend with his sideburns not caring about his customers. they should be out of business for charging the prices they do for the crap they are serving. In the end if you have no taste in seafood and want to drop a 100.00 bill go there otherwise go to any chain seafood spot you will do better, shame on you seafood market, won't be back.
2	First time here I ordered the Clam Chowder bread bowl. I've had better clam chowder out of a can. If you like blah pricey seafood this is your place. Customer service is friendly but not very helpful.
1	My husband and I went there recently.  We are new to the area, so we looked up reviews re: this place.  People had great things to say.  Unfournately, our dining experience was awful. First, the Seaford Specialties were not so special.  I had the broiled jumbo shrimp platter with red potatoes.  The shrimp was not jumbo (stringy) and the red potatoes were boiled brown idaho.My husband had the surf and turf. Steak was leathry and fried shrimp were out of a frozen box. Also, his side dish was to be rice pilaf. This was not the case.  It was some sort of microwavable rice.  All of the items on our dishes tasted like forzen cheap food.  The place looks great.  Food garbage.We did not send anything back.  Due to the fact I do not trust any employee.I sent an email the next day to the restaurant.  Let's just say their slow to repsond.I DO NOT RECOMEND THEIS PLACE AT ALL!
5	Favorite place to go for seafood and the clam chowder is the best around. We also love the intimate feeling about this place, very relaxing after a stressful day of work.
3	Good enough, if you order the right stuff. My recommendation is you stick with the Ahi or the clam chowder. Get too adventurous and it is a miss.
4	Good seafood! Not to much in the way of atmosphere, though!
5	Always fresh; always good.  A great family owned local establishment; a rare find these days and so great to still have them with us after all these years.
2	We ate there twice last week and will never eat there again.  We are from Casa Grande and went to a movie nearby and before we left I searched out seafood restaurants nearby.  This one looked good, and it was.  The second time my wife had a doctors appointment nearby, it was in the afternoon, so we decided to eat there again after a positive experience the first time.  Bad Choice.  The lunch menu prices are $1.00 less than the dinner menu.  We wanted the same items as we had on our first visit.  Scallops and oysters.  The lunch menu doesn't include salad or chowder.  Salad and Chowder is $2.50 extra on the lunch menu.  So you end up paying more at lunch for the same meal as on the dinner menu.  when I told the server we were disappointed, she sent the owner over.  What a pompous idiot.  I wont go into what he said. but he certainly did not try to please the customer.  I'd rate this place 4 stars for food and no stars for the the owner's attitude.  The host tried to smooth things over, but they wont see us again.  Our favorite Seafood restaurant is the Bluewater Grill.  Further away and more costly, but management goes out if it's way to make you happy.  At the Seafood Market they insult the customer.  NO THNAKS!!!!!!!
1	My wife and I visited for our anniversary, hoping for a great seafood dinner. We left incredibly disappointed overall. We were seated right away but it took nearly 10 minutes for our server to greet us and take our drink order, two iced teas. It then took about 10 minutes just to bring us our drinks, despite it not being terribly busy. Our server then left and took 10 more minutes before coming back to take our order and was not very friendly, looking like this was the last place she wanted to be. We ordered stuffed mushrooms as an appetizer, and placed our entree orders, in fear we would have to wait forever. I ordered the halibut and my wife ordered a shrimp and scallop scampi. Our appetizer was decent, not great. We opted for soup, clam chowder, for our entree side which was actually pretty good. Our dinners then came and things went downhill quickly. My plate included halibut, seafood pasta, and vegetables. The vegetables were clearly frozen and out of a bag. Very disappointing already. The seafood pasta was crab (possibly krab) mixed with rotini noodles. It was OK at best. The halibut was a nice sized portion but did not taste good at all. It tasted old if that even makes sense. My wife's dish was better than mine, but very salty. The scallops were rubbery and not cooked well.All of this cost us $60 without tip or any drinks from the bar. If the food were delicious I'd be fine with this, but sadly you can get a better meal at red lobster *cringes* or if you were to cook at home. The service was poor which did not help any. For comparison, I went to Four Peaks Brewing today, ordered a stuffed rainbow trout entree for $16 (half what I paid at Seafood Market) and it was leaps and bounds better...from a brew pub! That should be embarrassing to Seafood Market. I definitely would not return here.
1	Well, I haven't sent my entire meal back in years, but I did today. I ordered the clam chowder, which tasted just a step above Campbell's. And I got the fresh Halibut with red potatoes and veggies. Besides the fact that the halibut was terribly over cooked, I have actually never in my life tasted more bland, tastless food. Ever. Like zero flavor. I ate a couple bites and told the waiter how terribly bland it all was. I almost laughed out loud when his response was "well, I can see the seasoning salt all over it." Then I left.
3	I think the best I could rate this is "OK".  After moving here from the east coast, I've been trying hard to find a seafood restaurant that would satisfy my cravings... Unfortunately I don't think this one is it.  The quality of the seafood was about average, and the way it was prepared was not that amazing...  If you're looking for seafood in the east valley, this probably won't be your favorite, but it won't be your least favorite either.
2	I have been going to this restaurant for years, all 3 locations. That being said, I am done with them.Last week I took two people with me and got there for Happy Hour. During the noshing on peel and eat shrimp we started talking to the bartender about the food. When I said it was so uneven on quality and preparation during different visits he asked if they were busy during my "bad" dining experiences. I said half and half, he told me that when they are busy the experience suffers. I asked him if the price was also reduced due to quality issues. He laughed, I was not joking, so...85 dollars later, I left Happy Hour vowing never to return....
4	Went here for the first time on my birthday.  We ordered calamari, oysters rockafeller, mussels and clams casino for appetizers.   Superb! Loved that the calamari was lightly breaded.  The clams casino were a different take on clams.I ordered Clam Chowder with my meal, which was ample with clams and potatoes.  It was almost as good as the chowder as I had in Plymouth, MA just a month earlier. I've read some of the reviews below about the chowder, and there may be inconsistencies.  But I'm glad I got a good batch.For dinner, I ordered the Pasta Primavera, which had a lot of clams, mussels, shrimp and fish, but also was overwhelming with vegetables that were undercooked.  But it was a big plate of food.  Others at the table ordered the Harvest Platter (which was eaten in full) and 2 orderrs of the Linguini with Baby Clams.  Nobody sent back their food, and our server was very attentive and fulfilled all of our needs.  He frequently stopped by the table to ask if we needed anything. Definitely will be back.
2	We went here a few weeks ago, and was so not impressed. The service was ok, wasn't bad, but wasn't stellar. The food was bland. Mostly the ambience is outdated and not very clean. This place needs to be revamped! It needs a total face lift and menu overhaul. I will not be coming back anytime soon!
5	I've eaten lunch here twice, and both times the food and service were excellent. I had the fish and chips both times--once the salmon, and once the cod. The fish and fries were cooked to perfection, crisp and light. The bread is outstanding. My mom, with whom I've eaten here both times, says that she and my dad used to come here just for the bread, it's so good. I can see why!Both times I've gone, it's been a very light crowd, but my mom was stunned that we were able to get a table. She says that during snowbird season it's usually a mob scene and impossible to get a table. I guess it's a little early in the season yet for that to happen. ;-)
3	The shrimp is good and fresh. Please has decent seafood that is well prepared. The kids menu is more of an afterthought, just something they threw on there to shut the kids up that cant eat seafood. This place is good, just don't bring the kids!
4	Not sure where all the bad reviews are coming from. It's a laid back kind of Seafood place. I'm from the NW and I've had some damn good seafood in my life. This is not the best but it's the best I've had in this land locked state. Were not on Pier 8 overlooking the ocean or Puget Sound. This is Phoenix. Phoenix may have a TON of sushi restaurants but not so much in the classic fresh fish department. Chowder is good. I've read some reviews comparing it to Canned soup. It's good. The pasta primavea is excellent, stuffed with mussels, clams, fish and shrimp. Fish and Chips are awesome. Name another place you can get good fish and chips in Gilbert. Can you? I can't. Please let me know if you do.  Dinner for two with drinks, appetizer, chowder, salad and main course. $55. Not bad.
3	Nothing to write home about. I ate there tonight and was not impressed. Mostly locals with their hoochie mammas getting ready to go out on a Friday night. Not sure if it is even worth a second try...
2	The place was  pretty busy on a Thursday night so I had some high hopes but in this case Yelps overall rating is about right - to a little generous if you are into food even just a little.We ordered oysters on the half shell and while they tasted fine enough they served them to us covered with ice... Ah yeah, just a little presentation issue.I then ordered one of their specials the sea bass with veggies.  About a 3" x 3" 1/2" thick piece...  The fish tasted fine but the veggies were sad steamed limp gross looking things.   Again, the presentation was horrendous.  Just a piece of fish and some nasty veggies I wouldn't serve my dog.The chowder was the best thing I had here.I wouldn't waste my time or money here unless you know what you're getting into.  If you're looking for fried food I'm sure this will fit the bill.Our Server did a good job and treated us well.
4	Waitress was very knowledgeable about flavors of fish which is great for fish newbies like me.
3	My wife and I were taking our newborn to a Dr appointment in Mesa when we realized it was our 18th anniversary.  I had been wanting to take her here, so we stopped in on the way home.The place is not fancy but it is comfortable and clean.The waitress made some suggestions (salmon, swordfish or halibut).  My wife had the pollock fish and chips, I had the swordfish and my son had the chicken nuggets.  My wife and I had the chowder also.The clam chowder was my alltime favorite ( I would come here again just for a bowl) and ranked high for my wife.  The chowder had a broth that tasted of veggies and clam and was very well seasoned.  The bread they served was nice and soft.  My beer(SN Torpedo) and my wife's iced tea were good.The swordfish came "lightly seasoned", perfectly cooked, and very fresh. I had to add more salt and pepper.  My wife enjoyed her panko Pollock.  The fries were decent but seriously under-seasoned as were the chicken tenders.  Most of the food could have used a good dash of larger flake salt and maybe some freshly ground pepper (and I don't like a lot of salt.My baked potato was fine but could have used some chives and some seasoning, it is served whole and you split it yourself.  Sour cream and butter are provided.  The veggie side was BLAND BLAND BLAND.  Perfectly steamed zucchini and carrots with no seasoning,no herbs, no oil, no butter.   The veg was the biggest let down of the mean some seasoned olive oil or butter would have gone a long way.  I am a veggie fan and appreciate the good sized serving.  With a little more attention to seasoning this place could easily be a 4 star place.
2	The food and service were cafeteria quality - the prices were high end. The vegetables were soaking wet from the steamer bag in the microwave. The Homemade chowder was clearly ordered from Sysco.  The 11.99 I paid for pasta turned out to be a lil cup of pasta in a wide shallow dish to make it seem like something. The server was ridiculous and ran from me after saying "you ready?" This place is a joke. Stay away!!!
1	Food, service and lighting are reminiscent of Denny's on a bad night. The wine glass was so small it was distracting. Too bad, so little competition in the area.
5	These guys do a good job and the owner is extremely nice and seems to be a genuine guy. The service has always been excellent and the selection of seafood is fantastic.
4	14 of us ate here this past Friday night and everyone loved what they ordered.  The crab cakes were good,  the escargot was great. Clam chowder very good, and there were lots if clams in it. I ordered the scallop and shrimp scampi and it was excellent.  Highly recommend this place for your seafood fix. Our waitress was the best.  Serving 14 rowdy guests is not easy but she had such a flair and made it a wonderful experience.  Highly recommend this little jewel
3	This place is very classy. I'm not sure if the influx of people has anything to do with the nearby retirement home or the season of snowbirds. But they flock to this place. Having read about it in phoenix magazine I added it to my bookmark and started to explore. The fish is fresh and served a variety of ways. Oyesters in the half shell beats the price anywhere else. I ended up with the harvest which was all deep fried. Not what I wanted really but it was equally delicious. They have a great wine selection and decent beer on tap. I look forward to coming back and trying something not deep fried (although good) on their menu.
