3	Although I 100% trust Joke's tastebuds ..if you've had Prince Street, Flushing Pho Bac or Pho Bang in Emhurst.. Pho Bac 97 isn't as good in flavors or clean. Not to be a snotty brat but it only made sense that when us three Queens girls treck it over here to Montreal's Chinatown but only from St. Denis (no biggie) to try this place (all over the tour books) we weren't too impressed.I believe the Sriracha and Fish sauce were in containers too... so no squirt bottle action.  The decor made me feel like I was in a sad hardworking Alaskan family's restaurant. I can't imagine it in the Summer.None of us got the vermicelli or rice plates but the only way I could explain it is that if those other spots I mentioned boiled their broth for 5+ hours then this place only did 2... So if you're far from this location .. I'm pretty sure any other Vietnamese place around town will be the same.The servers were all friendly gangster men and one of the main guys even gave us his card in case we wanted to go to any "asian parties".. I believe his name was Chino or something close.
4	After a weary long day of travel and walking between New York State and crossing the Canadian border, our tour bus of thirty five Americans worked up an appeitie for dinner. We came here after having a very bad taste of McDonald's for lunch. Vietnamese Pho is good comfort food as I enjoy noodle soup. The staff is somewhat attentive to our table but were mistakening give our table one combined check. My Mom and I were sitting with our tour bus group along with our guide which the waiter automatically assume we would get one combined bill.  Not! When we were finished with our meal I requested the check in Canto which the waiter instructed to go to the cashier (without any ticket or paper bill). Luckily the staff speaks Cantonese, Mandarin, English and of course French.  Multi-lingual opens doors indeed! Cash only as Pho Bac 97 does not accept credit cards in any format. They do accept American dollars with change in Canadian.
2	This place was blah. This is the problem when you don't do any advanced research on restaurants before you go to a destination. Plus, when you ask people on the street for pho and they aren't Asian, they automatically send you to the local Chinatown. Oh well, lesson learnt. I looked up this place on the Yelp app on the crackberry. It came up and it looked okay. I actually was intrigued by Annie P.'s review on this place about the Asian party. We were hoping that the Asian gangster would give us four Asian brethren ideas on where the fun places were to go. But that didn't happen. Obviously the kind of party they were offering Annie P. isn't the kind of party we're invited to. The place is like any other standard Pho place. All of them have the standard white lacquer table and dinner chairs with the plasticy chopsticks and spoons sitting at the table. Ordered the Pho Dac Biet; the usual I get at any pho restaurant. The food came fast...standard. The soup was frickin hot, but unfortunately I can't say that the flavor was anything worthwhile. Was a little disappointed. We were craving some good pho after a few days of the gnarly rubbish the locals called food. We were hoping for an Asian saving grace in some local pho, but no joy. Well, it was filling and standard in price like $6 USD. It is in the heart of Chinatown (given that their Chinatown is like 2 square blocks). And of course China and Vietnam are the same.... right..... There were a couple places across the street that looked to be more popular by number of people in them, but they were all Caucasian with a couple Asians, so not sure if they were any good. My suggestion is to just find the one with the most or best looking Asian people and eat there. That way you'll at least get the pleasure of being with others with a similar taste profile and can maybe get that hookup to a nice Asian party in the area.
3	on the second day of our visit over memorial day weekend, it was rainy.  though it wasn't cold, it was the perfect day for a bowl of pho!  the place was somewhat small but it accommodated the weekend lunchtime crowd.  service was friendly and fast.  i've never had a bad bowl of pho and this place didn't disappoint.  the broth was perfect and the ratio of meat to noodles was appropriate.  the eggrolls were good too!i suppose that the true test of a restaurant is whether natives eat there and after seeing the number of vietnamese people patronizing this place, it's safe to say that pho bac is pretty good.
3	Good for a warm meal on an awful day.Service was quick and my meal was hot and yummy! One downside about this place is that the least popular dishes/soups come out a bit lukewarm. I would recommend ordering something that is popular that way it comes out HOT! I'm surprised that the staff speaks four different languages! FOUR! French, English, Cantonese and Vietnamese! Amazing!In a tourist area this place was fast and cheap! I would come again if I were around the area!
5	Hands down the best pho I've had. Period. Full stop. I feel bad even writing about this place because it's hard enough to get seated during the lunch and dinner rush. *tip* have the pho tai w/ a side of extra beef. The meat isn't your usual frozen inside round cut - it's fresh, tasty and mouth watering.  Thank me later.
3	Not bad. Just a little less impressive than Pho Bang for the area. Less busy place too, so if you want a more calm meal that is nearly as good, this is a great option. Very enjoyable. You won't find a lot of white people here, and that's a good thing.Comfortable in French, English or Vietnamese.If you can only go to one place, go to Pho Bang. if You can go to two, this is number 2 =)
5	When it comes to Pho, I'd like to think I'm an expert. Sure I might not be Vietnamese, and I'm still not sure whether Pho is pronounced Ph-oh or Ph-uh, but I've been slurping up these delicious noodles since I was 8 years old, and so me and Pho are well acquainted. Pho Bac is the BEST Pho you're going to get in Chinatown - wait no, scratch that. Pho Bac is the best Pho you're going to get in the whole of downtown, and it's not just good sometimes like some of these other Pho places - it's good ALL THE TIME - like they've mastered the art of making Vietnamese broth. The waiters are really nice and friendly, and in the 6-7 years I've been going there, they have never once skimped out on the portions, not even during the recession.Make sure you go a little bit before or a little bit after prime meal times, or you'll be waiting in line for hours.That's how good it is.
5	Amazing. I've had pho like it's meant to be, according to my Vietnamese friend, in California, and this is just as good, at least to my tastebuds. I've looked for a place like this in New York, and I don't think there is one. My father had never had pho before, and he said he has a new favorite food.The place even looks like it's supposed to, sort of cafeteria-style, almost. Portions are generous, and the price is pretty reasonable. Less than $10 for a bowl, several sizes available.I had the chicken, and my father had the beef, and they were both great. We also tried the shrimp spring rolls (not the fried kind, the kind that's often called "summer rolls") and they were great as well. They used iceberg lettuce though, and it was a little wilted.It's very casual. The tables have numbers, there are stacks of chopsticks and spoons on the table, and you pay at the front.
3	If you're freezing or nursing a cold or a hangover, pho is our household's go-to remedy. It was -15C / 5F out so we blazed our way here for a warm bowl of pho. My preference is pho ga (chicken), and after having a bowl of pho ga with beef broth at one place and another place that didn't have any chicken broth, I was very excited when the waiter gave me a "of course, we have chicken broth!" look. Third times a charm. After taking my first sip of my soup, ahhh, it hit the spot!  I was a little disappointed that I'd had whiffs of bleach even after the usual ritual wipe down of utensils. They also didn't have coriander. Cilantro and pho ga go together like salt on fries. It just gives it that extra umph. Nevertheless, the meat portions are generous and the soup is hearty. I've had way worse and better ones. Have to admit, it's also pretty impressive when the guys who work here are switching between all the different languages. It's only my 3rd pho joint in Montreal so I'd like to try others before I come back, and I'd definitely come back!
5	Montreal is packed with fabulous restaurants, but this no frills spot on Rue St-Laurent in the red light district is one of the best.  Paradoxically, it is also one of the cheapest.  I have been coming here for over ten years now and fortunately nothing has changed.  Every time I visit I worry that it will either have closed or gone downhill, and every time it surpasses even my best memories. The food is incredible, the staff is extremely nice, and the price is right.I always order combination B1, but with fresh shrimp spring rolls instead of imperial rolls (they are very accommodating here).  This combination includes strips of tender chicken sauteed with lemongrass and chili with sticky white rice, fresh shrimp spring rolls with two fantastic dipping sauces, and a spectacular Vietnamese beef and vermicelli soup.Every one of these things is out of this world.  The lemongrass chicken is tender, succulent, and just a tad bit spicy.  This is served with crisp veggies and perfectly cooked sticky white rice that provides a nice antidote to the spice.  The shrimp spring rolls are fresh, flavourful, and  paired with both a sweet vinegary sauce with carrots and cabbage and a homemade sweet and crunchy peanut sauce so crazy good you'll want to dip everything into it.  And just when you thought it couldn't get any better, the beef soup ('Tonkinoise' in French) is perhaps the most delicious thing of all: a generous portion of incredibly tender, wonderfully flavorful beef strips floating in a jaw-dropping lemongrass broth with crisp green onions, soft vermicelli noodles and fresh cilantro.It isn't fancy, but Pho Bac is definitely worth making a special trip for.
3	I agree with the reviewers who state that this is a solid, but unspectacular place for Pho.  This is from my opinion as a Seattle native, Vietnamese-born, picky foodie.  As with most Vietnamese restaurants in Chinatown/International District locales, the seating is humble, the restrooms are dirty, the service is decent, and you would be wise to wipe down your eating utensils prior to using them.  This is par for the course, and indeed, I feel less than comfortable eating a dish in a fancy place when it is traditionally served from stools on the ground.  So forget all that.  How's the food?The Pho broth here has an initial rich, floral scent and taste, but unfortunately, it doesn't last.  The aftertaste tastes strongly of MSG and lacks anise and a good meat base.  The noodles were oddly cool compared to the soup.  Not undercooked, mind you.  And certainly not overcooked to the point of bursting and falling apart.  The variety of meats was good.  They could have been sliced more thinly.  The garnishes were decent, with lime, bean sprouts, and Thai basil.  Pho places get extra points in my book when they include culantro ("ngo gai").  The vegetables seemed quite fresh and fragrant.  So all in all, Pho Bac 97 is a pretty good place.  Perhaps I had an off-day, but I was their first customer that day, so doubtful.
3	Craving pho so checked this place out based on reviews and proximity. Pho was so-so. Meat looked questionable, even green under the light(!). I would give this place another try for some of their other dishes, but the pho is not the reason you should try this place.
5	Not to sound dramatic, but I think this is the restaurant I've been the most to in my life.In saying that, I agree that the no-frills atmosphere and good food are consistent with these folks. Ingredients are fresh, portions are generous. So many empty bellies filled over the years; so many successful rendez-vous' here.Really, there's no way for me to fully express my deep love for Pho Bac 97.
4	As I was downtown I decided to stop in for a warm Pho or Bun (Vermicelli).  One this fine evening I ordered #3 the pork fried spring rolls with a #22 Chicken vermicelli.  The vermicelli came out just as expected with a huge whopping serving with a good mix of veg and meat!  The only thing it could have used more would be a bit more mint!  Delish knish!  Price is very inexpensive for the quality and amount!  Good thing I ate at 4:30 PM as I will need all night to digest!  :)
4	Great deal, caring service, and somewhat different soup in my pho experience. Delish thin rice noodles in perfection :D loved the temperature of my pho. Will come back soon!
4	There were actually several pho restaurants around here, and since I only came to visit I'm not sure how good this place is compared to other pho places in the area. The place is not that clean to be frank, definitely clean your utensils, cups, etc. its also relatively small, around 15 tables? I actually like this place the most out of all pho places I've been to. I only ordered the rice dish which was really good, but the pho judging from what other people said at my table, the pho is good as well. Overall the food is great, just the place isn't as nice.
5	One of my favorite pho places. The food is cheap, wide selection on the menu and they give good portions. They also serve you hot tea, which is provided without additional charge. It's a good casual place to bring friends to sit around and eat, or to get a cheap bite to eat.
4	I'll keep it simple. It's winter, it's cold... I want soup, and Pho Bac 97 is my go-to pho place. Go for the beef pho with tribe with the classic ingredients: tendon, tripe, &meatballs. Because I only go there with one dish in mind, I am always satisfied.
4	Consistant as always noodles are awesome. If your going for decor this is not the place for you. More like a hole in the wall with great noodles. Service is your typical chinatown service which translates to nothing special. But the food is there and so is the Quantity. I once ordered thier large bowl of noodles and rolled outta there!!! Never again!! Stick to the medium as that too is huge.
5	This place is the best place to eat in Chinatown. Every thing is amazingly fresh and taste great. Best pho soup ever and not to talk about the size of them. Service is great, fast and they are super friendly. The prices are awesome you can eat a LOT for very cheap.Don't let the look of the place fool you because you will be missing out for sureA MUST GO!!!
3	When you've eaten multiple thousands of calories in poutine for lunch, sometimes you need liquid for dinner that has nothing to do with gravy.The atmosphere was blah, but the food was tres yum. I tried the beef pho, a chicken curry and the spring rolls. The pho was served in huge portions, so unless your stomach is able to hold more than a gallon of soup I'd suggest sizing way down. The prices were reasonable. and the food was hot and good. The chicken curry was spicier (and therefore more delicious) than I'd first anticipated.The spring rolls were disappointing for 2 reasons. The first being that they came out 30 seconds before the rest of the food, leaving us no time to eat them, and the second is that I really just didn't like the taste of these spring rolls and I can't put my finger on why. They were bland and just not what I wanted. What I wanted was a fried spring roll, and I didn't realize these weren't fried. They were also huge, each the size of a small burrito. The service was friendly and prompt and besides the spring rolls not showing up as an app, I had no problems. You have to go up to the counter to pay though, so don't wait around for a check at your table!
5	This is a diamond in the rough! We did a quick search of the best food along the main Chinatown strip and Pho Bang New York popped up. That place wasn't satisfying enough so we did a quick search again and found Pho Bac! The food was great! No skimming on portions and friendly staff. Everything was quick and pleasant. We're going back just because of how wonderful of an experience it was. I definitely recommend this place and it's cheaper than Pho Bang and right across the street! Cross the street and have much better food!
3	Pho is good,but the place is not cleaned..good price,it's the best pho in Chinatown ,but it's not the best in montreal..
4	Self proclaimed Pho Enthusiast and this place would be my favourite for a downtown location. The pho here is definitely the best on the strip with good portion sizes. The spring rolls and imperial rills are also good- however I believe some of the other phos on the strip might be a little better in that regard. Also, the bun bo hue here is satisfactory but nothing I would order again ( something Montreal pho is lacking) . Anyhow, for Pho this is the spot you want to be at on Saint Laurent and within the dowtown, old port, chinatown, even plateau area for that matter... Once you head toward the mile end there are a few that can rival Pho Bac.
1	Attitudes not good.Service could've been  better. Waiter was not anxious to explain the menu. I do enjoy PHO and this was truly just average.my wife ordered the pork and shrimp and it contained only two shrimp. They only take cash. I ordered a spring roll and the waiter told me that they were out of them. 10 minutes later I saw them serving it to someone else. I won't be back.
5	AMAZING!  My husband and i have been "take out" from here for the past year.  Always SO relish- and zero mistakes on our order. Always order the Pho Soup- w beef and an order of  spring rolls.  We decided to stray this week and try recomended Pho Lein which had great reviews.  SUCH a disapointment. When we got home, unwrapped the beef to put into the soup - it was already pre cooked? UGH. The beef was fatty and tasteless. Pho Bac- great portion sizes, fresh taste, and delish! Be prepared w/ cash only and time to look for parking
