4	The white pizza is the only reason we ever eat there, and we ALWAYS take out. When we did eat in the dining area, the service was odd. I wasn't sure if  there was a waitstaff or I had to go to the window and pick up my food. The white pizza is where its at.
4	Say what little server girl?!  You don't have oregano?!  Really?!  Wow!Please learn that one of the members of the herb trinity in Italian food is just what I needed to add to the pie with pepperoni, sausage, and olives!  Getting past the shock of no oregano ( which by the way was upon second request from another server mysteriously available), I soon discovered the reality of boneless wings which do not taste like compounded paper product in tangy sauce!  I really enjoyed these and plan on having them again really soon sans ranch sauce.This place is economical and I thought that my order was going to be full of errors because I could not believe how inexpensive the food was.  A pleasant surprise.  I really loved this about the place.  ALSO, these guys deliver in the Maricopa area and should be giving Dominos and Pizza Hut a good run for the customers...
5	Excellent pizza. Real Italian sausage! Made specifically for this resteraunt. Also the honey hot wings are fantastic if your into the bastardization of the original buffalo wing.
4	I really like this place over Pizza Hut or Dominoes because the pizza is excellent and well priced The pizza from here isn't gross like other pizza places/chainsit tastes authentic and freshly madeWhen we order pizza, we only order from hereWe also get the wings usually we ask for extra sauce because if you don't they don't put much on them Other than that, its greatIt take anywhere from 20-30 minutes for delivery for us
5	This place makes some awesome pizza!  I read the reviews and everyone talked about how great the White Pizza was so I tried that and then just a plain jane Pepperoni.  The White pizza has a bunch of different types of cheese and is almost more like cheesy bread with crust than pizza, but still yummy nonetheless.  The Pepperoni was one of the best I've had, it had great flavor, just the right amount of sauce and the crust was very good too.The only thing that kind of sucks about them is that they stop taking delivery orders at 10:00 which is a bit earlier than I'm used to but I guess I probably shouldn't be eating that late anyway.....
1	Recently made a quick late night visit to this place after work on Friday.  Ordered small pepperoni pizza not having eaten anything else since lunch.  I asked for oregano again and again, the agent at the front did not know what it was!  Sadly, at 5am I was virtually vomiting viciously most of the day!  Then the next day, I was drained and dragging with a major headache and the runs.  The third day I was again reduced to wondering what made me eat at a place that did not know what oregano even is!  I think the use of food service gloves and genuine health precautions may have been compromised.  I am not happy and will never ever attend this venue again... no matter how hungry!!!
5	Its a chain but its a good one.  Always consistent and always good.  Sure there is better pizza out there but I always crave some Barro's at least once a month.***This is always on delivery or carryout.
4	Always good pizza, close to home and they serve beer and wine.  Plus my kids can play video games and husband can watch the game.
4	This has to be the best pizza in town. I love ordering from them and have never had a problem.
3	We like Barro's but this location was not as good as some of the others. I would go back, but I prefer the location in Mesa or Gilbert better.
3	The pizza is always good, but the service is never friendly. Whether I call in an order or place in person I have yet to see one worker at the counter smile! I would like a smile with my pizza please!
4	Best Pizza for the price.  I was so relieved to see Barro's when I first moved to Maricopa.  If you are looking to get some top tier cheap pizza look no further.  I must frequent this place at least once a month, when I lived in Phoenix it was 2-3 times a month.Great pizza on the cheap look no further than Barro's.
3	Average pizza, good selection of pies.  Not my favorite, but I've had worse.
4	Pretty damn good pizza... I really liked the veggie one. Crust taste hot and fresh, even the outer portion that no one eats is really good. Service was friendly but pizza coming out was pretty slow. There are always coupons for this place so the price is pretty good. All in all, I am pretty happy I finally tried this place and I will return.    :)
1	Still sickening. Really. I got sick twice here. I tried this place again because other friends of mine say that they really like it.  Apparently, they are not eating at the one in Maricopa.  I should know better when they still do not know what oregano is when I ask for it.  I recently also went to a Barro's in Mesa and I had not a problem.  It was fabulous!  So maybe it is JUST this one... I am just unlucky here?
4	I love the pizza and the wings. Big meaty wings very good sauce. Pizza is awesome great cheese and sauce. only complaint is that the girls they have working their are very lazy the place is always trashed, litter all over floor and tables and booths, while they just stand their and chit chat.
4	Pizza was very good, wings were addictive. Will repeat
4	Good place.  Tasted Great. Great Delivery.  On time.
3	Good pizza, we had a salad first, fresh and crispy, then a all meat pizza which was good but not the best I've ever had. Reason for 3 stars is, paper cups and you get your drinks yourself, kinda cheesy for such a nice place.
1	Pizza it's always good.  However this place really needs an update or refurbishment on booths.  And they had music playing overhead that was more annoying than anything; lots of static.Music, static and kids tv noise doesn't work!Last but not least.  Guy that took my order had Attitude Attitude Attitude.
4	Great Pizza, ordered in and were impressed by service but more importantly... Very impressed by the pizza!
2	Had a pizza from here not happy with it at all looked like a nice place I took my pizza to go so I did not get a chance to rate there service but I can rate the pizza very poor
4	Pizza is always great, love the wings. it's a busy place. The booths need some TLC. Very reasonable prices.
4	Really good pizza prices are eh they need more specials like Pizza Hut runs and some of the staff needs to be more friendly but pizza is always great!
3	Pizza good . Wings good . Now the RR can use a little up GRADE ! OMG  I was sitting and felt like I was sinking to the ground and the seats very uncomfortable.  Felt like I was sitting on a 4x4 wood board . Other then that the 3stares for good food , would have giving four Starr but in desperate need of a make over . Can we say call restaurant impossible for help !
3	We got a coupon for a free pizza in our "welcome to the neighborhood " package when we moved to Maricopa. Coming from the Chicago area I was not expecting much and can say I was pleasantly surprised. Pretty darn good pizza at a reasonable price. But this is definately a take out joint. The restaurant is beat and in desperate need of a makeover. Service is indifferent at best.I work in Chandler and will call my order in on my way home on Saturday night. Saturday is a busy night so I'm on hold for a while and may have a short wait when I get there.
1	After ordering two sandwiches my husband picked them up and came home with a bunch of hot wings.  We called and informed them of their mistake and they asked us to bring the wings back when we  got the correct food.  He had to drive back and return them and asked them to remake the sandwiches, not knowing where our food had gone...........since someone elses wings were in my kitchen. .  They offered 20 percent off the next order for the inconvience, how thoughtful!  We both worked 12 hours and just wanted to eat and relax and not be harrassed.  Once the sandwiches got home again it was clear that the italian sub had been opened and then rewrapped and as stated on the ticket he wanted it hot and it was cold and never had been hot.  Very shabby Barro's Pizza.  20% is a slap in the face when you offer coupons for the same amount.  Next time????  Some day Maricopa will have competition and restaurants like you will have to step up their game.  Shame on you Barro's, shame on you managers at Barro's .  A former customer.
4	It's always yummy pizza and the have gluten free pizza as well. Nothing like a cold beer and a delicious pizza on a hot AZ day.
4	Best pizza spot in Copa. Always has great wings. Allot better than Nasty Native New Yorker.
3	The pizza is fantastic! Wings are average-good. Service sucks.Tonight`s delivery was 28 min late and when I called to check on it, the teenage girl on the phone made Zero effort to apologize or even let me finish my sentence. Unfortunately this is a typical experience from Barro's delivery. I just don't think they staff enough drivers,  but they won't tell you 90 min when you place your orderUpdate: We're here for a dine-in lunch today. The lunch special slices were good and for the right price too. Wings were tasty today.
4	I eat here all the time. Barro's makes a damn tasty pizza. This location stays pretty clean. My only reservation is the service. The staff at this location is very mixed. Quite often when ordering a pizza on the phone, I'll get forgotten while on hold. That usually happens when Raven takes my call. I have much better luck with Ruby. As far as I am concerned, the owner should not allow anyone else, but those three to interact with customers! The service is the only thing that kept me from rating them at five stars.
2	Good pizza... When they get it right. This pizza joint used to be great but after 4 consecutive bad pizzas I have given up. They don't really care about the customer feedback as nothing changed.
5	Best quality and most flavorful pizza in Maricopa.  Original and thin crust are both great and the quality is consistent.  We order delivery regularly and, even though we live pretty far out in Maricopa, our order is still always nice & hot and the delivery drivers are always friendly.  The coupons in the local paper make it as affordable as other chains but the quality here makes it a far better value.  We've been into the restaurant once and had a perfectly fine experience there.  It's a pizza place, not a fine dining restaurant, and the pizza is so good that we couldn't care less about the decor.
4	Great find! Passing through on a business trip and oh my this place is amazing! Chicago style pizza, stacked with cheese, full of flavor and worth the wait!
5	Back up to 5 stars, our last few experiences have been good ones. The pizza is consistently fantastic,  just the service that varies a bit. I chalk it up to new employees learning the ropes. The dining room could use a remodel but I would rather have casual booths with good food than a fancy table and average food.
4	They arrived twenty minutes earlier then anticipated on a Monday afternoon. Which is great! Pizza was yummy big Italian sausage. Garden salad OK but was hoping for a little more then just tomatoes and cheese with croutons. Perhaps some olives and a slice or two of red onion would be good. The gentleman on the phone was very pleasant which I appreciate. It's nice to talk to someone who seems to genuinely like their job. This is second round of ordering since moving here and I'm happy to have a good pizza place around. Thanks!
