4	I love this place. FRESH HOMEMADE Horchata!! Nothing powder and fake like other places. The carne asada tacos are delicious. The caldo is a wonderful treat that taste just like your mother made it. I recently had the menudo and I will rate it a 3 star. Needs a bit more sal and just a punch of a little more hotter red chile. Although, I would buy it again. All in all, this place leaves Filibertos or any "Betos" places like Filibertos, macayos, garcias, south of the border, etc......in the DUST!!!The place is clean and  there is an outdoor sitting area as well. The staff is friendly and the music gives the place a nice touch.
5	Best Mexican food I ever had. Very authenthic. Highly recommend.
5	The tacos with pastor are awesome. They seasoning on all of their meat is tasty especially with some horchata to wash it down. Customer service is great, family owned. Everything is reasonably priced. Love to go here as a late night snack. Much better option compared to Jack in the Box or McDonald's.
5	Wow nachos - best nachos anywhere.
5	Good food good price  good location oh and good friendly workers
4	Came in on saturday night looking for late night snack after DODGERS game food was good had the carnitas plate w beans and rice horchata was awesome too good service ! Have lots of stuff on menu ..
4	The taco al pastor is the best i've had. They only serve it on weekends and its made to order. The al pastor meat is slowly spining on a spit and the cook cut the meat as the order comes in. The carne asada burrito is grilled on charcoal and not cooked on a flat top so it has that chared smoky flavor unlike most carne asada around where its cooked on a flat top. This maybe the best mexican restaurant in my opinion. This is my go to mexican restaurant. F*** filiberto!
4	Tried this place tonight on a whim. Food was excellent. Cashier wasn't very customer friendly or patient. May return, but hopefully cashier will be friendlier.
5	I ate here with my mom because we were hungry and looking for something on mc85. I got a quesadilla with shredded beef and it was the biggest quesadilla I've ever seen. There was more meat than cheese and it was big enough that a fork and knife were required. I was really hungry when we got there and was feeling full after I finished the first slice. I also had a churro and it was the best.
3	I go here for the authentic mexican flavors.cabesa,chile verde,buche,lengua,al pastor,asada always on.point in my.book.shrimp.may be overpriced but im.here for tacos and  burritos most.of.the time.love it when.i eat inside and.get the hand.crafted tortillas.well.they taste like fresh made tortillas.whe.im.craving Mexican tacos .ill be there
5	Do not let the look of the building turn you away, the food here is amazing. Food is always amazingly flavorful, and fresh tasting. The staff are very polite, are willing to take special requests that aren't on the menu and make excellent recommendations. The carne asada burrito is my favorite thing on the menu. The meat is spiced, marinated and grilled on site. It comes with guacamole and pico de gallo, I usually just get it with the pico (not a huge fan of avocados) - tastes amazing! They have a fresh salsa bar with lots of toppings you can add to the burrito or what ever you decide to order - the smokey red salsa is incredible. People I've taken tree have also loved the el pastor tacos, breakfast burritos, and many other items.
5	If you are looking for a sub par chain Mexican food restaurant with chips and salsa this is not the place to go. If you want some authentic awesome Mexican food then this is your place. I had the rolled tacos plate and a gordita. Everything was amazing. Service was great and the salsa bar was super clean and had lots of salsa options. Good sized portions and friendly staff. This is for sure on my list of go to places.
5	Breakfast burritos are to die for. Very friendly. A must stop for real authentic Mexican food.
4	Awesome food and super friendly people. They have all sorts of options on the menu and the flavors are spot on. They also have an excellent salsa bar with lots of great options. Can't wait to come back!!
4	Excellent shrimp cocktail and shredded beef tacos....some of the best I've ever had...customer service was very welcoming and friendly
5	Great tasting food!!!! Best tacos I've have had in the Phoenix area!!! I recently moved here from a border city and this is as close as it gets to traditional Mexican food. They have fresh food, great tasting salsas and a very friendly staff! Open 24 hours on the weekends
3	Good food, poor (attitude), but speedy customer service. Try it, but don't expect the help to be too friendly.
