5	I know that Yelp has their own TOS, but I have my own very important rule: Never review a place after going there only once unless you never plan on returning. Now, while I would come back here in a heartbeat, I'm hoping I won't ever NEED to!Yesterday I had some real funky stuff going on with my left eye, and having known someone with a torn retina, I was freaking. I called 5 other offices before Associated, and could not get in anywhere. The gal at the front desk was so sweet and she got me in an hour-and-a-half later!The office itself is beautiful. Clean with comfortable waiting rooms, modern decor, state-of-the-art equipment, and incredibly friendly staff. The technician who dilated my eyes made appropriate and relevant jokes to help relax me and made me very comfortable. The doctor I saw was equally amicable, and incredibly knowledgeable. Overall, I couldn't have asked for a better experience, especially under such stressful conditions. Fortunately I only had a "retinal migraine" and no eye issues, but in the future if I ever have an eye issue... I'll be right back to Associated.They have an optical store attached as well with frames and contacts. HIGHLY recommended.
1	Just moved to town, needed a new eye doctor. I have keratoconus - a medical condition requiring special contacts, and Associated Ophthalmologists said they had specialists for a variety of different conditions including mine. Additionally, they were one of the only offices that could accommodate me in a timely manner. So I made an appointment, came to see them and agree with the other reviewer that yes, their office is beautiful, they have a huge flat screen TV in the office and nice, friendly office staff. I cannot say the same for the doctor or the insurance billing. I didn't receive my contacts for SEVEN WEEKS because the woman forgot to order them, then had to wait for the doctor to write a report (which apparently took a month), then just DIDN'T call me back. I called weekly for the next 6 weeks and she NEVER ONCE called me back, NEVER APOLOGIZED. Worst, I suffered a painful scratched cornea from wearing my ill-fitting hard contacts for too long and have only been able to see out of my right eye for the last 3 days. When I finally got the office manager to deal with this and I went in to pick up my contacts, she was in the office but didn't come out - not even to apologize. In fact, no one apologized. She told the front office staff to simply let me know "she hadn't heard back from the insurance company" about whether they were going to reimburse me for the contacts. The doctor didn't come out to make sure that the new contacts fit properly (as my old doctor used to); I was handed an envelope with the contacts in it and was sent on my way. I called my insurance company immediately upon returning home (rather than yelling at the front office woman whose fault it clearly was not), and I found that no claim was ever filed for the contacts. Instead, Associated Ophthalmologists grossly overcharged my insurance (it could be that my old doctor was undercharging but I'm just not sure how a 20 minute appointment to get a new prescription could cost almost $2000 - and a $30 copay from me, and they're still billing me an additional $50!). Ironically, I paid cash for my special contacts (almost $600) when I was in the office in the beginning of October to get them sooner--she'd originally said 1-2 weeks--instead of waiting for my insurance to cover them. So now I need to find out, on my own, without documentation or a receipt (they failed to give me one), how to get reimbursed from my insurance company for my contacts. I will NOT be going back.Please don't give these people your money, they don't need more expensive paintings for the inside of their Scottsdale offices, or another flat-screen TV for the back room of their office where their insurance staff apparently sits comfortably and ignores patient phone calls.
5	Totally loved this place.  Even though I am not new to Scottsdale, I hadn't established an eye doctor since moving here.  My primary care physician referred me to AZ Eye Specialists, and I'm so glad she did.  They were very accommodating with my schedule, even rearranged to meet my needs.  Every person I interacted with was more than friendly, and I felt very comfortable.  I only needed an annual eye exam, nothing fancy.  I do not have any eye problems, though I do wear contacts.  The whole exam from start to finish was great.  The best part is that they do not use the 'puff test' to analyze the pressure in your eyes, they use a more high-tech, patient-friendly eye dye + light.  After my exam, I stopped to see what kind of frames selection they have, and I was pleasantly surprised to find many that I liked, and the assistant was super nice.  I plan to go back to upgrade my glasses soon.If you're looking for an eye doctor in Old Town Scottsdale, I highly recommend AZ Eye Specialist!
1	I am a new (and now a former) patient and had the worst new patient experience with a health care provider I have ever had.  I am an executive for a large health care provider.  My insurance changed so I had to find a new eye doctor. I simply chose AES because of the location to my work. When I initially called the appointment line, before I was asked my name, I was asked for my DOB.  The day of my appointment, I called to verify I was going to the correct address, again the first question I was asked was, what's your DOB?  My response was I do have a first name you know and then I gave her my first name and then DOB.  Of course she said that is how the system is set up to verify a patient.  I showed up at the office, 3rd street and Osborn.  I was not greeted by Stephanie, she only barked orders to me. There was no hi, hello, can I help you?  I walked up, said my name and I had an appointment.  Her first words were, "I need your ID and insurance card."  Wow, really was my reaction?  I proceeded to give her the demanded items.  The next words were, "I need you to fill these out and bring them back to me while handing me the insurance paper work."  At that point, I almost just walked out because this is not a place I am going to do business with.  But, I filled out the paper work and when I went to give them back, I said here you go.  She was too busy having a conversation with a co worker she did not acknowledge me.  I said again, here you go.  She gave me a dirty look with an expression of disgust and if saying, I heard you the first time.  The never said a word and not even a thank you.  I posted my review on Yelp, I have made a complaint to my insurance company as well.  I will not be back to this location. The entire office seemed to be in a bad mood.
3	Good: Doctor was nice, took the time to explain.Room for improvement: receptionist could be more customer friendly, it's as if she is doing you a favor and she forgot to give me some paperwork I needed.Bad: waited over an 1hr20minutes to see the doctor, but he did apologize.
