5	Friendly and helpful...even when you almost faint during routine blood work. Yep. Thankfully there was an empty examination room nearby and available so I could lay around until I felt less fainty.Each time I've been here, they stick to the schedule. I don't feel rushed when I ask Dr. Ibe questions. She is friendly and patient. I appreciate that! During times when I need to get in immediately, if I can't see Dr. Ibe, I see her PA. They can get you the same day or within a couples days, which I think is great. Hopefully I won't have to go back any time soon, but if I do, I'm confident I won't have any problems getting in.
5	Dr Taylor is the best!
5	Just moved here and have several chronic illnesses to negotiate. Dr. Taylor has been very thorough and empathetic. Never have trouble getting an appointment.
4	i have only been once but I am impressed. Saw Dr. Ibe based on Annie W's review and am so happy to have found a "one stop shop" doctor- know what I mean girls? My whole experience started off a little rocky- they asked me to show up early to fill out paperwork and then the doors were locked due to a staff meeting so I had to sit in my car for 25 mins waiting for them to open at my actual appointment time.Once inside though, things started looking up. The front desk staff was friendly and the process, even as a new patient, was quick and smooth. Wait time was minimal and before I knew it I was back in the room with a super friendly nurse  who took my vitals and whatnot. A few mins later Dr. Ibe came in and I was instantly at ease. I felt super comfortable with her and was asking questions and talking about all of my issues- never feeling rushed. Test results were returned in a timely manner and thoroughly explained. My husband saw another doctor in the practice and had issues getting test results back. He had to call several times before he was able to track someone down who could get them for him and then it took another 4 days or so before he was able to get someone to confirm his prescription for him so he wasn't overly happy. He says that he wants to switch to Ibe and I am encouraging him to do so!
5	I have been seeing Dr. Taylor for 10 years. She is a caring doctor who listens and has always returned calls and been easy to get into see even last minute. Thank you Dr. Taylor:)
1	I wouldn't recommend the two doctors I saw here, Dr. Ibe and Dr.Mueller. Dr.Ibe is one of the worst doctors i've ever seen in my life. She's quick to diagnose with few considerations of your conditions. Every visit with her leaves me feeling unbelievable that diagnosis is this easy and quick, and therefore always INEFFECTIVE. She never diagnosed a problem. Always just prescribed standard medicine and does not do a thorough job or care for her patients. Avoid at all costs.
5	Dr. Mueller was great!!! Very down to earth, listened and helpful. The staff was awesome, didn't even have to sit down, went from reception desk to doctors office ad he came right in! & they give a 40% discount if u don't use insurance!:)
4	Rica greeted me for my appointment and guided me through the patient paperwork and updates. KUDOS to Cheri in the LAB for her professional excellence and pain-free phlebotomy. Cheri you made my day. Clinicians and staffers are professional, caring, and thorough and take the time to understand patient concerns and challenges.
5	Cotswold Medical Clinic is keeping me healthy. Went for labs Monday May 5 and Cheri worked her magic again, no problem getting a blood specimen. Thanks much for being a STAR! Once and done!
4	Lucky me! When Cheri was out of the office Tania provided excellent phlebotomy service. Didn't even know she had started when she told me we were done! Many thanks for your swift and sure support!
