4	This place does not look like much from the outside or the inside for that matter, but the food is awesome and definitely makes up for the lack of ambiance.  It is cheap, great food and very fast.  What more do you need for a quick lunch place.
3	I went there for lunch today and this is a pretty typical Chicago style hotdog/gyro joint.  Nothing I had was bad, the prices were very reasonable.  They made a good Chicago Hotdog.  Definitely a fine place to eat.
3	Their food isn't bad, it's pretty hard to mess up gyros, rice, salad, and fries.  When it comes to this type of food it really comes down to preference.  For me, I didn't care for this place.  I like crispy fries, their fries are soggy.  I like Beef & Lamb gyros, theirs are Beef only.  I like a mixed green salad with light onion, they serve a shredded romaine salad with heavy onion.  Their prices are fair, portions large, and service friendly, it's just not for me.  They did have a lot of sandwiches and burgers that looked good, if that's your thing.
3	I frequent Jays.  Best gyro deal in the area.  The place is not fancy at all.  Don't expect that great of service.  Be sure to listen for your order to be up.  It is barebones, but my stop in Tempe for gyros..
2	This is definitely a Meh rating.  If I did not work near, then I would never imagine going, as it does look a little sketchy from the outside. The food itself is just ok at best to me.  Don't expect any salads to knock your socks off as this is not their speciality.  They have decent thick cut fries, but not the best.  They can sometimes be overly soggy.  Most of the folks that like a greasy gyro would dig this place, but I think it lacks full flavor and other options outside of gyros - which I do realize is hard to do when you have the word Gyros in your name.If you have more time, there are other places within 5 minutes that for the same cost are worth going to and passing over this place.
2	On a recent trip to the Valley of the Sun (or Hell is what it should be called during this time of year), I thought I would get my Greek food fix by visiting Jay's.  Bragging about their *authentic* Greek gyros, I thought, surely they would compare to our great Greek restaurants in the pacific northwest serving delicious food that will make me want to cry.  Sadly, I wanted to cry but not in the way I had hoped.Their servings are huge and you do get plenty for what you pay for.  Their gyros are gigantic and they don't skimp on the lamb or chicken.  But the flavor was a bit off.  It just wasn't up to par with other gyros I've had and it didn't come with lettuce!  I ordered their Greek salad w/chicken kabob and although the chicken was charbroiled just right, the flavor was again a bit off.  Also, I wasn't a fan of their tzatziki sauce.  It was a bit runny and tasteless for me.What really turned me off about this place was that we ate lunch here at 3p and Jay's closes at 4p.  Why did the owner and family begin to start cleaning the tables and giving us dirty looks at 3:30 making us feel like it was time to leave?  With their mediocre salad and inhospitality, I humphed my way out of the A/C and into the outside furnace.
3	I only recently found Jay's because I work in the area, and I admit, I avoided it for a while due to its sketchy-looking exterior. However, one day I was really really really craving chili-cheese fries. One thing you must understand is that in Detroit, most of the greek owned diner-type operations you go to offer some of the traditional greek dishes, with other menu options like burgers and fries. I have no idea why, this is just the way it goes. So that being said, I drove up and said to myself "I bet this Jay dude knows something about chili cheese fries."What do you know, he sure does. I got a greek salad, and an order of chili-cheese fries with the sauces on the side. The chili-cheese fries arent spectacular, but I think my standards are a little skewed from growing up around National Coney Island. That being said, they'll satisfy my chili- cheese fry craving for now. He makes a heck of a greek salad and im pretty sure his dressing is house-made. I've also had their stuffed grape leaves, which are also pretty good. The place doesn't look like much, but it is pretty decent. Stop by and give it a whirl.
4	I have been here a few times and I will continue to go because it is close to my work and I love gyro's. The gyro's are good (big full of meat) the fries are to thick for my taste and the soda is way to small for the price of the combo. Overall I am a fan but I think they can improve in some areas.
4	Jays Gyro's is the place to go if you want good gyro's at a great price with fast service.  I usually call in my order and pick up but they do have a decent sized dining room if you prefer eating in.  They also have a very good Chicago style hot dog and Italian Beef sandwiches.  Maybe not the best version of each, but definitely worth the buy if you work or live in the Tempe/Broadway corridor.
2	I've been to several good Chicago-type places like this, and this one just didn't make the grade for me. Italian beef is my sandwich of choice in this setting, so that's what I picked. The sandwich was pretty good sized, so that's one positive. However, the meat just didn't have any flavor to it, and the onions seemed to have been cooked to death to the point where they were just stringy pieces of nothing.The fries weren't bad, but they could have used some seasoning or maybe a little more time in the frier.I think I'll continue my search for good Italian beef in the area.
4	A very solid joint and not a slap in the face to Greek food. I was really impressed with the size and diversity of the menu for such a small kitchen. Lots of hands working quickly allow for the food to come out hot and fresh. I really wanted to give this place a perfect score but I don't eat there often enough to call it a slam dunk. The reason for this is that I can't afford to. A lunch special which includes gyro meat, rice, and salad shouldn't cost over $10. Great place and I'd highly recommend it, but you'll only have a chance of seeing me about twice a month. Sorry to all my fans.
2	It had been about three or four years since I last visited Jay's Gyros and thought I'd check it out again, hoping to find a meal which wasn't as forgettable as my last. It was. The people here have no sense of customer service. While it's a quick serve restaurant and I didn't plan on five star service, a mere "hello", "thank you" or a simple smile would have been nice. The person taking my order didn't know the correct pronunciation of the word "gyro".  Once my order was ready, it was placed on the counter and I only knew that because I barely heard a whisper of the announcement.  She couldn't speak up?!?The facility is old and the furnishings dated. In fact, I think one of the interior pics posted here may also be outdated, as I don't recall the blue booth-style seats shown. Little effort has been made to spruce up the interior; not so much as blue paint on the walls which is common for Greek restaurants. There was one large screen TV with soccer on, but don't plan on catching a game here. The glare from the lights above would tick off any serious fan. I ordered the chicken gyro (about $6) and Greek fries (about $2.50.) Both were made to order and served hot. They fries were OK, but the paper bowl they were served in had been soaked through with lemon juice, making for a messy dish. The pita was fine, but nothing to write home about. The fixin's (romaine, tomato and onion) were crisp, cool and plentiful, but I didn't care for the rectangular strips of chicken at all. They didn't look, smell, have the texture of or even taste like chicken. They seemed just like frozen, processed pieces of mystery meat they got from some mass distributor of restaurant food. One other thing I don't understand is their odd hours. Greek restaurants don't often serve breakfast and have to rely on their lunch and dinner business. Jay's closes at 4:00pm, so it's either lunch or the special-less early bird special. Guess I'll have to use the Del Taco drive-thru next door. I think their mystery meat is available 24/7.
3	Food is decent, I had the gyro and Greek fries. Nothing to write home about. I'd expect the same quality from a food cart
5	One of my favorite places to get a gyro. Family owned place, definitely a hole in the wall but sometimes those are the best. Very friendly staff, good food, quick, great lunch spot during the work week.
4	The Gyro was really good. Prices were a bit higher than I expected but reasonable for what you get. I'll definitely be back.
1	Yuck.Went here today for lunch.  The cashier didn't give me a receipt and I didn't remember the order number he mumbled at me.  I kept sending my husband up to check to see if the food being randomly handed out was ours, there was a huge group of people standing around also waiting for their food.  After almost 15 minutes our food finally was ready, although I can't understand the delay since neither one of us got any hot food that needed to be cooked.  The large Greek Salad ($5.50) I got was horrible.  It was dressed with a red wine vinagrette (???) and was inedible.  What a waste of money.  That was NOT a Greek Salad.My husband got the vegetable plate ($9.25) and choked down as much as he could.  The sole piece of Spanokopita (?) was mushy and soggy from sitting in a puddle of some red vinagrette dressing.  The Greek olives were mushy and the bread looked stale.  We picked at our food and finally threw it out in disgust.(We went to Circle K down the road and each got Hostess cupcakes to snack on instead.)YUCK!!  I won't be back
1	This place sucks.  Just got back from lunch after trying it for the first time.  I wanted a pita and greek fries and when I placed my order, the guy charged me for a combo and mumbled a number.  When my order came up, I pointed out to the stupid b*ch giving me my food that I ordered greek fries and she looked at the ticket and said "well, you paid for a combo, that comes with regular fries" and then she shoved the order at me and walked away.  Needless to say, I won't be going back!
3	Was ok
5	close to work. food is really tasty and large portions for price.
4	I don't always eat Gyros, but when I do, I prefer Jay's Gyro's... hahaha! Ok all kidding aside this was the first place I ever had a gyro and I still consider it the best so far. Don't let the outside fool you! Yes it looks ghetto and Yes there's a janky bodega next to it, but the food is amazing, and its ran by a family that's really friendly.
4	Great consistent service and food for years! The gyro special is great and good fries everytime I go!
4	The place is a bit of a hole in the wall in a sketchy mini strip mall, but don't let that stop you. The food, for the most part is great. Skip the Falafel as that's pretty plain, frozen and deep fried. The gyro or gyro salad are both quality, so is the Chicken. Fries aren't the crispiest, but they'll do. Service is good, the owner is often behind the counter and is very friendly. I'd definitely recommend it.
4	Great place! Looks a little scary from the outside, but the food is excellent,.....not $100 per person formal steak house excellent,...more like local, homey feeling, neighborhood-y excellent.  The owner, Sarge, is a great guy. Food portions are plentiful, quality is excellent and prices are good.  Gyros are giant!!
2	Food was ok.  Service was bad.  Overwhelmed staff at lunch rush.  After 10 minutes I asked about my takeout order and was (pretty much) scolded not to confuse the guys on the prep line.  Not given receipt or ketchup for my fries.  Although not in the same neighborhood, Athens Gyros in PHX is way better.  And way friendlier.  First time, last time.
4	Nice, clean,decent place inside too get a yummy gyro!!! Neighborhood shady but ok for lunch.
2	This place is not attractive from the outside so I was hesitant to go in. It was very clean inside and noticed it as a family run business. Food is okay, my gyro was served cold to even with a lunch order for 6 people. Service is friendly when not busy.
3	Came here yesterday with my co-workers for lunch. One of my co-workers was raving about this place but I find it to be no better than other gyro places. It was good and I'd come here again but there wasn't anything special about it. Honestly I felt it was pretty pricey for it not having any wow factor. The staff was friendly and the establishment was clean. Give it a try for sure but don't expect some amazing new gyro flavor.
4	Thought the gyros were damn delicious, and pretty cheap too. Nothing ground breaking, but definitely flavorful. If I still worked over there, it'd definitely be a top lunch spot for me. Nice to find some non-chain places for lunch break.
5	I absolutely adore little hole in the wall LOCAL restaurants like this! The inside was super clean and the food was delicious! We shared the falafel plate, which was plenty for the 2 of us. While we were there the owner was preparing and taking pictures of different food items for the menu. No stock pictures for Jay's Gyro's!! Also, I didn't have the gyro meat, but I did note that it was roasting on the vertical rotisserie - proper! I'll def be back here again!
1	This place is a dump. I got hepc just waiting for my chicken kabob salad which took 20 minutes. Salad dressing I think was dirty dishwater, the lettuce was collected from the floor from under the prep area.  Chicken was burned so the taste of burnt hair lasted in my mouth all day. Everyone who works there hate their lives from what I can gather very rude, and have the personality of a dishrag. If you like 3rd world fast food this port-o-potty is the stop.
3	I'm not one to write a review by only one visit. Don't let the exterior fool you. This place has been remodeled and is fairly clean. As for their Gyro it is ok. It is your typical Gyro Shop with an descent meat, house made tzatziki, and a cheap pita. My search still continues to find a Gyro that compares to the first Gyro I have had. I will return to this shop to try their other sandwiches but, will most likely pass on their Gyro.
3	Halfway hidden in a tiny strip mall on Broadway just west of 40th St, Jay's fills a need, for sure. The place is set up to turn tables FAST and is only open for lunch - given the high volume of people coming and going while I was there, it seems I'm not the only one who likes this dining option,I am a big fan of most Mediterranean food, and have a special weakness for gyros served well. Jay's definitely delivers, I was impressed with the size and selection on the menu - and everything I saw walk by looked fresh and had great portions.I ordered the gyro salad. Plenty of slices of gyro meat (more than I was expecting), lots of feta, a couple of olives, romaine as fresh as could be, and overall very tasty. The Greek dressing was serviceable - but not remarkable.Not the best I've ever had, not the best in town - but it's close to work, affordable, quick and far better than most of the other options in the area.I am sure I'll be back, and I am sure I will enjoy the food - but I wouldn't drive several miles out of my way to make it here.
5	Jay's is 2 Legit 2 Quit.The philly cheese steak is legit with fresh mushrooms, onions and green peppers.  Savory and delicious.Jay's is always has a clean dining room and their staff is friendly.If dig a good kebab you can head over to Jay's after spring training and eat like the Avengers.Jay's you are one classy establishment.  Thanks for having me!
