4	Best cheesesteak in town.  The bread is baked fresh and delivered everyday specifically for the cheesesteaks.  The meat is to die for, thinly sliced right off the eye of round and then fried up in its own fat.  Tell them to lightly toast the bread and you'll have a foodgasm.
4	Mitchell's has been around for over 100 years and serves good ol' plain ol' cooking for lunch.  I warn you, virtually every hot dish they have is either red meat or deep-fried!  They have one of the best burgers in Downtown.  A favorite is the MitchBurger, which has bacon, cheese, lettuce, tomato, and onion with their special sauce.  I like my burgers a little plainer, so I either skip the special sauce or I get the regular cheeseburger.Another favorite is the Fish Sandwich.  I thought fish was supposed to be healthy!  But this is a breaded, deep fried cod sandwich and it certainly rivals the one at the Original Oyster House, both for flavor and fattening-ness!  MMMM, Susan, pump that insulin!If you do want "healthier" choices, Mitchell's has Wraps, packed with the filling of the day.  Their Starter Salad is good, crisp, and cool and perfect on a hot day.  Or you can try the Mediterranean Sampler, which is hummus and rustic bread served with olive oil for dipping, cheese, and olives.   Mitchell's also has booze, and while the "three-martini lunch" might be a thing of the past, you can slake your thirst well because they have a lot of beer on tap.  Plus they have bottled beer and a good variety of wines.  In winter, I like to order their chili or their soups, both of which are home made from scratch.
3	Comfort food, that's what this place delivers. I came here for a lunch with five other people and this was some good, old fashioned comfort food. Two people ordered the hot turkey sandwich, it was open faced with mashed potatoes and gravy smothered over top the turkey sandwich. Two other people ordered the hot roast beef sandwich. It was also served open faced with mashed potatoes and gravy smothered all over, but it was a darker gravy. They all got the vegetable of the day, peas.I got the soup and sandwich, $5.99, which included a large bowl of cream of mushroom soup. It had whole mushrooms (button and portobello) and was a light cream, not as creamy as I would have liked, but still good. It came with a tuna salad sandwich that was tasty. The last person in our party got the tuna melt on rye which she gobbled up whole and a side a fries, also very good.The loss in stars is because we asked to sit in the non-smoking section and were basically ignored. The host said, "Well, after 1pm it doesn't matter, the top of the restaurant is closed" so we were sat smack in the middle of a smoke filled section. The service was ok in general.
3	If there was a button that said "not for vegetarians", I'd click it.That aside, my carnivorous friends really like the comfort food this place serves up, and the bar staff is quick and friendly for their happy hour.  A large chunk of the crowd in the afternoon and early evening are lawyers, as this is where they head after work in the nearby buildings.
2	I really wanted to like this place as it's been in downtown PGH for a hundred years or so.  Even gave it a couple chances...First time I tried a special which was a shrimp quesadilla.  I guess I shoulda known better than to order a dish not originally created in America at a Pittsburgh bar/restaurant but I tried, anyhow.  The waitress brought out a still sizzling metal pan of burnt teensy-tiny bay shrimp that were definitely from a frozen bag.  They were stuck to the pan and so charred that I had to send the plate back.  Eww.  Next time I went I decided to keep it simple and had a burger, which they claimed are their specialty.  The burger was huge, yes, but overcooked and completely unseasoned.  Blah!  During this visit I also had an awful waitress who was quite busy frantically gossiping with another waitress who was actually trying to do her job.  I had Bass on tap during both visits and could barely finish them because they were so warm.  And on top of it all, it ain't even cheap!
4	Seriously, if you're a vegan or vegetarian, might as well look elsewhere.  Virtually everything on the menu here had parents at one time and/or has been through the deep fryer!  Burgers, cheese stix, onion rings, fried chicken, yum!O but they are so known for their homemade soups and chili.  I came here with some coworkers and I ordered me a side salad (that's healthy, right?) and a bowl of chili.  The chili was savory good on a winter's day.
3	Beer, beer, and more beer.  It's definitely a low-key nieghborhood bar.  As an out of towner, I enjoyed it.  It felt like Pittsburgh's version of Cheers except grimier.Unfortunately, the kitchen closes fairly early on weekdays otherwise this place may have received another star.
3	Joey Diven's Hot Turkey sandwich with gravy and mashed potatoes was very good. The bar itself is pretty plain inside and a bit smokey for my taste.
4	Fatties unite! Fried is their specialty!This place is pretty good. No culinary masterpieces here, but you can get a satisfying lunch for pretty much less than 10 bucks.I was told that fried items are what they do best here and I had the coconut shrimp which was delicious. It's definitely where professionals in the city go for a quick lunch and the servers and pretty speedy.I say give it a try!
4	Define comfort food...It's that good, stick-to-your-ribs chow you eat for lunch because you've had a really "Monday" type of Monday at work.  And you want to seek solace alone in a good, fattening burger that the second you bite into it, your problems melt away and you realize all's better with the world.  Well at least until you get back from lunch.And believe you me, I was having one of those Mondays today.  I was craving a good cheeseburger and fries by 11am!  And no, McD's, Wendy's, or BK would do.  With every applicant chasing me, every attorney riding my ass, and every employee hunting me down, I could taste more and more of that fabulous Mitchburgher.  Finally I was able to tear myself away from the madness and hustle down to Mitchell's.  I savored every bite of that 1/2 lb of beef, bacon, and pepperjack cheese.  Mmmmm!   Looks like ol' Susan is gonna have to hit the gym tonight!
2	I had the Veggie wrap from here today. It was so small, I felt like I was holding a baby sausage. It was all wrap, no veggies. My friend had the Greek salad, but they don't carry a greek salad dressing (?), so she wasn't exactly pleases. Looked like they had a lot of comfort food, but nothing really suitable for lunch.
4	You know what the problem with having a tummy bug is?  Well for me it's that after a day and a half of feeling miserable and having no appetite, I'm h-u-n-g-r-y afterwards.  And what better way to satiate a post recuperation hunger with a good burger?  And I mean a really good burger!  Such was the case this past week with me.  I took care of it with a good Mitchburgher Burger.  Mmmmm!   I ate that entire 1/2 lb beef patty with all it's charbroiled goodness topped off with lettuce, onion, pepperjack cheese and their special sauce--with a side of fries.  My coworker looked at me in amazement and asked "My lord, Susan, where'd you put all that"?Hey, when you've got the post flu munchies, you've gotta take care of 'em.
3	Quick service.. Decent food.. Ok price..
4	I'm going to need to update this because I've only had take-out for lunch. That is because their specials are great!! Each month, they make a new calendar with all of the specials each day (2 each at about $7.65) I've had the crab cake sandwich with fries which is delicious! oh my goodness that plump, deliciously seasoned crab cake was fabulous! I've also had their special with baked chicken, mashed potatoes & gravy, veggie + bread & butter.. for $7.50. Feels like a Thanksgiving feast!I've always experienced great customer service and happy faces while waiting for my take-out. I'm looking forward to coming here for a nice dinner with my other half very soon and updating this :)They have a bar side with a bar (obviously) some booths and high top tables. Also, there is another side with just booths. The second floor is also available and that may be where the banquet hall is located.Check the Lunch Specials! http://mitchells.tv/
3	The food is ok but they charge 75 cents for side sauces which is ridiculous and the service is very slow and sucky.
2	Okay... normally I like Mitchell's- but today they had the Corn Beef and Cabbage/Potato special for St. Patrick's Day.  Well the cabbage and potato were just boiled with no flavor and the corn beef was lunch meat probably cooked again-now has lost all flavor.  I was so disappointment.  And I hate spending money on food that just is not good.  Sorry.  Thank goodness I had hot sauce and pepper.
1	This place is outdated and over priced. The service is nothing short of a miracle..in that it's a miracle if you get any. i've tried this place a few times with co workers...and it's always the same. if you sit upstairs, your waitress is usually busy talking to the hostess. and one of them continually coughs all over the place. the food is comfort food and really good. but the atmosphere and the service is bad.
5	I was introduced to Mitchell's by a friend of mine and have been a big fan ever since! The staff is always very welcoming and everyone at the bar always look like they're having a great time.Their garlic parmesan wings are usually a go to for myself and friends, along with a Titos vodka of course. I look forward to many more happy hours to come!
5	I can't think of a more Pittsburgh bar and restaurant than Mitchell's it's the oldest in Pittsburgh and one of the best. Drinks are reasonably price and food is great. Don't even get me started on the atmosphere there, they really know how to make you feel at home. If you're unsure of what to get just ask Matt and he will tell you all you need to know. I don't know how else to get you there just stop reading and go already
