4	I went to Frances on a whim. I bought a groupon for a cut and color cause my wonderful partner had enough of my shaggy doo and out of control grey sprouts. Frances was able to fit me into her schedule the next day. I'm one of those clients that never has the sense to come prepared. On that day I presented Frances with the impossible task to make me current and something resembling sexy, "Impossible!" I thought. My expectations were low since I don't pamper myself as often as we all should. Frances takes care of the details, when washing your hair she throws in a short but effective scalp massage and a hot towel on your next to help you relax. As for the actual cut she shortened my hair to cut off any dead ends and layered all around. The ends framing my face were also layered and blown dried giving me that sexy night out on the town look. Overall I left the place very satisfied with the cut and service from this very charming lady.
1	Very disappointed. Showed Fran a picture of what I wanted....shoulder length with face framing layers. Ended up with a jaw length bob...which I absolutely hate. Wanted 8 inches cut off to donate & she cut 12 inches off. I even gave her a tape measure so she would cut it to the right length. Will definitely not be going back.
1	We didn't even get to the haircut.  I called and left her a message with my name and number.  She called me back soon after to book my appointment and verified my contact number at the end of the call.  I show up to the salon only for the receptionist to tell me that Frances had cancelled all of her appointments for the day and didn't call me because she didn't have my phone number.  After she verified my number when SHE called me back just a couple days prior.Bad business.  So I had someone else do my hair.  Probably a blessing in disguise.
5	Francis always squeezes me in, and her hair color STICKS. It doesn't fade out, and her cuts are perfect. Pricing is low, but it should be higher. She even massages my head and neck! I drove 300 miles once just to have Francis do my hair! Try her, give her a call! Very sweet person, too.
5	I love Frances!  She did my hair and my 11 year old daughter - an amazing job.  Great prices too!
