5	Luv-It has been alive and kicking longer than I have!  They make the frozen custard on site and the available flavors change by the day depending upon what they've been making. Their website gives a schedule of their available flavors each week. Don't worry, no matter which flavor you chose, it is always tasty! It is a cool, refreshing, inexpensive treat you should make a bit of time for on your visit to Vegas.
5	Luv-It became a part of my life when I was in elementary school in Las Vegas. My BFF introduced me to the place, and whenever I return home, I can't resist a stop at Luv-It! The ever-changing flavors make choosing difficult.I rarely miss Las Vegas, but life without Luv-It is a chasm in my heart.
5	ifg you can get around their odd hours and somewhat unpredictable flavor selection, the custard is really quite awesome.you should definitely check the website before going if you are picky about your flavors
5	my favourite frozen custard in the world........i remember going there my first day of kindergartentry butter crunch, scotch jimmie and, of course, the banana split
5	For some reason I never knew about this place until recently. Now that I know about it I will definitely return every time. I hadn't had realfrozen custard since I was a kid. This is the genuine article. It's nothing like soft ice cream,which is already half melted when theyhand it to you. This stuff melts slowly. It's very dense,unlike softice cream which is mostly water. The flavor becomes more intenseas you lick it.  Not located in a nice part of town (right next door to a strip club) but worth seeking out. How often do you find REAL custard ? Highly recommended.
5	Mmmm yums~!!! This place rocks! Thanks yelp! I just got the banana split, but it was really good. I liked that it was not too sweet, yet can fill your snacking desires. I wish there was a frozen custard place like this where I live.. but then I would probably gain 10 lbs in a couple of months.
4	Really good Frozen Custard. Located in the shadow of the Stratosphere on the North End of the Strip.  You will be going to this place for the yummy fruit custards.  It is not in the best part of town so it could be classified as a hole-in-the-wall.  You order at a small walk up window.  If memory serves me correctly there really wasn't any seating or we just chose to stand near our cars while eating our custard.
5	Luv-It has become somewhat of a secret lately, and it's kinda a fun one.  Everyone used to know Luv-It.  It's been around FOREVER.  It's where you went to get frozen treats, man.  Located by my high school, we'd stop off and grab a cone or a cup before heading back for class.  It was 1995, my shoes were chunky, and I had a cone of Luv-It.  Life was awesome!Seriously, if you've never had frozen custard, get some Luv-It.  If you've had frozen custard, get some Luv-It because I bet it's the best you've ever had.   People in the desert can make themselves some tasty, tasty frozen treats.
2	Hmmm...Im not sure what all the rave reviews are about...My husband & I went to Vegas after he returned from a 9 month deployment.  Before our trip, I went online and searched for all the must-do & bargain deals that Vegas offered.  Luv-It Frozen Custard was recommended.  I'd have to say that even before our trip began, I was more looking forward to going to this place than going anywhere else because I LOVE frozen treats.  We couldn't go during the first two days but on the third, when my husband found out that there was a Star Trek convention at the Hilton Hotel, I waved goodbye to him and eagerly made my way to this place.  In my mind, I was going to get Cold Stones portion of the most savory custard and I wasn't going to have to share any of it with my husband...Well, when I rounded the corner to this place, I knew I might be in for a let down...just the ambiance of the surrounding neighborhood.  I actually missed the store and had to turn around.  When I finally got to the parking area, I was surprised because I thought it was a shop that I would be able to walk in to, see the various custards, and pick the one that I wanted.  Instead, I was faced with just a guy hanging his head out the window, asking me what I would like.  I ended up getting chocolate chip.  I was unimpressed.  I thought it would come in a cone but he gave me a scoop of it in a styrofoam cup.   The portions were so tiny!  The size...not what I imagined.  The taste...also not what I imagined.  It was like eating soft ice cream.  The price...EQUALLY unimpressive.  How can you call a scoop of ice cream for about $5(?) cheap?  I tell you, this place IS NOT a hidden gem.  It may be hidden but it's no gem.  You'll be better off getting your frozen treat from somewhere else like Jean Philippe Patisserie at Bellagio.  You're spending about the same amount of money for more gelato, and you'll get to enjoy it at the Bellagio!  (((I love Bellagio...)))After the convention, my husband asked me if I wanted to go to Luv-It's now, not knowing that I went without him...I said NO! I'm telling you, save your money!  It's just not worth it!
4	The custard is very creamy here. But there are a few things that I have to say I'm not crazy about.I got here on a Friday night at 10:30pm and waited until 11:10pm when I finally got my root beer float. At that point I was ready to order 4 or 5 things just so I could put them in my freezer and not have to do this wait again for awhile.Note to self. If you buy the prepacked custard, do not expect real chocolate chips in either the Mint Chip or the Mocha Chip custard. They use jimmies!! What?! ARe you kidding me? Waste this creamy goodness on jimmies alone? This is a crime. Someone should tell them to use real chocolate chips.Also, the banana custard was too light in the banana flavor. It was more like vanilla with a hint of banana.Creamy? Yes. Long wait? Yes.Will I return again and again. Yes.
5	I found Luv-It Frozen Custard courtesy of my fellow yelpers!  Hooray for y'all!  And my BF who has been living here for the past three plus years never even heard of the place and now he craves the stuff!  Haha!The first time I went, I tried their Wild Cherry.  Creamy, smooth and rich.  Yummy.  Last night I went for the Butter Pecan, once again oh so good.  The BF tried one of their classic specials the first time.  He loved the custard on its own, but also found that the saltiness from the nuts really brought out the taste even more.  His only complaint was that there weren't enough nuts!  Last night he went for the Swiss Crunch (swiss chocolate and crunch) and he was a bit surprised with what he got.  Nonetheless, the crunch was oh so good, and I think I have it figured out!  Can it be crushed up honeycomb?!  Well, whatever it is, it's so good with the custard.  He ordered the junior size, which is more than enough.  Those regular sizes are meant to be shared! My only complaint, they are closed on Sundays and Mondays!  What a pain!  We drove all the way there just to introduce a couple of friends to the place and as we approached Luv-It, I realized it was Sunday and it means they are closed!  Bummer!  Guess that means I have to be more aggressive about bringing people there during the week.This is definitely one of those hidden away locals place.  It's not so far from the strip and touristy section (Stratosphere and Olympic Gardens are only a stone's throw away), but off to the side that you do have to look for the place.  It's worth looking for though!Update! 09/17/07 - I've been to Luv-It a lot more times since writing this review!  And yes, a few times we've drove on by once we saw the 50+ people in line!  But the BF and I order only one thing - the vanilla custard with crunch topping.  We just can't say no to that honeycomb sweetness!  I've tried their lemon one with peanuts, and it was surprisingly not tart.  It had a nice sweetness to it!  I'll keep on bringing visitors to this place because it's definitely better than the chains out there (and I've tried a couple of those frozen custard places and they can't compare!).Update! 10/09/07 - Went back the past weekend and tried their blueberry flavor with crunch! (Yay for crunch!)  It tasted pretty grub, but then I had that yucky feeling happen...y'know, the one that tells your body that whatever you just ate isn't agreeing with you.  So, the BF had to rush me quickly to a casino to take care of business.  And it tasted so good though too!  It's a good thing that my previous experiences there have been positive and this was just an unlucky blow, otherwise I would have to knock down their star rating!
4	Mmmm, frozen custard. Not the best I've ever eaten, but it sure is frozen custard, and not too expensive either. Put it this way - if Luv-It were located in the Mirage or some other swanky hotel, people would pay $8 a cone and rave about it as if it were something miraculous. In reality, it's just a good ice cream stand, but I'll take it in comparison to Ben & Jerry's and overpriced Gelatos.
5	yay for luv-it! After many visits to Las Vegas and always wanting to try it (of course, after hearing about it on Yelp), I finally had the time to try it today. I had the chocolate frozen custard, and it was awesome. I love how the frozen custard is so creamy and not super rich like many ice cream joints tend to be nowadays. also, the prices here are pretty low compared to ice cream places. If i lived in vegas, i would choose this place over any other ice cream place. hooray for yelp and helping me find this place!
4	thank you yelpers, this really helped in the 100 degree weather! never would dared to try the place on my own w/ its dingy house-like exterior. The custard tasted really fresh and a lot lighter than ice cream. but i give it 4 stars because of their limited selection. i wanted a butter pecan but the guy said he only had, vanilla, strawberry, choc, rocky road, and a couple others. i settled for the rocky road, but was dissapointed so i went back and ordered the luv it special (vanilla w/ pecans and moschino cherries) and that definitely did it for me!
3	I had heard so much about this place, I guess I shouldn't be surprised that I was disappointed.  It's good, but I've had better custard before.  Go there if it's convenient, but it's not worth a special trip.Some of the flavors seem a bit artificial; for my money, stick with vanilla.  The Western Sundae is pretty good: hot fudge, caramel and pecans.
4	I'm not saying Luv-it is the greatest....I mean it is in a crappy neighborhood next to AM-PM and Olympic Gardens. But their custard is really pretty good. I like sundae with Marshmallow creme, hot fudge, pecans....I think it's Desert Sundae but I like to add bananas. They also have frozen bananas, malts - shakes etc....Now in true Myke fashion - I shall attempt to plagerize what other yelpers have said about it!. Because after 19 reviews - I agree with a lot of it.Luv-It has become somewhat of a secret lately, and it's kinda a fun one.  Everyone used to know Luv-It.  It's been around FOREVER.  It's where you went to get frozen treats, man.  Located by my high school, we'd stop off and grab a cone or a cup before heading back for class.  It was 1995, my shoes were chunky, and I had a cone of Luv-It.  Life was awesome!  Found out they have been in the same old rented building since 1973, no wonder it looks like it's been there a while.  That didn't stop me from trying their famous "Western Sundae."  It was out of this world:  Hot Fudge, Hot Caramel, and Salted Pecans.  It doesn't get better than that.  Their line was at least 50 people deep waiting for this stuff.  Hahaha it's hot right now - go to luv it's and love it!
3	I've never tried frozen custard before so I don't have anything else to compare it to other than an ice cream shack, of which there are plenty in the Boston area.  I have to say that Luv-It's frozen custard is a step above the ice cream you'll get at a Ben and Jerry's or maybe a Coldstone's.  Aside from the usual vanilla, chocolate, and strawberry flavors, they also have two flavors of the day.  If you're going to visit, check out Luv-It's website to see what flavors their offering before you go out of your  way to visit.  The reason why I didn't rate it higher is because of the location.  All the action is on the Strip nowadays and Luv-It is sorta between the Strip and downtown Vegas.  That means in in the same general area as the jail bonds places,  24-hour pawn shops, and the seedier strip clubs.  We ended up getting to the place at around 8 or 9 o'clock, and there were some sketchy characters hanging out near the dumpster, drinking from bottles tucked away in paperbags.  Not exactly a safe, family-friendly environment.  While I usually let taste trump ambience, I have to say that I'd probably have enjoyed the dessert this place has to offer if it were located somewhere better lit.  I'll check out the frozen custard place in Henderson the next time I'm in town.
5	This place is certainly a hidden gem!  Their frozen custard is DELICIOUS.  I have never tried anything there I didn't like.  I can't remember without looking at the menu, but I am pretty sure I usually get the Luv-It Special.  It has yummy sweet strawberries and salty nuts.  You order from the little window then go eat outside...one of my personal favorite things to do is sit in the car and chow down while I make up stories for all the people I see coming and going from Olympic Gardens...Delicious frozen custard AND quality people watching...who could ask for more??Luv-It is closed on Sundays and Mondays. I suppose it's also useful to know that Luv-It is a cash only establishment, so save some of those ones from your visit to Olympic Gardens...
5	Forget Pinkberry....forget Coldstone....this is where it's at!! It takes quite a deal for me to say this 'cause I don't say it very often ( just ask all the men in my life) but ladies and gentlemen..."I'm In Luv"....In Luv with Luv-It!! The absolute best frozen delight I have ever had. Luv-it is a locals fav that should not be missed. The custard is smooth, creamy and a bit of heaven especially in the midst of the desert heat. The best part about it is that it is made fresh everyday. I stopped by just shortly after they opened and I "luv-d" the fact that I could see my custard being freshly made before my eyes.  The Mint Chip, cheesecake, and butter pecan are to die for and are a must have. Their feature flavors change daily and are updated on their website weekly. I must admit I check weekly because I can't miss out on those three flavors ( I have a half-gallon of Cheesecake in my freezer right now). If you are looking to depart from the usual ice cream destination....Luv-It is your place!!And if you are bored/or feel guilty for being gluttonous and feel the need to work off that calorie-filled adventure, walk right next door to Olympic Garden. The arm exercises that you can do by pulling out all those dollar bills at the strip club I'm sure could work off at least a small serving of this frozen goodness!!
5	Thank you yelp! I was in Vegas for business and had some time to kill before my plane. I thought what should I do???? Then like a light bulb in the back of my memory I remembered reading about luv-it on yelp. I quickly dialed 411, and cruised my sweet rental car ride up the strip, past the stratosphere, to the little corner behind the am-pm. It was the middle of the day, in the middle of the week, so there wasn't too much of a line, but as I walked up one satisfied customer asked me "have you ever been here before?", after I said no, he replied "ohhhh, you are going to love this stuff!". I ordered a small blueberry.... and wow! Luv-it was like nothing I have ever had before. Very thick and creamy with a sweet blueberry taste. I only wish I could have tried some of the other flavors, but they only offer a few from their variety each day.So.... if your in Vegas with some time to kill, of just looking for a unique frozen treat, I highly recommend checking out luv-it frozen custard.
3	i had read a lot of good reviews about this place so when i was in vegas i decided to try it. i had the chocolate frozen custard, it was good, but there was a sewer stench coming out of the window of the store. the frozen custard was sweet and yummy, but i can still smell the stench that was blowing my way...ewww. i don't know if i would go back for more, but i didn't get sick or anything!?
5	Their Rocky Road is amazing. Real nut flavor and squishy marshmallows. It wasn't too shockingly sweet, just right! It was the only flavor I tried but I'm going to get to the others! Taste wise, it's some of the best frozen treats out here in Vegas. The location is a bit out of the way for most locals. The prices are quite reasonable. I'm just waiting to go back for more!
3	it's right behind the olympic gardens. heeeeheee.i tried three different flavors - the banana split, the one with caramel, and a nutty one. i forgot all their names but i like the nutty one the best.it felt like they were melting much faster than fro yo but it was probably the LV heat. there's no place to sit so we just stood next to the building to eat it. i felt like a bored teen looking for something to do on hot sunny afternoon. then, a bunch of gangsters were heading our way so we jetted from there like our butts were on fire. hey, i dont want to get shot eating frozen custard.
5	Let's just say I had never had frozen custard before I stopped by Luv-It.  Now I'm trying to find a good frozen custard place here in Los Angeles.  Burst in your mouth flavor, combined with quality ingredients and a smooth texture equal a complete win.  Props to the proprietor; it was just frozen enough to not drip in my car, but not over frozen as to become hard.
5	I have a hard time catching them when they're open when you keep Las Vegas hours.  I was happy I did.  I do like a good frozen custard (hard to find in the west coast)--hey eggs add a rich flavour to cream.  I also like this place because they have a lot of unusual flavours.
5	The best frozen custard... bar none.  I even like the "quaint" neighborhood- at least just for the few minutes I stand in line and then rush back to the car and lock all the doors.  Still, the review is about the custard so the five stars still stands.  The best sundaes are the Western and the Banana Split.
4	This the epitome of a hole in the wall.but i Luv it. the frozen custard is top notch quality. the flavors for the day changes everyday but chocolate and vanilla is a standard. my chocolate was so yummy. i like it cause the menu has all sorts of sundaes. i got the banana chocolate krumble. it was yummy.  i think this place would do better if there was a place to sit, but i don't think the owner feels the need to because people will come back to eat frozen custard regardlessly. there's really nothing more i can say about this place expect that it has great frozen custard. but i would suggest not to go at night alone. the area is not the best.
3	I have to be in the right mood to grab dessert here, I think. Gellato is anytime food for me because it can be light. Frozen custard as I found out yesterday is super heavy. But its made from eggs, my friend told me. I was like, "Like mayonnaise?" No, egg and mllk. "Oh. Like mayo and milk. Awesome." When we got there, there was a four-person line and there was only one dude working there. It didn't really seem he had any sense of urgency. But I assume frozen custard is one of those things in life you don't rush. Like a good strip tease. Mm, boobies ... I got a small Desert (sic) sundae (chocolate chips, marshmallow, and fudge) with PB ice cream (but I think he gave me vanilla) for ~$5. Get the small, fo sho. Like I said, its heavy. The custard is delicate and starts melting immediately after you take it away. I love the hole in the wall nature, too, fellow reviewers. I love that its so away from everything AND freestanding and they seem to be doing well. Take THAT, Pinkberry! People will never walk in from off the street, saying, "Let's try this place out." You have to know about it. Technically, I think its on the strip, but really its sub-strip. I mean its north of the Strat. * non-casino
3	mixed feeling on this one but this is my 1st try so i'm sure i'll be reviewing again soon.yeah - it's in the "older" area of vegas.  yeah the place is expensive , actually BIG yeah, damn expensive which does not make sense to me - the rent on this building , geez, should pay someone to put a biz here !  the labor can't be too high - the guy working there when i visited - my guess is he hits dino's up the street after his shift !   but hey - it's about the custard.  i asked about the various flavors - what's available , when it was made, etc.  after about 4 flavors that i wanted were unavailable, i finally asked, what was made today - ROcky road - ok, i'll take a quart - $7.50 - yeah, $7.50 !!  the flavor - not bad, not  crazy good, thought the chocolate was a little on the light side.  reasonable amounts of nuts and marshmallows.i'll come back for a sundae to see if that changes my opinion of the place  it isn't too far from my drive to downtown to drop off the gf so i'll try again real soon
3	follow up visit yesterday -tried the western - hot fudge, caramel, salted pecans and a cherry.  cost - $5.25nothin special - the toppings are in the top quarter of the container - my guess an 8-12 ounce container. the custard - smooth, creamy but the flavor average .  i think it's from being "spoiled"  in my brief stint in the midwest ( wisconsin) where i was exposed to frozen custard.overall, i'm still a fan of Luv-it
4	Have you ever seen a grown man giggle for ice cream? me either. But for frozen custard I saw a mans eyes light up like an electronic poker machine! yeah it's that good. No gimicks or fancy buildings here,this place is the  ultimate diamond in the rough, located just far enough off the strip not to be swarmed by snotty nose kids and there out-of-towner folks and just in the ghetto enough for you to question how much you really want custard. when you walk up, there may be bums near by but they are probably harmelss, theres also a giant menu to help you choose from the array of frozen custard combinations,a butterscotch sundae and strawberry with grahm cracker mix was what we got, yum. some might find it a bit rich and really creamy, but if that doesn't sound good to you then you don't like custard anyway.we were greeted by a nice man who sadly informed us that cherry was no longer an option. Discontinued by the company. whats the big deal we wondered. well it was black cherries and since they were in such high demand by emril and wolfgang we had to suffer too. Being inquisitive about the calorie and fat content the man simply replied. "I eat is twice a day" we look at each other then the slender man "yup, i have a sundae here and then s'more when i get home" wow we thought is this all you eat? " i just stay away from the fried stuff,that'll kill ya" so apparently this stufff is not only really good but better for you then fried stuff :)life is too short to live without frozen custard
4	Nice smooth texture, good flavors but too sweet for me.  Luv-It Frozen custard reminds me of good frozen yogurt.  A solid place to come to cool off the Vegas heat.
5	This place is awesome!  Frozen custard kicks ice cream's ass!  That side-some people claimed that "it is too much food to eat".  Well...get the Junior size instead.  I do that often when I feel a big sundae is too much. This guy is a one man show, so if the line is long it will take awhile to get to the front.  Currently, he is open seven days a week for the season-I think until the end of September.--STOP THE PRESSES-I see his website states he is now open seven days a week year round!!!-except some holidays like Labor day Sunday and Monday.Oh, you can check out his website to see the "flavors of the day"www.luvitfrozencustard.com
5	Luv it Frozen Custard rocks!  Porque:1. While some claim certain flavors can be bland, I did not feel this was the case.  I think their custard has a smooth and creamy texture and if you eat it slowly you will have time to appreciate the flavor.2. Go for the sundaes.  They have all sorts, from banana split to strawberry chocolate something or other, and it's still only $5 or $6, a great deal especially on a beastly hot 113 degree Vegas day.3. Right next to the OG's strip club.  Strip clubs and ice cream on a hot day - as good as Vegas gets?
5	Fresh custard!  This place rocks.  Don't get your hopes up expecting a glitzy drive-through but definitely stop and has a flavor of the day.  It's worth the trip.
5	so. i admit it - i love the new trend for frozen yogurt... especially the tart flavors, and having a choice of 20 toppings... its great.but for las vegas, no frozen treat is better than a cup of frozen CUSTARD from Luv-its... seriously, its creamy, rich, and flavorful... they change some of the flavors daily, so there is always a chance to mix it up - so heres the real deal tho, we all know Vegas can have hotter than a mutha fucka days more often than not, and nothing beats the desert heat better than a cup of frozen custard (and a cup of water) from this joint. 5 stars, fo sho...
4	Oh North Vegas... the neighborhood of crack whores and drug dealers.  Despite the danger zone, frozen custard is THE BEST.  I would gladly put my life in danger for 5 minutes to indulge in this palate pleasing concoction.  There's something about using pecans instead of peanuts that gives it just the right amount of crunch without over-powering the flavor like peanuts often do.  I'm a big fan of the Luv-It Original but by all means, please please please try the others and let me know your thoughts.  For such a random hole in the wall place, they have a ton of options.  NOTE:  Forget about the junior sizes.  You think the regulars are huge but once you start eating, it disappears in 5 minutes.  Total WTF moment.
4	"A Hole in the Wall" was definitely the right phrase that my dear friend, Sheana J. used to describe this place...A hole in the wall, but a good hole in the wall place...I was surprised that it was actually frozen custard. Other frozen custard places leave that egg-like aftertaste, but Luv-It didn't! Brownie points for that! I ordered their Malt flavor frozen custard, and it was DELISH! It wasn't as powdery nor was it eggy! It tasted just like regular ice cream, and was just perfect! I hear that the egg nog flavor is pretty good, and probably the best choice for the holidays.I would have given this place 5 stars, but the price is a bit much for frozen custard. $2.45 for a junior cup???! It would probably be more worth your money if you order one of their specials like the Banana Split...WARNING: Always bring a friend here when you venture out to this area of Vegas. SCARY! Oh...and DO NOT bring your high-end goods here (as mentioned again by Sheana J.)...You'll never know who will be lurking around the corner at this place...I will definitely back here again...but of course...with a friend or even two...
5	I HAVE URGES... "There is a human urge to clarify, rationalize, justify", said Leonard Bernstein. That sounds like a good description of Yelp, doesn't it, but that's not the urge I have. This definition is a better fit: a. An impulse that prompts action or effort. b. An involuntary tendency to perform a given activity. I have an urge to go to Las Vegas pronto. Do I like to gamble? Yes, sometimes. Do I like seeing some great shows? Definitely. Do I like going to the International CES, the world's largest consumer technology trade show? Oh, yeah, so much fun. Do I like staying in some great sexy hotel room on the Strip? You better believe it. But none of these are the reason for my urge. My urge is to go to a little nondescript shack located in a questionable, seedy area away from the Strip. The only strip this place is close to is the Olympic Gardens Strip Club that offers male and female strippers, and where lap dances go for 20 bucks. I need to go to Vegas because I want me some ice cream from Luv-It Frozen Custard NOW! Frozen custard is French style ice cream. It's lower in butterfat and calories than ice cream, and is made with eggs, which gives this indulgent concoction a creamier texture. It also has much less air whipped into it, and there are two types of air I don't like: people full of hot air (no, I'm not telling now) and ice cream full of air. I don't even like Sundaes, but at Luv-It Frozen Custard I am simply hypnotized by everything they have. Western Sundae, their most popular - vanilla custard, caramel, salty pecans and hot fudge? Give it to me now, before I get arrested for yanking it from the hands of some unsuspecting Japanese tourist! Bumble Berry Sundae? What's in it? Wait, I don't care, just pile it on! Everything is homemade, frozen custard flavors change every few days, so check their website, if you want to know what specific olfactory and oral pleasures to look forward to. Even their website looks hokily homemade, which in this case is just charming and consistent. So, if you want some frozen nirvana, if you're tired of seeing same old, same old corporate clones that look identical in LA, Johannesburg, Vegas and Moscow - this is the place for some instant bliss. What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas...   I wish Luv-It frozen Custard didn't.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-yApKLEFAvvNyifvpNKWCA?select=D9OUbkLMTuL0oldU0hbqNAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-yApKLEFAvvNyifvpNKWCA?select=EyuweXhclT_VyF1Cj9IRDQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-yApKLEFAvvNyifvpNKWCA?select=VIwMoaH_lZ70RiCZ-TKfdwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-yApKLEFAvvNyifvpNKWCA?select=nyMhbDTnwVHCLEknRfSRIQ
3	Really people?!?!?!?!  After reading so many great reviews, I had to try to this place.  We ordered the Western Special....what a big disappointment  :( I guess I had really high expectations...prolly won't return.
4	I live in the SF Bay Area, where I wish we had just one good frozen custard place. But I guess it's more important that we have that 5,000th noodle shop. (rolls eyes). It's probably not an exaggeration to say this is the closest place for us to satisfy our frozen custard urges. Well, that's not the only reason we come to Vegas, but once I got wind of this place and its reputation I knew what I had to do.I wasn't disappointed...this is the real thing and is pretty good. I also didn't experience any sketchiness when I rolled in around 2pm on a Tuesday. That doesn't mean you shouldn't be a little careful, but know that you might be lucky and not catch any of the pimp-slapping-his-ho action many of these other reviewers have mentioned.
5	If your looking for some old school frozen custard, you have hit the mark with Luv-It !!! The custard that comes out over here is always smooth and silky, and has a great mouth feel to it. Since this is a small mom and pop operation there is only about 3 different flavors a day, and be warned that the popular ones go out early. There are over 15 different types of sundaes that you can create, but I think the best for eating is just a plain scoop in a waffle cone. I would agree that this is not in the best part of Vegas, but rest assured you will not be alone there at night as there always seems to be a crowd of 5+ at any time of night.
5	oh dear god!! this place was so fricking awesome!!!! me and my love had the 'Scotch Jimmie' which was: butterscotch, sliced bananas, and chocolate jimmies, YUM! the place only takes cash so be ware! the menu has tons of flavors and treats, if i lived in Vegas, i would be here all the time. i dont have one complaint about this place and apparently they have been open for 35 years ?!! they know what their doing, and doing it right!
3	This was my first taste of frozen custard.  All I ordered was a regular banana shake (you can order it regular or heavy, heavy being much thicker but in the same size cup for more money).  It was very good but I can't say it's the best I've ever had.The location is interesting and was slightly difficult to find.  I'm used to West Oakey, not East, so venturing past the 15 to this side of town was fun.  At least two motorcycle officers pulled up to get their custard fill while I was there...I felt so much safer (they can't eat while on their bikes so they HAD to stick around).Since banana was naturally added (and added to the price at an extra $.50 on top of the $4.35 shake, not a wallet buster by any means), I didn't have a problem with finding a flavor of custard I couldn't get because he didn't have it available.  Even though the list states so many different flavors of custard, only five or so are available.  Last night it was Vanilla, Chocolate, Pineapple, Butter Pecan and Strawberry.I'd give the place more stars if it offered more flavors at all times.  The location is rough but adds to the appeal.  The custard was very good but not the best shake I've ever had.  I'll try this place again but it will not be a regular spot to go for a fix.I'm going to try Leatherman's next to compare.
3	I would have LOVED to give this place 4 stars had they not limited my Saturday choices to Vanilla, Chocolate, Strawberry and Banana.  What the???We came here because we saw it featured on the Food Network a loooong time ago.  Even with the limited flavors, we were not disappointed with the quality.  We ordered chocolate and strawberry, and although I normally prefer chocolate, strawberry was the clear winner here....sooooo fresh and creamy, much different than ice cream.If it weren't for my Chicken McNugget lunch 5 minutes prior, I would have ordered one of the specialty sundaes.  Damn you, Ronald McDonald.I'll be back...
5	This place has excellent frozen custard. Rich, creamy and very flavorful. I like trying different flavors and I think the best one I had so far is blueberry but you cannot go wrong with vanilla or chocolate. There are only certain flavors made everyday so it is  both a treat and a surprise when you get there.  There is almost always a line everytime I go to Luv -It but that is part of the experience; waiting in line while cops bust criminals and/or shady characers. It may be a bit pricey but it is worth it. What a refreshing break from the typical ice cream or frozen treats.
5	This is special, homemade-tasting stuff. Super creamy. Awesome remedy to a 100+ degree Vegas night (but bring your patience, there's usually a line). TIP: Check the flavors calendar on their site before going. This stuff is great by itself, but they also have a very tempting menu (huge sign) offering a plethora of incarnations of things you can do to your custard. Cash only.
4	Unique and off the path fun and tasty too.
4	I don't really go for ice cream but when a friend from the Midwest said I needed to try this full of fat, creamy treat, how could I say no.  So now, after having it four times in the past two months, I'm hooked.I'm biased since I never had frozen custard in my life. It really was rich.  Very different flavor from what I expected.  Tried multiple "specials".  Hey, they are all good 2000 calorie treats.  Well worth the wait to order.The location is not that great (borders a strip club - to be reviewed later) and a convenece store that seems to be drug dealer's central.Other than that, this place is worth a try.
5	Update: One word... COCONUT COCONUT COCONUT.Update to the update: pass on Mango - just something off about it.
2	I know a lot of people swear by this Las Vegas institution right next to Olympic Gardens er gentlemen's club, but it didn't really do it for me.This place is more about loading up with toppings then the custard itself.  If you want fruit and nuts and chocolate and anything else thrown on top of your custard then this is the place to be.As for the custard itself, I prefer the texture of Nielsen's and I found the taste to be a little bland.
4	OK, compared to the $5 a scoop gelato places on the strip, this is better. If I had to score it against places I've eaten at in so cal, then it'd get 3 stars. It is a hole in the wall place that you can't even tell if it's open or not. They only have certain flavors each day, so don't look at the big menu hoping you can get any flavor you want. Just hope you get lucky with the flavors they serve daily.We got the banana split after trying the flavors and it was pretty good. It's not huge or nothing to gush about, but not bad.Once again, good for Vegas, nothing special to those from L.A.
5	Banana split in a bowl.  It was good.  I love wisconsin custard!  This little hole in the wall does a great job!
3	I have heard of this place on tv before, either travel channel or food network. We came here after dinner one night after a friend who has grown up in vegas suggested it. It is in the GHETTO. It felt almost unsafe going to this area, but we pulled up this shack on a Friday night around 10pm with still a crowd eating custard. My bf and I shared a sprinkles custard, it had chocolate sprinkle and marshmellow supposedly but I couldnt tasted the marshmellow. It was my first time having custard and it was pretty good, you could taste more of the egg and milk compared to ice cream. They offer different flavors for different days of the week, but our friends really like the Western special.
4	http://www.eatinglv.com/2013/11/there-is-no-more-love-at-luv-it-custard/?pid=20573 Uh oh. Was looking up flavors for future dates and noticed their site was no longer current.  Then received differently styled FB updates and noticed different call outs to owner names.  Sad to hear the changes recently.  Old review pre 2013.....We come here 2-3 times a day when we are in town visiting.  It's that good and no guilt here since it is a 12 hour drive from bay area.
4	I used to drive past a Frozen Custard shop here in the Valley almost daily for years, but never took the time to stop in.  As you may have guessed, by the time I finally decided to check it out, the business name had changed and they were now only serving pizzas and calzones.  :( So.. when I heard a TV newscast about this place while staying in Las Vegas, I had to go check it out!  Unfortunately, the newscast was about the minor character actress from "The Office" who had complained that the business was in a ghetto area, but my now intense longing for the custard I had let slip away overwhelmed my common sense and I just had to go!Let's just say that arriving here just after dusk was a huge mistake.  There were no people outside, except for a few guys that were suspiciously loitering halfway between this place and the neighboring liquor store.. so I drove off and came back about 20 minutes later to find several people enjoying custard and finally feeling secure enough to leave my car.  Being a seasonal-flavor junkie, I was pleasantly surprised to find Pumpkin as one of my choices, and adding the Western sundae toppings (hot caramel, hot fudge, pecans) was a nice compliment to the extremely smooth, tasty custard below!I think the food was well worth the drive to North Vegas, and I would also recommend this place highly because the owner was very nice.  However, I have to deduct one star because of the hours of operation.  I wanted to come back one more time before leaving town, but the shop doesn't open until 1pm.. which only leaves 4-5 hours of daylight to feel safe coming here!
4	The bf was so excited about all of the flavors he had seen on the website but was :( when we arrived and there were only about 5.  So his rating is about 3.5.  He said his coconut custard was really good.My rating, on the other hand is a solid 4!  The Western is a sure fire winner.  Those salted pecans rule the school!!  I wish I had some right now!  I was worried it would be too much as we were still stuffed from dinner - but it was delicious.  Much lighter then ice cream...more like frozen yogurt but creamier.The area is well lit so don't be too scared.  Those pecans are worth dodging a bullet for!
4	Tucked away in a corner between the Stratosphere Hotel and Olympic Gardens is a treasure. Once discovered, all Love It. Luv-It Frozen Custard is a simple establishment with intricate creations. The creamy consistency of the custard has a stand-alone flavor you could eat it without toppings. However, with an array of combination offered from maraschino cherries to hot fudge why not enjoy delectable dishes with exuberant toppings. For a few dollars less than most other ice cream establishment, you could discover a gem off the beaten path that would satisfy both wallet and palate.
5	Awesome custard!!! The best in Las Vegas. Make sure to bring cash. They do not take debt or credit cards.
4	Pay no attention to the bums getting paid to buy some kids liquor at the gas station next door.  Really, they're just part of the scenery. Anyway, the bums just sit there and hang out...why not contribute help some kids out...kids who unfortunately have custody of their 5 year old sibling...Nothing can distract hubby and I from the delicious custard at Luv-It.  Okay...almost nothing.  We're always grateful to be in the company of some other out-of-towners who bravely make the trek for the world's greatest frozen custard.  We stand around and compare our choices as unsavory characters occassionally stroll by.Otherwise, hubby and I grab our desserts and hop back in our car pronto, one of driving with our knees so that our custard doesn't melt before we enjoy it.  Definitely worth the drive out to old-school not-so-safe Las Vegas but be smart about it.  Don't let yummy frozen custard get you mugged.
3	Not my favorite frozen custard in Vegas, but pretty decent.
2	We have been itching to go here for a while. The last time we were here, it was nice. This time, the service was fair and the custard tasted bland. We got two regular Westerns. The chocolate was not very chocolaty. The caramel was ok. The pecans had an after taste, like they were old. I hope it was an off night all around, but wow the bland food and service attitude?
4	From the outside it doesn't look to pleasing, but you know what they say, you can't judge a book by it's cover. Luv-it frozen custard is bomb. The texture is nothing like I ever had. It like silky and light and so tasty. It is a very different and unique product. The have different special flavors every week. If you never had Luv-it frozen custard you better try some asap!
5	Luv-It is a must stop on any Vegas trip.  It is as good as people say, it is worth going out of your way for.  It is pure heaven - it cannot compare to ice cream or fro yo.My favorite thing to get is the Western.  It comes with hot fudge, caramel, and pecans.  A cherry and whipped cream are included if you get the regular size ($5.25), that stuff doesn't come on the junior ($4.25).  The junior is more than big enough for a normal person, so only get the regular if you want to truly indulge, or can handle your sweets.It is kind of soup-nazi-ish ordering.  I've always been too scared to get anything but vanilla - the standard flavor everything comes with unless you tell them differently.  Once, a friend asked for whipped cream and a cherry on his junior sundae - it was the equivalent of George asking for bread in Seinfeld.  Scary.As long as you follow the ordering procedure (outlined on their website), you'll be fine.  And, like the soup nazi, the deliciousness of the custard makes it all well worth it.
5	To a regular, Luv-It Frozen Custard is not simply frozen custard; it's a way of life. I usually drop by this place at least once a month, sometimes multiple times a month. It all depends on my schedule. And that's the thing, I stalk the website to see what flavors they have forecasted for the upcoming weeks. If I spot a flavor that I absolutely love, I re-organize my schedule to make room for the particular flavor. Call me crazy, but this is what this place has done to me.Most people that I see here usually order a type of sundae. I've tried this only to discover that it is too much for me to handle, especially for someone who drops by on the regular. I usually roll with a single scoop just to remind my taste buds how much I care for them. I don't want to overwhelm them with a sundae. There's something about the consistency and texture that makes their frozen custard out of this world.I'd have to say that my all-time favorite flavors have to be Champagne Cherry, Rocky Road and Maple Walnut. The fruit flavors tend to be hit or miss for me. Coconut, Pineapple and Strawberry tend to be the fruit flavors that I love. The rest simply range from good to okay. The everyday Vanilla and Chocolate flavors are always there for me to fall back on, while they have the two other varying flavors that vary by day. Chocolate has always been my Plan B if the two other flavors don't tickle my fancy.The location is the only downside of this place, especially if you go here on your own. There can be some shady characters walking about, especially in the later hours. I've struck many odd conversations with the meandering homeless people walking about the area. I'd recommend to just keep your valuables locked up in your car while you place your order. It never hurts to take precautions in an area like this.
3	I've never had a frozen custard before so this was my first experience.  Was I impressed...ummm.....not really.  I don't know what I expected.  My friend that I was with said to me ..yup, that's how a custard is suppose to taste...It was just a thicker, richer soft serve.  Ate it in the car.  Word to the wise, area is a bit on the sketchier side.  I think I would have been happier if I found a Pinkberry or Red Mango nearby.
5	This is the way to do Luv-It: check the menu at the beginning of the month and look forward to the day your most favorite flavors are on the same days. This month there's still lemon and raspberry comin up! I figure it's fair to give these guys 5 stars just because they have a special spot in my stomach about once a month if I can make it.Think of it as your local old school sundae place, but with custard instead. A special treat, huge portions, and worth a stop as a tourist looking to experience something traditionally Vegas.
5	5 Minutes up the block from the Stratosphere.... Yeah, it's not the best neighborhood.  But it's worth the trek.$5.25 for the 5 basic Cups.  I had the Love Special.  Custard topped with strawberries and pecans.  Wow!  I was blown away.I say try it.  It's slow.  There's only one guy working the tiny window.  You would think they would hire more people.  But the couple ladies standing in line said a couple of things:1.  That she's waited 55 minutes for a cup.  and it's worth it!  2.  That the guy working it, is the son of the original owner. For me, I'm a foodie that likes places that "You can't get anywhere else."  This is one of the few places in Vegas where I can say:  "You can't get this anywhere else in the world!"  =)
3	Mango Frozen Custard - Oh, Boy was I excited...I love Mango anything so yesterday in the 110 degree weather we made our 20 min. trek to Luv It for what I hear is the best Custard...Yup, the neighborhood at first seems scary but there are actually nice houses if you go a little past it - anyways, I got two scoops in a cup - Mango and Banana Nut and my daughter got a Fudge Sundae... Both were o.k.- Sadly the Mango custard did not have a strong Mango flavor - it just gave you a quick hint of Mango and after eating it for a while the Mango flavor disappears all together. The Banana Nut was O.K. - nothing special in my opinion...My daughter liked her Fudge Sundae but Fudge come on it's good alone... I won't be traveling across town for this custard, however I would like to try the lemon flavor!!!
4	Luv-it's is delicious. Most of the flavors anyway. Always a long line (I posted a picture)- and friendly service. When the custard is good, it's Really Good.
4	Dropped in with my Yelpie peoples for a cap to our Happy Hour at DCR.Just went simple with vanilla and butterscotch so nothing too crazy. It was good custard definitely and I like that they have options and many fun seasonal flavors.  Portions are big...the junior definitely filled me up so a regular will be a sharing portion. Short and simple of it- I'll be back when I'm around the area, but I wouldn't say it's something I'd drive all the way out here for. I think it's a great Vegas institution and a good place to bring some of my visitors for a treat.
4	Stopped by last week with my fellow yelpers. I was a little late cause I heard the craps table calling me. I got the Sprinkle Special and it hit the spot!! It was my first time out here and it won't be my last.
2	I first of about this place from a friend who was dying to check out this frozen custard. She mentioned that Food Network had done a small segment on Luv-It and their amazing frozen custard.The first thing I envisioned when she said they sell frozen custard on the strip was frozen custard from a Dim Sum restaurant. I thought this was odd...We get there and I am completely wrong. It has the consistency of soft serve yogurt, but does not taste like it. We shared chocolate and I have to say, the texture and aftertaste caught me off guard. It was a cool experience, but I won't be going back. At least I know what frozen custard is now and I won't be envisioning Dim Sum custard anymore. =)
5	Ok- so it's not in a great neighborhood, who cares?! (I'm tired of hearing that, can you tell?) The product- frozen custard- is the best in the city, it's family-owned for years (the owner bought it from his grandmother), and it's been featured on several sites including travelocity's best and this site. I've been a customer for years- my favorite is the banana fudge crumble sundae (bananas, hot fudge, and oreo crumbles)- it's delicious and I got my husband into it too. For your favorite flavor, check out the site for the week's featured flavors (yes, only a handful of flavors are available). I really like maple nut, coconut, pina colada, and mango, Get in line, yes, it's long sometimes, but it is worth the wait, believe me. Choose your flavor, choose your style (ie. sundae, milkshake, cone, cup (or even a pint to take home), and enjoy. I've heard that out-of- towners come here every time they visit. I recently took a friend here, who had never been, and she was a native, and she became a fan (note: she had a hard time deciding because there are so many choices!). I don't know how she didn't know about it because Luv-It is legendary. While in line, we met a couple who came all the way from Summerlin who said they knew Oscar (yes, the Mayor). That same night, there was a couple panhandlers bothering the customers and a fight almost broke out, but hey, you meet some interesting people sometimes. Did I mention it's pretty close to OG?
5	We decide to visit this place because we were googling stuff to do in Vegas and thought it sounded good considering the temps were in the 100's during our visit.  Neither one of us has had custard before but this stuff is GREAT!.  I had the tutti fruiti sundae and my husband had a chocolate waffle cone.  We sat out in our rental car eating our custard and doing some people watching.  We werent panhandled and didnt feel unsafe so i'm not going to ding them for being in a bad neighborhood.  Bring cash.  They do not accept credit cards
5	This place is awesome. OK, I wouldn't go by myself but I was visiting my sister and her husband so that felt comfortable.  I can't remember the name of what I had but it was the chocolate frozen custard with banana, butterscotch syrup, and those little chocolate Jimmies. So, so yummy. Wish we had a place like this in Seattle.
5	I have to assume this is how any serious addiction starts..One day your friend is like "hey you have to try this". So, being a good friend you do....and then you are hooked! Welcome to my frozen custard nightmare. I have only had this custard once and I dream of it, and want it all the time. Its so far from my house but I love it and am always looking for my next fix.  I always trying to trick my boyfriend into driving in that vicinity. It is ruining my life and I do not even care. I sound like an addict just typing this!I am just going to say it...the Lov it special changed the course of my destiny..ish. Where would my life had gone had I not had this custard. I can no longer eat any other frozen treat. I am a ruined woman.All this typing is making me hungry...maybe Paul will drive me down there, or at least into the vicinity so I can jump out and run over.
5	A favorite of mine when I visit Las Vegas. Its part of mine bang for your buck Vegas trip itinerary. I came back to LA once packed with Luv-It Frozen custard. Delicious, it's like frozen crack. I would get no toppings, why mask flavors when the custard is awesome by itself.
4	i come here everytime i go to vegas, which is alot.  just get the simple things and not the overly rich sundaes.  get vanilla with pecans or walnuts.  that's it.  the vanilla is pretty rich and sweet, so adding caramel or fudge syrup would just be too sweet.  so sweet that you cant really taste the custard.
4	This was a first for me to try frozen custard, and what a great 1st experience!  I had the almond chip and the hubby kept it simple with vanilla.  I am an ice cream junkie and the hubby just has a sweet tooth, but he fell in love with the basic vanilla!  Glad that we went the first day that we arrived in Vegas and tried it because when the hubby wanted to go back the next day, they were closed until the 11th!  We'll see you next year Luv-It Frozen Custard!
5	I have been going to Luv-It ever since I told my friend Justin I craving frozen yogurt and he said "No, go to Luv-It. Seriously. Go." And so I did, and I have not been disappointed. The custard itself is always superb and lives up to everything people say or gush about it.A couple things-~There are only about 4 or 5 flavors made, and made fresh, everyday. So do not be fooled by large board of flavors, there is a smaller board to the left of the days flavors.~All the flavors do come around eventually, and you can check on the website. Some are seasonal though, and to me the pumpkin is worth the wait.~Honestly, it isn't exactly the best location as there have been several times where my friends and I have been accosted by vagrants and other strange people.~ Friday and Saturday nights are CRAZY. Expect to wait.That pretty much covers it for me. Luv-It is one of my favorite places in town if I'm in the mood for something sweet. So give it a shot, and say "Hi" to Greg for me.
4	A downtown Las Vegas landmark for 37 years. Family owned and operated purveyor of award-wining frozen custard dessert. It is a very popular spot for after dinner here in Las Vegas among locals. Parking is adequate there is no place to sit down once served. One must eat their frozen treat standing up or sitting in their car. But for those who may have been sitting all day this is not a problem.A good place to start on their menu is with the "Western Special".
3	iv'e been to  Luv-It Frozen Custard  2 or 3 times and it's good but it's in a rough neighborhood  and i like ice cream better but thats my  opinion    so you  go up to the window  and get what ever  flavor they have that day if your in vegas it's definitely worth a try  it's been here for 37 Years so that must  mean most  people like it.   here is the website http://www.luvitfrozencustard.com/
5	I never used to go here until a couple of years ago, but then I went through a period where I was hanging out with a lot of people at Dino's across the street and in the hood. There was a lot of drinking involved. I'm going through a period of relative sobriety at the moment, though, so I haven't been in a while.Luv-Its is convenient stumbling distance from the bar. It's always busy with some weird motherfuckers from that neighborhood. I can't understand anyone who is creeped out by the other people - the ice cream is good and all, but this is prime people watching, Vegas vibe stuff with the hookers and the cops all chilling out in the parking lot eating some custard. The sundae with the bananas and the jimmies is good for sobering up on, though I feel those of you in the crowd wincing at the idea of adding dairy onto your drunkenness. I think dairy works pretty good at sopping you up, or maybe it's the bananas. Good ice cream. Convenient location. Interesting people. You need nothing else.
4	Back at work on a Monday morning recovering from a crazy bach party weekend, so we're talking about the Stratosphere bungee jump that went down and it somehow triggered my co-worker's faint memory of some hole in the wall from 6 years ago because of its proximity.  But at the time she didn't remember the name of the place.  She's telling me she only had it once, that a former UNLV professor took her there for the best "ice cream" she's ever had and that you can only order it outside.  She described it as a little shack with some ghetto ass window bars.  Since we're hella bored in the office and we hate our manager.  We decided to annoy her by being unproductive doing google and yelp searches trying to find this place.  According to my intense online research, the only place I see close by the Stratosphere in the ice cream/desserts category is Luv-It Frozen Custard and showed her the picture of the outside.  She says, "THAT'S IT, it has to be the place and we have to go today!" Now I've never had frozen custard before so I didn't really know the difference between frozen custard or ice cream.  She asked, "You fly, I'll buy?"  "Well if your going to twist my arm, Let's roll than!"  But it was 11:30 am at the time and Luv-It doesn't open until 1pm.  I don't usually take lunch at 1pm but today was an exception to satisfy her sweet tooth.  We bail for "lunch" at 12:45 exiting off Sahara,  As I turn left onto LV Blvd I was laughing driving up realizing OMG it's one block from the muthaphukkin OG, hoping it wasn't a bad omen (rewind 2 nights before: http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-olympic-garden-las-vegas#hrid:NKIO3Tyry85byIIVYrWjwQ).  We arrived and there's like already 7 people in line waiting and it was still 12:55.  So I knew this must be legit! There was only two flavors available which were Vanilla and Pineapple just made in the lab.  Since it's only a one man shop, they don't crank out many flavors at 1:00.  Unless you order like 1/2 a gallon I believe than there's a variety of other flavors already "hard packed" so its frozen solid.  Some of the regulars in line recommended the Luv-It sundae with Vanilla flavor so I went with that and the owner was nice enough to hook me up with extra pecans which complemented the vanilla flavor very well.  You can really taste the vanilla and the egg whipped in.  But if I did a blindfold taste and put out a cup of vanilla frozen yogurt or frozen custard I don't think I can still tell the difference.  I look forward to trying other flavors without the all the sundae toppings next time.  I'll probably only be back on the weekends because of their weird hours.  It's CASH only and if you don't mention what flavor you want it's always going to be vanilla by default.
2	My husband chose the popular "Western" and I went with "Chocolate Crisp". Seconds later, we had sundaes in hand. The custard is smooth and creamy, and his choice was better than mine. His had hot caramel and fudge with pecans. Mine was pretty sweet with the chocolate sauce and it lacked any crisp. The peanuts were more like saw dust. The damage for two sundaes was nearly twelve bucks ($5.25 each). Can't say it's worth it.
5	This is by far my favorite place to go for or a cold treat!There is nothing like frozen custard. Its so smooth and creamy.And Luv-It does it better than any others in Vegas. During fall they do a pumpkin custard.HEAVEN!!Its good I live on the other side of town!But if I am driving by/through its a must stop!
5	There may be something about hole-in-the-wall places that Yelpers love, and this one lives up to all expectation.Though they have a large variety of flavors, they only offered like 5 of them the day I dropped by.  I guess that makes sense for a small operation to only make a few flavors daily... and that did add to its allure.Everyone in my party enjoyed the frozen custard they got, but my cousin didn't take a Lactaid prior to eating... and he suffered after.One piece of advice: if you're trying this place out in the sweltering heat of summer, don't get a freakin ice cream cupcone like I did... the frozen custard will melt, and WASH down your hands within seconds.  Get a styrofoam cup, and don't wait for the rest of your friends to order theirs before enjoying yours ;)
3	Tasty, fresh frozen custard. I liked Luv-It, but I don't see anything super special about it (maybe because I'm from IL and frozen custard is everywhere here? Is it not as common in NV?). I enjoyed my custard, but the single scoop is TINY, given the price, and the ready-to-eat flavor selection is pretty limited. (You can get more flavors in big take-home containers, I think.) I would probably return on a day when they had a special flavor that I wanted to try (maybe pumpkin!).
3	ive known about this place for a long time but just never went because its so far from my house. i finally went and definitely wasnt disappointed. i got vanilla and the gf got chocolate. both flavors were really good. good enough to drive all the way across town? eh. this place does make for the perfect treat if youre in the area though.
5	If you were to try one place in Vegas, this would be the place. This place makes other frozen custard places taste like...um...ice cream, eww! You can't go wrong with any of the flavors. The best part of this frozen custard is its airy texture and rich taste. If you were to choose a flavor I would go with Rocky Road or Maple Walnut. Almond Chip is also a great choice. Don't let its exterior or the ambience scare you (It's behind a few dumpsters near the Olympic Garden), this place is foolproof from disappointment. Go eat now!
5	Dessert of the gods! Seriously, this stuff is truly delicious. Hole in the wall, shotty neighborhood, thugs left & right; but its worth potentially getting mugged.
5	We FINALLY made it to Luv-It last night around 10:30pm.  There were 3 people in front of us (which was great, because I heard the line is usually really long.)  We checked their flavors on our way down with our friends- Banana and Mango.  ehhh... not something we were interested in, but thats ok.  Chocolate & Vanilla are always on the menu.Two of us ordered a vanilla & chocolate with chocolate jimmies (jimmies = sprinkles), one ordered the Western Sundae (their most popular) and our other friend ordered vanilla with fresh bananas, hot fudge and orea cookie crumbles.  The total was $18... not bad.  WARNING: IT IS CASH ONLY!  If you need to use an ATM, then you have to go to the Mart next door.We decided to stand outside and watch the strippers walk into their place of employment- The OG.  That was fun!  haha!  We also watched a hooker get picked up by a red car.  OK, so yes, place is in the ghetto.  Was it that bad- no way.  I heard the girl that plays Kelly on "The Office" said this place was like hell.  Not in a million years.If you like custard, go to this place.  I'll be going back later this month to get the Pumpkin flavored custard!  Can't wait!
5	This is the best frozen custard place in the country! If you come to Vegas and don't come here, you have wasted your trip! The quality and deliciousness of the home made custard is truly addictive. My Dad brought my Mom here before I was born and we have made it a family tradition ever since. Try it...you'll LUV-IT!!!
5	Luv-itz is one of Vegas' worst kept secrets for sure.  Definitely not a tourist spot by far, as its far down Las Vegas Blvd, into a less glamorous part of town, but believe me the trip is worth it.Awesome sized portions of delicious dreamy custard, with dozens of different sundae options, even though the western is what everyone in their right mind should order!Just make sure you bring cash, as Luv-It still does not take credit cards!
5	Heard their Champagne Cherry was awesome, so stopped in today to try it. AWESOME!! It needs to be on the flavor menu more often. Also loved the Coffee Chip. Both were stellar and super yum. Do drive from across town for these flavors. :)  Custard is so much better than ice cream!!!
5	Have u ever looked upward to the sky toward the Stratosphere Hotel Casino tower? Guess what, somewhere around its vicinity is Vegas' best-kept secret!! Sssshhh, my secret for a long time since I had it....it is to me the besssssttt frozen custard in this city everrr! I am sure not much of a secret to some who shares my love for "Luv-It Frozen Custard"!! "Luv-It Frozen Custard" has been around long before the nearby hotels were built. Matter of a fact: 37 years! This is a popular go-to place for locals but tourists are not so much aware of it, although surely some knows about it but keep it to themselves.Last night I ventured out there for it. I had the "Luv-It Special". I have been ordering "The Western Special" before. I love chocolate and that's what it is but last night I tried the "Luv-It Special" and it's a new favorite! It has the frozen custard which is made of eggs and milk, pecans, marshmallow, strawberries and cherry. I had hot chocolate fudge and bananas added to it for my very own "luv-it mine"...lol. Funny, Greg Tiedemann, the owner who served me (and i would guess everyone else at the window) had to stop and think before he made my order, but he said he like my combination. (Check out my photos). Know what, I can't have my frozeeee custeee without chocolateeee. The moment I had my hands on my special order and savored it, I was in heaaaavennn....so coool ,so goood, I was on highhhh LOLFor more info, "Luv-It Frozen Custard" is located in the not-so-good downtown area of Las Vegas on the northern "Strip". There is this small rather cute retro-looking building structure situated in a parking lot with a sign that screaaaams "Love" because it's in red with a heart on a white background. Now if that's not making my heart beat fast, what else? Look up toward the business' sign and looming behind it is the Stratosphere tower. If you are lucky, you won't have to wait in line. Just walk up to the window to order from a board list posting of a variety of frozen custard choices with various ingredients from nuts to berries, to fruits, to fudge, to chocolate, sundaes, malts, shakes, frozen bananas, whips, luv sticks. "The Banana Split Special" is on the menu list which is another of my favorite to order. The moment  you get your order, you wouldn't think of anything else while you savor the frozen custard of your choice... seat not needed. Mmmmm...Just coooool up and live it up! Love It!!!! eh, I mean Luv-It!!!
4	This is a great stop!  Last night, I decided to skip dessert at Casa Don Juan and instead head for Luv-It.  I've been here before, but it was on my way to McCarran.I got the Rum Rainbow - one of the flavors of the week.  It was rich in rum flavor and the rainbow evidently came from sprinkles added to the mix that melted and left colored streaks.  It was very flavorful and very smooth.I really like this place.  Now if it would just move to Summerlin, I'd be happy - and broke!
5	Oh my God this place is Google!!  Don't even bother with the rest of the synthetic crap out there. The western rocks. The place is unique.  We went there all the time and it was never disappointing.  The dude who owns the place is kind of a trip, but he really isn't as grumpy as he seems...he is just serious type. God I miss this place!Keep eating local!!
5	Love love Luv it!  Why had I not heard about this place in the 2 years that I lived here?!  I guess that's probably a good thing considering I'd probably get caught eating frozen custard 5 times a week and then become qualified for lap band surgery. This sweet little place is full of old school charm, and its right by the Stratosphere, so be warned.... the neighborhood is a little rough around the edges.Orders are taken at the walk up window which opens at 1:00pm. There was a line when we got there!  And it was a Monday. Geez, people.  I guess the secret is out. The flavor selection changes daily, since the ice cream is made fresh in small batches.  Luv it has all kinds of flavors, toppings, and sundaes which makes it hard to decide. So, I went with their recommendation: the Western Sundae, and it is so effing good. The vanilla  ice cream is rich and super creamy, topped with chocolatey hot fudge, caramel and pecans.  I think I need to lay down.   Another great sundae is the Banana Fudge Krumble, which has hot fudge, sliced bananas, oreo cookie crumbles.  Wow.  Vegas is lucky to have this frozen custard shop.  My body is lucky that I don't.
3	Based on the stellar reviews of this place I think a lot of people may disagree with me but I wasn't impressed.  The location has cute vintage charm but the frozen custard tasted like regular ice cream to me.  Maybe I was expecting something more 'custardy' because of the name.  I ordered one of the cups that came with butterscotch, bananas and nuts.  The ingredients were quality but it still just tasted pretty basic. If I lived around the corner I might come here to satisfy my sweet tooth every once in a while but I much prefer gelato, yogurtland or coldstone..
5	LOVE IT! I've visited before, but that was years ago. I'm so glad I made time to come back. Luv-It is located north of all the casinos, right by the Stratosphere, i.e. the sketchier part of the strip. But that's Chuck E Cheese compared to Skid Row in LA. Anyway, I digress. The custard is thick, smooth, rich, and creamy - just like I remembered. I got the Luv-It special with chocolate custard, frozen strawberries and salted pecans. So damn delicious. I wish I stayed another day just to have this again.
5	Luv It has been around since I was a teenager and it's just as good now as it was then!! This is one of those family businesses that has stayed true to their origins. The custard is always perfect and the selection of flavors is great. My wife and I love the Western Sundae with butter pecan custard! It is truly a little slice of heaven! Plan on waiting a little bit to be served, it's a one man show, but it is worth it!! Plenty of celebs frequent Luv It, so be on the lookout!!
5	I tried the Western Sundae . . . it was yummy! Glad i don't live in Vegas or else i would be there all the time trying all the items on the menu. I can't wait to return and try the caramel sundae! There wasn't a line when we where there we went right up to the window and placed our order. I will be back! :)
5	First have to thank my wife for wanting a frozen treat, haha.  I have to admit, at first glance I was a little hesitant, but all that went away once I dove into my delicious custard.  Luv It!  My wife and I will be coming back next time we're in Las Vegas.
5	Best frozen Custard ive ever had Smooth and creamy and lots of diffrent flavors the pumpkin is my favorite so far ive been a half a dozen times and its always a treat! butterscotch jimmys mmmm..... about ten dollars for two icecreams but worth every penny.
4	Maybe my problem is that I'm always comparing Vegas institutions to my hometown favorites--maybe if I stopped doing that, I'd be a little more satisfied with life. As it is, eating at Luv-It, I can't help but feel a little ripped off that it doesn't compare to other frozen custard places I've eaten at. The prices are a little higher, the custard has a little less flavor, the neighborhood is a lot less family-friendly--last time I was there a guy came up to my car asking for money to buy his suicidal friend a beer--but examined in its own right, Luv-It is still pretty great. The custard is creamy and good, and the experience itself is worth it. Luv-It's may not be the best frozen custard, but it's good, and it's all we've got!
4	I always stop here before I spend my hard earn money on hookers, gambling, boose and buffets.. and SO SHOULD YOU.They call the ice cream here custard. I was always confused which is what but there is no doubt in my mind that this is a must visit if you are in Vegas. Just a little bit off of the strip and new OG (olympic gardens strip club.. for the guys).
3	Vegas locals are nuts about Luv-it.  But to be honest, I don't really get it.  Don't get me wrong, anything frozen and sweet is a score in this heat.  However, they don't have much variety of flavors.  I've been there a few times after 9 pm and the shop ran out of most of its flavors, leaving me with chocolate and vanilla to choose from.  That's a little annoying.  And, while I get that custard is different than ice cream, the taste of Luv-it custard isn't really distinct enough to celebrate.However, the sundaes are pretty amazing.  The nut topping is freshly toasted and the fudge isn't too sweet.
4	Yum Yum in my Tum Tum.. Soft, fresh and served to fulfill.. The only downside is that it's a bit on the pricier side. But would still go back.. LOL.. Luv-it Frozen Custard wins this round.
4	After hearing about how good the frozen custard was here, a few of us went to go grab some for a whimsical snack. The location is a wee bit off the strip and the appearance of the establishment might be a little inconspicuous, but the deliciousness that is frozen custard makes it worth it to make the trip. This was one of the many highlights on my recent trip to Vegas.There were four flavors to pick from and we got to taste a sample of the Almond Chip. This flavor had a good taste without having too much almond flavor and there were real chocolate chips mixed in. My friend who recommended the place suggested Vanilla over Almond Chip. So I took her word for it and got a single scoop of Vanilla. After that first bite I was glad I listened to my friend. You can't tell that it's custard and it tastes like ice cream. The texture is a little creamier and it doesn't melt that fast. It's the perfect consistency between yogurt, gelato, and ice cream. The single scoop was enough to hit the spot, but not make me feel like it was too much.I think the man who served us was the owner... he may come off as a little serious at first, but he provided nice service. Next time I'm in Vegas I would probably venture out to make a stop here again.
4	sorry to say you lose a star and a half luv-it and i spoke so highly of you and your frozen gold,well i was so dissapointed last night i had the mint chip custard  i have been wanting since we found this place and it was all melty i made a mess allover the car with the melted custard that they served me. they must have had there tempature on the freezer wrong or something... so disapointing..
5	This place is a LV landmark. Everyone should try it. Period.Now the details...Yes, it is in a shady neighborhood close to the Stratosphere, but SO worth it.The have weird hours ( I think they are closed Mon & Tues or something)...and they are CASH ONLY! I never carry cash, so this is a big deal for me.The custard? AWESOME. Not alot of flavor selections, but awesome anyway.I recommend the Western Sundae.
4	I LUV-IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Frozen Custard is made of eggs. So... to those who aren't into eggey things..... be careful!But because it is made of eggs.... it has a reallllyyyyy riCh taste & texture. It's heavier than ice cream and fro yo, but It doesn't taste like ice cream, or frozen yogurt...it's FROZEN CUSTARD! My friends and I went on a weekday probably around 3pm. No one was there, which meant...I get to order really fast! =) the gentleman who was the manager..was very open to sharing with me what LuV-Its was and what flavors they had available that day. They don't serve ALL the flavors in a single day. it varies because they wanna keep the frozen custard fresh. anyway... I liked it!! =D
4	Luv-It is one of those places that you just have to try when you're visiting Las Vegas.While some locals can't get enough of this place, others really just don't get it.  Here's the scoop.  The menu of flavors by the window (usually 4 flavors) is what they have on any given day.  That's it.  If you want to try any of the other flavors on the really big sign, you'll have to get some that was packed away.  The flavors on the sign by the window is what is fresh and available today.  Two staple flavors on the list are Vanilla and Chocolate but the other two flavors change with the day, season, and position of the stars in the sky.  Flavors you don't want to miss when they have them are the LEMON and the FRESH BANANA NUT.  I'm a big fan and stop by whenever I have the chance.  I see that some people are saying the frozen custard here is a little pricey but as anyone in Vegas knows, sometimes you need to pay for happiness! :)
3	GREAT SUCCESS! J and I made it to Luv-It right before they closed. Well, technically they were closed (the closed sign was already in the window) but the girls were nice enough to accommodate my request. They had run out of all the interesting flavors and only had vanilla left, but I wasn't going to complain.The texture of the custard was very thick and creamy. More dense than ice cream and not as soft as gelato, it was quite delicious. I wish they had had some of their other flavors available, but I was still happy with what I got. If I ever have a car out in Vegas, I'll make it a point to stop by again.
5	Oh my!  I can't say enough about this place.  Its like ice cream went bionic.  The custard is rich, creamy and delicious.  They always have the standard flavors of chocolate and vanilla with daily special flavors.  Some of my favorites are the almond chip with chocolate chips and the champagne cherry.   The perfect storm of flavor combinations is the wild cherry and lemon!  It will blow you away!  The western sundae is amazing, but so is a scoop of vanilla on a sugar cone.
5	LUV IT!!!When in Vegas, frozen custard is a must! Its better than ice cream. Made fresh daily and once its gone its gone so don't wait till 10. I prefer vanilla but when they were out I had to try  new flavors and so far they've all been good. If you're hesitant they do give samples :)Bottom line, you gotta try it!PS It's just past the Stratosphere to the right of an Arco gas station
5	My wife & I frequen this place. I live about 25 minutes away from this place but sometimes we are here 3 times a week. Our favorites are the luv-it special, western & banana split. My daughter likes the bumble berry. Sometimes I will order a pint of their frozen custard and usually it takes me longer to finish it than a regular half gallon of ice cream from the supermarket because it's very packed unlike store bought ice cream, which to me now is half air.
5	Leave it to Craig Ferguson to call Luv-It as one of the top places to see in Vegas. He's so right! Although this place is located in a seedy part of town, there is always an evening line of folks from all walks of life (families, foodies, single people with the munchies). I would gladly risk getting shot at for a taste of their delicious frozen custard. The owner makes them fresh every day. The custard selection is limited, although there's a variety of toppings like caramel, chocolate syrup, bananas, and cherries. The menu also changes daily, and they accept only cash. It is perhaps for these reasons that I find this place to have an old-school, endearing feel. It's one of Vegas' hidden local gems - a great place to go for some wonderful sugar high of frozen custard.
5	This place gets me every time.. its so soft and fluffy.. with just the right amount of sweetness.. I always have to make a stop here whenever i'm in Vegas! :) :) :)
5	this place is so old and ghetto yet so good! I'm sure everyone tried frozen yogurt now since it's EVERYWHERE. but this place serves frozen custard! YUM! it's so good. frozen yogurt is like the healthier kind of ice cream, but frozen custard i think is the opposite because it's higher in fat. anyways, that's not the point, ice cream wouldn't be good if it's not fattening right? i was looking forward to this place, first time we went, it was closed, they're only opened between 1 pm - 10 pm. so next day, we made a second trip there, thinking for half a day of what i was gonna order, then realizing that they only have limited of flavors each day. On the window, it says "flavor of the day." The girl was nice enough to ask if i wanted to try it, so i tried the mint+chip and wild cherry. I never like any other kind of mint+chip besides the one from rite aid (thrifty ice cream), so i didn't expect this place to have the mint+chip that i like anyways. So i tried the wild cherry (i never liked wild cherry flavor) but this one is good! esp good with another scoop of chocolate frozen custard. the ice cream is sooo smooth and creamy...soo delicious. and the good thing is that it doesn't melt as fast as regular ice cream does. The only thing is that this is not on the strip, it's more like in downtown LV area that people usually don't go to. But if you're in the area, you gotta try it.
4	Seedy, walk-up window serving up frozen custard!It's just off the strip, but the location is pretty ghetto.  What's worse is we couldn't find it at first and drove around even more ghetto neighbourhoods before we found it.  We were almost too afraid to get out of a car until we saw a 6-year old walk up to the window :)  Then we got out.It's not terribly different from a soft-serve sundae from Dairy Queen.  The custard is just a lot more dense.  Their junior sizes are still bigger than anything I can finish though.
5	Nothing more I can say that hasn't been said.  Tasty custard in a bad neighborhood.  The banana split rocks.
4	mmmmm that's good frozen custard. What? It's still the later parts of winter and the beginning of spring hasnt started yet? What? too cold for frozen Custard? meh didnt really matter.The Hot Apple and Walnut was pretty good. The apples didnt have too much of a Cinnamon taste but the custard was real nice.Next time gonna shoot for one of the higher profile specials.
5	Never had frozen custard before but this was damn good go for the crunch topping. For those of you who dont know custard is made with eggs and has a smoother texture than soft serve or yogurt
1	Another BOGO disappointment from the Las Vegas entertainment book.  Skip this place as the custard has a low milk fat content and thus isn't rich and creamy at all.  Best described as "grainy", something like you'd get out of a Chinese food buffet soft serve machine.  Simply go elsewhere and save yourself from regret.
4	I have been to Luv It several times over the years.  The ice cream itself, and the one guy who practically lives there, are great.  I have yet to be displeased with anything I have gotten there.  Maybe a hair expensive but everything is now a days.  I think the only reason I give it 4 stars is location.  I am scared to take my daughter out of the car there.  Maybe as a young single person, you might not care about the constant homeless people asking you for money and circling the place, but as a dad, I don't like it.  Parents are over cautious for a reason, because it's not about us, it's about our kids.  Dispite this one extremely important fact, I love Luv It.
5	Spectacular!  A co-worker introduced this place to me and ever since I get cravings for their salted pecans!  My husband grew up in Las Vegas and I couldn't believe he had never heard of Luv It...We went there and he's officially hooked!  Lol!  Can't remember the name but we tried the one with sprinkles and marshmallows.  (With a cherry on top!)  Awesome!  My new favorite!  If you're in the mood for a real taste treat delight...Go there! Make sure you bring cash...pretty sure Luv-it is cash only.
4	Frozen Custard. What's not to like? Perhaps the fact that this place is in the deep underbelly of ghetto fabulous Vegas and nestled under the shadow of the Stratosphere? For sure, it's not in the greatest neighborhood. But have no fear. What doesn't kill you only fills your tummy with sweet goodness.I'll be honest. I'm never in that part of town. As a result, I can't see myself returning to Luv-It any time soon. But that doesn't make me any less of a fan. It's Frozen Custard. It's yummy. End of line.
4	Oh the awesome frozen goodness this place offers. I LOVE the fact that they make their ice creams rather than getting it shipped from somewhere. They have a great selection of flavors; I just wish they would offer all of them everyday rather than a couple of them on selected days. :P I could see myself get uberly fat off this place. I'm so glad this place is far from where I live or else I'd be in serious debt and/or suffer from diabetes, some kind of cardiovascular disease and just gain weight that I probably won't be able to burn off quickly. I usually get the Luv it special. It comes with a marachino cherry which I don't care too much for, a great balance of chopped up, semi-salty pecans and strawberries--all topped on the creamiest, smoothest vanilla custard...Also, if you're not cool with sketchy places, you might feel uncomfortable here as this place is in a shadier part of town and it isn't well lit at night.
3	Ok. Not fantastic. Overpriced and overrated on yelp.
5	I never miss a chance to visit Luv It Frozen Custard every time I visit Las Vegas.  The wait lines are a testament to how good this frozen custard really is.  Smooth, sweet and ever so creamy.  Simply the best in the world.
3	So I came back again in November 2010, about a year after my first visit.  Things haven't changed much, though I think the hours of operation have been cut back even further.. arrived shortly after 2pm and they weren't open yet!   The menu offerings were limited, and no special seasonal flavors this time.. so I'm deducting one star from my previous review.  I'll try back again in November '11!
4	February 7th, 2011 I went here while staying at the Stratosphere and started craving ice cream type places on Yelp.  This place popped up and was very close by so I gave it a shot.  Definately dont want to be walking around this part of town at night, felt like I had to watch my surroundings/back when paying for it lol.  Anyway so I ordered a Junior size Western ($4.70 tax included) and it was pretty flavorful, better than I expected from this type of ice cream/custard.  Its kinda cool how you actaully see it come out the the machine there, kinda being squeezed out slowly by a large toothpaste container lol. I will be back here very soon!!
4	Being a frequent visitor from Hawaii which lacks many of the continent's more popular eateries finding new places to eat in Vegas can be a fun and adaptive experience. Local people appear to follow a cycle of places to eat which depends on word of mouth from other local travelers. For example, people just turning 21 who are visiting Vegas will inevitably find themselves eating at places like Olive Garden, Applebee's, In & Out, and of course the many popular hotel buffets. Eventually, they will get tired of these places and see them more as novelties with marginal food quality and as their hearts steel with courage they venture off to find new dining opportunities. That is where a place like Luv-It comes into the picture.It is off the beaten path, semi-literally as our GPS could not get us there. We kept getting stuck in the main intersection and even ended up at Stratosphere once. When we did get there, we were surprised to find a very small, hole in the wall place. For all the good things we had heard about the place, we were expecting more of a ice cream parlor type of store. But regardless of appearance, the quality of the food easily overcame our trepidation and we have made this a frequent stop on every trip we take.  We have had many of the different flavors, but I still enjoy the Luv It Special. The pecans and other goodies just make my mouth happy. So for those who are looking to try something new while visiting Vegas. Update your GPS maps and head for Luv It Custard. It can be a little tricky to find the first time and its appearance and dining areas may turn some away, but the quality of food is great and it is a nice treat in the Vegas heat. Especially for those from places like Hawaii, that lack a strong frozen custard presence.
4	Finding places in Las Vegas to eat at is difficult.  Invariably, I attend trade shows on the strip, but yet I yearn for ways to escape the strip and eat "where the locals do."A good rule of thumb in Las Vegas is to find places where a car in the parking lot with a plate from outside Nevada is a rarity.  Luv-It is one of those places.  Even though it's in the shadow of the Stratosphere, my California plates was the only "foreign" car in the parking lot.
4	Service - 7Atmosphere - 7Food - 7Vegetarian Friendly - NAGeneral Awesomeness - 8Can't go wrong!!
4	Here's the situation. I think we've all been there-Its hot in Vegas, middle of the afternoon-I had too many free drinks last night-Don't really want to blow my meager winnings just yet This place has some tasty frozen custard - its heavy, and will cool off that temper of yours. I highly recommend a visit here - you know exactly what you will lose (a couple of bucks) and exactly what you will gain (tasty treat, some weight)Take a cab, drive that pos rental car, or even go for a walk, this place is worth it.
5	I Luv-it. I hadn't had frozen custard before (at least not knowingly) and I definitely like it better than frozen yogurt and soft serve -- which is what it looks like.I got the Western Sundae. Basically it's deliciousness served in a cup. Heaps of frozen custard, topped with caramel and hot fudge, sprinked with salted pecans, and finished with a cherry on top. Golly Gee Willickers, Batman! Better answer the Batphone because this thing is out of control.I will say that while the frozen custard is definitely playing the lead role here, the salted pecans stole the show. Such a nuanced performance is truly best supporting actor Oscar worthy. If I were frozen custard, I would be thanking my lucky stars for having such an amazing ensemble to perform with nightly.
4	Hole in the wall spots are always the best tasting!
4	This place is awesome.  I have been going there for over 30 years.  The Western Special Sundae is the best!  My only complaint is that they should really put some seating outside and spruce up the sidewalk.  It is in a scetchy neighborhood, but that doesnt seem to stop families and children from lingering in the area.  There is always a line of people outside in the summer at night
5	Had a cup of the Swiss Almond last night.  OMG.  Great place, and a favorite of various hip and creative locals, as well as the more daring visitor here and there.  The frozen custard has to be tried to be believed.
2	I really wanted to luv Luv-it Frozen Custard, but sadly it was mediocre at best. The location is off the strip and in a totally shady part of town, at several points during our short visit, I feared for my purse.I order the "Luv-It Special" which comes topped with fresh strawberries & pecans. For my taste the toppings over powered the custard, which alone is wonderful. However, the lady at window was super friendly and asked me if I wanted to sample the flavor of the day, coconut. Maybe Frostbite http://www.yelp.com/biz/frostbites-crepes-and-frozen-delights-cypress#query:frostbite has upped my custard standards, but Luv-it left something to be desired. That being said for under $5 a portion, it's worth a try if you're curious.
5	This is the ultimate cure for my sweet tooth. I go there several times a week. It is the place I take my friends and family when they visit and they fall in love with it. You can see Rolls Royces to mini van's parked outside. Everyone who tries it knows it's the best frozen dessert in Las Vegas.
5	Actually quite delicious. The custard is creamy and a definite treat on a hot LV day. The day we came, they only had 4 flavors available, so I will have to come back and try some of the more unique ones. But the chocolate is wonderful!
5	Total awesomeness!! Better than any froyo place I've ever been to - the location is a little sketchy, but it's safe. My friend and fellow Yelper (PT) Ruth L. introduced me to this place a long time ago & I can't wait to go back for a little snack!!
4	Luv-it is awesome!It's a frozen custar shop down on las Vegas BLVD right in a not so nice area.It's hard to explain the four star rating but it's all based on the custard.Maybe it was just hot, but it really hit the spot.They have different flavors made daily.When I went there were four.I got rocky road and my friend got lemon.I got them in waffle cones.For a 2 of our single scoop waffle cones it was about 7 dollars.The cone is big and they fill it through the cone so a single cone is definitely the way to go because after finishing the cone, I was satisfied and not super full. It wasn't full of nuts and marshmallows but it was exactly right for me because I wanted the custard!I'll definitely go back for this four star dessert.But! These are my cons.Cash only! LOTS of bums, bad area.The small selection is annoying but keeps people going back.
4	OK..this place is in the Gheettooooo! But thats alright as long as the food is good I will trek anywhere. Its located in a lot next to a liquor store and across from Stratosphere.Now when I say Ghetto...I am not lying.. A guy walks into the Liquor Store and asks me for some cash so that he can buy a 40. Seriously? I'll give him a point for honesty.Now back to the custard...its usually good, but really it depends on the day you go. You need to check their website if you want to really know what flavor is in store for the day and to see if they are open. They do take time off in the winter, but usually in summer its full swing.I usually get one of the specials on the menu...or plain custard with some kind a fruit. Sorry I am not a chocolate guy so usually that eliminates half of the stuff. The custard is so creamy and its made daily - you can see the owner making it in the machine. The waffle cones are great and sometimes I will really treat my self and get a huge sundae.Its consistently good and hits the spot in the hot dessert sun.check out their site to find out hours and flavors: www.luvitfrozencustard.com/
5	We got here 15 minutes before closing on a Friday night and the place was packed but the service was fast. My boyfriend had the Butterscotch sundae and loved it.  I got a 3 scoop dish with vanilla, coffee chip and chocolate. The vanilla and coffee chip were good but the chocolate was excellent. We'll definitely be back!
5	Best vanilla frozen custard you have ever had....  The Western Sundae is my favorite (I have them put the hot fudge on one side, the hot caramel on the other and the nuts in the middle)...  Just like on Sienfeld, I need to control the hot-fudge distribution :-)  Seriously, this is a must stop in Las Vegas.  As locals -- we try to get there as often as possible.  My husband loves fruit flavors -- so peach is his favorite.  Also, sundaes with fruit toppings.   They are located near the Stratosphere and worth the trip.  Other favorites are the Scotch Jimmy sundae - which has butterscotch, bananas and "jimmies".... You can get their classic sundaes, make one up or just opt for a cone.  The vanilla custard really does stand alone -- it is amazing.  I'm not big on other flavors -- but any sundae made with vanilla custard is a winner.
5	I'm going to sound like a broken record, but the Western Sundae is heavenly, salty-sweet goodness in a paper cup! The hole in the wall location, cash-only policy, and lack of seating speaks volumes about this place: it's all about the custard. No frills, just tasty frozen desserts.Do yourself a favor and stop here. I'm glad I did.
4	This place is a must especially for summer time. Amazing fresh custard in so many different flavors!The Lemon and Butter pecan are my favorite. Check their www for hours and flavorsDont be scared by the location....for all good things are not in Green Valley or Summerlin.
5	Hidden little stand just off LV Blvd.  Delicious frozen custard, just like I love!!!
5	Thanks to yelp, we were introduced to this amazing fro-cus (if that's a word) place... and we've been fans ever since. Every time we're in Vegas, Luv-It is a must for sure. I usually get the banana split, I know it sounds plain and simple, but it's a little different here. The service is nice and custard is delivered quickly when there isn't a line. It's basically just a hole in the wall... literally. but it's so good here!It's all the way down the strip by the Stratosphere off Oakey, can't miss it, it's just a big ol box with an order window.
5	One of my favorite places in the world. I remember a friends mom bringing me here when I about fifteen and I never had money to go, or time...but when I get down there it is the random treat. The boyfriend prefers froyo to custard...I know, I know, but I love him and have to pretend to respect his opinions. Because custard can drop kick some froyo in the teeth and take its purse. This place is great. I dont mind the bad neighborhood, it gives it some ambiance. If you can't accept ghetto Vegas at its worst, you don't deserve it at its best! They have different flavors every day, and make sure you bring cash or you will be directed to the lovely convenience store across the parking lot, and possibly score some crack at the same time.  Going here is always a visit to real vegas, and te best place to go when I am down.
4	Mmm baby... all down my throat, I accepted you, all of you...Oh, Oh, Oh, yeah, mmm yeahOh, Oh, yeah, mmm yeahOh, yeah, mmm yeahOh, Oh, yeah, mmm yeahIt is about time I do my review on the "Famous" LUV-IT!I had a cup of the Swiss Brownie Nut w/ swiss chocolate, brownie and walnuts!Mmmmm a delicious cup of melt in my mouth goodness that took my oral and sweet sensation to a higher level.I have experienced LUV-IT many many years ago, that was just a one night stand as I was only visiting Vegas at the time from San Diego.Tonight having a night with LUV-IT once again was just like the first time, soft, sweet, slow, melting hot in my mouth. I swallowed and took in LUV-IT deep, all the way down my throat, to that special place. My belly was happy, oh so happy and thankful.I adore you LUV-IT, I need you, I want you, I dig you, I take you in whole.Mmmmm yummy, the next time I have a moment with you to savor and swallow you will not be soon enough.I love when your creaminess runs down and drizzles over my chin, you are just all over the place!!! I love that so much!
4	FROZEN CUSTARD!!!!!!!  Do I really need to say more?they have different daily specials and their sundaes are ridiculous.the first time I was there I just got a chocolate one on a cone.  but when I went back the next day, they had a peanut butter one listed and I asked to try a sample.  It was basically a reese's peanut butter cup in frozen custard form.
4	Why does something so great, have to be so far from my domicile?This is some rich, creamy, eggy goodness.  I thought I could handle two scoops no problem.  One is definitely enough, but if you're up for the man vs. food challenge, go for the triple scoop.  Food comas never tasted so good.
4	This frozen custard is worth the trip to Vegas. I love how they just hand you it out the window and you stand there eating it on the curb. It was an interesting mix of customers: local weirdos, guys in suits, slick dudes in fancy cars, cops, placated thugs, you name it. Best business model ever. 4 bucks, here's your delicious freshly-made frozen custard, now stand there and eat it in our ghetto parking lot. Well done, Luv-It.
4	Pretty much a classic, well made walk up custard stand. Great tasting and fresh made every couple of hours. I had their maple walnut custard and added hot caramel and salty pecans- heaven!
2	I had amazing custard at the Green Valley Ranch buffet. From then on, I became obsessed with finding custard. Let's just say I was not impressed and I've been on more than one occasion, and have tried a few flavors.It's cold and sweet so it's impossible to be bad, but it just doesn't taste like custard. It tastes like something you can get from the freezer section. I've tried three flavors.. Chocolate - Nothing special. Coffee Chip - Coffee part was okay, but the chips were crazy bitter. Mint Chip - Underwhelming.I've been a few times. There's a million places I'd rather go besides here, but I'm not saying I'd never go again if I was in the neighborhood. It's just ok... and overpriced!Have cash if you go.
5	Took the family here because we saw great reviews on Yelp. It was definitely worth the drive up the strip. I think this place will be on our list of stops every time we come to Vegas.
5	Luv Its has been around the valley for 30+ years. You dont stay in business with a bad product thats for sure... and Luv Its has mastered the custard game !!!Its smooth, it's thick, it's creamy... everything I want and NEED in a custard. In addition to that they have some very wonderful creations such as my personal favorite, the banana split. You get a whole banana with strawberrys, peanuts and just for fun they add in marshmallow fluff... Thats personally what I call love !! I've been coming here for years and will continue to come many more.. I Love It..
4	I am such a traitor.  I've betrayed Nielsen's Frozen Custard, which is from my hometown, and...I liked it!Unlike squeaky-clean Nielsen's, Luv-It is so confident in their frozen custard abilities that they just don't give a f*&# about their customers' comfort!Don't have any cash?  Too bad, go home.  Want seating?  Go sit on the crackhead in the alley.  Afraid of being knifed?  Suck it up.  Luv-It just doesn't care!  While Luv-It doesn't have the amazing Nielsen concrete (truly amazing), they do have awesome sundaes.  My favorites are the western sundae (caramel, hot fudge, vanilla custard, and toasted pecans) and Luv-It sundae (toasted pecans, strawberries, vanilla custard, and a cherry on top).  Their sundaes are the best in LV, in my opinion, and should be tried.I look forward to betraying Nielsen's many times in the future.
4	4.5 stars. Finally tried it. And I am a fan. The first and last time I had frozen custard was in Milwaukee, the "custard capital of the world" and must admit that this was way better than anything I had there.  It is definitely a hidden gem and I love the fact that this little humble stand has stood the test of time since 1973.  Since I love caramel, hot fudge, and pecans- I had to order the Western, and now I know why it is their #1 seller.  It is definitely delicious.  I am salivating just thinking about the creaminess of the custard and, the salty, sweet, and crunchy toppings.  I ordered a junior strawberry for my daughter and she loved it, but then again- she loves anything pink.  Since it is autumn, I see that Pumpkin is on their "flavor of the day" calendar.  I must definitely go back and try it, that is- if I can restrain myself from ordering the Western again. I am just grateful I don't live nearby and am not in that area often, because I would have it for dessert EVERY day.
3	I agree with the Yelper who suggested getting the frozen custard without all the overly sweet toppings... It's better to me that way.Huge servings! Boy this isn't on my diet but who cares?Really scary liquor store next door. Drunk homeless men yelling at us for money. Don't go alone!
5	If you haven't tried Luv-It Frozen Custard, you haven't lived in Vegas.  This is by far the GREATEST dessert place in town!It's a blue hole-in-the-wall type place on Oakey near the Stratosphere.  Their custard is made FRESH every day.  The flavor is rich, and the texture is just mesmerizing.This is NOT cheap, sugar coated, commercialized ice cream.  This is the real deal, folks.  You can really taste the quality.The owner and his family are very humble about their business.  They don't have a paid PR team running around tooting their horn like other restaurants that aren't even that great (*cough* five guys *cough*).  They know their product is good, and so they just want genuine, honest customers who are there because of good WOM referral.If only they could open another shop near Henderson, that would be most excellent for me and everyone else that side of town. :o)
5	SO. GOOD.! According to LV's own, the Killers' singer Brandon Flowers, this is "the best frozen custard in Vegas." These are his exact words when interviewed by Spin magazine: ---"[BF:] Dude, we should get custard!" "Custard," [drummer] Vannucii seconds. "Do you like Custard?" Flowers asks me. "I've never had it." "Oh, man. He's never had custard, for hell's sake! We gotta go to Luv Its. It's the best frozen custard in Vegas." Our driver navigates down East Oakley Boulevard toward a wood-paneled shack almost hidden from the main drag. "I'm so happy! I can't believe we're here," Flowers says, smiling. So we eat custard, eggy and rich.--If a world-famous rock star born in Vegas loves it, you know you will too. http://thesponge-dani.blogspot.com/2011/10/victims-pilgrimage-killers-fans-guide.html
5	Been hearing about this place since I moved to Sin City, finally made the effort to go even though it's only about 2 blocks from where I live.  Shame on me.  What I've been missing!  Denser, less sweet and filled with whole goodness of what ice cream should be.  I'm making my way through the 'sundae' menu and always happily consume every ounce of this wonderful product every time I go.Now you will hear and read about the sketchy neighborhood, but we've had no problems so far and have never felt like we were in any danger of any kind.  Maybe it's my NYC roots, but a it takes more than a couple of panhandlers to scare this chick away.  Craig Ferguson had it right that this is a must when in Vegas, don't let the paranoid rantings of some Valley Girl wannabe starlet keep you away.  Parked in the lot and standing on line you will see families patiently waiting for the just reward of digging into this wonderful dessert.  But take greenbacks, cause no cards are accepted.
4	I really enjoyed my visit to Luv-It.  I'll admit after hearing Craig Ferguson talk about it so many times, I needed to try it.  I really enjoyed it.  I had a sundae which was very good.  And the shadiness of the neighborhood, it just adds ambiance to the whole experience.
5	Best ice cream in the city! Just beware the neighborhood.
5	Really good frozen custard/ice cream. It was out of this world, I will definetly come back to this place when I go to Vegas. They also had Pumpkin Ice Cream, YUM YUM YUM. Hands down best Dessert place I've been to. Thank You Luv-it Frozen Custard for your hard work.
5	Luv-It is a standard in Las Vegas for a reason...and a good reason at that.  They have great custard!  It's that simple.  Also, it's in a sketchy part of town so you usually see interesting things go down while you wait in line.
5	Luv-It Frozen custard is honestly, beyond words. I've been going to this place since I was little. Hands down, THE best frozen dessert EVER, and I feel bad for you if you've never tried it. If you don't know what to order, just know, anything and everything you decide on will be amazing.x
5	This old school spot has some terrific sweets!  I had never heard of frozen custard, but my friend Madika suggested it since she's from Vegas.  I went twice and love it.  I had egg nog one time and black cherry the other.  I wasn't ready for full on sweetness so just got it with whipped cream but a lot of the others like the western looked soo good!  Can't wait to make this a regular stop on my visits to Vegas!
5	My wife and I read about this gem on the LA Time Machine's website.  A small building off Oakey near the Stratosphere end of the strip.  Delicious, fantastic.  We went there twice in twelve hours!   I can't recommend it enough.
5	Heavenly, creamy custard!Just my type of place.. a small old school business down in good ole' Las Vegas :) They have a diff featured flavor everyday.. and every week those 7 flavors are diff from the week before.. along with the featured flavor their are like 4 or 5 others each day...I had the Western Sundae made with Banana Nut Custard.. omg to die for.. waaaay to big & I ate it all.. ooops..lolMy husband had the Sprinkle special & LUVd IT as well :)So whether you're a tourist or a local I recommend swingin' by and giving them a try :)Prices are comparable to all the other joints.. coldstone, BR etc..  Right off of LV blvd on Oakey..
5	Wow, haven't been here in a while, still same old small little shop, order at the window outside and either eat standing in the parking lot, (not so safe feeling), or eat in the car.  I love the Western with hot fudge, carmel and pecans., ooh so good. This reminds me of my childhood days, eating custard like this at home!  My parents always made a custard like home churned, with each kind taking their turn sitting on top of the machine as someone turned the handle.  Same old flavor, but without all the work.
5	OMG, DELICIOUS!My husband and I were in Vegas for a friend's graduation and I needed to come here. I'm pretty sure this place was on TV. We actually drove totally out of our way on the way to the actual graduation, and after a big brunch, just to have some custard. They have a variety of custard flavors, which change daily, and a variety of toppings to put on. You can make up your own combo or pick from the board. They also do a standard size unless you tell them you want something else. We ordered the Western Sundae and goggled it up in the car within five minutes. The custard is thick and creamy and the toppings were good. They did skimp on the hot fudge sauce, but I'm not even mad because everything else was so good.
4	This place is honestly one of the hidden gems in Las Vegas. The variety of frozen custard sundaes they have are all delicious depending on what toppings you prefer. They are all prepared over vanilla frozen custard unless you specify a different flavor. However, they only offer a handful of custard flavors a day as most people seem to prefer the toppings over vanilla. My favorite would have to be the Banana Fudge Krumble (hot fudge, sliced bananas, and cookie krumble). The "krumble" is probably the finest ground Oreo cookie crumble imaginable--fine enough to choke on upon inhaling it (which I do quite frequently). :O Some sundaes are a bit on the sweet side i.e. the Butter Crunch (butterscotch and crunch). The "crunch" is what I believe to be finely cut pieces of butterscotch candy. Note: They do NOT go easy on the fudge, caramel, or butterscotch, so you might want to request it not being too heavy or you may be eating several spoonfuls of the above mentioned. Lastly, I personally have never been to Luv-it after dark by myself. It is not exactly in the best part of town considering it is walk-up window service and does often have several "interesting" passerbys... so bring a friend or two! Or maybe something to protect yourself with! ;) Order at the window, eat in the car, and lock your doors kids! Haha!
5	Wowzers, had the Western sundae with caramel, hot fudge and nuts...it was awesome.  They close at 10pm so don't go too late!  The neighborhood around here isn't the best but it's not unsafe, but I wouldn't blame them if someone tried to rob you of your sundae :P  :)
5	This is really awesome custard! Being from back east, I know custard. Really creamy, lots of flavor. They have set flavors, but also flavor of the day. You get a lot of custard for the money, so be hungry.
5	Ordered the Luv It Special with whipped cream (custard any flavor sundae with any topping, pecans and a cherry).   This was such a great sundae!   If I lived in Las Vegas, iwould go here way too often.  The sundae was huge too!  It is actually perfect to share.  So yummy!!
4	The Western sundae was delish but kind of expensive for a small dish of custard. We both went with vanilla/chocolate swirl.  I think we spent $11 for two of them, and it's not like this place is in the best neighborhood and has high rent.... Nonetheless, I'll likely return, as the custard was good and I'd like to try some other combos.
4	3.5 to be exact.My good pal Wo Z. keeps raving about this spot whenever we speak about Vegas. I recently had the chance to stop by. Yep, it's in a shady area. Keep heading North on the strip, pass the Stratosphere and it will be on you right hand side. Seriously, you go from Venetian, Palazzo, Wynn, Encore, and then dumpville. Even the guys who hand out those 1800-Girls-to-you pamphlets don't hang out here. I guess that is why everyone blasts this place as "a hidden gem" in no man's land. I'm sure the original owners put up this shack back in the day when it was still clean and not so seedy (est 1973).If you're able to get past the location then you're in for a sweet treat. After examining their menu on the side of the building, I approached their walk-up window counter. The young girl kind of gave me that look like I was supposed to know what to order and to say it in perfect Luv-It Custard lingo. Guess I didn't read that part on their website where it cites examples on how to place an order. http://www.luvitfrozencustard.com/menu.htmI asked her what flavors were available and she pointed to the sign that said, "Flavors today." Again, newb first-timer move by me.I ended up ordering the Hot Apple Walnut with vanilla custard. First, I will tell you that by default, if you do not state a size then they will automatically make a regular size. However, I believe certain items only come in one size. Also, if you don't mention a different flavor that you so desire, they are going to go with vanilla by default. Be sure to be specific when making your order. My order was pretty good. The vanilla custard was rich and the regular size was good enough to share between two people. Not sure if my apples were canned but other people in my party ordered some other stuff in which they said some of the fruits were canned. Whatever, it was still enjoyable.Wow factor 0-10: about a seven.I wouldn't say this tasty little treat was out of this world. It was good but not bangin' status. In all honesty, I would like to come back and try some of their other creations or maybe even a shake/malt merely out of curiosity. You are limited in flavors though, depending on what they are serving up for the day. You can check their website's calendar to see what is available before your visit. If I didn't have a car readily available, then I probably won't go out of my way in cabbing it here from the strip. I do know that I'll make it back eventually. They've been in business this long (nearly four decades), I know they are here to stay.
3	Let's call a spade a spade here... Not a whole lot of options in this town for frozen custard.. There's Luv-it and Nielsen's. I have visited both several times. Luv-it is in a bad section of town, cash only, no seating, limited menu, way too expensive for what you get, and comparing the actual custard, Nielsen's custard is the majors and Luv-it is little league. It's not horrible and since it's the only option in the area.. Go to Nielsen's if you can.. They Accept credit cards, owner is there daily hanging out and greeting customers, about 5 times the choices, great seating area, and nice part of town...
4	So there was this dingy little shack with a huge menu. I was surprised that this tiny little place had so many flavors. Was so excited, after 5 mins of thinking what flavors and topping to get. Got to the window and there a small 8 x 11 sign said they only have 5 flavors every week. Right you Serious. Then you should take down that humongous billboard sign of a menu. After that I was pretty upset. They had vanilla and chocolate is a always, taste test and it was bad. So got the cheesecake flavor. It didn't taste like cheesecake but sugary vanilla with a touch of something. The texture was good. Not like ice cream but a tiny bit of frozen yogurt kind of like texture. It was a bit pricey but what isn't nowadays.
5	I haven't been here in a while - it is such a drab part of town.  BUT, even with all the time that has passed it is still fantastic.  The neighborhood may be super-sketchy, but after taking out of town visitors to the Mob Museum, this was a perfect afternoon snack.  The custard is truly delicious and I love all of their sundae choices.  I had cheesecake custard, butterscotch sauce, banana slices and chocolate jimmies.  Everyone loved their own sundaes and my nephews were happy to see all of the tacky wedding chapels they had heard about.
5	HOLY BUTTERSCOTCH BATMAN...on regular vanilla custard? Yes, please. The night we went they also had a blueberry custard and I've never tried anything like it, waaaas AMAZZZZZINGGGGG. Located at the very north end of the strip, seemed to be quite the popular place for families on a Friday night.
5	I always get the Western.  I feel really special eating salted pecans. The flavors for the week are posted online, but you can't go wrong with vanilla or chocolate, which I believe they always have.If you are just arriving or just leaving Vegas, you must go here. There is really no need to get a large/regular.  I'd recommend getting the junior so you can immediately feel good after and eagerly await your next sin.
5	I lurve frozen custard!  It's a guiltier treat than frozen yogurt, but it's so effing good!  I just don't expect to find frozen custard West of Iowa.  As in the state of Iowa.  So imagine my surprise when I Yelped a frozen anything place while near downtown, and found a frozen custard joint?  I asked my pops-in-law if we could head over there, and he.....kinda circumvented the getting of the custard.  So later in the day after eating at Firefly with my wife and sis-in-law and her boyfriend, we wanted something for dessert, and Luv-It became the destination.  Yes it is cash only.  Yes it is in a sorta sketchy area.  But I'm used to sketchy due to living and working in some nasty Chicago neighborhoods, and vagrants don't bother me.  I mean they bother me, but I don't care.  But lucky for us, there was no reason to fret.  On to the custard.....Amaze-a-zing!  Sometimes custard leaves this strange dairy type of odor on my face, like when I eat cheese sometimes...TMI, I know, but not this custard!  I got a small vanilla in order to get a feel for their basic shiz, and I was not disappointed.  Good and cold, but not so cold that you can't taste the custard, smooth and air-free, just like good custard should be.  My wife got a Butter Crunch sundae.  I was too busy stuffing my face to see what was going on with hers other than that the topping was crushed so fine, I was worried she might inhale it and have a coughing fit.  I finished mine, then I finished hers.  And then I felt sick, in a good way.  "Try it, you'll Luv-It!"
5	The navi sent me on a mini detour but I finally found this place after being recommended by my fellow Yelper Rocky. :)   And I feel very fortunate because this place is a hidden jewel that only the locals know about.  I had never even known frozen custard existed and i'm not even sure if there is another place anywhere that serves frozen custard but if you're in Vegas it's well worth the stop.  I was expecting it to taste like frozen yogurt to be honest but it's not to be confused with froyo! This is definitely NOT froyo!  I had the Western custard which was topped with caramel, fudge and salted pecans.  The custard at first glance appears like yellow froyo but when you taste it, you really taste that egg base and note the smooth quality.  No icy pieces or airiness to this.  Very smooth, dense and tasty!  Even the salted pecans were fresh tasting!  :)~  mmmm!
5	I absolutely LOVE this place! It's me and a few of my friends secret spot. When friends come to town, although, I always have to take them there to get their full Vegas experience. I found this place looking up historic places in Las Vegas. The surroundings can be a little scary. Lots of homeless drunks around there, but the custard is so good you don't even care. I'm not a huge fan of the fact that it's cash only, but you just gotta remember to get some money before you leave, and if you forget, there's a gas station right behind it with an ATM you can go to.I always get the bumble berry and top it with bananas. Friends and family have tried a variety of their sundaes and daily custard specials and have never been disappointed! A regular is HUGE!
4	mmm! sketchy part of town but fun to grab one and go check out pawn stars down the block as well. the killers were right, this is beyond delish. try their homemade special "crunch" stuff, it's really good.
2	Not impressed. Good chance I won't be a repeat customer.
3	Tasted nice, creamy, and thick. Le girlfriend and I got the mango, and it had little bits of the fruit inside. It was a nice blend of creamy and fruity.I was upset though that there are only about 5 or 6 flavors available at one time (two of which are always vanilla and chocolate). They had a large menu up on the wall, and we ordered something from it, but quickly pointed to a sign that said "Flavors of the Week." Damn it, I want it all.And I want it now.*freddie mercury*
5	The best malt shake I ever had.   The service was fast and the shake rocked.  I can't wait to go back.
5	Nothing is better.  Get the Western with creamy, rich, vanilla custard, salted pecans, warm delicious hot fudge and tasty caramel.  If you don't like it, go down the street to Stratosphere, go up to the top floor, buy a ticket to that roller coaster, pretend you are going to get in it, but instead just jump right out and plummet to your death.  Same goes for anyone that gives this less that 5 stars. The only thing I miss is the older guy that used to be the only person that worked here.  Maybe the owner?  He was mean and would practically soup nazi you if you asked for a cherry on a smaller sized custard.  I really miss that.
5	Wow...this custard really does live up to the hype.  I got the pineapple flavor today without any toppings or extras and I was blown away.  I have had my share of custard from places in the Bay Area and this one really surprised me in terms of how creamy and rich it is without making my stomach feel like I ate a pound of cream or butter.  I'm not sure if the location near the OG is helpful or not but it certainly can't hurt to have tasty custard only a couple of footsteps away from their establishment.Note: there were actual pieces of pineapple in the custard which was really a treat.  Will be back when I come back to LV!(Sign on their window; Cash only, no bills over $20)
4	This place is a must during the summer time late nights down on the Strip or Fremont District.  During that season, they are open pretty late if you want a midnight snack.I'm going to be honest, the location isn't the best...but the thing that sucks the worst about this place is also it's greatest charm: it's literally in a little shack in a parking lot behind OG Strip Club with no seating and in not the best part of town.  But that's the HISTORY and CHARM of this Las Vegas institution.  So suck it up and drive down there!Every day they have chocolate and vanilla and two rotating flavors.  My favorite, favorite, favorite is the almond chip custard!  I'm always on their website looking out for the day that almond chip will be there!  They have sundaes and shakes and malts and all sorts of stuff, but I always just get one scoop in a sugar cone.  Keepin' it simple so I can taste the creaminess and flavor of that thick custard.
4	Luv-It Frozen Custard beats Frozen Hot Chocolate from Serendipity every day of the week and twice on Sunday. Cash only.
5	Delicious hole in the wall place! Heard about it on TV interview and knew we would have to try it! It was beyond expectation. A must go back!! Great place.
4	Hot damn, frozen custard is delicious!  I love the stuff and they sell it in one of the warmest climates this side of the Mississippi!  My friends and I walked from the Stratosphere to Luv-It to devour some delicious frozen custard.  The neighborhood is a little sketchy but you know it's good when people eat it in their cars with the A/C on.  Made fresh daily.  Cash only.
4	Yay for frozen custard! So luv-it is one of those local secrets that yelp is great for finding. Tucked away behind a gas station and next to a stripclub near downtown, Luv-it really is the definition of hole-in-the-wall/ mom n pop establishment. I came by with a couple of friends and someone were turned off by the location, I am not gonna lie it's not exactly is the best neighborhood but I think that the surroundings actually add to the novelty of getting custard here. You walk up to a window and order off a giant board. The custard lingo is a bit different than traditional ice cream places. You can order the standard 1 or 2 scoop ice cream, or you can get 'concretes' which can best best be described as DQ blizzards but better in quality.I got the worms and dirt concrete which was vanilla custard with gummy worms and i think graham crackers. What ever it was it was good. I would definitely come back and try some other stuff because they do have a rotating menu. Only down side is that they have no where to sit... and when it hot in the summer months the frozen custard is gonna melt quick.
4	BEST in Vegas...wish I were there now.Creamy cold delicious.  Make sure you have cash...no ATMs nearby.
4	We discovered Luv-It shortly after we moved downtown and fell in Luv. Corny, but true. Of all the flavors they make, I think Lemon is my favorite. Or Cinnamon. I always order the Western with whatever flavor of the day I went  there for. It comes with caramel, fudge and salted pecans. So. Freaking. Good. The custard is rich, creamy and delicious. We go there at least once a week.Note: When you order a sundae, you have to specify if you want it made with a different custard flavor than vanilla. Minus a half a star because they only take cash. When we get custard for the whole family (there are four of us) it ranges from $18 - $22, depending on what specials we get and I think that's a little pricey. But still worth it.
4	Mmm.  Delicious custard to help save you from that blazing Las Vegas sun.  Rich and creamy.  You need to get some.  CASH ONLY though.
4	I had heard great things about this place and decided to check it out.  Everyone in my party ordered the Western sundae, but I decided to opt for the classic hot fudge and vanilla.  Yum!  I've never had custard before and this was so delicious.  I did get to try a bite of the Western and it was a bit too sweet for my taste (everyone has their own preferences, of course.)  I will definitely go back soon to try a fun fruit flavored custard in the near future!
5	This was truly a first. I did not get asked for change or get harrassed by any homeless folks on this visit. Alas, right next to Luv-it on the street, a cop car had its lights flashing and somebody was getting the business. That is part of the atmosphere I suppose in this legendary Vegas hole-in-the wall. I usually go straight-up and just let the flavors shine through or add sliced banannas for 50 cents. You really don't want to be putting fudge and stuff on it because you will miss those classic flavors. Tonight was the also the first time, I tried a Custard that wasn't creamy and white like Butter Pecan or Cinnamon (which is great). It was so hot, I needed to get some Mango and Very Berrry and the mango was the real winner. There were some chunks of mango and the flavor popped out at you. Very Berry was very average. This is still the real champion of custard joints, no doubt about it, but I would stick with the more ice cream like flavors next time, unless mango returns.
5	Our most recent trip, my hubby decided to try a custard joint, didn't even know he wanted to try frozen Custard. It was 102, so we landed at Luv It Custard. It looked closed, the front door looks deceiving, go to the side window. Wow knock your socks off! We tried a Vanilla Sundae then went back for the Chocolate, (we share) Now hubbies looking all over for one here in San Francisco bay area, but I think I may have to try and make it the way Mom used to. If you're in Las Vegas you have to try this place, Yummo!
4	It was good and tasted fresh, tiny place that doesn't care about looks but cares deeply about making some good ass custard. I had some concoction of strawberries and salted pecans and it was damn good with butter pecan custard was very tasty. its a must stop if you are in the area.
3	In a city that lacks any real charm or uniqueness, Luv-It Frozen Custard is one of the few standouts.  One star loss due to the dismissive service that greeted me while ordering my flavor of the day and another star loss serving the custard in styrafoam cups when they can easily be served in compostable cups.  I've had the the signature "Western", similar to a sundae, with vanilla custard, hot fudge, nuts and caramel topping in the past, but I would suggest that if this is your first visit to Luv-It, just order the custard by itself, as the toppings on the signature items take away from the flavor of the custard.While not as thick as Fred Drewes in Chicago, Luv-It is certainly the most flavorful I've had (sorry Sandy's in Austin), so when visiting Sin City and looking for one of the last few unique, original business in town, head on over to the intersection just past the Stratosphere for a cup of tasty custard.
3	Overrated! I really don't understand the love of this place, maybe I'm spoiled in my pursuit of frozen desserts but this one really didn't do it for me. First, it's way the heck out there, further north than the Stratosphere located in a strip mall right next to a corner gas station. Second, it's pretty expensive for what you get. Now I know this is Vegas and that applies to a lot of things. But for this little shack located off of the strip you don't get to charge that same premium. Lastly, (and most importantly) it's just not that good! The hot fudge isn't particularly fudge-y and the custard is just boring. I did get the vanilla so maybe that was the problem but I love love love vanilla ice cream so I doubt it. For all the talk about this place being the best of Vegas I'm totally baffled. I do like to support local business but my advice is if you're not a local to save yourself the trouble of making it all the way out here and appease your sweet tooth with something easier to procure.
5	One bite of the malt frozen custard I knew this was all it was made out to be! I was never a fan of frozen custard but this place made me a believer. In fact, this has to be top 5 in the US for me when it comes to "ice cream". I also had the chocolate but the malt was so outstanding that I wish I only had that one. Simply amazing! This is a great hidden gem that has been around for seemingly ever!
4	Luv-It is a little shack at the beginning of downtown/end of the north end of the strip.  The custard is great here, not too yolky and there are a ton of mix-ins and pre-set custard combos.  Jess C. and I tried the Luv-It combo.  It had vanilla frozen custard, straberries, salted pecans, and a marachino cherry on top.  The salted pecans were pretty good.  I liked the juxtaposition of the salty with the sweet custard.  The strawberries were not fresh but came in a jelly which mixed well with the vanilla custard.Since moving to Vegas I have become a fan of frozen custard.  Haven't tried any frozen custard in LA or OC for sure.  I would definitely say that Luv-It is comparable to Nielsen's quality frozen custard.  Give it a try :D
4	Super low key area. You'd never know this place was here unless you were actively searching for it yourself. I had the vanilla custard in a cone. So creamy and sweet = exactly what you need in the LV of summer
5	This is just one of those places that creates its own little charm.  Something you can't duplicate or imitate...  Truly one of the hidden gems of  Las Vegas - You almost forget you are in the hood while enjoying some great custard!  In the shadow of the Stratosphere towerSo I always say to come for the best frozen custard, stay for the free entertainment - The other tourists and locals who stop in or wander by...  Not to mention the new friends you will meet while waiting... No inside seating, all outside/walk up. Friendly and fast, fresh made that day custard.  Different flavor specials every day.  Whats best?  Can't say.  I stay safe with the sundaes or banana splits, but change up with the flavor of the day...   But if a tourist?  Try something outrageous!Don't let the bad neighborhood fool you.  It's worth the trip.  Besides, Metro SWAT team stops by on their way back from a call.... So it can't be THAT bad of an area...It's just off Las vegas Blvd, behind a AM/PM convenience store.  Kitty korner from a 7-11 and two clicks away from the Strat...
3	I don't know what the fuss over this place is... It's all the way downtown in a not so nice place and the ice cream is nothing special. It's good but I wouldn't go back. And the girl was really rude. Also their prices are a little steep for it.
5	i'm from hawaii, but i have family here. i just have to get my frozen custard on my vaca!  i actually just got back from vegas and within the week i was there, i had luvits four times. i "almost" went there everyday. i'm glad i didn't. would've been overkill. on with the review....i haven't got the chance to try everything yet, since i'm the type of person who'll find something and make it "the usual", but i have to say that i LUV the western and luv-it special.  they're both orgasms in my mouth. i love strawberry, caramel, hot fudge, but i especially love nuts. haha. i tried to replicate them in hawaii at this one yogurt place we have (yami yogurt), but it wasn't even close - duh, it wasn't custard that's why! anyway, luv-it's can't be beat. i'm excited for my next trip to vegas..spring next year! p.s. CASH ONLY (in vegas you kinda have to carry cash everywhere you go)
4	I was told by a co-lactose intolerance sufferer that this place won't make you sick and they have real good custard. I had the cherry custard one time and the western the next...I got sick both times but the custard was sooo good it was almost worth it. It's homemade. The location is quite odd since it shares the parking lot with a strip club. Did I say real good custard?
1	I've waited years to try Luv-It frozen custard ever since seeing it on one of the food shows.  I finally got to Las Vegas from AZ last weekend and can't express my disappointment.  First of all, they only offered four flavors: vanilla, wild cherry, peanut butter, and I can't remember.  There were four of us, each one taking about two bites and throwing it away...not worth the calories or the time it took to find the place
4	This place is a quirky LV legend, but the quirks are what really sets it apart:*Open since 1920 (ok, at least the 1970s)*Walk up only (eat it in the parking lot!)*Limited flavors include vanilla and 1-2 others per day*Frozen custard, not ice cream or yogurt  *Famous for their sundaes, especially The WesternNo, it's not in the best of neighborhoods, and yes, you have to eat outside in a parking lot, but when you're standing out there with all the other patrons, or sitting on a parking block eating, it really feels like you're in another town or another time or something. I luv Luv-It, and I enjoy taking visitors there to experience a different kind of Vegas!Note: cash only!Note 2: the only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because I actually prefer ice cream or yogurt to custard - personal preference.
4	took my buddy(vegas nubbin) here.  I trust his taste buds with food - a lot of food places I regular was introduced by him.  He's pretty particular about how things should taste.  When I told him about this place years ago, he said it prob was crap, cant be like what he can get back EAST.  But he was impressed.  I had my usual western so it's gets drowned with flavors.  But he just had a few scoops with jimmies. Totally impressed with it - in fact he wanted to go again on this trip - just couldn't get myself to trek towards that side of town again
5	The "BEST", a little pricey for my taste but deliciously worth it.  It also is in a shady part of town, but there is always a lot of people, so it's ok  just be aware of your surroundings.
4	Definitely a must stop! Frozen Custards are very creamy & richer than a regular ice cream.This place is a bit hidden, not a big place.  If you're on the strip, this will be past Stratosphere...going towards downtown.  It's on Oakey, just beside the gas station.
4	Not a huge fan of the hot fudge, but very high quality custard overall.  Fair prices as well.
5	Delicious rich frozen custard with natural tasting flavors. A downtown Las Vegas institution
5	This place is awesome.  If you haven't been here, you can't consider yourself a local Las Vegan.  Nesteld in my favorite part of town, this place has more characters and people watching than the strip.The custard is great too!
5	This place is a Vegas staple.It's a little stand alone shack. Family owned & operated. Located on Las Vegas Blvd and Oakey in the Olympic Garden parking lot.They make their custard fresh, every day and have several offerings. This is a true gem. I recommend going during daylight hours as it is in a seedy neighborhood, which ads to it's charm.
5	Holy mother of God, if I could have this everyday I would.  I also need to stay away from this place, because I really can't think of anything worse for you than pure egg yolks laced with pure sugar, put into an ice cream form.  And yet, it is so much better than ice cream or gelato.  You can take one look at me and you will realize that I'm an expert in these things my friend.  You will not regret the experience that you will have from Luv-it, especially when you're in the middle of summer and you're sweating you ass off in the car, while you're eating your cup of Luv-it frozen custard.
4	September 29, 2012 Saturday - 2:15 treat2 adults Atmosphere - 4 starsFood - 5 starsService - 5 starsBackground - Wife was craving something cold for her sore throat.Atmosphere - Driving up of Las Vegas Blvd and the place looked closed.  The end of the street was closed and it was not looking to promising.  We got to the other side of the build and saw two cars so we pulled, okay I had to since the street was closed, and I had to turn around somewhere.  But I pulled into the spot and saw a person looking at me from the walk up counter.  The window is like a drive up window but it works.Food  Appetizer - nope  Main Course - this a dessert run!  Dessert - We went with shakes.  I had a rich chocolate shake. It was simple and so could.  My wife had a chocolate malt shake, chocolate malt was the flavor of the day and she had malt chunks in her shakeService - Plain and simple it was fast!  Those three girls back there worked it.Future - I will be back when I get a chance.
5	The Raspberry Royale is to die for.  Luv-it's is a must if you think you can call yourself a Vegas local.
4	We found this place through Yelp and were happy we did.  On our visit we tried the maple custard and the vanilla.  Both were creamy, smooth and had a great flavor.We would for sure go back again, I just wish we had ordered the small/kids size as it was so rich (and good) that I struggled to finish mine.
5	To die for...if you love frozen yogurt then you will most definitely love this place. I ordered the Western Special that came with frozen custard (smooth and melted in my mouth), hot fudge AND warm caramel (simply amazing) and warm roasted pieces of pecans (generally don't prefer pecans but this was a must). My friend ordered the Luv-It Special which had the frozen custard and a strawberry syrup with strawberries (didn't compare to my order at all and he ended up eating more of mine). Area is not so nice but it doesn't matter...get to it!
3	For some reason, I thought custard was going to be so amazing. It was rather good, but not the best cold treat I've ever eaten.First of all, the location is kind of shady. I would suggest going with a large group, especially late at night. It is in Downtown Las Vegas, in the AM/PM lot, kind of tucked behind it. Also, there's no seating and just a window for ordering. I would consider this a food stand, but even food stands occasionally provide seating.I got the Western, which was a little over $6. If you aren't sharing, I suggest getting the junior size. The caramel and pecans were flavorful. The custard was also good.I probably won't go back here. I personally prefer frozen yogurt over custard, but this might be something new to try if you like custard.
5	There's no much else that I can say that people have not written before. This place is the bomb! Since I work nearby we go often especially in the summer. When I go I always order chocolate, I'm very traditional when it comes to frozen treats. I have tried the blueberry, the banana and several other flavors and they are all good, but foy my money I go for chocolate.Tip: When you go, ask for a small cone rather than a small cup. They will pile twice as much custard onthe cone AND give you a cup to support the weight. Bingo!
5	I love Luv-It Frozen Custard!!! I have been coming to this place for many years and believe that is the best place for ice cream in Las Vegas. Their vanilla custard is creamy, fresh, and always delicious. My favorite is the sprinkle special but the western is also super yummy.
5	A great Vegas tradition... it helps that I love frozen custard.  Definitely worth a trip for tourists.
5	Yum, yum and more yum. Finally got around to stopping at Luv-It and guess what... I LUV IT! My first attempt at acquiring some custard failed miserably as I had no cash when I walked up (CASH ONLY FOLKS). Didn't feel like heading to an ATM so went back another time and remembered the dollar bills. I'm a simple guy and enjoy simple things so I ordered a cone with vanilla and chocolate custard.Made the awful mistake of trying to drive while eating a two scoop cone and needless to say I got it all over myself. Got to the point where I had to pull over at a Jack in the Box so I could grab napkins and clean my hands that were covered in chocolate. Keeping it classy!Anyway, back to the custard. Smooth, cold and delicious. What more could you ask for? I will be back and I will bring more cash. Wish the location was better as it is a pretty sketchy area. Not "hide yo kids, hide yo wife" scary but lock your car and don't carry a lot of cash!
4	Located in a tiny little hut between Olympic Garden's strip club and a shady mini mart, Luv-Its is an island of paradise.  Approaching their 40th year in business, Luv-Its is a family tradition for lots of Vegas locals.  Often times standing in line or enjoying your custard on the curb,  you'll overhear people's stories of how long they've been coming there.  It's a nostalgic little joint.  The spot doesn't look like much but the deliciousness that comes from here is pretty amazing.  The Western is my go to favorite, but everything I've ever tried is pretty darn tasty!!!Every now and then you will catch an off batch, like the egg cracker was a little heavy handed that day, but for the most part, Luv-its is consistently great custard.Only thing that would make this place any better would be some outdoor seating, if they weren't cash only and a few more locations :)
5	I only just discovered the glory that is frozen custard a few months ago. Oh, you've never heard of it? Check it-- it's kind of like ice cream, but it's made with more egg yolks. The result is a richer, denser, creamier concoction. Prior to my visit to Luv-It, I had only tried custard in a pre-packed pint from a hippie grocer, sourced from a local dairy farm.  While Googling fun things to do in Vegas, I almost leaped out of my chair when I saw a frozen custard monger on the top 20 list. Apparently there's some cool history or story to this place, but all I cared about was custard, custard, custard. I was totally blown away to find that at Luv-It custard is sold soft-serve style, not in scoops. What the WHAT?! Way to take something I already love and somehow make it even more incredible. There were so many options, I felt a little overwhelmed-- at least three or four custard flavors, fruit toppings, candy toppings, plus fudge, butterscotch, marshmallow, and every other sundae accompaniment on the planet. Even though more than a few flavors piqued my curiosity, I decided to get a simple original (vanilla) custard, with some fresh strawberries. I figured I'd be back, and wanted to establish a baseline. It was howl-at-the-moon kind of good. It was "holy hell, all ice cream will taste watery from this day forward" kind of good. Mmmmm. I SO wish I had made it back more than the once.
4	Good stuff, been coming for years. Glad its getting so much hype they deserve to make some money. Do yourselves a favor and dont expect a religious experience or you will be disappointed. Its simple food made fresh on site and very good.
5	There is nothing more Las Vegas than Luv Its. Anyone who has been around town for 10 or 20 yrs knows this is the bomb has always been and will always be. This isn't something to be trifled with...this is the equivalent to a three day weekend or discovering your next door neighbor is a liquor distributor. Visit the alter-you are not here to judge. Luv-It...like The Dude..abides.
5	I saw a television review of Luv-It a couple years back, so when we went to Vegas I HAD to go! I am a Downtown gal, but this time we were stuck on the Strip. So I Nav'd to Luv-It (Hint...get a AAA map and write out directions. LOL) It opens at 1 PM. So it was a lunch for us.Ample parking, as long as the homeless population has not taken all the spaces. Literally...this is the seedy underbelly of one of the richest cities in the nation. I had the "Luv-It" special sundae. Strawberry and pecans over (in my case) vanilla. Frozen custard is creamier than any soft serve I have ever had, yet softer than ice cream. Very tasty and wonderful flavor. DD had "western style" with hot fudge, caramel, and pecans. She was also very impressed. Easy return from Oakey back to Industrial to Frank Sinatra, to avoid LV Blvd. We have a frozen custard place opening here where I live soon...I have a feeling it won't be as good as Luv-It.I look forward to returning to Luv-It!
5	I love luv-it.  My go to sundae is the western.  Lately I have branched out a bit and tried some of their flavors of the day.  I might just be used to my sundaes but I prefer them over a flavor of the day in a cone.  It is nice they offer different flavors though.  I will still give them a try from time to time.  There is almost always a line, even in the winter but there is plenty of people watching to do to pass the time.  I do wish they were open a little earlier but when I first started going they weren't open 7 days a week like they are now so I will take what I can get.  My fave downtown lunch is Viva Arepeas then dessert at Luv-It.  So good!  Oh yeah and make sure you bring cash, if you forget there is an atm in the mini mart next door.
5	So simple. So perfect.We split a Western Sundae: Vanilla CustardHot FudgeCaramelPecansAnd a cherry on topThe custard was creamy. They were generous with the toppings. For me the lightly salted pecans are what sent it over the top. They are so much tastier than standard peanuts or almonds. I Luv-It !
5	With our mouths still on fire from an amazing meal at Lotus of Siam, Luv-It has become our goto spot for cooling our ravaged tongues. This is window ordering at its finest. There are no seats but there is a really large parking lot where you can stand and eat your custard. Each day features new flavors though chocolate and vanilla are always on the board. The list of available flavors is to the left of the ordering window. If you've never been I highly recommend a small cup of vanilla so you can enjoy the texture and try to pick out the differences between frozen custard and standard ice cream. After that order yourself a Western Special, your choice of available flavored custard topped with warm caramel and toasted nuts. Ive also tried the Banana Split which is pretty much what you'd expect, textural delights. You can also create your own custom sundae with all the available flavors and toppings. This is great for the person who knows what they like and knows how to get it. Luv-It oh how I love your creamy goodness.
3	I sooooo wanted this place to be amazing! Everything about it seemed awesome. Its super local in a sort of hidden location. Its been in business for ever and the reviews all rave about it. It may of been a bad night when I went and I am willing to try again to see if my experience was a fluke.I had the Luv-it special sundae which was good but I felt like it was not really custard and seemed much closer to ice-cream in texture and flavor. It was mostly melted by the time the served it to me and it was not a particularly hot night. It all tasted good but it just was not what I was expecting. Ill give it a second try and hope that I can amend this review.    CASH ONLY SO COME PREPARED!!!
5	Awesome!Great experience, tasty treats!Bring cash.
5	Luv-it Custard is awesome! My favorite thing is the Rootbeer Whip and I always get it. I have tried some other items and they are always yummy. Who needs ice cream when you can get fabulous frozen custard?!?!?
3	CASH ONLY no bills greater than $20.Ghetto area, dont come here @ night.Service leaves much to be desired. -1Western custard review:Consistancy is thicker, milkier, creamer & sweeter than a froyo.Vanilla flavor of the custard isnt very strong either. -1Dairy queen is much more fragrant.
5	This is a small hole in the wall shop, it's on the backside of a building on Las Vegas Blvd.  It is definitely worth the time to find it.  $6 for a large Sunday is a very fair price.  There is always chocolate and vanilla, then two flavors of the day.  We usually mark on the calendar when wild cherry is on the menu, and have been disappointed when we get the 30 min before they close and have already sold out.  When every we have out of town guests we will alway try and take them there for desert.
5	Had the banana nut custard! Western Special!  This place is a Vegas Icon!!!
2	I ordered chocolate and it tastes like bananas.Horrible customer service. My husband made a special trip from Summerlin to there what a disappointment.
5	My mom took me here on my first trip to Vegas, she had been coming here since the early 90's.  Once I moved here, I discovered that not many fellow locals had heard of this place, thus my mission to take as many visitors and friends here when I can!From what the owner told us years ago, his grandmother from Wisconsin moved much of the dairy machinery from the 1930's out to Vegas several years ago.  The mixes are made fresh daily and you can always plan your favorite flavors on the website (posted weeks in advance).Each day they have Vanilla, Chocolate and the 2 flavors of the day.  Some would knock this place for variety, but the quality is so good, that you can order the same thing for a week straight and not get sick of it (and I have: Vanilla Malt).  This is not Fro-Yo or Ice Cream, it's custard so the flavor is much richer without all the air.Yes the location is questionable, by a strip club and liquor store, however this truly adds to the experience of getting your Luv-It (And the long lines don't lie!)
4	The most important thing you should walk away with upon reading this review: GET THE CRUNCH.You can thank me later.After a relatively filling brunch of fried chicken "benedict," we stopped by Luvit and ordered a junior-sized Banana Luv. The Banana Luv is a sundae that consists of hot fudge, banana, and delicious magic dust which the friendly folks at Luv-It refer to as "crunch" served over a vanilla frozen custard - unless you specify that you'd like a different flavor of frozen custard (we asked for chocolate). The frozen custard itself was rich, creamy, and ultra smooth.We ordered only ONE between the two of us. What a gross error. After our first bite, neither of us wanted to share. Next time, we'll be asking for an extra topping of banana (just a personal preference) and the Regular as opposed to the Junior. Maybe another flavor of frozen custard too, to mix it up a bit. I bet most of them are just as delicious. Also, there won't be any sharing. After the first bite, the hub said, "We need to come back tomorrow." Truly, one of the most brilliant suggestions he's made on this trip.CRUNCH. Do it.____________________________NOTE:- Cash only.- No seating available.- Bring a motorized vehicle.- Not in the nicest part of Vegas.
5	I can't believe I've been in Vegas as long as I have and that I only recently had a western. It was amazing! Great end to the night. The nuts totally hit the spot and the peanut butter custard I had was just so creamy. I can't believe the size of it too. I got the junior and I had trouble finishing it. Maybe next time I'll forgo dinner and just have a regular size custard instead!
3	I used to love this place when I was a young child, but as I get older my dreams get crushed. I came here on 4/11 with my girlfriend for dessert after lunch. The man working the counter was rude when asked for suggestions to the point where I wanted to walk away. However, the custard was good as always. I'd be willing to go back and try again, though. It'd be nice if they took debit, but maybe cash only contributes to its old school vibe.
4	Best frozen custard in town.  The area is a tad on the shady side and the building is a walk up shack that accepts only cash...hmmm.  Anyway, the custard, it's amazing.  Get a sundae, get a shake or just a scoop or three; this place beats nearly any frozen desert place (taste-wise) in Las Vegas.  Prices aren't too bad either and the service is hit and miss. One day will be a friendly lady with a big smile on her face; the next will be some stoner who I just know didn't wash his hands prior to handling the product...what can you do; no food poisoning as of yet so I will keep returning.
4	On the search for the best frozen treat in the Las Vegas Valley my boyfriend and I stopped here because of all the positive reviews and the cool old school vibe. I am glad I thumbed through a couple reviews and learned of the cash only exception. This custard stand is sandwiched between a 7/11 and the olympic gardens in the heart of the Naked City. I am glad we came in the daylight hours if you know what I mean. The frozen custard itself was very tasty. I enjoyed the limited selection of flavors of the day, often being indecisive myself. My boyfriend went with a junior sized cup of the malt custard and I had a junior cup of the western with vanilla. I would have love to order an more exciting order but the lady behind the counter didn't give me much of a chance to speak up. Seeming overly excited to close the window blocking out the already 90+ degree temperatures. Overall fun experience but not as delicious as Lappert's Ice Cream inside the California Hotel and Casino
4	Stopped by here to get some ice cream but it's not ice cream, it's custard and it's so creamy and rich. We tried all the flavors of the day -- I liked the banana nut and chocolate best. We ended up buying pints of what they have already pre-packaged and got almond chip and malted chocolate. OMG they were both seriously good. The malted chocolate tasted like a Whopper ball. The almond chip tasted like almond tofu with chocolate chips.Cash only and totally worth it!
5	Luv-It is a Las Vegas institution! It is located in a sketchy parking lot downtown, right next to a strip club, could it get more Las Vegas? Don't be surprised if you see an eclectic crowd, including the Mayor and other local celebrities. They have a flavor board by the window, so don't assume that they have all flavors at all times. They aren't known for customer service and can definitely be abrasive, but there is a reason there is always a line. The custard is delicious! It is light and creamy, the perfect treat after a scorching Vegas day. I always get the chocolate marshmallow sundae because it is the perfect flavor combination (and my favorite ice cream combo). You only need the regular size, no need for a large and don't forget they are cash only! Join the masses and treat yourself to some Luv-It on a hot Vegas night!
2	I've been here a couple of times and I don't know if it is because I prefer frozen yogurt or the lack of seating, but I am not a fan of this place.  The first time I came here was not memorable at all.  The only thing that I remember on my first visit was that this place had no indoor seating or any outdoor chairs or tables.  The second time I came here was with my boyfriend.  They had a massive menu on the wall next to the cash register.  I assumed that was the regular menu, but when I went to order the off-put worker told me they didn't have that menu item.  They only had 4-5 flavors.  I ordered the chocolate custard, which wasn't bad.  If you are a custard fan, I would suggest here.  However, if you are not a fan, you can skip over this place.  Also make sure you bring cash if you do go here, they don't accept card.
4	Local business...GREAT selection, GREAT flavors, & GREAT SERVICE!!! Forget the chains--support a Las Vegas institution!!! Only drawbacks--cash only, & a to go place only.
3	Luv-It has an extensive list of flavors but features only a few at a time that change out everyday on top of the regular vanilla and chocolate staples. Frozen custard was a totally new concept for me until my roommate and Luv-It's #1 fan (who is going to flip when he sees the number of stars I gave) took me. It's a richer take on the ice cream I was used to, but gives you the same freedom to choose options that make you thankful to be in America - cone or cup? Toppings or not? The downtown location and old school building give it a historial flair that some of its modern competitors can't claim. You order from a window a la Bluth's Frozen Banana Stand (Arrested Development fans, you feeling me here?) which means there is no seating. Which means camping in my car if I want to give my heinie a break. Which means I look like I'm hiding from something - just the message we want to be sending tourists about the downtown area. This place is also cash only, which just makes me hang my head when I still see this. Visa takes you everywhere you want to be, unless you want to be at Luv-It, which you should - it is a Vegas institution! C'mon, this is the 21st century now, you don't see me carving this review out on stone!
5	It is time to go back ... oh, how I miss Luv-It Frozen Custard. Been in this town longer than I ... Yummmmmm. OK, and if you are open minded, you can sit in the parking lot and watch in to the strip club next door.Favorite item - Scotch Jimmie: butterscotch, sliced bananas, jimmies ... usually just get a junior size. Their new website lists out specific ordering instructions. No matter how you do it, you will not go wrong at Luv-It -  http://www.luvitfrozencustard.com/menu.html
5	I LOVE Luv-It Custard! Best hole in the wall oce cream ever!
3	Yumsters!!!! Fresh and tasty that is all.
5	Great local spot. If you have the chance to go - Go!I had the Brownie Sundae. Delish!I will frequent the upcoming summer months - you should too!**CASH ONLYIt is in the rougher part of the neighborhood so watch it if you're the only one standing waiting for your delish custard. Unless you packin'... sprinkles ! :)
5	WHY DID I WAIT SO LONG TO COME HERE???No seriously guys why did I wait almost 4 years to finally come here? I love frozen custard, froyo and ice cream don't even hold a flame to frozen custard if it's done right, and the people at Luv-IT have done custard right.I had plain vanilla custard with butterscotch, the custard was smooth and rich like a custard should be, and the butterscotch complimented it nicely.I will be back to eat the rest of the menu sooner rather than later.Do not sleep on this place!!!
5	yum! who ever have not tried custard this is a must! i cannot go back to regular ice cream again after trying this. i don't know why it took so long for me to find this place! it is in the ghetto so beware! its so annoying! but its worth it. its old school type order from the window and eat in he parking lot or car what ever you choose ha then get out ! i prefer this over nielsen frozen custard but i live closer to nielsen! so i go to both depending what side of town im on!
5	Luv It is old school Vegas gold. It's a perfect spot to get a perfect creation - frozen custard. It's dessert so delicious and creamy, it just melts in your mouth and makes your taste buds tingle with pleasure. You must go to Luv-It. You will Luv-It!!My husband and I ventured here on a boring 'ol weekday night we were having. When we arrived (around 9:30 PM) there was a line about six people deep in front of the window. I knew it was true - this place was gonna be GOOD. I ordered the Western, my husband got the banana sundae. We went with the regular (not the junior). At first I thought I had gotten too big of a cup, but then as I ate I couldn't put down my delicious cup of frozen custard. The melty caramel draped over the crunchy pecans and it mingled with the warm fudge. It was so, so, so good.The bad thing is Luv-It is very close to where I live. Oy. There went a notch on my belt buckle!PS - Don't let the reviews about the "ghetto area" get you down and don't worry about coming here at night either. Just man up and do it. Honestly you will not regret your trip here.
5	A friend of mind recently brought back a flood of childhood memories today.  He discovered one of the Valleys an  true hidden gems .Luv-It  Frozen Custard. I can remember going there back in the 70s. After watching the Helldorado Parade go down the STRIP.  Imagine the STRIP being shut down for anything these days.. Luv-It,  the original location has sat quietly in a clandestine location right off the STRIP for over 40 years. In one of the most diverse and historic neighborhood in Vegas Home to some of the original wiseguys and STRIP entertainers alike. Many of these houses are highly sought after properties even in today's market. You have to ask the right people. The businesses are just as colorful.  Where else could you find such an eclectic group of establishments From a donut shop that tranforms into  Chinese restaurant . To the Olympic Garden where you can tantalize more than your taste buds. If you plan your evening right you would never have to leave the block to satisfy all 5 senses.  TRUST ME,Do yourself a favor and track down Luv-IT. but come early and bring cash. NO CC.  They make fresh batches of Custard each morning with dozens of hand cracked eggs and when it gone , Thats All Yolks!!Be patient there is usually as line but the wait is well worth. I think it is high time I go and see and old Friend again.Thanks for bringing back some good memories, Chris M,   where ever you are.
4	A trip downtown usually warrants a visit to Luv-It. It's a little stand on the corner with a parking lot (although, I usually just walk over here).There are some daily flavors that you can get, but I just go for the Western special. Vanilla custard with caramel, fudge, pecans.. Perfect combo.Some may say the location is sketch, which I won't disagree with, but it adds a certain charm to the business.
5	Absolutely delicious. Each cup is a giant sugar bomb but yum-yum-yummy. The parking lot/neighborhood is a LITTLE shady at night, but it's nothing bad. It's just DAMN good custard.
5	I have few regrets in life.  Ok that's a lie...I regret everything.  But you know what I *really* regret?  Not getting myself to Luv-It Frozen Custard sooner.  Seriously, what was my deal??My favorite ice cream spot in town?  Definitely.  Contender for my favorite spot in Vegas period?  Top five for sure.  Am I considering living down the road so I can stop here three times a day?  I would be lying if I said no.The custard is smooth and the ingredients are fresh.  No artificial-tasting grossness here- just mild, pleasant flavors.  Homemade with love, ladies and gentlemen.The Western is pretty much a Vegas institution and needs to be tried at least once.  It's a calorie bomb for sure so come in your fat pants.  My favorite flavor is peanut butter and it makes me want to cry that they only offer it once every three or four weeks.  When I can't get my precious peanut butter, I go with a standard chocolate.  A waffle cone is a necessity for me.Yes, it's not in the glitziest area of town, but if you can't handle some strippers going to work or a homeless guy asking you for some change, then you don't deserve custard.  More for me.Cash only.  Be ready for a wait in the summer.
3	If you are in the mood for a cold treat on a hot day, there are so many options.  From ice cream, to fro yo, to pinkberry, and now the dilemma is even more difficult.  The whole frozen custard concept is new to me, and like most good food, it has not caught on in Canada.  After having lunch at nearby viva las arepas, we walked over for dessert.  There is an enormous sign displaying the many flavours that they make, but wait, don't get too excited, only a few flavours are available daily.  I chose the butter pecan, i am a big cookies and cream fan, so this wouldn't be my first flavour choice, but i was optimistic.  I have known frozen custard to be dense, and rich.  When i put my spoon into the custard, i was quite shocked at how soft, verging on melted, that it was.  I loved how the pecans were toasted, it added so much to the pretty neutral tasting custard.  Plus the little hint of salt was awesome.  Overall, i liked the custard, loved the flavour, but wasn't a fan of the texture.
5	My review will strictly be on what I ordered:Rocky Road - Definitely a true custard considering the egg to cream ratio.  I was looking more for that rich chocolate flavor typically found in most rocky road flavors, however this one was very subtle.  As a chocolate extremist, I found this to be lacking.  Nonetheless the flavor was great! Marshmallows were marshmallows, however I am not to sure if there were any almonds in it.  One of the main reasons I choose rocky road is solely for the almonds.  Silky, creamy, smooth, and rich.Raspberry - Super refreshing! An awesome choice if you want the custardy richness with more of a fruity and light mouthfeel.  Strong and tart raspberry flavor.  OVERALL:  Great custard stand.  I wish they offered all the flavors on a day to day basis.Like I always say, YOU WON'T KNOW UNLESS YOU TRY IT YOURSELF!!!
4	aaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhmaaaaazing....... Much better than Nielson's.  Very creamy, very dreamy, perfect mouth feel and texture.  Delicious.  The girl who works there needs to tie her hair back though, her long black hair ended up in another customers banana split.  Not cool.
5	Right down the street from Arepas, is desert! Best place, oldest place. I want some, now. This blows Sonic, Cold Stone, BB, and Dairy Queen. Even better than a Frosty. I get mint chip, but I need to try everything. Super yum.
3	This place has nothing on Nielsons Frozen Custard! We heard incredible things about Luv-It and went to check it out, the custard wasn't bad and ill admit was very creamy, but their selections were disappointing and I was blown away that people could even say it was comparable to Nielsons. Not bad, but we have definitely had better!
5	Had the Banana Split with vanilla, and my boyfriend had the banana split with blueberry. I tasted the blueberry and it's delicious! My vanilla was good too, but I wished I would have just gotten a bowl of JUST blueberry. Creamy, smooth, and so yummy! The building is a little off-setting with bums hanging around and bars on the windows, but if you can look past that to go up to the window and order, it's totally worth it!
4	Luv-It's is one of my favorite places to get frozen custard. Its a little drive in custard shop and their custard is really good! If you go I recommend the "banana fudge crumble." Its fantastic and cheap!
5	As the name implies, I freaking love this place!! I always try to get different sundaes but my absolute favs are the western special and sprinkle special! I love me some marshmallow fluff on me custard!!!! They need to open one up in Summerlin ! That would be so awesome :)))
5	Had the chocolate chip frozen custard to go. I'm glad they freeze the to go batches super hard so it will withstand the 20 minute drive home for dessert after a home cooked meal. It was thick, rich, and creamy. It tasted more like old fashioned ice cream before people started trying to cut the calories. I'll be back to try more flavors. A foodie tip is that if you are on this side of town, I suggest a meal at Viva arepas across the street, and then Luv it for dessert afterwards, or vice versa, whichever your stomach prefers.
4	Rich, thick and creamy.  Who knew that custard can taste so good.  I was expecting something eggy and flan-ish.  My buddy told me about this place but I went in blind not reading any reviews.  They've got multiple flavors and frozen custard has such a thick consistency.  Definitely worth a try especially on those hot summer days in Vegas.  This place is not in the most savory of neighborhoods so don't try to walk there, Take your car and be safe.
2	This place has been on my go to list for years and I really couldn't care less about the "marginal" area or cash only policy, I just wanted to love the custard.Well no love here.  Not like I'm expecting someone to be all yippy skippy about slinging out custard, but damn, this was one rude unhappy individual.Limited selection of flavors.We had chocolate, orange & coffee; nice consistency and texture, but all very blah in the flavor category.Overall we renamed it to OK-It Frozen Custard.
5	I Absolutely Love this PLACE!!!!! I Have been coming here for over 11 Years and Am Always Happy with their Yummy NESS!!! Any Flavor you get its Awesome!!! and they are super cheap! Gotta Come here they ROCK!!
4	The area is sketchy....its a cash only establishment and they don't take bills larger than a twenty so be prepared!!! And there is no place to make or get change and did I mention the area is sketchy. I've only been there 4 times but each time I've gone I've been approached by a homeless person or someone dealin drugsThe service is standard borderline rude, but you're gonna put that aside because....the frozen custard is the BOMB DOT COM!!!I had the vanilla "LUV IT SPECIAL" and shared it but really I could have eaten it ALL myself. Frozen strawberries with candied pecans....(singing) heavennnnnnnwinnah winnah chicken dinnah (waving my shaka in the air)
5	The western special is the perfect way to end (or begin!) your night in vegas. Creamy, crunchy, salty, sweet: this treat had got it all! Regular size perfect to share.
4	So I've had Luv-IT Frozen Custard sitting on my "to try" list for far too long. Finally, the streak was broken on an "It's way too hot" summer day here in Vegas. Now, on my first trip to Luv-It, I was already set and prepared to order the Western, since it was their "most popular" item, and it looked & sounded really really REALLY delicious. The though of the oozing hot fudge and caramel mixing with the sweet custard goodness really won me over. When I finally received my long awaited cup filled with Western goodness, I was a so ready to set a new world record and eat all of it within seconds. However, when I took my first bite, I was a little disappointed. It was really, really just..overly sweet for me. In a sense, I guess I hyped up the idea of it too much in my head. I had decided that I was not ready to give up on Luv-It yet. The second visit I had to Luv-it, I decided to get just a plain ol' cup of chocolate chip custard. It was that day that I was won over and taken to custard heaven. The custard without all the added fudge and caramel was actually really delicious and satisfying. I was completely sold, and ready to join forces with Luv-it when the Las Vegas heat decides to strike. I'd recommend Luv-it to anyone who's been wanting to try, but be warned, if you don't have much of a sweet tooth, stay away from the sundaes!
3	My fiance and I ordered a banana split. It was super runny and we thought that it was runny on top because of the marshmallow cream. We kept digging, but there was no custard in our cup. It was a melty soup of sweetness. We glazed longingly at the other customers' dishes with the simple custard piled high. I wanted cold thick custard, not sugar soup with banana. It was mid-May and very hot; and I understand that things melt, but why did other people get custard when we got soup.
5	I am a fool. Why, you ask? Because I have lived in Vegas for 18 years, and I didn't go to Luv-It until I was 25 AND A HALF. After trying it for the first time, I went back later that same night, and again the next day. Yeah, I ate ice cream three times in two days, and I feel no shame!The custard is amazing, and denser than ice cream. I sampled many sundaes as I brought friends to try it, and all of them were fantastic. The Scotch Jimmy is my favorite, but the Western was also good. For custard alone, I cannot recommend the root beer float flavor enough - tastes just like the perfect mix of vanilla ice cream and root beer that you aim for at home. Luv-It is now my favorite ice cream place in town, hands down. The stand ONLY takes cash, so make sure to go by an ATM on the way. It's worth the hassle of finding a bank, driving across town, and any other struggles that might change your mind about trying it. I want to eat this custard every day now.
4	I don't always eat frozen custard, but when I do, I go to Luv-It. The storefront is very unassuming, and smack dab in the middle of downtown Las Vegas. If you blink, you'll miss it...well except that it is always busy when it is open, so you'll see the line. The price is very reasonable especially compared to fast food chains like DQ or Baskin Robbins. The quality, however, is world's apart. This is a great spot for a quick frozen treat, or a nice post  (or pre) dinner delight.
5	Luv-it is a tradition in my family. I've been going here for over 10 years and my mom and grandma have been coming here since the 80s, when there were no employees, only a father and son running it. I use to come here once a week for three years straight when I was in high school, since I went to Las Vegas Academy which is 5 minutes down the street from this place but sadly after I graduated it's been hard making time to come here as often.I've tried almost all the sundaes including the western, Scotch Jimmie's, luv-it special, fruit boat, etc. But my ultimate favorite is the banana split. It has bananas, this marshmallow creme thing on top, nuts and a cherry on top. Eat it quickly though!!! It melts a little fast. Their frozen custard is super creamy and tasty, made fresh everyday and new flavors everyday as well. Sooooo good!!! & Ya the location is pretty bad but for all the times I've been going here, nothing has ever happened and the homeless people keep their distance.I will forever continue coming to luv-it :)
3	I got the Luv-It Special and it was good but it was drowning in a massive amount of crummy frozen strawberry sauce. When we finally got down to the custard, it was really good. I suggest you get an order without any sauce or ask them to put less of it on there.
5	This has got to the be best custard joint in Vegas, as it is comparable to places in Wisconsin where custard is one of the food groups included as part of a balanced diet. Although it is located in a questionable neighborhood, the trip over here is worth it because their custard is so creamy and is made fresh daily. Because it is made daily, they only have 3-5 flavors a day and you actually have to show up to see what flavors they are serving that day. Their pricing is very reasonable (about $3-5 for an order of custard), but they are cash only. They also sell sundaes and other treats, but I haven't tried it because the custard is already so tasty without any toppings. I try to drop by here whenever I'm in the downtown/strip area but since they're only open in the afternoon/evening, this isn't always possible. I wished they would open more locations in the valley!
4	If you love frozen custard and live in Vegas, you've probably already tried Luv-It Frozen Custard. No? Then you're missing out on a delicious experience. Frozen custard, unlike regular ice cream, contains eggs. This gives it a richer, smoother and creamier texture than ice cream. The custard at Luv-It is thick and rich and I recommend trying everything. My go-tos are the Western sundae with hot fudge, caramel, and pecans as well as the Butter Crunch which has butterscotch and crunch (toffee, I think). Their available flavors vary each day so check their site for the flavor calendar. I like getting my Butter Crunch sundae with Malt Cream custard so I show up the day it's available. Great for a quick stop after dinner. Although located in a not-so-good part of town, I like to park in their lot and eat my custard there - with the doors locked, of course. Part of the charm is the seedy location and the no-frills order window. Business is cash-only so come prepared.
5	Great frozen custard! Felt like I was back at home in Wisconsin! I had the western- basically a turtle sundae, and I would definitely recommend it.
3	Since I made the moved to Vegas, everyone seemed to rave about this place. I say, it's okay. I've had the banana nut custard - western style, as well as, malt cream and peanut butter custard. The way people talked about this place, I was waiting for it to be heaven in my mouth...not so much. It's okay. If you like frozen custard, this place is worth a try. It has a very nice view of the stratosphere but the location is very sketchy. There's a lot of homeless people around asking for money. Just say no. I know of someone who tried to be nice and give one of these guys money...we watched him walk into the liquor store shortly after.
5	It's a hole in the wall kinda place with the best frozen custard ever! This is where I first tried it and at first was not sure what to think of it considering I was use to regular I've cream. I actually prefer frozen custard now. They have curtain flavored custards on specific days so I always look online before going.
4	Its a Vegas landmark.   Really creamy, delicious and a variety of sundaes and toppings.  The only issue is they're very popular and sometimes theres a wait.   Adding something sugar free would rock too.  She tells me it brings her back to custard she had growing up and its her favorite.
1	Read all posts and heard great things just walked away not buying anything looked at the menu and ordered at the window to have the snotty little girl be like we discontinued that these are all we have and pointed to a board with 3 flavors on it. You have to be kidding me.
1	My family and I loved going to Luv it for custard on the weekends. We thought it was great. My folks went there when they were teenagers and so they brought my siblings and I. It was amazing experience until last night. I new something was different when I went up to order and saw no familiar friendly faces. I ordered a western with extra cherries and was very disappointed because this Asian (Insert word here) women handed me my custard and it was not what I ordered. The service was terrifying and the glares I received from the staff after returning the custard were uncalled for. They then wanted to charge me an extra 85 cents for 1 cherry!!!!! I asked her to fix my order because it was not the same as the 30 years its been in the past . Hey learn some english and listen to your friggin customers orders and charge accordingly to begin with. I will NOT be coming back.
2	Still some of the great places but the prices went up. Not a bang for your buck anymore.
2	The custard is usually awesome- like the most awesome, like a long standing family tradition, BUT- what is going on with their service lately? The last three times I've been it has been terrible.  Not to mention that I got one of the daily flavors and it was super hard, not the awesome custard I'm used to. But how hard is it to be nice to people? I mean they don't even have a dining room and not even a bench! So, I'm boycotting my beloved Western to say- "Give me a good experience" form the people at the window.
2	I CRAVE a good solid ice cream shoppe. Back home in the good mid-west Ohio we have several to choose from and I was lucky enough to grow up just miles from one of the best. Fresh hand scooped flavors that changed once one flavor was favored and ran out. The next being better then the last. At an early young age my stomach sang a song for Blue Moon, it's bright almost neon blue color and a taste some would say is like fruity pebbles. **drooling** I never get home in the summer time which is only when they are open so I miss this place a lot especially my Blue Moon unless I can convince my Mom, Sister or Grandma to tightly wrap a quart for me that can last in the freezer for four to five months. Now that I have hopefully painted a picture of what I miss most of home, a wonderful ice cream shoppe, which completely lack in this town I'll move along to Luv-it's. Luv-Its should be a nice substitute to hold that craving at bay but should be are the key words.  This was not as good as I remember it being the last time I had it which was awhile ago, probably four to five years. I begged my BF to take me to satisfy my ice cream shoppe craving. I mean I begged and pleaded him to drive to the the other side of town to get it. I was super stoked to find a B1G1 coupon on the 8News website! I made sure to read the fine print about it needing to be printed. None found so off we went. I was so excited!! When we got there they wouldn't take my coupon because it needed to be printed out. I said it did not specify that, the cashier yelled for someone finally she came out and said the same thing and I said again it didn't specify that. She said that it's per owner they couldn't take it. Ugh! I don't have a laser printer to quickly and randomly print unnecessary things so I wasn't going to print it just incase. I told her they should contact the website to make sure they put that on the coupon. But this wasn't keeping me from getting the custard, as annoying as it was. I got the Western Sundae and he got the Brownie Sundae.  His was bigger and cheaper then mine, around $5.65(I forget exact amounts) his had walnuts, fudge and brownie pieces. Mine was around $5.95 and had caramel, fudge and pecans. Hmm wonder who did this math. The taste was not that of homemade custard or of what I remember it being years ago. BIG SAD FACE!! I was only left with a bigger craving for my ice cream shoppe ice cream!! A lot of the reviews were bad because of the location. Yea there were two cop cars at the gas station next door handcuffing someone and a homeless chick in the garbage, I just laughed because that stuff doesn't scare me. A cop is there and the lady is just wanting dinner. That's not what would steer me away from this place, the bad ice cream and the non caring staff will. I don't usually plug a better place to go, people can choose whether they side with my review or not but Nielson's in Henderson is WAY better. Too bad it's soooo far from my house.
5	Anything that is important has already been said. Come here. Eat some custard. Cash only!! We had to go to the gas station in that parking lot to get cash back because I didn't bring any. Luckily they offer it and didn't make me use their ATM. Blue moon was one of their daily flavors. I thought it was the beer so I didn't want to try it at first, but it was almond flavored. So yummy! Mixed that with vanilla and got it western style. I was in heaven! So, once again, the mantra goes: Come here. Eat some custard. Cash only! Western style.
4	My husband and I were in Vegas with friends and I love frozen custard.  So we looked up what was close and came here.  We went at night and the area looked kind of sketchy but we I am glad we got out.  The lady at the window was very helpful and answered all my questions.  I had their butter crunch and it was fantastic!  I have no idea what the crunch part was but it was sooo good.  My husband had one of their daily specials pumpkin.  I tried some and it was good but my butter crunch was better.  Lol.  Next time we go to Vegas we will be stopping by again!
2	Something happened to this place - not sure if this place went through new ownership or something, but the quality of the custard has gone downhill. The consistency is a little different and the flavors are much too sweet. Tastes similar to a fast food soft serve cone now.I used to love coming here. The magic that made me stay in long lines, Frogger-ing through hobos, is now gone. I have no reason to come back here.
5	Luv-It is a classic! They never fail to please. The creamy custard just goes down so easy. You don't want to stop. The caramel topping was a crowd pleaser too. It'll make you come back for more.
5	A long-time inhabitant of my "To Try" list has finally managed to escape the prison and make it into my reviews.Luv-It is a very charming place. It's not even a hole in the wall so much as it is a window in an assuming blue and white standalone structure. I only saw one car in the parking lot, but I guess you can't expect much when it's the middle of the week, lunchtime was hours ago, and you're across the street from what many people are calling the best gelato in Las Vegas (which I still haven't tried yet, but I'll atone for my sins soon).The sign was pretty overwhelming with a wide array of sundaes and toppings and even drinks to choose from. As an aside, I don't get it. Who decides that they have to have a soda after their dessert? Anyway, I just decided to walk to the window, where I sampled some pumpkin and then made an order based on the styrofoam cups on display.A minute later, I was sitting in my car enjoying some delicious, rich, creamy vanilla and pumpkin frozen custard and thinking about how good it was and how the flavors were assertive but not overwhelming. Also thought about how I should've ordered the triple. Oh well, next time?I'm not going to say Luv-It is better than Nielsen's since I don't quite have enough experience with either, but it is definitely a damn delicious dessert destination. Visit it at least once if you haven't tried it yet.
5	Oh, Luv It's how I love you. Your crunch is the best. Mmmm, why did we move so far from you?
2	I've been going to this custard shop for about 15 years. The food is great and that's why I come back, but one incident happened tonight that completely changed my perception about this place. I had just finished eating dinner with a special someone and asked if they wanted to go to luv it for dessert. I did know that they were to close at 10pm, but since it was 945, I knew I would be able to make it before they closed. Just in case, I called and let them know I was on my way and that I was coming from across town, but I was already over halfway there. They said as long as I'm there before 10pm, they would still serve me. As I was about to pull in, I called again. They said that they were closing in 2 min. I literarily had just parked when the lady hung up on me. Once I went up to the window, it was still 9:58pm , and they had the closed sign out and the drapes over the windows. I knocked on the window and no one was answering as I saw them just waiting in the building.I can't believe they not only hung up as I pulled in, but they closed early, refused service to the same person that called twice and that they said would serve if I was there before 10pm.Completely disrespectful service and a waste of gas. It's sad to say, but I don't feel like going back. I'm disgusted with this new service they have. A few years back, this place was all about their customers now they take the lazy way out and could care less if you drive across town to get custard.
4	Chocolate pretzel frozen custard is amazing!!! The menu is confusing as hell. Basically, there's about 5 flavors per day that you can choose from for the frozen custard. All the other flavors that are listed on the menu are NOT served. Luckily, I went on a day where they had chocolate pretzel as an option and it was decadent. The chocolate pretzel flavor was just the perfect amount of sweet and salty. The pretzel was crunchy and balanced perfectly with the chocolate. There's no place to sit and eat the custard, so it's more of an "order to go" type of joint. It's basically a shack in a parking lot. I was confused because I was hoping that there would be an original custard flavor, but there isn't!! The closest thing is the "Vanilla" but it just tastes like vanilla ice cream.
1	The custard wasn't bad but not good enough to want the hostile unfriendly attitude from the Asian woman who served us. She was too unhappy to be serving frozen delights to anyone. Eating dessert - that's a happy event - not sour gummie style! Meh.
5	There aren't many frozen custard places and it's the only one I found in lv thanks to yelp. The reviews are true and this place is as good as it gets! Our cashier was really nice and suggested the western special. I ordered a large for 3 of us and it was more than enough. I ended up eating at least half of it myself. The custard is not too sweet, just perfect! One thing I would suggest is layering the toppings in between the 3 scoops instead of just on top. All in all, I will be back!!
4	Very sweet I love the texture, it's like the creamy stuff you get when u stir your ice cream fast! Yumm!
1	Legally, it may be able to be called custard, but if you serve it from a regular soft serve machine, it will have just as much air whipped into it as regular ice cream.... Then, what's the point? If you know HOW frozen custard should feel, then you will be disappointed with Luv It. Too cheap to invest in a Ross or Stoetling = too cheap to get any of my money.Additional info after owner replied...The owner replied about the FDA, etc. Yes, I am VERY aware of the legal requirements to call it "frozen custard" thanks to Andy's Frozen Custard's incredible advertising (10% milkfat, 1.4% egg yolk solids) however, overrun (the amount of air mixed into the product during the freezing process) is not regulated, as far as I know. The machines that Andy's used when they opened were Ross freezers and (as anyone from southwest Missouri who has ever heard "Hi! I'm Andy" on the radio knows) "making machines that don't whip in extra air is no problem, they just cost an extra $20,000".The first question I ask when visiting an unfamiliar establishment is "What brand of machine are you using?" (in fact, the owner of Sheridan's immediately said "Where are you from in Missouri?" when I asked him the same question before they had opened. This was right around the time that Stoetling bought out Ross, IIRC.)If it's a Ross, Stoetling, or a custom machine built by them, then the owners know frozen custard. Those machines produce a very sllllooooowwww output of product that usually slides down a chute into a freezer.It is impossible to fill a cone "soft serve style" because a true frozen custard machine produces a "log" four or so inches wide and about 2 inches thick. It then enters a bucket in an external freezer and requires hand scooping. Frozen Custard from a place like Andy's, Sheridan's, Ted Drewe's, or Freddy's has a VASTLY different mouth feelWhen we visited Luv-It after we first moved out here in 1999, I believe they were using the standard Electro-Freeze machines. It was EXTREMELY disappointing to get frozen custard that felt like standard regular soft serve. The flavor was fine, but it was no better than other soft serve.As I stated, legally, I have no doubt this product qualifies as "frozen custard". It would be foolhardy to advertise it as such and not be able to prove it. That is not my issue with Luv-It.Perhaps they replaced all of their machines in the ensuing years. (It appears from Yelp photos that they may have.) The rudeness of the "dude" running the window and the disappointing product caused us never to return.I may give them another shot.
5	The lemon is my favorite when they have it.  This is a true old school Vegas Gem
5	Talk about Vegas hidden jems! This place has been open for ages and they make their custard fresh!I always get a sundae here and top it with pecans.  Just a warning that parking is a complete beatch and it's in a super sketchy part of Vegas. Night time prowling is not highly recommended
4	We came here on a Tuesday evening and ordered their Luv-it special for $6.22- Nice gem in a shady area! - Fresh custard strawberry and salted scans and a maraschino cherry. - Quick service. We were the only ones there, but made it a bit scary, being that it was night. We got our dessert in 2 minutes- Most of the topping are on the top, so once that is done, it's very plain. Poor distribution. - Since this is pretty close to the strip, this is a short destination trip to show non-locals a cool spot that is unique in LV.
1	I used to come here all the time, I don't know what happened it just doesn't taste the same. I really miss it too.  I don't care for all the new different flavors, its not the same Luv-it.
4	So good - worth the side trip off the Strip! Get whatever special custard they are serving that day (not vanilla or chocolate). We got the Blue Moon (pistachio) in the Western Special sundae and it was amazing. Price are a little high but just consider it part of the indulgence. The surrounding area isn't great/safe but the custard is worth it.
5	This place has the best custard ice cream in Vegas!
3	I got one of the banana sundaes. It was pretty good, not amazing though. I'm not that into ice cream though. They messed up my sister in laws order though.. Twice kinda. Pretty good though, I'll go back with the fam.
5	These guys have been here for 3 generations....and that is how long my family has been going there. Best custard in town hands down. I like how they have different flavors every day and post them online so I know when to plan a trip there. Thank you guys and keep up the good work.
3	The name is honest - you will love it. But be warned, Luv-it ruins their own product. How? They have these dressed up versions of their items with things like strawberry flavored syrup and nuts. I don't know about you, but the custard is pretty sweet as-is. Don't be tempted to pour any more sugar over it. You'll just go into a coma.That said, the custard is tasty! I can't believe I'm about to say this but the chocolate flavor does not do them any favors. Get anything but chocolate to avoid the ordinary.  Flavor choices are limited to about four. The custard is otherwise creamy and soft. Served at a lower temperature so you can really taste and savor it without having numb-tongue. Prices are reasonable and parking is plentiful but shady at night.Why only three stars? Well, it's good but I don't see myself driving down there for the experience of standing in a parking lot and eating among the downtown characters very often. It's good but not that good.
2	Meh... I thought it was very ok... And the girls working there were rude and seemed very bothered by us. I wouldn't go back
1	It pains me to write this as my first ever review on Yelp, but it has to be done.  I can understand the challenges of running a business but to degrade your product to cope with those challenges is unacceptable.  I whole-heartedly agree with Mike H.'s recent review that Luv-It Frozen Custard has changed for the worse.  It is not the same as it used to be, which was a solid five stars.
3	Twice thwarted in my prior attempts to experience Luv It, once as a result of arriving two-hours prior to the 1pm opening hour and once due to staff vacation, the third time would finally prove a charm in visiting what a friend and former pastry chef deems "the best frozen custard in the country" - a sentiment ironically echoed by former and current mayors, Oscar and Carolyn Goodman, who arrived moments after me and spoke fondly of myriad visits to Greg Tiedemann's stand over the years as we waited in line.  Generally underwhelmed by custards as compared to artisan ice creams or gelatos in the past I'd hardly realized that the small window had such an extensive menu of flavors until I approached, but with standards of chocolate and vanilla plus seasonal cheesecake, cherry pie, blue moon, and countless toppings, sauces, and mix-ins I was glad to have some time to think - eventually settling on a $4.25 cash-only "Butter Crunch" over vanilla custard plus a large spooned sample of cherry pie.  Traditional in texture, full bodied with flavor, unmistakably custard given a light egginess to the vanilla, and with substantially more heft than the versions popularized at iconic Ted Drewes' or franchised Rita's it took a few rich spoonfuls to truly appreciate the velvety texture of the custard itself as I worked through toppings acting more as a distraction than a compliment but once down to creamy base it can only be said that this is indeed some excellent custard and for fans of the style it is a 'must visit,' though for my dining dollars the presence of Art of Flavors only a few blocks away will make a return unlikely anytime soon as even the "best" custard can't hold a candle to truly superlative gelato.
5	Boyfriend and I were craving a banana split and we decided to check this place out. Id have to say the best banana split I've had. The custard was so delicious! I agree that some of their "creations" seem a little too crazy (I like simply delicious) so I think I'll create my own next time ! But that banana split was so good! I think my only complaint would be service we stood in like for about 20-25 minutes with only a few people in front of us. Maybe because there was only one employee? Thankfully we got there when we did because there was a line of over ten people behind us. The lady working wasn't very friendly either. But I didn't really care, I was there for the custard
4	So good to be back here!  The luv-it special was awesome!  Custard with salted pecans, strawberry and cherry.  Yum!  Lots of other custard dishes and flavors.  My go to cool off spot in LV.  They don't open until 1PM though...
5	This place is the bomb! I love lemon and orange flavors the best!!
5	Visiting Vegas?  Love ice cream?  Better yet, custard?  Come!  Come!!!  Don't regret missing out on this place!Every time I visit Vegas, I try my best to go there at least once!The flavors are all amazing!
5	This is one of those "HAVE TO" hidden jewels of Las Vegas. Its a cute little shack with a handful of different flavors every day, they get you in and out of there as soon as possible, and the product is amazing. During the winter the lines aren't too long, but during the summer BEWARE! I love coming to this place at night (where the lines are much shorter) and indulging on velvety smooth custard. Yes, it is sweet but its perfect for my palate. Its definitely worth my 45 min drive every time I go there.
5	Simple menu and not to expenSive. Free samples. Someone needs to tell the homeless to leave people alone who just want to relax while they have a snack. Chairs outside would be ideal.
3	For years Luv it was the place to go in Vegas for frozen dessert.... custard, ice cream, gelato... didn't matter what your preference was,  the frozen custard at Luv It was better than anything else. That is simply not the case anymore. Their quality and consistency has gone down dramatically.  a strong 3 stars is adequate now. The long time customers know some of the reasons why.  They aren't horrible, or even bad, just an average typical place these days. They will probably do well for a while thanks to their notoriety, but if you are looking for something special go get some gelato across the street and leave Luv It to the teenagers on First Friday.
5	This place is the best for your sweet tooth or if you're just looking for the best frozen dessert in Vegas. I was under the impression that it was going to have some similarities to ice cream. I used to work at an ice cream factory and the taste of ice cream sickened me. Frozen custard gave me that confidence to trust frozen desserts again. I had the Banana Split because the majority of it had strawberries. P.S. I love strawberries. It was a parade in my mouth of holy crap what is this?! SO GOOD.Overall, this place is my go to spot for frozen desserts. Now, I hate ice cream forever. Thank you Luv-It Frozen Custard!
4	OMG this little place was BomB... sorry no pic's. they didn't last long to capture any. So good when your finished your Like Damn I forgot to take pic's... Had the westerns by the way :D
4	Four on a good day, three on others.It's a really nice custard, where it goes down to a three is day and time of day you show up.This last visit, I was first in line when it opened, so, full selection of flavors for the day. And had flavors that were not vanilla or chocolate. The other flavors were very good. As others said, if stuck with vanilla, meh. Wrong day and or late in the day, the flavors they have left might not be inspiring.So get there early in the day, and don't add extra stuff to it: order a plain cone or cup, and you should be happy.
4	It was very good, just not the best frozen custard I've ever had. If your in their area its worth it... otherwise you can find better in Henderson.
5	SOOO GOOD. I am so glad that my husband and I found this place. This is the best frozen treat I've ever had. I wish they had one of these back home. We got a sundae with fruit on it and it was to die for.
5	I've lived in the neighborhood for about 9 months now, and saw the lines last summer, but never stopped~I used to travel 40 or so miles with a friend (that was retired)  to get "Ritter's" in Mishawaka Indiana. At that time it was the best I've ever had~ "Almost bought a franchise for my hometown" Good~ Most people that haven't had Wisconsin Custard don't understand, but it's something you never forget~That was 20 years ago, and haven't really looked for anything like it since-So Sunday it was Gorgeous out- Warm, Sunny... I thought I'd have to investigate~ I wanted to keep it simple, to be able to judge the custard on it's on merits-I was going to go just straight vanilla, but one of my favorite flavors (Butter Pecan) was on the fresh menu!  Had to try it!Smooth, Creamy, Excellent mouth feel~ One scoop in a cup was less than half gone by the time I got home! (Decadently Rich!!!)So, Like a Crack-Addict, I am back the next day, only to have vanilla pushed out for the fresh "Champagne Cherry"~ Depth of flavor, Complexity, Fruity, Creamy~I could not swear I didn't notice a couple small dabs of butter fat! Good Lord!And this time, I was in two scoops without hesitation!So, today, I'm an hour and a half before they open... I'm reading more of their reviews, reviewing them myself... and watching the sweep hand take hours to go minutes!Do you see where I'm going with this???  I don't think I'm an addict, but I have the craving, that's why I needed to talk to you people~ Go at your own risk... be prepared to seek counseling after probably your second trip!
4	My wife told me about this place and after going to Vegas so many times, we finally stopped by here to try it out. If you're looking for a nice dessert place, this is the place to be. If you are nearby looking for this place, just be sure to remember that it's right behind the gas station. Not just a dessert place but a place where you'll find a great tasting custard. Best part is that there's plenty for a good price whether you're order a small cup or a large cup. Walk right up to the window and check the menu. Easy to order and we did not have to wait at all. I'm sure you'll find a bigger crowd though in the summer. I tried their Western Sundae topped with pecan, cherry and caramel. Right off the bat, great tasting custard mix. Definitely recommend this if it's your first time here. Medium sized cup is ok but I would probably just get a junior. Even though it tasted good for a good while, eventually I stopped eating because it was filling. Good thing is that they let you try the flavors before you order so you can get the right flavor you want. I'll be coming here again to try something else.
5	Best in town ! Ive been coming here for about 8 years now (: defiantly will be back for more frozen custard!
3	I still enjoy my daily visits to Luv-It, when I am in town for work, however the sour faces on the staff is always a disappointment.   Luv-It should really come up with a lemon flavor and call it the "Staff Favorite". I've come to realize that they are always moody because they work in such a down and out area of the city.
5	I was home trying to control the cravings of my new addiction but  withdrawals  where to strong and I finally gave in to temptation, unplugged my VCR, stopped at the nearest pawn shop, got some cash and  headed to the most shadiest part of downtown, I asked for a double dose, checked my surroundings took the money out and finalized the deal went back to my car and in no time it was all running through my veins giving me that satisfying feeling and comfort you can only get from the best frozen custard in town! The problem is that you can never have enough and could turn into a never ending cycle. When I got back home I unplugged the toaster.......
5	Best frozen custard I've ever had! Friendly staff. Everything they have is delicious, but I would definitely recommend the scotch Jimmie Sundae, with crunch! (Crunch is a tasty topping they have, but it's a secret what it's made out of!)
5	This place is sooo good!! The frozen custard is amazing by itself, but the sundaes and all the unique toppings are to die for. The banana fudge krumble sundae is literal perfection. Although I do give Luv-It 5 stars (I didn't have the heart to knock it down one), I will admit that the service & location aren't exactly wonderful. The area surrounding Luv-It is slightly concerning & the staff seems pretty uninterested. However, I don't mind much because all I really care about is the cookie krumble on my sundae.
4	On my recent trip to vegas, a LV resident brought us to a hidden gem.  Drove through the dark streets of downtown, away from the lights of the strip, and got here around 10:45pm before they closed at 11.  There was a short line in front in us but according to my friend, it wasn't too bad compared to how busy it usually is.  Ordered 3 orders for the three of us.  I got the junior banana fudge crumble.  The fudge was bit overpowering but the slices of banana and the frozen custard was refreshing and was a decent combination.  The chocolate cookie crumble covered the top of the custard and was a great addition.  My sister got the Luv It Special which was strawberry and custard.  It was not as sweet and I expected it to be which is a good thing.  Finally my friend got the one with the cherries.  I forgot the name but it reminded me a cherry garcia.  Of the three, I would still choose the one I ordered.  I hear from my friend that this place has been open since he was very young so it's great to see that this little shop is still open until today.  if i have the time, I will make this detour again out of the glitz and glamour of the strip and return to Luv It Frozen Custard for a delicious treat.  There were a few specials that sounded pretty good as well.  So many choices = so many more opportunities to return to Luv It.
4	While the custard here reminds of soft serve yogurt and is a little too sweet I still think the product is solid. Last night I had the chocolate and cheesecake. The chocolate custard reminded me of a frosty from Wendy's even though it was better. The cheesecake flavor did taste similar to cheesecake but was very sweet. I don't know how people eat custard as a sundae. The sweet toppings undermine the main attraction which is the custard. I also think the prices are a little high. I payed over four dollars for 2 scoops of custard. If I was on the strip I would not think the price was high but when I am ordering from a shack and homeless men are hollering at me for money I expect the prices to reflect the atmosphere. The menu is also confusing by listing all of the flavors you can order and only serving 6 flavors a day. I will be back to try the cookies n cream, coffee chip, and chocolate pretzel.
4	We love Luv it!  I've been coming here since I can remember being a native. I have brought my children and their children here. It's better than any ice cream or yogurt or custard around hands down. Tonight I'm a little disappointed though. We live out by Tule Springs and brought the family in for a treat.  Our bill came to $22.05 with $7.95 change from $30.00. The employee handed my husband back $15.95. He went back up to the window and showed the employee the error and had to explain it to her three times at which point she said whatever and turned her back on us and called over the manager. He then explained it again and suggested they check their ones slot in their drawer so as not to make more mistakes. She said absolutely nothing at which point he said you need to take two of these $5.00s and give me back two $1.00s to which she just shrugged as if to say oh well. The couple behind wispered ,"a thank you for being honest or something would have been nice". Neither of the girls were friendly or smiled. I'm sorry Sharon but you need to find some employees that like their job and want to be there. This was Friday, May 16th at 8:30pm. We have been coming here since 1973 and will continue to do so because it's just that good, but is it too much to ask for a smile?
5	The place is awsome great group of girls working there and the malts are super amazing. This was my first time goin to this place. They just earned a lifetime customer. Thanks.
2	The malt creme custard was amazing and the m&m custard was good but I was not expecting it to just to be vanilla custard with m&m's mixed in. Service brought this visit down to two stars. The two young girls working would not let me have the custard in a cup because my buy one get one free coupon said two cones. I offered to pay extra for the cup and I was told I could have my cone upside down in a cup. So you are telling me I can have a cone on top of the custard in a cup but I can't have my custard without the cone in a cup? Common sense was clearly missing. The person who does the hiring should not hire young girls who lack common sense.Also the menu posted is confusing because it has long list of flavors but when you get to the window you realize only 6 are available daily.
2	Most definitely did not love it. Over priced almost 6$ for a one large scooped western. Which was mostly cheap caramel and fudge that was super grainy feeling in the mouth. That grainy feeling also could have come from the poorly sugar pecans. Ughhh it made my western taste like a donut it was so oily and greasy.  My friend got a luv it which had said fresh frozen strawberries that looked like it came from a 10 lb can of gross sugary processed strawberries. And how the heck is it fresh if its frozen?!?! They also had a sign up with all sort of flavors and combinations which made me super excited and for a new comer I didn't know that sign wasnt valid! TAKE IT DOWN! Wasted of my time trying to pick a flavor. Other down falls of this establishment is that it's cash only, angry looking servers, and it looked dirty inside. Go to neilsen's frozen custard instead it's cheaper buy 3$ and the product quality is better. Luv it or leave it? Most definitely a LEAVE IT. And never come back.
5	I really don't have much of a sweet tooth, but when I have a craving for something sweet and delicious, I gladly make the 40+ mile round trip for LuvIt custard. Pay no attention to the flavor list on the big menu board- just use it as the pricing guide. The daily flavors are posted on the left side of the order window. They have vanilla and chocolate every day along with 2, sometimes 3 daily flavors. The flavors of the day are also listed on their website for weeks and weeks in advance, so you can plan in advance for your favorite daily flavors. They also offer hand packed cartons (pints, quarts...) to go. Around the holidays they offer their pumpkin custard which is SO fabulous. I will usually order a quart to have on for a yummy holiday treat.  Besides the pumpkin, my favorites are butter pecan, mint chip, wild cherry, peanut butter, and rocky road. My husband's "go-to" treat is the Western Special. Yeah, it's a bit spendy (@ $3.50 for a massive single scoop in a waffle cone); however, all the custard is made in-house daily with high quality ingredients. You'd spend the same, if not more, for factory-made ice cream from Cold Stone.
1	I used to rate this 5 stars.  It was worth driving across town for.  Now, the scoops are much smaller and the flavor has changed.  Not worth the money, the calories or the drive!
5	Sooo good!!! Walk up window. Variety of  flavors to choose from. I went with the "luv it" special which consisted of a good portion of vanilla custard, fresh frozen strawberries with sauce and chopped nuts. I shared a size regular with my boyfriend. We both enjoyed our rich and creamy frozen treat on this hot day in june.  Definitely a must  try if you've never been.
5	Luv's is the place for late night, sugar-fest cravings - where calorie count is never to be questioned. The standard custard that comes in the short list of specialty concoctions is smooth, creamy or overly sweet. Tried the Western and a bit of the Scotch Jimmie. Usually not a butterscotch fan, but I liked it's slightly buttery toffee flavor. Open late into the night, And it doesn't look like a place that closes. DRAWBACKSIt's located on LVB, but the sketchy local side. The other customers are varied, but many look like the wandered out of or just finished their shift at OG - a close by strip club. * and no seating. With the common clientele, a reason is not hard to imagine. ** Please go - even if you get accosted , you'll have a good Vegas experience and a helluva desert.
1	Unfortunately this place did not hit the "luv it" meter for us. There was a limit on flavors available, only 5, although the sign listed over 15 flavors. The custard was bland tasting. Especially disappointing was the mint chip. The mint flavor was very weak and there wasn't even any real chocolate chips inside. It was chocolate sprinkle pieces... Disappointing.
5	An oldie but a goodie! Luv it has been around for ages and continues to produce the most delicious custard ever! Log into their website for daily flavor offerings! I highly recommend orange and vanilla for a creamcicle-like treat!
5	My girlfriend and I love this place. You literally can't go wrong with whatever you get here it's all super delicious. Only bad thing about this place is that they don't accept cards
5	This is Vegas. Nothing else is more Vegas than this mainstay. It has been here for years and if you have not been here then you are missing out. Nothing here is bad. The lines get a little crazy on the weekends in summer but that is a good sign. Stop procrastinating and get your butt down to this Vegas classic.
4	The vanilla is so tantalizing that I can't even bring myself to order a sundae anymore because I just revel in the awesome power of this vanilla--unlike any vanilla I've ever tasted before or ever will taste, I believe.  Sometimes, I think I'm finally going to come back to the Western Special or Scotch Jimmie treat (which are power punches in confectionary delight), but I find myself just needing that pure vanilla, and I suck each little spoonful with glee to maximize the flavor in my mouth.  My ten-year old daughter and I giggle with mouthfuls of vanilla in the car as we compete to surpass each other in the ultimate compliment for its taste!Judging by the lines outside everytime I arrive and by its staying power when countless locales have come and gone in the last forty years, I presume Luv-It is making money hand over fist so my question is. . . Can we finally freshen up the facade for Heaven's sake?  How weather-beaten does the sign outside have to get before you finally slap on a new coat of color?  I'm sure there is a company in town that specializes in all kinds of signs of all shapes and sizes so how about customizing the notifications about cash only or a contact e-mail address, etc.I recall my Czech ex-mother-in-law exclaiming years ago that even the Russians had nothing on this "ice cream" but also referring to the fellow who ran the shop solo years ago as "drzgros" (Czech for "pennypincher") because he would only give half cherries on the large sundaes.  With a little loosening of the fist, this place could rock an image to match their frozen custard, and they would not just lay claim to the greatest frozen treat in the world--it would be the greatest frozen treat EXPERIENCE in the world, and that's what everyone is selling these days. . . the experience.
5	I LOVE this place! They have 5 daily flavors and they're all VERY good! The gal that works there is SUPER nice. I like this place better than any other frozen custard place in Vegas. It's just a walk up window but it is just SO worth it to their frozen custard. I had the almond chocolate chip and death by chocolate. They were both SO good! Their prices are excellent as well.
2	Good ice cream. But the rude service makes me never want to return. Went 2 times, each with a lady with a big attitude and she won't help you figure out how the menu works. A little help would be appreciated and maybe a smile or hello.  All we heard was,"what do u want " and when I got the item, I asked if it was mine. She said" it's what you ordered right". Wow. Come to find out it wasn't what I ordered.  Go get ice cream from Walgreens down the street.
3	Ummm, it was good.  Not Amazing.  Everything tasted like VANILLA.  Smooth taste but very underwhelming.  Service was friendly.
2	Luv-it's customer service is the only reason I'm dropping my rating. Y'all were rude, but hot damn if you're not serving up some of the BEST frozen delights in Vegas!New ownership means more daily flavors, a slight hike is prices, and rude service. So rude in fact that it makes me not want to return, which makes me sad because the product is phenomenal and a Las Vegas trademark. (Who doesn't like buying custard in a strip club parking lot?)To the Asian lady that took over here's some advice.Smile.Thank people.Don't scold your employees in front of customers.Don't walk away from the window when you see people walking up.Don't look annoyed when you have to explain things to customers.I promise you, these little tweaks will improve the energy around your shop and your customers won't have a bitter taste after the cold sweetness ends.
4	Pretty good ice cream! It's my moms favorite place in town and we've been coming here for years. I usually just get a plain cone and if normally hits the spot.
3	In my opinion... It tasted more like soft serve than the rich & creamy frozen custard that I am used to. It was okay though, just not frozen custard to me. The girl who waited on us was helpful & friendly.
3	Wow must be really cold in there with all of that frozen custard because they were pretty rude. You would think that if a customer tells you they heard about you on yelp you would not be so unkind. The girl who made my order was sweet. The lady at the register was complete opposite. She won't be seeing this because she made it clear she doesn't care about yelp or doesn't have time to read the reviews. I hope she wasn't the owner with an attitude like that. I live on the strip so it's pretty close, too bad they lost a potential regular customer who loves sweets and loves to spend money on them.
1	This place was THE BEST a few years ago.. when the guy ( Greg  or Craig ?) was there  ALL the time.  Someone else owns it and runs it now.  Service was 5 star and was the custard.   Sadly...the product has gone down the drain.. the texture is completely different,  it taste like a cheap imitation of what should be custard.    If you are new to this place, you may not know the difference but to die hard fans like us ( over 20 years) from the beginning- the frozen custard at Luv It's IS NOT what it used to be.    Really sad as this was an icon of Vegas.  Now we drive clear across the city for custard.
4	Luv-It is the best dessert in town.  Flavors change daily, so you can always mix up your sugar fix.  Whether you just want a cup, a cone, or get fancy with one of the sundae options....I'd go for the Western, it hits the spot every time. Peanut Butter + is beyond good, so get there early that day...sometimes they sell out!
5	This is one of my favorite places to go in the summer. The custard is rich like ice cream but smooth. They have a ton of "sundae" options.  There are featured flavors each day. My favorite is the Banana Split and the Western. There is no where to sit down so you either have to stand up and eat or sit in the car. I recommend going when the sun goes down during the hot months.
5	My family and I have known about this Las Vegas treasure for years!  We would always get treated for this on 4th of July and throughout the entire year.  I love the Desert with that crumbly topping (tastes like the inside of a Butterfinger bar) with marshmallow topping and chopped pecans. The western is awesome also with hot fudge, caramel and pecans.  You can enjoy there or bring a small cooler to enjoy at home as my dear sister Michele told me she does on a regular basis!  Enjoy!
2	I used to be OBSESSED with Luv-It and couldn't go more than a week without having it. But thanks to the rude service I could care less about coming back. The employees used to greet me with a smile and actually engage with me, now I get an eye roll for simply pulling up to buy some custard. The flavors are great, the custard is delicious, but being irritated by my presence will not win me over. I'd rather go to Art of Flavors where they are happy to see me and are always polite and welcoming.
4	Was looking for a frozen custard place since moving from St Louis. I think I found it!
4	Somewhere in between Ice Cream and Frozen Yogurt lies Frozen Custard. Located on Oakey, just east of Las Vegas Boulevard, this little charmer of a dessert making shop isn't going to win any awards for "best location". They only accept cash, there is nowhere to sit and you have to walk up and order from the outside, I am sure you're wondering, after the first few lines of this review, how I came up with a four star rating. The frozen goodness they are serving up makes up for all of the pitfalls. I am not much of a flavor guy and usaully stick to vanilla. This time I went with half chocolate and half vanilla with chocolate "jimmies", just a cool name for small chocolate sprinkles. They also offer cookie "krumble", which will turn your vanilla into a cookies and cream type of delight. If you need a little more than just vanilla and a topping, they have plenty of specialty creations. The Western is fantastic, featuring pecans, hot fudge and caramel, topped with a cherry. No matter what you chose, you're sure to be happy with your creamy treat. If you are worried about fat and calories, I hear custard is better for you than ice cream and you are definitely not sacrificing any flavor here. A double cup with a topping with run you just south of five bucks, with a smaller size being even less out of pocket. I will definitely return because I "Luv-It".
5	Thanks Sharon! I had the luv-it sundae. It was so good! Good sized portion and I really liked the contrast of the sweet with the salted toasted nuts. The custard had a great creamy, rich scoopable texture and was just the right temperature. My only wish was that you guys had a location closer to Mountains Edge. There are so many families down here - you'd make a killing! I'll be back to this location as soon as I can make it up that way again.
5	Been coming here with my dad since I was a kid.  Dad no longer comes but he is still with me.The frozen custard is as smooth and creamy and delicious as I rememeber it.  Now if I can only catch them when they make the Banana version.  Girlfriend has been coming here forever too.  She loves the Western.
3	I have had custard back East...no where near as good...OK at best...window staff could not even tell me the difference between custard and ice cream. ..even though it was posted in the window.
3	This stand really has that old-time feel when parents used to bring their kids here in the summer for a nice, cool treat. In fact, this still happens, which makes this spot pretty timeless. I've only had frozen custard once in Wisconsin and it was amazing. My gripe with Luv-It was that the offering of flavors were limited and of the ones that were offered, I wasn't a fan of. They had a new cinnamon bun flavor, which was too reminiscent of Big Red gum. The chocolate pretzel had too much chocolate and not enough salty pretzel flavor. I ended up settling on just a basic vanilla in a sugar cone. I will say that the thick, creamy consistency was spot on. They have other options including huge sundaes. It's cash only and in somewhat of a sketchy area near North Vegas. Their competition, Art of Flavors, is a newer gelato joint right across the street.
3	Small hole in the wall place with great tasting custard creations. Great custard with variety of toppings. Ok service but be prepared with cash. No credit cards taken :/ still good to stop n visit.
2	Went here on good reviews and the fact that this is an institution in Las Vegas. Been around since the 70's. I got the famous western with vanilla custard. I did not enjoy this place as much as the other frozen custard places in Vegas. Believe me I love frozen custard, just not luv it custard. The vanilla tasted artificial and the sundae was way to sweet for my taste. I love frozen custard and I was hoping that it was gonna be really good but was a disappointment to me. At least I can say I tried it.
3	I did not enjoy the western or the vanilla flavor custard at Luv it and gave them 2 stars but the owner contacted me right away and told me that maybe that another type of flavor or sundae might suit my taste since the western was too sweet. I appreciate  the fact that the owner cares about their business and reaches out to their customers. For that I bump up another star. If Im in the area I may  give it another try.
2	My husband and I came to Luv-It as part of our "Downtown Day" on our 5 day trip to LV (from San Diego)... We didn't realize it was closer to the northern end of the strip than the Fremont Experience - which we feel is a rather seedy area... With all of the rave reviews on Yelp, I was expecting some kind of line - especially on a Friday afternoon - but there wasn't anyone there but 2-3 people that were running the place. This didn't help, as I already felt very uncomfortable being in that area. Having several other patrons around would have made me feel more at ease. I was disappointed in how run down and tired the exterior looks, but tried telling myself that some of the best places are rough around the edges. There were a lot of flavors listed, so we asked what the recommended (the Western). Now, I've never had frozen custard, so I don't really know what to expect, per se. With that said, I was underwhelmed. We got the large size, which barely came up to the rim. The custard was half melted... (I was expecting it to be more firm - or cold enough, at least, to hold it's shape). Flavor-wise... Meh. It felt like a budget sundae - like something you would get at Hometown Buffet or Sizzler. I would have been more satisfied with something from Cold Stone, Baskin Robins, or Yogurtland. As soon as my husband and I turned to leave the window with our custard, we were approached by a homeless man that was very adamant that we help him out and give him $5. Looking around, I noticed a few more hanging around the lot. I do not come to LV to be badgered and hustled by homeless people. I am here to enjoy some overdue, well-earned vacation time! Staff was hands-off with the situation, even though it was only 5 or so feet away from their service window. Between the disappointment in the product, the sketchy location, the lack of other patrons, and the number of homeless people lurking about, we won't be back or be recommending it to anyone. We couldn't get out of there quick enough. Sorry, Luv-It, but we'd rather Leave It!
5	Honestly, I grew up in Las Vegas, and I've been going to Luv-It's my whole life. The custard is phenomenal, and I've lived all over the country so I feel confident in the quality. I'm often met with neighsayers from other areas, but they always change their mind! I'm an avid Pineapple Puff fan, but the Sprinkle Special is a close second. Also: Jimmies are sprinkles. I don't know why people don't know this.
3	Your standard custard, made the way it's supposed to taste. My first time here, seems like they only offer 4-5 flavors a day which is a little bit of a disappointment if you're looking forward to tasting another flavor. There are a lot of homeless people wandering around the parking lot which makes it uncomfortable to linger and eat your custard. At first glance coming northbound from Las Vegas blvd, it looks like the store is closed but that's because the front of the store that's facing the street is really the side of the store. Idk...overall custard was fine, but the place could use some sprucing up...or a new location.
5	Las Vegas institution! My family has been here since the early seventies and all have been going here since it opened. There are many great ice cream places, some that I have reviewed, but my heart still belongs to Luv-it. Hate he drive to it, location has some issues, but all rewarded with the custard. Me, Scotch Jimmie, kids anything with chocolate, and my wife is the Western, thus reason for kids and the chocolate fixation. Great for moderate late night, pre 10pm Sunday - Thursday and pre 11 pm Friday and Saturday. Love that they are now open seven days, something that was not always the case.
2	This place used to be awesome. It was worth venturing where the homeless would ask for change and the strip club in the background. However, the love of luv-it is no longer there. So sad since this used to be my go to stop for every trip to Vegas.
4	The location is a tad scary especially in the evenings as we've been hit up for money several times. Obviously that's the part I hate. As for the custard itself, it's always great. It tastes like it's made with quality ingredients & I've never had anything that I didn't like. When we're downtown we usually make a stop & it's always satisfying. They have a wide range of toppings & I happen to have a sweet tooth so I love most of them, especially the caramel, fudge & marshmallow ones.
5	I luv this place! ;). I'm a big fan of locally owned establishments that have been around a long time and Luv-It fits right into that category. Admittedly, this neighborhood is a tad on the sketchy side but really, it's pretty typical of all of the areas between downtown and Sahara. Even at night, I feel safe but it's a good idea just to keep your eyes open. The custard!! Wow is that ever good! I'm really not an expert on what distinguishes ice cream from custard but whatever the case, after coming to Luv-It, I guess I'm a fan of custard now!
2	You'd think that after all of the customer service reviews, the owner would address the issue with her staff. I went this evening to pick up pints of custard to take to a dinner party. I asked the girl working the window which flavors they had, and she asked if I knew what I wanted. Obviously not or else I would have asked for that specific flavor in a pre-packaged pint to begin with. She basically refused to look and see what they had until I told her what flavor I wanted. I won't normally take any stars off of a review just for poor service. The disappointment here comes from the lack of quality and decent ingredients in their custard. Even my parents who are both native Nevadans and would always frequent this place, said the custard has gone downhill since the original owner lost the place to his ex wife. Awful. The roof of my mouth felt like plastic after a spoonful of this stuff. Kind of like how Sonic's "ice cream" leaves a funny aftertaste in your mouth. I hope the original owner opens up a shop of his own here soon.
5	I've always loved sweets and this custard place is the best I've had! I go here all the time now and I've always had a great experience! Some times I get seconds:) my favorite is the scotch Jimmie treat with marshmallow and pecans added !!! It's the bomb.com I luv it!
4	I was happy to see the handwritten signs had been recently removed from the walk-up window.  If you are going to repost the information that was previously up on the signs, how about condensing all the information into one professionally made sign?  Would you consider renewing the menu on the wall--just freshening up the color, at least?  I realize my following suggestion would be a significant expense, but it would be a "one-time" expense (requiring touch-up once in a great while), and I think it would greatly enhance the cult status of your shop:  How about a frozen custard/ice-cream themed mural all across that wall?!?  A frozen custard wonderland--something Wizard of Oz-ish!  Your place would be truly amazing!Maybe I don't have the right to make these suggestions because I'm not donating to them, but I'm a native Las Vegan, I love your shop, and I recommend it to everyone when the topic of desserts, namely frozen treats, comes up--especially to people from up north.  Please give my suggestions some consideration.  I just want to see your business live up to its total potential and really shine!  Thank you.
1	I've been coming here for years, and I love their custards.  With that being said, their customer service just got horrible ever since the new management took over a few years back.  We go there for any type of celebration at work and buy 8-10 at a time.  and for the last 3 occasions out of 6 times we've gone there, one or two orders of custard was missing.  The first two times, we've let it go thinking it was part our fault for not checking the order.  But the third time we asked them to make sure that it was 10 custards.   Of course, we've noticed that one custard was short on a way back to work, we've turned around and asked them to correct the order.  However, they accused us for trying to get a freebie!!  They basically told us to buy another one.  What's worst is we gave them $5 tip so we didn't have enough cash(cash only place), so one of us had no custard.  Custard is good but DON'T TRUST those workers!!  DON'T GIVE THEM TIPS, YOU'LL GET BURNED.It's a shame after 30-40 years in business it has gone downhill.  I used to love taking visitors there, or recommending this place but not anymore.  They are losing the long time patrons more and more.
5	Butter crunch sundae is where it's at!!! We got there first when it opened at one on Sunday. By the time our orders came up, the line was very long. I usually just get plain custard with no toppings, but this time tried the Butter Crunch. It's amazing.
4	A friend recommended trying out this place while we were visiting. I had rocky road and my husband had cookies and cream. Even though we did not order anything fancy it was very good and I would definitely go here again. You just can't beat fresh ingredients and the fact that it is made daily.
3	I love this place even though it's a far drive. When I am craving for something different and sweet, I come here for either the malt or the sundae. The reason why I give this place 3 stars is because the customer service is sometimes a hit or miss. You either get a friendly staff behind the counter or you get an angry, rude one that is annoyed by your very existence. I don't care if you have good custard, that gives no reason to give attitude. It gives a bad taste in my mouth, that makes me think twice about wanting to to even drive down there. I support small businesses because of the family feel, but whoever is behind that counter running it (asian woman), I have one word to describe her, misanthrope.
4	I love this place for their lemon frozen custard. Their service is not the best. They are not very knowledgable. My little sister has food allergies and I couldn't seem to get a straight answer from someone. Nutrition facts and ingredients were no where to be found. The employees seemed so lost and bent out of shape when I ask for ingredients list. But the custard is soooo yummy.
5	1st time here and i love their frozen custard. I just wish they can open a little bit earlier. :D
4	I heard this place was a Vegas favorite and wanted to try it years ago but I guess it closed down for some time.  I was pleasantly surprised to see it on Yelp recently to find that it was back.  My family loved it.  The custard is wonderfully creamy and delicious.  Everyone loved what they ordered.  We all ordered some type of sundae so we didn't try anything other than their standard vanilla custard so I look forward to trying some of their other flavors on our next trip to Vegas.Before dessert, do yourself a favor and visit the taco truck next door for dinner.
