1	They are the worst daycare I seen most of the teachers sucks and the director is rude     They let my 2 years old cry for a sticker
5	My daughter has been attending this particular Childtime since she was less than one year old.  She is currently 5 years old and only attending part time while she is in kindergarten.  This center has been excellent to us and my daughter throughout her attendance.  In the recent years, since the new director Dana came aboard, the center has taken large strides in furthering the children's school based education which has been a huge plus in my eyes.  Before she began her elementary school education she was enrolled in a program that gave the children a full classroom based environment for a couple hours a day periodically throughout the week. Thanks to this my daughter went into kindergarten well prepared, confident in a classroom environment, and ready to continue her education.  The after school pick up is also a great option that works perfectly with my work schedule and lets me trust that my child is in good hands. The staff is incredibly caring and my daughter is passionate about each and every staff member.  She looks forward to seeing them every time she goes and has nothing but great things to say when she talks about her day at Childtime. Now that she is older she also gets to participate in the field trips ( zoo, movies, etc. ) that occur when schools are on a long break.  I will be disappointed when she no longer attends Childtime because of the great relationships that her and I have both built.  Enrolling her there has been positive influence in her development and I would recommend checking it out to anyone who is looking for a daycare.
5	I have personally seen this Childtime go through various changes of management, as my son was transferred here a couple years back after the local La Petit Academy closed. The current management has been in place for a while now, and is fantastic -- they are younger, more passionate, and have REALLY turned this place around. Even the building itself is much cleaner and more professional than it was in the past, thanks to the care that is taken daily for proper cleaning and to ensure that all areas are as sanitary as possible for the children.I have also observed many improvements and positive changes in the staff choices at this location. Some of the lesser teachers have left or have been let go, and other more qualified teachers and management have been put in place who regularly show a vastly improved level of care for the children.Basically, you can bring your children here with confidence, knowing that they will receive the best possible care and education experience for their age, at an affordable price.
5	I recently transferred my son from a kindercare to this Childtime.  I was not unhappy with several important issues so decided to try something new.  We really love this center!  The director is friendly and professional, and the teachers are very sweet, experienced and friendly.  When you come in, every teacher says hi to you and your child, even if it's not their student.  It is a bit smaller as are class sizes, which is really nice because your child gets more attention.  I have seen many of their meals and they really care about nutrition and not just serving canned food all the time, which I didn't like about kindercare.  And bonus, it's a lot more affordable than most of the big name childcare/preschools.  I highly recommend this Childtime if you are looking for an affordable, more personable place that will care for and teach your child an appropriate and stimulating curriculum.
5	We started using this Childtime for our daycare needs    in early 2013. It is just off Chandler Rd on Pennington. Their prices are cheaper than the close-by Tutor Time, also.They helped us potty train our 2yo. Miss Terri was great with him in the 2yo class. Actually, all the staff are wonderful. In the 3yo class, he had Miss Lauren and she was fantastic.  You could tell she loves kids. The only reason we don't still use them is because I got an opportunity to be close to home, so now he attends preschool, or we would still have him at Childtime. Now, about the director,  Miss Dayna, and asst Director,  Miss Lacey.  They are so accommodating and wonderful to work with. They were always so helpful with my hubby's strange work patterns. We had to take our boy out of daycare a few times for no other reason than because he stayed home with his dad in between jobs - no reflection of the daycare. They also accommodated my hubby's lack of speaking English,  and were always quick with a solution to our "he's not working again" issues time and again. This last time, when I found I could suddenly put him in preschool due to my new work situation,  they waived the 2 wk notice and let me change his status to come-as-needed, and I bought a 5-day punch pass good for 1 yr, any 5 days.Last thing:  He didn't come home with a runny nose all the time (or at all) like at Tutor Time,  so I know Childtime must have filters in their a/c vents and probably change them regularly. (At the close-by Tutor Time on Ray, I had told a staff member that it was happening and that they should have their ducts cleaned, and she told me they don't even use filters anymore! Sounds like a health code issue to me.)
