5	I can't say enough good things about Work In Progress.  I recently hosted a meeting there for about 20 people this week. I am based in San Francisco and we were bringing people in from companies across the US for a day-long working session so I depended on WIP staff for help executing the meeting.There is lots of natural light throughout the entire space, and particularly in the large meeting room downstairs.  It was the perfect space for our group with easy AV, beyond fantastic admin help, and helpful support on the pre-event planning.  They completely rearranged the room setup according to our specific requests and helped control noise from other parts of the building during our full-day meeting.  The receptionist went out of her way to make sure our guests got taxis and scanned multiple documents for me on short notice with no hiccups.Patrick, Josh, Zach, and the rest of the team were super flexible and went out of their way to make me feel welcome, almost like I was a part of their team.  I ended up working from the general co-working space for several days before the event and it was a great experience.  I've worked out of 3+ co-working spaces in SF and Work In Progress blew those spaces out of the water in every category - service, space, people, energy.Would highly recommend for co-working space or as a meeting venue!
4	Most people will rant and rave about this place.  I'm totally a fan, and I enjoy working here.  Here's what I love:1)  They gave us free space here for our Girls in Tech Las Vegas meetings.  :)2)  Free coffee for people who rent co-working space here3)  Lots of great people to work alongside with cool ideas, creativity, etc..4)  It's Downtown!  #VegasTech #DTLV #DowntownProject5)  The girl at the front desk is SO NICE!6)  They have meeting rooms, so if you have to have a conference call or bring someone in, like a client or a potential employee, you can have that professional space.  What I'm not a fan of:1)  They allow residents to bring their pets.  I'm not a big fan of animals in the workplace.  I understand why they do it, but I go to an office to avoid the home feel, background noise, etc...  A dog barking isn't conducive to that, for me personally.  Most of the residents are okay with people bringing in dogs, so that's fine. Majority rules, and I knew the dogs were there before I started working there.  I overlook it.  However, I do have allergies and asthma, so I'm aware that I may not be able to work there forever.  They do keep the place REALLY CLEAN, though, so unless you actually see a dog, you wouldn't know they are there.  There's no smell.2)  Kind've in a part of downtown where I don't really like to be after dark.3)  I haven't been able to find free parking. I think if you pay to use a coworking space and that's where you work, you should be able to get free parking.  There's also not a lot of convenient parking.  It's great after 6pm, though. The parking is free at that time, but then you get into the time of day where I'm a bit wary of being in that part of downtown because it's getting dark.All-in-all, if you need office space, definitely check them out. There's a lot going on here and they let you rent out space for events, classes, and even conferences.
5	Stopped here for a day pass.Extremely friendly staff and peopleGreat working environmentDefinitely will stop by the next time I'm in town and need a productive workspace!
