3	New place in Chinatown with lots of potential: given how many Hispanic chefs we have working in sushi restaurants, Asian-Mexican fusion was bound to happen. KoMex does similar stuff, but this place managed to be different.Menu includes tacos: I tried the "I'm Going Back to Kalbi" ($4.50)  and was a bit underwhelmed. Portion was wrapped in one corn tortilla that promptly fell apart on the first bite and flavors were one-note. Interested in trying their chicken teriyaki and tofu tacos on another visit.There are also bowls on the menu, some hand rolls (the Cali was large and only $3) as well as a handful of sides. Tried the miso soup (simple with lots of green onion), the seaweed salad (classic), and the poke (just a bit spicy, really enjoyed this- $4). Location is around the corner from a major plaza and has limited parking out front with signage not to park on the side/back of the building. Interior is rather plain but service is friendly. I was told they're not officially open yet, but their sign was on and I went in and was able to place an order. Hope they're working out the kinks with the tortillas before an official grand opening!
5	Great food and even better service! Really small place, but the super friendly staff that really made me feel at home. I had the chicken teriyaki taco. The meat was super tender and the sauce was really good. I even got a free sample of their seaweed salad and poke since it was their grand opening. Will come back soon for sure!
4	Really great staff, good food for the price. It only fits about 12 people so come before it gets crowded. I had the "I'm Going Back to Kalbi" ($4.50) and it wasnt too bad, could use an option to make it a little hotter, but all around great flavor from the meat and flour tortilla. Poki was spot on, really good fish and wakame in it. My friend had the Terriyaki chicken taco, he really must have liked it since it was done before mine haha. All and all I nice new place in Chinatown, cant wait to see what they will be adding to the menu .
5	Love, love the Poke me bowl seared!  Can't get enough!  What I consider a closer to perfect meal
5	Very cozy, being inside makes you feel like you're in Hawaii/philippines/Guam.. the food was amazing we had poke me bowl, the seared tuna was very fresh the whole mix was very mouth watering...we also had the killa gwen chix, my personal favorite!!! I love the hint of citrus in the mix... the experience was very different.. not your typical dining experience !!!!
5	Great Food and vibe!!! People and food are what make this place so good!!! LiL limited in space, but willing to wait a bit.
5	This little Vegas gem is located in the Chinatown area. Mayweather gym is located 2 alley ways south. This is the first for the Chinatown area.Asian tacos I tried were a special seared poke taco and "I'm going back to Kalbi" taco. Both really good! Held together by flour tortillas and packed with flavor! Each taco runs about $4. Miso soup and Edamame for starters. This is a small quaint place with great people and great food. If you are hungry for some evening bites, I recommend Wok n Roll.  Great fusion flare on delicious asian food.
5	Came in hungry and left full and satisfied, great choice for dinner since I'm a picky eater.
1	Ok the concept is cute. I get it. But def not executed very well. The price for the actual taco itself is not cute. $5 for 1 (one; uno; single) taco. I would love to pay $5 for a taco that was amazing.. But it's not. It tastes like the sauce came straight out a bottle from Costco. I got the kalbi taco and I took 1 bite and was done. The meat is so fatty and it's not the melt in your mouth fat either.. I took the single bite and more than half the meat came out connected to the fat and it was crunchy fat.. Idk but not my idea of NOM.  Oh and I also got the California box roll sushi.. And OMG never again!  I can't put my finger on why but how does a California roll-ish thing go wrong? Humph. And as a last resort of getting some sort of food into my system before I left, I ordered the killa Gwen taco.. And it was OK!! YAY I didn't leave totally hungry.  Anyway.. All in all, if you're going to charge gourmet prices.. Put in the gourmet effort.
5	I Highly recommend this restaurant. Delicious tacos, Poke salad and sushi fresh meat. Fast service and cheap prices.
