5	This is a family-run, friendly business that will move you just a few miles, or across the country. I have several friends who have used Justin and his crew to their amazement.They are 100% honest and reliable guys -- and at a VERY low price to boot... (less than renting a uhaul and providing pizza and beer for several buddies)I am using them for my move on July 1st.Call Justin for a quote (you WILL thank me) and mention Yelp for 10% off...
5	Justin and his crew are good people!  They can move everything or just the big & heavy.
5	Had a great experience with Just-In Time Moving!  A friend was closing a business down and had a well constructed exterior 4x8 building with a solid wood floor, which was something I was looking for.  Called Just-In Time & asked if they could move just one large piece without damaging it.  Justin Hart, owner, met me at the business, looked it over & said, 'sure, we can do it'And sure enough...they did, without any problems. Had it hoisted onto a flatbed truck, drove it across town and set it in place perfectly, all in just a few hours and at a great price!Great job guys, I'll only use Just-In Time Moving for any moving needs, and will refer others to do the same.
5	Why is it that we are soooo surprised when a company is reliable, honest, and provides excellent service at a great price??  It's because it's so rare today!  Well it's not rare from Just-In Time Moving and Delivery.  It's the way they do business.  It's so easy for us to recommend this company and we do!  Call them today!  You'll be glad you did.
5	I have to say that I own a carpet cleaning company and have worked with a bunch of other movers in the valley and there is no other company like Just-In Time Moving. Justin and his crews are outstanding. I have referred him to many of my customers and they have always called back with utter amazement at just how professional and courteous Justin and his crews have been. How reasonable and hardworking they are and it is always nice to know that you can refer someone like Just-In Time Moving & Delivery to your customers without being worried about being embarrassed. Also the customers Justin has referred to me have had nothing but good things to say about Just-In Time Moving and I am not surprised how many have used his service a number of times. Great Job Just-In Time Moving & Delivery.
5	PS - they also recycle moving boxes for their next customer if they would like to save some $$$ and the landfill!
5	I have moved too many people too many times over the years, so this time I decided I would rather pay someone to move all my junk to my new house. I'm glad I did. It's amazing how much stuff you collect over the years. The guys at Just-In Time did a great job. They really hustled to get the job done. They even moved my huge Armoire and entertainment center up stairs. Thanks guys, I'll be calling you when it's time to move again.
5	You have to be CRAZY NOT TO USE THESE GUYS!!!!!! I have moved freinds before and moved myself. I will not do that again!!!
5	*4.5 stars*Hiring this team was my first experience with professional movers, and I'm so glad that I took Yelp's advice on this one. Obviously these guys are in demand because upon my first call, Justin told me that they were all booked up for the weekend I requested.  I would recommend calling in advance!!  However, I lucked out and there was a cancellation.  Justin was extremely prompt with his quote of 2 hours for my small apartment move, and was regularly in touch to confirm.  He had told me to expect the team between 11 and 1, and I had planned accordingly.  He confirmed the day prior for this time as well.  The only reason for my half-star deduction is that the team called me at 9:00 and was ready to go, and usually I wouldn't complain about being fit in early, but I had planned my day around a start time of 11 to 1, due to needing to get my dog to the other place, etc..  I told them to give me an hour, and they were there on the dot at 9:55, ready to go.  2 hours and 30 minutes later, the move from apartment to townhome was complete.  Though it was slightly over my quoted time, I didn't care, because of how careful, courteous, polite and precise the moving team had been.  Truly, the movers went above and beyond.  I was so impressed by the service I was provided, and how friendly both movers were.  All of my belongings arrived safely and were placed in their new rooms quickly.  I am so happy that I chose Justin-Time Moving for my first professional move, and I will certainly use their services again next time that I have to make a move. What an awesome experience!!!
5	I've worked with Just-In Time for over 3 years. The company is a very reliable and affordable moving company. They are always on time, in range with their quotes and the quality of service they provide is beyond expectations. I recommend them exclusively to my clients, friends and family.
5	Very professional company. When it was time to move I began shopping for movers. I found some great rates but sketchy customer service. I contacted Just in Time and their prices were a bit higher, but I could notice the professionalism right away. The guys that showed up were great. They moved efficiently and barely took a drink break. We had a ton of product boxes to move and they helped organize it. I would definitely recommend these guys. Ask for the Yelp discount.Thanks!
5	This was first experience using movers.  The owner personally called Sunday before the move to confirm.  At 7am sharp, the truck arrived, the staff was courteous and started right away.  They were quick, efficient, and carefully packed everything to make sure nothing would break during the move.  When they arrived at the new home, they once again got to work right away without taking a break.  Again, they quickly and efficiently unpacked the truck, and placed the belongings where we requested.  They assembled furniture, help to organize garage storage, and even doubled checked if anything needed to removed.These guys were great!  I would highly recommend them to anyone, and will call again if needed.
5	As a residential Realtor, moving companies play a very important role in my industry.  Since most people don't work with them regularly, my clients typically ask me for a referral to one, rather than choosing one out of the phone book (WHO DOES THAT ANYMORE ANYWAY?!).Just-In Time Moving and Delivery is the only moving company I recommend.  They are a good, local company who works throughout the Valley and across the nation.  And, best of all, when I ask my clients if they liked working with Just-In Time, they always comment on how friendly and reasonable they are!!  I love that!
4	With an upcoming move I knew I had to hire a moving company so I went searching on Yelp and found Just-In Time Movers.  I called and spoke with Justin the owner (what a cute play on his name, Justin, Just-In Time) and he was very nice and more than helpful.  After telling him I found them on Yelp I got a 15% discount on their hourly rate, $72 an hour for 2 men.  Other reviews speak about how pricey this is, but coming from Chicago, this is a deal!!  I had a bunch of moving blankets from my move here that I had been unable to sell, and Justin was more than helpful in letting me trade the blankets for boxes and tape.  So far so good.  When Justin came to deliver the boxes and pick up the blankets, I showed him around and what I had to move - he guesstimated about 4 hours plus the additional hour travel time.  Now I know the hour travel time is usual and customary for any mover, but it really bugs me when moving companies do this especially since I was moving only one block away.  (I was even charged this by another company when I hired them just to unload a truck at my residence when I moved to AZ)  I was a little unsure about how long it would actually take, I had a feeling it would be longer than his estimate, but he assured me his guys would hustle and get the job done.  We scheduled for this past Friday at 7am.  I did need to call Justin with several questions before the move and he was more than patient and helpful.  Thursday night he called and asked if they could make it at 8am instead of 7am and that was no problem, who doesn't need a little extra sleep before moving?Friday morning comes and I get a call that they're running 15-30 min late and they showed up about 8:15am.  The 2 guys (Cory and Mark?) were very nice and I showed them all I had to move.  Justin was right, they sure did hustle and they really did work as fast as they could.  They were even patient when I had a missing cat, to take care to keep an eye out so he didn't run out.  These guys were not slackers, they busted their butts to keep things going.  But I was right and the move itself took just under 6 hours with 2 guys, plus the additional travel time, came out a bit more than I had budgeted.  They put everything where I wanted it, and even moved a few things around for me, I have no problem at all with the actual movers, they did their job and were nice and friendly!  I did end up with a missing pull knob on one of my nightstands (I still haven't found it) but other than that, everything was moved with great care and not damaged.  They did seem rushed at the end of the job, having another job to head to right after mine.  I think if the job was estimated better, I should have had a 3 man team to move to stay within the time frame.  Not that it matters, but in the photos for this business I see under my review as I'm typing, they show a Just-In Time Moving Truck - my movers showed with a Budget Rental Truck.Again the only reason for not 5 stars - the job not being estimated properly, a missing pull knob and the late start.  Would I use them again?  Yes for sure, but I would insist that my estimate of time and men would be more accurate.  If I could rate in increments, they were better than 3 stars, not quite a 4 star, but for patience and attitude, I gave them the benefit of rounding up!
4	I called them on Monday and was able to schedule a move for the very next day.Movers showed up on time, were professional and friendly.  Handled everything very smoothly.Their price is a little about some competitors; but I prefer the reliability of this firm over a slighly lower price.
5	I called Justin based on these reviews and was not disappointed.  From our first conversation he was incredibly professional, giving me an accurate estimate and telling me what to expect.  The movers who came out: Chavez, Keith and Gilberto arrived 15 minutes early and worked very hard from beginning to end!  We had a great deal of big heavy stuff but they handled it all like the professionals they are.  We will def use them on our next move and would recommend them to anyone!
5	We had a great experience with Just-In Time Moving.  Justin, the owner, called us to confirm the night before & even checked the weather for us because we were a little concerned it was going to rain.  How thoughtful is that!  They moved our entire home & the move was flawless.  The guys worked as a team, they were efficient & respectful of our property.  We had some heavy items, like a piano & huge armoire & they moved it without issue.  I really dislike moving & having Just-in Time Moving take care of it for us, was so worth EVERY PENNY!Now, if someone can just snap their fingers & miraculously have everything unpacked I'd be a happy camper:)
5	We used this company when my daughter needed to make a move.  We thought about doing it ourselves but took advantage of the offer to have it done by a professional service.They showed up on time and made the moving experience a good one (if that is all possible).  Kudos to them for their easy to remember name.  I will be using this company in the future!
5	Professional and friendly crew. Justin, the owner, was very communicative prior to the arrival of the crew from the initial call until the crew arrived.  They did run a little late due to a move scheduled before me but they called prior to the scheduled start time to let me know their status.  This was my first time using a moving service and I'd be happy to use them again.
5	I was very pleased with my experience with Just-In Time. I used them because of all the Yelp reviews, my first Yelp friend Michael C sold me on this company with his review. I even got the Yelp discount of $10 an hour to make the hourly rate $99, Sweet! I guess there my be some cheaper movers, but sometimes you get what you pay for when hiring the lowest cost movers.They moved all the stuff (basically furniture and a few boxes) from my house in Biltmore to Scottsdale in a little less than 6 hours. The three guys that moved me needed every inch of the 26 foot truck, with my grill strapped on the outside of the truck. There was a ding here and there, but that's to be expected, there were no breakage issues. As I had fragile items packed by another mover when I moved from my house out of state last summer. There was a chip in my new hardwood floors in the MBR, but I had the hardwood floor guy fixed that today for gratis.I liked the fact that I just communicated with Justin over the phone and described the job to him. His movers showed up on time and did a fabulous job.
5	WOW! These guys are awesome! Best price, fast, and so good with all my stuff. I shopped around - compared prices - these guys just rocked. They have only a one hour min where other companys have a 2 hour minimum and these guys prorate the extra time. JUSTIN on the phone was accommodating and friendly - BOBBY and VINCE (and Kevin :)) were awesome. Man do these guys work hard. Thank you so much for helping me out. Definitely recommend.
5	Wow!  Awesome company!First, I was a little nervous that they weren't going to show up because I didn't get a confirmation call the day before or a "heads up, we're almost there" call the day of.  But the boys showed up ahead of time, ready to work.Second, I have to hire a moving company because of a very large, overwhelming 11-drawer dresser that I could never move on my own or trust friends to help move it.  Marc & Corey were fantastic!  They treated it with such great care, there were no new scratches on it!   Even better, all of my other possessions made it without breaking!They are a little more pricey, but you get what you pay for!  I mentioned I found them on Yelp and received 10% off the cost.  Thanks so much Just-In Time!  I'll definitely use this company again!
5	Simply Awesome!!! Nice guys, hardworking, fast, dependable. They showed up 15 mins. early and went right to work. We highly recommend these guys. I have owned a housecleaning business for 22 years and would love to have a dozen workers like these guys!! My wife and I are planning to move to San Francisco Bay Area in a few years and they said they move out of state as well. We will definitely be using them again!!!
5	Just-In Time Moving and Delivery -  OUTSTANDING COMPANY!!OK....here we go.....- Called a few days ago....Justin, the owner of the company, answered the call.  He was extremely friendly, asked all the right questions, gave me a well thought out estimate, and gave me a confident feeling from the start.- This morning, Justin's big, clean, cool moving truck showed up at my storage unit right on time.  Three nice, well groomed, friendly crew members greeted me, and got started.- In WAY less time than I expected....the truck showed up at my new residence with all of my junk.....er.....belongings.- The crew began unloading.  They were extremely careful, concerned about where each and every item belonged, and as a bonus, they had a nice little comedy routine going on between the three of them throughout the entire unloading process.  They finished a good 30 minutes ahead of the time estimate that Justin originally provided to me.  I paid by credit card, gave each of the crew a cash "thank you", and off they went.In summary - If you are looking for a moving service for your residence or business, use this company.  Period.  In a day and age where quality and customer service have basically gone down the toilet, Justin-Time Moving and Delivery is an organization that goes above and beyond in every aspect of what they do.Five HUGE, FAT, RED STARS.
5	This was basically my first time moving so I really had no idea how to mange the entire process.  I also couldn't afford to screw this up in terms of time and money.  So naturally the first place I looked was Yelp for a solid moving company.  I really couldn't argue with a place with such stellar reviews by fellow Yelpers so I decided to give them a try.I talked to Justin a week or so before my move to set everything up and get some questions answered.  He was friendly and professional and setting everything up was a breeze.On the day of my move, the 2 movers showed up a bit early (huge plus) in a UHAUL which I thought was a bit sketchy but is a pretty genius way to do things if you have your own busy and growing moving company.  The movers began working right away.  They were courteous, fast and professional.  They also went above and beyond by taking apart and reassembling a bed and a large desk that I didn't have time to deal with myself.Anyway, the entire move-out and move-in process was a lot quicker and easier than I thought and went off without a hitch.  I would definitely recommend Just-In Time to anyone and would definitely use them again.
4	Pretty groovy. Had me moved out of my house in 1 hour and 45 minutes and it was so easy.
5	We used Just-InTime Moving a few weeks ago and had an EXCELLENT experience! It was a very large move...two trucks, 4 men, 8 hours and worth every penny! I spoke with Justin a few times in the prior weeks before move to make the necessary arrangements. He was very professional and thorough and answered all of my questions. The day of the move the guys showed up on time and got right to work. They were all very polite and professional. They were very careful with our belongings and were even understanding with the items that we didn't quite have packed appropriately :) We bought them lunch (which was well deserved) and tipped them each (again, well deserved). We moved to another place about 4 miles away and also had to move some belongings to a storage unit nearby. The movers did an excellent job of loading the trucks based upon what what going to storage so that they could unload everything at the house and head to the storage last. They were organized, efficient and hard working. Overall, it was a great experience and I would absolutely recommend Just-In Time Moving to anyone that needs a moving company. I look forward to using them again in the future!
5	I read all of the Yelp reviews.  I called them for a quote and they were professional and polite.  I was expecting them to be good since my they were so highly regarded on Yelp. So I scheduled a small move ahead of a larger one sort of as a test drive.   I cannot begin to explain how good these guys are at what they do.  As with any business it's the little things that set apart good companies from great ones.  They packed my belongings so carefully that is was amazing.  They accidentally packed 2 items that were to be left behind, (My fault) and when we went to retrieve them before loading the truck, they were so carefully wrapped it was amazing. They were on time, their quote was competitive and they did what they said they would do.  I would highly, highly, highly recommend Just-in time movers.
5	These guys were great. The movers even enjoyed our kids bugging them the whole time. Would definetly use them again.  They moved quickly and efficently.
5	Wow. Great movers! These guys are very easy to work with and Justin (the owner) is the one who talks to you on the phone. They take their business seriously, and apply that same level of commitment to your move. The estimate I received was super accurate, and they worked quickly and efficiently until the job was done.
5	I picked Just-In-Time because of the stellar reviews on Yelp, and was not let down one bit. The guys showed up fifteen minutes early on moving day, and went to work immediately. It was a great moving experience. Just-In-Time was professional, communicative and reasonably priced. We had some fragile items, which they took much care to package and move. They asked the right questions, and they did a thorough job. The washer and dryer were hooked up without asking. I would highly recommend Just-In-Time for your next move, because with all the other things you've got to worry about during the moving process, why worry about the most major thing? You won't be dissatisfied. Try Just-In-Time.
5	Thanks to Just-in Time Moving for doing an excellent job with our move.  Before we chose a moving company, I did quite alot of research.  I was looking for good phone service for starters, returned phone calls and fair pricing with licensed and bonded movers.  This company was passing the test quickly as well as great referrals I was receiving.On moving day, Jesus and Chavez showed up 15 minutes early.  Next, each of them shook our hands and introduced themselves with a smile and eager to get rolling.  Great attitudes from the get go!  We felt comfortable with the guys and enjoyed their sense of humors.  The moving took longer then expected due to the amount of "stuff" we had.  But not once did Jesus or Chavez get frustrated.  They kept moving and their attitudes never changed.....all the way to the end.  It is so hard to find GREAT Customer Service these days from start to finish.  This is a company that knows how to deal with picky customers.  They treat everyone the same.  Thank you very much.  I will be giving many referrals.Thanks to Justin who is hiring great movers with positive attitudes, leadership skills and dependable.Thank you.Karen and Terry
5	Yet another top-notch moving experience with Just-In Time.  I even got to request the same team that assisted me last time. They were early and ready to rumble as soon as I was.  There's not much more to say that hasn't been said.... they're professional, gracious, quick and honest.  As long as I'm in the Phoenix metro area, I won't think of using any other company.Make sure you mention the Yelp discount. Ask for Bobby, if you can... he's a champ!
5	Justin's guys came and moved our home this week. My wife and I had debated for a couple weeks whether we would use a mover. She didn't want to spend the money but I convinced her it would be worth it. I gave Bobbie a couple of instructions and then I left for work. My wife sent me a text when they were done and said that they were worth every penny. There was no damage to my furniture or appliances and they were fast. I will definately be using them in the future and highly recommend them.
5	We used Just-InTime Moving to move and they exceeded my expectations.  They showed up on-time the morning of the move, and were ready to work!  They were friendly, courteous and professional.  They are really a great moving company, their prices are reasonable and I would highly recommend them to any of my friends or family members if they needed movers.
5	I'm really glad I chose Just-In Time Moving to pack and load my storage unit.  I was moving out of state, and after dealing with 5 or 6 unsavory-sounding moving companies over the phone, I decided to ignore those and look online.  I found Justin via Yelp with their perfect rating and arranged an estimate.  I was out of town at the time so I had my mom at the house for the estimate, and Justin was more than willing to accomodate.I ordered services for packing and loading a 3 bedroom townhome into a PODS storage unit.  Jeff, Chavez, and Gilberto were fantastic.  They were only a couple minutes late because they were trying to find extra boxes that they could provide to me free of charge (unfortunately they couldn't find any).  Throughout the morning they were extremely professional and personable, offering me various tips on moving and chatting about my move.  They accommodated my requests to have certain boxes placed towards the front of the unit, and did a great job getting everything to fit.It's too bad I'm moving out of state because I wish I could hire them for the unload and unpack!  I definitely recommend them for your future moves.
5	If I could give them 10 stars I would! This was my first time using a moving company and I could not be happier with the experience. From the owner to the moving crew - this is a very well run operation. As you can tell by previous reviews, these guys know what they are doing, are efficient, honest, and just all around good people. James & Marc were the guys who came out to move me. They were both extremely friendly and hard working. I moved from one house to another in the middle of the AZ summer and I cannot imagine them having to work in such miserable heat - but they were quick and worked perfectly as a team. All of my furniture made it safely from point A to point B and they made sure everything was put exactly where I wanted it. These guys will definitely be my "go to" moving company for any future moving needs and I have recommended them already to 2 friends. Thanks for the awesome work guys!
5	Least stressful move I've ever had.  The crew worked hard, was polite & professional for both the packing and moving.  It was almost like being in the Twilight Zone, because normally you expect movers to suck.  No doubt I'll choose this company again for moving, if needed.
5	This was my 3rd time using a moving company and  was by far leaps and bounds above the rest. We had a custom made hand made desk that came with the house we bought. It couldn't fit through the door to be moved and thinking we'd have to leave it with the house, we called Just-In-Time to see if they could move it.Justin came and assessed the situation and said they could disassemble it, no problem and get it out for us. The movers were prompt, friendly, and helpful. The bill came to exactly  what we were quoted and we couldn't have been happier. They even reassembled the desk. The only thing they didn't provide was bubble wrap, which I needed for a glass case. I just needed to ask for that prior to the movers getting out there and they would have brought it.
5	This company deserves more than 5 stars!!! First off, I looked at all moving companies reviews and only called Just in Time Moving and Delivery because every single one of the reviews were nothing but positive!!! I have heard horror stories with other companies and I wasn't gonna risk it. Their cost is well worth it! I called Justin and left a message then went ahead and sent Andy an email from their website for a quote (both on Sunday). They both immediately responded Monday morning. I explained that we were moving from an apartment into a home, both with stairs, and that we had a 10x10 storage unit packed full. A week and a half before our move our moving date was reserved for 7 am. On moving day, Bobby, Vince, and James showed up about 20 minutes early and had the storage unit unpacked and ready to go in 30 minutes! Wow, I thought what a great start!!!! We dropped it all off at the new house and then went to the apartment to load up the truck yet again. These guys never slowed down for a second. Very hard workers that are also very careful with your stuff. We did our move in 5 hours, exactly what I was quoted! These guys are great and I would only recommend Just in Time Moving and Delivery for any move you may be planning.
5	This company is great.  My fiancee and I chose this company to move her belongings to our new home after reading the many positive reviews on Yelp and we weren't disappointed.  The  movers were friendly, efficient, and quite helpful.  You could tell that these guys like their job through their personal interaction and sense of humor!  And kudos to Andy and his staff for quoting an accurate price.  I'm moving my household goods to the new house in a few weeks and will definitely use Just-In Time for that move, too.  Many thanks for an excellent job.
5	On-time, incredibly friendly, efficient-- both speedy and careful.  I can't say enough good things about them. The previous time I had movers (another company here in the valley) , they were rude and broke my stereo.  Just-in Time, however, was fantastic, doing incredible work despite my tons of boxes of books and the ridiculous July temperatures. Hire these guys.
5	I've used several moving companies through the years and this was by far my best experience.These guys are professional, courteous and fast. They went above and beyond, making sure our belongings were moved carefully and setup the way we wanted. No surprises on the bill, everything was as quoted.If you use these guys be sure to tip them well and buy 'em lunch if you can, they deserve it.We will call on them again for our next move for sure!
5	I have used JUST-IN TIME twice now and they're great. They treat your time as if it were theirs, and the same for your belongings. Quick, efficient, pleasant, and not a scratch on anything. What more can you ask for?
4	Great professional movers. We had 3 guys that moved us in a little under 4 hours.NO real issues, hooked my washer and dryer up wrong which led to a flooded laundry room, Dryer hose was never connected as well. I'm fine doing this all myself, but don't go through the motions of connecting and pushing the appliances back against the wall unless they are connected right. Maybe off their A game that day, otherwise would have been a solid 5 stars.I'd use them again, I'd just double check the washer & dryer hook up situation prior to them leaving.
5	Justin and Just-In Time Moving is the bomb!  We moved right near the 4th of July and it was a very last minute move with a two story 5 bedroom house.  They accommodated our every request!  We moved twenty miles across Phoenix and they were not only on time but professional and helpful throughout!The team leader kept everyone on point and nobody lagged or relaxed.  We were completely moved and set back up with everything re-assembled in less than six hours!  The guys were all top notch and very respectful.  We were amazed at how easy and non stressful this move was!I have recommended this company to everyone I know is moving!  I hope I NEVER have to move again but if I do this is the only choice for me!  Awesome experience start to finish!  Call them!  They rock!
4	Used them first week in January 2012, would use them again for sure, although I did have a problem, they way they handled it was professional and courteous and they took care of it!!  Things happen in a service business but it is more how a company deals with it and they called me personally, were professional and resolved any problem I had, so yes I would certainly use them again and recommend them!
4	Very good movers.  Great customer service and hard workers.  It was a low stress move thanks to their professionalism.  They provided all the equipment and took care of things other lesser places try to charge extra for.
5	Listen, moving is obviously the worst thing in the entire world, at least for me it is. Every time I move it's awful. I don't like to pack, I don't like to lift, I don't like all of the residual dust in your face. Yes, I'm a prima donna and I hate being inconvenienced and I REALLY hate moving.That is until I hired Just-In Time Moving. I actually hired them to pack and move me, remember that whole prima donna thing? Yeah, wasn't joking... Anyhoo, I must have had the two most reliable, responsible guys in charge of my haul in the entire world. This is easily the 5th or 6th time I've moved since I've lived in Phoenix, and no one even comes close to these guys. They may be a little bit pricier than some of their competitors out there, but if you value little things like your belongings and unscuffed walls, you'll pony up for the pros. As nice as can be, as professional as can be, and trust me, if they meet my ludicrously high standards, they'll meet yours too.
5	We used these guys right after the new year to move from a home we had been in for 15 years to a brand new one...they were so careful and professional. Nothing was overlooked and we were thrilled with their service. Then a few weeks later when we realized we had too much packing left in our old house, they helped us pack up our belongings in record time and move that over as well. We expected our new garage to be over run with boxes but they made sure we had clearance to park both of our cars and we just cannot say enough about how great this company is! We have been professionally moved for corporate relo in the past, this company is waaaay better! You won't be disappointed.
5	The guys from just in time movers were very friendly and professional, not to mention they were fast. I thought my furniture was large and going to be difficult for them. They made it seem very easy. I was also worried about them trying to take their time as they go by 15 minute increments, but they were as fast as they could have been. Next time I move I am definitely using this company again.
5	We recently bought a house and had the unfortunate task of moving.  Luckily I took to Yelp for recommendations on a good moving company and found Just-In Time Moving.  I hate moving and I mean really hate moving but Just-In Time made it far more bearable than ever before.  The crew of 3 (lots of junk in my house) arrived on time and ready to go.  They had our 2100 sqft house emptied in two and a half hours and packed incredibly well.  Unloading was also done wonderfully well and they are happy to place your items wherever you'd like.  This was hands down the best experience ever moving.  The crew was insanely awesome and it went so smoothly.  I highly recommend them to anyone looking for movers, they are the best!!Happy Moving!
5	I just found this site looking for moving quotes the other day. It was dope. I filled out the form and all these movers started hitting me up with quotes. It took me about a week to organize them all, but when I finally did I realized I probably saved about a thousand bucks. It is just like orbitz or cheap tickets but for moving quotes. pretty cool i thought.
2	This is more of a review of the office staff as the actual movers never made it into my home. When booking they wrote my phone number down wrong. May not seem like a big deal but living in a condo they needed it to gain access to the community. When they were 30 min late I called the office, yet they were closed still, no way of contacting the driver or asking where my movers were.  Called back when they were supposed to be open, yet still got a voicemail. Left one stating to call call back about my appointment but they never did.  Finally 2.5 hours later I called again and when I asked why the movers never showed up I found out what happened with the phone number. Was told by Andy that it was my fault and I should have answered the numerous calls they made to me and that they were waiting outside the gate ( which they were not when I did go down to check!)...maybe they should take their own advice and check their own voicemail every once in a while.  If they would have answered the phone or checked the voicemail in a timely manner they probably would have still been able help me out instead of being 2 hours into the next client's move.  Yes, I  know this was an accident, but since I  had to take time off work, waste a day sitting in a condo, have to wait another week (past move out date) and take even more time off for the next move I think that was a pretty big and expensive mistake.  Needless to say I found another company to help me out and I MADE SURE they had my info right.  When a business contract is made over the phone you assume that the person can take accurate notes and be reliable.  I found both to be lacking in this office and why they lost my business.
5	These guys are great. They were punctual and very polite and professional. They also took care of my stuff as if it was their own with proper padding and wrapping. They dinged a very small spot on the corner of one of the walls at my new place moving a desk (it is easily fixed as these things happen), but they made a point to tell me instead of trying to keep it from me so I notice it after they're gone. Owning up to it made me appreciate them even more.Pleased with their service and will use them again.
5	I hired Just-in Time moving for a move from my 1,000 square foot apartment in North Scottsdale to my new place at CityNorth on May 21, 2012. This company and the crew -- Bobby, Jeff, and Daniel -- are wonderful and absolutely amazing. It was an absolute pleasure to work with them. In short, Just-in Time was: ON TIME, PROFESSIONAL, COURTEOUS, FAST, WELL-PREPAREDAndy and I discussed the move over email when I filled out a contact form. He responded same day and was prompt with all future correspondence. Pricing was upfront -- I paid $103/hr for a 3-person crew which I believe is a discount since my move was scheduled for Monday: Monday through Thursday are discounted from $119/hr (I think) to $103/hr. There was also a one-hour trip charge for $103. They brought all blankets, tape, and shrink-wrap. They even had tools to dissemble my furniture and assemble it at my new place.Andy communicated with me a few days before my move date to confirm and communicated with me throughout the day on the scheduled move date to keep me updated of any time changes. (The move was scheduled for 11AM but the crew had a bigger job so it pushed back to 12:30. I had the option for another crew at our originally scheduled time but I was running late so it worked out perfectly). The crew was very fast, kind, and did not damage any of my items. The crew shrink  wrapped furniture and packed up my flat panels with extra care. They were willing to disassemble and assemble all of my furniture but I declined just to save some time.  The crew did disassemble assemble some items and took the time to do a perfect job. I estimated $500 for my move -- about 4 hours + 1 hour trip time -- and they completed the job in 2.5 hours and the final bill came to $360. Andy is very fair with the quote process. If you are up front and open with him about what you have and how ready you will be -- i.e. boxed vs. loose items -- I believe your final bill will be extremely close if not exact. There were no added fees or surprises for the final bill. Now, the crew did say I was especially ready for the move: most of my items were in boxes and color coded for the rooms. So, I don't want everyone to think they are going to pay less than what they are quoted. However, they did move as fast as they could without rushing and cutting corners.Just-In Time also does furniture delivery service. I will only use Just-In Time in the future and recommended them to the property manager at my new place. These guys are awesome.
5	These guys were FANTASTIC!!!  Our two man crew arrived right on time, was efficient, courteous, VERY professional, and handled all of our belongings with great care.  I hope to not move again for a very long time, but when I do, I'm calling Just-In Time Moving again!!
5	This review will be short and sweet, because reviews only need to be long when there have been problems. In this case, things could not have gone better.  Justin came out to evaluate the move, and he came on time and was a pleasure to do business with, as was Andy.  We're very busy, and for the first time in our lives, paid a mover to pack, and they did an excellent job packing the day before the move. The move went smooth as can be. All the employees were pleasant and hard-working and refused to take a break even when I suggested it. Everything was handled gingerly and nothing was broken or lost. The final bill came in under the estimate. After the move, I received a few coupons in the mail offering "Three men and a truck" for a significantly lower rate than what we paid.  My advice is, if you like to gamble with your money and your valuable possessions, call one of these coupon guys. But if you are like us, don't take chances just to (maybe) save a little money, go with a company like Just-In Time that has proven itself over and over, as evidenced right here on Yelp.
5	I used this company in June, 2012.  I received a confirmation call the day before, and and update call in the morning as they were on their way.  Their company truck broke down the day prior to my move, but they rented a truck to make sure my move was covered.They showed up as scheduled, emptied my small apartment, then to my storage unit, then unloaded everything at my new home in two hours flat.  The guys were efficient and hard workers.  The quoted price was exactly the total that was explained prior to the move.I would definitely recommend this company.
5	Rating 5 stars * 10 Movers : * Jeff and Karl * I would give a milky way to these guys instead of 5 stars review.I moved out last Saturday (one bedroom apartment), they worked for me with the speed of light. They seemed super efficient. They totally know what they are doing.I even felt that they are trying so hard to save my time = money while working.My furniture never got damaged, it is super clean.  They even charge the moving fee every 15min. I estimated 2~3 hrs of moving, but they completed within 1.5hr.You will never regret if you pick this company for your super annoying moving out process.
5	I have used these guys lots of times and have always been happy with the job they do.  I also like that no job is too small.  Sometimes I just need some furniture moved from one floor to another or from one home to another.  They are always professional and curtious and fast.
5	We would invite these guys over for family events and dinner's, that's how awesome they were and how much we trust them!! Me and the wife were needing to move from a 1 level 1,000 square foot apartment in Chandler  to another in Scottsdale, these guys made it smooth as it gets! I researched a few movers in the Valley and came to Yelp and noticed they had such high reviews. Just-in time totally lived up to it's great reputation and it's 5 star reviews!! They were straight forward with no gimmicks or hidden fee's. They called the day before to confirm and came even 15min early at 6:45am, which was nice!!  Came with the right size truck, so no back in forth driving. Truck was clean with all supplies and professional looking with JITime Banner all over it, not some shady looking unmarked fly by night white truck. The 2 guys that showed up were very professional, clean, nice, funny and felt like my brothers and family! While moving I had no worries with them at all, i just did my own thing and I threw away trash while they worked.  I complimented to them on how efficient they work, and he mentioned they go through training since the owner takes pride in his business, which is rare since I have seen other companies just hire a dude off the street when no idea what they are doing and can damage items and themselves.  I love how they wrapped plastic what needed to be wrapped. These guys rocked!!! Since I am disabled and could not move myself especially in this heat, they moved fast and efficiently. I called the wife to let her know we were done already and she was shocked!  These guys even helped me position the couches were i need them and my King size bed and offered to help move anything around! I even offered them some cold water, and they said they have their own in the truck, little things like that tell me alot about how they got things covered and how they are prepared for moving in AZ heat. They did compliment me on how organized I had everything and boxed up ready to go so that helped them move efficiently as well. We will absolutely use them in the future for any big or small move!! Thank God for Yelp since we were so scared of having someone move us because we had not used any companies within the valley before and people we knew said a few companies not to use from bad experience.  Now we can finally say to just use Just-in time moving for all your needs with no worries. Give them a shot, and you will not be disappointed. Thanks again guys!!
5	These guys are awesome!  I got myself in a sticky situation and they were able to move my item and help me out big time.  But beyond that, when they entered my house each one of them shook my hand and introduced themselves, very professional.  I will use these guys again any day of the week!
5	We decided the week before our move we wanted movers. After my Yelp search, I came across a couple different companies with solid review histories. My desicion came down to price comparison. We decided to go with these guys, because they were the least expensive...and we were happy with our decision.M-day. Their office called to let me know they had trouble finding my place. Once the crew of 3 arrived only a few minutes after their scheduled start time, they all introduced themselves and were professional and friendly from the start. The leader wanted to make sure the office called me to let me know their situation, so that was cool. Things I paid attention to in which I had heard nightmare moving company stories from friends: the movers were careful with our belongings while moving at a good speed, knew obviously knew what they were doing, they worked well together, and they didn't waste a lot of time wrapping insignificant items. Maybe the most important piece to take away from my review: there were no hidden or trick charges like I've heard of some moving companies pulling. I don't think my experience could've went any smoother. 5 stars Just In Time!
5	I'm really, really late in writing this review, but I figure better late than never...I used Just-In Time back in March. This was my second time using a moving company. After my first experience, which was horrible, I was a bit nervous about trying it again. I'm soooo glad I chose these guys!! I can't remember any of their names (because it was a few months ago), but everyone was AWESOME!! The guy who set my appointment and gave me the rate quote was friendly and was able to give me an accurate quote. I liked this because all other companies I had contacted gave me a high\low range that varied up to $500.When the movers showed up at my house, they were great too. Who knew I could have fun moving?!?! They were very personable and efficient. I couldn't believe at how quickly they had my old house emptied and new house unloaded. The quote I was given was 100% accurate. No surprise charges or fees. They made the move a positive experience.I've told everyone I know about how great they were\are and I will recommend them to anyone who is looking to hire movers. If I ever need to move again, I will definitely use them. Thanks guys, you were great!! :)
5	We will NEVER move ourselves again. Everyone has heard horror stories about crappy movers, things getting stolen or jacked up. Not with these guys.PROS:On-timeSuper fastEfficientProfessionalHelpfulCost effectiveCONS:Only that I didn't hire them in the past.We couldn't believe how cheap it ended up being. We had a 2300 SQ FT home and we were quoted by other companies about 4 times what it ended up costing.  They gave us tips on how to make it more cost effective, we were seriously blown away. Oh and they charge in 15 minute increments and disclosed all costs (nothing hidden) upfront. They make me want to move again (well not really that part sucked, but they truly made the actual move part cake) !
5	i just had my 2nd move with justin time movers and they are amazing! there's so much i love about my experiences with them that i'm struggling to write a decent review! they are professional, efficient, and super reasonable.  this time- i called a few weeks in advance but couldn't actually book until two days before my move. they called me when they were on their way, came right on time, respected my belongings, and kept my move under three hours. the movers were personable, respectful, professional and just all around awesome. their prices are super competitive and the price they quote you is the price you pay and i really appreciate it.  i have recommended them to everyone i know doing and they will be the only movers i will use while in az!
5	First review on YELP. These dudes actually inspired me to write something up. Their rates are ridiculously good - we were making a cross state move, and to add some perspective to it, our Los Angeles movers cost over $400 where these guys ran us about $200, even short a guy compared to the L.A. peeps. So like I said, rock solid service. They were nice and courteous and they seriously moved like a pair of blurs. The rating above is no joke. Get these guys, family-owned and small business centric and put your stuff in the hands of professionals.
5	They made the process seamless from start to finish. I would easily recommend them to anyone. Very good company. The movers themselves (Bobby, James, and Brandon) were extremely personable and efficient. We are scheduled to have them move us  again and I can't imagine it going any differently.
5	LOVE this company.  Everyone is super professional, helpful, calm, and FAIRLY priced.  I hired two guys to help me move stuff from my storage unit into my moving truck for $89/hr (1 hour minimum and prorated every 5 minutes after the first hour).  They worked fast, knew VERY well what they were doing, organized my truck for me and tied everything down so that nothing would fall during my move cross-state.  They were friendly, funny, and courteous which made them a pleasure to be around.  Even though Andy in the office told me that the movers would meet me at the storage until between 11am-2pm (big window), they were ready to go by 11am.  Another moving company never even returned my call!  Just-In Time did, so don't be turned off if you get their voice mail.  They will call you back.  I hired movers in CA when I arrived and they charged twice as much and were not as pleasant to be around.  This small business has everything together!  :)
5	After interviewing countless movers we were left feeling like we were going to be ripped off no matter who we chose.  They were all the same and we couldn't get firm answers to our questions.  All very vague.Then we found Justin Time Movers and I can't say enough to express our appreciation for this company and their employees.We hired them to move my elderly mom.  Scheduled move was 6am.  They phoned the day before to confirm and arrived right on time. First, they were genuinely nice guys.  Second, they treated my moms furniture like it was their own and throughout the move they did those little unexpected extras that weren't part of their job.  They were fast, efficient, trustworthy, helpful....and friendly.  Not traits we found in most movers we spoke to.  The cost was true value and very close to their estimate.  No surprises.  No add ons.  No excuses.  No hassle.We will hire Justin Time movers again and I will recommend them always.  It was just such a great experience during what can be an otherwise stressful process.Thanks guys.  You were great and your professionalism was greatly appreciated by all.  For those of you shopping for movers, don't hesitate to talk to Justin Time Movers.  Well worth the call.
5	Seriously - If I could give six stars I would.  My movers, Kevin and Karl, showed up right on time.  They were professional and friendly and just the nicest guys.  They shrink wrapped and padded everything, even moved my upright piano, and had the whole move down to a science.  They had my single story house loaded and ready to go in just under 3 hours - with the move in to the new 2 story house being even faster.  Anything I asked they did not hesitate to do, from repositioning furniture to taking additional boxes upstairs.  The disassembled and reassembled furniture perfectly and nothing was so much as dinged much less broken.  And the entire time they were just as nice as nice could be.  Justin, keep these guys for sure!!!  The cost for the move was really good, much less than I anticipated.  I highly recommend this company and will absolutely use them again if/when I move.  They made what started as a very sad, stressful event become fun and enjoyable for me and my family.  Thank you Kevin and Karl!!!! :)
5	We are a repeat customer of Just in Time Moving and for a good reason. It starts with Justin! Justin is very fair, reasonable and honest (hard to find with moving companies). They recently moved my wife and I from Scottsdale to Walnut Creek and managed to complete the entire move in 30 hours. Bobby's crew was very polite and professional. They are some of the hardest workers we have encountered. They went the extra mile to make sure my wife was happy before they left our new home in Walnut Creek. This is a competitive business and I would not recommend any other moving company but, Just in Time Moving. In my opinion, "they are the best in this industry".
5	Just-In Time Moving was absolutely amazing.  I moved from a 2nd floor apartment to a house.  Just on Sunday, I decided to hire a moving company to move the heavy stuff including a King Size Oak bed that needed to be disassembled and reassembled.   The two-man crew got there and right to work.  Not once did I feel like they were taking their time; they worked constantly.  While the job was probably considered a small job, they exceeded my expectations.  I was telling a co-worker, who is moving in the near future, about how pleased I was and he commented, "you are hard to please so they must have been good!"  I would highly recommend Just-In Time Moving and delivery.  I've never paid to move but I certainly will consider it again in the future.  The peace of mind that my furniture will be treated with care and just getting the stuff moved made any costs well worth it.  I really can't say enough about how impressed I was with my experience.  Not only will I submit this review, I have already called the company and expressed my satisfaction.  I will definitely spread the word for Just-In Time Moving.  I would say they deliver EXTRAordinary Service.Tracy
5	These guys are the best!  They get the job done in a timely fashion with great care for your furnishings. Our move happened in a hurry, we couldn't pack fast enough and had to bring them back for a second trip, it was a local move. They had to take part of our furnishings to our apartment and the remaining to storage.  They did an awesome job.  I'm having them come back to help us consolidate storage units.  I dont' write reviews very often but I really wanted to give a shout out for this company! They even moved large pieces to the garage for pick up by St. Vincent de Paul. Really super people!
5	First, I just have to say that we will NEVER move ourselves again! I can't believe that we are just now discovering how awesome using a moving company is! Just-In Time was AMAZING. They showed up in a timely manner, were very well prepared and took great care with all of our items. We had Jeff and Robert as our movers that day, and they both did such a wonderful job. They took the time to walk though our apartment and get an idea of what needed to be moved. They wrapped the more delicate items in plastic, making sure to not scratch or damage anything. We were in the third story apartment, which sucks when you're moving, but not when you use these guys! They hustled in and out with all of our stuff in a few hours and it didn't take very long at all to get all of our stuff into our new home! It was also great when they took the time in our new place to ask us exactly where we wanted all of our items placed. Which made everything so easy once we finally got to settle in. We would HIGHLY recommend Just-In time when you are ready to move. And if you can, ask for Jeff and Robert! They will make your move so easy, carefree and fun! We will most definitely be using these guys every time we move!
5	On Jan. 21st Jeff and Mike Mulenberg moved my daughter from a second floor apt. to a house and some things to a storage area.  They were great!  Nothing was damaged in any way and they were miracle workers getting all those things to fit in the storage area.  They were very nice and pleasant to deal with.  I would recommend Just-In-Time to anyone wanting moving to be a positive experience.Maryann M.
5	Recommend!  Very professional and courteous and showed up on time. Very clean cut. Actually came in and looked us in the eyes, shook our hands and introduced themselves.  Used other movers over the years and never had this level of professionalism.  VERY IMPRESSED!
5	Fantastic experience with Just-inTime Moving. Andy answered all of my questions before the move, and called to confirm our appt several days in advance. The 3-man crew showed up on time and were professional, efficient, and friendly. These guys hustled all day long. They were as careful with our belongings as we would have been -- couldn't have asked for a better experience. It was worth every penny to have them do the move for us -- I've already recommended them to a co-worker.
5	I had a 1600 sq ft two story home. They got there early, and got right to work. I had two guys that were 100% efficient, and professional. The job took about four hours to wrap load and unload. I had used another company the last time I moved and they did a good job, but Just In-Time did an amazing job. I will use them from now on.
5	We used Just In Time to move the large furniture 10 miles to our new house. I agree with a previous review - they were amazing! We were quoted 3-4 hours based on what I said we had to move. The two guys ran between the house and truck most of the time and only took 3 hours. With no damage to the furniture and everything placed where we asked.We had the luxury of time so we had packed and moved all the small stuff ourselves in the weeks prior to the final move, but I bet they would have done an excellent job with that too!
5	I called Just-In Time on Monday to see if they could move a very large china buffet to Goodwill.  They were very professional and courteous and mentioned I could save some money with the Yelp Deal in place.Robert and Rick, the crew, were very professional, on-time, and very efficient.  I was so impressed I wouldn't hesitate to use them again!Thanks guys!
4	The guys did a great job.  Just so you know - they will not move live plants.  I had three very large planters on my upstairs patio and it was a bear to move on our own!  Other than that, it was courteous and had fun talking to the guys while they were moving our things.  I did spend a lot more than I wanted, too - but it is worth it compared to doing it myself!
5	All these high reviews, and rightfully so.  I've had some HORRID experiences with movers, so this was a breath of fresh air.  They were on time (a rarity these days), friendly, and moved quickly.  They even took the time to tighten up some lose joints on a desk to make sure it was sturdy.    Price was unbelievably reasonable, no hidden charges or surprises.  Would absolutely call these guys again.
5	We moved yet again and called Just In Time again since we had such an easy and stress free move the last time. This time we were moving from Ahwatukee to Tempe. How long do you think a NORMAL moving company would take? 5 to pack up, drive over, unload, set up....?Just in Time took two hours from door to door. I literally could not believe how fast they were. Nothing was broken. Nothing but courtesy and politeness. Nothing but a great deal and stress free move!!!!I just found out my new neighbor is moving and referred them just as I would refer to you!!!
4	They assisted with planning the move by asking what furniture we had in each room and in the garage and yard. They suggested two trucks and 4 guys and the whole move from Gilbert to Queen Creek took about 4 1/2 hours. They were prompt and professional yet personable. We did most of the packing of boxes ourselves and they promptly loaded up the trucks. I would suggest that they cover the furniture with blankets as with ours they just wrapped them in plastic as a couple of pieces were nicked. Also a few fragile items broke in the truck. However they got all of our stuff out and used two trucks so that we did not have to take the extra time to squeeze everything onto one truck. They were quick to unload and got almost everything into the correct room as we guided them. I would highly recommend this company and if you pack yourself please take caution to pack fragile items well.
5	Great service.  Their office did all the necessary followup and adjusted to my schedule when plans changed.  Their movers work quickly, were courteous, and acted professionally.  You cannot go wrong with this team.
5	I joined Yelp JUST to give these guys the review they deserved.I have moved through 10 different cities in 5 different states and have utilized all sorts of different moving companies (Starving Students, Two Men And A Truck, Budget Movers, ARS Movers) as well as rented U-Hauls and moved myself.  Just In Time movers are hands down the most professional, courteous, efficient and honest moving company I have ever had the pleasure to work with.  The person who did the dispatch on the phone not only gave me an accurate assessment, but also recommended different moving plans based on how cost-effective it would be for me in the end.  On moving day, I had Mike and Mike as my movers who showed up 10 minutes before the appointment time and prepped their truck and equipment so that my billed time started when they actually started to move my stuff.  I was moving a 2 bedroom set from the 11th floor of a high-rise condo in Downtown Phoenix to a 3rd floor apartment unit in Peoria and the entire process took 2 1/2 hours from start to finish.  I was completely blown away by not just how fast and efficient Mike and Mike were, but also by how friendly and professional they were in the process.  All costs were communicated upfront with no hidden fees.  They ended up actually executing the move an hour less than what was assessed in my quote (with one less mover recommended).  I saved an hour's worth of moving costs, but I gave that in tip anyways because I was so impressed with their service.  Just In Time movers will ALWAYS have my business for any moving needs from now on and I am DEFINITELY recommending them to all my friends, family and co-workers.
5	I recently employed the guys from Just In Time moving to move me from one apartment to another.  These were the most awesome fellows you could possible meet!  The were friendly, extra extra careful with my belongings and got right down to doing their job.  It felt like they were family!  So many thanks to Andy and his crew.  If only all businesses were run like this - we'd all be a lot better off!!!!!
1	Not impressed. I have no idea how they have great reviews. I have filled out the online quote request three times over the last few days but the company never responded. Guess ill be going with other movers.
5	These guys really are terrific.  We've used them twice to move my daughter from one Tempe apartment to another  and been very pleased both times.  They're prompt, honest, efficient, and very careful with your belongings.  As others have stated, they charge $99/hr for two guys as well as a $99 trip fee - very fair, and money well spent when you're moving in the middle of the summer!  We had Daniel and Scott - great guys who were a pleasure to work with.   I would highly recommend this company to anyone needing a mover - they deserve their great ratings!
5	Best movers ever. Very careful with antiques and very trustworthy. I would use them every time.
5	I just finished moving a very short distance, but needed help moving "the big stuff" since I don't have any access to the truck.  After reading their site and the details, I decided to use Just-In Time moving rather than renting a UHaul and doing it myself, and I'm exceedingly happy I did. Just-In Time's movers were very professional, friendly, and efficient. They worked hard from the moment they arrived to the moment they left, treated everything with great care, and the prices are very reasonable in comparison to all of the other moving companies I compared them too. I have moved a lot, and I can honestly say that Just-In Time provided one of the easiest moving experiences I've ever experienced. I would HIGHLY recommend them to anyone.
5	Amazing people!
5	Had an outstanding crew of 4 move our house this weekend. They arrived 10min early where very professional and worked non stop. It took close to 9 hours to move the whole house (using one truck and taking 2 trips). During the whole time the crew stayed friendly and professional.
5	Justin, Andy, and crew (Kevin, Brandon, Larry, and Robert) restored our faith in the moving industry. Our possessions had to be moved into storage for two weeks while we were in between houses. Our first move, unfortunately, was extremely disappointing--workers were very slow (and we were paying by the hour) and stacked the storage facility very sloppily. The storage unit manager watched the very long and frustrating process and recommended Just-In Time for the second half of our move. When I called, I was very frank with Andy and Justin about our past concerns and "cold feet" based on the experience with the first moving company. They both calmed my fears and guaranteed a much more efficient move--and their crew definitely delivered! The two moving vans pulled into the storage facility on time (6 am) with four strong, efficient, polite men who were ready to work. They shrink wrapped furniture pieces (which didn't happen with the other company), pointed out any possible damage for us to document (fortunately, although sloppy, the first moving company did not cause any serious damage!), and packed the trucks quickly and expertly. They were extremely polite (called me "ma'am"), listened to instructions about where to place furniture, and even joked around with us (you need to joke when it's 108 outside!). You could tell there was solidarity among K, B, L, & R--they worked as a team. They loaded and unloaded our two trucks in just over 6 hours! The bill of lading listed the agreed upon trip fee and cost p/hour--no extra fees or gimmicky pricing. Needless to say, we offered a well-deserved tip and a lot of sincere praise. They all shook our hands before they drove away, and we sensed that Kevin, Brandon, Larry, and Robert truly cared about us and our belongings. Just to note: We moved from a 4,000-square-foot home, to three storage units, to a 5,000-square-foot home. Just-In Time handled the second half of our "executive" move with professionalism yet with a personalized touch. I would not hesitate recommending them to anyone, especially extremely particular people (such as myself).
5	These guys ROCK! Not only did they show up promptly, they were super professional and fun to work with.  They got my stuff out of my house at a quick pace.  I wouldn't use anyone else out there but these guys moving forward.
5	Seriously, I couldn't have been more impressed with my "Just-In Time" experience.  They were on-time, worked their tails off to move my 2-BR apartment into my new house as quickly as possible.  The two-man crew they sent were polite, respectful and treated my stuff as good as my friends would... probably better!They even wrapped up my 50+ inch television in blankets and safely moved it to the new place!  I thought I was gonna have to put it back into the box...When they got to the house, they asked me exactly where I wanted everything to go.This was money well spent.  I can't recommend these guys enough.  I even tipped the boys $25.00 each.  I only wish I could remember the names of the guys...
5	Oh my gosh I had Just In Time move our office today and they did amazing!!!  I normally don't give out 5 stars and I have NEVER had a great experience with a mover EVER but these guys are different. Jeff and his crew did an amazing job today, all four of them worked so hard, never took a break and hustled their butts off. These guys are the Rock Stars of movers. Don't hesitate to give these guys your next moving job, their prices are fair and they take care of your things and work fast! I will refer them hands down to anybody who wants to move anything. Great job guys!
5	I have moved a lot over the past 3 years and have yet to find the perfect balance between careful and efficient when it comes to movers.  That was until I found Just in time. My family and I relocated back to Arizona after 3 years in California. Our house wasn't ready yet so we unloaded all of our things into storage. The storage company recommended Just-in time and for $129 an hour plus trip the 1 hour trip charge I signed up. After having movers pack and load us in California I had to say I was very scared about yet another moving company. I explained my concerns on the phone and was assured everything would be great with them. Moving day came schedule was for the guys to meet my husband at the storage place at 7am. They were on time and even called me when they were on their way. They had our 10x20 unit loaded in just over 1.5 hours. Before we stopped at our house we had to pick up a bed that a friend was giving. Not a problem at all for the guys they were in and out in a flash (my friend even asked for their business card). When we arrived at our house I gave the guys a quick tour of where things were going and they went right to work. The company in California didn't label any boxes which made unloading a nightmare. The guys were fantastic thought they cut open boxes and if it wasn't obvious what room it went to they asked. I had to leave for an appointment and left my husband to finish up. I was amazed when he texted me shortly after to say they were done. They had finished in just under 4 hours. I was shocked it had taken the other company over 6 hours just to load us in Cali. The team was so friendly and nice. They all spoke great english which was a huge help. They even let my husband use their tools to hook up washer and dryer since the other movers had packed our tools. We moved into a brand new house and there wasnt a scratch on the wall when they left. The care they took with our items was amazing. They were fast and very efficient. I will definitely use them for our next move and recommend them to anyone and everyone I know. Thank you Just-In Time for restoring my faith in moving companies.
5	I have moved 12 times in the last 7 years, and this was my first time hiring a moving company. Let me just say, I will never not hire a moving company again, and will always hire Just In Time Moving. I had 2 guys moving my one bedroom apt across town to another apt. They had everything packed, moved, and unloaded in exactly 2 hours!! I couldn't believe it! These guys (Alex and Robert) were LITERALLY running back and forth to the truck, and though I didn't expect them to do that, I appreciated it because it showed me they were really taking my time into consideration. *There was one item that was pretty severely scratched from the move, but it was from Ikea and wasn't meant to be manhandled, so I wasn't too offended about it. Everything else made it in unscathed so I'm still comfortable giving 5 stars. I recommend you call these guys!
5	We have moved across cities and states throughout the years and have used all kinds of moving services. Just In Time Moving is the best of the best! Like the name they were actually on time and got things packed and moved very quickly. All the guys were so friendly and worked very efficiently. We will definitely recommend them to others and will use them again next time we move again.
5	This company restored my faith in movers. I didn't have a ton of things to move,  but still needed help especially wIth the heavy items. The guys showed up on time and worked quickly.  They were very friendly and thorough in their work.  The price was exactly what was agreed upon.  I hate moving,  but they made it painless. I wouldn't hesitate to use them again!
5	Just In Time Moving did an amazing job in moving my household goods. tThe crew was professional very helpful and worked tirelessly to complete my move in the estimated time. I have moved over 11 times and have used all of the national companies, like Atlas, United, etc. Just In Time did the best overall job by a long shot. I would use them in the future and highly recommend their services. Frank C
4	Where do I start? Let's start off with Andy over the phone, he was professional a breeze to talk to and exemplifies great customer service. I like a company that follows through for my business. So my move was schedule for an early Tuesday morning this week, Brian, Gilberto and Mike.M showed, showed up 2 hours late... (just kidding) the guys were right on time. Each guy introduced himself and with a handshake. I went over what I needed with them and they were nothing but positive and affirmative. The boys got busy, never a time did I see someone whining or even act as though they disliked their job (just a pet peeve of mine). I had to get the guys some food since they were nonstop, needless to say, they keep'd moving, and knocked it out. Would I recommend them? I don't know about the others but I would recommend these three.... Thanks gang. Oh! and I did not see any scratches or dents on my furniture.
1	I need some moving help to move a few big piece of furniture (2 bed room set and 2 sets of sofa) across the street. It just need to cross one traffic light to my new place. I already moved all boxes already. May be two minute drive to the new place.  So i called just in time since they have so much positive rating on yelp. I talked to the owner justin and explain to him what i need. Since i m only two miles from him and i only need to drive two block to the new place. He offer me half off on the trip charge. So i repeated. Is that mean $99 labour hr + $ 50trip charge. So my mininum charge will be $150. He said yes and no hidden fees.  He said he only had one booking on that date and ask me to rsvp now. So i told him i need to talk with my family then call you bk next day.  After calling several mover, we picked just in time. So i call them bk next day. Then a guy name Andy picked up the phone, i told him i had conversation with justin yesterday and want to get rsvp and the half off on trip discount.  He was very rude on the phone and told me justin never said anything like that. Then he asked me on hold for five min then come bk and said u just have to pay full price bc he is pretty much book on that day?(i was like i called 430 on the day before u cant fill all of slot in one day beside thats what the owner quote me a few business hrs ago.) i said i dun make the discount up. So i told andy my name and phone and ask justin to give me a call.  Then of cos no one call. I dun do business with ppl had zero customer services skill. Dishonest, short term memory lost and cant follow their word. Stay away from them!
5	These guys are top-notch pros.  We just had our home painted (interior), and after the move, not one scratch on a wall.  They work hard and quickly.  Reasonably priced, I will use again & recommend to people in NE Scottsdale!
5	Best movers ever. Robert and Rick were super fast, but also careful with our stuff. Literally ran up and down the stairs to get more items. No hidden costs/fees. Use these people!
5	I found them on Yelp, and the ratings and reviews really speak for themselves. Just moved this morning with Just-In Time and have to say it was a pleasure from start to finish.My first phone call with Andy in the office put me at ease. He was incredibly helpful and spot-on in helping me estimate the number of men and amount of time our move would take. I also appreciated the confirmation call yesterday letting me know who to expect.Today, we had Bobby, Jesus, and Joe for our move. I couldn't have asked for a better team. They were friendly and fun, but most of all fast and conscientious. These guys did a great job with moving truck Tetris to help make sure we could do the move in one trip. They took great care with our stuff, and in our homes, all the while keeping it light hearted and fun in what could easily have been a stressful time. (Moving around the holidays? I'm full of bright ideas!)All in all, I would recommend Just-In Tine in a heartbeat. If I ever find myself moving again (holidays or not), I'll be calling them for sure.
5	They were awesome and super quick!!
5	Used these guys again for my second move in a year.  My mother also used them for her move in the summertime.  Every time we use them we get great service and friendly yet respectful and professional movers.  I requested Kevin and Karl, only to find that Karl went into the family business with his brother (later to find out I use their business as well, Paradise Carpet Cleaners).  Kevin was the crew lead for my 2nd move and it was so nice to have him there.  The other two movers I had were great as well.  I'm sorry I don't remember their names.  Justin, you run a great business.  The cost was reasonable and the entire experience was much less stressful than it could have been because your guys handled it so well.  Again.  Thanks guys!
5	I found this company through a Yelp Deal and have used them to move twice! For the past few years I've switched from moving myself with Uhaul to using movers. This was the second company I've used and I will never use another company again! Each time (2011 and 2013) I used the company they were simply AMAZING! They arrived early to start the move at the requested time. They did a throughout run through and asked me lots of questions about how I wanted the move to go. The first time I was a bit unorganized and they even helped me pack things neatly and carefully. Once things were packed they moved everything so quickly, each time they were done with my entire 1 bedroom apartment in a hour or less. The second time I moved with them the apartment management made us wait cause the move in process was horrible!! (check out my review for Presidio at South Mountain in a few months) But the staff at Just In Time remained friendly, patient and professional. I would and do recommend them anytime needs someone is looking for movers! I can't wait to use them again!!!
5	Don't even bother shopping around looking for moving companies. These guys are it!!!! I was very leery to hire a moving company because I've had my fair share of bad experience and getting ripped off. Our crew, Omar, Dan, and Vince were right on time, friendly as can be, careful, quick, helpful and very courteous. COULD NOT ask for a better moving experience and I would recommend these guys to ANYONE I know that's moving and will never use another moving company. Thanks again for the wonderful experience!!!! You guys rock!!!
5	I have moved a few times over the last couple of years & it was usually a nightmare.  Typical moving companies show up late , damage your items,  and end up taking longer than they quoted you. Last month I decided to use just in time & was absolutely impressed!  They were 10 minutes early, never stopped working fast & efficiently,  and were super nice and easy to talk to. I will always use them for my moving needs and definitely recommend them.
5	It has been a month since our move and I just realized I never took the time to right a few words about Just-in Time Moving.  The team did a great job from start to finish.  The price quoted on the phone was the price paid.  They are a bit pricier than some, but well worth the few extra dollars.The team of three did a great job taking care of us and our stuff.  They worked hard and got the job done as quickly and efficiently as possible.Thank you for a job well done, and Highly Recommended!
5	What can I say?  Just-in Time moving is truly all that, and more!  When my wife and I were ready to move we, of course, went to Yelp! to read the reviews and try to make an informed decision.  We narrowed it down to two highly recommended moving companies and then began to make the requisite calls and ask the questions.  From this point, Just-in Time took over and became the clear choice.  We spoke to Andy and he was so helpful, friendly, knowledgeable and all around personable.  A truly fantastic experience with absolutely no pressure to sign up now.  He set up an appointment for Bobby to come by to get a realistic quote of expected moving costs.Bobby is GREAT, he came out did a walk thru and then asked what we needed; packers, supplies and so on.  He gave us a quote of by hour charges and how many men and trucks we would need in order to best serve our specific needs.  We then got an overall estimate the next day.  Again, it was by hour, trucks and men.  We set up packers as a fail safe but ended up not needing them as we actually finished the packing ourselves.  It was no trouble or concern to cancel the packers, just a call to Andy and all set.Moving day came and they arrived with 5 guys and two trucks... 20 minutes early.  I can honestly say that I have never seen a moving crew work so fast and efficiently!  They were all elbow's and a@$@;holes... All the time taking extreme care with our possessions.  You could tell that this crew had worked together for some time and they had ZERO wasted motion.  They had loaded our quite substantial home into the two trucks in just over 3 hours... When they had estimated an 8 hour move I had told my wife, no way... It would be at least 10 hours.We drove to the new house and shortly thereafter Bobby and his crew arrived.  They made it a point to tell us that they would move furniture as often as we needed it until the house was how we wanted it.  Again, they were super fast, very diligent with our possessions and very careful of walls, furniture and floors.  They moved everything in but our great room just did not work out quite the way we had envisioned it... One of the younger movers made a suggestion and without request he and another guy had rearranged it to see what we thought - Perfect!!!!They finished the move in just under 8 hours and BEST OF ALL,  there were NO SURPRISES in the bill!  All too often, moving companies find a way to exact their extra fees and add-ons.  The final bill was literally about $40 LESS than the quote!  That just DOS NOT happen.We were VERY PLEASED with Just-in Time Moving in all aspects of the job.A little side bar of interest... We ended up needing to get rid of a couple of pieces of furniture following the move.  We sold a leather love seat to a young couple that had just moved as well... They were bragging about their movers and how great they were.  Yes, you guessed it... It was Bobby and his crew! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!
5	First long distance move and in need of someone to unpack our truck. The gentleman that provided the quote and reservation was very polite and professional.  I thought...that's a good thing, if it doesn't get any better than that then it's been pretty good, then the movers came. It's hard to describe how good they really were; polite, friendly, talkative, efficient, and fast. I will absolutely be using them for our next move and would highly recommend to anyone needing some good movers.
5	My company PTS Multimedia hired Just-in Time Moving and Delivery recently for a big office move. The staff at Just-In time were simply amazing. We highly recommend this company. The workers were on-time and moved quickly. All of our items were delivered in top condition with no damages. If you are seeking a moving company, look no further, these are your guys!
5	I have had some horrible movers in the past so I decided it was time to cough up a little more coin and stop hiring uhaul tweekers. I found these guys here on Yelp and read through the reviews. There were a lot of great ones so I decided to give them a shot. Here's how it went. - I sent over an online request for a quote on Saturday. Even though it was not during their listed business hours, they still gave me a call. I wasn't near the phone so we ended up playing a little phone tag. Since we didn't connect on Saturday, they promptly called me Monday morning to talk to me about my move. - We went over my needs and costs. We agreed on getting a 3 man crew. The price was $129/hr plus a $129 travel fee. No other hidden costs. All the dollies, moving blankets, and shrink wrap were included in the cost. I decided to go ahead and schedule for Saturday. - Friday they called to confirm, made sure they had all my info correct, and said they would see me bright and early the next morning. 7am!!- 6:45 Saturday morning. The truck rolls up, 3 guys get out and start prepping and ring the doorbell. They all introduce themselves and ask for a tour. We walk through and point out what's going and they start immediately. They came by to have me initial the actual start time and didn't start the clock until 7. They didn't charge for the walk through which was great!  - I sat back and did very little. I let the guys do their thing and tried to stay out of the way. They were careful with all my belongings and moved pretty quick. - After about 1 1/2 hours the truck was loaded. They confirmed the address and cross streets and off they went. - I beat them to the new house by about 5 minutes. They rolled up, gave them a quick walk through and off they went. - Unloading was a little slower due to having to move all my stuff into a basement. Nothing to complain about though. They were still very careful with everything. - overall it took 4 hours and 15 minutes including a 30 mile drive across town. I spent a little more than I wanted to but I feel it was worth it. I was very happy with the crew and their professionalism. I will be using Just-In Time for all my future moves!!
5	Just-in Time helped me with a recent move from Phoenix to northern Arizona. The two gentlemen, Alex and Chavez, were right on time, showed up at exactly 7:00am, as promised. They were very courteous and professional the entire time, took good care of my furniture and belongings and even helped pack a few more awkward-sized items into a bigger box they had. They wrapped all the drawers and furniture carefully. The entire move was done before lunchtime! At the end of the move, the bill came to less than what I had expected, even! Alex and Chavez were fantastic movers and I was very happy with the work they did. They made a big, stressful event much easier. Very happy with Just-In Time Moving.
5	Amazing service!  They arrived on time, loaded everything efficiently and saved me time and money.  Not a scratch.  I would recommend them to the pickiest homeowner.
5	I selected Just In Time moving company based on the reviews on Yelp...it paid off big time. Had a 3 man crew show up 15 min early and they started in after a quick walk thru. These guys hustle & do great work! They did more in 6 hrs than I could have in 6 days!! Very polite guys & they do a great job asking questions to make sure they get it done how you want it. Highly recommend this company!!
5	I had to arrange for movers from my location in California to pack up my belongings in Phoenix (which I had spread out at 3 different locations.  They advised me on what size truck to rent, what packing supplies to provide, and worked closely with my in-laws to get all the things I needed packed up.  They were very helpful over the phone and my in-laws said they were professional, quick, efficient, and most importantly, treated my items with care.  She said that Vincent and Jesus did an excellent job (and my mother-in-law has about 30 plus moves under her belt) and couldn't recommend them more highly.  I am thankful to have found such an excellent company to help with my move.
5	For the first time in my life I hired movers and I'm so glad I did. I had the greatest experience anyone could have had. We all want to save money but when it comes to my personal belongings I didn't wanna take the chance of things being stolen or scratched up just to save a few bucks. As it turns out the price was well worth it. My guys were so amazing and friendly. They hustled and never took breaks except for maybe a swig of water that I offered to them. If this is any consolation, I've never left a yelp review for anyone but felt I had to because my experience was so awesome. I will be recommending  you guys to everyone! Keep up the amazing work.
5	We were moving from Scottsdale to Santa Monica, CA and thought that the two of us and a friend could load up our house. Once we started looking around and realized the job was too big, it was the day before our move. I called and spoke with Sonya who was wonderful on the phone. She transferred me over to Andy who was just as good. They got me set up for the next day and Kevin and Austin came out to load our truck and move all of our big furniture. They took under two hours, constantly moving and were very respectful of our stuff and the emotional process we were going through leaving a house after 18 years. Even the movers that unloaded our truck complemented how well and carefully it was loaded. I would highly recommend them to all of my friends if they were going to make a move.
5	I hired this company on the recommendation of a good friend.  She remains a great friend because this company is AWESOME.  My team leader, Bobby, was a total rockstar (and he'll be on a reality moving show any day now - seriously, packing a 1100 pound gong).... and for good reason - they were early to pack my house, out in under two hours, on location and moving along until ... couch in elevator issues ... which became couch into condo issues ... and these guys persevered until they made it happen.  This is the company any mover should aspire to be.Professional. Courteous to a fault.  Fairly priced.  I'd hire them again in a heartbeat.
5	Just wanted to write a quick addition.  There wasn't a single broken item when we finally got everything unpacked.  They did an excellent job loading our truck for us, highly recommend this company, professional, courteous, and helpful.
5	The three-man team (which I recommend - you'll save money, it's lightning fast) arrived shortly into the time window, assessed the situation in seconds, and began work immediately. All three guys - Jeff, Kevin, and Bobby, were as helpful and friendly as could be, as well as extremely fast. My move was kind of complicated (in a stupid way), and they did absolutely everything in their power to make things easier on us, assuring my wife and I that they were pretty much willing to do whatever we needed. I can't recommend these guys enough!
5	Just in Time Moving is FANTASTIC! They showed up on time and hustled! They were done moving early and even helped me with other items that I had. They are cheaper than any other movers and the guys were super nice. I will use them again when I have to move. Awesome job! I highly recommend anyone use them over anyone else!
5	I was switching the apartment from one unit to the other in the same community complex, It's my first time using the movers and I'm kind of worried and not sure they will purposely prelong the time since I dont have too much staff and the distance is quite close. It turned out that I was over worried. They are very professional and very efficient! Alex and Andy are very nice and friendly, they arrived on time, they tried to grasp as much staff as they can each time they move to the truck which really impressed me. They sealed the drawer of my nightstand with the tape so that it wont drop off during moving. At the end, they finished the moving within 2 hrs. I'm very satisfied with their service and will definitely recommend them to my friend next time.
5	I used Just-In Time Moving over 2 years ago but after using another moving company (Camelback Moving), I felt the need to post a review.  It was night and day how much more efficient and professional Just-In Time Moving was. I wish i could have used them again but they weren't available for that day.  If I have to move again I will definitely make sure I use them.
5	I don't take the time to write a lot (honestly any) reviews on Yelp but I had to write one after the moving experience I had today.  I was the only one at our office for today's move and I had my 7 month old with me so I was completely busy taking care of her.  Just-in Time took care of absolutely everything!  I feel like I am a pretty experienced mover because I have moved quite a bit in my lifetime and this was, without a doubt, the best experience I have ever had.  They took wonderful care of the furniture, helped disassemble things I forgot about (bookshelves), helped pack and transport loose items that I hadn't been able to pack and even safely moved our pictures.  The date for this move had to be postponed a couple of times due to office complications and Just-In Time quickly rescheduled me without a problem.  I will happily use Just-in Time for any future moves and would and will recommend them to anyone needing movers!  Great company & employees!!!
5	All the reviews are totally right on, this company and the people that work for it are awesome! They are professional, affordable, and fast!
5	I just moved from the W6 building in DT Tempe to south Chandler at Dobson and Germann.  These guys were lighting fast thus saving me a lot of money.  They are also super strong.  One of them single handedly carried my love seat up three flights of stairs, all in the blazing heat.  They are very professional and provide top notch service.  I highly, highly recommend.
5	We used just time to move our entire house from a storage unit to our new home.  They arrived on time and introduced themselves.  They were all friendly and very polite.  They loaded and unloaded the truck quick and efficiently.   They were careful with our things as well.  When I called to set it up I was told it should take about 4-5 hours and he was right on with the time frame.  Great guys and great company that we would use again and definitely recommend to others!
5	I called Just-In Time Moving and felt so comfortable with their professionalism. They called to inform me that they were on their way and were even early! Both Robert and Derrick were friendly and worked so quickly. They were very cautious with my furniture and took extreme measures to ensure I was satisfied when my moving experience. I would definitely recommend them!  Thank you Just-in Time Moving!!
5	Just realized it has been awhile since we had Just-in Time movers out to move us (mid October 2013) and we never reviewed them yet. There isn't much worse in life than moving...I always dread it so much. But Justin got back to us with a quote so fast I couldn't believe it, and the team came out and did such a beautiful job handling our belongings that I wish we had used them during past moves. First of all, they were super polite and they truly paid attention to where I wanted things. (No surprises and having to move heavy items after they were gone like with other movers). They were almost too fast...I could barely keep up with telling them where to put things when they were unpacking our pod and multiple truckloads. Finally, at the end there was extra time so they followed us over to the previous house on their way back to town and helped us pack odds and ends into our own vehicles to take over ourselves. When I got the total I thought they made a mistake! Surely they would add on extra fees for B.S. things, but they were under the estimate!!! WOW!!! That has never happened, and we have moved a LOT! What is also telling about a moving company is damage. Of course they never tell you when they damage or scratch something and you don't find it until after the fact. We have been moved in for some time and nothing! Not a ding anywhere! Thank you Justin and your fabulous team...we are another happy customer. :)
5	They did a great job, they were fast and really friendly. They did not pressure me for a tip.  It's so hard to find a good company I'm glad I did, I will definitely use them again.
5	These guys are worth every penny. My move was scheduled for the day after the massive rainstorms that hit Phoenix, and moving day was hot and really humid- not the best working conditions (especially going from a 3rd floor to another 3rd floor apartment, lots of stairs!) but these guys were amazing. They were early, efficient, fast, friendly, professional, and personable.  I had picked these guys based on the reviews on Yelp and they showed why they have such high customer ratings- having Just In Time moving was the easiest part of my entire move. I would recommend them to anyone who needs to move- don't even think about getting quotes from anyone else!
5	Excellentt moving experience. Movers were extremely pleasant and courteous. Staffshowed expert abilities and followed our instructions to the letter. I would recommend this firm without hesitation. Thier office staff was great as well
5	Best Moving Co.& personnel anywhere period! If you use any other moving co. You will sell yourself short. I could go on and on about how everything they did was above and beyond what what was promised or expected. Great prices and even better service. The employees are the kindest and most professional and caring individuals. Best Moving Experience I've ever had. I've moved over 23 times during my life. Please Use them you won't regret it. You can thank me later you will be so pleased with your outcome.
5	Awesome.  The 2 guys unloaded the POD in record time.  One guy even ran every return trip to the storage container to load up again.  They were early and very polite.  They even set up the furniture and bed frame.
5	I wish I could give them 10 stars!!!I have absolutely nothing negative to say about Just in Time Moving.  From the first time I spoke with Andy in the office until my movers left when the job was done it was a very professional, efficient and painless move.They were scheduled to arrive between 10 am - 2 pm and they were at my apartment at 10:15 am.They introduced themselves to both my Dad and myself, came in to look to see what needed moved and went straight to work.  Zach and his counterpart (and please forgive me, I forgot the other young gentleman's name) were very professional and worked extremely hard and fast.  They had my two bedroom apartment, which was packed full, loaded in 45 min.   They were very careful with everything and before leaving to take everything to my new apartments asked me if it would be okay if they stopped and got a drink.They unloaded everything just as quickly as they loaded it and were extremely efficient and courteous, even when they moved a completely full chest freezer up 14 stairs by hand, they were still very pleasant and it took less than four hours for the whole move, including the drive time of about 30 min.I will never use anyone but Just in Time Moving from now on.  Thank you to the whole staff especially Zach and his partner.
5	My Movers Were Awesome.   They ran - literally Ran - back from trips to the truck, to make sure my move was completed extremely fast.  No dings, dents, or drops.  And super polite.   I mean, what more is there to be said?     Awesome.
4	All their reviews said they were 15 minutes early and they ended up being 1 hour and 40 minutes late, 2 hours for me waiting total, but did receive apologies and a discount! Also didn't ask about which room to deliver certain boxes. Besides that the were quick and professional. We would use them again.
3	Before I write why I only gave them 3 stars let me tell you that I have been in the customer service industry for over 10 years in different positions and I write reviews for EVERYTHING I use. I know my customer service. So lets begin, 1. They were 20 min. late. Fine I can deal with that.(never mind the insincere apology). 2. They never introduced themselves. 3. They were not any faster than if I had hired someone else. 4. After finishing the job I found them sitting on the job. Yes, I get that it was hard but nonetheless it as unacceptable. I will say that I did like that they called (twice) to confirm their arrival the next day. The workers were gentlemen. They did offer to help with putting things in order, but for their price and my experience, thanks, Ill do it myself. So in conclusion, no, I would not recommend them. Their service did not separate themselves from other less expensive movers. Not for me anyway.
5	Funny how time flies!  It has been a few months since I had to move (still living out of boxes actually) but I wanted to take the time to leave a review for the AWESOME moving company that I used.  Just-In Time Moving and Delivery had to be the best moving company I have ever used.  On time, quick, efficient and took amazing care of my stuff.  I was amazed too that the price they gave me over the phone was exactly the price I had to pay.  No extras and no surprises.  Love that!  I would highly recommend them to anyone.  Thanks for the great service!
5	Just-in Time Moving Company is just great!  I hired them based on the reviews from yelp and they more than exceeded my expectations.  They arrived early, had everything moved out quickly and on the other had everything in its right place before they left.  The guys they sent were terrific.   Thank you so much Just-In Time!  I will definitely use you in the future.
