5	Ladies and Gents. Boys and Girls. This review is #100!It's fitting for me to choose a Las Vegas institution for my 100th review. I paid a visit to this store last week when I decided to break my self-imposed sobriety two weeks sooner than expected. I didn't come here on purpose though.I was in search of a fantastic beer. Something craft. Something amazing. I went over to Total Wine (this review doesnt make me think any less of TW....) and I just didn't find what I was looking for (Stone Imperial Russian Stout 22oz). I crossed the street and went to Lee's.The moment I walked in, I knew I'd find something. The beer cooler is substantially larger than the one at Total Wine. In selection and size. I was shocked because TW is a massive store!This Lee's has a great selection of craft and imports. A good variety of Rogue's, Stone's, New Belgium"s, etc. I immediately found the Stone IRS and went on my way.Staff had a pretty good beer IQ. Didn't expect that from a "Discount Liquor" store. Had a fantastic experience here. Whenever I come back to visit Las Vegas (Moving to Scottsdale in a couple days), I will definitely pay a visit to this Lee's location. They've got lots of stuff!And as Ken M. said in his review, there is an emphasis on wine at this location. But the beer selection is quite good. Happy 100!
3	I get it- they are competing with Total Wine and felt the need to literally compete by building a spot in the same shopping center. It's neater and nicer looking that most Lee's I've been to. In general, I can find a few beers here that sometimes isn't carried or out of stock at Total Wine. I'll always browse various stores to round out the collection of beers. However, the recent visit is all about spirits. The prices were more than Total Wine. We were looking  to purchase bourbon and were comparing stock between various stores of a few brands on our shortlist. We decided on grabbing Blanton's and it was $51.99 here and at Total Wine for $42.99. Of course, we crossed the parking lot and bought it there instead. We were standing there for a while and comparing and debating. The store was empty aside from one other guy browsing and with at least 4 people not having a specific job, like the tasting booth or cashier, standing around I find it surprising that they didn't at least come on over to check on people. It wasn't until we were trying to leave did people try to ask us if they can help us with finding something. Maybe if they did approach us, we wouldn't have been on our phones looking at information and found that it's cheaper elsewhere. 5 items came up cheaper at Total Wine, 1 item came up same price. Beers I will definitely browse, but this probably is not the place we will be purchasing fine spirits to build up our collection.
5	Well I hate to admit it but my wife and I come to Lee's alot. So far it is the best place I have found to buy alcohol. Very good prices and always have deals on something. Some days when you go in they will have taste testing on thing you might never have had. If you are a wine drinker and champange drinker well they have a big selection too. Like I said my wife and I go here more than we would like to admit but hey good prices and cheap alcohol can't beat that, and also the customer service is really great will help you find anything.
2	I was looking forward to shopping here. I miss Bevmo since moving to Vegas and from what I'd seen on TV, Lee's was the closest thing.  The store, while a bit dark, was really neatly organized. I liked the low shelves, so it's easy to see across the store and find what you need.  I thought the shelves were well-faced and they had a huge selection of everything.  The pricing looked average.But what really turned me off was that upon entering around 5pm on a Friday, the store was empty save one other patron and a handful of employees, all of which were standing around the main aisle, kibbitzing and shooting the bull. We entered the store, walked through this gaggle of gabbers without so much as an acknowledgment.  In fact, a guy who walked in behind us (but was clearly not WITH us) was greeted, but I wasn't. In fact, one of the men made a point of looking over my head , PAST me, when I was right in front of him, to greet the guy behind me. No one else stopped talking or made any eye contact with us.This really pisses me off. This is my first experience with your business.  Heaven forbid I interrupt your employees' conversation!  Look, I don't like to be hassled when I shop, so I don't need you to have a Walmart greeter.  What I would have preferred is that one person standing there had looked me in the eye, said hello or offered to help me find what I needed.  If the they had been busy with customers, I absolutely would not be even discussing this, but they were standing around doing nothing.To make matters worse, we had to walk through them 3 more times, once to look for something else, once to go back where we came from and finally, once more to LEAVE when I realized I had no intention of giving them my business that day.
2	Have been to both lees and total wine just yards from each other in the same complex. Felt guilty for not going local so came back here. They have a decent selection... decent. Not as good as across the way. Prices are a tad higher. Regardless I keep using lees. Just bought some wine as a gift. Wines arent very well sorted, all are dusty. Suppose that should have been a sign. Grabbed the wine I needed and noticed it was leaking. Set it aside and grabbed a new one. Mentioned it to worker who then mentioned it to the manager type who looked at us and said ... "so?" Eh? Sort of a weird experience. Maybe it is time to just start going to total.
4	This is a very good liquor store.  It has a nice beer selection overall, a very good selection of spirits and mixers, some hard to find, and it is certainly worth a trip, especially since another great place, Total Wine, is in the same shopping centre.  However, Lee's selection is not outstanding and the workers are not very energetic or enthusiastic.  There are Lee's branches all over town, but I've only been to this one and another on Lake Mead, and only this one recently.
4	This Lee's usually has decent prices and selection when I drop by...They were out of Remy Martin VSOP for months, but I dropped in on a whim, and they actually had the limited edition bottles I have been searching for!They have a pretty knowledgeable staff that has been able to answer my questions when they arise.Too bad they have some stiff competition nearby!  But when Lee's has sales, they are usually cheaper...just not on the stuff for retail.
5	I really like Lee's and being so close to another big liquor store it has to be tough to compete but they do.  Although smaller and maybe not as "ritzy" I think the Lee's staff has the 'other guy' beat hands down on knowledge of staff and willingness to help.I've gone in looking for a specific wine and vintage and instead of just we don't have it the answer was "let's see if we can find it" and I had a very interesting conversation with the sales rep who made another recommendation that was great..... and this is pretty typical of every visit.  if they don't have it but it can be found, they will get it!
5	Great store located in Boca Park.  Clean, easy parking, and GM Scott and his staff are a pleasure to work with.  Fantastic selection of wine beer and spirits.  Will match and beat any competitor.  I myself prefer to support an independent business rather than a corporate chain like TW.  High end selection is kept tempurature controlled.  If you want great selection, pricing and customer service.  Go see Scott, Francois and the crew at this newer Lee's location.  I can't vouch for the other stores, but if you live in the Lakes/Summerlin/Northwest area go browse the selection and you'll leave satisfied.
5	Im not a heavy drinker but once in a while I stop by this lee's for a stock up. This time was because my company was creating a specialty fall drink for a gala and I needed to pick up a few bottles of Cinnamon Schnapps for the Apple Pie Martini, unfortunately they did not have the reg. Cinnamon Schnapps so I opted for the Hot and Spicy Cinnamon Schnapps. As I was checking out I asked the girl at the counter if we could return the schnapps if we found a the regular somewhere else, she said no return but exchange yes. The next week I came back to do the exchange (because we ended up finding the reg cinn schnapps somewhere else) and it was very easy and hassle-free. The girl remembered us and she got her manager and the exchange went very smoothly. This is a great lee's liquor location and the staff is always very helpful & knowledgeable. They made our day!
5	I love this place. They have all the liquor you need and the wine selection is amazing. Can't forget to mention how cheap everything is.
4	Yes, you can go to the other fancy pants liquor store that is in the same complex as this location, I choose to spend my money in a locally owned business.  Mr. Lee is a big supporter of local charities and schools. You can get yourself something extra special knowing some of it is going back to the community.The employees can be a bit lackluster in knowledge and customer service skills. Also their rewards program needs a major overhaul.
