5	This was such a good experienceI was up all night with a extremely severe painful tooth acheI don't have health insurance so I didn't think I could afford a dentistFriends and Family told me to look up a dental school and thats how I found A.T. StillI called and they said they accept five Emergency patients a day at 1:pmIt was 11am but I didn't care I drove straight there and I was the first patient seen at 1p.m.it cost $15 to be seen, $15 for the X-Rays, and turns out my wisdom tooth was infected and had a cavityso they sent me up to oral surgery, it cost me $85 to get the tooth extractedi was nervous and they talked me through it and calmed my fearsIt didn't hurt at all, I was numbed up and the student did a good jobthey gave me a three prescriptions to take with me and I have to return next week for follow - upthe follow up appointment is FREE!totally recommend this place to any and everyone!
5	So I was having a root canal surgery done at the ASDOH and a transformer fire happened that knocked out the whole area for a few hours or more. The rest of my root canal was performed with compressed-air driven drills and battery-powered flashlights. Note that the picture was taken before the power went out.Thanks goes out to the Hemophilia Association of Arizona and the Hemophilia Treatment Center at Phoenix Children's Hospital for putting together a dental program for Hemophiliacs in Arizona in need. The surgeon at the Arizona School of Dental & Oral Health was highly competent and knew exactly what he was doing, and said he had even done a root canal by flashlight before. I am very impressed with the skill and the patient care at this facility.this review is also on my blog at http://www.joshed.info/
1	THIS PLACE MAKES ME SICK! The worst customer service I have ever come in contact with. Saw me one time and decided that they could not do the surgery on my teeth and kicked me on the street. So, I paid them to take a look and my teeth and get no service out of it. I called back to see why I was unable to be treated and the young lady there could not give me an answer and everyone else was busy. She said somebody would call right back and no one every did. DO NOT BELIEVE THESE OTHER REVIEWS, I AM SURE THEY ARE STUDENTS THERE. HORRIBLE SERVICE AND BAD ATTITUDES IS ALL I GOT FROM THIS PLACE.
5	The student doctors are caring and compassionate and try to do their best.  They are also humble enough to ask for help when they need it from the faculty.NOTE: I'm biased because I'm a student dentist here.The faculty here is amazing.If you have lots of time and not as much money, this is a good option for you.  Upsides of being a patient here: you have multiple eyes looking so you know you're getting the best of care and it's less expensive than going to a private office.Downsides of being a patient here: appointments can take up to 3.5 hours long each time and there is a long process to things because it is a teaching clinic.
1	I totally agree with Marcus P. They ruined my teeth 4 years ago. Now I have to spend big bucks to get implants.
1	Went here today to try and fix a broken tooth.  I told them about my allergies before I came in and they told me on the phone they could accommodate me, so drove a long way to get here and then they would not even help me.  I had broke a tool and need it filed down and capped, but due to my allergies to nickel they told me they can not help or accommodate patients with special needs and for me to go elsewhere...Usually school wants cases with special needs to help teach their students but not this one, plus they were not exactly nice about it either, very very rude...
1	A couple of weeks ago I called 4 times and this person whom I talked to said he would direct my call to the school and every time I got a  recording saying "fill out the form or print out the form on line send $69.00 and we'll see if you qualify.". I thought qualify for what? All I wanted was to ask if they do implants, never got a live person.  I don't see how I can give that a review. The person I kept getting couldn't even answer my question!
5	I really recommend this dentist. I had a bad experience at my previous dentist where they tried to sell me all these things that I don't need. No push here. Dr. is very attentive, and knows what he is doing. I have a dentist phobia but I am definitely going back to this clinic.
