3	Went to this HD for the first time today.  I've always seen it from 485 driving by, but never really stopped since I usually go to the one in Matthews.This HD is unique since there are 2 entrances - one in the shopping center and then the regular "entrance" around the back.  It's kinda cool actually since the shopping center entrance make the big box store look like a regular store in a strip mall but then the actual store is hidden behind the other store fronts in the Promenade.Staff was friendly and helped me find what I was looking for today.
5	The customer service at this Depot is absolutely fantastic. I have shopped here since arriving in CLT over 4 years ago and they have consistently gone out of their way to make each experience a positive one. From returns to bringing in items from other stores and everything in between, this an extremely well run store. My highest compliments to the management and staff.
3	I must admit that I normally shop at Lowe's...but from time to time, I stop into this store if Lowe's is out of stock on an item I need.  I generally find the employees here to be friendly, but for me the layout and product placement in this store isn't intuitive. I often have trouble finding items & usually have to ask for help to find what I am shopping for.  The exception is plants & garden items... those are generally easy to find since they are in the outdoors section.
3	Initial problems with a bathroom vanity but they fixed it.
1	DO NOT DO A KITCHEN DESIGN PROJECT WITH THIS STORE!We are on week 9 of a kitchen renovation project (that we were told would take 2 weeks) and still do not know when our kitchen will be done.  My wife and I have had to be the general contractor calling everyone to keep things moving.  We've also had to be quality control identifying installation and product defects.  Home Depot required all monies up front (4 months ago) and has provided little or no oversight to ensure schedules and quality is maintained.
3	This is my primary HD so I've been there dozens of times. There is a Lowes across the street so I'm constantly comparing prices. The reason I go to one or the other depends on the product brand or variety of choices. Either store may have the brand name or variety that I seek. For instance, I tend to buy the lumber from Lowes because their selection has been better or the materials were more in line with what I needed. Regardless, This HD is clean, well kept and managed. The staff are helpful - a few have been there a long time and know there stuff.
1	This review is for the flooring department, only.We are looking to change out the carpeting in our entire house.  This is a big project and considering that we had our current house built new 10 years ago (carpeting was included) and we came from an apartment with carpeting in only a few rooms we are complete novices when it comes to carpeting.  We went to Home Depot knowing that they have a large selection of carpeting choices and they were offering a interest-free promotion that was interesting.  We also went there for, what we hoped would be, knowledgeable sales staff to assist us with the "process".  Well, we were right about the choices, but completely wrong about the knowledgeable sales staff.  The one girl working in this department was able to tell us what the ordering, measuring, and installation process is and she also seemed gleeful about warning us about the number of hidden charges, but her depth of knowledge shallowly ended there.  We asked her for advice and even admitted that we were completely unsure as to which carpets were best for our home, but she offered no guidance whatsoever. We wandered around aimlessly for about approx 30 minutes when a different sales associated noticed that we looked lost and offered to help...granted, he said that he knew NOTHING about carpeting, but at least he cared enough to help.Finally, we decided to leave.  We then turned to Yelp for reviews on local flooring specialist and ended up at locally-owned flooring store where they were extremely knowledgeable, very helpful, and has all-inclusive pricing that beats HD!
