4	I found this store when I had a yard sale and had left over baby clothes that did not sell. Its such a wonderful idea considering how fast kids of all ages grow out of clothes!! For the items that were wanting to be purchased, I was given the options of store credit, or cash. Typically they will give you more money if you opt for store credit, but the cash offer isnt bad either :)This place has lots of options at really reasonable prices, and the staff is always super friendly and thankful!! The only suggestion would be the amount of inventory is alot for the shelfs and walls, but there is always more than 5 customers in the store, so im sure they sell alot of the product as well!! :) I definitly recommend anyone to sell, and shop at this store :)
4	I didn't come here to shop, so I didn't get a chance to look through their items.  I came here to sell some of my daughter's old clothes.  I came in with 2 black bags of clothes and was told I could only bring in 1 bag and it had to be a white one.  Kind of weird and inconvenient since I didn't want to come back for a second time just to bring back the same bag.  Other than that, I can't really complain since they are buying my hand me downs.
5	They are one of the few places that has older kids clothing.  This weekend is where they do their fill a bag sale, 5 bucks a bag for all the clothing you can shove in.  We normally drop a bag off head to butterfly park and return to go shopping.  It can be a little backed up but the owners try to make the experience worth while.
1	Don't bother dropping of things for store credit as they will give you next to nothing and tell you 90% of your items aren't acceptable but they will take them as a donation. Give me a break, I'll donate my stuff to needy kids not a greedy store.
4	I went in today to buy my little man some "new" clothes that were more weather appropriate and was impressed by the amount of inventory they had. I follow them on Facebook and they seem to have sales going on regularly. Today they had 75% off green tagged items. I ended up walking out with 17 pieces of clothing for $35. A lot of them were gently used and new looking and were brands like Gap, Gymboree, Osh Kosh,  Carter's. Only recommendation I have is that they declutter a little bit. It's hard to maneuver around. I think of they got the straight clothes rack and made aisles it would be a lot better.
4	Very friendly staff, a lot of selections, TONS of infant clothing at a very very reasonable price. Always lots of sales. Recently it's just been reorganized so things are easier to find. Also, they carry older children's clothing, too.
