5	What a Fantastic Job! Pete was very knowledgable and was able to fix my very outdated garage door opener! He also helped with other jobs I faced after purchasing my new home! He worked hard, was pleasant and didn't even charge me gas for having to go to the store to pick up parts, for the additional extra jobs he performed ( as so many other businesses add this charge).  I will definitely use this service again, and highly recommend this business!! Thanks Pete for a job well done!!
5	Excellent service! Pete saved my night when i locked myself out of the house at 10:30 pm. He arrived in less than 30 minutes and promptly and professionally opened my door. I was pleasantly surprised at his very reasonable price and would recommend him to others. Thank you Pete!
5	Not that anyone likes to lock their keys in their car, but it's good to know when it happens, it can get taken care of quickly. I called 911 Safe Locksmith, and Pete was there within 10 minutes of me calling. (I happened to be in Summerlin) Really nice guy and has competitive rates.
5	Does a great job. it only took them 10 or 15 minutes to get to me in the pouring rain. I paid the agreed upon price, no upsell, I would use them again.
5	I found Pete because he has a 5 star rating on Yelp and he did an excellent job for me rekeying several locks.  Pete was personable, and professional.  He is a very hard working guy.  He completed my job at a reasonable price.  After he left, I remembered that I forgot to ask him to rekey a door for me.  He quickly returned and fixed it.In the past I have found that my previous locksmiths would attempt to unfairly overcharge for services.  My experience with Pete was the best I have ever had with any locksmith.  I will definitely be using him again!
5	Pete is awesome! He's very punctual and does a great job! He replaced all my locks at my new home with no problem at all and has the best price out there... Thanks Pete!
5	This guy, Pete, is fast, friendly, and the price was absolutely fair!  If you need an honest locksmith on the fly, then call my man!
5	I was here from San Francisco and could not get in.  He arrived in 20 minutes, was courteous and did not try to sell meRepairs I knew I did not need. I would recommend his services.
5	Thank you for your great & quick service.Pete answered my phone call at 8pm on Friday night and came over the following Saturday morning at 9am to re-key all the locks in my new condo. He was incredibly professional and friendly and took less than 30 minutes to re-key 4 locks in total! I have heard of other locksmiths in LV charging by the hour, or taking up to 2 hours for a similar job (just ask my downstairs neighbor)! But Pete was incredibly knowledgeable about the locks he was replacing and helped ensure our condo was super secure before he left.I would absolutely use 911 Safe Locksmith again, and would probably request Pete personally!J B.
5	Pete and Jay were amazing; they came super fast and opened my BMW X5 right away and without a problem or damage. AAA sent ABC Locksmith tech who had no idea what he was doing; glad I had someone who did because ABC wasted 3 hours of my time.
5	I had the locks replaced on my company doors this week.Pete was the technician. He was very knowledgeable and friendly, answered all of my questions and even coached me on how the locks would operate and what to do to make keys. The process was quick and painless for me. The pricing was also great. I would absolutely recommend using this company and if I ever need their service again I know who I'm calling. Thank you Pete!
5	VERY impressed.  I had called another company and made an appointment for them to come out the next day at 5:30 p.m. I called the next morning to not only confirm but to make sure they knew all the things I needed them to do for me.  Well at 5:30, no one showed up. At 5:45 I called no answer. I called 8 TIMES no answer, no reply to my txt msg either. I looked up another company here on yelp and noticed this company was just up the street and open 24 hrs and had a few good reviews. He was very nice on the phone, told me either he can goto lowes across the street to get the few simple items I was requesting or I could go myself and he would be there in less then an hour.  So I went across the street to Lowed, grabbed what I needed and went back to my store to wait for him to arrive. I was amazed that from the time I called til arrival was I think only 20-30 min MAX!  I was equally impressed that they showed up without me having to wait til the next day or several days to get my store re keyed and stuff.  I had him re key 2 doors, install 2 new door handles inside, and a few other misc items.  It did take awhile but that's only cause I gave him a lot to do and I hadn't eaten all day hahahaHis work was FANTASTIC, Timing was FANTASTIC, and he was VERY friendly. I ABSOLUTELY would recommend this company to anyone and would definitely call on him again if I need his services.  His price was also very fair. Thank you SO much. You definitely earned your 5 stars.
5	I have NEVER been so impressed w a locksmith! After locking our keys in the car we started calling local locksmiths. After talking to Pete it was clear our search was over. He quoted us a MORE than reasonable price and said he could be there in 30 minutes. . From past experience we figured this meant at LEAST an hour. Not so. He arrived in TWENTY minutes and within FIVE had the van unlocked. Classy, professional guy who does his job very well. HIGHLY recommended!!!
5	After a recent breakin at a family members home, I needed to find a locksmith and also a handyman who could repair the damage done to the locks and frame work of the front door.  And I also had to find this person ASAP (same day!)  I went on YELP and found 911 Safe Locksmith and to our dellight Pete showed up at our front door around 6PM.  He was kind and sympathetic but most importantly a great locksmith and handyman.   Really an "jack of all trades" to help us during this time of need.  I would absolutely call 911 Safe Locksmith and Pete again if needed and I would highly reccomend.  Very skilled and a great tradesman.  Hard to find someone trustworthy and skilled at the same time, but we found it in Pete.   Although I would not necessary say he was inexpensive, let me say he was worth every single cent!
5	Needed to rekey my office after an employee was let go. Looked on Yelp and these guys were close to my office. Owen arrived within an hour (and he called ahead) and did a great job. Price charged was the price quoted with no hidden extras. I am not a fan of the lock I have and inquired about replacing it. Instead Owen fixed the existing one and shaved the metal door to make it work better. Job was quick, professional and done right the first time. I would not hesitate to use this company again.
5	I was looking for a locksmith as I had to re-key two doors.  I looked on Yelp and saw that 911 safe locksmith had great reviews so I decided to call them.  Owen came to my house and re-keyed my two doors so quickly.  He was very professional and friendly,  definitely call them as their service is great.
5	I locked my car keys inside my BM. Steve was great. Fast. Honest and the price was Ok. The first locksmith from different company couldn't open my car. So I find 911 safe locks and def' will use them again.
5	I just used this company again few days ago. I locked myself outside my car. Peter was really fast with his job. No damage to my car. Price was Ok. Peter was quick to arrive and open my car. I recommend 911 safe locksmith. Thank you Pete.
5	Prompt and professional service.  Affordable and quick appointments available.
5	I have locked myself out of my car three times before and the first time I used AAA, the second time, I didn't have AAA  so I searched on Yelp to look up a locksmith with good reviews because I find yelp to be pretty reliable. Well it was pretty late at night and I called 911 locksmith because not only did they have good reviews, but their office was super nearby. Now, my mom had my birthday cake in the car so obviously it was urgent to get the car open. Someone from 911 Locksmith got to my house in about 10 minutes and got the door open in about 3. Great service, fast, I was very happy. Fast forward to today: I went to Target and didn't realize I had locked myself out of my car until I tried to head back home. UGH! Super frustrating! I remembered 911 locksmith because I had luckily saved the number in my contacts and in no more than 15 minutes someone had arrived and was working on getting my door open. I made small talk with the nice gentleman trying to open my car and wouldn't you know he was the same guy that helped me the first time and he even recognized me from that one  time almost 7 months ago!! Pete was very nice, came to my rescue right away and even told me to say hello to my mom and dad for him haha. Thanks Pete!!
5	Pete is an awesome locksmith! Fast, friendly, super helpful. Within just a few hours of calling, he arrived at our new home. He re-keyed two doors and our mailbox, made extra keys and reset our garage door keypad and openers. In no time at all he had us all locked up, safe and sound. I would definitely call on him again.
5	I just moved in to a new home and needed all of the locks re-keyed.  Pete gave me a quote over the phone, was very up front about all the costs, and had them all changed that same day.  Great service!  I would use him again without question!
5	Awesome customer serviceQuick and really nice person. Is name was Pete. He rekey some lock. Install new lock. Install my c.c.t.v security. This guy is awesome. Will defiantly use him again. 911 safe locksmith the best locksmith and security solution in town.
5	Found 911 Locksmith using the Yelp app after locking my keys in my car at the gas station a few weeks ago. Pete arrived relatively quickly (was helping another customer nearby) and unlocked my car without a scratch. Have to say I was a bit nervous, as a coworker recently did the same thing and had AAA come unlock her car and the guy they sent really did a number on her door. Price was reasonable and Pete was super friendly. If I need I locksmith again, I'll be calling "911."
5	Contacted 911 Safe Locksmith because of their 5-star ratings and I was not let down.  Spoke with Pete in the morning and he fit me in his busy schedule.  He rekeyed my condo rental and was very quick & thorough with his work.  I will definitely use their services again.
5	We used 911 Safe Locksmith to rekeying our home. Peter was very nice and knowledgable. I called one afternoon and he was out the next morning! The price was very reasonable. I would definitely recommend!!
5	Very fast and reasonable pricing.
1	Just called about a transponder car key and was told he's not making car keys. I had high hopes because of all the rave reviews plus I double checked they did transponder car keys on their website. Very discouraged.
5	Amazing help!!. We didn't even call him, he saw us struggling, turned around and did his work fast.Great person, knows what he's doing.He Unlocked my friends car when we got stuck in a dark parking lot for an hour trying to open it ourselves. Highly Recommended !!!
1	I am in agreement with Charles and Kelly. This guy is full of himself and extremely rude on the phone. Better to not answer the phone at all then to act soooo unprofessional. Look elsewhere. This guy is clearly going downhill as his most recent reviews are all negative
5	Pete is incredibly helpful. My front door could easily be pushed open... he changed the lock for me so quickly! Not only was he fast and efficient, he came at 8pm.He has flexible times and is easy to contact. The best way is to text the number and send him a picture with the problem. He'll text you back an estimate as well.Bonus: he's pretty funny!
5	Great job, prompt, fairly priced.
