2	It was time for our comforter (Queen 1200 thread count Egyptian Cotton) to be cleaned, we've had it done once before at Owen's which is no longer in business.CC is close and convenient so I decided to try there. I walked in and the clerk just looked at me until I said "Hello, I'm here to drop off my comforter" as I plopped the bag onto the counter. Again, I was met with a stare and awkward silence until he informed me I had to take it out of the bag, so I did and he inspected it then held up the corner were the tag used to be and shot me a look of annoyance. I told him what it was then another person came out of the back and asked me what the filling was I said I wasn't exactly sure. The woman asked if it was down, I told her no it was not, that much I did know. She also inspected it and told me it could not be dry cleaned, to take it home and wash it. I informed her it had been done before and after I said it won't fit in my washer, she told me take it to a commercial cleaner. She explained all the stuffing would go to the corners and there would be nothing in the middle so I had to get a ball to put in the dryer then sent me on my way.I took my business elsewhere and they did a wonderful job. So yes, it could be done.
5	Our male cat had one of his "accidents" on my brother's navy blue comforter, and we had to get it cleaned immediately.  I read the review by October R. and called them Wednesday morning at 7am.  They asked if it was a King-sized comforter, and I said, No, Full-size, so they said bring it down.  The lady said I could pick it up Friday, but I asked if they had RUSH service since it's been cool at night lately.  She said I could pick it up that day before they closed at 6pm, and when I asked how much more that would be, she said, No extra charge.  I picked it up Wednesday afternoon and it was like new.  I was very pleased with the results and the service and having solved the problem in just a few hours.  Apparently their equipment can't handle King-sized comforters, I don't know what the problem was with the Queen-sized.
2	Brought several sweaters and a jacket to them to get dry cleaned and I was very disappointed in the job.  I was actually unsure whether they had actually dry cleaned anything and had to take all the clothes to another place.
