4	Love it! The shrimp burritos are the best I've ever had. Also, the chicken tortilla soup is to die for. Pentiful baskets of thin/crispy chips and good but, not to hot, salsa are on your table immediately. (you can ask for hotter if you need to)Outdoor tables-however are in a parking lot area.Heard the atmosphere is better at the other Salsa's location on Carmel Road but, haven't made it there yet.
3	I looked at the menu and I instantly felt that this was the most overpriced Mexican restaurant around Charlotte.  Nine dollars for a quesadilla!  That is pretty outrageous.  I ordered the fried shrimp, and when it came out I was pretty impressed.  I loved the presentation of the food; all of the shrimp were nicely arranged around the plate. There was sliced avocado in the middle, with lettuce and other sliced veggies to clear the palate after each bite of shrimp dipped into melted butter.  I thought the food was actually worth the price in hindsight.  I hate to say it, but I did not enjoy the service as much as I did the food.  Our waitress asked if I was finished with my plate, when I obviously had a lot of shrimp left to eat.  This actually happened repeatedly.  I just am not a fan of getting rushed out of a restaurant.  The food was great, but the service could use a little more love.
4	We've been to Salsa's already twice now in the past couple of weeks.  Why?  It's been convenient, we had coupons, and we were in the mood for Mexican.  The interior of Salsa's is average, but it's just good enough to let you know that you're in a Mexican restaurant and not a diner or strip mall restaurant.  To start, they bring you the traditional chips and salsa.  The salsa has a little bit of a kick to it and you can see the fresh cilantro in the tomato puree.  YUM.  Our first visit in the past couple of weeks, I ordered the Burrito California with pork (to be different, since I always order chicken).  The mezquite grilled pork was/is phenomenal.  It was so flavorful and chunky.  It was so good in fact, that I didn't even consider anything else during our 2nd visit in two weeks.  I ordered it again.  The burrito is also topped off with a green tomatillo sauce, which I love, too.  If you didn't have a coupon, I can see where the pricing might be a bit higher than other local Mexican restaurants, but what Salsa's does right is provide a high-quality, delicious, satisfying meal.
3	On your way in, you'll get a little nervous - is this really a happy hour margarita bar masquerading as a Mexican 'rant?You'll check the menu. Phew. Between the Taco Salad and the Fajitas, even a cheesesteak sammich, you'll see some promising options - Sopa de Pollo, Chile Relleno, some Tamale options, tacos a la carte. K.For veggies, there's a decently sized sections of basics - burritos a few ways, enchiladas, chimichangas. They were cool with me wanting something else, and seemed chill about substitutions of any kind, really. So I end up with a plate of enchiladas - two spinach/shroom in green, two cheese in red sauce. Flavors were fresh, sharp, tasty. Beans had a zing and weren't super heavy. Rice, very fresh.Only issue - asked for fresh 'penos and got huge chunks stuffed into wherever they'd fit. So, one bite would be nothing but pepper, next, nada. Learn to mince, daaaahlings!Margaritas weren't bad. Food would be the bigger draw for moi.
4	this is the best "Mexican" restaurant in Charlotte, hands down...
5	OMG! they have some good fried ice cream. Great service and great steak fajitas.
3	This place is your run of the mill Mexican resturaunt, with great prices and inconsistent service. I have dined at both Salsa's location in Charlotte, with this location being the lesser of the two.Lows-Service- had a fajita order butchered (how is that even possible?) with pretty bad customer service from the manager. Last visit was plesant albeit nothing to write home about. No real ambiance here either. But who goes to a spot like this for that anyway.Highs- Food. Pretty good and comes out pretty quick. Their combos are really good if you love to sample a variety of things at once. Fried ice cream here is delish.Prices. Most things under 8 bucks and deserts are all under 3....score!Overall....if your looking for a step above taco bell with cheap margs and low food prices...go here. You may get the worst service but the food is pretty good.
3	This is some pretty decent Mexican food. I used to work over in Matthews so this was one of my normal mexi spots for lunch. After returning here last week for the first time in a few years I remembered why I used to come here all the time. Its tucked away in the back of a nightmare parking lot/center on Sardis N. Thats the bad, its only gets better from here. Last time I was there I got the "Fiesta Enchiladas" 4 different ones with mole. The mole was good, I would have liked a little more kick, but thats just me. Everything came out hot and fresh. Service is always attentive without being up your butt. I'm not on this side of town often, but would gladly return when I am in the area!
1	CLOSED DOWNI just love circling around a shopping on a Friday night looking for a place that no longer exists...... not!
