4	Tickets are expensive, but you are going to the nicest movie theatre in town.The Rave Motion Picture Theatre is the centerpiece for the newly opened Town Square Las Vegas.  It has 18 screens.  On the night I went I saw American Gangster, which I highly recommend.  The price for my ticket was something like 10 bucks.  That's gotta be a personal record.  Once you get into your theatre, you realize why the ticket is so costly.  The seats are incredible.  The most comfortable I've enjoyed at the movies.  Also, more leg room than you'll find anywhere else.  It's not a huge hassle when you or someone else in the middle tries to get in/out.  The sound is great.  A nice change of pace was no endless stream of commercials for coke, et al before you even get to the previews.  Of course the concessions, like anywhere else, is insanely overpriced, so try to sneak in your own bottle of water.  An arcade to pass the time if you get there early would be a good addition.
4	I agree with Bennett, pricey but, you get what you pay for.  Not to mention your in Town Square, you can tell it's expensive just by the look of the place,  Very comfy seats, you feet wont stick to the floor & the employees are really nice. So I will be going agin for sure....
3	Took the kids to see Hannah Montana in 3D. Theater was great especially the orange restrooms. Tickets are expensive everywhere,and the cost of everything is going up. So get use to it or wait till they come out on video or cable.
4	Tickets are only like 50 cents higher than the other places, but that doesn't mean it's not a lot.   The place is big, and the seating is comfortable with stadium seating and room for your legs between each row.  They also recline back which should always be a standard now.  DLP screens are nice and clear.  The place is usually clean so far.  It's convenient to buy tickets from the machines.  It's also in TownSquare if you ever want to look around while waiting for a movie.
4	This review is for the theater going experience and not the movie (which was 'Wanted'). We spent a day running errands so grabbing a drink before the movies was high on the list. We found this place by seeing it driving on the 15 and decided to check it out. It was in a pretty good location being away from the strip (no crowds) but not too far from a casino (South Point...cheap(er) gambling). I despise the movie theater lines so I always look for the kiosks. Someone must've thought it through cuz the theater entrance is on the 2nd flr and there actually were kiosks before going up the stairs (which I thought was awesome...at least 1 or 2 stars for that) right across from a Yard House (where we got our drinks..another +1 star). Entering the theater was a breeze with quick attendant, quick friendly service getting a small popcorn, and good plush reclining modern seats (not the old rickety sorry excuse for seats in other well established movie houses).  The sound was ok but I'm not a good judge of that since I claim to be partially deaf.  The one thing I did notice was the lack of trash bins near the doors encouraging ppl to take out their trash after the movie so a lot of ppl left their trash which is just sad. Either ppl should learn to pick up after themselves or establishments should encourage ppl to be responsible...but I digress. Otherwise, this was an enjoyable place and a good end to a long day.
4	All I have to say about Rave is that I really wish they were out here in Hawaii.Here's what I loved about my experience here:1) I believe all their theaters have digital projectors. No more film which means no more degradation in reel prints. Also the picture is a lot more colorful and crisp.2) They have all the coolest standees(the movie cardboard cutout stuff)! This kinda stuff can really give you a better movie going experience--seeing all these cool characters and three dimensional displays.3) There's a lounge area you can wait in. Instead of waiting outside, you can wait in this lounge area where they have chairs and tables and just chill out.4) They have a bunch of toppings for your popcorn. Yeah, yeah, yeah, we all know about mixing in M&Ms, Reeses' Pieces, and Sno-Caps, but they actually have an area set aside where they have big seasoning bottles for your popcorn. Innovative? I think so.5) Student rates (discounted student rates). How could you not like the fact that you get a cheaper ticket my showing your student ID?6) There's actually a good amount of leg room in each row. Not just the big walkway rows, every since row in the theater had enough leg room where if someone walked past you in front, it almost didn't affect you at all. In a world where movie prices keep going up and up, you really get the most bang for you buck at Rave.
5	Ok for those who know me, I'm a big fan of movies...especially downloading illegal and illicit copies. Just so I can stick it to the man. When this bluish monstrosity opened up, I was curious. ALL DIGITAL....WTF...I was there. Sure tickets cost more. When you're ordering food. It's from FLATSCREEN TVs... The seats are comfortable, it's very comfortable. The movies, clear and crisp with a great sound system. The bathrooms...remind me of the Great Pumpkin's insides. Yea just trust me...if you don't mind being in the Clockwork Orange.....then pee in a cup.
4	My fav movie theater in town.  Comfy seats & the bright orange bathrooms are enough to wake you up again.  DLP rocks!   I wish they had those bulk candy bins however.  Oh hell, I usually smuggle goodies in with me anyway.
4	Well it's good to see a $10.50 tix is not in jeopardy.  State of Play came out today & it was sold out.  This theater looks prosperous with families, dates, married couples, teens so groups of all types.  It's neat, clean, & big with 17 screens.  And plenty to do with good eats, drinks, a yogurt place, shopping & window shopping prior to a movie!!
3	Came here to see The Hangover...yes, a little hungover....so the brightly colored theater was a little intense for my hungover state, but I did appreciate the comfy seats with armrests that go up....I like snuggling...ok?lol.....Prices were on par with SF, but apparently higher for Vegas.....I'd definitely go again.
3	Yelp really needs to start allowing people to give 1/2 stars.This place really has a 3.5The price is right, at only $10.25 for a ticket during a primetime showing. A large soda and popcorn was only $11, which is not too bad for a theater. The seats are VERY comfortable, and the theater sound and picture quality is superb.They lose points for a couple things though:1) Not taking Discover as a credit card. Get with the times, please. 2) I understand that it was an 11pm show on a Sunday, but clean the fucking bathrooms and empty the trash bins around the theater. I don't like going into the restroom and seeing paper towels all over the place, or seeing overflowing trash bins. All in all, I'll still return here. The theater's very nice and the price is right.
4	Prior to arriving to our hotel in Las Vegas, noticed this big sign that said Rave Motion Theatre from the 15 Freeway. Initial instinct was could this be a movie theater, and if so, a theater worth checking out. Also, it's probably 10 minutes away from the Las Vegas strip so it shouldnt be so bad. First and foremost, was in Vegas that weekend for a softball tournament and if time allows (in other words, if we finish the tournament early) definitely check out the theaters.Sure enough... LOL... have time for the movies. After we had dinner at the YardHouse, we decided to check out the movie theater. Overall it is quite impressive. It's is very big, bright colors - very lively movie theater. The seats for the movie itself are extremely comfortable, they can rock back and forth, more importantly no one's view can be block at this theater. Also notice that there surround sound is quite loud and very crisp. The movie itself is very clear... almost as if watching a dvd movie, just on a bigger projection.Overall a very enjoyable and beautiful movie theater, probably the best one in Las Vegas. Location is superb and it's surrounded by great shopping areas and restaurants.A definite place worth revisiting!
5	Rave Motion Picture Theater is surrounded by restaurants, kiosks & shops in the outdoor mall called Town Square. The bf & I caught a matinee showing of "Couples Retreat" here ($15 for two.) There is a whole section of two-seaters for couples-why can't all theaters have this? Their seats are soft & cushy, recline without squeaking & leave you with tons of legroom. Usually, popcorn is the bane of my theater going experience because it's spilled on the floor, which ends up sticking to my shoes & the place reeks of it, but RMPT had none of these usual offenses going on; the theater was clean & well kept.Great location (close to the strip & rental car return area) & ample parking.
4	The only reason I didn't give this place five stars is cause it can be difficult to park near the back of Town Square where the theatre is during peak times. Beside that this place is definitely one of the nicest in Vegas. It is not as cheap as some of the other ones but the nice auditoriums, seats, and presentation make up for the added price. Additionally you have all the bars, eateries, and shops surrounding it so you can do other stuff easily before or after all within walking distance. This is the only theatre I have ever been to that has armed, yes several armed guards walking around inside, not sure how to feel about that. I have never really gone during the day but they have a lot of facilities for kids if you have them. Overall a really cool place worth the price.
3	The Rave Theatre is a difficult place to review. The major problem with the theatre is that it has several pro's and several con's;Pro'sLocated in Town SquareOffers a wide selection of movies both popular and low budgetHas a good concessions stand with decent theatre foodComfortable seatingSpacious seatingCon'sYou have to pay about $1 extra per ticketThe theatre's bathrooms are some of the worst in townIt's located in Town Square :)Unlike Regal, they offer no rewards programs for going multiple timesIt's a great theatre but I have to limit it at three stars.
5	Rave Motion Pictures is my new favorite movie theater! Since it opened at Town Square Las Vegas, it is the only place we go for movies. I would have to agree with Michael P. about his pros and cons, but in the end, the Pros far outweight the cons for me. They have free refills on Large soda and popcorn, and they VAULT soda on tap (which is really hard to find), so that is a HUGE plus for me. DLP rocks, and all 18 theaters are all digital. They have midnihgt releases every Thursday night, and they always fill up. The large theaters have above-average seating, some with capacity of over 450, and the smaller theaters down the hall playing the films that are towards the end of a run, with an average of about 120 seats has extra wide seating with large table areas every other seat with a cup holder every other seat between them. All theaters have the extra leg room between rows that Rave is known for as well. We make the 28 mile trip from Centennial Hills just to see a movie, and after going to a normal theater and then back to Rave, it always reminds me why Rave is my favorite. Now if only they could build more on this side of the country!
5	The digital projectors they have in this place are crisp! Not to mention the great shopping and dining areas they have around it!  Wish they had a club card like regal does, but other than that I love these theatres! They're bathrooms are even cool!
5	My favorite movie theater in Vegas.  All the movies are in crisp digital projection, seats are bigger than other theaters and are soooo comfy, the sound system is fantastic, the popcorn is delicious (if salt is your best friend) and it's in town square.  I do have to travel an extra 10 minutes to get to this theater and the parking is tough at night because there are so many different bars and restaurants on that corner of Town Square, but all the upgraded features at Rave Motion really puts value into the movie theater experience.
5	This movie theater is my favorite in town. My g/f and I go here on movie dates frequently. The movie projectors are all digital, which makes the tech geek in me go wow! Stadium seating is a plus, and the seats are very comfortable. Tickets are purchased via touch screen kiosks or the classic ticket window booth. The only problem we run into is the parking. Make sure you get to your showtime early to avoid arriving late, because you will most likely be spending time finding a parking space and walking  for several minutes to get to the theater.
5	Rave is by far the best in Vegas IMHO....  The seating is comfy, you can raise the arm rests for a closer seat next to your date...   wonderful  ....   the staff for the most part has been awesome  (yesterday on my way into the concession area, the unfriendly employee demanded I silenced my blackberry... ummmmmmmm)  hahha not a deal breaker... maybe she ate too much popcorn and was angry at herself... who knows...   seriously though...  give this place a shot....    I trust you will enjoy!
4	Rave Motion Picture Theatre is a good place to watch movies as there are more options on movie times than most other theatres.  The staff are somewhat friendly and will do the job they're paid to do.  However, when asked for their opinion on a movie, they're not as responsive as I had hoped they would be.The seats are very comfortable and wide.  The arm rests can be shifted up so if you have the option of having it there or not.  I know most theatres have that option.  It's just good to have.  Considering it's still somewhat of a brand new establishment, there's not been any problem with movies skipping or pausing.
4	One of the things I like about this theater is the scheduling of the movies. While I like closer to Sunset Station, sometimes the movies just work out better at the Rave.  Thanks for putting up with crazy chicks at the SATC 2 movie!
5	This is my favorite movie theater in Vegas.The number one reason is that the theaters have nice comfy seats that are bigger than other theaters and the is also more leg room as well! This is a definite plus for a big mutha such as myself. Also the theaters are all pretty big in general, have excellent sound systems and digital projection that is really vivid and crisp in detail. What more could you want?The price is about $1 more than other theaters but I will happily pay little extra. It is not located in a casino like 95% of the movie theaters in Vegas. The surrounding area (Town Square) is also really nice place to shop, eat, and people watch. They even have a park there.
4	Watched Despicable Me in 2D at Rave Motion Pictures Town Square 18.  It is a really nice theater with awesome seats.  There is so much leg room, that I felt like I am in business class flying across the Pacific, and I will not have to scoot up in the chair and turn sideways as much as possible to let other movie goers walk past me to their seats.  That is just plain super duper cool!The theater is very spacious, with tables and chairs in the hallway for you to rest or eat your hot dogs or what not while you wait for your movie to start.  There is also a room designated for small group parties (like kids birthdays, scout troop outings).It is of course conveniently located inside the Town Square dining, shopping and entertainment complex, with ample parking (except at night and weekends).  It is highly recommended for anyone that lives within 15-20 minutes of this theater or as a central location for meeting up with friends living in various parts of Las Vegas for a movie.  And a cool place to beat the extreme heat of the notorious Las Vegas summer.  So pick a movie, buy some snacks and refreshments, silent your cell phone, and enjoy the movie.
5	The best and only place to see and movie in Las Vegas. it's only downfall is it's popularity and with being in the Town Square can make it very difficult to access, but well worth it.
5	This is the best theatre in Las Vegas hands down. The prices are cheap ($8 before 5pm $10 after) the facility is nice and clean, its inside of the town square shopping mall (bars, clubs, restaurants.... cool place) but most importantly, the inside of the theatre is HUGE. There is more than enough leg room space (being 6'4 this is always an issue). The picture quality is great. If youre in las vegas and want to see a movie, this is the place to go (its on las vegas blvd, but about 5 mins south of the strip... dont go to bum ass regal cinemas next to mgm on the strip. they charge for parking and that place is small!)
4	Rave Motion Pictures isn't bad at all, I would definitely return for a movie if I'm in the Town Square/Strip area. The ticket line looked like it was going fast and they had about 4 automated ticket machines. My sister and I opted for the ticket machine and it took less than 2 mins. to get our tickets using the machine. We ended up having to exchange our tickets for a later time and it was incredibly easy. RMP is spacious, clean, and the decor is pretty neat.
5	dope ass cinema theater. nice looking screens, nice comfy seats. what else can you ask for. i gotta see 3-D on this sick ass screens they have. my homie said it's one of the newest theaters in Las Vegas. they even have little rooms for kids to kick it at. they have a lounge area where you can possibly chill (not too sure) it's at the left as soon as you enter the premises
4	I have been to this theater a couple of times with some of my mommy friends. We have even made movie "playdates" & brought the kiddo's to the free summer movies they show at 10am on Mon & Tues.Those events can get pretty crowded with family's looking for a break from the heat! But its still fun. And its free!The popcorn is always fresh and the seats are super comfy and roomy.The bathrooms were nice and clean each visit as well.I will definitely come back.
4	The Skinny: digital projection, comfy seats, this is a great place to watch a movie.I really like Rave theatres. The seats are nice and there's plenty o' leg room. The projection is amazingly fluid and smooth - a far cry above most theatres in the city. If only Rave wasn't so far away from my place, that would be ideal.
5	This is certainly my favorite theater in Las Vegas.  The seats are very comfortable and the movies are all digital projection.  Gotta love the clarity of the pictures.  The audio quality is great also.  It is a bit pricier than your typical movie complex, but for the space and the quality of the movies, I don't mind paying the premium.
5	I'm all about the newer theater smell with digital screens and excellent sound. After having an HDTV for so long, it is hard to see another film based movie again. The self serve ticket booth is so easy to use and is the secret weapon when there are huge lines. There is a huge concession area once you've entered through the two main doors. This is ranked up there with one of the nicest movie theaters in town. Many movie previews are done here and for good reason, lots of stadium styled seating in the larger theater rooms.
5	Came here for the early show with a friend to see The Switch. Its 8 bucks if you get the matinee and it was 10 bucks for a giant soda & small popcorn. I love the theater it has such comfy seats..we were the only ones for this showing so we had the best seats & the whole place to ourselves..a perk when you see the 1st movie of the day!
4	Nice to go watch a movie without going thru a casino and smelling like you smoke.  Theatre has cozy seats and lots of movies.  Saw Scott Pilgrim vs the World was a good movie to see especially with the surround sound.
4	It was actually really nice. The seats were large and comfy. It didn't feel overcrowded. The system they use to prebuy tickets was only a buck per person and the kiosk to get your ticket was easy to use. The only reason I gave them 4 out of 5 is because they hide the entrance. It was our first time there and we couldn't figure out how to get in.  A nice couple had to show us.
5	This is my movie theater of choice. I think it's primarily because it's the newest movie theater in town. It's all digital projection, so the picture quality is amazing. And the sound is too. The seats are nice and comfortable, especially in the smaller theaters where the seats are basically like big recliners (minus the recline, darn...). The place is also very clean.The popcorn is good. And the staff is nice. The only thing I don't like is the high price. It is more expensive to watch a movie here than at the other theaters in town. Depending on the movie, it is well worth the extra money.
4	Rave is the newest and best movie theater in Vegas bar none. All screens are digital projection. The sound and picture quality are unrivaled. The stadium-style seating is comfy with plenty of leg room. Prices, while not inexpensive at $10.50 for adults and $8 for matinee, are in line with its competitors. An added bonus is the easy parking and its close proximity to numerous dining and shopping venues. Drawbacks include lack of a frequent moviegoer program, i.e. Regal's Crown Club, and no IMAX screens, if you're into to that. Now if only they would build one closer to home and offered discounted passes at Costco...
4	Favorite movie theater. Luv the seats in the smaller theaters , big and comfortable, aisle wider then normal. Good pic and sound quality. Luv the fact u can flavor your own popcorn . They had a chedder cheese flavoring. Nice and clean
2	overpriced in all aspects, great facility though.  unfortunately this entire shopping location is full of douchebags.
4	I remember when this theater first opened up. It was like a circus in the building! I've never seen a theater soo busy and packed with crowds like a hip hop show and concert! Teenagers everywhere, parents pushing babies in strollers, parents pushing grandparents in strollers, and more strollers everywhere!It's calmed down a few notches since then but is still crowded with teenagers. Especially on the weekend. Not like I have anything against the younger members of our society but there's just something about a crowd of teenagers that make me feel nervous. Haha! So, if you feel the same way, avoid the weekends unless you're feeling extra patient or brave. Hahaha!The best attributes about this theater is that the theater is really new so things inside look a lot nicer and cooler! As soon as you walk in, if you go to the left, there is a little waiting lounge area that has sofas and easy chairs to relax in til your movie starts. They're very comfortae too! The picture and sound come from DLP Texas Instruments and not THX. I find the pictures clearer. The most important good part is that this theater has late showings for the yelp Nighthawks! Some thwarted have the last showing within the hour of 10 but Rave has late shows til midnight! Keep it in mind when you're out on late dinner and decide to end it with the latest movie. I would definitely come back, but not on opening nights or the weekends.
5	I love this theater! It's a great place to watch a flick. If you hit one of the films that's a few weeks old, there usually isn't much of a crowd, and the smaller theaters just cozy enough to enjoy the movie without too many people overcrowding them. The big over-sized chairs are plush and comfortable, it makes watching that long movie much better. The extra wide arm rests are great, they allow everyone room. Wish there were recliners! I like going early Sunday morning to watch the first show, not many there at that time! Since I have a relative with connections, it very nice to get movie passes to use from time to time. This makes going a little less costly, after all, it's now a $40 dollar date when you add the popcorn and drinks. The only thing I would change would be the parking, wish it was right outside the door! But then walking around Town Square encourages exercise, eating, drinking, shopping and fresh air! And who doesn't enjoy that.
4	Fun place; watched Jackass 3D here. It was pouring though! The downside of this place is the parking... Adding to the fact that it was raining, the way to the theaters were uncovered and therefore really let me wear-in my new manolies. Oh well. I love how there's no tourists, too.
5	This is my favorite theatre in town and I'm lucky to not live too far away from Town Square.  Nice clean facility, attractive location (Town Square), and good looking women to scope around while waiting to decide which movie to watch. And if you want to make your 3D experience  amazing, have a drink at the surrounding bars, buzz up a bit, and BAAAM!, 3D at its finest!The seats inside are very spacious and comfortable. The armrest are foldable too so if you happen to be with that special someone and the theatre is empty.......go cuddle up and do yo thang!
5	This is my favorite place to see movies in LV.  Best screens, seats, sound system etc.  It makes Brendan Theatres look like a dump...wait...that place is a dump!!  Red Rock is a distant #2 for best theater.
5	What a great place to discover at the end of the strip.  We had been up and down the strip during the day and wanted to decompress and see a current show.  We searched the Yelp pages and found that this was in a nearby mall.We were pleasantly surprised.  First run movies for $8.  We went on a Tuesday around 5pm so it wasn't very busy we enjoyed the seats and the stadium seating.  Good popcorn and an enjoyable time.  I would definitely check it out in the future.
4	Rave is a superb theater. Prices are typical for movies nowadays, so don't expect amazing discounts. The place is clean and the staff is friendly. They are more than willing to help you find your theater, bathroom, etc. I think the best thing this theater has going for it is it's location. There's nothing quite like doing some shopping at Town Square and then seeing a movie.
4	After living overseas for the past four years, I dreaded going to the movie theatre again in fear that I would be disappointed in cleanliness, seating, and overall environment. Man was I WRONG! This place is very well taken care of w/ all of the necessary/applicable accoutrements. Be sure to bring your student/military/AARP ID as the flicks can get rather pricey...or at least more costly than I'm used to. If the lines are too long be sure to use the electronic ticket machine outside of the theatre....
5	I love this particular theater because its location, environment, cleanliness, and comfyness.  Firstly, Rave is located at Town Square, an awesome outside mall, equipped with great places to shop, eat, and drink.  I know this is a local favorite hangout spot for a lot of people, due to those dynamics. Also, the theaters are well kept and the seats still cushioned well, since it is fairly new.  I haven't had an episode where I've sat in or touched gum on the chair, or stepped on a sticky dried up substance on the floor (which I have had multiple incidents like that happen to me at older theaters i.e. United Artist Showcase 8, the other theater located on the Strip). I recommend this theater to anyone coming from out of town that could be staying on or near the strip or any local who hasn't been to these theaters yet. Two thumbs!
5	If you ever come to Vegas and have a car and want to escape the madness of the Strip, I would highly suggest coming to Town Square for the food, shopping and the amazing theatre. Coming from LA, it's really hard to find a decent-priced, clean movie theatre with knowledgeable AND friendly employees. Rave Motion Pictures offers all of this. I was really impressed with it the first time I came a few years ago and this is the ONLY theatre I go to in Vegas. I refuse to hit up the United Artists on the strip because it's super dirty and the whole area is just sketch. Plus you get all the disgusting drunk people or families with all their noisy, bratty kids. No bueno!!Rave has great seats, good popcorn and the prices are pretty decent. They have good matinee offers (even on the weekends) and student discounts. Yes...it is in a mall-type atmosphere, but there are really good restaurants and retail shops in the area. Good place to kill half a day.
4	This is one of my favorite theaters although it is a pain to park there. I am sure it is the same walking distance as parking in a garage at a casino but it just feels like a journey. The screens are beautiful and have one of my favorite features, the ticket kiosk. They have two or three kiosks as soon as you walk in to shorten the lines. I do avoid this place on the weekends because it is usually overrun with young kids. They can just ruin a movie from time to time.
4	I love Town Square, it's architecture and design is very classy and clean.  Rave is one of my favorite theaters to go to, aside from Brendan theatres and Regal Cinema in REDROCK.  Not only is it clean, but very spacious.  Well the number of times I've been to the theatres, I've been situated in the small area.  It's very small, and it doesn't feel crowded.  There's no funky smell, and there's never popcorn or drinks left on the floor.  Despite the prices being high for popcorn and drinks, I would say this theatre is definitely the best of Las Vegas.  There has never been any technical difficulties with the movies, and I love how they have self serve ticket booths.  If you're not going to Brendan Theatres or Regal Cinema at REDROCK CASINO.....definitely check this spot out.
4	a nice, clean movie theater. huge, comfy seats. good matinee prices. (8 bucks.) a great selection of newly released films. this is one of my favorite movie theaters in las vegas for those reasons. the prices of the food cost more than my ticket though. minus a star for that, but what do you expect really when going to see a movie? they have sweet popcorn topping options for those little tastebuds of yours though and that is an added bonus.walking here from the parking lot in the rain today though also made me realize the front door isn't as close as it appears to be on a sunny day and you have to go up some slippery stairs so be careful on a rainy day movie date.if you keep your ticket stub and take it over to lolitas afterwards they offer a 2 for 1 margarita special.
4	Located at the west end of the Town Square shopping complex, the Rave Motion Pictures Town Square 18 (what a mouthful!) is easily the best multiplex in the city, with state-of-the-art projection & sound and comfortable stadium-style tiered seating.My only minor quibble would be the difficulty of its entrance. The Town Square shopping complex is an open-air mall, so you have to enter it from ground-level, but the Rave Motion Pictures Town Square 18 is on the second floor, necessitating a long climb up some steep stairs. There are escalators and an elevator nearby, though. I've just had some problems with companions who are not comfortable scaling all those steps, especially when they're wet.But the theater itself is top-notch, especially compared to others in Las Vegas. I love the fact you can purchase tickets from a kiosk without having to wait in line to transact with a live cashier, and I also like the fact that the main exits deposit you right next to the entrance. Other local theaters either force you to use the same doors as entering patrons, or they lead you to some disorienting new place that's not close to where you entered.Concessions are about what you'd expect, and I'm always surprised how easy it is to upsize your beverage to a truly unwieldy amount that will send you to the restrooms mid-movie.In all, the Rave Motion Pictures Town Square 18 is the best place to view movies in all of Las Vegas.
4	Occasionally I visit movie theaters to watch cinema only if there's a movie worth watching. Attending a premiere movie screening opportuned me to this theatre. I just walked up to the movie ticket attendant with my screening pass. Even so I noticed, a line for non-pass holder moviegoers waiting to buy movie tickets. Guess this is a theatre moviegoers frequent a lot. Somewhat friendly-looking ticket attendants at the ticket window. Accessible comfort rooms and concession stands' fare is just like any movie theater. Just no outside food or drink allowed. Several Theater Rooms are marked by numbers and movie titles over its doors. So apparently no one will be misguided to the wrong movie to watch. Wide screen for viewing while seated in a wide, comfortable, cushioned, high-back chair with armrest that folds upward. Tiered seating arrangements that starts down low by the main screen then elevates upward to the rear seats ending below the main projection window. No heads before you barring the view. Clean. Surround sound system. Movie theater's security guards do rounds. Movie Ushers on hand prior to movie show to assist moviegoers to available seats. Temperature needs a little notch up for extra movie experience comfort level. Quite some legs room enough to stretch it out forward while sitting and no need to dodge those knees away from passing fellow moviegoer. Parking lot is well-lit as this movie theatre is located in Town Square where one can also do shopping galore.
4	Favorite Vegas movie theatre. Much more relaxed and laid-back than any theatre on the strip, and although it is still pricy - it is also cheaper than theatres on the strip.  And the fact it is at Town Square helps, because I love shopping here.  However it is also probably the most difficult place to find at Town Square.  Nice and clean, and it's not chaotic so it's my favorite choice for a movie theatre in Vegas.
4	I love Town Square, it's easily my favorite place in Las Vegas. Now that I have seen a movie at Rave Motion Pictures, it's my favorite place to catch a flick too! I came to Rave with 3 other people to catch the 8:25 pm showing of Little Fockers, our tickets cost $42. A little pricey to see a movie but not bad as compared to other theaters that offer far less comfortable seating and not as high quality picture/sound. It was a Thursday night and there was no line to get tickets or at the concession stand. A medium popcorn and large soda was $11. Don't bother buying candy here, smuggle some in from it'sugar which is downstairs! Popcorn on the other hand is worth buying because it's pretty hard to smuggle that stuff in (even with a huge purse like mine!), and the fact that you can have white cheddar flavored popcorn is awesome. The seating is really unbeatable at Rave, the cushions are nice and cushy and there is so much leg room. The armrest that was between my husband and I did not go up but apparently some do? The picture and sound quality were top notch, and I appreciated that there wasn't a ton of advertisements shown before the movie started... I don't go to the movies all that often but the next time something I want to see comes out, chances are this is the theater I will go to!
1	Went to the 11:59 showing of Green Hornet.  I got some popcorn and drinks, then entered the auditorium at 11:52.  To my surprise, the feature was already showing.  I don't know how long it was on, but it was not the previews but the actual movie.  With the trailers, it had to be started about 30 min early.  For 3 tickets and concessions, it came to about $90.  For that kind of money, I would like to see the whole movie.  Maybe the projectionist doesn't own a watch.  More likely, someone probably wanted to go home early.
3	I like that this theater is in Town Square with lots of stuff to do before or after a movie.  The seats are comfortable and the theaters seem clean.Just be careful with using Fandango here.  After ordering tix on Fandango, I tried to make it perfectly clear to the theater cashier that I was only picking up my Fandango tickets.  She indicated that she understood but said she needed to see the credit card I bought them with.  I gave it to her and... lo and behold, I got charged for an extra set of tickets.  I called the theater to get it corrected and the manager said I would have to come in with my credit card statement, ticket stubs, first born, etc.  It was way too much to deal with so I just let it go.  Get your Fandango tix from the machines (machines are infallible, right?) or make it perfectly clear that you will not hand over your credit card until they absolutely, positively confirm they are just using it to confirm your Fandango purchase.
5	My man and I go here most of the time for our movie viewing needs. They have great and comfy seats (you can put the armrests up if you want to snuggle up...it feels like you are on a couch), tasty popcorn and jacuzzi sized sodas (wonderful to share). The staff is always nice and its open kinda late. They even have movies for kids on Tuesday morning at 10am (its nice to have a time where its cool to bring the noisy ankle biters). Love you Rave Motion Pictures :)
5	Rave is without a doubt the best movie theater in the city. Located in Town Square, our favorite place to shop, it's modern, clean and the service is always excellent. I love that even if I miss the opening weekend of a movie that I'm not sent to the dungeon where the screen size is not much bigger than my flat screen and the audio is as good as my stereo circa 1980.
4	I came here a week or two ago with my husband because we wanted to take advantage of our free tickets. We originally wanted to see the Green Hornet but since it was in 3-D and a matinee the cashier was honestly saying it wouldn't be worth it. She said we would get a better value out of the tickets by seeing a non 3D movie. We chose to watch The Mechanic ....Jason Statham was in it so I didn't mind. It was a good movie if you like movies about hit men. The theater is adorned in bright colors. The bathroom for example is done in bright orange tiles. I liked that instead of having movie posters here they had video boxes. It was cool because sometimes when you look at a movie poster you have no idea what the movie is about. These video boxes play little snippets from the movie. It's helpful and it saves trees so everyone wins! The seats were nice and cushy and had big cup holders just in case you want to go with a large drink. I liked that it wasn't crowded so it was a peaceful movie watching experience!
4	This is my favorite spot for movies so far...Not in a Casino is a PLUS...The insides are newer and I feel like it's cleaner than most theaters. The best part is everything around this place, it has everything you need to enjoy yourselves besides the movie. It's in the newest shopping center in Vegas, so there's shopping. There's also Blue Martini for the Ultra Lounge and then there's The YardHouse for all your beer drinkers. Restaurants are also at your disposal.  I love this place.
4	Just went to watch Rango. Last showing at 10:55. The place was not crowded at all, just the way I like it. Food was a bit pricey, not bad but not the best. The theater itself was clean and there's always someone around making sure the place is clean including the bathroom. One thing I found odd was that some of the bathroom stalls were locked. I guess they do that so when they're closing they don't have every single stall to clean. I will be definitely coming back here again.
5	I came here to see Carmen 3D, the Royal Opera House's production of the opera.  This was the third time I've been to Rave.  I was blown away!The sound was excellent!  The theatre was small - capacity rated at under 300 (I don't remember the exact number), and the stadium seating is pitched so nicely that any seat would have a great line of sight to the screen.  The Real D 3D was superb!  The glasses were very comfortable and the pitch in the theatre made the depth perception much greater.The legroom in the rows is amazing!  Lots of room to stretch out or let people go by.  The seats are comfortable.The ticket seller was a delight!All around, this is a great place to see 3D or 2D films.  I'll be back.
5	Catch a movie, take a walk through the park, grab diner n drinks, shop. You can do it all right here.
4	Great movie screens and a generous facility with state of the art digital screens make this the place to go for those big budget visual spectaculars. The snack bar and popcorn are above average, tho I wish were a bit better to match the quality of the facility. You will need to walk a bit as the theatre is set in the middle of an outdoor mall meant to replicate a small neighborhood.
5	Nothing bad to say, this theater is always comfortable and both my husband and I love coming here.  You can always count on the big comfortable chairs with wide arm rests and extra wide isles for those with long legs.  It's always clean and fresh, the popcorn smells haunt you all the way to your seat!We enjoy coming here and over other theaters, this one just stands alone!
5	This theater is very nice! Ive seen 3 out of the 4 moves ive seen since i moved to vegas here at the Rave and im very impressed. The seating is comfortable and is spacious even for us bigger people. I was actually tripped out when i saw there little vip room. It looked very interesting and a good place to throw a small get together for your kids or something. The sound system and the screen set up is great. The screen is super clear and the sound is crisp and def helps to put you right in the middle of a good action scene when it comes around. Makes you feel like your right there with them!The stadium styled seating also helps especially when theres the people with the huge hair styles or the tall or larger folks sitting infront of you. Also to add to that the space seating is good, you dont have to scrunch up if someone is walking in and out of the isle.
2	I saw a flick here last weekend and it was a dismal place.  The employees looked like zombies and they were out of Peanut M&M's.  The kid at the concession stand just said "we are out"  Not "I'm sorry, we are out, " or "would you like something else instead"  It was a Sunday night at 7pm.  When would you have more?  Can I have the display candy?  Just fill me in and I'm more likely to be appeased.  Instead I asked if the manager would like to address the issue.  The guy said "probably not"Sucked!
5	AS GOOD AS IT GETS! Rave is my all-time favorite theater in town and is my first place choice whenever there is a new Harry Potter movie screening, haha!! The screens are all huge, and the seats are what make the theater! There is a 4-ft walkway from each row of seats onward, so you don't have to be a buggaboo whenever you need to grab that snack or head to the girls/boys room.Another convenience is the location of the theater! It is inside the Turnberry Townsquare shopping area. You know what that means!! New shoes before, after, or during the movie if you wanna! Haha. Ok, my rambling ends here.CONCLUSION: THE BEST =D
1	They do not offer breaks for Seniors and the day we went the movie projector was way to dim.  The film was hard to see.  Only one set of doors were open because no body could find the keys for the other doors.  It will be a long time before we visit is unfriendly place again.  There are too many good theaters to go to and ones that give us older fixed income persons a break.
5	Rave is just shy of The Strip, and this is an easy accessible means for tourists to grab a quick flick; not to mention this spot is very popular for the locals as well, whether it's looking at eye candy, people watching, or running into your friends randomly. I'm surprised that for every time I've been here, with the volume of people that *do* come through, somehow Rave still has room to accommodate these people and *more*! The theaters are spacious, with seats that are unexpectedly comfortable and spaced out (plus, you don't have to worry for someone's head blocking you, for the rows are evened out pretty nicely).Not once have I came through Rave having a shoe of mine stick to the ground, or finding trash under the seats. They keep this place in top maintenance, and it makes for the experience because I'm a person who personally cannot stand knowing the floor below me is a mess from the previous movie!The location is in reach of all the bars surrounding Rave, as well as restaurants to get a quick bite to eat if you're not too fond of munching on typical theater snacks. I can definitely advocate this place for tourists, since you'll get a mixture of interesting people, a lively environment in Vegas, and for the service and cleanliness Rave has to offer!
4	It's my first time watching a movie here and it's pretty nice. The seats are comfy and there's decent leg room. The picture quality and sound is fluid.What more can you really want in a theater? I used the automated machine to do my tickets and I was happy to see that they just started making a few of their theaters reserved seating. I liked this feature of Arclight in LA since I always had preferred seating and didn't have to wait an hour for some of the top flicks to get a decent seat. The movie we were watching didn't have a time close enough for a reserved seats showing, but it's definitely something to consider in the future. Now if they would only start doing certain viewings no kids or no teens, and alcohol served I might start going to theaters out here more often. So far though, I think I'll come back for the comfy reserved seating on popular movies over going to a smaller theater closer to home.
2	This theatre was the only place we found showing a NY Philharmonic event (Company) and ah boy, did we get the worst theatre and projector.  The chairs hadn't been cleaned, the room was somewhere between small and tiny, and the worst part -- the projector had a scanline that went up and down the entire showing.  For $18 I was expecting THX and HD projection, not to be kicked in the knee.  If it wasn't the only place in town to see it and if I'd known it was going to be that bad... ugh, this place.
3	Rave Motion Pictures at Town Square is one of my favourite cinema complexes in the valley --- Comfy seats with neat bouncy semi-recline features, lots of decent quality theatres, showtimes at varied hours of the day --- and yet here I am on Yelp to give it a bit of a kick in the pants. Why the grief?Well, I think they have a little problem with their staff on the late shift. The wife and I went to a late (10:20PM) session last night and when we got into our theatre the place was a disgrace - popcorn, spilt drinks, empty nachos boxes with the remains of cheese dipping sauce on the seats, floors, in the aisles. We had to literally kick garbage aside to get a clean place to sit.  Shortly into the previews I left the theatre to "use the facilities" and noticed staff members all over the place in the nearly deserted complex. They were playing with their iPhones, socialising with one another. Doing everything BUT cleaning out theatres before the final session of the evening. When I got to the restroom I noticed a recurring theme. I had to check and reject no fewer than five stalls before I found one with the least possible urine sprayed on the seat only to discover upon exiting that my own particular throne had a very used piece of toilet paper clinging to the porcelain at the rear of the seat area. Thankfully I didn't sit on it or right now I wouldn't be writing this review but be undergoing steralisation at some industrial decontamination plant.Overall I like this theatre complex. It's gorgeous, comfortable and convenient. They would be a solid 4 and 1/2 star review is just for these elements. Unfortunately they really need to give their late evening shift staff a kick in the pants because the place really does get disgusting late in the evening. We pay the same price for tickets as people at earlier sessions -- why should we sit in a popcorn wasteland or a sewer? This is not a one-time experience for me, either.
5	Great location for a movie theater. I love the seating here, the food is better than your average movie fare as well. Jade says there is reserved seating so I am definitely gonna look in to that. I like being able to take in a movie when after some shopping, a few drinks, or before or after a meal so I really like this location. Nice sized screens, great sound, comfy seats, and access to great snacks and food. This is one of my favorite theaters.
5	To be, or not to be.... Yeah you gotta go here!1.  Big reason - HUGE seats, lots of leg room, BIG Screens.2.  Food - Same stuff as anywhere, and they have free popcorn flavoring in case there is not enough sodium in your diet anyway. The stuff is ADDICTING!!!!3.  Ambiance - Trendy, comfortable, just the right amount of busy.4.  Parking - Outdoor mall, parking requires a small walk.5.  Otherness - All the restaurants, bars, and walking areas make this place a really cool place to be and to walk around. 6.  Selection of movies - Awesome!I say check it out.  Very cool...
4	Even though this is not the closest movie theater to me but I always come back to this one because of the digital projectors, if you've watchedovies in this theater you know what I'm talking about, the picture is so crisp and clear.  The only downside is that they have no IMAX which would make this theater the #1.
5	TIP: use the automated ticket machine instead of waiting in that long line! - The theater is in the perfect location for a dinner/movie date!- The chairs are super comfy and some theaters even have extra wide/double arm rest chairs. I LOOOVE these. Although I can't remember which number theaters they are in. - Snacks are the same price as everywhere- They keep it pretty clean for a theater, so that is definitely a positive.Love this location and this theater. Definitely recommend it!
3	Let me start off with the positive, Rave has a great decor, great staff, and is a awesome place to have a movie date or just kickn' it with your friends. However, maybe its me or I'm just getting old(er), but the amount of unruly teenagers with no manners just rubs me the wrong way.  It's like their parents drops them off, with no assured direct on how to act in public. WTF!     Getting back on subject, I recommend the later shows to maximize aGreat movie experience!
5	I like how they have kiosk to purchase tickets downstairs and upstairs, and they have seat reservations.
5	This is my fave movie theater in town! It's a great location being in Town Square and the all digital projection can't be beat.
3	Yelp 365 Challenge - Review 010/365 (8/10/2011)We watched a movie during our last vacation because my roomie discovered an ad in a local magazine for free passes to see The Change-Up.  I usually don't consider attending complimentary screening events back home (since they always attract way too many people due to the weird mindset in Hawaii of "free / discounted is always good, even if we have to camp out overnight to be one of the first in line, or pay someone else to stand in line for us!  We will do this over and over again even if we're not guaranteed anything!  And most likely, we won't get anything but it's OK, we'll just b*tch later about the ratio of supply to demand to the store branch / corporate!"), but I figured that the odds were in my favor with this (only thing in Vegas actually, lol). My first impression of RMP:  this is like a newer and bigger version of Ward Theaters at Ward Centers in Honolulu, Hawaii.  This includes the extensive walk-up to the ticket counter / theater doors and the reclining chairs - even the parking setup is just as weird. So we arrived at the theater about 10 to 15 minutes prior to show time.  We just walked straight in and didn't buy anything at the concession stand.  Unfortunately, the only available aisle seats farthest from the screen were in the second row.  This wasn't our preferred location - but heck, we were glad that there were *any* open seats available.  After someone from a radio station (a sponsor of the promo...?) introduced himself and mentioned the importance of viewer comments / opinions (about the movie, not the theater), the movie itself began (without trailers).My second impression of RMP:  DamnDamnDamn why are there so many kids here?  By "kids" I mean anyone between the ages of 18 to 25.  I don't know if it was due to the movie being free, or if that's usually the dominant crowd at RMP.  Either way, I still don't enjoy sitting in a theater while other people (i.e., kids) constantly have conversations, shuffle around and/or hit the back of my seat (which is what a group behind us did during the entire movie).Otherwise, I had an OK time here.  I would probably think twice about going back, even if I found another free movie promo while on vacation.
4	I love this theater. This is definitely one of those places where I do not mind paying full price to see a movie. After a few beers at the Yard House,   it is nice to be able to see a movie and sober up before it is time to leave. The amenity that gets me every time are the seats. They are big, comfortable, and there is no much room to stretch out. On a few occasions I have been caught sleeping. I know that you don't come to a movie to take a nap, but a 20 minute power nap allowed me to enjoy Tron in 3D. I have been better and stayed awake through more recent movies, but it is a struggle sometimes in these lavish chairs.The picture quality is always top notch and I am not as nit picky as I am with other theaters.
4	It's a movie theatre with comfortable stadium-style seats.  If you want more comfort, you can grab a blue footstool before you enter your specific theatre!  The place is clean and has the requisite stupid high prices for movie snacks, but it's in Town Square which is cool and fun.Thank you to the ticket gal who asked me if I was a student!  :)
5	This is a newer theater, you can reserve your seats and everything is clean and new looking. I love being able to reserve your seats because you can buy your tickets, go to dinner and arrive only a few minutes before the movie starts and not have to worry about finding a good seat or arriving early to sit where you want. They also offer a military discount, I paid $7.50 (adult) at night on a weekend.
4	There's a few theaters I frequent in Las Vegas and Rave is one of them. One of the newer theaters in town, the only downside is the number of kids that come here too, since it's not in a casino. It costs a bit more than some other theaters also but it's a clean comfortable theater with plenty of screens and movie times. Good concessions and staff is always nice.  I really like their smaller viewing rooms with the big comfy chairs.
2	Rave is hit or miss.Positives:-The seats are comfy.-The ticket machines in the lobby and downstairs mean no waiting.-Most theaters here are pretty big.Negatives:-As others have said, MASSIVE amounts of unsupervised, rude children/teenagers. -Bathrooms are DISGUSTING. (blood anyone???)Neutral:-Prices, no worse or better than anywhere else.  Matinee is $8.Sometimes I really enjoy my experience (meaning I pick something teenagers have no interest in, so I enjoy the show).  Sometimes I want to drag a manager down there and make them HANDLE the teenagers.  If they want to talk REMOVE them from the theater.The short version:  Chose your movie carefully or take your chances.
5	Lol. Went over the weekend and I had to check my watch for the date since for a second I thought it was Halloween.  Many moviegoers were dressed as musketeers for the Three Musketeers movie. We decided to join and watch the movie and it was fun and enjoyable with all the impersonator musketeers. This is one of the best of the best movie theaters.  I am a neat and clean freak...and this place matches my expectations.  Plus very comfy seating all the movie rooms that I have visited.
4	this is a great place to hang out its even better because it is in an out door mall. the screen in side the theater is pretty good and everyone will enjoy it but my favorite movie theater is still the one inside red rock regal theaters.
4	The Rave is allot nicer and newer than most of the theaters in vegas and you can lean the seats back a bit....YESS! With it's modern decor and it's maintained cleanliness I say this theater is worth the drive, especially  for those who live on the other side of the valley as I do where the closest theaters are Inside casinos and It couldn't have been In a more perfect location...Town Square.  The line Is a bit crazy on weekend nights so do come with time and don't be that guy/girl that misses the previews because who are we kidding when we act like they don't matter.
4	I go to the movies 1-2 times a week. I come to this theater the most, because it is close to my house. I don't have any complains about this place.  The only thing I don't like is young kid's watching movies that are rated-R.
4	For the most part this place is just like every other theater. And with the price of movie tickets I very rarely go see movies any more. The movies I do tend to see are very specific and typically don't break any box office records so therefore don't warrant extra screen time in the theaters.And that is where this theater gets it's bump from 3 to 4 stars...RAVE with it's Vegas mentality has midnight showings for almost every movie they have on rotation. That means I can show up last minute on thursday nights for movies that would normally not get a midnight release, but here in Vegas they do and RAVE has them all.Did you go see the new Twilight at midnight....of course you did, but for me I couldn't care less even if Jacob and Edward decide to eat Bella and then go on Fear and Loathing style road trip to Vegas together....But...I get to see things like The Rum Diaries, and Drive before anyone else because they all get that special midnight release. & since almost no one goes to see those movies I don't have to hear 17 year old boys and 40 year old women yelling "Oh hellllllll No!" at the movie screen.Other than that its clean, it's nice, and it requires a credit check to eat at the concession stand...Just like most every other movie theater in town and in the country. But the nice part here is the location in town square means I can get a small plate and a beer at one of a dozen happy hours around the theater before I go.Yea....you are still thinking of my version of Twilight aren't you...Just wait...If it gets made we will all go see the midnight showing at RAVE.
4	Considering it's a haul for my husband and I to get to this theater, we don't go too often.  In fact, we've only really been here for special events.We saw a sneak preview of Quantum of Solace (yes, years ago), the final Harry Potter, and several midnight movies sponsored by Maximum Comics.  I can't really say much in terms of just a general night at the movies.For the sneak previews, things can get really out of hand.  For Quantum of Solace there was just a mad dash for seats and lots of really irritated customers.  I think they've learned a little since then.  For Harry Potter, things were a bit more organized.  Certain groups of people got different colored wristbands.  Green would go in first, then red... you get the picture.  As much as this idea *should* have worked, there was still a lot of confusion.  Props for the effort though.For the Maximum Comics midnight movies, they are great.  It's free to get in and the employees all treat us just as well as the paying customers.  Last night we went to another midnight movie ("Scrooged") but the film wasn't working.  So to make it up to us, the manager let us watch "The Sitter" for free.The theater is huge and clean.  The seats are comfy.  Typical sky-high concession stand prices.  My only problem is that their popcorn never tastes very good. And be prepared for a long walk from the parking lot.
5	A great place to see a movie just got better! Aside from the theater being very clean, there is a new option.We went to see the new Sherlock Holmes film last night and when purchasing our ticket, was asked by the ticket agent if we wanted the 21+ theater since they serve beer. We said yes on finding out there was no ticket price difference. Then we went over to the place that was selling the beer and they had choices from the restaurant english's (really nice beer selection). I did not look at any of the other offerings, a beer sounded good, matching the movie well. I chose the Banana Bread beer by Wells & Young for only $7, and the beer was carried to the theater for me on a tray. Such service! Beats a sugary soda and overpriced snacks any day in my book.We'll be back MANY more times for this type of offering. Last time I saw a beer offered in a theater was back east.Go Rave!
4	we don't go to the movies too often, but when we do, rave is the place to go!  its nice to go to a movie theater thats not in the middle of a casino sometimes, right?  the stadium chairs are super comfy.  i'm not sure if all the rooms have the chairs with tiny tables for armrests to place your popcorn and drinks... but some of them do and they are super convenient!screens are good, sound is good, chairs are comfy, its clean and the concessions stands are pretty convenient.  all movie theaters are way overpriced and this one isn't any different.  (i like to go to the candy store next door right before the movie.... ;))  overall, rave is a good theater choice as far as movie theaters go!
5	While I was in Las Vegas I decided I wanted to spend a day off the strip so I headed to Town Square. While I was there I decided to go to a movie, specificially Mission Impossible: Ghost Protocol. Rave Motion Pictures is one of the nicest theaters I have been in. The theater was huge with stadium style seating and an extremely clear projector. The picture was amazing and I highly recommend anyone who wants to see a movie while in Las Vegas to go to Rave Motion Pictures! Oh and they had great popcorn to top it off.
4	Being that this is one of the newer movie theaters in Las Vegas, the seats here are way better than the seats at other older theaters.Location is ideal. Town Square is a great place to eat before, after or before AND after a movie! You could eat, watch a movie and get yogurtland after! Whatever you want. Town Square is pretty much an easy date place.$6 Tuesdays, all day/night long!I cannot really review the concession stand, because I do not usually buy concessions.The employees are all friendly and laid back. They usually take your word for it if you forgot your student ID. Don't quote me on that if it doesn't work for you though.All around, good movie theater. Looking forward to going back on future Tuesdays!!!
1	Oh yah this place is great!! If u want little punk a$$ kids to throw sh** at u all through the movie...  But really they should change the name to "Movie-Care" So if you what to have a nice evening out with your someone special then only come to this place when the Bieber Lovers are in bed!  OR see an older move and sit in the back the way back!P.S I like how at the bottom of this Review Yelp asked if this place was good for kids lol
4	I have to say that the Rave is not my favorite movie theater in town, but it is one of the top. It is clean, the workers are friendly and the theaters are large. I really enjoy the location. You can spend the day shopping, catch a movie and then have a nice dinner. That does make for a very relaxing day.I also like that it is not located in a casino. That way you don't have to get your cloths fumigated with cigaret smoke.
4	Rave is ok, but it is usually very crowded on the weekends. It is located in a mall so that is to be expected. I have seen many movies here and I have never had any issues. The inside is always clean and the employees are attentive.I have also been to several midnight premieres here and they are also very well organized getting everyone in and to the correct place in an orderly manner.
5	I have been to other theaters around the Las Vegas area, but in proximity to me, the Rave is my favorite. They have a great selection, many available theaters for those popular movies and still give the no 3D option for some of us who do not tend to enjoy 3D as much. I do not mind it, but I usually forget to put my contacts in so when I am unexpectedly taken to a 3D movie I am wearing two pairs of glasses and its a bit uncomfortable, but hey that is just me! I love the staff at this theater, even those walking around trying to clean all the theaters are really nice and will stop to answer a question from a customer instead of saying to ask someone else. The concession will be expensive anywhere nowadays, but there selection of goodies is pretty great. I loved having a vitamin water as a choice instead of water or soda.One thing I really like is the advanced showings they have at times. I am always seeing tickets given away at events for free passes to see the advance showing of some really awesome movie, but it is always on a week night, so sometimes I cannot go. The seats are comfy and the screen is perfect. I can rave about Rave all day!
4	Park near the Guitar Center, for nearby access to this theater located at Town Square. Go up the stairs. Box office is outside to the right. You can also purchase tickets down below, at the automated machine before walking up the steps, which is really convenient, if you wanted to get advance tickets or something. I recently saw a pre-screening of a new release movie here last week. There were three lines. The movie started at 7 pm. They want every seat filled for interview feedback afterward (the organizers want you to be completely honest). Due to the Press Section getting closed off, we were off to the side, but we were able to get a good view of the movie (sound quality was very good). I thought the room we were in was particularly small (there were 3 aisles). The steps were pretty steep; I think people with issues (handicapped, elderly, etc.) should probably stay closer to the bottom of the theater. Bathrooms were close to our lines. The bathroom was very clean, too. (Come to think of it, since this is a newer theater, everything is cleaner, period.) The concession stand is in the middle, after entering the theater.   Other theater happenings include: rave reservations, $6 tuesdays and $6 matinees screening before 2 pm daily. These are really cool deals (hence the 4 stars). I really miss the Neonopolis theater for this reason (it was cheaper, less crowded, and parking was validated/free). For currents listings, check the website: www.ravemotionpictures.com.Oh yeah, the nice thing about this particular night (tues) was that the commute home with no traffic on the freeway, was 10 minutes.
4	$6 Dollar Tuesday WHAT A DEAL! I went here to watch a movie on Tuesday night with my boyfriend. The line was super short and quick so once we got to the cashier we asked for 2 tickets and she said okay $12 dollars. So we said oh no 2 tickets (thinking she must've miss heard us). To my surprise she said its $6 dollar Tuesday, where tickets are half off and some foods are half off. What a great deal! Apparently it'll be $6 Tuesday until summer hours. The place was super clean even the bath rooms. The seats were very comfy and they leaned back, with cup holders and a mini table. The movie picture was very clear and the sound was perfect. Made my movie experience that much better. Only bad thing that I hate about movie theaters is ... all theaters are SUPER SUPER COLD. I'm always freezing.
5	Out of all the theaters in Vegas, Rave is by far my favorite. It is not close to me at all, but when I go watch a movie I like it to be somewhere I like. The seats are great, sound quality, and all that good movie stuff. My favorite is the fact I can eat, shop, and each a movie without having to drive to each. Well, that's about it awesome theatre, and environment. Location! Location! Location!Oh BTW... I just found out Tuesdays are only $6!!! SIX DOLLARS! Now I don't have to go to station casinos for that deal.-PJ
4	Although it usually takes an act of God for me to see a movie, this is the spot to do it! My favorite movie theater in Vegas, Rave has nice theaters, good snacks and nice staff. What else can you really ask for? First off what other movie theater provides entertainment AND exercise? Because exercise it what you'll get hoofing up the stairs to the front door. Once upstairs, there are your usual box office lines and a few electronic ticket machines. Hint: There's also one or two machines on the ground floor by the stairs, sometimes they work, sometimes they don't, ah the suspense! Buy your ticket and you're on your way indoors! The snacks aren't anything earth shattering and sure you'll probably spend more on those treats than you did for the actual movie but it is what it is. Note the fancy popcorn flavor shakers by the napkins! The theaters are always relatively clean (I mean it wouldn't be a movie without your sneaker getting stuck in something at least once, right?) and the seats are comfy. Get there early/on time because some of the theaters aren't gargantuan. The screens are high quality...I mean I'm no expert but they DO display an impressive swooshy "hey you're about to see some real ish in DIGITAL, homies!" before every movie so that's good enough for me. The one puzzling thing about this theater is you can't buy tickets on Fandango. It's forcing me to take my business to South Point for the upcoming Hunger Games epicness. Meh.Overall a good spot to catch a flick and bonus, tons of places to eat, shop or drink before or after your cinematic experience.
5	best movie theatre in vegas. (their flavored popcorn is a bonus too! caramel, nacho cheese, white cheddar, and garlic parmesan) gone were the days when we used to watch movies at redrock or at the palms. it's clean, no long lines, and it's super close to my house.
4	This movie theater is my favorite one to go to in Las Vegas. They tend to host the most midnight premieres, have a wonderful selection of box office favorites with a wide array of play times, and always have the AC blasting. Good for the summer months. My favorite things are their kiosk movie ticket stations so that you can just skip the long line and head straight in. If you choose to do reserved seating, you can do so on these kiosks and they take card only. Anything that gets me into the movie theater faster is better!I was also pleasantly surprised to find out that movie tickets on Tuesdays are only $5 but this offer will only be available for a few more months.I never really hit the concession stand, but when I do, the large popcorn with drink and a pretzel is the way to go! This isn't one of their posted combos though, it is just what I like. They have everything you need including popcorn seasoning on the sides. This area is always kept clean and if there was a spill then the employees always rush to clean it up right away. The movie theaters are always clean but sometimes it gets a little too chilly for me so I try to remember to have a cardigan with me. The screens are big and wide and the sound is perfect. So treat yourself to a fun night out at the Rave movie theater in Town Square and afterwards you can always hit up the froyo place right outside.
5	Great place to watch a film.  They also have a reservation system now that is awsome!  You go on line and reserve a seat!  Works great.....
4	What can you say its a movie theater. Popcorn tasted fresh and seats were comfy
4	Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (34 of 365). I have a lot of catching up to do!1 star = for hardly ever being crowded.  I just came her this past weekend to watch the Hunger Games.  They are smart to play the movie every 45 minutes.  The theatre was packed, but there were more options within the hour if you didn't want to sit right smack in front of the screen2 stars = for comfortable seating.  They have the love seats with the arm rests that go up to sit comfortably with your date.3 stars = they offer party rooms for kid's birthdays4 stars = good selection of food, even popcorn flavors.Lacks the 5th star because they will watch you like a hawk if you bring in anything from outside; including drinks, snacks, and food!  So hide them in your girlfriend's purse!
5	I've been going to this theatre ever since it opened.   It's been my favorite theatre here in Las Vegas.  The location of Rave Motion Pictures for me is a sure plus. Because at Town Square there is lots to do, shopping, eating, drinking, or just hangout and to do a little browsing, here and there. I was just going to give it a 4 star rating. But I now rate it at 5 stars all the way.  I recently discovered that Rave Motion Pictures has (ages 21 and up) shows.  So when you're looking at Showtimes, look for the shows that have (21+) next to the movie title.  This means you can order cocktails/alcohol beverages inside the theatre itself from a cocktail server. Cash or Credit Cards accepted. I was so happy to find that out.  So I order a Jack on the rocks. The Bar is located to the left of where you give your tickets. The Lounge area on the side. I'm not sure if you can buy the drinks straight from the bar, I'll have to get back on that one.  But if we can buy from the bar too.  That would make it even better.  Finally you can drink cocktails inside the theatre.  The seats are reserved seating, so when you get your tickets at the window, you can choose where to sit. Upon entering the theatre you will be shown to you seats. The seat number(s) you chose will be on your ticket stub. This kinda works because people won't usually get  seats next to you, if the show isn't too crowded. I left my Bar Tab open, So not even the middle of the movie my cocktail server returned and brought my second drink, Then took orders from other movie goers.  How sweet is that?????!!!!
5	Favorite theater in town. They always have tons of showings and the seats are clean and comfortable. They also have a special where you can get tickets for $6 on Tuesdays which is awesome. On certain days they have bar service and 21+ up showings (you know that new movie you want to see but don't want to sit with a bunch of kids?). The 21+ up showings are at no extra cost either.
4	I love Rave! The location is great near so many different food and shopping places its a wonderful way to help spend an afternoon. In addition the theater itself is pretty new so the seats still look really nice and entrance itself is decent. But.. Thats not what I love about Rave.. What keeps me coming back is the 21+ theater. Why haven't more places adopted this feature?!?! I can go to the movies...With no screaming babies!!! ANNNNND have a cocktail while i'm there!!! Count me in! To play a little bit of devils advocate is the only thing I dislike about this place is the same reason I love this place.. the location!! The parking situation sucks ... bad!! If you go to a late night movie you do feel a little tingle down your spine walking out b/c you're NEVER parked close to the theater but otherwise..its Tops..!!
4	A wide vairety of movies with lots of showtimes, nice plus!! This theater is fairly new so the sound is crisp and the screens are beautiful, all surrounded in a contemporary design. Theater was clean and tidy, the seats were comfy and roomy, and the temperature was just right.Note: you get what you pay for, $10.75 a ticket mid-week night just FYI.
5	U can't beat $6 movie prices all day on Tuesdays....  Red Vines and a coke, youre good to go :)
5	This is an excellent movie theater. The theaters are kept clean. I don't drink alcohol but they started serving alcoholic drinks by the concession stand. (It was good for my friends that wanted to get a little buzzed before the movie starts.)
5	This theater deserves a 5. The seats are amazing comfortable. I feels like first class seats of a Delta airliner. They have a great atmosphere. This theater is up there quality wise.
4	If you are lucky enough to aquire free advanced screeing passes to movies as I have been in the past, then you know how great that is.  The screenings I have been to at Rave have been exceptional (The Mist, Sherlock Holmes: Game of Shadows, and The Dictator).  I have been to screenings else where but none compare to those at Rave.  The theatres are huge.  The seating is comfortable.  I don't think I've ever noticed a sticky floor.  It has always been clean.  It is a very modern looking theatre and is state of the art in every way.  The last screening I went to had complimentary popcorn and soda provided by Rave.  They treat the customer in a courteous and friendly manner.  If I lived closer to Rave and if I was willing to pay $12 or so to catch a flick, I would make Rave my theatre of choice.
5	I think Rave has become my favorite movie house again. Temporarily anyway.The reason? Reserved seating. And for the same price as a regular ticket. Gone are the days of having to arrive early and wait in line to assure yourself a good seat. No. For The Avengers last night, I merely purchased our tickets at the kiosk outside a few days earlier. I picked a trio of seats in row K on the right side of the middle section. And not a moment too soon--there weren't a whole lot of seats left in the middle section.Granted, there were people in our seats when we arrived. Then again, we didn't arrive until almost exactly midnight. It wasn't a big deal. They had to move. It's not rocket science. (I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and perhaps it wasn't explained).Now, if only Rave served shawarmas.
5	This is by far my family's favorite theater. The stadium seats are comfortable, the atmosphere is nice, the sound and picture quality is also better than most. The only issue we have is that they don't sell large slurpies, their large is the same size as Regal cinemas small. BUt even with that being said its still the best set up in town.
5	My favorite movie theater. Comfortable seats!! Clean!! Right in the middle of TownSquare, the best outdoor shopping mall in Vegas!
1	I do not recommend this place at all.. I lost my iphone here and when I tracked it back to the theater with "find iphone" all the sudden my phone was turned off, but I seen it was still there at the theater so when I talked to management they told me to go look in the theater 6 myself and see if it was there. I knew it was not going to be there because someone physical turned it off and one of those little rotten kids had it. This is the second time I have had a problem here so here so this is it. I will not ever support this place ever again and I will pass this message on to as many multimedia platforms as possible. So this is the downright truth about this place all the employees are disrespectful and very dishonest they will pass judgment on you so fast to try to get you thrown out of the theater to feel like they have accomplished something, mind you both parties loose in this situation because nothing get handled and they are kids that don't know what to do or how to handle situations. If you lose something here you better know that you will not get it back.
2	FALSE ADVERTISING!!!! My husband and I USED TO think this was the BEST MOVIE THEATRE IN TOWN!!! As Las Vegas Natives we have seen places come and go for many years. Just Monday we heard about the all day $5 movies and $4 Nachos/Hotdog Combo Tuesdays. So we decided to make it our cheap new "date night" every week. We were there yesterday around 6pm. We waited in line for the consession stand for about 15 minutes and then we were told  "There are no hotdogs ready for that combo, you will have to wait anouther 15 minutes" WHAT WAIT ANOTHER 15 MINUTES? WHO EVER GETS TO THE THEATRE 30+ MINUTES EARLY? I mean the place was busy and we were not the only people angry about the combo not being available. If this place is going to advertise these cheap deals to get you there then turn around and sell you more expensive things . . .  THAT IS CRAP! Don't you think with a deal that good a LOT of people would want it? We ended up buying ONE Nachos for $6.50 since we were already running late for the movie from waiting in line. When I said something about no combos the consession girl rolled her eyes and said DO YOU WANT ANYTHING ELSE? very rude. Yeah I guess if all people got to the movies 30+ MINUTES EARLY it wouldn't have been a big deal. They have reserved seating which in my opinion means you do not have to show up extra early in order for a good seat etc. No wonder why people sneak food into these places. FALSE ADVERTISING!!!! I hope it was just the fault of the young teens working there, because my husband and I have decided to try it one more time next Tuesday. If it FAILS again we are taking our business else where from now on! In one year of going every Tuesday for $5 they get $480 from our tickets alone!
4	Close proximity to Sephora and reasonable dining establishments have been what's kept me coming back to Rave, but my latest visit revealed a showstopper of a feature. They now offer a more enjoyable experience for adults with 21+ movie theaters and a bar. A bar. At a movie theater. I mean, do other movie theaters even exist now?If you've been to this theater you know that it's ruled by the Selena Gomez/Justin Bieber set. They're everywhere-noisy, obnoxious, breakdancing at the bottom of the stairs, sometimes at the top blocking you from entering the theater and then heckling you for asking them to move. (Don't lie, you've wished for one of them to breakdance right down a few flight of stairs). I realize how old and crotchety this makes me sound, but sometimes I just want to go to a movie and not be bothered with these unsupervised, ill-mannered juveniles. Well now, you have the option (if you're over 21), to avoid this inside of the theater. Bieber generation-free movie watching? Sold!The prices are the same for 21+ movies and you can purchase drinks at the bar (across from concessions) and be escorted, yes escorted, to the theater. Once inside the theater, you can continue ordering drinks until the movie starts! I repeat, do any other movie theaters exist?? My only ding is that the drink prices are steep. If I want to pay $11 for a jack and coke, why can't I just sneak one in from Yard House? However, the novelty of purchasing and consuming alcoholic beverages in a theater isn't lost on me. Also, the 21+ theater (the one we were in at least) was smaller than the other theaters, but wasn't an issue.This theater offers the sweet deal of $5 Tuesdays so on those days a pricey drink may not sting the wallet so much. So let's recap. 21+ theater. Bar. $5 Tuesdays. Yes, yes and yes.
5	Once in a while, I like to take myself out on a date. The date always goes well, and I get to chow down on movie popcorn (without the creepy wannabe butter, which by the way, don't eat it). Trust me, the small popcorn is worth the 400 calories.Any movie theater that serves White Castle hamburgers immediately gets a star. Even if the burgers are possibly frozen and then reheated before they reach your hands, they still serve White Castle Burgers, and anyone from a city where White Castle exists knows the happiness that WC Burgers can bring to your night. One of my favorite part of this theater is that on Tuesdays all movies are $5!!! WHAT?!? Now, the 3D movies are something like $7-$8, but there are few movies worth seeing in 3D. Also, there is a hot dog and nacho combo for $5 on Tuesdays, so if you like fake cheese and tube steaks, this is perfect for you!Some movies at Rave are 21+. What this means to you is that while you're sitting, eating all your food and popcorn before the previews even start, a gorgeous cocktail waitress comes over to you and inquires if you would like an $11 drink. I know. A little steep, but hey, when it is super strong and delicious and served to me while I'm watching The Avengers, I will go with it. You can also grab a drink before going into the theater at the bar area in front of the concession stand. Perfect location.So, while you're sitting a super comfy, squishy stadium seat (like the one you pay $100+ for in the big kid theater), sipping on your $11 vodka cranberry, eating your $5 hot dog and nacho combo and putting your $5 ticket in your purse, you will feel satisfied and enjoy your movie...even if it stars a bunch of kids running around dressed like vampires and playing baseball.
5	By far my favorite theater in Las Vegas. Anywhere really.A very brief jaunt away is the Yard House where you can consume a glorious variety of fermented beverages. Town Square contains a diversity of quality eateries if you're not of the beer-swilling persuasion. The Rave itself is very clean and well-presented with a spacious lobby (where they are apparently building a bar) and well organized wings of theatres. The concession stand contains the standard fair of dramatically overpriced goods but they don't make you pay for popcorn seasonings (yay) and it's worth mentioning they have toyed "happy meals" for the kids during certain appropriate cinematic openings.The screens themselves are of high quality and I have never noticed non-3D dimming on any of the digital projectors. Never have I had an issue with projection quality. I was originally skeptical to see they had European style assigned seating available but it comes in handy for midnight releases. Rave does these quite well too.It's not the Alamo Drafthouse but if you're looking for a standard theater this wins.
5	$5 movies on Tuesdays. And a FULL BAR inside the theatres!Makes watching boring movies, like BattleShit worth watching :pWaitresses/waiters even walk u and ur drinks to ur theatres.
3	The theater is nice, so is the staff. It seems every time we try this theater it is full of misbehaved children, yelling and crying during the movie. At Century Theaters they have an employee walk through the theater as the movie is playing to make sure all is as it should be. Every theater should do this! =)
4	So when The Hunger Games came out, I booked tickets in advance for this theater and didn't realize what a DELIGHTFUL time was in store for me. Note, I am not being sarcastic. Here is what happened- somehow, without realizing it, I booked tickets for a 21+ showing. So we are standing at the door, waiting to have our IDs checked, and my husband, jokingly, asks the guy at the door, "What, do they have a bar in there or something?"YUP, THEY DO!Well, actually the bar is in the lobby. But there are cocktail waitresses in the theater. Yes. In the theater.So, not only were we spared the obnoxious teenage crowds that undoubtedly plagued other showings of the movie, we got to drink. Booze. And we never had to leave our seats. Which is a good thing, by the way, because the seats are comfy. The theater is spacious, and there are plenty of fun things to do in the surrounding mall before or after your movie.
4	I'm not really a movie-going type of girl, but I must say, the Rave theatre (and a good flick) might change my mind.  The screen and sound quality were quite good, the theatre was very clean and well organized-- but the seats! They are plush, comfortable, and there's lots of leg room! It is almost as good as watching a movie in the comfort of my home. I didn't purchase any snacks, as I'm fundamentally opposed to overpaying for food in such a gross fashion, but I did notice the popcorn toppings, which I thought was a pretty neat amenity. If I go to another movie in an actual theatre anytime soon, I'd go back to the Rave!
3	I'm usually a RedBox kinda gal since I'm pretty obsessed with my ability to pause and rewind, not to mention I prefer to be sprawled out in my pajamas, but a movie theater night every now and then is always a fun way to spend a few hours.As far as the usual theater concerns go, Rave meets and exceeds most expectations.  It has stadium seating, it's pretty clean, the ticket line moves pretty fast, they do 3D, great location at Town Square, the facility is pretty modern and well-kept.  There are a few unique things that are fun and interesting too...They have assigned seating (which to some is awesome and to others, it's annoying).  The way it works is you pick your seats on a touch-screen when you pay for your ticket.  Also, they have 21+ showings, which are showings for people age 21 and up.  If you go to one of those, you can order alcoholic beverages to enjoy during your movie viewing experience!  I will admit, I can see that making the loud and obnoxious even more loud and obnoxious, but we didn't have that problem last night during our experience.  Though we didn't order any intoxicating libations, the cocktail waitress lady told us the drinks ranged in price from $7-11.  Also, I think they do student discounts on Wednesday with your college ID.So about our experience last night...Well, they do this AWESOME thing at Rave...it's $5 Tuesdays with your local ID.  We'd never taken advantage of this fantastic deal before, so my husband and I were pretty excited about it.  When we got to the ticket booth, the cashier helping us (and I use the term "helping" loosely) refused to use her little speaker thingy so we couldn't hear a word she said.  Her lips were moving behind the glass, but we're not lip readers (shame on us!), so it made our verbal exchange very difficult and awkward.  My husband repeatedly told her he couldn't hear her.  She rolled her eyes and treated us like we were the biggest inconvenience of her life.  Like I said, we'd never been there on $5 Tuesday, so my husband told her which movie we wanted to see and asked if she needed to see his local ID for the deal.  She continued her impression of a TV show on mute (with more eye-rolls), gestured toward the touch screen so we could pick our seats, then when my husband slid $10 through the slot to pay, she pointed at our total which was $15.  He inquired why she didn't honor the $5 deal.  Well by this time, she's exasperated with us, we're totally confused and annoyed with her demeanor toward us (I seriously felt stupid that buying a movie ticket could be this complicated).  We think she said something about it being a 21+ showing...we had no idea.  Ok.  Fine.  We just wanted to leave Miss Grouchy to her little glass box and go watch our movie.  Maybe we just didn't realize the 21+ showings were more expensive.  We pay, go in...my husband asked the ticket taker if we were charged correctly.  The guy said "I'm not sure.  I'm sorry."  I get it, he didn't have time to sort through our problem as there was a line of people he needed to get through.  It was the guy who checked our ticket to direct us to our seats that was our hero.  He informed us that he was pretty sure ALL showings were $5 and advised us to go get our money back.  Well, to make this already LONG story not as long as it could be, we talked to one of the staff members near the front and she quickly and courteously took our tickets, went into the ticket booth and came back with our money.  She was awesome!  So, our faith restored, we went in and enjoyed the rest of our movie experience.
4	Just a quick update to my Rave review. I feel as though they have sorted out the issues I complained about in my previous review and our many subsequent visits have been excellent. I was even contacted by someone in their head office offering me a free ticket due to my single poor experience; although, I preferred not to out myself as the complainer by collecting my freebies from the box office.They have some neat specials here on various days of the week. One day, Wednesdays perhaps, students get in for five bucks. They even accepted my ID card from my Australian university of which I am an external student.Great cinema complex, extremely comfortable, modern theatres. I like that they have shows starting up until midnight every night of the week. No complaints at all.
5	kool place. select showings have bar service and selective reserved seating wich is awesome. new to me havnt seen any of these types of theatres in cali. other than that its just like any other movie theatre.
1	There is something to be said that customer service is dead. Well Rave Motion Pictures is officially dead to me after their management team literally LAUGHED in the faces of my husband and I tonight after we wanted to see a film. Did we see that film? No. Did we leave the theater a steamy mix of pissed off and slightly murderous if it wasn't for all the soothing essential oils left upon my person after leaving work? Yes!This is what I posted on their Facebook wall: "Great job Rave! Oh, that's sarcasm by the way. You turned my husband away with our Hollywood Movie Money due to a glitch, and your manager LAUGHED in our faces when we told him that the customer service line was closed for the evening. We wasted gas and we wasted our time and left without seeing a film. There's nothing you could do? No, you could have provided customer service to people who patronize your theater about two times a week. My husband even works in the mall too and I know for sure his store gives exceptional customer service! Shame on you. I have never been so irate and embarrassed in my life and I refuse to ever step foot in your theater again. Trust me this will be cross-posted to Yelp, all of my friends on Facebook, and The Consumerist. I hope your manager gets fired for treating my husband and I the way you did tonight. I will never, ever speak highly of your theater again. Maybe you should see how Jay Jay Coulter of Brenden Theatres manages her customer service issues because you need a LOT of training."Don't get me wrong. I try to see the good in people. I myself am in the customer service industry and therefore know how to treat customers. I don't believe I have ever called for someone to be fired before, but if you laugh in my face, KNOWING ALREADY THERE IS AN ISSUE WITH THESE PASSES AND HAVE TURNED AWAY CUSTOMERS EARLIER IN THE DAY WITHOUT TRYING TO FIX OR PACIFY THE ISSUE, THEN PEOPLE NEED TO GET THEIR JOBS TAKEN AWAY FROM THEM BECAUSE THEY OBVIOUSLY CANNOT DO FUNCTIONS OF THEIR CUSTOMER SERVICE JOB CORRECTLY!!!Seriously Rave. Good job. You have pissed me off so severely that I will spit in the direction of your theater if I ever have any sort of business in Town Square again. And I'm a lady.
5	Best movie theater during the summer.In the past, I used to dislike Rave because it was highly crowded, expensive, and touristy. But they just blew my hat off with all the great movie promotions they've been having this summer. There's a little something for everybody; matinee-goers, students, and casino workers. I work at a casino property so I enjoy the $8 movie ticket price, all day long :D For the record, its $6 everyday before 2pm and $5 for students (with valid ID) on Wednesday. It may be subject to change so find out before you go.It's still highly crowded and touristy, and it seems like the summertime has sent more people flocking here lately. Parking can be hectic but it's doable. Once you're inside, the theaters have some of the greatest screen qualities. Theatre is very clean and well-kept. I'm not really into 3D movies but this place is great for it!I usually go to The Orleans to watch my movies, or the West-Wind Drive-In Theaters if I feel more adventurous. However, this place is definitely going to be my number one choice for movies this summer. The big screens, clean facilities and location is definitely growing on me. Great venue, I'm sure you'll like it!
5	This movie theater really is the best theater ever! The Staff is friendly, helpful, and just amazing!!!! I realize that movies are just movies, but this theater is clean and offers $5 movies on tuesdays. They offer special discounts for students and casino workers allowing benefits for locals - which I appreciate. Town sqaure is already a tourist trap with all the outdoor shopping, but Rave is definitely the best place to watch a movie. The atmosphere of this place is just vibrant. This theater is the most accommadating theater in Vegas. Take it from me, a las vegas local. I come here to watch movies every week living near aliante. But the drive is worth it!
3	I've changed my review from four to three and back several times. This theater isn't great, but it's not horrible. Bathrooms are not super clean, at least the times I have been there. Kind of far from the things that I normally like in Town Square, but it has the large free parking lot nearby that makes up for it. (I HATE paying those meters in Town Square.) Pretty decent deals throughout the week as well--I pretty much refuse to pay full price for a movie no matter what city I'm in. As others have said, there are LOTS of teenagers here. I am rarely up here because it's far from where I live, but it's not a bad place to see a movie.
3	There are many movie theaters in Las Vegas.So why choose Rave??It is in Town Center, so the proximity to our 2 major free ways is perfect for meeting up with others. Also, there are some great restaurants and stores in the shopping center, allowing you to spend half the day there as part of your movie outing.Of course, the theater is large, comfy and generally well maintained.Also, the midnight movies hosted by Maximum Comics are great!!Because it is in a busy location, it is always well staffed. I have never waited long to get tickets or snacks. The folks who work there are typically pleasant and fun.Why skip Rave?It is always crowded. It's the unfortunate byproduct of all of the pros. As a popular theater that is easy to get to, EVERYONE goes here. I have scarcely enjoyed an entire movie without interruptions by cell phones, loud talking and rude, discourteous people. Chances are, a bad movie going experience just developed as a scene in your mind... yes, it is just like that.Rave is good... If you are like me, it is not your first choice.
4	Rave is a great movie theater if you want to avoid having to walk through a casino to watch a movie in Vegas. Its very clean and they have some great deals such as student discounts and $5 Tuesdays. They even had a deal where if you presented this flyer, you'd get free popcorn. I also liked the reserved seating option as it eliminated the need to fight with others over seats especially when friends and I came in larger groups. The only down side is that it can get very crowded but it's to be expected with such a popular place.
5	We watched ted on a tuesday night!- convenient. you can buy your ticket at a kiosk. only cc- $5 bucks! SO CHEAP! you'll never get that in socal.- comfortable seating! stadium- no cell phone going off on a late showing?! omg...- they got nachos/hot dog for $4. - remember to go to walgreens b4 you hit up the theatre! lol
5	$5 on Tuesdays, even at night, seriously cannot be beaten.The fact that this is a clean, new-appearing theater complex (even though it's been open for a few years) just makes it sweeter. I am quite intrigued by the different color scheme of the interior decor in the hallways. No other place that I've been to has green and pink lining the walls. As for the theater itself, love the seats, love that the volume wasn't excessively loud, love how the screen size was just right when we were a few rows up in the main section. It was not that crowded for the third week of release of the popular movie that is The Amazing Spider-Man.It's a good idea to get here early. Parking is not impossible if you're willing to walk or if you get lucky, but Town Square is pretty popular. Best way to get here is to approach on Sunset, go past the Strip, then turn left at the first light, right at the stop sign, and left later in the direction of the theater (you can't miss it). There's plenty of stairwells to get up to the entrance.
5	I think best Theater in Vegas!
5	5 dollar Tuesdays... Yay!
5	I love the Rave Theater!!! They have modern facilities, automated ticket kiosks and a full bar. Really a full bar what other movie theater has that! Also they offer great discounts, Tuesday's are $6 and they also offer student and casino worker discounts.
4	This is the only place I'd go to for midnight screenings. Like everyone else have mentioned, their specials are quite awesome: $5 Tuesday, $5 Wednesday w/ student ID, and I think $7 casino employees? Orleans used to be my favorite place to watch movies (it's the closest and they have kettle corn) but since Rave opened at Town Square, even before the discounted prices, my friends and I've enjoyed coming here. The theater itself feels very high-tech and modern. Plus, I'm actually tired of having to enter a casino just to watch a movie.
4	this is my theater of choice in Vegas!$5 Tuesdays, $5 w/ Student IDs on Wednesdays and $8 special for casino employees with ID$4 Hot Dog & Nachos Combo on Tuesdaysnewer and cleaner theater.  they have reserved seating available but it's only for selected movies.  I miss ArcLight and the Bridge in LA, where there is reserved seating and leather director's seating.
4	This was never my theater of choice just because it's a little out of the way for me and I don't like dealing with all the crowds of people. However, Rave has $5 Tuesdays now. ALL DAY every Tuesday, movies are only 5 bucks! It's definitely worth the trip if you aren't able to make matinee showtimes. I went around 6pm today. The line was pretty long, but it went by very fast. I wouldn't recommend going any later than 7pm because I heard the line gets pretty ridiculous for the last few showings. The theater was clean, as usual, and the seats were very comfy. Overall, a great experience, but I think I'll only come here on Tuesdays from now on!
5	By far THE best movie theatre I've ever been to. I've been to damn near every single movie theatre in Vegas, so I know I'm right, lol.The seats they offer are by far the best in town, GREAT leg room, GREAT comfortable seats!The prices are hard to beat too. I mean, damn near everyone works in a casino, so all you gotta do is flash your employee ID and BAM!! 8$ Tickets. They even have $5 tickets ALL DAY tuesday. I've yet to encounter a crappy employee, even if they are high school students, they've been trained well.And come on, they even sell liquor!I haven't gone to another theatre in over a year, I am on happy loyal theatre rat!
1	The girl at the ticket counter was rude, uninterested in our services. took our money, gave the tickets, and picked up her iphone and continues to play with it before we even had a chance to take the tickets. The snack center has long waits, they're not rude, but just take a little while to get through everyone. The ticket ripper ripped my stub right in half and mumbled where to find my theater, makes it hard to keep stubs for memories when you cant read what it says on them. There's no complaints i have with the actual theaters but the process of getting to them suck making it hard to go back.
4	The best movie place in Vegas. Centrally located, great shopping center, and plenty of restaurants to eat and drink at before and after the movies.
4	I really like this place and come here whenever they have advance movie screeners.  Located in Town Square off Las Vegas Blvd.  Rave Motion Pictures is in the back and probably could be seen while passing by on I-15. I like how it's decorated on the outside.  Not sure how I like the inside and concession stand in the middle.  But I do like that they have concession stands on either end of the theater, whenever they are open, and make it easier for people to get food, instead of walking far to the center.  I like the fact that they have specials here and there and it seems like they get a lot of business.  I also like that they have a 21+ theater where they serve alcohol.  Not sure if they still do that, but it was nice when they did.  In some of the theaters, I do like seating in the back row, since it tends to be a bit more room. What I dislike about the theater, probably cause it's kind of new.  It might catch on, but I'm not use to picking my seats upfront.  Kind of nice in a way to reserve seats.  But I also notice, when we were in the theater, not many people follow that system and pick any seat.  Next thing you got is people complaining that their seat were taken.  So reserving seats and people not following their reserved seats, may cause conflict.  I like having a space between the wife and I so we can share the popcorn.  But with picking seats, it won't allow us to pick separate seats and have to be in the seat next to each other.  Overall, one of the theaters I highly recommend when you get a chance to stop by.  The specials they have for casino employees, military and seniors are very good.  I'm sure there are more specials during the week.  But probably have to go there to see for yourself.  If you ever get into a theater that you got to pick your own seats.  Don't be surprise if some one has your seats cause there are some people who just don't follow that rule.
4	i always have enjoyed watching movies in stadium seating, never have had a bad experience. comfy seating, spacious,  you can always find some sort of deal for a cheap movie. Located next to multiple restaurants and bars which is  very convenient when socializing before and after a movie.
5	Awesome place ... Best movie theater I've seen so far
1	Horrible customer service.  I will never come here again!!!!
4	I live closer to GVR and Southpoint..why choose a theater that is a little further from me?? Simple. Price and quality.Rave totally  got my business when they came up (to match GVR) with movie tuesdays for 5 bucks..they took it to the next level and made it all day errrrrrry daaay 8 bucks for casino employees..wel guess who works at one? yep MEEE.Also, for a while their fb group was doing free medium popcorn. that right there is a 5 dollars saving . The quality of the screens is legit.Best one in town. Love the sound as well and the seats (specially when you get those oversized ones ) The 21+ room is pretty cool too because you pre arrange your seat not worrying about showing up early to fight your way for a good spot inside the theater while having a big o beer or a glass of whiskey.So for a while me and my friend were going in for 16 dollars, get 2 movie tickets and two popcorns .That was 20 dollars below your normal price!! And this didnt sacrifice quality. Win win situation.Location is a a double-edged sword, as for me, I am not a fan of town square and its increasing amount of douchebagness  clientele that mimics strip hotel clubs . Good for eye candy though.It is also annoying to be going in circles for like 15 minutes to find a spot that is not 2 miles away on the weekends or on tuesdays . For others this might be a benefit if you like the stores/restaurants close to the theater.Advice : check their fb group for coupons , also there is no limit of how many tickets your caisno friend can get . I usually get them for my whole group.
5	It's kind of hard to say this about a movie theater but Rave is hands down the best theater in town.  And you can't beat $5 Tuesdays.  My family and I went recently for the UNLV Alumni private showing of Frankenweenie.  Staff was friendly, seats are crazy comfortable and the sound is not over powering as I find in some.  We don't live close to the theater which is why we only go there on special occasions but we enjoy it every time.
3	UPDATED - now that Rave Motion Pictures no longer owns this theater and AMC does it is better managed and worth a look. Much improved over my original review.Fancy building staffed with bored, lazy teenagers who couldn't possibly care less if you're enjoying the movie. Highly over-rated. The so-called managers are teenagers who are rude, inattentive and dismissive.  I've had several bad experiences here. I won't be back. On my last trip, I had a coupon from the Town Square valet which the theater refused to honor. I asked the young girl running the show if she felt good about treating her customers this way. She said she didn't care.  Combine this with high prices, a perpetually understaffed business and 25 min of commercials and you will be ready to move on to another theater.
4	I wasn't always a fan of this theater because one of the times my husband and I chose to take our kids, it was an extra dollar or two a ticket, just for being on the strip.  However, we've really come to enjoy the $5 Tuesday deal they have each week.  We get to see brand new movies for prices I remember from high school!  Really nice theaters and they keep it really clean, as well.  Even though we don't drink, either, the 21 and older movies they have later on are pretty fun to go into, just so you don't have to deal with obnoxious teenagers  :)
5	Really nice! I was visiting from California and I always keep Rave passes from Costco in my glove box ($5.50 tickets!!!) so when we saw there was a Rave in Las Vegas we decided that would be the go-to theater. I wanted to see Atlas pt.2 and some other movie the next day. The first visit was GREAT. They had super plush comfortable seating with huge arm rest with little tables. AMAZING! The second visit was good but the seats were just regular =(. Got me all spoiled and used to the nice ones and took t them away! lol Good place to see a movie!
5	Rave is an awesome place.  The movies are always a good time but Rave enhances each element just a little bit more than your typical theater.  Better seats, better popcorn, way better audio, way better clarity.  I wish Rave was affiliated with Regal though so I could get my points!
5	I was dragged here by family to Rave Theaters at Town Square to watch the movie Argo and I wasn't interested at all. But I didn't want to be the downer in the party so I sucked it up and went along. The exterior design of the theater looks very modern compared to AMC and being from California, we mostly have AMC's and Edwards theaters.I liked looking at the movie posters on the wall inside the lobby and the staff were friendly. Walking around it's not as big but the I like the design with the kids play area and a separate private  exit from the entrance when the hordes of movie goers come to watch.  I'm glad to have experienced Rave Motion Theater and plan on coming back whenever I'm in Vegas.
4	Came here a few weeks ago and was disappointed to see that they got rid of the bar.Well...last night I came to watch the movie Argo and was pleased that the bar was back AND the theatre was strictly for 21+. Obviously so they can cater to everyone in the theatre and didn't have to worry about underage drinking.Surely made the experience that much better. Must've refilled twice during the movie =)
1	I can understand no one in a movie under 21 where liqueur is sold. But if your going to be strict on that then also do your other job and keep kids under the age of 10 out of R rated movies
1	This was my third visit since this summer. The theater is in a beautiful mall called Town Square. The concession stand, restrooms and theater have no standards for cleanliness. I assumed the first visit was just one of those days but the second and third time is no excuse. I second guessed purchasing anything from the concession stand. Looked like a health hazard. The restroom looked and smelled like it hasn't been cleaned or restocked since my first visit in June. The theater we were told would not be ready for another 10 minutes for cleaning only to find popcorn in the seats and scattered on the floor. I would hate to see what it really looks like with the lights on. I wanted to burn my shoes when I got home. Shame on the management for allowing low level standards.
4	This probably my favorite movie theater but I feel like its been going down hill over the past few months. The good stuff is pretty much the fact that its a newer theater located in Town Square so its really convinient. On top of that, they offer $5 deals on tuedays for everyone, and students for $5 on wednesday. However, one of the things the management here loves to do is have only 1-2 ticket sellers on busy days so expect long lines on the weekends.The only reason that this place doesn't get 5 whole stars is because of the idiots who work there. Words cannot describe how incompetent some of these employees are. Perfect example: one of the waitresses from the "bar" that they decided to put in their "lounge" decides to walk into the theater 5 minutes into the movie and starts yelling "COCKTAILS?" multiple times until some wise moviegoer finally tells her to STFU. I mean really? why would you start advertising drinks after the movie has already started?Another issue besides that ghetto bar with its over-priced drinks is the fact that nobody there can clean a bathroom, they restrooms in this place are disgusting. The smells, the stains, ugh... But yeah this place would be amazing if they actually had some useful employees.I know it seems odd to give a place 4/5 stars but having a review which is full of complaints. This is simply because most of the time, Rave offers a great movie going experience, defintely one of the best in town. Just lately they've been slippin....
4	A friend and I came by to check out the new Breaking Dawn part 2 movie.  I know, I'm lame...The great thing about it was that "the saga" is now finished!The chairs are stadium style and have a slight recline option and the arm rests pull up, so you're literally able to lay across a few chairs. I thought they were super comfortable and I really like the leg room.  That way when people walk past to go to the bathroom, you're able to move out of their way comfortably. I like the ticket kiosks that allow you to literally cut in line. There are food stations in the middle and at the end of both hallways.  The bathrooms were a little stink and smelled like urine, which I guess should be a given. I just noticed a more prominent smell.  I definitely think these theaters are one of the top notch theaters we have here.  I didn't feel like I spent 2 hours my day in a theater because of the comfortable chairs.  Check em out!!
5	Love this place
4	Probably my favorite theater we have here in vegas.
5	Out of all the theaters in Vegas I gotta give it up to Rave. Honestly, they are the best place in Vegas to catch a movie. From their spacious, cushy seats, to the perfect location, you can't beat seeing a movie here.The movie theater sets atop a staircase above Town Square, like a lofty God it looks down upon its meandering patrons and other stores. It's an adventure to climb the stairs knowing you are about to sit down for some awesomeness (hopefully) and emerge with  wonderment at your most recent movie viewing.The seats are HUGE compared to other movie theater seats. It's awesome and the arm rests provide a ton of room to put your popcorn and drink on. You feel like you're in your own little place while watching movie, displaced from the others in the theater.Rave also provides loyalty cards, so if you don't have one - get one! I don't even go to the movies that often, but I know I would love to accumulate enough movies to get a free showing. Now that's something everyone can enjoy. Loyalty cards, perfect location, spacious seating. What more to ask for? The customer service has been good here too, never have I had a rude individual or been put-off by the employees. Overall it's good - it's as good as it gets!
5	First visited this movie theater when we moved to Las Vegas from Orange County and I was very impressed. The location is amazing with all the shopping and food available to enjoy before you flick! The first time I went with my bf they were introducing their new alcohol bar which was kind of nice. At the time it was just a small cart but they said they were in the process of making a more permanent station in the same area. Of course you need to drink in the designated area to the left of the theater. You can not leave that area with yr drink and once your movie begins, you are escorted by one of the waitresses with your drinks. I would say drinks are fairly priced given that its Vegas. Your not getting any great deal but there is no huge mark up which was nice. I had a smirnoff and my bf had a rum and coke. The rum and coke was a little light but nothing to cry over.I love the look of the theater and how clean it is. So far we have only visited twice but are hoping to go again soon to see how the alcohol bar is coming along and any new changes made to the theater, Fro what I heard, some small changes are being made to improve the inside, Guess we'll have to see =)
4	Best Theater in town, one problem, Staff never check the theaters for people on the cell phones during the movies.Popcorn is above average and the place is clean......  Too many cell phones being used during the movies, this needs to be addressed.......  Remember most people only care about them selves and not others!  So the start checking or you will lose people!
4	This is my favorite movie theater in town. Other people feel that way too so it can get crowded.   Currently they have specials for industry workers and students.
3	If they had never added the over 21 showings I would be giving it a 5 star rating. Town Square is away from the Strip and locals love it. This theater is my favorite in all of the city. It's clean, comfortable, and has great picture quality and customer service. One of my favorite pastime is going to the movies, in fact I can usually go 1-2 times a week. I have younger siblings and because they are under 21, they don't have as many options as I do being  of age. I didn't have a problem with the over 21 showing when they were around 11 at night, but PG-13 movies at 8 pm on a Saturday are unnecessary. Everyone over the age of 13 should be able enjoy the ONE place they can go on Saturdays. I feel like it's a slap in the fact to the community. I  took my little sister to see The Avengers this summer and realized after we drove there that it was over 21. I was so incredibly UPSET by the fact that I couldn't take my little sister to enjoy a family action flick. I go to a bar every weekend so I can drink and have a good time. I go to the movies so I can relax and enjoy a great movie. If they decide to get rid of their 21 and over showings, I'll come back and give them a 5 star rating.I do enjoy the Tuesday's $5 (like every theater in town) and that you can choose seating in some showings! --that's a big plus!
2	This theater is so dang busy. I understand it is in the middle of Town Square and all, but it has a vibe to it that makes me feel unwelcome. It really isn't for locals unless absolutely convenient or necessary. The seats are nice and the prices are high. Except for the $5 Tues movies.
3	Large, clean movie theater with spacious stadium seating (i.e. lots of leg room).  There are plenty of screens and each theater is decently sized, so you don't feel crowded.  There are also concession stands throughout the theater; however, the main center one seems to be the one that's always open.If you're looking just to buy candy, I would suggest going for the candy vending machine instead of waiting in line at the counter.  I opt'd to get pretzel bites, and ended up waiting at least 5 minutes for the person behind the counter to go into the kitchen, get the bites and toss them in the cinnamon, sugar powder.  I'm not exactly complaining, but I probably would have ordered a different snack that would have been "grab and go".
4	This is a beautiful theater. It can be very busy because it is on the strip but it is very clean and in a prime spot for meeting up with friends. I will definitely be going back to see more movies here. There is so much to do before and after the show.
5	R.I.P. Rave Cinemas 15 NOV 2007 - 17 JAN 2013Well, it was good while it lasted. Unfortunately, everything (good) comes to an end and the Rave had ended: http://www.lvrj.com/neon/amc-will-take-over-multiplex-187082551.html.The first film I watched here was District 9 (2009) and my good buddy happened to pay for the tickets; fast forward several years and many (over a hundred and ten?) advanced screenings (which are all free) later, and in the end I paid to watch exactly ONE film here which was so piss poor I actually have to delve into imdb.com to be able to name ('Sucker Punch'). Coincidentally, on that same day I took the ill-fated two-feet sub challenge (they cheat) at Johnny McGuire's next door and that place has shuttered since as well.Tuesdays were 5$ tickets every week (besides holidays)(not that I cared because I never paid for tickets) and 1$ hotdogs (although they were barely worth that) for the final Tuesday presumably because AMC sells a different brand of barely 'meat' as their dog of choice. Unlimited free refills for you fatties that buy over*sized large popcorn (8.50$?) and sodas (4.50$?). Gone now too with AMC taking over, more than likely, since they positively suck at everything they do. So throw away the old cups you used to sneak in, crazy ladies that were known for being apt to running over small children with your motorised scooters; they are worth no more than the cheap cardboard they are constructed of.The many free screenings may very well be gone too for us cheapskates since the only time AMC had an advanced screening in the valley was for 'The Grey' and they required 'AMC Stubs', which costs 12$ annually, for each person to be able to attend (making it a 24$ "free" advanced screening if you were taking a date). I don't like Liam Neeson that much. Might as well scrap off the 'Best of Las Vegas' stickers on the glass wall in the front because AMC is taking over and it's a done deal. It was good while it lasted. - E
4	They cater to casino employees and have a bar for those of us who like to have a cocktail before, during and after a movie. It's in a great location with plenty of shop and bars with in steps of the theater.
3	$5 TUESDAYS!I'm a sucker for a great deal haha.. Anyways Tuesdays are usually the only days I will watch a movie here. Reason being that they are always really busy and I hate sitting in a packed theater. I will say that the theater is relatively new so everything is still pretty nice and in good shape. And of course what other movie theater can you drink in?.. only in Vegas haha However..I do NOT like the whole pre selecting your seats thing. I'm sure some people like it but I like the freedom of walking into a theater and sitting where I want or moving to another seat if someone sits right by me LOL and we actually almost got in to a fight with some people because of this.. Also one time I saw a movie goer throw a drink at a worker ... So I think because of the location (town square) and since they serve alcohol here there are a bunch of rowdy semi intoxicated people.. no bueno.  Random.. but i don't like their bright orange restrooms.. LOL is it just me?
4	Goodbye Rave, and hello AMC!!  I, for one, am SUPER excited about the change because I bought a pair of super cheap AMC movie tickets from Groupon a while back and then found out there are really NO AMC movie theaters close by me.  However, $5 ticket Tuesdays is still in effect, so I guess I can hold onto those Groupon tickets for just a little longer.We went to see the 6:40pm showing of Les Mis and the theater was dead, which is nice.  As per usual, the food & beverage counters are painfully slow even though the lines were short.  The guy who took my order spilled my icee and went to find a rag to clean it up.  He didn't come back for at least 3 minutes.  Where he went to find the missing rag, I have no idea.  Anyway, I love the location and for $5, there's really not much to complain about.  We had no problems with seating and had a great time!
4	Yelp 100 Challenge * 12/100Hands down the best theater in town, even my parents agree.We took advantage of the $5 Tuesday special yesterday and went movie hopping the whole day as our way of saying goodbye to my winter break together. Note that this offer will only last through till next week before it will be canceled since Rave Motion Pictures has been sold to AMC recently (or so I heard)Anywho, first up was Les Miserables and then Gangster squad. They were played in 2 different theaters, number 14 and 18 respectively, both of which are dirt-free, have comfortable seating and awesometastic booming sound! Theatre number 14 had more couch-like chairs that made me feel as if I were relaxing within the confines of my own home. On top of that, there was a lot of space should people walk down your row to head to the bathroom. This theater is located in a classy, Beverley Hills-esque type of outdoor mall complete with lots of restaurants to grab a bite in after your movie and a cute little play area for kids. I personally like to sit by the tables mid-day to watch the ground sparrows chirping and hopping around the grass.
5	Guess this gets my first movie theater review. Previously known as RAVE MOTION PICTURES, AMC has bought them out and all their systems have been converted to AMC.You still can't purchase tickets on fandango for this theater and I'm not sure if it'll change since the original Rave did not accept fandango (they had movietickets.com). However, you can now just buy the tickets for the theater through AMC's website.So far, they kept Rave's old $5 Tuesdays, $5 student Wednesdays, and $8 casino employees. If you had the old Rave stamp card, they will give you a free year of AMC Stubs program ($12 yearly fee after that). You can use the AMC Stubs card to get purchase rewards ($10 for $100 worth of purchases) among other stuff. It's not really anything special, though. But, if it's free, why not? You can also use the rewards you get towards your renewal fee.Rave holds a special place in my heart for movies, as I am a movies aficionado. I love the theater and I love Town Square and it's a super popular place to watch movies. I'd love to watch more of my midnight showings here, but there's just too many people.They also have 21+ theaters and sometimes they offer assigned seating for specific movies (probably midnight showings).Employee service was pretty much subpar but maybe the guest service will improve since it's under AMC. Since the AMC official buyout, all the employees have looked unfamiliar and new to me so they may have re-hired everybody. *shrugs*
4	This was the Rave Motion Picture Theater, even though it has recently been acquired by AMC, but the exterior of the theater has not yet been updated. So it is still the great theater in Town Square that we are familiar with.The line to purchase tickets move as quickly (or slowly) as before. They do however have two self service kiosks in the ticket purchasing lobby, but these machines are surprisingly slow compared to other movie ticket kiosks that I have used at other theaters. That said, it is still faster than waiting in a long line if you already know what movie you are there to watch.One big difference that I have noticed is that the monitors outside each theater now only display the theater numbers and not the movie and start time that I was used to seeing.  So, don't misplace your ticket stub once you get inside or while purchasing from the concession stand, or better yet, just remember the theater numberlike you would about where you parked your car in the Town Square complex.Oh yeah, the $5 Tuesday promotion might be discontinued (overheard from another movie goer this week), but I wasn't able to confirm once the 11pm movie I watched was over. But if you work for the casinos, you can still just pay $8 any day by showing your work ID.Enjoy!
3	Location is key with this theater and that's the primary reason I would frequent it. I don't have a strong opinion about theaters in this valley since most of them are relatively nice, so sometimes it's where our friends live or want to go, if we have passes given to us as gifts, or show times. I do like that even with the transition from Rave Motion to AMC, they've maintained the early bird ticket price of $6 for the first showing. What a steal! On a random note, during this particular visit, the chairs were uncomfortable for me, however, it may have been the specific theater (#6) in the establishment. Oh, there's also a bar within the lobby, so that's pretty neat.
4	I love this theater and now even more that it's now AMC Theater. I love AMC, it was my preferred theater back in FL and now that it's in Town Square I'm excited. The only bad thing is that I guess the staff hasn't been trained yet because they never know how to handle AMC reward system. Other than that great theater and location.
1	I just watched one of the workers come out of the bathroom and clean a table with her broom. I'm pretty sure that's disgusting!
3	This was the Rave theater before. Now it is AMC. To be honest. I think it has gone down since the acquisition. Before t was a 5 star theater to me now it is 2.5. The kiosks to buy tickets are way slower than before and are really irritating and confusing. It is unclear when you have to swipe. No information being displayed on monitors. The popcorn is now much smaller and annoying to carry in some funky looking box. They don't offer the seasoning anymore which my gf was always looking forward to put on the popcorn. I have not compared if the prices are higher now but overall the experience has deteriorated for me. Additionally, I don't know why they keep the theaters freezing in winter time, everyone in there was wearing their jackets. I used to always go to RAVE first and if the movie was not there.. wherever else.. now I wont consider it a first pick anymore. The experience is just not the same anymore
5	$5 movie gets 5 stars from me.  Especially when I had no idea their Tuesday matinees were so cheap, I just wanted to squeeze in a flick with a little shopping.'The chairs are comfy and the location leads to some great multitasking after the film, I will definitely be back.
4	Love love love this theater. Not only is it in one of my favorite spots in Vegas, but student discounts on Wednesdays (yay) and discounts for casino employees (double yay)AMC theaters are also my fave given the huge, clean, and comfortable seats.
1	Well today is the biggest fail in the history of screenings at rave/amc. There was over 200 kids with parents turned away. When a groupe of over 300 was invited from the LVPD. And yes they all showed. And yes the whole line was turned away. Over 200 crying kids and parents was this the theaters falt as far as line management yes the rest is the screening company. This screening should be keeped privet. This is not about the movie. It is about Customer service and in a city that runs on Customer service this is a FAIL.
5	Wanted to catch a movie today and after a quick yelp search I found that Las Vegas only has only 2 AMC theaters in the area. Being a Californian, I prefer AMC to Century or any other chain. Especially considering that I abuse the Hell out of my Stub Card, so it was a no brainer where I would catch my movie at. So let me just reiterate that I'm new to Vegas and that I'm *NOT* familiar with Town Square, and this being my first time in that shopping center, it took me a while to actually find this place. Apparently this AMC used to be a theater called Rave Motion Pictures. So imagine my confusion when I couldn't find the instantly recognizable AMC lettering that graces the movie theaters. Anyway, I was going around in circles for about 30 minutes until I noticed that AMC must have bought out the old company and simply moved into the building. What makes it all the more confusing is the fact that the old "Rave" marquee still graces the front AND back of the building. Also the maps scattered around the plaza don't have AMC or Rave marked on them so I was lucky I found it.Prices are steep but you can always get a large drink or popcorn and pay the price of a medium using your stub card. Plus once you spend $100 you get $10 in credit. How awesome is that? I ended up paying $8 for my movie which is really cheap! I'm used to paying at least $12 back home. And since I had a couple bucks left of credit on my stub card I was able to get a large soda and a hotdog for 6 bucks. Not cheap but much, much cheaper than it would have been had I not been a rewards member.The seats are actually really big. I've been to theaters with tiny seats and those with seating with "just enough" room, but these seats are very comfortable and spacious.Will definitely be coming back again!
2	Since the Rave was purchased by AMC, it has taken a nose-dive.  We used to drive 30 minutes across town to go to the Rave because of their great staff, service and experience - despite the fact that we have 3 theatres within ten minutes of our home. That isn't going to happen again.We went to see a movie - the first in months - on a Saturday night.  There was a crowd, but it wasn't a huge crowd.  The lines moved sooo slowly, we almost missed the beginning of the movie, even though we got there nearly 30 minutes before it started.  All of the fun "extras" are gone - including free soda refills and the free popcorn sprinkles (one of my favorite perks). The men's bathroom was out of order, so my husband had to go to the other side of the building to use the men's room - which took him almost 10 minutes when he had to go during the movie.   When we got into the theatre, it was dirty.  There were spilled bags of popcorn and bits of paper and napkin on the floor.  It was not particularly pleasant.To add insult to injury, the popcorn was disgusting.  It was warm (barely), but very stale.  I'd asked for new, hot, popcorn, but this is what I got.  I ate less than 1/3 of the small bag before I had to throw it away.
4	Great seats... one of the comfiest seats I've sat on whilst in Las Vegas. It's one of the most up-kept theaters in the area for a decent price. Plus, it's in a great location.
2	I use to love this theater when it was Rave. But now, not so much. Staff is rude and extremely unorganized. The theater use to be a lot cleaner, but I've got to say, not so much. It's actually kind of gross now.I do like the 5 dollar Tuesdays, but i think I'll go back to going to Red Rock until they get this theater cleaned up and their staff becomes more organized. Also, would it kill the staff  to pretend they like their job?
4	I feel like the vibe has changed since AMC bought out RAVE. Physically, everything is still the same but something just feels off. The biggest change is probably the concession stand. Prices have gone up and the large popcorn bucket has been reduced to a bag. The good news is that they have retained $5 Tuesdays and $5 Student Wednesdays, which is the only reason I'll keep coming back.
4	It's a great place for Tuesday! $5 movies, any movies!  Thou, I do have a feeling that they are not showing everything they usually have, I'll have to check it out again, maybe make it a 'girlfriend day' , but bring something to drink and enjoy the show :)
4	Great easy theater in the middle of Las Vegas.  Very nice & lots of movie options.  Great stadium seating & tons of restaurants and shopping in Town Square before of after your movie.  Plenty of parking in Town Square & a full bar in the theater.  Now all they need is a restaurant in the theater as well!
4	We love going here for movies. Not only is it nestled in Town square where we can go check out dozens of shops and food while we wait, it's a fun atmosphere. We had a problem with our tickets printing and the manager kindly helped us and made it NO problem for us. We even got to leave and come back and just walk in because he promised that he would be at the front waiting for us in an hour (and he was!) Great customer service! There was a separate bar area (fun!) and the popcorn was yummy (though as typical movie theater food/drink is super overpriced but we didn't mind due to the service we received.)We will be coming back to see our movies here from now on!
5	Omg!! This one is the best too me!! I Always go to this one..
4	Great for $5 Movies: today I called them at 702-362-7283 and spoke to Alex who confirmed with her co-worker (supervisor?):- Starting next week (eg Mon/22 Apr 2013) it's $5/movie Mon-Thu for showings starting before 6 pm- Next Tue (23 Apr 2013) is the last "$5 Tuesday" where all movies that Tuesday (even after 6 pm showings) are $5/movie- I'm guessing the change is because the busy season is approaching or simply because AMC bought out this Rave Cinemas location and wanted to do away with the Tuesday $5/movie.- More info at    http://bit.ly/13jFzhZ
2	Since when did AMC take over it?! What happened to Rave?! This used to be my absolute favorite theater but now not so much. :(
5	lined up to watch oblivion. anthony m. was smart enough to point out that we could use the automated machine to get our tickets faster. must have been his asian intuition to use technology. wonder what that says about me...the bathrooms are very clean. we were the only two in the bathroom but of course we used urinals on the opposite walls. its a unspoken guy rule.the seats had nice cushions and reclined nicely. there was a lot of leg room. anthony m. sat two seats away from me. again an unspoken guy rule when its just two guys.after the movie was finished i crop dusted from room 3 all the way to the exit of the theater. another unspoken guy rule.
2	First off I hate stadium seating. Why!? Because its so stupid the only advantage it has is when someone's in front they won't block your view. Other then that it just takes away from the whole  "grand theater" experience I go to theaters for.  Non-stadium, traditional theater seatings are the way to go for me and I'll participate in websites forums that agree.Anyways ignoring the above info, this theater is enjoyable.  It's located in the Town Square shopping center close to many bars and restaurants which is always cool. But nothing spectacular.  It does get extremely busy and they do a somewhat ok job accommodating when its busy.  When movies are done they'll rush you out and won't let's you even relax inside or get more drinks or food.  This place is big and has multiple concession areas a free more cool things things. The last movie I watched wasn't so clear almost faded and the sound didn't have the boom I wanted.  I was pretty disappointed considering almost everyone thinks this place was awesome.  In comparison to a few other stadium seating theaters in Vegas it's a similar experience maybe less cause I had higher expectations.  Would I be back? Yeah maybe there's some cool business around and other people like to come here.This place is cool I'm sure but Meh on my latest visit because I had to rewatch a movie at another theater just  to enjoy the movie, it was at a stadium seating theater so I'm not a total hater of those seatings I just don't prefer it.
4	Came to see The Great Gatsby and to my surprise this was no longer a Rave theater it is now AMC. Still love coming here.
5	i love this theater. there a few that i only to go and this is one of them. the seats are super comphy. plus you can eat/drink before or after so that's always convenience. parking can get packed on opening nights so arrive a bit early. they also have specials such as being a student i believe is $5 on wednesday. they change tuesday $5. now its certain days before 6pm is $5. thats what the attending told me. Casino employee is about $8 after 6pm. overall great theater. staff is nice, place is clean, and they have a lot of new movies playing on opening nights.
3	Not to bad for an older theater. I caught a movie premier here and it was shown in one of their larger theaters. Although the sound wasn't top notch it was still impressive and clear. The popcorn and drinks are what you'd expect $13.75 for 1-large popcorn and 1-large drink. But you get "Free Refills" with the large items. So I guess it could be a benefit but I shared my popcorn with three people and we didn't need a refill. The seats were reasonably comfortable and the isle was clean and not too cramped. I'd probably come back for another show even if I have to pay next time.
5	Tuesday's is $5 dollars :) can't complain!! :)
4	Well, it's a movie theater. I'm not really familiar with the whole AMC take over thing, but tickets here are generally reasonably priced, and the seats are very comfortable and relatively clean.Of course, food is ridiculously expensive, but the people here are pretty non-attentive so you can easily sneak stuff in if you want.
5	First time there. Liked it.
1	I just came from the amc theater in town square. What a horrible excuse for a movie theater. Let's start with no senior rates. Shame on you. The line for the automated machine had no line and was just a mob of people each trying to get to it next. The staff both at the box office seemed indifferent to their jobs and not helpful at all.     The popcorn, which I watched them popping was extremely overpriced for a tiny bag and tasted stale.  Fresh popcorn should not taste stale.      Entering the theater we saw security officer Barney Fife, on his phone having a private conversation. He wasn't around when the movie started and flashes were going off in the front of the theater as someone was taking pictures with their phone or to speak to any of the numerous phones still active throughout the movie. The person in front of me decided it was a good time to text since no one wanted to stop it.    The lights dimmed, but the movie trailers didn't start for 10 more minutes. By the time the film hit the screen, it was 20 minutes late.      With all of the options I have in town, I used to love this place when it was run by Rave. I think I shall take my business back to Cinemark where not only can I get a senior rate, but free popcorn on wed.  Or perhaps Brendon who offers $5 movies on Mon or senior rates on Thurs.    Evil AMC will not be my venue of choice. Even their movie club cost money to belong. Evil, evil amc. No more
4	Came here for the early bird special $5 (any movies play before 12pm). Same setting as RAVE, but under new management. One thing I realized they don't have much promotions going on like the old RAVE (casino employee discounts, student discounts, etc). However, if you are an early person, take advantage to watch your favorite movies for $5, good deal!!
3	Did not know the bar was closed
4	AMC Town Square is one of my favorite theaters in town.  Location - Great for having a date night.  There are all different type of restaurants and shopping in the area without getting in your car.Ticketing - I've never have had to wait in a long line to get tickets.  There are kiosks in multiple areas to purchase your tickets.  If you like dealing with a ticket sales person the wait has never been more than just a few minuets.  Concessions - Never too long of a wait.  If really busy they have multiple concession locations.  Price is just like any other theater...  Expensive, but I guess they need to make their money somewhere sense most of ticket money goes to the movie studios.  Theaters - Standard reclining chairs.  Arm rest raise or lower.  Sound is good.  My feet don't seem to get stuck to the floors due to spilled soda.  When you exit you are right in front of shops and restaurants.
5	I like this movie theater!It is always clean, and they always have all the new movies and even some random ones that the smaller places skip.I don't bother with the candy/snacks here, but there is a candy shop right before you walk in LOL.  Just another great reason to visit Town Square...great areas/activities for kids, shopping, decent restaurants, grocery store, and the movie theater of course!
4	Recently moving from a place where AMC is king we decided to try out this theatre.Only reason it got 4 stars is the location is hard to find. Still advertised as Rave Theatres and  You  have to go down a back alley and up some stairs but the town square shopping center is Awesome!Loved the customer service we received. We arrived late and the ticket counter gladly checked to see how full the showing we were trying to see was.Arrived in the theatre which was pitch black. We ended up sitting towards the front but the seats were so comfy! It didn't even matter we were close to the screen .My new fav AMC much better then the one on rainbow .
2	This movie theatre went to sh$%^t ever since AMC took over. Bargain Matinee is now before 4pm on weekends and not before 6pm. Food prices jacked to all time high.  Movie deals on slow days is not like before.  Way to ruin a nice theatre, AMC. Word of mouth is the best marketing and you're not earning any brownie points from the locals.
4	Shopping, dinner and a movie?! Hell yeah! No more Rave theaters, now it's AMC! Very happy about this change! What used to be $10 for a movie ticket is now $7.50!Not only that, but it's conveniently located in a shopping mall surrounded by some really great bars and restaurants too! A theater in Vegas that is NOT located inside a casino.Also, one of the only movie theaters I know that has a bar inside! Lol! Only Vegas...Don't forget about $5 Tuesday too! Tickets only $5 bucks!
2	UGH!  I miss the RAVE THEATER!!!!  I miss the great popcorn and better customer service that they used to have at the RAVE!  Most of all, I hate that they changed their matinee pricing... I went to a 4pm movie, and their matinees end at 355... UGH UGH UGH!  NOT A FAN!!! Miss you Rave theater!
5	They used to be a Rave Theater and still oblige by what the Rave Theater used to offer....$5 Tuesdays!  You cant beat seeing a movie for $5!!! The facility is usually pretty clean and the ticket and food line goes pretty fast.  I was there not long ago and the fire alarms went off making everyone evacuate the building.  They did not know when we could go back in so they told us to bring our tickets back next time and we will be credited for another movie.  Well about a month later we went back and they did just that!  It was great!!  I recently discovered that if you take your ticket stub into Blue Martini you get a free drink!  Perfection!
3	When this theatre first opened I was a bit skeptical about the idea of a mall theatre. It has had it's share of problems such as, movie delays with staff being unaware, cold and stale popcorn, "now seating" signs lit up and theatre still littered with cups and garbage.It has slowly improved. My husband loves the free popcorn refills and demands it from a fresh batch.I still see an occasional issue but in general, things have cleaned up.I know that it has a large volume of traffic especially on Tuesday, $5 movie night. The movie show times are fewer and far between on that night, which ensures a packed theatre. Those of us that are aware of hospitality demands, know that it is management's responsibility to ensure that high demands are met with equally high guest-to-employee ratios. Snack lines are long and bathrooms are very stinky on Tuesday.One more thing, it sucks that they took away the casino employee discount. Glad that the Military families still have one. Nevertheless, the strip employs around 100,000 workers, I am one of them, it is pretty sad when a local business does not acknowledge our contribution to their success.
2	I think this place deserves a sound review for the adventure's it has taken me over the past couple months since it's renovations. Before AMC bought out this theater, it was known as Rave Motion Pictures or something of the sort. I'm not going to lie, I loved the old theater because they had become my comfortable norm. Now, well, at first it really let me down. I know it's not the best thing in the world to shut down a place just to renovate the area, but at least do it step by step and don't leave the place looking all janky. When they first started remodeling after the "AMC TAKEOVER" everything just seemed blah. I'm not not prissy princess who has to have everything of certain quality, but I did grow up in Detroit and have seen some of the shadiest movie theaters and this one was running a close second to some of the ones I've seen. The concession stands were in disarray for a good couple of months. I won't lie, this renovation process made me not want to come back to my beloved Town Square theater. BUT, as time went on I have increasingly been impressed by the steadied improvement of the quality of the theater. I understand that it takes time to take a place and make it your own, and in AMC's case it did take a little longer than I anticipated. Maybe it is because I do go see a lot of movies but I am glad that I didn't lose faith because I've always enjoyed my experience at this particular theater.So you're probably scratching your head. Looking at my review in disgust huh? You're probably wondering why I gave out a 3-star review. Well the only reason I am giving out that rating is because on numerous occasions the movie I am supposed to be watching is delayed. For whatever reason, the move is supposed to start but it seems as if everyone in the theater is awkwardly trying to be quiet while no movie progresses. Another thing is that some of the staff aren't the most receptive. I happened to walk out of my theater at the same time another movie got out. And security kind of made it seem like I was movie hopping. All I was doing was visiting the concessions stand and didn't have my ticket for whatever reason and they gave me a real hard time. I didn't appreciate the jump to conclusions, but I guess I can understand if it's been a problem. Anyway, I don't mind at the end of the day because this is my favorite place to watch movies, especially midnight premieres!
4	One of maybe 3 theaters in Vegas which isn't located inside of a casino!  The AMC has a very modern feel complete with stadium seating (which I guess is pretty standard).  I haven't visited the concession stands, but they have 3 available on really busy nights.Prices are consistent with the other casino theaters and they have a $5 movie day for those in the gaming industry (Wednesday maybe?).  I wish the restrooms were a little more up to date with the rest of the building, but other than that, no complaints.  The location is definitely a major plus!
4	This theatre is so clean and organized and cool looking! Also--it's inside a mall!!! You can shop, and then watch a movie. That **** doesn't happen at Fashion Show! :PThat staircase up is a workout though! Kidding, haha! But it is if you're weighed down by some purchases! It is really nice for a stop after a huge shopping splurge. Boyfriends that you dragged along to the mall are really into that movie date; after all, their credit cards need some breathing ;] haha!!
5	Great management!!!!!
5	Love the seating! The popcorn was great too!
3	This isn't a movie theater that I frequent regularly since I live in NLV, but the "renovations" since Rave owned the place seems favorable. They've added extended armrests between each seat with a heavier duty cup holder than you're used to but has pros and cons; while it makes sharing drinks and snacks easier, it also makes the armrest stationary. PRO:New armrests are larger.Snack bar seems to be larger than most.CON:The movie (White House Down) started about 20 minutes late, apparently nobody was in the operating room.There were only like 30 M&Ms in the package I purchased at the snack bar.
3	I like this theater but like a lot of people have said it is a teenager hang out, so if your not for that this may not be the theater for you. Love the popcorn but the floors could be a bit cleaner, shoes sticking to the bottom of the floor is not a good look.
1	I'm pissed. Went for a pre-release screening, as I've done at this location before, and it was SO unbelievably poorly set up!I arrived as I usually do, with more than enough time to spare. The line was made OUTSIDE (110 degrees, thanks!) and went all the way around the corner of the theater, wrapped back around,- past the elevators, past the trees, and up across the main front steps. Fine enough, those who are unemployed were allowed to loiter in front of the theater all day and formed a line at 2pm for a 7pm movie (ugh), so I figured- if we weren't getting in, we weren't getting in. Disappointing, but not a big deal.. I took the risk and stayed because I watched as more people continued to show up and no one turned them away. With that said, I have a HUGE issue with the following...They had a specific amount of tickets READY TO HAND OUT. They could have easily given them out and let the rest of us go home! At the very least, they could have done that after the hour and a half we spent in line, once it got slightly shorter.Seriously. It's not a difficult concept. Got 15 tickets in your hand? Count out 15 people to give tickets to. I just don't understand why they kept us waiting for absolutely no reason. And with NO explanation at any point... They had three employees collecting the tickets we printed at home and it was completely unnecessary....one was handing out the theater passes and two females just stood there sweating. Uh, k? By 7pm, there was absolutely no end in sight, so we left.... which probably means they screwed something up and were behind schedule. Thanks for wasting my time!
4	love the loyalty card for this place and everyone working there is very nice. Place is clean and really enjoyed my movie!
1	Bad, rude and racist service at the ticket window from an employee that told us "we couldn't return movie tickets." Then the supervisor comes and say's "that the transaction never got charged on our gift card and the money couldn't be put back on it anyway" They eventually gave us "free tickets" for the trouble with a bad attitude. After the movie was done, I went on my phone and screen shot a picture of the transaction that they did in fact charged us with the wrong amount to it, so that I could show them that they were wrong and that on top of their horrible service and bad attitudes, they "free movie tickets" they gave us weren't free and we were still over charged. It's sad how horrible the service and management has gone down here since AMC took over this place. A bad service experience has completely changed my mind about this location being my favorite movie theater. Never again.
4	I don't come here as often as I used to now that I live in North LV, but I like how much the theater's changed since AMC took over. Seats are comfy, armrests are big, and it's clean overall.
4	Great theater usually really clean .. I'm not sure if the staffing changed since RAVE was in charge but it seems like the management is better but still for some reason the last 3x I went they were late to start the movie and/or they didn't turn on the wide screen until the movie already started ( like 5 min into it ) ?? Wish they Would stay on top of that
4	Let's start by saying that the service at the registers was extremely friendly... AS IT SHOULD BE WHEN YOU ARE PAYING 500X MSRP! The staff was friendly, courteous, and thanked me for my business. The theaters were ok, took the kids to see TURBO with a friends family. This theater could definitely improve cleanliness of bathrooms and theaters,but the service gains them 4 stars
3	I don't go to this theater anymore since they changed to AMC.  The feel is completely different and they now offer a "$7.50" Tuesday movie night.  Went to the Cinemark theater in the South Point Casino which had $5.00 Tuesday movie night and it felt like this place used to.
4	I love this theatre. It recently changed to an AMC and it's great. I haven't had any major problems except for a few instances, but they were all resolved. I really enjoy the atmosphere. The number of movies playing at one time is convenient. It's also located around other fun stores/restaurants in Town Square. The only thing I really dislike is the restroom; it's a little tore up and can get really dirty. But by far, it's my favorite theatre in Vegas.
4	One of the cleanest movie theaters, even the smell is cool not like some theaters when you walk in the smell of bad odors that coming from the carpet and seats,you even get an thank you and have a good day when you are exiting the theater, if we watch a movie in Vegas this is where to find us,food is... you know high that's why we only get popcorn and bring the rest of the food in, (no shame in my game) the restrooms are pretty much clean you can tell they do check them.
5	Yelp 100 Challenge * 98/100$5 Tuesdays are gone. Say hello to their new deal: $5 Mon-Thurs 1-6pm. Anytime after that and you're set to pay $7.50 for adults/seniors and $5 for children. Last Tuesday, Papa rounded up the family for a night of guy flick - 2 Guns, which he's been looking forward to since its release on the 2nd. Mommy and I followed suit with an air of hesitation at first, but in the end, 2 Guns delivered (witty dialogue, good cast on top of the explosions and car chases) with the theater's awesome Dolby surround system and comfy chairs/arm rests. Also, it's not too cold inside to let the hairs at the back of your neck stand. They leave that to the movies! Anywho, we've stuck to this theatre for quite some time now and don't plan to switch gears in the near future. Great location within Town Square, our own little gem.
5	im from CA.. Im not gonna lie.. I would move to vegas for this AMC. Most roomy, comfortable, clean, and awesome AMC i have ever set foot in. the seats recline and its not even an XD cinema!!! Lucky Las Vegas-ians..... ;)
3	This place is alright. Sometimes its great sometimes its blah. One time my popcorn was so salty i returned it 3 times!! The theaters are always half way cleaned. I love $5 Tuesdays.
3	It was once an awesome theater but now as AMC I feel that they haven't taken much care to it. They offer $5 movies Monday-Thursday before 6 and that is just about the only reason I go. They have to machines so that you can get tickets yourself but they don't always work. The bathroom is filthy and usually the food bar is too.
5	I've been looking for other movie theaters other than brenden theaters. I'm glad I found Rave! This place is pretty massive and such a convenient location! Plenty of seats, movie tickets priced reasonably and very clean. Townsquare itself is appealing and I love the modern aesthetics. Shopping malls should look more like townsquare!Ok, so Rave is awesome and I will be coming back again!
4	I will say I absolutely love this theater. I usually go here on either Tuesday or Wednesday as they do $5 movies (any movie) Tuesdays and $5 on Wednesday for students. It makes seeing the movies on a college budget very affordable. The combos for food (popcorn, hot dog, pretzel, etc.) and a drink are a bit pricey, but that is to be expected in a movie theater, especially one located so close to the strip. The employees are very friendly and the theaters have huge comfortable chairs to lounge in. Definitely a great theater!
4	This is among my favorite theaters, probably because it's still new enough that it doesn't feel grubby (i.e., your feet don't stick to the floor), it has pretty comfortable seating, all the latest movies and no steeper prices than anyone else except the dollar cinema. Worst downside is probably the parking, since you have to cruise around and try to find a spot in the lot out back unless you're REALLY lucky and find one on the side just as someone else is leaving. The best plan of action is to go ahead and have dinner and/or shop around in Town Square as long as you're here. It's a pleasant atmosphere, there are a lot of options, and you will feel like the hike from the parking lot was a little more worth it.
5	Can't beat $5 movies Mon-Thursday 1-6pm and still reduced after 6pm to $7.50 Also if you purchase an AMC card for every $100 you spend on admission and also on food you earn $10 rewards to use as you please at any amc location. So if you like to go to the movies as often as I do it's a great theater! The best part is its location and there is tons of things to do at Town Square for families with kids, dates, girls night out to single people ready to mingle. So shop,dine, drink, play and why not catch a flick!
4	This movie theater is just about as good as it can get.  I used to be in the entertainment industry and went to many studio movie premiers in New York.  Motion picture studio theaters are completely tricked out with awesome sound, premium screens, extra comfortable seating and more.When I first experienced the movie theaters at Town Square, I couldn't stop comparing the quality and attention to detail with my experiences in New York. If you've never experienced moviegoing at this location, some amenities will impress.  For instance, the theaters are cavernous, the screens are large, the projection equipment is bright, and the stadium seating ensures you won't be looking into the bad hairdo of the person in front of you.  Even better are the seats -- wider, softer, rocking chair style, with ample drink cup holders on either side.  Better yet is the seat pitch from row to row, which provides the most legroom I've experienced in any theater anywhere.  I've never had to step on toes or stand up when someone is crossing through a row a seats.  If we could only control the cell phone activity... Unfortunately, Rave motion picture corporation no longer manages this property, but AMC does.  What I miss about the Rave were its many promotions, like $5 nights and discounted concessions.  AMC is just another greed-based movie theater management company that charges maximum admission rates and spiked concession prices.  Typical.I used to go to the Rave about 2-3 times a month.  Now, since AMC took over, I went once, wasn't impressed, and haven't returned recently.
5	Tuesday $5 movies!
5	Just in case you're wondering, this use to be the rave theater.  A few months back amc bought the property and did a few upgrades since the change. So far so good, with these very comfortable recliner like chairs they put in. I believe it's gotten better since the purchase.  Will continue to come here for all my midnight releases.
4	Nice clean and spacious, what more could you want from a movie theatre?I like townsquare because whenever I come here, it's always clean and the chairs are pretty comfortable.Perk? It's a shopping center so if you're there for a popular movie you can come ahead of time to get the ticket and do a little shopping or grab a bite to eat.
4	It Gets a 4 Star Because I liked RAVE Better with Cocktail servers.  When AMC took over that disappeared.  Place is clean and Town Square Location is really Nice with Great food nearby.  I like to sneak in Fod cuz its still to pricey, the Frozen Yogurt Place downstairs is awesome, get a Top and Sneak it in, inside your girls Purse! Bring Socks to keep your feet Warm.
2	This is the worst run movie theater ever! Shortages at the snack bar then went into the theater 20 minutes before showtime and the previous movie was still showing! Get some better management!
1	Place is crap.. Seats are horrible Id be more comfortable sitting on a metal park bench. They tried to copy what Galaxy theaters had done and they FAIL poorly!
1	This movie theater went from awesome to complete crap when AMC took it over. From the popcorn to the lazy unmotivated staff, this place is a far cry from what it used to be. Will not be coming back here ever again.
1	So, you have hundreds of people excited to see the dr. Who special that very few theatres in town are showing. Most people bought their tickets in advance, so the theatre knows it's going to be a big showing. And yet, this theatre didn't check to see if their disc of the show was working until five minutes before the show ? It's complete BS. They wasted the time of everyone in the theatre. Not only did I get the day off work to watch this, but I waited in line starting at five. And then sat in the theatre waiting for them to fix it for an hour. Just for them to tell us we have to get a refund for our tickets. But wait, I have to spend what looks like another hour in line just to get a refund ? Or you could bypass the line, and just get a movie voucher. But wait, this movie voucher says you'll have to pay extra to see a 3D movie, but our original movie was in 3D. So, lose value for your money, or wait an hour in line to get $15 back. Not a lot of great options happening here. So, a whole day in wages lost, just to stand in line and waste five hours off my life ? AND I dont get to watch what I've been waiting to see for months ? This used to be my favorite movie theatre, but never again.
5	I usually wouldn't review a theatre, but I really need to brag about a manager (Aries). He is an amazing person that reminded me there's still people out there we can be thankful for this holiday season. My husband, daughter, and I drove from California to visit friends & family for Thanksgiving, but wanted to catch the "Frozen" movie the day before (Wed). During our drive I called AMC Theatre's number and asked a nice lady if they still had the $5 special they use to have Mon-Thurs. She said yes except for holidays. I asked her if today counts as a holiday cause it's so close to Thanksgiving, she said no. It will still be $5/ticket. I was so happy ... Until I got to the theatre to purchase tickets. The young boy said it would be $29.90 for all of us. I was shocked cause I mentioned the $5 special I talked to a lady on the phone about just that morning. He suggested asking his manager, Aries. When the manager came out, he immediately apologized to us & handed us our tickets ... for FREE! My husband and I looked at each other shocked cause that's the last we expected. I wanted to hug him!!! Thank you Aries for making our family night out a memorable one :)
2	For the longest time I thought this theater was, like, some luxury experience.  I'd drive by and think "oh, Rave, I bet it's fancy, I'm not dressed appropriately, I'll go to South Point."Well, apparently I was high for years, because this place is beneath us all.  It's small and it's grody.  I'm pretty sure there was more food on the floor than on the food trays. The lines are craazy long.Most of all, it's not fancy.  Not. At. All.  It's like they traveled back in time to 1989 to design a theater.  I mean, it's functional, it's just kinda ugly and primitive.
4	Apart from the 70s flashback I had when I walked into the bright orange ladies room and the 10,000 steps leading up to the front door, I'd give this theater an A+! Convenient kiosks allowing you to skip the ticket lines (perfect if you're running late, like I always am), such reasonable prices that it took me back to my childhood ($7.50 on Tuesdays!!), a plethora of candy and other snackaroos, and best of all, COMFY SEATS!!! Late night showings help tremendously, since half the vegas population are night owls. Even better, it's located right next to all the bars and restaurants in Town Square, so it's just a few steps from Happy Hour, otherwise known as my favorite hour of the day. There's a strong possibility I may become a movie buff after this experience!
4	AMC is a great theater!  the seats are comfy, the screens never have problems & the employee are always really nice.  They were even really accommodating when I had a bunch of Rave gift cards.  They let me transfer to an AMC card so I could use them.  I really like the Town Square location because my friends and I can walk around & shop & then go see a movie!  Once they get those crazy awesome recliner chairs, I'll add that 5th star.
1	The movie tickets costed $15 even, we gave him a $20 bill. The ticketing employee took the money, closed his register and gave us our tickets, we looked at him and then had to ASK him for our change back.......weird.
4	Although this is a huge multiplex in a large shopping center, it offered a great deal, which is why I bumped it up a star.  We saw Out of the Furnace on a Tuesday afternoon with a friend for only $5.  Can't remember the last time I paid $5 to see a movie in a theatre, and I certainly didn't expect that to happen at Town Square.  The theatre was clean, and the seats were average in our theatre.  We were in one of the smaller theatres (I'm assuming the larger ones are for tentpole movies).  The concession prices were in line with what you pay at a theatre in this day and age.  The bathrooms were very clean, but this may be because it was early in the day.  Another benefit of the Rave is that it's near the large parking lots, so you don't have to feed the meter and worry you are running out of time while you ware watching your movie.  I'll likely return, and likely on a Tuesday.
4	Drove out here yesterday to catch an early show of 47 Ronin.First of all...the movie was awesome. ;)  The theater is nice.  I hadn't been here in over a year or two.  The employee selling tickets was polite.The price for the ticket was only $6, which is the cheapest I've seen in a while.  Maybe because it was the first showtime of the day?Anyway, the popcorn was delicious, and the theater was pretty clean.The bathroom could have been a little better, for being so early in the morning, but it wasn't awful.My only complaint today was that the employees behind the concession stand were goofing off, and joking around, laughing WAY louder than is appropriate for being at work.  Joke around, laugh and have fun, but when you're howling with laughter and your laugh is ECHOING in the lobby, its time to tone it down.
4	Has gotten so much better since rave jacked it up! Yay AMC!It's gotten so much cleaner since the name RAVE bounced.  Seriously, it was a disaster... and the little mini club in the corner that used to be there with the bouncers and broke ass gogo dancers was so annoying.  THANK GOODNESS IT'S GONE!   Now it's all clean again-- bathrooms are still orange, but at least they're clean.  There's TP & toilet seat covers... it's great.  The theaters have not changed except for the cleanliness!  I can't state enough how much Rave messed that place up by not keeping it clean.    Now the concession counters are kept up well, the employees are friendly.... and clean.  :P  If you're going to sit in a place for about 2 hours, you want to make sure the joint is clean right?  Can't blame me.  I hate when movie theater floors are sticky and littered with peoples old popcorn and old breath.  gross.  Anyway!  Good job AMC for cleaning up the joint.  I want to come watch movies there again!  YAY!
3	After watching movies at Galaxy, there's no way you can go back to a normal theater. That's how I felt on our last visit here. The bf and I ended off our day with watching Anchorman. (Yes I know we are late.) We didn't want to drive all the way to Galaxy theaters because it was out of the way. So we needed up here since it was on the way home. I don't buy snacks at the theater because I'm not dropping $9,784 on popcorn and candy. The theater wasn't ready 15 minutes before the movie. When they finally finished cleaning and let us in, there was still popcorn all over the ground. Like I said, Galaxy theater set the bar high. The seats don't recline. They are cloth seats, so who knows what nastiness you're sitting on. The person behind you ends up putting their feet on your chair. It's just not the same. I'll watch a movie here if we are already at Town Square or are in the area, but this wouldn't be my first choice.
4	What's there to say about this theater?  It's a great place to catch a film.  Employees were friendly, seats comfy, aisles clean, great lighting, awesome picture and had no problem finding parking near the theater.  So, I am a fan.
5	Always use to go to town square on Tuesday to watch movies with friends. Now it's every so offer but I still like coming here. It's close to home but also close to some action. Stoney's is right across the way and if you go during the day you can shop your little heart out. I like this theater especially because they have the wonka candy machine, has some of the best candies. Shock tarts and such, the bomb!
1	I left some pics at this place before but never had the time to write a review. This place has gone down hill. Since AMC took over it's dirty smelly and the prices have gone up. Probably to cover rent because less people are coming here. You walk in the bathroom and it smells, they have a Rubbermaid plastic bin full of cleaning supplies that are open. It's a safely hazArd for your kids to touch.   The bathrooms were disgusting. A movie theater is a movie theater. I gave it 1 star because of the chemicals being out.
2	It's my first time here so I don't know if I just came on the wrong day. The theater is really beautiful, clean and nice. The customer service is so fake and half-assed. Nobody said a WORD to us except the girl who told us how much our tickets are. Not even a thanks or anything after she handed it to us. Laaaame.
4	Great theater. When I lived here, I came every week, religiously. I saw an opening weekend movie and I liked how it showed every hour on the hour. Concessions were good and all staff members were nice. However, there was only one ticket agent on when we were there and a big long line.
2	Went to see Wind Rises here last Friday. I'd give the place 2.5 stars, but its a national chain, this location charges a premium, so there's no excuse. 2 stars. Besides, I have to up my 2 star stats. :PYeah, that pic of the dirty seat, very accurate. Gross. If it was just run-down, ie, the faux leather crumbling on the arm rest, it would've been forgivable. But no, there was still popcorn crumbs and stains on the seat. I wouldn't have cared if it was the $2 theatre on Trop, but I paid $11 for this ticket. Not to mention another $11 for popcorn and drink. This place screams, "take their money and run". I'm sure it's busy from tourists visiting Town Center, I doubt many locals go here because of the price. The bf has the AMC Stubs reward card, that you have to pay $12 to get. So, we try to go, once in awhile, so he can get use out of it. The picture and sound were good. No complaints there. But I prefer the Regal chain over this place. It was much nicer when it was Rave theatre.
4	Okay, so I think it's safe to say that the dust has actually settled and the massive takeover is complete and renovations are now over. I've been coming to this theater since Town Square actually opened and at first when the AMC Renovations were taking place the theater never felt the same from the previous "RAVE" experience. It lacked the that special quality that is not easy to explain. Mind you, even the concessions always seemed disorganized and unkempt, something completely out of the ordinary.Fast forward a couple of months and mix in a little bit of patience pixie dust and you got a theater back into my heart. The concessions are much more organized, the theater is well kept together and I haven't experienced any problems since. Even midnight premieres have gotten more organized and bearable, which (let's be honest) is hard to achieve.All in all, with time (and patience) this place has gotten better. Well done AMC!
4	This is one of the nicer movie theaters in town but I don't get to come here much since it's pretty far from my house. It's also nice to be able to see a movie after an afternoon of shopping or dinner at Town Square. The theaters are clean and their seats are comfortable. On our last visit here we noticed that matinee shows stop at 4 pm. What's up with that? It was a Sunday, so hopefully it's just on the weekends because $10.75 for a 4:15 pm showing seems a little pricey especially when there is no one around
1	This place was great when it was RAVE.Now that its AMC the employees are rude as heck and it doesn't have the theater "feel" anymore   Asked a couple of questions on the phone & the girl acted like I was bothering her. Luckily Galaxy Luxury Theaters (Green Valley) is open !!
4	Formerly Rave, now an AMC. What a change of pace. I came her on a Saturday night to check out the new Veronica Mars film. The place was dead. Granted, there were only 5-6 films playing, the old Rave was a force to be reckoned with. Crowded, over packed, messy, and a total cluster fuck. AMC was quiet, almost dead; maybe it wasn't a crazy new release weekend, but it was definitely a welcomed change of pace. Short concession lines. Ample, comfy seating. Friendly workers. My only gripe, how dirty the place felt. AMC could use a deep clean, then it will be worthy of 5 shiny stars!
1	Turns out the staff, the managers in particular, don't know how to recognize a food allergy when they see one, and are no help in the event of an emergency. Consider yourselves duly warned. The young gentleman who was collecting tickets at the door was more concerned than his manager, who told me I was S.O.L. and that they were not able to assist in any way, and that because it was a later showing, I would be locked out if I chose to step outside. Seems as though while they may be trained in how to handle a few unruly guests, they are seriously lacking in concern or training for health and safety with regards to the general public.
4	clean, nice and really comfortable seating! I have the rewards here because this place is nothing short of class and I know im going to have to a good time here like I did when I was younger! I will be back and enjoy more movies instead of waiting for the bluray to come out thanks AMC your great
1	Still the same bland customer service. Does anybody even kind of like working here?? No smile, no hello, no greeting. Everybody looks bored and sad. Overheard an employee complaining about the customers leaving a mess as those customers walked by. Rude.If it wasn't in such a convenient center I wouldn't come back.
5	This theater has specials all the time! Can go mon-thu matinee for only $5! Can't beat that! As a parent, any time you can save money is great! They also offer other specials throughout the week! Chairs are super comfy and some have little "table" type things in between the seats for your popcorn!
5	One of the fav movie theaters I like in Vegas. Surrounded inside of a mall. Very convenient. Good side of the town, I rarely get any bad service here. Great place to go on a date after a long day of shopping & dining :)
4	I am going to see Godzilla hope it's great.I  enjoyed it but not as much as I thought I would. It seemed like they tried to remake the original Godzilla movie.  Great special effects. If you are a fan of Godzilla this is the movie for you.
5	My friends and I saw the Godzilla movie inside this theatre.  I have to admit that this was the biggest movie theatre I have ever been then previous ones.
1	This place was great when it was Rave, now the customer service SUCKS.I ordered some tickets online for Godzilla for tomorrow, but now I need to cancel them. AMC's website doesn't give you any way to cancel them except to call their hotline. I've been on hold for 37 MINUTES and NO one has answered the phone. How am I supposed to cancel my tickets to get a refund when no one answers the damned phone? "Here to serve you 24 hours a day, 7 days a week" my ASS.I also tried calling the theater direct to see if I could get some help that way. Wouldn't you know it, called them four times and no one has answered yet. Did everyone who works for AMC keel over and die?! The fact that I've been sitting here on my phone for close to 40 minutes now to cancel some stupid movie tickets is absolutely ludicrous. I'll be going to Galaxy from now on, at least I know from past experience that they actually care about keeping their customers happy.
5	Town square movie is fantastic upscale movie theater. Seats are comfy and roomy, and the theaters is kept very clean. I also liked the fact that every Tuesday is $5 to see a movie, what a great deal!
3	I have to say that I love the area here . We can go eat then just go upstairs and watch a movie . But man the service at the theatre is really bad , also it's dirty most of the time . I now change to the galaxy movie theatre at Henderson . Better seating better food and definitely better service.
1	Ever since this theatre changed from Rave to AMC it has gone downhill... Today I had a question concerning tickets I'd purchased online and I called the theatre 9 TIMES with no answer... finally I called town squares concierge booth and the phone rep told me that this is a common complaint and that they just don't answer their phones. She offered to go up to the theatre and have them call me back... it's been over an hour and I still haven't gotten a call back. Why would a business just not answer their phones???  I don't know if it's because they're understaffed or what. But what ever happened to customer service? I've been coming to this theatre for 5 years and I've noticed a gradual change and it hasn't been a good one. I think I'm done.
2	It's hard to beat $7.50 matinee movie tickets, but with the cut in price comes the cut in care. Before AMC took over this theater was Rave Motion and I sort of miss it. I can't remember the last time I came here and there wasn't something on the seats, or the floor, or the seat upholstery wasn't breaking. Unless I'm already in the area I definitely won't go out of the way to come here anymore. Management, can the theater get some TLC please?
3	This place has changed a lot! Since AMC bought out the Rave, there has been a few changes, like no more flavors out to sprinkle on the popcorn! We like to go on Sunday mornings, Church goers are busy, most people are sleeping in and we can see the first showing of the day without a crowded theater!Today we showed up about 20 mintues before the show time, surprised to see people standing around outside, I noticed a door ajar, so we walked in to escape the heat of the day, only to have someone come from inside the lobby to tell us they weren't open yet!We came out telling the rest of those waiting we were told another five minutes until they would open up! They then grumbled that they had told them the same thing, 10 minutes ago! Not happy! It's already 100 degrees and the movie times posted were 10am and it was now 950am!  We're standing outside in direct overhead heat without shade and there is a cool, shaded ticketing area that for some reason they do not want us to wait in!Finally, someone opens the doors, we get our tickets, buy the drinks and popcorn, and head off to the theater. Now we sit through 25 minutes of trailers and comericals and our movie starts!The comfort is still there, big seats, nice arm rests with drink holders, the seats do not recline but are roomy. The acoustics are great, the wide screen good, but I hate the multiple trailers, the lack of popcorn flavors and the bathroom is too far from most of the theaters to make a quick run if the movie is long and the large soda too much!
4	I like this theater because it is very clean and the staff is always there to help with a friendly attitude. I wish I lived closer then this would be the place for me to see all my movies!
1	HORRIBLE & very rude customer service (provided by Senior Manager Ryan Schultz).  Even though many customers had documents in their possession stating "AMC Theatres will issue passes as soon as the box office opens", he not only refused to do so, he extremely rude in handling the situation.  Instead of providing quality customer service and offering a resolution to the issue, he basically shrugged his shoulders and said "oh well".  Well...hopefully those of us he treated so rudely will be there when this theater closes due to poor service & low attendance and we can say "oh well" & shrug our shoulders as well.  What should have been a slight inconvenience and an easily resolved issue has now resulted in the loss of many customers (as well as revenue from future ticket & concession sales).  I'll be taking my business to Regal & Galaxy Theatres, where management respects customers.
4	I have been coming to this theater sense it was open. I will not go to any other one in Vegas or Henderson. It's in town square which I already love. They have all the newest movies first. And amazing seating, and 3D movies all the time. This is the movie theater I would recommend to any in the Vegas valley. This is the spot
5	$5 movies at certain times! Drink sizes are huge. Menu is a little pricey for concessions, but it's okay because pretty much every theatre is like that. I like their theaters. They all are either really big or have super comfortable chairs. Always love going here for midnight premiers. Gets packed but that's normal. One theatre that my friends and I always go to!!!
4	It's been about 3-5 years since I last stepped foot inside this theatre and I don't know why. This theatre is AMAZING! I forgot how comfortable the seats are and very roomy too. Not only is this theatre huge but it's also clean unlike some of the other theatre's I've been too.I also just found out that they have a members' card called AMC Stubs, normally it's $12 a year but right now they have a special where you only pay $8 for the entire yr. With that, you get perks like free upgrades on popcorn and soda and once you spend $100, you earn $10 cash back. So it's a pretty cool card to have. Another plus, once you finished your movie you can enjoy some shopping and dining as this theatre is located in Town Square and I personally love this outdoor shopping mall.
4	Movies are cool and all but the reason this place doesn't get 5 stars is cuz of the freaking 38 steps to get there and it's kinda dirty. They should clean after ever showing.
4	Holy spacious comfy seats!  And the theater doesn't smell like stale popcorn!!  Only thing that could enhance the experience is a seat that reclines.
4	Great movie theater! Comfy seats, good concessions (although they are super pricey), and great projection and sound. That's everything I need from a movie theater :)
4	They have really been working on cleaning up their restrooms! Ticket lines are usually efficient. They have some fairly comfortable seats as compared to others.
4	I love coming to this theater. We come here on Monday's and only pay $5.25 per person..can't beat $10.50 for a date at the movies. Prices of the snacks and drinks are normal for an AMC theater though. Bathrooms have always been clean and stocked when I come here. Main areas and the actual theater rooms themselves are also clean. Chair are pretty comfortable also, but do start to get stiff if the movie is 3 or more hours long.
5	This is my favorite movie theater in Las Vegas, although I still haven't tried Galaxy and I hear it's really cool. Great location in Town Square, I usually take a stroll around  after the movie, do a little shopping and visit one of the restaurants. The seating is very comfortable in most of the theaters, with moveable arms that are well cushioned.
4	One of the best theaters in Vegas! Always very neat, clean, and the employees are nice too. The theaters seem decently sized to big and the chairs are comfortable. If I still lived in Vegas, I know I'd be going to movies here often.
5	I really like this theatre. It's great for a date or the whole family. The staff is friendly and they keep the space clean.
5	The theater is conveniently located near the southern end of the Strip. Parking is pretty easy and painless. It is located almost directly across the Yard House and you'll have to climb a flight of stairs for the entrance. As with the current trend with our society, even though there are live ticket tellers, it's much easier to just buy your tickets from one of the machines.There are plenty of comfortable seats, chairs, and sofas in the general area for you to sit and wait before catching your movie in case your theater isn't ready yet for seating.The seats here aren't the biggest, but they are nice and comfy seats. This is a nice well air conditioned place to come to, relax, and watch a movie if you need a break from partying it up on the Strip.
3	Not the nicest movie theater in town, but not the worst either.I went for the first time last night. Las Vegas Weekly offered free prescreening tickets for As Above So Below (thank you! ).  The theater is only accessible from inside Town Square so be prepared to hike the back 40.... I'm not kidding.  I meet a very nice employee but overall the staff were young, inattentive and seemed not interested in helping customers.The movie theater seemed old.  The chairs were worn and not very comfortable.  At least this was the case for theater #7.Not sure i will be back to this location.  Although, the dining options walking out of the theater ROCK!  The location is stellar from this standpoint.
5	Located in Town Square just south of the famous Las Vegas Strip. Big chairs that recline may be the norm now but these felt very comfortable. The staff was friendly and helpful, I was there for a private event and they knew all about it (trust me this is not norm for Las Vegas, often I go to a place, mention that I am there for an event and the vapid individual behind the podium looks at me like I am speaking Russian). I say check out a movie there. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	Good amount of parking.
2	Whenever we come to AMC at Town Square, we usually come to the later showings. The small line to get tickets usually takes longer than it should due to only one person selling them.. Same thing goes for the concessions. So if you're expecting to go to one of the late showings, show up early. The main thing that made me give them only 2 stars is the fact that the theaters are pretty dirty most of the time and restrooms are ALWAYS absolutely DISGUSTING!!! All the trash from the snacks and drinks are left from the movie fans from the previous movie as if the employees never checked it before the next showing. As for the restrooms, dirty toilets, toilet paper all over the floor in the stalls, and lot of the toilets are usually clogged... I would recommend to try not to use them while you're there if you can. Overall, decent movie theater with a convenient location but they need to work on keeping it clean.
2	The chairs suck! Upholstery is old and cracked on every armrest. ON EVERY ARMREST!!!!!!Also the movie was scheduled to start at 1205. It's 12 FREAKING 30 and no flick yet.JESUS!!!!
4	Great location movie place. Lunch, dinner, drinks and a movie, or before - after the kids can play in the park or walk the Square. After a horrible outing at Galaxy in Henderson, we returned here (see Galaxy review for the details). The staff was very accommodating to our needs, the theater was clean (arm rests need a re-do), and the picture - sound was good. After we walked the Square, and had fun to round out the day. Easy in and out parking. Just wish the wife our join the movie outings! Great location for the South Vegas folks, and no need to Casino enter, or take the associated smoke hit to clothes.
4	Nice theatre, great location for us.  As with most theatres the price is certainly too high.  But not so much that we refuse to pay...
1	It kind of sucks when you have a phone # and no one answers the phone even during regular business hours, which makes me wonder business these days care less about customer's and just want our money , Its annoying to call them and no one answer's the phone. My last experience wasn't really great there was Food on the seats when I went in to watch a movie, They should learn a thing or two about service
3	This AMC needs to do a better job in clean up. Yes I get that movie theaters are pretty dirty in general. But usually when I go to my movie, the visible trash are all cleared. A group of friends and I went to see a movie showing, and in the aisles and seats were empty cups, lots of popcorn, and napkins. When we got to our row of seats, there were used napkins and food crumbs. There were random food bits on my seat that I didn't discover until I walked out the theater with random popcorn kernals and candies stuck to my thigh. The only redemption is that this place is relatively cheap for movie theaters. Prices very depending on show time, day of the week, and special features (ex. 3D). One adult ticket can be as cheap as $5 to as expensive as $15. It's completely worth it to go to a weekday movie before 6 PM for only $5. Lastly, the venue is nice because if you purchase a ticket early, you can always kill time walking around Town Square.
1	I have been here 2 times in the last month and the attention to detail has slipped. Both times the screens were black with audio well past the posted starting time. The most recent I had to find staff to actually turn the screen on. Then after 5 mins had to find staff to put the correct audio on to the picture. Very irritating and disappointing. Won't be back to this theatre for awhile.
1	I don't think I will ever return to AMC theaters. We came in on a Monday night, and I went to the concession stand and ordered a hot tea. One of the guys double checked if there was tea and there was, he presented me the tea list. Then, another employee came over and said that I could not order hot tea because he counted the tea already. Yes, he told me that. A paying customer was denied a sale during business hours because inventory was done and an employee did not want to re-do the count, or at least minus 1 off of it. So my boyfriend went back to the concession stand and conveniently they were out of tea this time....oh and coffee also (I guess they did inventory for that too). Wow, I'm shocked at their staff!
4	AMC is a great theater, this location is very convenient for me. The snacks are good, always fresh and the theater staff is always very polite and helpful. The theaters are clean and their seats are comfortable.
3	I was there early and they have their endless commercials of Front and Center.  They has a commercial for over active bladder and there's an app that remind when u can pee and poop...nice going AMC
4	Best theater in vegas, just have to sneak in ur four loco's lol they have the huge seats that you might not want to leave and the staff is amazing
3	This theater is always packed so get there early because you will have to wait in line to get tickets.  Good selection of movies and times.  Too ad you have to pay for Rewards Club that other Theaters give you for free.  Food combos are pricey.
2	AMC is alright but knew when RAVE left it would go downhill with prices, specials and appearances. It's alright, nothing in comparison to RAVE though.
4	It's clean. It's big. It's easy to find. It's got all the new movies you want to see. It doesn't have anything special in particular to offer. But the seats are comfy, the floors are clean, the bathrooms always have toilet paper, and the snack area is well-stocked. Is there really much more you can ask from a movie theatre? And this location rocks as it's in Town Square. So it makes dinner and movie date night uber easy.
3	Seats and armrests need a major overhaul but other then that not a bad place.  Customer service was friendly popcorn was hot and fresh but out of coca cola. Heard a customer complaining that this was 3 days in a row they were out.  Maybe supplier problem. Screen was large and nice clear picture. Looked like they have recently been replaced.
4	Good selection of movies due to its size (18 movie auditoriums), comfy stadium size seating, easy access to shops, dining and bars, plenty parking space, awesome surround sound and the service is exceptionally well. Only 4 stars because it is a drive to get here.
1	I attend movies at this theater, ONLY if I have no choice.Yes, the theaters are spotlessly clean, the food and drinks are terrific, and the staff are polite and friendly beyond belief.So why am I giving this place only ONE star?The concessions are woefully overpriced and this place (unlike their competitors) offers NO SENIOR CITIZEN DISCOUNTS!Correct those two things, and I would amend my review to give them FIVE stars.
5	Movies ok it a stair master workout to get to the entrance. Free refills on sodas. Seats are nice and have fill up s for snuggling. Popcorn is self buttered and super are comfy. The movie was a little crazy Grimm like musical.
4	Theater has very convenient showtimes and the seats are good. The theater is always busy especially on weekends so try to get your tickets online.
4	Nice, clean theater, shoes did not stick to the floor.Wanted to try Assisted listening device, Jonathan, manager on duty tried to get the device to work for me. Once the previews started he came back to check on if it was working, now he knows that theater 18 needs to be serviced too. He was really a great service person, involved with customer.
4	Good location, clean, and cheaper than Regal at Red Rock I quite like AMC Town Square based on my two visits and with ample parking, comfortable seats, and good sight lines plus matinee prices the only thing really missing here is an IMAX.  Factor in the nearby shopping to help you kill time while waiting for a film, a few decent dining options, and some of the earliest showtimes in town and I'd say I'm a fan.
4	Great!
