2	I let my Costco membership expire when this Sam's Club near my house opened up.  At first it was nice but then the honeymoon wore off.  The selection was not as good and the service was horrible.  It seems the last few times I have gone the person in front of me buys something from the security cage.  It has taken what seems like 20 minutes for them to get the manager who has the key and get the item every time.  The manager is at a podium 20 yards away and the secure cage is 20 yards in the other direction.  I don't expect Olympic pace but this is not even a snail's pace.  Then the service at the food counter is also horrible continuing with the theme.  The employees walk around behind the counter like they are laboring just to move around and it hurts them to grab a hot dog out of the container and put it in a bun and wrapper for you.  To drive it home they might throw it on the counter for you like they did for me.Even though the Costco is a few more miles away and much busier all I have to say is Costco here I come.
4	This is one of the newer Sam's Clubs in town. It's not usually busy either. I barely ever see a lot of people here. Service here is spotty. It's either pretty good or pretty bad. I guess it depends on who you get. Selection is ok. Not as good as Costco but they also carry stuff that Costco might not have.
4	Who doesn't want a membership! Once a year for a small amount, you can get a new membership or renew one and it allows you to use you card for discounted prices for grocery, clothing, health and beauty products, really a wide variety of stuff, and even gas. You can spend a lot if you let yourself, that is if you like to shop on a whim. But if you know what you want or need before you go and stick to it, you are less likely to over spend. If you want to compare prices and make sure you are getting a good price, go when there is less crowds (anyone know when that is, let me know), be sure to bring pen and paper, and take notes. That way when you are hunting for the best price for that new big screen or computer printer, you can remember where you saw it at and what the stats were. Really if you are buying for a small business or a large family and want to buy bulk this place is great, but if you are a small family, or like myself, with just me and my hubby, not so cheap when buying bulk of anything, unless of course you can freeze, preserver, or store it! I love checking out any Sam's, sometimes I find items at one but not the other. But for the most part, they have the same thing. Every store I have been has always been clean, well organized, and yes, crowded.
3	This is not a bad Sams club. I love shopping there for stuff that are usually more expensive at normal grocery stores. The selection is ok, and the service could be better. We like to tank gas at their gas station, because their gas is usually 10 - 20 cents cheaper than other gas stations. We bought a grill from them in September which was discounted for 80 Dollars. We were very happy with the deal and loved our grill until it stopped working after only 2 months. We took it back and they had the same grill but for $199. We talked to the manager but he said there is nothing he can do for us and we have to pay the extra money to get an exchange. I thought this was pretty disappointing. We ended up getting the money back and going home without a new grill.
2	Costco knockoff except, horrible service patented by Wal-Mart. Everytime I go in here there are 20 people working here and only 2 registers open. Plus if you want a drink or a Hot Dog there is 1 person sometimes 2 people working that booth and 10 people in line. I let my membership expire and I will not renew. I would rather drive the extra 5 miles to Costco.
3	90% of my visits here consist of only prchasing gas here at their gas station, the membership has paid for itself many times over in their fuel savings. When I visit their store for purchases, their selection is awesome and their pharmacy is prompt with Rx. The only reason why it's not 5 star worthy is because no matter how busy it gets, they only have two registers open at any one time. When you're in a rush the slightly inept cashiers are mind-numbingly slow and grumpy.
4	Whenever I go out on my monthly Sam's Club foray, it is with some trepidation. For, I am always tempted to buy new, interesting items that attract my attention, and it is difficult to resist the bakery's great birthday cakes with butter-cream frosting. In fact, that cake is so good that twice now I have bought one with no birthday to celebrate in sight! Each time It took at least 5 days for my small two-person household to polish off the whole creation--accompanied with vanilla ice cream of course. This time I had the willpower to pass the cake section without taking one home, even though a chocolate and vanilla variety looked fetching. But a few new items that I had never seen before were intriguing and wound up in the cart; namely 57th Street Grille's Cheddar & Bacon Potato Skins and bags of Lay's Dill Pickle and Carolina BBQ potato chips. A two-bag purchase is required to walk out with chips, so I had my excuse to buy them both. These joined a giant Hebrew National salami that lasts 6 weeks, a case of 12 cans of Del Monte Green Lake cut green beans, and a 20-bar pack of gold Dial soap bars. What also looked good that I made a note to perhaps try later if still being sold (because offerings of specialty frozen items change a lot at Sam's Club) were Chicken Parm and Chicken Piccata in Lemon-Garlic-Butter Sauce by Michael Angelo, Sea-Pak's Jumbo Butterflied Shrimp, and Ore-Ida Sweet Potato Fries. Fresh produce also beckoned: 1-1/2 pounds of giant snow-white mushrooms sold for $3.98; colorful assortments of 13 small red, yellow, and orange Sweet Baby Bell Peppers with nary a green pepper in sight, sold in 1-1/2 pound lots by the bag for $5.98; and 2-pound packages of fresh and tender green beans also available for $5.98. As always, lightly bronzed and seasoned cooked Rotisserie Chicken sweating inside a see-through plastic dome caught my eye on the way to the register, but I resisted that temptation on this outing, as well.
1	Grumpy, grumpy, grumpy cashiers!  My husband tried to purchase a storage unit for inside the garage and was treated so rudely he wanted to apologize for disturbing them!  Who needs this kind of treatment in this day and age!
4	Well my wife and i go to sams alot for pet food and miscellaneous goodies we use alot ....the main thing to remember about sams is they sell in bulk.....BUT the samples and shopping experience is always a good one .....the downfall is you have to be a member which is about 50 bucks a month depending on what plan you get....but i really enjoy it for the bulk items
2	Don't ask why, but I have a membership to the two big bulk warehouse stores in the area. I agree with other reviewers, in this town Costco blows Sam's Club out of the water.The one thing that I really can't stand about going bulk shopping on the weekends is the crowds. I get especially nervous wearing flip flops to stores like this- I'm terrified someone's going to clip the back of my heels, but this particular Sam's Club doesn't seem as packed as other warehouse stores, even on Sunday. I'll admit it, I LOVE SAMPLES! This was my first time to this Sam's, and I felt the sample offering left a lot to be desired. 3 small pieces of overly tart fruit (mango, pineapple, apple), half a chicken fry, stuffed salmon (the only thing delicious), clamato juice, mini pancakes. I feel like when I go to Costco, they sample out at least 2-3 things that we MUST have (chicken/spinach sausages, sushi, specialty flatbreads..) but even the salmon was a little iffy- we left without purchasing anything.A few things I'd noticed had better prices than Costco, but there's always going to be price differences. If you're undecided between the two chains, you might want to go with someone who has a membership and check the prices on the products you plan to purchase regularly. If you're looking for a better shopping experience, you definitely need to check out Costco.
2	Sam's club ia a bit like a bigger version of walmart made like a sort of Costco. But Costco set the bar way up there. And usually Sam's Club isn't too shabby but shit I went to this sams club because it was close. The first time I went it was to look around and the second time I just wanted a hot dog and my god what horrified me the most was their condiment area napkins cup covers and straw papers were everywhere it looks so dirty. It looked like it hadnt been cleanned for a week and the trash cans were overfilled. Today I went and I couldnt find parking! not because it was full but because of inconsiderate assholes leaving carts and trash all over the parking lot I also saw an individual that was outside who wasnt doing his job he was taking a smoke break. Correct me if i'm wrong but if the parking lot looked like shit people shouldnt have time to have smoke breaks, you should be making sure the place looks acceptable and not like garbage.And yeah its not his fault people suck but just like in resturants workers still have to clean up the place. And today the only condiment available was ketchup.. a hotdog is lonely without mustard and relish maybe onions. They should fix that. I dont want to eat a sad hotdog.The only reason ill still go to this sams is because the others are pretty far.
3	Sams is my place when I dont feel like driving to costco. i really like their rotis. chickens ( when they are available ) Which is rare please get another rotis. oven sams. I  like how I can select two items for the same price i.e english muffins and raisin bread blah blah blah. But they really need to open more lines. I can tell its a walmart run company. But I keep going so they must be doing something right.
5	By far the friendliest Sam's Club I ever been to.  I went first thing in the morning and the place was pretty much empty.  I was in and out in 30 minutes.  Friendly employee helped me carry by 50lbs bag of rice.  even suggested that I go online and place a order and arrange a pick up date.  They will pull the items for me.  How awesome is that!  I love it!
1	terrible customer service no manager available when it takes 25 minutes to make a pretzel and a previous visit they shut yogurt machine down 2 hours before closing
5	We have memberships to both Costco and Sam's - mainly because we moved and there's  Sam's right next door. The Sam's Club experience is the opposite of everything we hate about trips to Costco. No matter what time of week/day it is, it's never swarming with people who have seemingly never shopped in a public place, it's easy to find parking, the staff is friendly and they have some great Gluten Free options. :) Now we visit nearly every weekend.
1	Wow! The worst service ever all employees had an attitude and was quick to respond with a rude attitude I hate places like this!!!! Ima just stick with Costco !!! Ugh!!!! I'm so mad!!!!!! Even if they offer me somethin I wouldn't come back !!!
5	Love this store always everything i need and so cheap when you have a family ain't  nothing like sams club im always here love this place and my family loves it we can spend 3 hours in there then be like wow we been here 3 hours already lol
