3	I was so excited to see a Culver's open up right by where I live. I haven't had it since I moved out here from the Midwest. Their chicken tenders are the best and I always get them. You really can't get them anywhere else. They're super juicy but crispy at the same time. However, I'm going to be unbiased and write my review for this location only.The food, as I mentioned before, was great and just like what I remembered. The service and atmosphere, that's another story. I understand that they just opened very recently so they probably still have some training/kinks to work on. I'll definitely be back and will update my rating if they deserve it. Strike one, the first thing you notice when you walk in is the stench. It smelled like a mixture of rotten eggs and a gas station restroom. I noticed it was really bad where you order your food and wasn't so bad in the seating area. They really need to work on their ventilation or something. It's really hard to enjoy your food when you have to smell that. Strike two, when I received my food, I noticed that I was given regular fries instead of sweet potato fries. I told the person who brought them to me that I had ordered the sweet potato fries. She walked off with my food and her attitude. She came back a little later and asked if I was sure if I ordered the sweet potato fries because on the ticket, it didn't say that I ordered them and apparently it's a dollar extra for sweet potato fries. Umm, yes I'm sure I know what I ordered. And really? A dollar for sweet potato fries? Most restaurants just sub the two. Either way, it was clearly their mistake and she could have been more accommodating or just gave me the sweet potato fries and lost a dollar. I was with a bunch of my coworkers who had never gone before and I was really excited for them to try it out. The service we got did not leave the best taste in their mouths. They also got a few other orders wrong but we didn't say anything because we already saw how unhelpful they were with me. Strike three, some of us went back up to the counter to order dessert and cheese curds because no one had them before and wanted to try them out. The man who brought us the desert took our number holder and we pointed out to him that we had more food coming too and he said, "I just do the desserts." That's kind of a weird system and seems very inefficient. Why wouldn't you just bring one cement mixer and one cheese curd out at the same time? He finally understood that we still needed the number on our table for our other food and left. This one girl also kept coming by as we were waiting for our food asking if we needed anything else. Um, our food? But really, what else would we need? It was really awkward that she kept asking since everything is pretty much self served.So overall, their food is really good and I'm so glad they opened near me. Their service on the other hand sucked. Hope they fix it soon!
5	OMG! I finally got to eat here the other night and i was BLOWWWWWN AWAY! on how amazing this food was! It was INCREDIBLE! the burgers are ridiculously good, the fries are amazing, the staff is great the prices are great! ya definitely CANNNNOT GO WRONG WITH THIS PLACE!
3	Saw this ad on TV about their chicken tenders. So I decided to give it a try. When you enter this place, it is huge. The cashiers are on your left as you enter and if you're trying to look for chicken meals, it is over in the far left of the signs. About 1/12 of the space is dedicated to the   chicken. I thought this would be a restaurant and not a fast food place.I ordered the fried chicken dinner, which can be 2 or 4 pieces, didn't see a 3 piece dinner. I ended up getting the 4 piece which is basically half the chicken. It was breast, thigh, drumstick and wings with mash potatoes, biscuit and  coleslaw. The chicken was tasty, mashed potatoes was a bit dry and the coleslaw was OK. Since I had dinner by myself, I'll have to take my wife here for lunch so we can try the butter burgers.
3	Not a fan of the entrees so much (they are too salty for me), but the Frozen Custard is always great.
4	Culver's turned out to be a pretty decent place. Being an East Coast transplant, I had no idea what Culver's was all about. I had heard that it was a burger joint. I had heard it was an ice cream place. Turns out that it's both. And, ultimately, this place is at LEAST average on both fronts.The wife, daughter, and I were in the area, and we were looking for something new to eat. We wanted something that didn't immediately make us say, "Ugh...I'm so tired of *fill-in-the-blank*." This new Culver's was just what we were seeking.The restaurant is brand new, having opened its doors just about a month ago. So, the facility is in immaculate shape. Everything is fresh and clean, making for a pleasant dining experience.The first thing about this place that caught my eye was a gilded calf just inside the main entrance http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/a58ItFHWoVwVWDqSH_9bEw?select=Wrvpw66fEyR8neoZYmjjXg#-t9iRllIvbKBLZaWjcL69Q. I think I understand why it's there...most of Culver's items come right from cows (burgers, cheese curds, etc). So, the "cow" is their proverbial gold mine. (I'm definitely not an art critic...but, that's what the art says to me.)The next thing that got to me was the menu http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/a58ItFHWoVwVWDqSH_9bEw?select=Wrvpw66fEyR8neoZYmjjXg#XiNJDI7eiKOrxdYWZeoj1w. The menu is completely automated, making for a very clean and sleek appearance. I dig it when things are simple, yet effective. This nifty menu meets both criterion.This place is, ultimately, a "create your own burger" type of place. When you go, it would behoove you to have a pretty good idea of what it is that you want on your burger. For me, I love bacon and jalapenos. All you have to do at Culver's is ask for what you want. How easy is that?Now, I don't know about you, but I HATE the process of putting a lid on my drink. I'd like to think that I'm not a paranoid germaphobe, but when it comes to drink lids, even I am weak. I always grab two lids...just so I can throw away the top lid to get to the untainted bottom lid. Here at Cluver's, they've completely eliminated my irrational fear of germs. They have a "lid dispenser" that pulls one lid automatically every time you close and open the lid http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/a58ItFHWoVwVWDqSH_9bEw?select=Wrvpw66fEyR8neoZYmjjXg#BETqeWzMkBhyr4dGaankvQ. Yes, Yes, Y-E-S!!!Ultimately, the food was decent. The burger was thin, but I could tell that it was because they pounded the heck out of it with a meat tenderizer. The choice of jalapenos and bacon are ALWAYS a good choice, in my opinion. Thankfully, they also have sweet potato fries.Since the weather has broken, outdoor seating has become prime real estate. Culver's has an outdoor seating area that wraps around half of the building http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/a58ItFHWoVwVWDqSH_9bEw?select=Wrvpw66fEyR8neoZYmjjXg#GSj8kIUJhW5lizAQ_rDxzg. We didn't notice any misters, but there were some pretty decent fans.At the end of our meal, my daughter pointed out that there was a coupon for a free scoop of the ice cream "flavor of the day" on the back of her meal bag http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/a58ItFHWoVwVWDqSH_9bEw?select=Wrvpw66fEyR8neoZYmjjXg#e7cavSkGnPWDcMH5LS_Syw. All you have to do is peel this coupon off of the kids' meal bag, and your child gets a cone filled with one scoop of that particular day's flavor. Thankfully for us, today's flavor was "Double Marshmallow Oreo". What delicious mess this cone made! Being that this place is just around the corner from where we live, I envision that my daughter and I will share many a cone from this place!
5	Went for lunch today. Always good. I am so happy they came out from Wisconsin to bring is butterburgers and cheese curds!
1	I went here last night because all my mid-west friends said it was amazing!  I have to say I was very disappointed!  Not to mention that I'm pretty sure my burger had a piece of bone or rock in it.  I bit down and seriously thought I chipped one of my molars.  Do yourself a favor and go to In N Out or for that matter McDonald's!
5	i stopped in this evening at the loathing thought of having to cook during finals week.  I decided to walk in so i could take my time looking at the menu.  I was greeted right away as i walked in, and my first thoughts were 'wow this place is really clean'.  I stepped up to the counter and Jacob was eager to help me pick out something, making several recommendations of items on the menu he liked.  I decided to go with the crispy chicken sandwich. When i got home and opened my box, i realized that this was the first time i had ever gotten fast food and what i ordered actually looked as good as the picture!  the taste did not let me down one bit either! overall, Culver's appears to be clean, staffed well with employees eager to help and give great service, and the food exceeds my expectations of what i would expect from a fast food joint.  I must say also that i have tried their custard on several different occasions from another location and they are fantastic! i am regretting not ordering a vanilla custard with oreos as i type this!
5	What a fantastic location and the customer service is fantastic.  Why?  The person that took us under his wing was Bob, the 2nd Assistant Manager and he went far beyond the norm.  We have daughter that is allergic to soy, gluten and dairy and both black beans and pinto beans so you can imagine the difficulty with getting her the proper nutrition and the right amount of protein.  When we told Bob our needs he said that he could take the fish, and cook it adding only lemon juice and a little olive oil.  That was great but he even went further, he cleaned the part of the grill that he used to remove any gluten or soy residue and had the person that makes salads use new gloves (no residue from gluten or soy).  So the meal was great and the service even better.  Thank you Bob.  As others with allergies know it is difficult to find locations to go to and get good food. So I recommend this Culver's  at Shea and the 101.
1	I just returned from Culver's and lets just say my experience was not a good one. I will say that the place was very very clean and well kept (bravo for that). There were also nice, large TV's that were showing the football game. The two young boys working the cashier were very nice. My mom was taking quite a while to look over the menu and they asked if she had any questions etc. We ordered and went to sit down in the "dining area". Once we sat down there were two employees eating. I assumed they were on their lunch break or had just gotten off work and were having a bite to eat. It was a male and a female employee. The male employee was extremely rude and obnoxious. He was sitting in the booth chewing up his food and opening his mouth to show his other co workers who were all the way across the establishment behind the cash registers. Everyone who was sitting in the "dining area" was looking at him in disgust. You are an employee, yes you are probably 15 or 16 but really? I was so grossed out by this! The he continued to do that while laying down across the booth and flailing his arms and legs knocking into the table causing a lot of noise and a scene. I don't know who the manager is, but I don't find that acceptable at all. Food:All of my midwest friends rave about this place. I honestly have no idea why. I ordered a burger. It looked nothing like what it was supposed to look like and the actual meat part of it was paper thin and crispy looking (ew). My mom ordered the pulled pork BBQ sandwich and they brought out something else but were very nice and responsive and brought out the correct food quickly. She didn't think the food was that great either. Let's just say I will not be returning, and maybe the management needs to reevaluate allowing employees to take breaks with customers, or else clean house. That is not acceptable anywhere for an employee to behave as this one did.
2	I love Culvers because it reminds me of home.  The food is usually very good and who can say anything bad about Custard.  My problem is with Culvers all over the Valley and not just this one. Employees, when you are at work, please be at work.  The last three times I have been at Culvers, I know the employees would rather be anywhere else than where they were. They have not listened to me, they constantly ask again and again what I want, they get interrupted by other employees which takes them back to square 1 cause they forget what they were doing.  Tonight I was handed off between two employees for my order.  One of the employees had never run the register before, and he was interrupted several times.  Of course my order was not correct, even after starting over 3 times to get it right.  The kid was trying, he just didnt have the training to be where he was.   Just a poor way to run a register.  I can get a burger anywhere, and probably will from now on.  Custard is making its appearance in Phoenix finally and I will have other places to go for that also.  Culvers Management, your employees need training.  They need to know that when they are working, they need to be with the Customer, treat us with respect, LISTEN TO US, and get our orders right.  Get this message out, your employees, this is not a part time job after school and you do not have to work hard.  Culvers has a good reputation all over the US.  People in Phoenix/Scottsdale can shop anywhere for food like this.  Make the experience pleasant and memorable for the right reasons and people will come back.  When they come back, you will continue to have a job.  I have no reason to come back now until it gets hot and custard is on my mind.   Give me a reason to come back for other things....
3	I recently came to this restaurant to dine in with a few children. When I came here on a Saturday, it was super busy. I think the menu is kind of busy and there is no signage up for the basic custard flavors. It took us a bit of time staring at the menu to figure out the layout  I chose the standard butter burger meal, the kids had kids meals. I really think it's great that every kids meal gets an option of having Ice Cream now or saving the coupon for later. I really thought that this place was hyped, but my burger was really good. I of course had desert. I had a mini custard with kit-kat and butter finger mixin's. Yumm.... I am pretty sure I'll be back for custard.
3	I guess the bloom is off the rose a bit.A year ago, when I told our Wisconsin friends that Culvers was opening restaurants down here, they collectively yawned.  Now it's been almost a year since the PV store opened and maybe seven months for this location.  Culver's still gets busy during lunch and dinner, but things have slowed down in a big way.  Maybe it was just the Portillo's effect? Maybe.Culver's is basically a good frozen custard place that does a nice business with burgers and fries.  Yes, there are Rubens and Chicken sandwiches as well, but they're known for their custards, which are delicious.On the hamburger front as I said they do a nice job...  but...  you knew there was going to be a but in here someplace right?  Well, the hamburgers are.. greasy.  I was here recently with some out of town friends and their napkins were soaked.  One actually removed the top of the bun to tap it dry.So after nearly a year, I'll take a pass here and go back to my Animal Style.
4	Went for the frozen custard, pleasantly surprised. Drive through only, can't attest to the inside staff, but the drive through was efficient and friendly.  The italian ice is pretty good as well.
5	Haven't tried their burgers and other sandwiches YET but intend to if they are anywhere as good as the soft freeze they serve.  Multiple flavors including a special one every day.  Decent prices, good size portions, fair prices, clean place, friendly staff. interesting looking fish sandwiches.  Soft Freeze the way it was intended to be, mmm!
3	I'm not a big fast food person, so this review is only for the ice cream at Culver's. My normal treat of choice is their chocolate malt shake, but I was craving a sundae. I ordered the Turtle, which is caramel and fudge sauce with pecans on Culver's custard. It definitely hit the spot. I like that there is no whip cream but I'm not a big fan of that on my sundaes and I could do without the cherry. Just give me plenty of fudge and caramel sauce. The location is kind of hard to get into. If you miss the first turn, you'll have to drive down to the light and circle back in the parking lot. I did that the first time I came here, but now I know better. Otherwise, it's conveniently located off the 101 and Shea. Definitely check out their custard ice cream, whether it's a shake or sundae.
3	I dabbled between three and four stars on this one, but had to go with three. My boyfriend and I decided to go here for ice cream on one of the gruesome 115 degree Arizona afternoons that we Scottsdale natives know to be so draining. After seeing countless Culver's commercials about their signature concrete mixers, ice cream sundaes and several other frozen treats, we decided to go here instead of venturing down Shea to the local Dairy Queen. Now. I was a little taken back, because I never knew Culver's was a walk-up-and-order fast food kind of joint. Silly me, I thought it was an actual place where you sit down to get burgers and ice cream. But hey. I was wrong. Nothing wrong with that. So we ventured in, ordered, and then found a seat in the dining area (that looks somewhat similar to the inside of the local Wildflower Bread Co.-- decorated with hand-blown glass flowers fake plants and whatnot). The one thing that kind of rubbed me the wrong way about this restaurant was that the dining area was completely silent. There were about five other seated parties and with no ambient music or noise from the muted television screens that hang above, it makes the atmosphere a little weird. Everyone, including us, felt obligated to have whispering conversations so that it didn't disturb the silence. It was so quiet that I could almost hear the couple in the booth behind us licking the ice cream off their spoons. Anyhow, we ordered two concrete mixers. Mine: vanilla custard with brownie chunks and snickers and his: chocolate custard with hot fudge and some other chocolate add in. (Each mixer comes with two mix-ins, each additional one after that is .50c) They were both REALLY good. Not the best I've ever eaten, but they definitely beat a Blizzard that you would get from DQ. The custard was smooth in texture, and had a really nice and pure flavor. The employees add a bunch of your mix-ins and are far from skimpy. For the custard to mix-in ratio I'd say about 1/4 of your dessert is mix-ins (which is a great ratio in my opinion). For the two 'short' mixers and a medium drink it was around $10, which really wasn't bad. The employees were helpful and seemed knowledgeable on their products. Would have been a four star if the ambiance was a little better and a lot less awkward. Quality custard, though!
4	This review is strictly for their custard. What a perfect way to fulfill a sweet tooth craving without having to get out of the car! While running some errands, we decided it was time for a sweet treat and since we were in the area, my husband decided to introduce me to the custard at Culver's. We pulled through the drive-through and I took a look at the custard menu. I was told that the Concrete Mixer is the way to go so I had to give it a try! I ordered the mini vanilla Concrete Blizzard with Heath Crunch and Reece's Peanut Butter Cups. Let me just say that the mini is no mini! With the richness of the custard along with the candy, it filled me up quickly! The custard is extremely creamy and delightful and the vanilla was very refreshing for a hot summer night. I am typically more of a chocolate fan and will get a chocolate one next time, but this time, I got to enjoy a couple bites of my husband's chocolate with Reece's and peanut butter. Yum! This is a great option if you're craving something sweet and don't want to get out of your car!
4	Culvers is really good stuff.Menu-wise, you can compare it to Sonic, except EVERYTHING here is MUCH better!I love the burgers, the sides, and anything at all made with their frozen custard.  If you like cheese, DO NOT miss the cheese curds.I'd give it 5 stars, but value factors into the equation and the bill at Culvers can really add up.
3	I don't get the hype...wasn't impressed. Our order was right and we got it pretty quickly, so 3 stars it is.
3	The thing that differentiates this place above others is the frozen custard.   Unfortunately, my chocolate mikshake was runny, not thick.  Not sure what happened.  My husband had a vanilla shake and it was fine.My daughter got a frozen custard in a cup as part of her kids meal and it was fine too. The buttered buns on the burger are pretty good, very yummy.  I got the chili and that was good too.Not sure if the staff was new, but didn't really seem to know what promotions were going on or what the different items were on the menu.  The food was decent.  Probably go again and give them a chance to redeem themselves if I was in the area.
5	best cheese curds and custard ever. Anything with strawberry is amazing!!!
3	They screwed up my order, so I was quite annoyed. Went drive through, did not check bag because it felt like a burger was in there. A burger was in there actually, but it wasn't what I ordered. A mix-up in the communications between me and drive through woman. After eating burger, communicated my frustration through satisfaction survey and received a phone call within 15 minutes of clicking send. manager was really nice and apologized and apparently, my name is at this Culver's, waiting for me to cash in on a free basket. Good follow-up skills saved this place.
3	Chain did come through with free meal. Tried to go healthy, but not a satisfying meal. The grilled chicken was a huge piece of thick cut breast, but was served dry on sort of a pretzelish bun. Had to ask for mayo from counter. The Green Beans weren't that bad with some red onions, but they seemed to be from a can or frozen, not fresh. Best part of course was the free custard of the day (after filling out receipt survey). This is where Culver's shines - Nestle crunch swirl was a great flavor of the day.
1	I don't know why anyone would ever come back here? I'm so confused how they stay in business. I ordered a Sourdough Melt that looks really good on the menu with a few layers of meat but it's a burnt sandwich and the cheese is literally thicker than the meat. I took it back and they stood by it saying their meat is pretty thin. She offered to make me another one but if there was nothing wrong with the first one in their eyes why would I want another one? Worst sandwich I've ever had. Will never come back. Not offered something else or a refund...
5	Best custard ever!  I can't seem to get enough!   This place is always clean, staff is super friendly, burgers, fries and cheese curds are scrumptious too.  Join their email club and you will get plenty of coupons, plus announcements of special event days.  They had a 1 year anniversary special where we enjoyed $1 one scoop sundaes for 4 days in a row.  YUM!
5	Even tho this is my first time ever eating at Culver's, I highly recommend their sourdough burger melt -- so good it melts in your mouth! And a shake... Can't go wrong with a shake!
2	I got a burger here.  I don't get why they don't at least try to make it good by putting in produce.  Serious waste of money.If I were judging it on the frozen custard alone, it'd get a four star.  The humanitarian in me wants to warn everyone of the other foods!  That's why it's a two star--that frozen custard is pretty amazing!
5	Culvers has awesome hsmburgers and fries. Nsughte food but dometimes you judt hsve to be naughty. Value basket and turtle sundae sre the most decadent snd yummy. Ok today just salad snd dieters tea from the 99 cents store.
4	Love the cheese curds instead of food, I was scared to order the frozen custard shake, but it was good.
1	Worst location. Terrible service! I've been to this location twice and they have no clue what they are doing. I ordered a plain cheeseburger and they gave me a hamburger. They gave no condiments at all. Last time I came here I waited 25 minutes in my car before finally going inside and getting a refund. CLEAN It Up Culver's or you'll have seen the last of me. I don't care if your foods good or not.
3	They don't have these in Cali so thought I would try it out as just another fast food burger place. When I pulled up I was plesantly surprised to see they had an extensive menue all kinds of fried food and milk shake options. I ended up ordering some chicken tender, waffel fries, with a milk shake. I gotta say it was just ok nothing too crazy but glad I tried it.
4	The custard was really good. I had the number 8 a Carmel sundae with pralines. Tasted great. Burgers taste good also.
3	First time at a Culver's after I had heard good things from multiple people. Overall, not really too impressed. I should have checked yelp and read all the great reviews about the custard as I probably would  have stuck with that.First, pretty slow for fast food. You order, pay and then pull up into a parking/waiting spot until your food comes out. Not a big issue and I guess everything is cooked to order.My main issue was the food. I had a bacon burger with cheese. Side of fries and a soda.  Pretty standard fast food meal. When I got home I pretty much had a greasy bag.  The burger was super greasy, somewhat flavorful, and kinda boring. I guess the extra grease is the added butter? I don't get it. I'm not the healthiest eater but I felt like this should have come with a side of Lipitor. The fries were good. I would go back for the fries.Next time I'm just going to get custard.
1	Awful! This is basically DQ on steroids.I asked the counter server about a few items which he had no idea about anything.Wife ordered chicken strip dinner $9 and it was essentially frozen Tyson chicken out of a bag, gross!!!! Fries were cold and soggy.I just got chili $4 for a little container and it was basically Wendy's. For $13 fast foot for 2 little items and crap food, it's a joke.Oddly, we looked around the place and noticed most diners were a bit obese, think it must be a place for mid westerners. Won't ever be back, would rather go to habit burger or in-n-out or even McDonald's for that matter. This place is a joke.
5	I absolutely love that Culver's cares that the animals from the farms where they get their meat are treated humanely and are not given any antibiotics or hormones.  I also love that they are an environmentally friendly and sustainable company with a LEED certified building.  Oh yeah, their food is awesome, too.  It's made to order, which may take a little longer than other fast food restaurants, but it is well worth the wait.  It tastes fresh, and it's delicious.  Hats off to this business!
1	Very disappointed in this place. Not very good food & no imagination ... a melt was extremely yucky!  Service sucked and the boy at the counter was very unenthusiastic & I felt didn't even want to help us.Never again.
3	We tried a few burgers which were decent for fast food (although I would prefer Wendy's) and their milkshake which was tasty & of good consistency.
