5	Looking for a classy gift for yourself or your family, check out Jay Design. The name says nothing at all about this great little find. Inside the doors from the old fashioned store front, you are welcomed into a room of soap.  Yes - that's right - soap.  Jay Design creates unique and beautifully scented soaps.  Even more unique are the vintage style wrappers and ribbon wrapping these little clean bars. You can choose from an assortment of decorative style soaps (think cupcakes, cookies, rubber ducky) or the standard bar soap - which looks french milled and so o'lala.  The bar soaps are sold hand wrapped in vintage papers designed  by a local designer.  The scents range from flower to spices to unscented bars.  There is even a bar soap for doggies. You can also buy unwrapped soaps - you pick the bars and scents from those out - per 3 or 6 a set.  A great way to stock up - I purchased six today!  (Now I just have to decide if I am going to hoard them all or give them as gifts.)I had a great time chatting with the store clerk/manager who was very informative.  They can make custom labels on bigger bars or little tags on smaller gift bars for weddings, baby showers, etc.  The pics are from their website - you can order online as well!!  So check it out - well worth the time. :)  (PS. The pictures here are from the website - I will try and get pics of the cute little store at some point.)
5	Gorgeous, high quality soaps that lather well and don't give me an allergic reaction. I especially love their Holiday/autumnal varieties and scents. A store a few blocks from my house used to carry them, which is how I got hooked, but the store recently closed for business. Luckily I can still get them online!My only real complaint is about their website. It's a mess. Very hard to navigate. I'd love to be able to read the product descriptions of each flavor before committing to a purchase, but it isn't really possible to do so, unfortunately.
4	I am so glad I discovered this place! Cute store w/ a super sweet elderly lady who works there :) I picked up a bar of olive oil soap that smells heavenly.
4	Jay Design sells gorgeous bars of soap. I bought several scents as gifts for family and they fell in love with them. They smell wonderful and come beautifully wrapped in ornate paper. These bars of soap make perfect Christmas gifts.
5	Fabulous soaps, friendly owners, and convenient store hours.
