5	Old school, but not old.  Like his 1961 VW bus, Eli embodies the qualities of an earlier era -  he's polite, courteous, talented and provides quality work at reasonable rates.  He's the man!
5	Hired Eli for one project so far.  He was on time, completed the job in a timely manner, and did a great clean-up for the price quoted.  Friendly, efficient, knowledgeable.  We plan on keeping Eli busy for awhile!
4	I hired Eli based on a recommendation from a local Realtor. I had quite a honey-do list of things around my house. He came and gave me a quote for the items. His price was reasonable, and I immediately felt comfortable with Eli.He arrived on the work day on time. He worked through my items quickly but without rushing. I felt he respected my time. He also cleaned up thoroughly, which is a rare thing I find today. After he arrived, I had a couple more items I needed done. He gave me a quote for them, and added one to that day's work. He returned another time to complete the other task.I would recommend Eli to anyone who needs a wide range of handyman tasks completed.
5	I just purchased a 4 unit building and needed a handy man to take care of some maintenance.  He just finished the work and I have to say he did a great job.  He was on time, reasonably priced, organized and did quality work...a rare find these days.  I will continue to use him for all my properties and would highly recommend him.
5	I used Eli to renovate our condo that was built in 1950. Although we tried to keep as much of the charm as possible, we had to replace the doors and jambs, bathroom tile, vanities and baseboards.  Eli was able to get the work done quickly and for a fair price. He was also great to be around and his van is the coolest! As an interior designer, I've also recommended him to my clients. Thanks, Eli!
5	Came out to my house and installed CAT5 cable in a residential home.  No one else would come out for under 1000$ (my total was 300).  He came out and fished 6 lines and fixed a wall after having to cut it due to blockage.  Long story short he did a fast professional job.   He also cleaned up after and was courteous .
5	Eli was recommended by a friend, and he did an excellent job fixing a door that was always scraping on the threshhold. He removed the door, shaved off a portion from the bottom, added a shim under the threshhold to raise it up, and rehung the door. It now works perfectly!! He was on time and had all the tools he needed to get the job done quickly and at a fair price.
5	I called Eli after the original handyman I wanted to go with never answered his phone or returned voicemails. Eli answered his phone on my first call, and was awesome from that point on. He was more than willing to work with my schedule and add me at the last second, after he had a Saturday cancellation. His mission: install our new cat door. It was something he could do, so I was happy. On appt. day, he was early (yes!), and in and out in less than 45 minutes. He did it for a great price as well. I'm keeping his business card handy, and my family is now going to use him for something. All this business for Eli, all by answering his phone. Thanks Eli.
5	We had a handyman we used within our family who all of a sudden dropped off the face of the earth and wouldn't return our calls after failing to not show up for a scheduled appointment.  Eli was referred to us by a family friend of ours. Eli showed up on time, he and his partner were efficient in completing my honey-do list. Eli was great to work with and rates seemed reasonable. So far so good... keeping fingers crossed we found our one and only..
5	I reached out to a few different handymen before reaching Eli, and they were either unresponsive or only charged by the hour.  Eli was very responsive, and was able to provide a reasonable estimate over the phone, at a per job rate.  He and his employee Dana performed all of the work themselves, completed the work in a few hours, did a wonderful job, and were a pleasure to have in my home.  Eli is now in my contacts and will absolutely be my regular handyman for any and all tasks.
5	Needed to find a handyman to help me fix up a short-sale home I purchased in Mesa.  I live in Washington state, so don't know anyone there.  Received recommendations for handymen from my realtor and a couple other people, but none of them were available the week of Christmas when I was there.In desperation I hit the internet and found ELI THE HANDYMAN via his website.  Best find I could have hoped for!  E-mailed Eli, then we spoke on the phone the same day.  He was prompt to e-mail a written bid, and was set up to take payment via credit card.  Nice when you're from out of town as I am!Eli proved to more than I could have hoped for.  He lined up a house cleaner, painter & tile crew, plus he and Dana (his employee) met me there Saturday morning at 8:00 AM to get the ball rolling.   He took Sunday off (don't blame him!), then he and his painter worked all day Monday (Christmas Eve...amazing!).  The rest of the week he worked tirelessly replacing ceiling fans, repairing water damage, installing new doors  and more things than I can remember.  Eli even got me a discount on the paint.I give Eli my highest recommendation.  He's ethical, knows how to do most anything, is fair in his pricing and has great subcontractors to call in for specialty work.  Couldn't be happier in my overall experience with Eli the Handyman.  He's now in my phone contacts, and I will call him every time I need work done.Lee Ford
4	Called to make an appointment to get a price. They were able to get me right in. Dana the helper called when running late which I find to be awesome customer service now a days. Dana determined I had bad light fixtures. Instead of having to reschedule to get them fixed Dana ran right to Home Depot bought new lights and got the work done in a very reasonable time and price. Will use them again for sure.
5	Outstanding!  After finding nothing but stellar reviews here and at Kudzu, I hit up Eli for several small jobs - installing 3 new light fixtures, and a new kitchen faucet.  Set up for a 10am Saturday appointment (VERY convenient), service handled by his employee Rudy.  Rudy was on time, personable, knew what he was doing, and when he hit a slight snag when installing the faucet (my existing tubing was a different size than what the new faucet was rigged for), he ran to Home Depot, picked up the appropriate adapter, and carried on.  Cleaned up thoroughly when he was done, even hauled away the crappy old light fixtures.  Price was VERY reasonable.  A 10-star experience, and I will definitely use Eli again when the need for a handyman arises.  Thank you Eli & Rudy!
5	I called Eli for the first time to help out with a few jobs I had been dreading.  I needed a new garage door opener installed and I also had a shower that had a steady drip.  Two jobs that I had felt just about anyone would get it right no matter who I hired.  A third job however was to install a new range hood but instead of venting back into the house like my current hood, I wanted it vented outside.  This had me nervous but I decided to go with Eli based on his Yelp reviews.  I have to say that all three jobs were executed perfectly.  He brought the range vent up through my cabinets and into my attic where he went up through the tile roof.  Certainly not a trivial job but the final result looks like it was installed when the house was built.  The venting was taped off perfectly and the holes he drilled perfectly fit the tubing.  He showed up on time to the minute and did a great job cleaning up all of the dust and debris from the cutting and drilling.  The shower cartridge was a 15 year old original so thank god I did not attempt to do that myself.  He ended up having to drill it out as it was locked in tight.  I am really happy with the all of the work and he and his co-worker were respectful of my home and I felt very comfortable with them in my home.  I work from home and I'm on the phone most of the day and hardly felt like they were there.  I will certainly use them again.
2	Edit - I bumped up from one to two stars - adding a star for Eli's attentiveness to my issues, which I really appreciate and which gives testament to the positive experiences other folks have described.Eli has personally contacted me through a Yelp message to follow up on the issues I've described. I've edited the original review to include his responses in the appropriate places.  Ultimately though, I still have to rely on the feedback of my tenants, who were just not comfortable with the experience they had.  And since I cannot be there in person to handle these things myself, I must rely on their judgment.  Original Review:I am so disappointed I didn't get the five star experience most seem to enjoy from Eli.  My husband and I moved to WA and are renting our town home in Mesa to some friends and a few repair jobs had built up.  I first tried calling Eli and after the phone rang like 20 times, there was finally a voicemail I could leave a message on...for a minute I was worried I had the wrong number since it rang so long.  **edit: Eli has said this has been addressed so that when they cannot answer the line due to attending other issues, like repairs, it will be picked up by voicemail earlier.** I then realized I had accidentally switched two digits when leaving my phone number in the message so I followed up with an email.  I got an email reply from Eli fairly quickly - a promising sign - confirming he got my messages and that he would be contacting our tenants to set up an appointment in order to take a look at the issues and get us a quote.According to my tenants, the guy who showed up appeared to have no idea how to address the issues I had outlined.  The light pull cord on one of the upstairs ceiling fans was broken (it no longer responded to pulling) but the light and the fan still worked.  This guy's solution? Replace the entire ceiling fan.  Uh, what?  If you Google this issue it's a fairly easy repair to the pull switch inside the light cover (which is exactly what the handyman we ended up hiring did).  **edit: Eli says the guy did indicate the pull switch could be replaced but suggested replacing the entire fan because it was older and this was outlined in the quote.  Unfortunately, this is not what my tenants understood from their conversation with him and I did not receive the quote.** The guy was also supposed to look at the side gate as the hardware had become loose.  He didn't even look at this.  **edit: Eli says the man he send out did look at a rolling shield door that covers the glass sliding door leading out to the patio.  This was not in the service request as we already had someone from the Roll-A-Shield company scheduled to come look at it.  This could have been a mix-up on the tenant's part, but my email request did specifically mention the side gate on the patio, not a rolling shield door. Eli says the quote would have recommended us contacting the Roll-A-Shield company for this issue, so I do appreciate them recognizing repairs outside their skill set and giving proper referrals.**It has been over a week since the guy was out there and I have yet to hear anything from Eli or anyone else regarding the quote I requested.  **edit: Eli says he did email me the quote a few days after the guy was out there, but I cannot find it. It may have been swept up by my spam filter or Eli said its always possible they accidentally  misspelled my email address when sending it out.**  Since my tenants did not get good vibes from this house call, I contacted another handyman service for a second opinion and the guy has already been out, given me a quote, and done the repairs for a really good price.
5	I used Eli for the first time. My upstairs Arcadia doors were not sealed correctly and in the last huge storm I had rain coming through my family room ceiling. They did a consult and estimate which I found very fair. They completed the job very quickly. They did not leave any mess whatsoever. They were very friendly. They were able to repair my ceiling as well as fix the problem with my doors. My bill ended up being cheaper than the estimate!! I will definitely use them again!
5	There comes a time in every mans life when he has a home project that he  cannot do or knows he will mess up.  That is when you need to call Eli The Handyman!Rudy the handyman came to our rescue!  He replaced a garbage disposal and fixed a running toilet.The work was completed quickly, was done correctly and he cleaned up when he was done.  The price was right and I am sure I'll be calling them again.
5	I used Eli to install some interior doors. I initially spoke to a women over the phone who scheduled my appointment. She gave me a rough estimate and was able to answer all of my questions. When Eli came out to measure he actually offered a less expensive alternative which I was very pleased to hear.  He had speedy turn around, was reasonably priced and did a nice job. I would definitely hire him again and will recommend him to friends and family.
5	I've used Eli and his team 3 separate times now. Once to hang my flat screen tv and a very large mirror, another time to hang curtain rods and some pendant lights and finally a third time to install a dog door. They are consistently punctual, are available to do work on Saturdays and always do a fantastic job. What more could you ask for?It's really nice to have some professional and reliable go-to guys for handling projects around the house. I used to think I could do all this stuff myself but paying these pros just saves me so much time and hassle. They are worth EVERY PENNY!Thanks Eli and team!Scott
5	I have used Eli several times and they have done an excellent job every time! I'm very pleased with their work and especially their prices. I will hire them again. Thanks Eli!
5	I just recently used Eli for the first time based on reviews I read here on Yelp.I had wanted to install an interior door between our master bedroom and bathroom for years. I still don't understand why modern builders find it acceptable to simply put an archway or empty doorway between these two rooms. Anyway, over the past few years I had called several places to get quotes on getting this project done. It was always just out of my budget, so I put it off. Recently, I decided to just bite-the-bullet and get it done.I called Eli once, and the rest of the communications were through email (which was perfectly fine with me, due to my crazy work schedule). The door I needed, to match the rest of my house, needed to be ordered. I paid the deposit to get the door ordered, and when it arrived a couple weeks later we scheduled the install.Eli and Rudy arrived exactly when they said they would, almost to the minute. They were very professional, extremely courteous, and their attention to detail is admirable.There were no surprise charges, and I paid the remaining balance immediately after they finished, which was only a couple hours after noon.I plan to use Eli again in the future for some additional projects that I keep putting off, and I highly recommend him.
5	We have hired Rudy several times for stuff around the house, and there is nothing he cannot do! He has installed a dog door, replaced the bathroom faucets, rewired lighting and just done a ton of smaller things. My husband and I are total idiots around the house -- seriously, replacing a smoke alarm battery is a triumph -- and having Eli  and Rudy around has been such a huge help. Thanks, Eli!
5	Eli had rehung my closet door and did a great job. He was polite and professional.Defiantly will do business again.
5	We have used Eli The Handyman for years and my apologies for not posting sooner.  Eli and his crew have been so helpful with every service call we have ever made.  Despite his busy schedule, he always continues to amaze in terms of timeliness, quality of work, efficiency, and price.  If you use Eli the Handyman you will get a courteous, high-quality and trusty handyman service and that's speaking from year's of experience and probably 30 house calls and emergencies over the years on several houses and properties.  Eli, Rudy and the entire team's  professionalism, reliability and quality is bar none the best we've ever seen.  We highly recommend you contact Eli for any services you need.....he can do it, and has proven time and time again to do it all.  Thanks Eli again for today's service call and every other one you've done for me, my family and friends.  You rock!
5	My husband and I have been using Eli The Handyman exclusively for over 5 years for services and upgrades on our properties. Based on our satisfaction and referrals, he has also serviced countless friends and family members....the feedback is always the same. "Eli and team are simply fantastic.... The last Handyman I will ever hire." TRUSTWORTHY, efficient, talented, friendly and affordable. For me, allowing contractors into my home was always uncomfortable. (Where do I hide the valuables, will they invade my privacy, etc.) With Eli, this thought never crossed my mind, after our first service appointment. He personally supervises all jobs and ONLY employes a hand-selected group of like-minded, talented professionals who share his same work ethic and integrity. No project is too big, or too small and his work stands on its own. I feel blessed to have found Eli The Handyman and know he'll do great work for you, too! (Lastly, it doesn't hurt, that he's one cool dude!) Thank for everything you've done for us, Eli! Above and Beyond is an understatement.
3	I was generally satisfied with the work that was actually completed, but was VERY disappointed in the estimate process, and the fact that when the tech came up with the quote it was THREE TIMES what I originally got over the phone.  I explained that there would be some excavation of my existing conduit, as well as that I THOUGHT it was covered, but couldn't guarantee the condition, and anticipated about a 50% increase from the phone estimate to what I was willing to pay.  The Indoor work which the tech told me should be no problem was quoted as more than what I received as a quote for the WHOLE JOB.  Again, the work they did was done well, but I was disappointed that there was such a discrepancy between the phone conversation and what was quoted in home.
5	I am impressed beyond words at the job Dana did at my house today. We had him remove a phone jack and patch up the walls; the texture is so close no one will ever know the phone jack used to be there. We also had two TV's that we wanted to hide the cords to. In all of his wisdom, he recommended we add outlets behind the TV's instead of running wires down the wall...GENIUS! He took his time, was patient and did such a fabulous job.I can't wait to find more things for him to do around our house!
5	Rudy came over today and was very polite and professional. I highly recommend this company. I kept throwing different jobs at him, some which I never even mentioned when I made the appointment, and he was happy to do it all.
5	I've used Eli the Handyman twice and both times I have been super happy. Eli and his crew remodeled a bathroom for me and it turned out amazing. They laid new tile, light fixtures, mirror, and installed a new vanity. Reliable, on time, professional, and affordable!
5	I have hired Eli 3 times now to repair items in my home and we've been overly satisfied with the work and cost each and every time. Our 1st repair was to have ceiling fans installed in our kitchen and bedroom, where none existed. This was in 2013, shortly after we bought our vintage (1954) home. We  had an extra doorway in our kitchen that wasn't needed and had Eli and his team patch up the hole. It's like it never existed. Gorgeous! We also had a 2-prong outlet changed over to a 3-prong so that we could move our fridge. And, lastly, we had the drain pipes redone in both of our bathrooms along with installation of new faucet fixtures. All of Eli's team were courteous and the worksite left clean. The end price matched the quote, which was totally reasonable.In 2014, we hired him and his team to change out the rest of the outlets in our house, along with changing out the existing light fixture in our guest bathroom. Eli provided the quote and Rudy came out to do the work. Again, the end price was same as the quote. A few months later (which is now), I hired Eli to replace a cracked drainpipe in my master bathroom shower. Originally, he had stated that I would be able to keep my original tile but in the end it had to be destroyed. Eli allowed me to go purchase my own tile for the job and was able to save most of the original tile, while his team only replaced the drainpipe and drain pan in the shower. This was an agreeable compromise. The end result is gorgeous! I look forward to having the rest of my bathroom floor tiled, eventually. This took a total of 2 days. End cost was spot on to the original quote. While this was going on, I found that I had a mold issue in my guest bathroom. Eli wasn't able to help me with the mold issue but he was able to look and the plumbing and determine that a cracked drainpipe (guess the 60 year old pipes go at the same time?!) and a crack in the faucet arm was the cause. On the spot, Eli was able to give me a reasonable quote and was able to complete the job in 1 day. I was then able to hire another company for the mold removal.With a 60 year old house, I'm sure there are other repairs to come up that I'm not able to do. I will always call Eli first for the job. He will be honest and tell you up front if he's able to do the job or not. Quotes are always spot on and the end result is always exactly what you thought it would be, or better. I recommend Eli to everyone, but don't keep him too busy so I can still hire him in the future!
5	The guys did a great job at my house.  I have a very large and heavy sliding glass door and they were able to remove it, replace the rollers and get it back in place without much hassle.  The price was very fair and I think it was a big more work than they expected but they charged me exactly as quoted and were very friendly and professional.
2	Scheduling went perfectly. The lady was very polite and informative. I received a call confirming my appointment. When the repair guy arrived he was rude and not very friendly. He was supposed to fix my sliding glass door but after 15 minutes of messing with it he decided he didn't know how to fix it. I noticed he has broken some pieces off the door and he quickly put the door in the hinge, jumped in his truck angrily and didn't say a word or provide me with any information. He also left a mess where he was working. He did try to sell me a new door for three times what I was quoted and seemed annoyed when I politely declined. I would not recommend this guy anyone.
5	Eli came on time and was very professional. Hung and 80 inch tv, and hid wires flawlessly with very little drywall repair. Doggie door installation looks perfect. He also hung three pendant lights over the island. Wired and cut holes. Looks fantastic with no drywall repair or paint needed.
