3	Standard Chinese fare done well with very friendly service and quick orders to go (typically 15 minutes max).  If the menu were more interesting this would be a 4-star joint.  Nevertheless, the dishes are great values, so I come by fairly often for pickup.  A large order of one dish lasts me two nights.
4	Grade: B-Aside from the sub zero restaurant temp and the scary-looking Mongolian Warriors (just out of the time machine) belching loudly while dining, this food was good and inexpensive.
4	Personally, my favorite chinese food place in Madison.  They have excellent food, excellent service, large portions (which are awesome reheated at home) and inexpensive!  I love it!  My only complaint is that it is always freezing in there!
1	Got some take-out from there based on the reviews on this site.  Quite expensive and very low quality, like what one would expect from the crummy delivery places around here but not delivered and costing as much a a nice meal other places.  I usually think the 'good' chinese places have decent hot and sour soup, this stuff was the thick inedible slop straight out of a cheap buffet.I dunno if I was expecting too much but this certainly did not deliver.
4	Quality is consistent and prices are more than fair. The staff is very kind and accommodating. It's our go to Chinese carry-out. I wouldn't say it's the most authentic, but then again, it's delicious and cheap!
4	Owners Lon and Wong are super (and always there, which makes it consistent). Ambiance and winter heating are lacking, but the food is always hot and good. A jewel of a place in a town with few decent Chinese restuarants....
4	Excellent Ma-Po tofu, I usually do not order this because of how simple it is to make at home, but was very glad that I did. The service is always extremely good. Speaking of which, the waitress I have had both times I visited is one of the best wait staff I have had anywhere, including much pricier venues. Prices are great and everything I have tried is very well done.
2	Friendly staff and quick service but, unfortunately they couldn't make up for the unappetizing dining room and BLAND food.  I'll  be shopping around for another Chinese place.
5	This place was recommended to me as some of the best Chinese food in Madison.  Totally agree!I went here for a Wednesday lunch at 2 pm and I was the only person there.  I don't mean to be stereotypical, but if you've ever walked into an empty Chinese restaurant in the mid afternoon...you're probably going to have to make your presence known by ringing a bell or yelling an awkward "hello" towards the kitchen.  Not in this case, I was promptly greeted and offered to sit anywhere. My food was excellent.  Nothing daring, just general tso's chicken. Good sauce, good flavor, good consistency.   Lunch doesn't get any better at $4.95 which includes an entree, rice, and soup!Summary: friendly service, awesome food, good prices.  I'll be back.
4	I've only eaten in Wong's a few times. I really prefer to get the takeout. They are very nice about making substitutions (I hate onions!).
5	I gotta say that the food from this restaurant is really good and the service is very nice. I came here and  a lady served me and she also was very attentive. Price is always good when you're student.
2	Zoinks.You know how you drive by a place over and over and think... "Man why haven't I tried that!" Weeeeeeeeeeellllll it kills me to say but sometimes it's for the best. After tripping up and down Atwood for 5 months going from here to there, I finally bit the bullet and gave them a try. While the woman (owner I assume) helping me was lovely, the food was all Wong. Sorry. Bean sprout overload populated the chop suey (a safe choice I thought because its so standard), the eggroll lacked flavor outside of the peanut butter used to seal it and the egg foo young which was a guilty pleasure staple of carry out growing up made me feel GUILTY, like really guilty for consuming it. Oily and in an all too rich sauce, it just didn't jive with my belly. I'd say I will go back, but honestly I feel like I went pretty safe, pretty standard. I'd be afraid to try again and branch out.
3	This was decent for Chinese.  The service was great and the people were friendly.  However the food was run of the mill Chinese.
4	My sister brought this great restaurant to my attention and I will forever be thankful. She's been coming here for several years so I knew that this place had something going for it, and boy it really did. For our lunch stop, we ordered the general tso's chicken, kung pao chicken, and the house special chow mein. All were above average, but the general was beyond expectations. The breaded chicken pieces were out of this world-- soft, pillowy (yes pillowy) and simply addicting with each bite. If you're into Chinese like I am, you know that many general tso's chicken dishes tend to be overly breaded, crusty, and include questionable chicken parts rolled into one. Not this place! You gotta check it out. As for the kung pao & house special, they both could have had more umff and kick to it, but good nonetheless.The only thing we worried about as we enjoyed our 3 dishes was the lack of patrons. We got here just before 2pm on a Wednesday and there was only one customer and a few pickup orders. What's the dealio Madison? I've been to nearly all the Chinese joints in Madison and this place for sure ranks pretty high. To our assurance, the lady owner said they were swamped the other day so that made us feel slightly better. Besides the great food, their prices are more than reasonable and the service is genuinely inviting. The lunch menu doesn't include anything over $5.95, which includes an entree, rice, and soup. The lady owner (who recognized my sister from previous visits) talked with us for quite some time and enjoyed playing with my baby nephew while we ate. All in all, a great visit that will definitely make me come back for more. ^^
4	We moved to the atwood area about a year ago, and have visited Wongs several times. It does not have an ambiance to write home about, but the food has been consistently good: flavorful, not greasy and very reasonable portions and prices. The owners/staff are all very nice and friendly too. Its not a place to bring a hot date, but for a nice quick meal its a great spot.
