5	This store is the nicest Target in town, it is the only one with a Starbucks and has an extensive frozen and refridgerated foods section.  It is very clean and has good customer service.  The lines are never long and the store is well laid-out. It is easy to park in front of it as well and is one of the safer locations.
4	I much prefer this Target over the one on Eastern.  Very nice, new, clean, lotsa stuff.  Haven't had a bad experience here yet, even on the busy weekends.
5	I like target but have never been in love because the one in my town sucks. Anyways was on holiday in LV last week and needed to kill some time because the hubby had to spend an hour plus at the Bass Pro shop. So I drop him off and make a left hoping something will pop up and low and behold a brand spanking new target! This place is big, clean and inviting. There was an extensive clearance section where I spent the majority of my time. I also like that there was a starbucks inside to get my caffeine fix since it was New Years eve and had to wake up before all the festivities.
5	I will forever be a fan of Target. I have my usual locations that I visit back home (e.g. Colma, Tanforan, Bridgepointe), but I now dub this my "usual" for when I'm ever in Vegas. I was in desperate need to get myself a belt because the waistline on my jeans was feelin pretty loose. I couldn't bare to walk around pulling them up every few minutes, so upon leaving the rental car center, I asked for directions on how to get here. Piece of cake: go down Las Vegas Boulevard South and make a right on Blue Diamond Road. Pass a few stop lights and you'll see the store to your right. It's located in a newly developed shopping center. As soon as I walked in, the accessory department was right in front of me. Score! I picked up my belt, along with a few weekend essentials, and was in and out in a few minutes. This location is very well organized, which makes for a good first impression. I hope to stop by here again.
5	Yep, Target, you know target, fast food, electronics, clothing, all that.
4	The employees at this Target seemed unusually friendly during my last visit. Two of them asked if they could help me find anything, the cashier was perky and personable, and the security guard offered to put my shopping cart back for me as I was walking out with my bags. Maybe I've gotten too used to poor customer service, no smiles, no eye contact, and mumbling from employees when shopping. But, yesterday's visit was refreshing. I wasn't the only one who seemed to enjoy this Target. There was a group of at least a dozen Japanese people standing outside and taking pictures in front of the Target sign. Not just one or two shots -- it was like a photoshoot with the group separating out into smaller groups and taking pictures with the sign, then finally taking one big group shot.
1	A recent visit as I like to go through the garden entrance because it's fast in and out, away from the crowds as well as nice parking, but the girl that was working in that area was not that accomodating.I understand that people may not use this entrance/exit to check out as much but I would expect as a working employee who is getting paid on the hour to take responsibility to any customer that walks in or out of your area of work do their job.We walked to the check out stand with products in our hands, this girl was watering the plants as my bf and i passed her by. We waited at the check out stand waiting for her to check us out but she continued to water the plants.    My bf finally called out to her and she came right up and finally asked if we checking out. Duh. She explained to us that people usually don't check out here and people need to tell her that they are paying cuz she won't know.I replied and said "so I can actually walk out of here without paying if we didn't tell you and you wouldn't have known?"She didn't have anything to say after that.If I were a manager THAT would have been a potential lost to the company especially if that is her perspective of her job.  Also who knows how many people have passed her by during her shifts and walked right out without paying.  I seriously could have walked out with a $200 shark vaccuum if I would've known. LolOn top of that on another occasion my bf had gone in before the gates closed at 7:00pm as stated on the garden hours sign.It wasn't 7:00pm when he was ready to leave it was technically 6:53pm.SAME girl closed the gate. He askes her if the garden closed at 7 as a confirmation and the girl replied "Yea, but the gates technically close at 6:50"She closed the gates "technically" at 6:53pm, my bf had to walk back into target and back to the garden area parking lot very annoyed.Doesn't make any sense to me.  So advice to anyone going through garden section, leave before 6:50pm and tell the girl you want to check out otherwise she won't know that you have to pay. Lol.Btw I LOVE target. But not my expirence with the "Garden Girl". Lol
4	Today was a nice day in target.The workers were very helpful today, I was surprised as I usually come to target alot for a quick buy.This time my bf an I roamed around a little  longer than usual and the employees were very nice and asking us if we needed help in looking for something.Maybe it's because I use a big purse and they thought I was stealing stuff lol Good experience today!
4	If I could have a building as a soulmate, Target would be mine. I seriously can't get enough of this place and find myself in the store two or three times a week. (Usually buying things I don't particularly need, but we won't tell my husband that.)This particular Target I find to be pretty organized and clean. Most of the employees are nice, although I get the occasional grumpy cashier. The security guards are always very friendly and sometimes even help place stuff in my shopping cart. They are usually also the first ones to greet me and the only ones to say, "Have a great day." Even if the staff was horrible, though, I have a feeling that wouldn't deter me from one of my favorite stores.
4	It's just not fair. Vegas stores are so much better than LA stores in the following aspects:Parking- quick and easy rather than crazy, angry, and jam packedCrowd- calm and collected, not frantic and rude Floor- clean and well-stocked, not a hot mess with only super small and super large sizesService- no line... during holiday shopping. Seriously. Also, many thanks for the great service yesterday. My sister had a brain fart and left a bag of items at the register, but didn't realize it until 4 hours later. When she explained her total fail to guest services, she was asked to describe the contents of the bag (tampons, can opener, and razors, just FYI). After listing the items she was immediately presented with her goods.
5	i love this target. its a few minutes away from the house. the store is neat, clean, and service is great!i took my sister here during xmas week and we actually went in to ross. parking was easy. and there was hardly any line.im one of those impulse shoppers - i see a good deal, i cant say no. i enter target with the intention of buying toothpaste, and i leave with a few $5 movies, a tank top or cardigan, and no toothpaste. on this particular visit, we got exactly what we needed, and went straight for the register. but this time, i forgot to grab the bag! my sister grabbed the sodas we got, but i thought she grabbed the bags too. we realized it maybe an hour after we got home. we went back to target after we had dinner, and sure enough my items were in the bag and customer service. thank you target!!!
4	Apparently hiking down into the Grand Canyon in the dead of winter without any water, food or supplies of any kind is a bad idea. Who knew?So I hit up this Target in search of a backpack of some kind. The staff is all surprisingly eager to help, so I found the sporting goods section very quickly. However, they don't have much of a selection when it comes to backpacks. It's all one generic Target brand, and there were only three different models. I obviously chose the one with a detachable fanny pack. It cost me $60, which may or may not be a good price for a large backpack with millions of pockets to put salty snacks, water, extra clothes, drugs, matches, a flashlight...all of which are things you might need when you get lost in the desert overnight. What I do know is that I'm happy with the purchase, and with this Target for making it possible.
5	Target and I have a Love Hate Relationship... As much as I try to fight going there every time my wife mentions it. When I do end up walking under the large Red Target and into those automatic double doors my guard goes down and I feel like a tourist at a Mexican market or something. Everything is usually on sale and you see all kinds of crap extremely strategically placed to catch your eye end and somehow end up in your fire engine red cart. The only thing missing is the chicle kids and if they had those I would lose all non spending power I have. On top of my simple comparison of Target and Ensenada this location always seems to have friendly associates working and they are always offering to help you out if you need help finding something.. Not that my wife who I swear owns a military issue topographical map of all the targets in the area couldn't find what we are looking for. This location also normally has everything stocked well and kept clean. This is by far my favorite Target location that I love to hate. The last thing that really stands out about this Target is how the food court area is right in front of the checkout lines. Now, if it were only myself and my wife standing in line that would not be an issue 'BUT" it is not, we also have a 2 year old little girl that remembers everything ( this is where I think they actually do have the chicle kids) The chicle kids in Mexico just pop up from thin air it seems and that is how I feel about this food stand when I have my daughter. We can be mid conversation about socks and Yo Gabba Gabba and she will drop everything and Say," I want and Icee and Hot Dog Daddy" And just like the Chicle kids I have a hard time saying no to buying some of the small goods they are selling at that point.I guess to sum this place up, they have a friendly staff a clean store and regardless of the slight hatred you can carry for any given store I always seem to find myself pushing that red cart and filling it with stuff I really do not need. Touche Target!! Well Done
4	I love Target!  One stop shopping with cute clothes, home goods, accessories and good prices.  This is probably my second favorite location in town.  My favorite location is on Silverado Ranch and Eastern.  Just don't bring your dogs to this location!!!!  I checked but didn't see any signs posted about not allowing dogs.  There's a security guard there who will tell you that you HAVE to leave.  Thankfully, my husband was with me so he could purchase our items while I waited outside.  Leaving the dogs at home next time but I'm sure we'll be back.
4	Not all Targets are created equal. I find that even though one place might have a certain item on clearance for one price will not guarantee you the same price at another. Although this location tends to cost a little more on these specials, I appreciate the army of cashiers they have on hand at all times. The wait for any given line is never more than five minutes and allows me to continue on to my next task. The newness and cleanliness also entice me to go in and when I have excess time, I am never hesitant to go browsing around the toys and Lego section. Another thing worth mentioning is the helpfulness of the staff. Whenever I needed to be pointed in the right direction, they helped without hesitation and did not act like I was bothering them.
4	This is one of my favorite Targets in town. It's clean, organized and fully stocked. My favorite thing at Target is usually the clothes clearance section and they have some serious racks to browse through. The employees are cheerful and friendly, which is another plus. All in all, great Target in town.
5	My friends can attest to this: I am a Target snob. I am particular about which Targets I frequent.Ever since its open, I have always loved Blue Diamond Target. It's spacious, well organized, clearly signed and merchandised. It's a Target junkie's dream. But as much as I love it, it seems as though everyone else does too...or at least those who purchases small women's clothing or size 8 shoes. Also, this is one, if not the only, Target where I've been greeted by the associates during my trip. Usually by the time you hit electronics, someone is ready to ask if you're finding everything alright. Well...yes, I am! When it comes to check out, the lines are never more than a few minutes' wait - thanks to the armada of cashiers ready to attack your transactions.While I live an equal distance between this location and the Eastern store, I prefer this store far more - going so far as to say this is my favorite Target period.
4	Awesome fitting rooms! I probably only go to Target once a month and I usually stick to the clothing/accessory section because they have awesome sales sometimes. Today was the first time I actually went into a fitting room though and the first thing I noticed was how spacious each room was. There are three mirrors, a bench, a little stool, and about 3 hooks to hang your clothes on. I don't really care about fitting rooms that much, but I definitely remember which places have the best ones and this is probably one of the top because of the size. The team members at the fitting room desk are also very helpful and friendly. As I was trying on my clothes I could hear them talking to customers and answering phones. They were very polite, accommodating, and courteous. Every time I've gone to this Target location, I've never had to wait more than two minutes in line. They always have a good amount of cashiers on duty so people don't have to wait and the rest of the staff seems to keep the store very clean and organized. The fast lines, awesome fitting rooms, and clean/organized store makes me a fan.
4	My favorite of the close Targets. The pharmacy always goes above and beyond to help me out.
3	This is a nice target, but it's a little off the beaten path off of Blue Diamond. I thought the place was clean and the people were friendly.
4	When you find yourself shopping at "Tarjay" more than Wal Mart then you know you have made it.  Well I haven't really made it.  We like to get a few items here rather than Wally World.  The baby section is really good.  the generic diapers are reasonably priced and comparable to the name brands if not better.  It's also not as crazy here.  There is almost a zen like atmosphere to these stores. Every has this calm as they are shopping.  My only complaint the the carefully placed $1 section at the front of the store. My wife always gets trapped here!  I patiently wait out side of section not to be sucked in to stuff I don't need to buy.  Overall "Tarjay" is "Tarjay!"  Cheers!
4	Target...the upscale Walmart. The prices aren't as good as Walmart but it's not usually crowded and sell better quality clothes and housewares. I don't usually buy food there, but I do occassionally if I only need a few things, so what the hell, why make another trip!? Staff is usually pleasant and helpful. The check out lines are usually short and quick. This store isn't as big as some of the other Targets in town but it's kept clean and it's close to home. Starbucks in the front is a nice added bonus.
4	I like target!  But going on the website, and seeing things that you want....But when you go to the store to look for something similar, they don't have it, or anything similar to it. Now I'm on the hut for this item.   And it doesn't have to be at target, because, it's too late to order it, so now I have to find something similar to it elsewhere!
5	Pharmacy was awesome - especially after I suffered through bad Walgreen's and CVS experiences.
5	Considering the amount of revenue Target generates from me on a _____-ly basis (sorry, I can't tell you how much I shop here because I know you will pass judgement), I have to say I am pretty surprised I have not yet received my notice that I am a majority shareholder for the company. Given that this particular Target is conveniently located on my way home from work, I can usually justify having to make a pit stop the same way I can justify "needing" to buy all of the things I leave with. I've been to this store a zillion and a half times and I still go down aisle by aisle to find new things that, again, I "need." Except maybe the baby and pet sections because anyone who spends the kind of exorbitant amount of time in a Target like I do is clearly not responsible enough to take care of anyone else at this point in her life.
1	Before today I was a huge Target fan.  I was actually turned away, because the managers said that I wanted to purchase too much!  I've never heard of a business telling a customer that.  Don't most companies want loyal customers who spend lots of money in their stores? I specifically chose this Target to spend $1000 (plus) in order to stock some items for company's office.  I asked the manager if they would prefer I take items directly off of the shelf as some items I needed 10-20 of, and I thought they might have merchandise in the back that would make it easier for me to put in a cart and buy in bulk.  I didn't go to Costco because the size of the individual items I needed were smaller than I could find there.  At Target, I was told that I am only allowed to purchase a "normal amount" of household items, which they said was only about 6-7 of each item at most.  I can understand the policy if I was one of those crazy Coupon Queens who jam packed 5 grocery carts full of free items.  I wasn't asking to buy a tractor trailer load of items at cost either - I was willing to pay full price for each and every item off of the shelf.  The customer service I received from the managers were lacking. The managers didn't even look at my list!  If this is a store or company policy, it wasn't  explained to me why I couldn't make my purchases there and I felt as though I wasted my time (and gas money) even driving to this Target location. I didn't want to stay and argue with the managers as to why this was the most ridiculous thing I'd ever heard - so I just left and didn't purchase one item from them.Unfortunately, this experience left such a poor taste in my mouth that I won't be shopping at this specific Target ever again.   Walmart got all of my money today and they actually appointed an employee to help me shop for the items I needed and check me out in a separate line!
4	I like this place.  It's currently getting a few things renovated.  Heard they're getting produce.  I like it here, beats driving to Wal-Mart off the 215/Rainbow because prices in truth are relatively similar.    The way the place is set up, I love it.  Always get toiletries, doggy treats and most of my electronic gadgets from here and is usually where I stock up on gifts for my family.    I also like how they have a Starbucks (which I frequent) and a Pizza Hut Express for a quick bite.  The place (main store and Starbucks/Pizza Hut) are most often kept clean and orderly, I like that.
5	Love this store!  They are getting fresh grocery soon!
4	i DETEST Walmart. I am so Pro-Target it's semi-embarrassing. I'm super excited about the recent renovation\expansion into becoming a SUPER Target (the ones with   a bigger grocery selection). I believe I was told that the ETA is Sunday June 30th, but don't quote me.I am also happy I waited to review this location until after they upgraded their shopping carts - super fancy plastic carts :).This location seems much more organized then my old neighborhood's target (Boca Park) and it definitely is cleaner. It took me a while to get used to the layout (seems Boca Park and the one on Flamino have more similar floorplans than this one) this Target is all that and then some.The Target Debit card deal - the one where you link your debit card with the store is a great deal. While I do not have one myself, I have intended to (of course I always forget to sign up). You get a 5% discount starting after you sign up - BUT if you don't have a check on you when you sign up with the cashier, you have to go online later and enter in the information (which of course I forgot to do) plus there's a deadline to do it and if you miss it, you have to go to customer service to finish the process... So I am still in Target Debit Card purgatory but I still advocate for it (my best friend swears by it).So overall, this location will not disappoint any Target-lover out there.
4	This is a good Target.  It saves me the embarassment and relative horror of having to go to the closest Target in the opposite direction.  This Target is massive. Like unusually massive. I haven't been since the advent of the exalted fresh section, but I'm sure it is fine. This Targets team members have been easy to work with, but I abhor the new (easy to use) customer service counter. What also is good about this target is it's prominence of being the anchor of a very relavent shopping center in a clean part of town. (There is lots of cool, new and popular businesses around it)
5	I absolutely love this store!!! They have everything! I love the new floor plan, the way everything is right where you expect it to be. Having groceries makes it a one stop shopping and that makes me happier than ever. I love the new shopping carts. This Target has a friendly staff, there is ALWAYS someone there to ask if I am finding everything ok! Thank you Target for keeping me away from Walmart since November and going strong! #targetshopperforever
1	Since their recent remodel this place is the pits! Horribly slow service, combined check out and return lanes and terribly understaffed!  May as well shop at Walmart.... Same level of service for less money!
5	Great store, excellent staff, not hard to find someone if you are in need of help. Their shelves are always stocked and the floors are clean. Win/Win by choosing this store.
4	A TERRIBLE Rap to TargetYo Yo Yigggity Yo yo yo Reppin' red and white we know that shit is flyFrom toilet paper to laxatives y'all have it allA Starbucks and bread sticks, say what? You know how it isCome Christmas to random days, every visit is blissFrom Summerlin to H-Town, you're never too farThanks for giving me another alternative to that nasty-ass Walmart!
5	Love it here. It is clean and they have everything you are loking for and it  is super near my bff's house which makes it a nice place to go to when we are bored
1	I know, it's Target so what's the problem? Well, THIS Target is horrible. Not sure what genius decided to move Returns/Customer Service to a Checkout line, but it is a cluster...Every. Single. Time. Most of the front cashiers are soooo cranky and they are dirty looking with greasy hair. When I went tonight, two employees were actually arguing and were incredibly ugly to one another. It ended with Employee A telling another employee, (loudly for everyone to hear) "Well, whatever Crazy wants, give it to her." THIS WAS OVER REGISTER TAPE??? How should I even know or care about this. Poor management, lack of customer service makes this Target one to avoid. Might as well go to Wal-Mart or drive the extra 10 miles to the Target on Silverado and Eastern!
3	It's interesting because comparing this location to my local store, I'm really surprised at how different they are ... As far as what's stocked. The toy section was pitiful. I was hoping to buy a few birthday presents after traveling (the gifts were too big to pack and I didn't want to order online). The children's bedroom/bed set aisles were sad too - I couldn't find half of the things that my local store carried. So I didn't get to buy what I planned for, I'm sure the 3 year olds don't know any different but sure I was disappointed.
4	Great customer service! Clean and neat!
3	Not like my typical target back in Orange County but this is a good local target, especially if you want to avoid the long lines, horrible customer service and whatever surprises you encounter at wal mart then this is definitely the store for you.My husband and I came in with the intention of getting a new rice cooker since ours just broke and our normal Asian supermarket closes at 8 :(We went through the aisles making sure not to forget the end caps. That's where all the mark downs are usually at. This store is fairly clean the only issue is that when things are out of stock they tend to not clean up when things are mix matched. Some of the workers are nice and some are sour. Overall a pretty cool store for all your household and personal needs.
5	Target is probably, hands down, my favorite store. This specific location is amazing. It's always clean and everything seems to be stocked well. I've never run into any problems and everyone is so nice. The location is also amazing. I could literally spend all day in this shopping center... And completely empty my wallet D:There's a target app called cartwheel that allows you to clip virtual coupons. I can never find anything that I specifically need on there but always end up finding random deals that are too good to pass on. Whoops. Oh and sign up for a target red card! It'll save you 5% every single time you shop there! Ah, I can't express how much I love this card... And target!
5	I am just a fan.  The clearance stuff is amazingly priced and just fun.  They carry Tassimo, so I have to get all of the coffee here.  The kids clothes section are hip with the kids, who grow so fast it is awesome that they let me buy their clothes from here.
4	It's Target so I love it but I like the one off Flamingo and 215 better. The return desk is kinds awkward and the woman behind it gave me a hard time about missing a coupon when I walked RIGHT over. I like Travis at this location though. He's a good guy
1	My one star review is based on the following. After shopping within target and dropping a nice amount of my hard earned money I decided to stop at the Starbucks that was strategically staged at the front of the store. My birthday was on the 26th and so I was gifted a free beverage from Starbucks. So happily I belly up to order my iced coffee. All was good until I went to pay. The girl behind the counter proudly declared they do not honor the earned free beverages. Huh ? I explained that the locations perched inside of albertson's honors them... She declared that target actual doesn't honor them. The look on her face was priceless as I told her to cancel my order oh and the 20.00 to go tumbler and the pumpkin bread she also lost a sale on. I mean come on if you love Starbucks who takes a free drink but doesn't spend funds on something Starbucks related. Dumb... Lesson learned!
4	I LOVE Target!This store is conveniently located for me! I love that I can go to Target and find everything I need! This location is always very clean, the staff is friendly, there is a large parking lot, and there is a Starbucks in the store.
5	It's better than shopping at Walmart.   Employees are very nice.  The store itself is well organized.  The end shelfs are sometimes labeled clearance, everybody likes that.
4	I went into target the other day and had trouble finding some of my items. When I asked one of the employees not only did he take me to find each one but had a big smile while doing it. Because of that I'll always come back to this location. Recommend this location for everyone
4	This Target is one of the best, well kept stores in town. When I come in, the store is always well stocked and clean. Associates ate helpful and curteous. I prefer Target over Walmart because they are a lot less ghetto. Overall the prices are decent and the quality is there
4	I love shopping at this target everyone is always so friendly and they are just do festival for the holidays, the atmosphere has a good vibe and the store overall is very clean.
