2	This place sucks, man.  From the 45 cents they charge you for a debit transaction fee, to the crazies who howl and bark at each other outside, to the woman wearing sandals with bloody scabs on her feet complaining about how she can't get the buy 1 get 1 promo for Monster Energy Drinks on two entire cases of them.The one cashier who has a beard and looks like Zach Galifianakis after 16 years of meth abuse is a fucking asshole.  This place is just a hotbed of horrid human behavior and the worst kind of depression will strangle you and take you down after coming here to buy anything, whether it be a Choco-Taco or a tall can.  One time I stepped outside and these three meth-people were all listening to another meth-head guy talk and one of the inane ramblings I heard were, "My name?  It means prophet.  It means I'm a prophet."  Prophet of what?  Crazy Town?  waaahwaaaahhhhhhNo, I seriously hate this place because they charge you to use your card and it's no longer the 1990's, the guy with a beard is a dick and overall it's just a terrible place to go in a terrible location in Tempe.  I don't know why the tweakers feel comfortable here and not the Circle K across University, but I'm glad they found one place and stuck to it, because I will go through another light to avoid this place like a squirrel infected with black death.
1	Wow. This place is awful. Just so so so awful.They don't accept credit cards, they have a small selection, and it's kinda dirty. The worst are the employees, though. I was always grateful for a cashier that was just indifferent towards me rather than openly hostile.I had one experience where I opened a fridge to get a Vitamin Water, and a bottle of water just fell out. As I was picking it up to put it back in, the cashier walked up to me and said I had to buy it. I thought she was joking, so I sort of chuckled, and then her scowl told me she was serious. I explained that I wasn't about to pay for an (undamaged) bottle of water that fell our of her fridge just because I opened it. She then said she'd call the police!!! I walked out and said call 'em - I'm parked there and you can take down my license plate. Then the sketchy customers in the store started heckling me.That was my last visit.
1	By far the worst gas station in Tempe. They don't accept credit, charge to use your debit card, and is always dirty. Not to mention the rude staff and homeless that loiter outside. Avoid at all costs.
1	Though this place is just filthy dirty, that's not the reason for the poor review. The employees here just suck. They don't smile, don't even acknowledge you when you say hi; and the worst part is they sit there on the cell phone in front of you. I had a cashier snarl wait at me so he could finish his HEATED conversation on his phone. Dropped my 44 oz drink on the counter and told him where he could stick his cell phone. Will not go back.
2	Me and another friend took forever deciding on something to get lol. So, even looking for a little something to snack was bad. Burgers were dry and the fountain drinks didn't have as much options.
