1	On my continuing quest to eat at buffets on my trip....This place is so nasty.  First of all, the only reason why I even ate here was because I went to see the Bodies exhibit.   Second, the hotel really is nasty.  I would not recommend anyone to eat here.  The selection that they offered for breakfast and lunch ( I came at end and start of each other) is so pathetic. I don't remember what they had other than the omelet station with a really grumpy old guy working behind it. I asked for an all egg white omelet with no oil.  So he throws out the oil and then uses the can spray to spray the pan. Instead of a nice light coat, he was trigger happy and kept on spraying for a good 30 seconds, until there was the same amount of oil in the pan as the one he threw out.   He gave me regular eggs instead of white. I was so disgusted that I didn't eat the omelet.   The only saving grace of my meal was the salad bar, which was measly at best.   I was happy that I didn't get food poisoning or something.   Stay away from here as there are much better buffets.  Yeah, it will cost more, but  the food is better. Did I say that this place was nasty?  I did?  Well I am saying it again.
1	Don't come here for dinner.  You can see the buffet line as you walk past the restaurant and it doesn't look appetizing.  For breakfast however, it's a different story.  Well, not really.  It's $10.99 for breakfast, but just know that you go there at about 10:30am, you can stick around for the lunch buffet.  Yeah, being the Asian that I am, I can't help but sticking around to get lunch for breakfast prices.Neither buffets are all that great.  The breakfast's highlight is either the omelet, which I didn't have because the line was so damn long or the chicken fried steak.  The scrambled eggs were runny; the potatoes were tasteless.  You can't really mess up waffles so that was just ok.As for the lunch, all the dishes they brought out were gross.  The meatballs are not as good as Costco's.  How sad is that?The service was crap also.  Not impressive at all.
1	This place S-U-C-K-S!!! I will NEVER come here again! The food was horrible, spent way too much time under those heating lamps. Everything was either dry or overcooked! And it looked like the staff never cleans the buffet tables, there was food spashed everywhere on those tables. Looks like they had a food fight right before we got there.
1	This place is horrible. I've waited for probably about an hour to get in next to a red pole like I'm really waiting to into a club at this old hotel. The food was not worth the long wait at all. There was almost nothing to eat, it was like the buffet was suffering from a drought. After grabbing half a plate of food for the first time, I went straight for the desserts, which were as bad. They have no cakes, ice cream, nothing that even deserves to be called 'dessert'. Very disappointing for a hotel that has been around for more than 50 years. So not worth the $20-something dollars I've paid!
1	Came to Vegas with the fam and some other family. Food, nasty. Selection, nasty. price, nasty. Im not 21, so honestly food and shopping is the only things worth going to vegas for... so yeah.
2	All the buffets are pretty much the same.  Over here you pay $28 and you get to go in and out of this buffet without worrying being hungry.  The bad part is that they close at 10 p.m. so it wasn't worth the price that I paid for.  I only had breakfast the 1st time I paid and next morning.  $28 for two breakfast still cost a little too much for me.  Another option is to pay each meal separately.  I don't remember the price.  I think either way won't help me save much.
1	Stay away, far, far, far away from here! We sort of had no choice but to eat here since we were going to attend a taping for Let's Make A Deal and had to get in line early. It seemed promising...they even had a nice little marketing deal for $28 for 24 hours. $28 buckaroos allows you to eat at the buffet within 24 hours. Thank god I didn't buy into that!The food selection was dismal. There wasn't much to choose from. It tasted sub-par. I mean really, this was below the cheesiest buffet you could find standards! Just nasty!  If it wasn't rubbery, it was unctuous (as in lard).   I will say everything looked good...especially the desserts. But once you put it in your mouth, it was very disappointing. And for almost $20, their "Champagne Brunch" was a total ripoff. The one star I'm giving it is for the nice service the waitress gave us. At one point we asked each other, do you think the employees ever wonder how they get customers in the door?Ugh..the Tropicana - uh Tropi-ghetto as we now call it - is one to avoid  anyway. They were doing some hotel "renovations" (which I hope will be a good thing) and everything was out of service or under construction but in plain sight.  A mess....the Tropi-ghetto is a mess!
3	So there are alot of pretty bad reviews but I did not have as bad of an experience as them.Been here on two different occasions: Breakfast buffet and for lunch buffet.Have to admit, Lunch buffet might have been overpriced for the food that was actually being served. Maybe 2 starsBut the breakfast buffet was definitely soemthing I'd go back for. Endless mimosas and very good view of their garden/pool area from where we were sitting.Overall, recommend for brunch but go somewhere else for lunch. Dont know how dinner is.Good to take friends, date, coworkers. Go somewhere else to take customers
