4	The experience haas been very pleasant thus far! Hot wax typically causes breakouts for me, but the thicker (and slightly cooler) wax here did not cause the same reaction! It was on a much smaller scale. I went during opening week and everyone was very friendly and professional. I made a follow up appointment, and I'm looking forward to seeing if the results are the same!
3	I wasn't prepared for the experience, so am going to go into a bit of detail about how this place works. I walked in needing an eyebrow wax, and figured I would try this place out, since it was newly opened. The receptionist asked me if I had ever been to a European Wax Center before, and I dutifully (and truthfully) answered no. She then went into a spiel about their rates on getting brazilians done (seriously lady, I just said I wanted my eyebrows done). Their rates are by subscription or volume packaging. So, you could buy something like 6 treatments, and receive 1 free OR subscribe for a monthly rate and know that you'd get a treatment every month. OR you could pay a la carte (which I did... sort of. Your first session is free - score!).So if you are a waxing junkie or just really like to go regularly, this is definitely a good place to consider. It's clean, young, and hip.The wax job itself was fine, but unexceptional. They use some sort of wax that doesn't require cloth strips and was not painful at all. Allegra was very nice and explained each step to me as she was doing them ("now I'm using a cleanser, this calms the skin," etc. kind of seemed superfluous for someone who isn't new to waxing, but whatever). I don't think it was the most amazing eyebrow waxing job I've ever had, since other places I have gone have been more aggressive about shaping my brows. She was worried that my brows were too sparse for what I wanted, and recommended that I use some sort of brow regrowing solution.Frankly, I was just amused by the entire experience. My brows got cleaned up, but I'll be going back to my usual place, since they are perfectly able to work with my brows as they are now (no growing solution needed!). And, they are comparably priced. When I walked out, all the products that had been used got put on the counter, and they assumed that I would be coming back in three weeks and tried to push me on making an appointment. I really don't fault them for this - their business model is to get you going regularly and frequently. But the upselling and aggressiveness by which this was done really turned me off to the experience and I won't be going back unless I have to. So word to the wise - if you are at all a pushover, avoid this place, because you will be strongly encouraged to buy things or sign up for things.
4	Staff was very friendly and professional. The waxing was relaxing and really didnt hurt as much as I expected. The receptionist was accommodating and didn't try to force me to buy products when I kindly declined. I will definitely be coming back.
5	I am so happy with the experience and results of my time at this EWC. They use a (purple!) hot wax that does not rip off the top layer of skin (I regret so many at home waxing experiences now) and a calming serum to help prevent ingrown hairs and irritation. My waxer, Dana, is super nice and easy to chat with during the wax if you need to keep your mind off of it. Dana makes sure to get every hair, tweezing any little guys that were left behind (which isn't many). Her attention to detail and calm demeanor made the wax worth every penny (full bikini is $40, that's fantastic!). When you finish the wax, the ladies at the counter will schedule you for an appointment ~1month later. In previous years I would wait much longer, but I went for it last time and am pleased to say that the wax was even quicker and pain free since there was less hair length to tug. There are a line of products they may recommend to you. Don't feel obligated, it's their job to upsell and recommend.  I like the exfoliant and ingrown hair serum, which I bought previously because the first wax is (always!) free. Free! If you're not sure, you may as well try it because the first wax is free!I will definitely keep coming back to this location because Dana is the best waxer I have experienced.
4	The slighly cooler hot wax has continued to be a proven effective alternative to the hotter wax at other salons.  With waxing regularly, my breakouts are very minimal with this wax.  The staff remain extremely professional, and I feel comfortable enough to explore other waxing options.  I am still very pleased that I started to go to EWC, and plan on continuing to as long as I live near one!
5	I'm very very satisfied with my experience, and as someone who always complains, that is a big compliment. My wax technician was Jackie. I must first say she came highly recommended. I've had waxing experiences in the past that made me very nervous about this one. Jackie really put me at ease by talking me through it. She asked me if I had any specific concerns and I told her about my previous, very painful experiences. She explained the their wax is cooler and the oil she put on my skin helped the wax to adhere to my hair only and not my skin thus limiting the pain. She was right. I will definitely be going back in 4 weeks as suggested!!!
4	I was a big fan of EWC and was bummed that there was only 1 in the Pittsburgh area. UNTIL NOW. So glad EWC has expanded. This location is right in the heart of Squirrel Hill. Metered parking available. I love the wax that EWC uses and it's definitely less painful than other the strip wax style. First, they apply a cleanser, then they use a blue-colored wax. It's a bit warm but cools and hardens very quickly. When they're down, they apply a serum to help cut down on ingrowns. You can basically get ANY wax service. They also have a really good program where if you buy a set of waxing services, you get one free. If you wax regularly, it's worth it. The front desk people are slightly pushy on selling products but I usually say no thanks and they stop. Making appointments are really easy. You can make appointments online too.
4	Fast, efficient and capable. This is the perfect place for anyone who just wants to walk in, get it done and be on their way in 15 mins. No fuss! They cleanse the areas prior, talk you through what they are doing, and finish with a serum to reduce the occurrence of ingrown hairs (if you request it).  They use Comfort Wax which doesn't require strips or leave residue behind. Your first session for a standard bikini is free or half price for a Brazilian. Companion products are $5 off when purchased at the sometime as you pay for your session. I can recommend the ingrowth hair serum - it is very effective and lasts a long time. I was very happy with my experience and glad to have finally settled on a regular wax centre!
1	What a mess! Their wax that they use is sooo bad! I'm an experienced waxer and my hair easily comes off.. Took twice as long and hair simply broke off never came out of the root.. The lady doing it tried it but this is a look-fancy-is-really-useless place .... Never ever ever again
5	Finally!!!! Found a really great waxing salon! This place is so clean and professional. The front desk staff are super helpful. And Jackie did an amazing job with my Brazilian. I have been on the hunt for a place with good wax and experienced staff. This place is it. Jackie completed the Brazillian in Abou 15 min, she was very social and super nice. She also made sure to apply pressure after every pull to make sure it doesn't hurt. Really one of the most pain free and pleasant experience since moving from Florida. Oh and not to mention REALLY affordable. 1/2 off ur first wax there and $47 going forward, also some packages can be purchased to make it even cheaper!
5	These pros gave new life to my 50+ year old face.  Painlessly gave me an arch I never had and opened my eyes.  I feel beautiful and my transformation took about 5 minutes.  I highly recommend EWC any day!
5	VERY VERY educated & respectful staff. Place is amazingly clean & modern. I came in set to have brow, lip & bikini line done courtesy of a new employee Liz, whom was great! When I arrived I was unsure about the bikini line waxing for multiple reasons. The woman assisting Liz (I am unsure of her name, very pretty black girl with shorter hair) explained to me how the waxing would be done & had eased my mind. FINALLY a place who doesn't buy their wax from Sally's & has a nail tech applying it. Kudos to you,  European wax center, for training your very courteous staff correctly, I have no problem paying the higher price to make sure it gets done right.PS I forgot to mention the FREE brow waxing for first time customers!
