4	Yum!!! I LOVE the Tahitian Maiden's Dream crepes here. They have extra thick bacon (very difficult to get it extra crispy- but it's really good anyway). I've had breakfast and dinner here and it's good any time of day. Long wait on weekend mornings but it's pretty tolerable. They have Creative Loafing nearby to peruse while waiting.
4	If you've never been to the Original House of Pancakes, you don't know what you're missing! They have the best pancakes and freshly squeezed orange juice that I've ever had. I switch between the original pancakes and their banana walnut pancakes. The menu offers such a wide selection of options, it may be hard to make up your mind at first. No matter what you choose, I'm sure you'll be pleased.There is usually a long wait on the weekends, but it is worth it. Please don't let it discourage you. They offer courtesy coffee while you wait, which is an added plus.
4	The Original Pancake House (OPH) is my 2nd favorite place for breakfast on the weekends (Pewter Rose is the first).  And they're one of the few Charlotte brunch options that opens before 10 a.m.  They offer an extensive menu of breakfast selections, including eggs, waffles, and, of course, pancakes.  Since I'm usually an egg person for breakfast, I'm usually steered past the pancakes and waffles and go right for the omelettes or other egg dishes.  Their omelettes are HUGE.  They seem like they're made from like 18 eggs or something.  None of the omelettes really seem to have a lot inside them (the ingredients aren't overflowing), but my favorite is the sausage one.  Also tasty are their seafood crepes and Eggs Michael (Eggs Benedict with sausage instead of Canadian bacon), as well as their regular Eggs Benedict.  And, last but not least, there's the Kosher meal:  eggs with salami and potato pancakes on the side.  YUM!  I'm not Jewish, but I do love a good Kosher breakfast!  (Miami has an awesome Jewish breakfast place, too, but I draw the line at "tongue.")  Potato pancakes are a delicious treat -- more tasty than hashbrowns, but not as filling as regular pancakes.  This particular location of the OPH is across the street from the high-end SouthPark Mall, so you think it would be a little more stylish, but it's got that old 80s restaurant feel to it.  A renovation in decorating is definitely needed.  OPH should feel (and look) more like a diner.  I guess that's part of my reasoning for only 4 stars instead of 5.  If you go on Sundays, be sure to get there before the church crowd!  Or you're looking at about an hour wait.
2	I went to OPH for dinner and decided on the eggs, bacon and pancakes. The pancakes and bacon were pretty good. The eggs I ordered scrambled and they were too dry for me. Two things stood out to me about the service. I was drinking coffee and the waitress asked if I wanted my coffee topped off with 'decaf' - I wasn't drinking decaf. Also, when I asked for more pancake syrup she brought me the almost empty (used) syrup from the neighboring table.... yuck!
5	OPH is the ONLY place I can depend on to serve a delicious and satisfying breakfast.  The waitstaff is very friendly and attentive to your needs.They offer a vast selection of breakfast/brunch menu items. You can order the simple (oatmeal with berries) or go for the indulgent (pancakes with whipped cream, berries and potatoes).  Their home fries are delicious and whenever I go there, I usually order a side of them.They also offer seasonal items, such as pumpkin pancakes in the fall/winter months which are excellent.  Furthermore, they have a kids' menu and offer hearty breakfast specials.Whenever we have out-of-town guests/family members, we always bring them to OPH because they never disappoint.If you come on weekends, I would advise you to get there before 10 a.m. because any time later than that, then you will have to wait. If you do find yourself having to wait, the time is never that long.A major plus: the restaurant is non-smoking, so you won't have to worry about the smells of cigarette smoke intermingling with the smells and taste of your own food.
5	OPH was the first restaurant I came to when I moved to Charlotte three years ago and it was exactly what I was expecting from my experience at many other locations. An excellent breakfast served by friendly and knowledgable staff.I've had nearly everything on the menu and it's all excellent. Waffles (yes, they have waffles), strawberry pancakes, banana pancakes, french crepes, omelettes, sandwiches and my personal favorite, the Dutch Baby (with strawberries). It's basically a big pancake-like bowl, though baked not fried. Make sure you have it without the extra powdered sugar and squeeze some lemons on it. It's kind of hard to describe but believe me, it is worth it.I've seen people just having the eggs and bacon and I think - you are so missing out! The food is not greasy or oily, like I've experienced at some other breakfast places.The coffee is excellent and the orange juice really is fresh squeezed.If you're coming on a weekend for breakfast or lunch, expect to wait as long as an hour because the place is just that popular. Weekdays at dinnertime, you can get right in.
4	I have to say it's worth the wait.I showed up and had to wait 20 mins. for breakfast on a Sunday (which really isnt bad).  OPH does a good job moving people in and out.I had the corned beef hash and it was great.  I was very pleased to find out that it's homemade and NOT canned.  Needless to say the taste was out of this world.  There was so many choices I need to to keep going back.  Next on the list: crepes.Wonderful place - excellent quality food and kind staff.
4	Fresh coffee, quickly and excellently prepared pancakes, friendly service - everything that you can expect from a breakfast shop. Loved it.
2	We went on a Saturday morning and had to wait almost an hour to be seated.  My egg white omelette was runny, so I sent it back.  We are now an hour and twenty minutes into our dining experience and I still have no food that is edible.  When the omelette returned, they had done something to the eggs to make them ultra-fluffy, which sounds like it would be good, but it wasn't.  It was literally like eating a kitchen sponge.  My son and husband got pancakes and said that the ones we make at home are better.Oh, I should add that we went to the one by the Target near uptown.
3	This is an alternative to dennys, or IHOP or Mimis, Carrows, etc. The thing I liked about it was breakfast all day because I am someone who has to have breakfast for dinner and breakfast for lunch when I get stressed. Seems like nothing helps stress so much as a stack of strawberry pancakes and a cup of joe.Good for kids and family meals, moderately priced, clean and comfortable with a good menu of standard breakfast treats. I do have to say, I have not eaten anything but breakfast here, so I couldnt rate the other meal options.Portions are big, especially the omelets.. HUGE!
1	Unfortunately, a Charlotte main stay has worn out the welcome pad.  My husband took the kids on Sunday and he said "now I remember, the last time we were here we said we would never go back".  The meals are over priced and just ok in terms of quality. When my husband spoke to the manager, he could care less about it. (Which is the same thing that happened the last time we were there).  So, to anyone reading this, I would look for another breakfast option.
1	I do not get it.  Why does this place get voted Best Breakfast?!  We had been once before and the pancakes tasted funky and the eggs tasted fishy.  Tried again today and were again sorely disappointed.  After struggling to piece together a breakfast and being told we couldn't do certain things because "the computer won't let us," we again got a sub-par breakfast.  So if you want to wakey, wakey, eggs & bac-y, avoid this place.  You will only get eggo waffles and funky tasting food.
5	Always a fantastic breakfast.  Great food and service!  I love this place and make sure it starts my day in the big city of Charlotte.
3	This place makes me happy, though it's not the best breakfast place. Partly it's that I love the Tahitian Maiden's Dream crepe, which should be an ungodly sweet mess, but somehow is very satisfying nonetheless.Except on mid-morning weekends, we are always seated promptly. There can be a long-ish wait on weekends, but they do manage the crowds pretty well. Has lots of options for breakfast: from traditional eggs and such to less common pancake and crepe options. Everything is solid and a bit on the expensive side compared to say, a Waffle House. However it is much cleaner than a Waffle House too, so it may be worth the price differential.Service has varied pretty widely. We have had super-helpful and friendly waitstaff as well as cranky, indifferent wait staff. They all seem pretty clued-in to serving tables with children, however, which is a big plus.We live close by and is a place that I will continue to frequent.
4	My favorite place in Charlotte for Strawberry Pancakes!!The fruit is fresh sliced...not sitting in a pre-packaged "syrup" base.The whip cream is made fresh in house and the Kona French Press coffee is a delight! If you are going with the regular's for a mid morning b'fast on a Saturday..plan to wait....a while.
4	Great, quick breakfast on a late Saturday morning.  I ordered the wheat germ pancakes and they literally brought me 8 pancakes. Crush were delicious.  I was with a party of 6 and everyone was satisfied.
4	For under $8 (in South Park, that's nothing), I was served two eggs, two potato pancakes, three pancakes and three turkey sausage links.  I went for lunch on election day 2010 and though the place was packed, our party of two was seated immediately.The eggs were decent; nothing special.  The potato pancakes were pretty good, but not the best I've had.  The turkey sausage and pancakes, on the other hand, were the best I've had in Charlotte.  In my experience, turkey sausage is just something that restaurants keep on hand to please their selective customers (again, this is South Park we're talking about), but I actually feel like the Original Pancake House cared about the quality of even their more obscure ingredients.  As for the pancakes, they were simply the best I've had, which says a lot considering I'm not a huge fan of pancakes in general.This filling lunch was well worth my $8.  The best breakfast restaurant I've been to around the Quail Commons area where I work.
3	Long wait, but I can see why. People drive for miles just to come eat here.While one of our bosses raved about it (it's one of his favorite spots), I found it to be only close to as good as most down south pancake/waffle houses. I personally found my corned beef hash to have way too much onion (it shouldnt overpower the corned beef hash, nor have that crunch oniony consistency).However, my pancakes and other breakfast essentials were quite edible.Would I go here again? Not if I could test something else.
4	I remember going to the OPH near Detroit when I was kid.  I never realized they were a chain until I moved to WNY and they had three loactions there, which were all just as good.  I was happy to see the two locations in Charlotte when I moved here.  This chain has a lot going for it - especially fresh food AND consistency.  This one is a good location but gets very busy on the weekends.  The food is always fresh and the service is also good, plus you cannot beat the price.  The food tastes a lot more "real" than IHOP and Waffle House and it's just overall a better experience.
4	Really good food. Good service and fairly prompt seating. Had the crepes and the wife had a dutch baby. Both were really tasty. This is our second time here and will definitly come again.
5	This was "delisious-boy!"  I ordered the freshly squeezed orange juice with a Spanish omelette which also came with 3 pancakes.  Needless to say, it was more than enough for me to eat on a nice Sunday morning.  Truth be told, I was like "Man, this is way too much food, I guess I'll take the leftover home to sit in my fridge". Let's face it, I was sitting in the backseat and the styrofoam container never hit the fridge - it hit my belly. :)These are definitely one of the best places to grab breakfast while you are in the Southpark-area.  Aside from the food, service was extremely attentive and congenial.  I enjoyed the laid-back feel of the place and the hustle and bustle of conversations struck an exacting balance.  Murmurs of conversations discussing everything and nothing all at once. I'll definitely be going back to try out some of the more fun customized pancakes and crepes.  dmo out.
5	I love this place!  Huge variety of pancakes and more on the menu.  All very tempting, but from the first time we visited we tried the Eggs Benedict and have been hooked ever since!!The Hollandaise sauce is the best I've had ever - anywhere!  And the potato pancakes that come with them are to die for!!  I don't know how they do it, they are thin, crisp, potatoey and very onioney.  I love them!!  It only makes me sad that I live in Durham and only get to this place about once a year.I did switch once and try the Dutch Baby, which was big and lovely and tasty with all the powdered sugar, butter and lemony, but I really missed my eggs bennie and potato pancakes and have never looked back.  Oh, you must try it and btw, get the sour cream and applesauce for the tater pancakes.
5	Only been here once but, that one time brought me the best scrambled eggs I've ever had in Charlotte, maybe anywhere.  Moist and fluffy and exactly what I have in my minds eye when I order scrambled eggs but almost never get.Pancakes and sausage were boss too.  5 Stars until I show up again and they happen to offer less than the aforementioned perfection!  As always with my reviews of fine South of Uptown locations, my only complaint is that it's too far from home.  Any of you getting the idea that I need to pack up the family and move?
4	Had an opportunity to eat here last night, as it was the first time in many years since my last visit.The staff was friendly, the location was clean, and the food was good.I usually do not visit such places in the evenings, but the younger one wanted to have some pancakes, so where do you go.......she said  "The Original Pancake House".This has a more limited menu than most places, but it is not lacking in the pancakes and breakfast department.I can see why this place is a staple, and I could not imagine trying to get in the doors for Breakfast as it is surely crowded with regulars and hungry people.Good Value for the money.NCFoodGuy
4	Nothing here sucks....nothing.  Ok, maybe the fact that it's gonna be packed but they do a good job churning the patrons in and out so it doesn't really suck too bad.  Just recently visited with my girlfriend and friends and one person there tried an oven baked pancake and I swear it was the size of a tire and nearly as thick.  I don't know how but he put it all away!  It looked delicious and it was a custom order so if you go and you want some additional ingredients in your pancake, don't be afraid to ask.  Aside from that, my meal was great (actually had a turkey club) and everyone let more than satisfied.  Be warned though, the menu can be a bit overwhelming....there are SO many great items to choose from!
5	An oven-baked pancake??  Maybe I live under a rock but until last Saturday I had never heard of such a thing.  Too bad I don't like pancakes.  They are like rollercoasters....looks tempting but really a waste of time.  The baked pancake my friend got looked beautiful and he finished the whole thing - it was as big as a 12-inch plate and two inches thick.  OMG.  So for those pancake lovers out there - this is your place!!!  Well for my meal I had the corned-beef sandwich and it was fantastic (except I know for next time to order it without the weird thick cheese).  And I had a side of corned-beef hash.  I never knew this was what it was supposed to taste like.  My mom gave us corned-beef hash out of a can.  I knew nothing about the real thing until this blessed day.  Sigh.....I could make a meal out of it.  Salty and crisped on the grill to perfection.  I was in heaven.  Absolutely a perfect meal.  Service was super fast and friendly.  The wait was a bit long but it was a Saturday at brunch so I kinda think you will just have to expect to wait if you go at peak times like that.  YUM!!!
3	It was my genius idea to eat a late breakfast here before heading across the street to get all wine-up at the Great Grapes Festival.  Of course I didn't think of the fact that at 10ish it's packed with people who just finished the cancer walk (the confusing part is this is not the closest one to uptown...).  I was pretty impressed with the quick turnover of the tables.The menu is big (literally and figuratively).  They don't offer the typical breakfast combo of eggs, meat, toast/biscuit, hushbrown/grits. But you bet it that pancakes come with almost everything. I ended up with the corned beef hash breakfast, which come with 2 eggs and pancakes.  I love mixing my corned beef hash with grits, so I had to order a side of grits (boooo!).  My sweet tooth of a boyfriend ordered an oven baked apple pancake with chocolate chips added.  It's way more exciting to write about his food... that thing is huge and thick, and it doesn't look like a pancake at all.  More like bread pudding or something.  It's not too sweet, but sweet enough that you don't have to put syrup if you don't want to.  He managed to finish it (with a little help from me).  I swear I don't know how he stays so freaking tiny.  My breakfast on the other hand was ok.  The corned beef hash was not as salty as others.  The pancakes weren't as good as I would have expected from a place named "Original Pancake House."  It's a little mushy if I have to say.I do have to say I wasn't happy with the service at first.  The lady wasn't exactly friendly.  I was without silverwares for longer that I should.  I know this place was crowded, but it's always crowded, so that's not good enough of a reason. But oh well... I was told to chill, so chill I did hahaApparently I'll be back for their seasonal pumpkin pancakes... let's guess whose idea that is??
4	The portions are huge and the wait time is rather long.  It's always an annoying comfort when you have to wait a hour to get seated.  It means you've chosen the right place to eat and that seemingly everyone else in the city has chosen the same place.The food isn't exactly unique, but the price is definitely a steal.  My Western omelette lasted me 3 consecutive meals.  Their hash brown mash must have an addictive additive mixed in with it's goodness because I can't seem to stop scooping those potatoes into my mouth.Go, my fellow Charlotteans!  It'll be worth the wait and kind to your wallets.
5	Busy Saturday morning option for a birthday breakfast, but the pumpkin pecan pancakes complete with candle for my birthday celebration were worth it!  My first time to this great place and it didn't disappoint!  I got the pancakes (an order of SIX for $5.99...totally could've shared with someone and brought three home) and the hashbrown potatoes which were both delicious and no syrup needed!  Also at our table we have pigs in a blanket (pancake wrapped sausage links), eggs and country ham and a HUGE omelet! Great service, great food and reasonably priced!  If you are in the South Park area...check it out...you won't be sorry!
3	Don't remember what I gave this place last time, but second time around, it's not as impressive as I may have once thought (?).  Ordered the Cobb salad with raspberry vinagrette and it was a pretty big salad--no way that I could finish it.  I think why I didn't think it was as good this time around was because there were a lot of people there on Sunday morning and I don't necessarily get the hype of the place.  The food is fairly average, but priced pretty good.  When things get hyped up too much, I generally dismiss it and places rarely ever live up to my expectation.  Will I come here again?  Probably, can't think of any other place that has the variety, price, and casual dining that this place has.dmo out.
5	BEST PANCAKES IN TOWN. This place is by far my favorite bfast/brunch spot. And their pancakes are better than any brunch location out there (NYC included). If you want to avoid the wait, go later in the afternoon. I would highly recommended their strawberry pancakes, they're out of this world.
4	So I knew this place was going to be good when we came here on a Monday morning and it was packed.  After reading over the menu with what seems like a never ending selection of waffles, pancakes and crepes I went for the Kijafa Cherry crepes & Ethiopian coffee. The Ethiopian Coffee came in a french press, so you could probably get 2-3 cups out this one. The Kijafa Crepes came with 3 large crepes covered in cherries and this awesome sauce.  Each crepe itself could have been its own serving. But I do have to remember that this is the South...so therefore everything comes in extra large.  I wish I was able eat all of it, but the my body will reject the greasy fatty goodness.  So the one crepe that I was able to eat was yum-tastic.
4	We visited the OPH on a Sunday morning. There were so many people waiting that we thought it would take a while, however the wait was relatively short about 10 minutes. We started with the fresh squeezed orange juice! It was very fresh and and a large is in a huge glass! A small is all you may need. My companion ordered the Bacon and Egg platter that comes with 3 pancakes. He said that it was all cooked well and the bacon was thick cut and cooked to just the right crispness. I ordered the Chorizo omelet with banana pancakes. The omelet was HUGE! Apparently they make their omelets with 5 eggs! You definitely could share! I took over half of it with me. The omelet was very fresh, just the right amount of spicy, and came with a warm salsa and sour cream. I barely made a dent in it! Then I had 4 smaller banana pancakes with a dusting of powdered sugar. I only need a very small amount of syrup, as the pancakes were sweet from the bananas. I like a little more banana in my pancakes, but overall they were still great. We really enjoyed our meal and would definitely go back...but share next time!
2	After going here for years, boy were we disappointed. It's like no one cared any more. For 6 of us, we got 2 menus, no kids menu, the table was dirty, we had to find our own flatware, and no coffee. Even though it wasn't filled, it took 20 minutes to get our order taken, and another 20 for it to come. The manager couldn't have cared less. We had to go into the kitchen to get ketchup. No refills on coffee, and the food was nowhere as good as  previously. This  place was always our favorite, but no longer.  It will be a long time before we consider another visit. There are plenty of other breakfast places to choose from.
2	I honestly don't understand the love the Original Pancake House gets. The fact that their pancakes and their omelets are above-average sized doesn't make them great. In fact, I'd declare they're pretty mediocre, and I've eaten here several times.There are quite a few things about OPH that irk me to no end, especially at the South Park location.1. Regarding their pancakes: yes, they're good pancakes. Best pancakes ever? Hardly. Don't get me wrong: if all I had to eat there was a stack of pancakes, I'd be satisfied. But when you hear friends and colleagues rave about OPH's pancakes, you're expecting to have your dirty, hole-filled socks knocked off. Not so much here. 2. Their omelets are obnoxious-sized. Seriously. They look as if the line cook tried to shove an entire turkey inside a egg wrap. Look, I get that breakfast is the most important meal of the day. That doesn't mean I want an omelet the size of the Hindenburg. I'm not going to finish it. Hell, I may not even last 3 bites. I'm not fond of places that tend to overdo it when it comes to certain plates. 3. In the 5 or 6 times I've eaten here, I've never been waited on by someone who didn't have a shitty attitude. Ask for extra syrup or butter, and they look at you as if you just asked if you could perform all kinds of illegal and immoral sexual acts upon their mother. Considering this is the Bible Belt, some of those acts would seem immoral here, but where I come from, that pretty much constitutes "going to first base." But I digress...In addition to shitty service is the lack of service to begin with. You get seated, and maybe, just maybe, your waiter/waitress will take a few minutes from bitching about how much they hate working here - and mind you, I worked my way through college as a waiter, so I sympathize with having to work a crowded restaurant - and maybe they'll realize your coffee's running low and pour you some. Or maybe they'll realize you don't have silverware...while your meal's on the table. You can't eat pancakes with your hand. I mean, you could, but that's barbaric.4. Speaking of coffee, their coffee is BRUTAL. A warm cup of water with a pathetic sprinkling of coffee grounds is NOT COFFEE. Then I realized they serve Royal Cup Coffee. This is the kind of coffee you serve to people you hate. Apparently, the management at OPH hates their customers.5. Speaking of customers, something about OPH seems to bring out the shitty in some customers. Apparently there's an addictive formula in their pancakes that makes some customers act stupid, although I seem to be immune. Every time I've gone to OPH, I've been seated next to patrons who speak too damned loud and want to share every excruciating detail of their lives, or behave towards their meal as if they'd just escaped from a chain gang and haven't eaten a meal in weeks. I know I pointed out the crap service, but nothing gets me as angry as a customer that treats a waitress like shit. Dressing down a waitress because she forgot to bring you your egg whites is uncalled for. And the behavior some patrons demonstrate here is a big reason why I won't return to ANY OPH, wherever, whenever. The joint seems to bring out a giant stack of stupid in people.There are better places in town for breakfast. The thing is, the existence of an establishment like OPH proves the incestuous relationship that takes place between "well-established" restaurants that are merely coasting by based upon past glories and name recognition, and a general public either too ignorant to know better, or one that simply doesn't care.
5	When I want a huge, filling, almost diner like breakfast...this is my jam.  Tons of variety, awesome portions and amazingly sweet service.  LOVE OPH!
4	Breakfast for lunch? Yes, please! The food isn't great, but it's good enough when you want steak and eggs in the afternoon. Service is excellent and the place is always clean.
4	Original Pancake House's pancakes are great!  The best I've ever had?  No, but among the best.Servers are consistently friendly and efficient, and the dining area is always clean.  Portions are generous, and prices are fair.
4	We've been to OPH a handful of times over the years and the service and food are always pretty consistent.  My 14 yo son typically gets some type of pancakes (he likes their chocolate chip) and my husband always gets an omelet and we split it because they are enormous!!!  During our recent visit, we had the Chorizo Omelet and it was quite good...Chorizo, peppers, onions, cheese with a side of salsa (they have green and black olives in their salsa, which is a bit odd but tastes ok) and sour cream.  Their (enormous) omelets also come with a side of pancakes, but we opt for home fries instead.  Their coffee is ok...it's a bit on the strong side for me, but it's acceptable.  Service is always friendly and attentive.  The only major downside is that there is always a long wait on the weekends....so get there early!!  Our last visit was the morning after a night of freezing rain so the restaurant was only busy and not CRAZY busy so we walked right in...and got the last open table.  Score!Prices a bit high for breakfast ($11.95 for the Chorizo omelet with side of potatoes), but consistent with other breakfast places in the South Park area.
5	My family and I have gone to this location several times and the wait has never been too long and the food has always been doggy bag worthy...
4	This was my first visit to the Original Pancake House, on the recommendation of one of my friends who tried it on a recent visit to Charlotte. She said that it was really good and the omelets were unbelievable. Mmmmm....omelets! So in we went, on Sunday afternoon....surprised that the wait was not very long at all! Our waitress greeted us right away and gave us menus to review. I already knew what I wanted, I was a little disappointed that there was no "build your own option" on the omelet menu. I mean don't get me wrong they had some pretty awesome choices Western, Veggie, Ham and Bacon but none that you could customize on your own. Oh well.... I customized my ordered and chose a ham omelet, add spinach and cheese. My mouth was watering as all the entrees came flying out the kitchen! I could hardly wait, our waitress brought our a plate with some butter and syrup and then it was time to dig in!My omelet was huge! It's a four egg omelet....I mean does it get much better than that??? It was hot and cheesy! And they did not skimp on the toppings! Every bite had some ham, and spinach...so that was awesome! The pancakes were light and fluffy and just simply delicious!Everything with this place was totally right, look forward to going back!
4	Where do I start.  I'm in love with this restaurant for breakfast. Each time I've been there are always a lot of people waiting which makes you think there would be a really long wait, however, even with crowds of people waiting I've never had a wait longer than 15-20 minutes. So don't just drive by thinking it's too crowded. The staff are great. With a restaurant being that busy it would be easy to get flustered, but I've never had bad service. The guy in charge of the waiting list is great at his job (don't remember his name). He keeps the revolving door of people working like a well oiled machine. The wait staff are also good. I've never had a bad waiter/waitress. Very polite and helpful if you need anything. The kitchen must be crazy with all the orders, but the food is always good and comes out fast. I take all of my out of town guests here and they have all fallen in love with this place.
5	oph is so good!  anything on the menu is worth trying and the service is always exceptional.
4	Today is only my second visit to this place ever:  Pancakes, Sausage and Cubed&Grilled Potato with a little Onion!Sorry for the comparison:  Compared to "Eddie's Place" and "Le Peep"!Pancakes With Powdered Sugar Wrapped around Link Sausages and whipped Butter!  Yum!  These were Very Good!  4 yelp stars for the pancakesSausage Links 3 stars!  Good Flavor, better than Eddie's on the Sausage!  "Le Peep" wins on the SausageCubed and Grilled Potatoes with Onion... 3 stars!  Eddies Place Wins on the Potatoes!Service was Fantastic... Being sleep deprived made my ability to read a Menu even more pronounced, my Server told me how to get what i wanted as a package deal!  At 11:00 am Friday Breakfast they were Packed!
4	One of my favorite brunch spots in Charlotte is definitely The Original Pancake House on Sharon Road, that is if you can get in the door. On any given Sunday the restaurant is packed with people and the wait is over an hour, but it is totally worth the wait. I have never had a bad experience at The Original Pancake House and I've tried many different dishes over the years. Perhaps my favorite dish at The Original Pancake House is their chocolate chip pancakes. Now I love a good chocolate chip pancake and it's very hard to get them done just right. Most of the places I've been to may put a few chips inside the pancake, but the majority of the chips are scattered on top of the pancakes. However, at The Original Pancake House they put tons of chocolate chips both inside the pancakes and on top of the whipped cream that's on the pancakes. This makes for a great combination of perfectly melted chocolate chips and hard chocolate chips on top that melt in your mouth.Also another favorite of mine is the ham and cheese omelet. The omelet's at The Original Pancake House are absolutely huge and I don't think I've ever actually finished a whole omelet in one sitting. Not only are these omelets big, but they are also stuffed with whatever toppings you want, so you will not be disappointed with your meal. The only reason I gave this restaurant a 4-star rating is because of the wait time and the noise level inside the restaurant (sometimes it gets pretty loud), but if I were basing my rating solely on the quality of the food then I would give The Original Pancake House a 5-star rating. The food tastes fantastic and it is very reasonable for the price. You definitely should check it out the next time you are looking for a great brunch spot and have some time to kill.
3	This is not in Ballantyne
4	Went there this past weekend with friends from out of town. Seating was fast, the service was SUPER courteous and speedy. Our waitress checked with us every 10 minutes or so and refreshed coffee and water right on time.This was my first visit to one in NC but I was a big fan in GA. I will be going back. There are few places where you get such great service with such HUGE plates of food. Strawberry waffles are next on my list!
5	Great service tonight as usual. The menu is the same but the food seems to get better anytime. For little $ you great a grand meal with a side of home made whipped cream.
3	Nice day for some brunch at the ohop. Meat lovers omelet was great.  The waitress kept forgetting things. We asked for extra napkins twice. First she only bought us 2. Well it was 2 people at the table. Then we asked for more an had to ask 2 times. We come here several times a year. This was unusual for the waitress staff. The food was good.
5	Pancakes, crepes, potato pancakes, hashbrowns, coffee, old fashioned oat meal.. There's so much to choose from and I can never settle on just one thing! I ALWAYS end up ordering WAY too much food at the original pancake house. It's all so delicious. I'm a big fan of the plain crepes and the chocolate chip pancakes. I get one of these dishes every time. The oat meal is really tasty, too. It's thick and hearty, not watery at all. The hashbrowns are the best in town, in my opinion. Chunks of potatoes and onions and yummy seasoning. If you're planning on arriving after 9am on a saturday or sunday be prepared to wait. They move people in and out pretty quickly, though! I've never had to wait very long for my food to arrive at the table and truthfuly, it gets inhaled pretty quickly because it's just so tasty!
5	I had breakfast here today with my Cousin, childhood friend and of course the Mrs.We arrived at about 9:30 and had a 15 minute wait. It was a good way to catch up with the family. When we were seated our waitress Teresa came right over to take our drink orders. She was also very helpful answering any questions we had about the menu. After deliberating over the menu my wife had the Jr plate (three pancakes, one egg and two sausage links). I had the buckwheat pancakes with scrambled egg beaters and corned beef hash.   My cousin had the two by four platter and my friend had the pigs in a blanket. (I was tempted to try the Dutch baby as mentioned in other reviews but then I would have needed a nap). Everyone was very satisfied with their food. You get a lot of great food for a great value. When we left there was a thirty minute wait and now I know why. Timing is everything when coming here.
5	I still love going to OPH. Great service and terrific food. Today was the strawberry blintzes, which are crepes wrapped around a strawberry and custard filling, then topped with strawberry syrup and real (not canned) whipped cream.You can't go wrong here. Their omelets are baked rather than grilled, which means that they come out tall and fluffy, stuffed with goodness. Or try the Dutch Baby, a huge pancake bowl that needs only lemons and hold the powdered sugar. The pancakes are also rather fluffy and I love the doughyness of them, topped with fresh strawberries and hot syrup.I see people get the eggs and bacon and I wonder... dude! There is so much more here than the basic over easy and three strips. But it's a free country.On the weekends, this place is rocking. Expect an hour wait on sunny days.
5	Love this place!  Great food and huge portions. Love to eat here every time we Re in the South park area around breakfast time
4	Great service! You more than enough food for your money and the service is flawless. The only reason it didn't 5/5 is because you have to catch the establishement on it's rare occasion of not being PACKED or else you'll be waiting a bit for a table as it's almost always busting at the seams (on weekends).
4	Today was my first time eating here. The food was great. I had the strawberry French toast with eggs over medium came out with fresh strawberries and strawberry syrup soo delicious also my eggs were perfect. As for my husband he had the steak and cheese omelet it was so fluffy and filled with shaved steak and veggies I recommend it. The reason for my 4 stars was because our server seemed to have an off day. She was rude and then had the Odasity to be friendly to the table next to is, she didn't even check on us got my drink order wrong and when I asked about items she gave me cold answers, when I come back I hope I don't have her again thank god the food was good enough to overlook her horrible service
5	For you bacon lovers, they have bacon pancakes! The restaurant is in a busy location but this was not a problem when I arrived. I like the warmness of the restaurant.  I ordered two buckwheat pancakes and two eggs over hard.  Buckwheat is a type of flour that is supposed to be pretty health.  I enjoyed every bit of the meal as it was just enough for my stomach.  Service was fast and courteous so we were able to run in, grab a quick bite, and be on our way.  I look forward to my next visit to OPH; the location, however, is far from home.
5	Very yummy :) great with kids.. We spilled a drink and before we could ask for help they had a stack of napkins ;)
5	Im from Arizona visiting and This place is awesome, great service, awesome food. A great menu. If you want to eat healthy you can eat healthy you want to pig out then go for it.
4	Great place for pancakes - huge portions and a variety that pleases any taste. I am a fan of the crepes. Very busy always so expect a wait unless you get there early.
5	This place has been around for ever, and it just gets better and better. We dined here on a Sunday morning, fairly early, trying to beat the church crowd. When w got there, there was a wait. They told us 15 minutes, but it was more like 5, which is always a pleasant surprise. I ordered the strawberry pancakes, which is 6 pancakes, fresh strawberries, whipped cream and warm strawberry syrup. I also had a side of bacon. My husband had 2 eggs, fried, with bacon and an order of three pancakes. Both of our meals were wonderful! The pancakes are smaller than what you get at IHOP, but so, SO much better. They're light, fluffy, and delicious. The strawberries were super sweet on their own, and between those, the whipped cream and the dusting of powdered sugar, you don't need much syrup. But add some anyways ;)The bacon was thick cut and delicious. The service was quick, our server was friendly and efficient. This is definitely a favorite spot for breakfast in Charlotte.
5	Best breakfast around by far! Try to get there early on Sundays, it gets very busy around 1030/12; people are packed outside waiting for a table. Promise you the wait is well worth it!
4	Lots of variety and the food is good. There can be a waiting list, but it typically moves pretty quick so don't be discouraged if you see a line if people outside.
4	Really good coffee in a not small mug. Good service and tasty food (I had an apple Belgian waffle with Turkey bacon). I'll be back.
5	Delicious homemade corned beef hash, and awesome pancakes!  The wait was surprisingly short given that it was Father's Day.  Staff is very friendly, and food quick to arrive.  Next time, I will get the apple pancake, which looked incredible!
5	I love this place, I always order the same thing at this location:Hash browns and Eggs, Sub for banana nut Pancakes.Here is what you need to know:Original Pancake House is a franchise, however it is not the same in all locations, the Charlotte location's both share what appears to be the same menu. I have also visited the one in Northern VA, and South field MI. The main differences are the prices, combinations, and menu layouts. The main thing they all have in common is the best pancakes that you can find at a restaurant period.That being said, every year after Ramadan ends, Muslim's usually go to breakfast. I credit myself as the person that fought for everyone to go to OPH, which I we know as OHOP, because everyone always wanted to go to iHop. There was a staunch iHOP supporter in our cliche, but she thankfully has retreated to Jordan, but sadly I have also made a tactical withdraw to Michigan where the OPH is not quite the same. Why OPH, is better than IHOP:1. They will allow to sub anything for anything, and pay the difference, IHOP will not.example: IHOP will not allow you sub meat for non-meat, even if you don't eat meat!2. OPH has better options for people who don't want to eat meat, but do want to eat eggs. example: Hash brown and eggs Combo comes with Pancakes.3. OPH pancakes are perfection, IHOP pancakes are a joke and are only eaten as a result of good marketing and advertising. 4. OPH has better syrup, made from fresh ingredients. The strawberry syrup is made with real strawberries, The Blueberry is made with real blueberries. This cannot be said about IHOP. Think about that next time you are at IHOP trying to pull that syrup jug that's stuck on the table to pour over your lowsy IHOP pancakes.5. OPH omellets are bigger and better, granted that are different style.Example: I brought my friend there, and before we order I asked him, "Are you ready?". He didn't what I was talking about until the mammoth omelet came out. I am sure OPH is a great way to put your kids to sleep for the day, worth trying. IHOP omellets aren't bad as long as they don't cross contaminate your food, with things you don't want.I think I have made my point, the take away here, is OPH has the best pancakes period, if you know better send me a message or something.
5	This is my favorite breakfast place.   Seriously, their food is amazing.   For starters, I love that they have the traditional thin waffle.   My personal favorite is the waffle with strawberries.   And it comes with a strawberry syrup.  Their bacon is the best in town.  Thick cured and flavorful bacon.  Yum!  The staff is always friendly and the wait time is never as bad as other restaurants.
5	Even the grumpiest of grumps couldn't find anything to complain about here. The breakfast choices are so wonderfully indulgent. I'm dreaming about the baked apple pancake right now. Wait the 20 minutes for it, you will not regret it. The regular pancakes, waffles, omelets - everything is delicious.  The real fruit syrups are a do not miss!  The staff is friendly and efficient. I love a restaurant where the servers actually work hard.  They move quick, they anticipate your needs and they make the customers happy. I'm guessing loafers don't last long here.
5	The pancakes are really good never overdone or underdone. Good service waitresses are nice and it does not take that long to get your food.
2	The very basics of breakfast nothing extraordinary here. My trip would have been fine except I ordered hash-browns and instead got home fries. To make things worse when I asked the waiter about it she wanted to argue with me about wether hash browns and home fries were the same. Instead she could of said ok would you like something else instead. Oh well, I won't be back. If your in the mood for basic breakfast in a clean dining room with hit or miss customer service I dare you to check them out.
4	Atmosphere was cute, staff was friendly. My eggs (over medium) were perfect, and the thick cut bacon did not disappoint. However, the gluten free blueberry pancakes did not agree with me. I wouldn't say I have a serious gluten intolerance, but I do avoid it if I can. They tasted delicious, but I wouldn't recommend these if you indeed are gluten intolerant. Stick to the eggs and bacon.
