5	Par Excellence Groundskeeping did an amazing job on our front lawn this morning. He is very fast, friendly and reliable. My husband and I will hire him again soon. Thank you so much!
5	Levi is truly top notch. I rent a house that has a big mesquite tree in the front yard. It grew so fast that I couldn't keep up with it. So I called Levi at Par Excellence Groundskeeping to completely remove the tree. He was professional, on time, friendly, and efficient. He spent all of Saturday digging out the tree. He worked tirelessly for 12 hours. At the end of the day, he still wasn't able to dig up the trunk because he found that the roots ran much deeper than he thought. So he came back on Sunday...at no extra charge. After working another 4 hours, he was finally able to get the trunk out with his truck. He had to put quite a bit of wear and tear on his saw blades, having to replace them. But he didn't pass that cost onto me. Instead, he gave me a flat quote at the start of the job and completed that work for the price, no matter the cost to him.I would highly recommend Par Excellence Groundskeeping to anyone.
5	Based on the previous two good reviews, I decided to call Levi to do a whole yard cleaning for my rental home.  And I am glad that I did.From the first time talking to Levi on the phone to the first time meeting him at my property, my feeling was telling me that he is an honest and caring person. He came and walk around my yard with me explaining to me what needs to be done and how it will be done.  And the estimate is very reasonable that I decided on the spot that I don't have to look any further.  He came back a couple of days later to completed the work. And he did a fantastic job. The yard is so clean, all the bushes are neatly trimmed, and weeds are all pulled. Very very nice.When I met him at the end of that day to do a walk through, he point out to me that my house has signs of termites. I took his words seriously and had a termites guy came and do an inspection. Well, I had the termites treatment done yesterday. I don't know if he didn't point out the termite problem to me, how bad the problem could turn into later....... Extra thank you for that Levi.
