4	I only just stumbled upon this place last week. Which makes sense, as its only been open for a few months. It's actually really close to the Thrift Shop. Miss Dixiebelle specialises in burlesque lingerie. They have other items of clothing as well, such as trousers and skirts and dresses, but they claim that what differentiates them from a shop I thought they were affiliated with in the Grassmarket, is that they mostly sell lingerie. Really sexy burlesque lingerie to boot. I'd give these cool cats 5 stars if their merchandise weren't so terribly above my price-range that it kinda hurts. Corsets are about 150 pounds. Trousers (really cool high wasted trousers with huge buttons) are over 50 pounds. I mean, I want to own these things, but I refuse to pay that much money for any item of clothing. But if you do have some moolah stored up, or if you just want a good excuse to buy something sexy, stop here. And shop here.
5	I've been looking for a vintage hair salon for a while and couldn't believe my luck when I found Miss Dixiebelle's website and realised they were so close. Not only do they sell the beautiful clothes and vintage inspired underwear I'd been buying online (so much easier now I can try before I buy) but they have a salon downstairs where they transform you into the vintage chick you always wanted be. I've been wearing vintage or repro for years, even owning my own vintage store at one stage but always fell down at the hair/makeup stage. They did a beautiful job for a hen day I had and I'm excited to be going back this weekend together my hair done for the wedding. I can't recommend Miss Dixiebelle enough. The girls are lovely and welcoming and the shop is darling. Looking forward to becoming a regular customer.
5	I don't think there is anything else I can say about Miss Dixiebelle that has not already been said...Not only is the store full of fabulous clothing, the staff are incredibly friendly and the styling?  Amazing.I've had my hair done here twice.  The first time I liked what was done but I wasn't wowed by it.  It looked amazing, but I wasn't sure it looked amazing on ME if that makes sense.  The second time I realised that I have a voice! So I spoke up, actually described what I wanted, made a few comments throughout and guess what?  It was perfect.  She did exactly what I wanted and almost more importantly, that baby had staying power.  My fabulous hair held through hours of drinking, dancing, clothing changes, drinking, and more drinking.  Definitely three cheers for Miss Dixiebelle and the team of hair and makeup stylists.
5	I shouldn't technically be reviewing this place as I have not yet been a customer...only a deeply admiring window shopper. Until my student budget ceases I think this will be the case but the day it does this shop will be my first port of call! They have some stunning items, beautifully made by the top vintage-inspired brands (hence the price tag). I have popped in a few times & the shop looks fantastic, much thought has gone into its styling It has a small but neat range of all sorts of clothing, corsets, playuits, trousers etc. The staff were super friendly, asking me about some items I was wearing too which was lovely. You get 5 stars for being such a beautiful little shop, I promise I will come in to buy & not just look when my purse strings allow it!
5	I adore this place!The shop itself is in a very cool area of the city which I'd like to explore more. The merchandise is really well-chosen and top quality, nothing cheap or unflattering here!My first visit was for a hairdo for a party, and I could not have been more thrilled. I left with a very flattering up-do inspired by the '30's, which took mere minutes to do. I am not fond of being trapped in a salon for hours, I much prefer to have the work done quickly and competently, and this is certainly what I got here. A couple of days later I returned for a hair cut, which was really superbly done.I look forward to a return visit.
5	Wow wow wow! I LOVED my 50s style hair! :) I've been wanting to get my hair done by Miss Dixiebelle's for so long now, and I finally had an excuse going to the Yelp 50s spring dance. The staff were sooo nice and friendly and I felt so comfortable there. I wasn't sure exactly what I wanted when I went in but they gave me books to look at and further suggestions while my hair was being styled.I felt so glam going to the dance that night, and I couldn't help smiling to myself as I was just so chuffed to have my hair done so beautifully. When I got home my flatmates were very impressed and then I had to skype my sister to show her. My dad came onto skype to see the hair as well. He suggested I do that all the time...I wish! I really didn't want to take the hair down this morning but I decided for work I would. Now that I'm back to boring normal hair I wish I hadn't..though it might look a bit odd at running club later. I'll be looking for another suitable occasion soon to try out another hairstyle.
5	Is it possible for these lovely ladies to come live with me? Had the pleasure of getting my hair tended to last week by the Miss Dixiebelle team. I'm totally rubbish with my hair and it always looks a bit boring. Jumped at the chance of having my hair styled and have always wanted to try out victory rolls. I didn't catch the girls name who done my hair but she done an amazing job of it. Wish I could look that glam every day. Even ended up doing a bit of impromptu PR in the toilets after a couple of girls commented on my awesome rolls. So glad these gals are opening up in Glasgow. Shall be using them for all my big events now, maybe even just for nights out too. I hear they do make up also, can imagine that's just as good as the hair. Loved their uniforms too, very cool. See you in Glasgow, ladies!
5	I may have to come to some agreement here with the lovely Leanne R for joint custody of the super talented Miss Dixiebelle ladies to come live in my house! I was lucky enough to have my crazy, usually straight, limp hair tamed & beautified at a recent Yelp event and nothing could have prepared me for how absolutely AMAZING my hairdo was. I didn't have a mirror in front of me to see just what the lovely Emma had done but as soon as I got an opportunity to check it out (in the ladies loos) I was stunned - I had been very vague about what I wanted done; I pretty much said 'Do what you like' and I was certainly not let down at all. I can only DREAM of being able to recreate the fabulous hair creation that the super talented Emma gave me ~ plus I would seriously need an extra pair of hands! Emma named my hairdo 'Mermaid Dita Von Teese' Hehee! Perfect. Everyone that had their hair styled looked totally beautiful. I tried to keep it in for the following day and even after a night sleeping with it (protected by a hair scarf) people were STILL complimenting me on my hair! I have been non-stop raving to all who will listen about how great the Miss Dixiebelle team are. I heard on the grapevine (or Yelpvine should I say) that they are planning on opening up a Glasgow salon and that is just brilliant news! I cannot wait. Yippee! If you want to feel a million quid (it's worth more than $$) and like a old fashioned super glamorous film star then visit these wonderful ladies. You won't regret it.I also LOVE their gorgeous uniforms. Miss Dixiebelle ~ we await your arrival in Glasgow with bated breath.
