5	I was looking to get invisalign for awhile and came across an ad on FB for $1000 off the treatment [great marketing technique] so I called. Severin, was very helpful in discussing my options, I made an appt. It's a very cute office, clean and modern. Good location. Not having been to the dentist for a few years prior, I definitely needed a cleaning, the hygienist was super nice and yes, very gentle. Thank god! I'm a b*tch when it comes to that ultrasonic scaler thing. I decided to go through with the full treatment of Invisalign, a couple weeks later. Had the impressions done, x-rays and whatever else..I want to say it's been about 8 months now and my teeth are almost straight! Dr. Chawla and his assistant, (I can't remember her name, but she's real fabulous) make everything really easy and comfortable for me. Dentist appointments always use to suck, but I can honestly say I'm excited every time I go in, I recommend them to everyone!
3	Good:-Very well thought out website (except for the cheesy Flash intro), has forms available online.-The latest and greatest tools, great facility.-Staff is super knowledgeable and professional overall, especially Dr. Chawla and his dental assistants.Bad:They have a gentleman on their staff who is very surly.  He's the one who usually answers the phones. When I met him, he was even grouchier in person.  All he cares about he if you're going to pay right now.  He even asked me when I was going to pay....after I JUST paid. Very negative experience in my three or four interactions with  him.  I don't know why this practice employs someone like this, after having gone through the trouble of making sure everything else is good...unless he's the bad cop to their good cop.
4	The gentleman I mentioned in my original review sent me a really nice and very classy email apologizing for the negative experience I had.  He made me feel welcome to go in again and said that he'd work on his etiquette, having taken the review as constructive criticism.  Though I felt that at the time of my visit he wasn't the most friendly, I believe now that he does have the patients' care at heart.
5	Dr. Chawla has a very keen eye for detail.  Which is great cause I am a picky patient.   I needed to have some work done and Dr. Chawla understood all my concerns and got the dental work done perfect the first time!  Really enjoyed my time there - The office manager is a hoot too.
5	I don't dread going to the dentist anymore! Bella smiles is awesome - I just kick back, relax, watch TV on the flat screen and let the hygienist work away (who are always very gentle and detailed by the way). I love that it is so easy to get appointments and the times that I want - also love that they are tech savvy and I get appointment reminders via email and text which is super helpful! So I recently chipped my tooth and got an appointment the next day with Dr. Chawla - he was great and really listened to me and was able to make my tooth look perfect just how it was before the chip! I wouldn't go anywhere else in town!
5	I have been going to Dr Chawla for about 8 years. I love the new office, and his staff have always been great. Severn who handles the insurance and payments has always helped me keep my co-pays to zero or very low...  I always recommend Bella Smiles to my friends. the no pain Dentist.... :)
5	I love Bella smiles I was referred by a friend and I will never go to another dentist. I got invisign plus other services and my teeth went from ok to perfect in only a year of work and all for a great price! Plus, the staff is very friendly and they've never hurt me.
5	Love this place! Everyone is friendly, accommodating & professional from the front staff to everyone working in the back. Very impressed with Dr. CHAWLA'S & the hygienist's work! Love that this dental office is very well-kept & easily accessible from the 215. I definitely recommend this place!
5	Expressing my appreciation & love for having found Bella Smiles! I went there 18 mths ago after seeing the Invisalign deal- admittedly I was a little skeptical - thinking this must be too good to be true.. 'what's the catch?' Was I really only going to be charged $3000 for a full treatment Hansen Orthodontics had quoted me $6500 for??? Well Bella Smiles didn't disappoint. The went 'above & beyond' my expectations. I had crowded teeth- one of my bottom row teeth was completely out of line, my upper teeth were all crooked  -I even had a little indent in my lip where my 2 front teeth were stuck out. My treatment was estimated to take between 12-18mths. It took the full 18 mths (I had to have wisdom teeth extracted mid treatment which delayed things a little) I wore the Invisalign diligently- I was really disciplined about it I think you do have to have a lot of determination and drive to do it as It's not easy to keep up but if you keep your eyes locked on the prize (straight teeth!) you will get there and reap the ultimate reward: a smile to be proud of. Dr Chawla is a wonderful dentist/ortho - he is really honest about everything- he won't sugar coat things just to sell you on something - you can tell he cares about the patient genuinely and most importantly to me does not see you as just another piece of revenue.  Every visit I had at the office went smoothly - Every experience I had with the staff there was nice; they talk to you like a human being not a like a fake smiley customer service robot- you can tell they enjoy working there. The front desk girls and admin are very knowledgeable about procedures AND about handling insurance- they have gone out of the way to navigate the maze and obstacles of my dental insurance to the best of my advantage- for that I am very grateful.So now 18mths later I have proudly completed my Invisalign treatment I have perfect straight teeth. There were NO hidden costs that came and bit me in the behind. Now I am a patient there and go for check ups and any other dental work I need. Lastly have to mention the dental hygienist there is very skilled, precise and gentle.
5	I went there to get my bridge and implant. I was very impressed with the office.  The quality of care is excellent. Dr chow did most of the work.  This city is filled with incompetent dentists. These guys are the top of their profession.
5	This group is incredible and don't get me started on how amazing Angie is. She made my mouth feel like a million dollars, I had never been here before yesterday but from now on this is my place and Angie is my girl.
5	Dr. Chawla and his crew have been everything I need for my comfort and the health of my teeth. I love that they have the latest technology and medicine making every visit a success. Much thanks to you all!
