5	What?!  I dunno who would be checking Yelp for DMV reviews haha but needed to give them a well deserved thumbs up.I moved here from Chicago, and trips to the downtown DMV are always "get comfortable" ordeals, and you better get your shield up because it is so unnecessarily rude and intense.I was in and out with a new sticker here in literally 4 minutes.  (O_O) I was stunned.  Didn't even have time to take my jacket off and start reading Game Of Thrones cause I thought I'd be there a while.  First time in my life I was happy after a trip to the DMV!
4	When I think DMV I think very salty people who work in service but are really just there to get a check.  Then I moved to the midwest.  Though this place is never a hoop hollering good time I am always greeted with a smile.  The staff at this location will eagerly answer any questions you have without any of that sass they throw at you on the west coast.The hours here are a bit inconsistent however.  Sometimes they open at 8 sometimes at 8:30. I think I may have even come here at 7:30 once.  My recommendation?  Check the website so you aren't just hanging around the DMV like some sort of fan. I am not sure if this place allows you to make reservations but I don't think you would even need to.  The last few times I have been here I was in and out within 15 min.  I am sure there are times when they get really busy but it you've ever lived in a major city then you will be thankful fo the half hour wait here.
1	This place is so irritating!!!! And not to mention rude state workers..
4	I know, I know... How does one become a fan of any State department, let alone the red-headed-step-child of them all (the DMV)?Simple. This particular location is incredibly efficient. I've rarely, if ever, had to wait more than 5 minutes before being helped. And the staff, while not jovial, is extremely knowledgable and for the most part, friendly and helpful. A few years ago, while renewing my license plates, I asked one of the staff for any tips about the best time to visit this location, and she said that Friday mornings before 11:00am are usually the best. She was right-on. I've followed her advice by visiting on Thursdays or Fridays prior to 10:45am and have never once waited in line. The WI DMV now takes debit/credit cards, although they do charge an additional $1.25 service fee (I thought that was illegal, according to Visa/MasterCard terms??) if you use the plastic.So... while we all dread visiting the DMV, this one's not half bad.
4	I wholeheartedly agree with Steve L's assessment of the Wisconsin DMV mother ship.  Disregard the stereotype of the disaffected state employee - I've always been impressed with my interactions with the staff at this location.  I recently had to call them about getting a replacement tags for my vehicle.  The wait to get a live person was short and the staff members I spoke to were courteous and professional.  I also liked that they have a short satisfaction survey you can take after you complete your call - they seem committed to making positive interactions with the publicWhen visiting in person to renew my drivers license, I've had the same positive interactions, but the wait times can be long, especially on Monday.Pro tip:  If you want find out the approximate wait time of this service center, check out this this website:  https://trust.dot.state.wi.us/cscfinder/cscsearch.doSee, they really do want us to like them!
