3	I don't mind it... Really.I just hate the kids who go in there.If you're such a rebel and hate corporate america, why are you shoppinga t a corporate company?They've got some really funny stuff, and some cute stuff, but the other shit is hilariously sad.TRIPP pants and giant lace up boots with steel toes are so done with.It's all about skinny jeans and cowboy boots now.And I work there, so you kinda have to trust my opinion.
3	My brother proudly hates this store. Yet almost every year when I buy him things from there for Christmas or his Birthday - he totally loves them.  Every time.  As he's gotten a bit older there is less for him here except t-shirts, but during his 13-16 years this was the ultimate stop for his Christmas stocking.  Funny t-shirts, buttons w/ funny sayings, cool notebooks, fun character stuff from the newest "cool" tv show.  Even pencils with cool stuff on them.  Once he found out where some of them were from because he said I shouldn't have even gone in there because he hates that store, but by that point he loved what I'd gotten him enough that it was assumed that must have been the ONLY cool think in there.  If you don't have a teenager, or someone who lives at least a part of their life like a teenager, don't bother to go in the store.  But for those who love Family Guy, feel a little goth or emo now and then or just want to find a cool band concert shirt so they'll be hip with the ladies - this isn't an all bad place to go.
2	I know I sound square...but I can't stand this store.When it first came around I liked going in and looking at all the original stuff they had compared to most stores in the mall, but now not so much. Every time I go in there these days I feel first off claustrophobic, then I feel weird because my hair is not dyed black or some other not natural color, and then I think I don't want a shirt with some 80's character on it! Most of all I just find emo/goth types who are always running ramped in there to be overwhelming. I feel more fake shopping in there, than where I usually do.
1	I was sitting outside of Macy's and decided to walk over to this store. I figured it was more of a kids store, mostly for boys.  Whoa!  It was a few days before Halloween, and it looked like a Fredrick's of Hollywood wanna be. Halloween aside -- this place came off as a low class and raunchy.  Was that really the intent of your business plan?  Did you feel you executed it well?  Who is your market demo anyway?  I mean really?  Ugh!
4	This is not my type of store but I have gone in to purchase gifts. Those of you that rated it low, everyone deserves to have a place to shop. This serve the purpose for those people. Gotta give them props. They have excellent customer service and are willing to go out of their way to help you find something even at other stores.
3	It's hard to review this brand, as I only go her with my teenage daughters as that is the clientele they are geared towards.  My daughters however enjoy shopping here, so I guess that makes it o.k.
4	Jack Skellington & Invader Zim - they are store staples - how can I not be a fan.  For the latest in Dark and Hard entertainment - movies/music, Mavel & DC merchandise, Black veil Brides to Iron Maiden - this is just a fun place.  Not for everyone I understand - the employees are usually very nice and helpful and darkly colorful.  You can be sure they will have a box of bacon & cheese Crickets on hand and some older favorites like Razzles.
4	Trying to find some clever gifts for my sister-in-law, I stopped by Hot Topic. Growing up, I loved Hot Topic. They always had awesome movie/band t-shirts (where else was I going to find a David Bowie shirt?) and other odds and ends. Now, they have even more movie/show related merchandise. My Little Pony - check. Adventure Time - check. DC/Marvel - check. Miscellaneous anime - check. Supernatural - check! (There are tons more, but those are the items I really remember.) They still have awesome band shirts, but the merchandise is way more diverse now. Since it was close to Halloween, they even had some sweet costumes and accessories. (I saw a little girl and her mom buying some Doctor Who items for her costume.) The store is pretty cramped and darkly lit, so if there are a lot of customers inside, you might have trouble maneuvering. Otherwise, it's a great shop to pick up some gifts or find some something awesome for yourself.
