5	Bill is the real deal. The first pool guy we hired created so many problems for us by doing everything poorly and incorrectly. Bill was empathic, gave us a great deal and has gone above and beyond to fix the mistakes of the other guy that we hired. I cannot recommend him enough. Feel free to email me personally through the website if you want a reference!
5	You dont find many pool professionals that are professional, punctual and trust worthy. Bill is all of these and more. Had several issues with our pool/spa and Bill was a great asset. Highly recommended.
5	Bill saved my pool. I moved into a new home and had a pool that was drained. I unfortunately hired a different person off craigslist who did a terrible job. He added water and start up chemicals, as well as installed the expensive color changing LED pool light I bought but never came back. Turned out the pump was old and the filters were in bad shape. (didn't work) so after a few days the pool turned green. The other pool guy literally went MIA (wouldn't return my calls)I called Bill and he replaced all the filters in an extremely fast fashion, was patient and walked me through using the pump. (He even used a black sharpie and wrote on each piece of the pump so I would know how to use it in the future. Absolute pro!)About 2 months later my expensive LED light burned out. Turned out when the first pool guy installed it, he stripped the screw and put the light on improperly; this flooded the light and damaged it! Too bad my light warranty doesn't cover water damage!Bill came back and was able to get the light out and fix the stripped screw. His prices are fair and he is seriously a pro.
5	I'm not sure how my husband found Bill, but I'm sure glad he did.  We had sold our house and needed a leak fixed asap.  Bill responded quickly and was fair (with pricing), polite and courteous.  Even called me Ma'am!  A genuine  service provider!
5	Bill is the first person you want to call. After figuring out we had a problem with our pool, Bill was at our door within minutes. He worked efficiently to fix our problem and went above and beyond in terms of his service and hospitality - all at a great rate. I would definitely recommend Bill to anyone needing pool repair.
5	Its just hard to find good pool repair technicians and Bill is the Best! Plain and Simple.
5	Bill was awesome! Even through some challenges. My house was being readied for sale and the pool was a very deep emerald green. I needed someone to make and keep the pool crystal clear until the house sold. The pool was not in the best condition and someone kept turning off the water. Bill handled the whole situation with great professionalism, And most of all, he kept the pool clear and sparkling and the house sold very quickly!Thanks Bill! If I had a pool now, it would be you I would call.
