5	Tangible Tanning is one of my favorite local Phoenix businesses.  As you can probably tell, I try to stay tan.  Tangible is one of the few tanning salons I've used that isn't an overall annoying experience.  In fact, I actually enjoy going a few days a week.  I've had a monthly unlimited tanning membership here for over a year now.The space is very modern and clean, and if you didn't know better you might think you were walking into an art gallery (they do sell the art that's displayed on the walls).  Clayton, who works the front counter, is just about the nicest guy in the world and presents a great face to this business.  I am always greeted by name and he always seems willing to do whatever he can to help to help me pick out a lotion, understand upgrade pricing, or decide on a bed type and duration to use.The beds themselves are modern, clean and seem to always have new bulbs installed.  Towels are always available, along with eye goggles that are free for use (I used to take this for granted until I tried a couple salons in L.A. that didn't offer them).  There are plenty of lotions to choose from, and if you buy some here you can keep it behind the counter for when you come in (another feature I used to take for granted until realizing this is not a common offering at salons).Tangible also owns Tangible fitness next door, an equally gorgeous space that houses a fitness gym.  I haven't tried this gym yet, but plan to try it soon and return with my review.My mantra is that there are so few businesses anymore that really excel at what they set out to do, and Tangible Tanning is one of them.
4	Good selection of machines, comfortable environment and down to earth, friendly people.
4	This review is for Tangible Fitness, right next door.  This place is great.  They actually allow you to pay as you go.  Membership is $25 a month, which is definitely worth it.  Their equipment is clean, and in good condition, and they have a nice selection.  I wouldn't mind if they had a couple more eliptical machines.  They only have 3 of the kind that I prefer to use, and if it's busy you may have to wait to use one.  You get a free week trial, also.  There's a variety of different people who visit this gym and the staff is very friendly.
4	I've been going to Tangible Fitness for about 3 months now-and 28 lbs/$75/countless minutes on the elliptical later- I'm definitely a fan!There's no contract, and it's month to month for only $25/month- or for early birds only $18 if you go before noon. The space is always very clean and the machines are nicely spaced so you don't feel crowded or like you can smell the sweat off the person next to you. Also, everyone who works out here seems to be very considerate, cleaning up after themselves and not too many machine hogs. The staff (minus the weekend crew) is very friendly  and make an effort to remember your name which is such a lovely benefit of going somewhere small and local.  The drawback, however, is that the hours are limited. They close at 11pm on weekdays and 7pm on weekends, which just seems too early to me. One of my only gripes!I haven't taken any of their classes yet, but with a new Zumba one starting, I hope to soon!
4	UPDATE! Apparently are now staying open! Yay! Looking for a new gym was depressing me!---------------------------I just got word that Tangible Tanning & Fitness is closing down the fitness center at the end of February... (Tanning salon remain open) So depressed. Finding a comparable gym will not be easy or fun!Sad to see you go!
5	I love this place because it is truly just a great place to go get a good work-out. Not crowded, nobody bothers you, clean, great machines and friendly people. Folks just go there to work out, not to socialize or cruise and that's what I like. Unfortunately they are closing and I'm very sad about that, but have just been told that they are actually moving to 7th St and Missouri, which is even closer to my house. I hope that is true, and not just a rumor. I will definitely follow.
5	I really like this gym. Just began going. I'm working with a personal trainer - Lorel Stevens. Saw someone else mentioned her as well. She is fantastic! I moved gyms with her when the other place she worked closed. This gym is very clean and modern. The equipment looks new and is well maintained. Typically in the mornings it isn't too crowded. The owners are very nice. While the place is small and doesn't offer classes like the large chains, it has a nice set up and is easy to work with machines or free weights. Lots of cardio options. A workout area in the back where you can do some stretching, sit ups, etc. I think I'm really going to like this place!
4	This gym has everything you need and you don't have to sign your life away!!Month 2 Month payment/ reasonable prices Free weights/ many machines for the full body workout/ Treadmills/ Bikes/ elliptical/ sauna
4	Really good place to get your workout!  It is small but spacious gym with a lot of equipment.  I love it because you can get in and out and not have to spend hours at the gym looking for space or a cardio machine.  And if you like tanning, you can go next door for a good tan session!
5	My husband and I were looking for a gym to join that was near downtown Phoenix. I used to go tanning here, and I remembered that they had (what I thought was) a little fitness center. We saw all the good Yelp reviews for their gym and called them yesterday and found out that it is only $20/month to join this gym and that they are open Mon-Fri from 5am-11pm, and weekends from 7am-7pm. We are definite night owls, and for only $20 a month, we were sold! So we went in last night and bought our memberships, and when we went into the gym we were really impressed! Their gym is actually pretty big and they have lots of modern, clean weight machines and cardio machines. They also have an area for free weights, and an area for stretching and doing sit-ups, etc. The whole gym is very very clean, and when we went on a Friday night, there were hardly any people using the facilities. I was glad that we didn't have to stand around and wait for a treadmill/weight machine to open up. The girl that worked there also told us that as gym members, we get half off of their tanning prices if we wanted to tan as well. I am so happy that we decided to purchase gym memberships again, and I can't wait to go work out again!
5	My wife found this place a few months back... she was just looking for a decent tanning salon close to our house in downtown phoenix... She mentioned to me that it had a small gym connected, and that I should look into a membership there since I was between gyms. Finally, months later we decided to check it out together.... what she originally thought was a "small" gym, turned out to be a rather large gym, equipped with updated weight machines, benches, free weights, treadmills, etc! And the price CANNOT BE BEAT!! It's a no brainer! Plus we get 50% off tanning as gym members! Which comes in handy for evening out that nasty tan line....
5	Rejoined  after a year + hiatus.Clean,neat,.all machines work,towels and lockers provided.Kind of a noob at the free weight thing and am real self conscious still at working out around all the guys who know what they're doing.I feel like an awkward fish out of water.I'll just have to get over myself on that one.
5	Thank you Chris and Eddy.It's great to see a small business that still cares about it's members. I love the gym and have enjoyed watching it grow over last few years but still keep that people first attitude and now I see it's your dedication to what you do that makes it that way. keep up the great work!
5	Super clean! Friendly staff who are always working not just sitting behind a counter.  Owner is a great guy and the membership price cant be beat.  i switched to here from another downtown gym and couldnt be happier.
5	Everything you need to meet your fitness goals- Weight, Supplements, Educated trainers.Small, but doesn't get busy-especially now with the open area.Inexpensive-  No contract, sign-up, or cancellation fee'sAmenities-  Complimentary lockers and towelsNot the stuffiness of an"LA Fitness- style" gym
5	This gym has everything I need...if only I could step it up so that I actually see results! Great price, no contracts. Love the new open area. The Jacob's Ladder and the Stair Stepper tried to kill me -- but it's all good. Both are perfect for my marathon training. Love that I can run a few miles along the canal nearby before I do core. There is a Tanning section as well...I've spotted a few 'Magda' looking creatures from 'Something About Mary'...not a pretty sight. Thank God I naturally have a beautiful year 'round tan. Amen! Cheers***
5	Polite friendly staff. Great, always clean place.  The gym is great and never too crowded.
5	I am in love!  After a year of insane dissapointed at LA Fitness I finally found a gym that was perfect for my needs.  Top reasons in no order why i LOVE Tangible Fitness!1. Want to workout at 5:30 on a weekday?  NO PROBLEM, plenty of room! (open 24 hours Monday - Friday)2. Don't want to spend a fortune?  $20/month NO CONTRACT!3. Want cool machinery?  Try the Jacobs Ladder or the medicine ball thingy4. Want a tan (spray tan for me)?  Attached full service tanning salon at affordable prices!5. Personal Training?  No problem, plenty of personal trainers at affordable prices.6.  Wonderful Employees7. Very nice customers who are super helpful!8. TV's on the treadmills and all cardio equipment, now I can run for days!9. FREE Towels 10. Free Lockers W/LOCKS!11.  This place rocks!
2	ORANGE! That is the best word I have to describe my custom airbrush tan experience. This is the first one I've been to where the girl didn't even ask how dark i wanted to go. She brought out the spray which she apologized was still cold because nobody told her about my appointment that I had booked weeks prior. TIP: Look at the person airbrushing you, if they're orange you probably will be too. Never again and two days before my best friends wedding!
5	Love, love.....LOVE this place, super cool people work out there, you walk in and spend a few minutes waving and acknowledging people. The equipment is great, it is never so packed you stand around wondering what machine you can get in on. The trainers there are great....so worthwhile to invest in a little kick start. It is not oriented just towards "muscle"....it seems the trainers incorporate fitness, cardio, core in their programs and you can see all kinds of ages and diversities there.Did I mention that I love it??? They have now opened up for 24hrs during the week and the monthly fees are mindblowingly reasonable!! I must say it is super close to my house, but if I didn't love it sooooo much I still wouldn't go.Staff are uber friendly too.
5	As far as gyms go, this place is not only a steal of a deal at $20/mo., but the atmosphere isn't that typical gym grunt-house. I hate to even review this place because I feel like it's my little secret. On that note (little secret), though the gym and staff is really great, it *is* somewhat small.That's the only conceivable beef one could have with this place, the size. It's actually fine in the work-out areas and there are plenty of machines and all that, but the locker rooms are devastatingly small and only have one shower. Still, they provide you with lockers with keys (maybe I'm a bumpkin being from NC, but I think it's highly cool) and unlimited towels for use in the gym and shower.I don't have a personal trainer from this place, but the ones I see walking around with their clients are all very cool and on occasion offer suggestions on how I can improve form, et cetera, and they don't seem to have that "lunk gym people" attitude, despite being mostly RIPPED BRAH.The regular staff is also cool and helpful, and the fact the place is open 24 hours helps my weird-work-hour self out  Again, I'd recommend them but I don't want everybody gettin' in on MY goods, so stay away!
2	What happened here????I go away for a bit and come back and the place turns to Clownville?Tangible,I've got to say I'm disappointed.The prices have gone up and the customer service has gone to shit.It's gotten overrun with gymbunnies/rats who meander near the equipment doing not much more than staring at themselves flex.Then there's the proliferation of independant personal trainers.There's no one on staff that can tell you how to use the machines if you're new,and if you can't afford or want to use an independant trainer,you're left to flounder and feel foolish.To the faux Jillian trainer,could you stop yelling at your clients from across the damn gym?This is not your reality show,you sound like an ass.I don't go to the gym to be subjected to your showboating and frankly,you're obnoxious.Unfortunatley,this is the only game in town for me at the moment.I only hope as the holidays near,the place will empty out somewhat.I used to love this gym,now I simply tolerate it.
5	Upon first moving here 2 years ago, I had the worse experience attempting to get an airbrush spray tan at this salon. They had only 2 people at specific times that could spray you custom. No problem showed up and the tech could not figure out how to use the gun. So awkward enough him being a male and standing there naked, I oopted to get my money back after waiting 20 min. Well a couple months back they ran a deal for Versa, Which is a booth spray tan. I love this booth..it is like airbrushing but private, and this spray tan absolutely does not smell or stain your sheets! I found this upon leaving Denver, CO. and just fogot until I saw it online oneday on living deals for Amazon.:) one down two to go..all for $29 :) love! As far as the gym goes, never used it!
5	Favorite gym and tanning salon!! Close to my house, great staff personalities and very clean! My husband and I love it here!
5	Want a gym without the loud grunts, over achievers and guys that never saw a mirror they didn't like, then this place is for you!I can actually get a workout without some nut job trying to talk to me. Clean, friendly and exactly the necessities you need for a great workout!
5	I've been to plenty of gyms. Here in Phoenix, and in the east coast. This, has been, by far the best gym I've been to. It's not huge. It's a local central Phoenix gem. However, all the equipment is in stellar condition. It's always clean. The staff is incredible. The patrons are always friendly. And, the fact that I can knock out my training and taning all under one roof is awesome. The environment lens itself to training as well. It's really pushed me to actually start getting some results. Lastly, although I have not utilized any of the trainers, they all seem to be quite knowledgeable. Unlike some of the other gyms I've been to before. You can't go wrong here. Great place. Great value.
5	Well? How deep is the well? Not shure but I'll be happy to share another update about this gym. I've mentioned that I'm very happy with my boot camp style gym but now that I'm training for my first full marathon, it's way too hot for me to complete long runs. If I don't manage to get out and start at a certain time in the mornings, it won't happen.So today, I went in to Tangible to start up again. Zumba classes are now offered at no cost to members -- I'll be willing to shake my g'donk g'donk and give it a try. For $25 a month and no contracts, this little gym is perfectly located not far from where I live and I could get back into upper chest work in the weight room. I love that the Owner, Chris, doesn't run this place like a typical big name gym. Overall, I'm happy to be back. Cheers***  PS...If only there was an easier way to maintain my Size 4 figure...
5	Half off tanning on the weekends!? Yes please and thank you. The guy who helped us was so friendly and took his time to explain all the beds and his experiences with them. I appreciated it very much. Nice clean tanning salon.
5	One happy Elite Yelper here. I am a newer member to this facility. My trainer introduced me to Tangibles July of this year. I am quite impressed with the quality of making you feel at home service.I have always been a member of larger gym facilities which did not offer that personal touch. A Tangible's every customer is immediately  greeted by first name with a smile no matter what time of day it is. The location is "VERY" clean with fresh towel service for members. It is a smaller gym with plenty of the latest machines. No waiting to use your favorite fitness workout machine. Plenty of room with a variety of machine options.  The gym offers a variety of services from classes, trainers, tanning, salon services and much more. Be sure to review the website for daily specials.Highlights:Tangibles is services and memberships are affordable. Clean restroom facilities. Staff very welcomingEarly and later hours 7  days a week.Top certified trainersSalon services to include cellulite reduction, massages, and much much more.
5	So I've been here for tanning, but I just recently joined the gym and I LOVE it. They have such a wide variety of equipment. I really appreciate that because I was incredibly bored at my last gym (Youfit). I'm really liking this place and its got me very motivated.
5	I have been going here for about a year now, and hate to say I avoided it because of the name and went to the awful L.A Fitness nearby. Since I've learned the errors of my ways I have been selfish and haven't written a review on this gym because I want to keep it for myself! It's $25/month no contract (I think the first month is $45). It is always clean, never smells bad, equipment is always being kept on. Recently they took over another part of the building they're in and added a work out room. They have free Yoga (excellent) Zumba and Pilates classes for members. My dude loves to lift and this gym has a great setup for it, plus it doesn't seem to be filled with meatheads that hog weights and machines for their routines. Overall, a really nice gym!
5	This is a very good "local" business. Reasonable monthly fees and "No Silly Contracts" like LA Fitness, You Fit and other large gyms with contracts and hidden fees.
5	Great location, new equipment, every type of tanning you can imagine, great hours, and the have a sauna pod! All this for cheap! Best place ever in my opinion
4	I run alot and Tangible Tanning & Fitness provides a nice cardio room with individual monitors. On a hot summer day its alot better then running in the park.
5	Stopped in here because my usual tanning salon closes early on the weekends and I needed a last minute punch of color. Tangible tanning is a small and unassuming building but the inside is pristine, well lit, supplied with protein bars and tanning lotion. The service was straight forward and friendly (and what girl doesn't like looking at hot, fit guys?). The guy working asked what I was looking for and I was able to use a bed, get a spray tan and be out in less than 30 minutes and for $20. Awesome, affordable and worth driving out of my way just to go again.
5	i LOVE this place!!! The staff is always extra friendly and helpful and the place is always clean.The prices and hours are good as well!I definitely recommend this place!!!
