1	We have frequented this store a few times, none of which was a good experience.  We received flyers in the mail about a sale for shoes near school time.  We went, we looked, we walked away!!!  Quality is so, so, service is less so, and if you were to purchase something the line is WAY too long.  Two registers, one cashier, (not quite as bad as the post office, (10-windows, 2-workers at Christmas time). With a tween we had shopped for bb guns, but found that even Bass Pro has better pricing and fantastic service.  (Walmart was $7.00 less on the same item)Price is one thing, but quality and the hassle of a return would be something else.
4	The main things that get me in the door at Big 5 is shoes and Spenco shoe inserts. Big 5 runs some great deals on shoes from time to time, and while I'm in there I'll pick up a few odds and ends. On some of their camping stuff they have a pretty hefty markup so knowing your prices and comparison shopping can keep you from overspending. But all in all they do carry some things REI doesn't, and they've made my supply list for sporting goods and Burning Man needs.
1	Worst service! I have given this store numerous chances, kid managers who don't care trying to get shoes is a joke! Can't believe it's still open! I lived here my whole life and been going to big 5 forever! This one is bad, go to south eastern if u want customer service.
2	Staff really don't know about any thing in the store.  21% of American have a size 13 foot or larger and they don't carry large size shoes.......  Wake Up Big Five!
4	I came here just for hiking boots.  As the weather warms up, it's time to get outside and see if the hills really are alive with music.  My Yelp hiking guru, Norm K., said he shops Big 5 for his stuff and that's good enough for me.  They have quite a selection of hiking shoes and boots at all price points.  Norm says he doesn't like to spend too much, which is good, because neither do I, especially since I'm no hiking expert.  I came here on my work lunch break, so I was the only customer, which meant I had lots of attention from the young employees.  The guys were friendly and didn't mind going back to the stockroom three different times as I tried on boots.  I settled on a waterproof pair that were on sale for $24.99 and also scored some hiking pants (SPF 30!) that were also on sale.   I walked out of there having spent less than $56 in total; I'm ready for them there hills now.  Let's go, Norm!
