3	Wide selection of pizza for about $2-$3 per slice.  Crust was nice and crunchy, but the cheese/pepperoni/sauce lacked flavor.  It was 2am and I still noticed this, fyi.
1	The delivery line is really unhelpful for any request that can't be put into a computer and that can easily be ordered at the counter.  Avoid delivery unless you are drunk/hungry/inhuman enough to not care what arrives.
3	In reality, there are actually two reviews to be had here: the two star review where I question the quality of the slices and paint it as a lunch-time emergency line, and the four star review where I gush over the cheap large pizzas. So put those eyes to good use and skip ahead as needed! ;)Slices are about what you can expect from a big chain. They have the best selection bar-none for the area if not Montreal, sure. Want hawaiian? Chicken-hawaiian? They've got that and then some. Heck, slices are cheap and big. But because they sit, they get dry, and that means some of them - particularly the meatier ones - transform from pizza to dry crust 3/4ths of the way in. Eat one in you need a quick fix, but try to plan elsewhere if you want that experience to come back to time-and-time again.The real target, as I said, is to order a full pizza. Frequently you can get large pizzas in pepperoni or 3-ingredient denominations for $10-$3 dollars.There are of course the usual dime-a-dozen deals if you want multiple pizzas or other items, but even just a single pizza comes out very nice if you order for pickup. It was frankly a little surprising how much different it tastes compared to the by-the-slice!In the grand scheme of things, I might look for better options if I need a pizza either way; Ste Catherine has its share of by-the-slice and by-the-pie restaurants out there - but when I need something cheap and reliable, Double Pizza is common option. It's not an elite New York Pizza joint, but if it comes to a choice between this and, say, Dominos, I'll take Double Pizza every time.
4	Great bargains on decent sized pizzas and no crazy up charges for extra toppings. Delivery was fast and friendly. We got the 2 for one special. Husband ordered a pepperoni, beef and onion & is very happy. I ordered a chicken & beef and can't get enough. I love dominos but this pizza tastes better.
1	This place has pizza that makes me sick and feel barfy. Really Greasy pizza and the crust tastes like cardboard.
1	horrible
