1	Run don't walk AWAY from these apartments. The dog and pony show they put on to get your business is indeed impressive. Hummer golf carts, staff all dressed up in shirt and tie or skirts, maintenance folks all clean and in polo shirts. Big screen TVs everywhere, by the pool, in sitting area's, work out room....everywhere. Staff is nice and friendly blah blah blah. I was sold on this place before I even looked at an apartment. Lets back up a bit. I do NOT live here, this is a review of the my experience including the run around from the property management company. Besides losing my application and not telling me about it until the next week when I went in to get a bigger apartment than I had already looked at. Countless promises of returned calls, messages left without a return phone call. Basically I felt that once they felt that they had me locked in that they didn't have to provide any service any more. I have had a similar experience with the management company that has promised me a refund for the last month with out delivering on their promise. Also left message that I was told were never received. I know from experience when someone makes it hard to get a hold of them there is going to be problems. There are no contact information for the management company's corporate offices, and the local "west coast headquarters" office lists numbers only, no emails or other ways to contact. You can call and get an admin person who will send you to voice mail, but will never directly talk to the person you are trying to reach. I only got a response when I threatened to send letters to the home office to the 5 corporate offices listed on the website. So here we sit business day 9 since the promise of "we are processing it today" and no refund. On a weird note, I had a customer in my store who just rented from them and had much of the same experiences I did, but she needed a 4 BR place and felt like this was her only option. She too worked with Mary, who lost her paperwork too....what the hell is going on here???
1	I have lived here for 12 months.  The office has lost our rent checks on many occasions.  Our rent has never been what we signed for.  They have this crappy online pay site that doesn't reflect what you truly owe. So when you are late, they will charge you the late fees. I paid the pet deposit too and they magically lost that too.I went out of town for a week, and came back and my garage was emptied. Contacted the front office and they said they put a 48 hour notice to remove things from the garage. I lost $1200 bucks worth of stuff in my garage and they say, well we put a 2 day notice on your garage.  I would never recommend this apartment complex. Stay away from this complex!
1	As everyone below said...DO NOT RENT HERE!!!! This past year has been terrible and turning in our notice is going to be the best thing. To go into detail. The property looks nice and they pull their little act to get you in (Luxury Golf Carts, Dressed up employees, and a nice leasing office with TV's and everything else) While living here, let's start at the beginning, Put in a maintenance request LAST APRIL, still waiting for it to be completed along with many other requests we have submitted. The gates have worked 2 weeks out of the past year, and the security cameras went out a while ago with no notification. With being directly off the freeway and an entrance that comes into the complex off the freeway, it's not safe at all. After having my car vandalized, I found out that that 24 hour surveillance went out 4 months ago. No notification, like I said. However they have no issue notifying you when 1/4 pools are under construction. The facility itself has not been gated at all, but they make sure those pools get locks put on at 10pm sharp, even if your still in there...we've been locked in the pool area. The parking lot has small stalls and if you have more than 1 car, good luck on finding a spot. At nights car alarms are constantly going off and you have the MMI students revving their bikes at all hours of the night. Every time we go to the leasing office we get a different story and no confirmation, personally a bunch of airheaded blondes working the office, where it takes generally 20 mintes to find a package. We've had issues with our apartment with the door getting jammed and stuck, and the carpets are extremely cheap quality. The AC vent fell randomly one night and put a gash in the wall. For the price we're paying it's not worth it at all. Take this as a warning and look elsewhere. Also not to mention this is now the 3rd time they have changed management in the past 3 years.
1	I hardly ever post a review on any company not unless their customer service is extremely horrible or there has been a chain of events that I was unhappy with. In this case it is both for the Canyon Apartments so I thought it would be best to warn as many people as possible to not rent here. They have taken over new ownership as of January 2013 and nothing has changed for the better here including the rude, stuck up customer service you receive from the leasing agents and manager. They advertise this property as a gated community but as of 3/21/13 the gates still don't work and haven't for about a year. There is very limited parking if you have more than one vehicle expect a lot of headaches finding a spot that is not covered. Since the gates don't work you can expect people that don't even live here to be cutting through the complex at all hours of the day, night and early morning. Some people drive very fast up and down the parking lanes. They are now leaving the gates surrounding the main pool completely unlocked during business hours which I'm sure is a city code violation. I thought renting an apartment on the Canyon side with all of upgrades would possibly mean that there would be middle class families living in nearby apartments but it has been the complete opposite with punk kids sitting on the stairs late at night being loud. It doesn't surprise me anymore to be walking through the complex and smelling strong odor of weed. All of the reviews below this one are very true and accurate. I laugh they show people apartments while taking them for rides on the Hummer golf carts and they think that is suppose to sale the property to people. I have tried to think of one nice thing to say about this property but I honestly can't think of one thing. There new policy to pay your rent is either a cashiers check which costs $5.00 from most banks or you can go to their website and put all of your banking information into and it costs $2.00 and they no longer accept money orders since they said they were receiving falsified money orders. Now I'm not the brightest person in the world but I have asked my bank and other people that work in the banking industry and they have never heard of anyone falsifying a money order. They just decided to do this because they figure people will want to save a few bucks d just pay their rent on their website and they will make a couple bucks per resident that does so. In the past week a couple vehicles have been vandalized with one having eggs thrown on it and the other having spray paint on the passenger door on a newer vehicle. Also there is only a couple handicap  parking spots here on the canyon side and they are constantly used by people that think they can park anywhere they want. Now that it is warming up people are starting to use the main pool and I walked through the gated area that was completely unlocked and saw the usual large groups of families using the pool which looked like they were using it as more of a bath tub than a swimming pool. I'm not racist by any means but this place is ghetto at night and the quality of people that are moving in here are reason enough to break a lease and pay the penalties.
1	You can be expect to be woke up all hours of the day, night and at 3am when people start coming home from the bar by their very loud bass stereo's and hear screaming and yelling and loud singing as they drive into the property drunk off their asses! Also all of the motorcycle riders on the Canyon side are a bunch of assholes and will tail gate you as your trying to drive safely in the parking lanes. They think they own this place with their loud and annoying bikes and make as much noise as possible! Let the roach problem begin for the second summer in a row! I keep my apartment very clean and as I'm trying to enjoy a relaxing night on my balcony and reading about the current Boston events TWO VERY LARGE SEWER ROACHES START CRAWLING VERY FAST TOWARDS MY FEET! I literally HATE roaches and that is another reason why I'm a very clean person! I have discovered that there is only one good leasing agent in the office and when going to the office and asking for a manager it is like your asking for a meeting with the President of the United States! I have yet talked to the manager even though I have asked on several occasions.  So to make a long story short this complex is a pain to live in. Also the pool gates are still unlocked during business hours and one gate by the set of mailboxes doesn't even have a latch because it broke off. This past Wednesday I walked out of my apartment to go get the mail and to be followed by security. As I walked through the gate (I mean the gates that haven't worked in a year and that are open 24/7 so anyone can drive onto the property at any hour day or night) I got my mail and walked through the open gate and was stopped by two security officers asking for my red tag to identify that I'm a resident so as I'm showing the officers my red tag which is attached to my apartment and mailbox key two guys that were not white walked right next to me bouncing a basketball and security didn't say one word to them. So they stopped the heavily tattooed white guy but not the other two guys bouncing a basketball ( there are no basketball courts here on the property)
1	By far the worst apartment complex in Phoenix. If you are looking to rent here DON'T. The gates haven't worked since June  of 2012. I received a letter on my door saying that the gates will be fixed by may 7th 2013. It is currently June 16th and the gates are still not fixed. They advertise pool side televisions but when you go to use them they are all disconnected and not working. I have been calling maintenance at lease every week on my dishwasher because it doesn't clean the dishes at all it actually makes them dirtier. They have came out literally 5 times and said everything was fine. I was so pissed I ran the dishwasher again and actually took pictures of my dishes after the cycle and brought it down to management. They told me they will have maintenance look into that and replace my dishwasher. I then get another notice 2 days later saying that my dishwasher was working fine and was no need to replace it. I was so furious I felt like talking to management was like talking to a brick wall. There is dog shit everywhere and trash is always over flowing. They say they have spas in all their pool locations. But there is only 1 of those spas that actually has spa water in it. The rest of the spas are pool temperatures which is pretty damn cold in the winter. All in all don't rent here. But if these post didn't scare u away. Please take my lease over I won't even charge you a security deposit.
