5	Great little local hair place.  I got in and out in 30 minutes, which is important to a guy like me who is always in a rush.  The place is very friendly and relaxed.  Everyone there seemed happy.  This would be a great alternative for those folks who stay at the nearby time shares when they come to town.  The haircuts cost way less than $100 a pop, which seems the going price on the strip these days.  I will definitely be back next month.
5	In the interest of full disclosure, I do not cut my hair here, but my brother does and I go with him. He's come here twice already, and both times he leaves with a tight cut and a new zest for life. I leave with my hair looking the same, but thoroughly entertained. I'm also not mad that the haircut takes less than half an hour.This review is for Stacy. She's hilarious and good at what she does.  If you are male in need of a line-up, trim, or just want to look fresh, she knows whats good. She also knows her basketball, so come prepared.
5	The owner, Jessica, gave me one of the best haircuts I've ever received. She actually recommended a different haircut than I was used to, to complement the shape of my face. She told me she worked at a very upscale hair salon before opening this one, which is no surprise considering the great haircut I received.
5	The place is clean and organized. Jessica took her time cutting my hair and did an outstanding job.
5	I was SO impressed with this place. Jessica (the manager and a stylist) was SO great. She took the time and was a perfectionist about my hair. She was friendly but also direct and genuine and gave me good tips on how to care for and style my hair. The prices are beyond reasonable compared to the strip, and the service is so much better. They take care of you and every detail. I wish I found this place in my home in Seattle, not Vegas!! Highly recommended!!
5	Did an internet search for a salon in Vegas with good reviews and this is where we ended up.  My husband needed a haircut and was fortunate Jessica was available and we didn't have an appointment.  She not only asked what he wanted but also offered suggestions.  She took her time and did a fantastic job.  She even had time to give me a trim and also did a great job.  We highly recommend Jessica and her shop to anyone in the area.  Prices are very reasonable.  When we're back in Vegas our first stop will be  Hair 4 U (then the blackjack tables)!
5	Hair 4 U is the only place I will go now!  Jessica Li is my stylist and she does an amazing job. Its no "great clips" haircut. I didnt even have to explain to her how to cut my hair.  I just let her do what she wanted and she did it to perfection, and has everytime since! She's a true stylist and I definitely recommend her!
5	I was here on business for 2 weeks, so my hair was getting a bit out of control. I checked on Yelp for nearby hair stylists, and Hair 4 U got great reviews. I called ahead for an appointment and got in straight away.Jessica said hi with a smile as soon as I walked in, she consulted me on my hair, and got cutting. I was impressed with the care that she gave my hair, checking in with me along the way. Jessica did a great job for a great price.The salon is bright, with green plants, and professionally furnished. I noticed that Jessica has a lot of certificates - she's a Vidal Sassoon Certified Stylist, and it shows in her haircuts. I looked across at a woman getting a haircut, and the other stylist did a great job of her bouffant.I wish Jessica was in San Francisco. Vegas, you're lucky to have her!
5	I visited this salon after her raving yelp reviews. She gave me 5 star haircut at very affordable price. Ask for jessica and you will not be disappointed. She has a lot of experience and it shows in her haircuts.
1	This was BY FAR my worst hair salon experience.  The only reason I came here was because the Daily Deal special they had going on, but I certainly won't ever come back.I have super short hair - think Bieber hair.  Blonde on top and dark brown underneath.  Yet I was at the salon from 2:45-6:00pm.  I have NEVER spent this much time with someone working on my hair, even when I had super long hair down half my back. My experience started off with Jessica arguing with me over whether I normally have my hair bleached - I don't. I have natural blonde hair so EVERYONE says I dont need my hair bleached. But she insisted and told me it would be my fault if she didn't bleach my hair and it came out uneven. I gave in.  My hair is now bright yellow. I tell her I want it short, but she never asks how short and just starts chopping away. I finally had to tell her to stop cutting because I look like a boy.   Next, she tells me to wait so she can go work on another client.  I wait for 10-15 minutes and while I"m waiting, I realize she has dyed over the dark brown hair at the corner of my forehead so I look stupid.  She argues with me again, saying she "followed the hair line" that i had coming in. NO WAY.  First, I did not have this hole in my hair, and second, I actually had more brown hair underneath to begin with that she bleached over. Finally, she says even though it's not her fault, she'll dye it brown again.  So I have to wait another 45 minutes for her to fix my hair.  She did a decent job, but you can certainly see the difference in color from the rest of the brown in my hair.Before coming here, I got tons of compliments on my hair. Now, my friends and family laugh.Seriously - don't waste your time or money coming here!
4	Jessica did my hair. It was pretty good. Her daughter kept trying talking to me while I was getting a haircut. She asked the funniest questions. Jessica was also very enthusiastic the whole time.Yes, I would go here if I'm in Vegas and I need a haircut. But I don't think that happens very often.
5	After losing my hair stylist nearly a year ago, I searched yelp for a stylist that would be able to cut my hair the way I like (more edgy), and that won't be discouraged by my pickiness. I am so happy that I found an awesome stylist with a credible reputation and schooling! She is certified by Vidal Sasoon! She does extensions, feathers, color, and takes her time to get it perfect. Call and make an appointment with Jessica Li. You can't go wrong! Pix of my hair coming soon!
5	I'm so happy I found this place! I first heard about it from the Groupon Now deal so I decided to try it. I am usually really weird about trying new salons because I've had many bad experiences. I called around 4:45 because I decided to be spontaneous and get my hair colored and dyed and I was able to get in at 5. Not only were they accommodating, but Jessica and Gary were very nice and welcoming when I got there! I got to learn a lot about them. Gary was my stylist and I felt a sense of relief when he told me that he is from New York and worked there as a stylist for years in Manhattan. He just recently moved here and he was great at picking the perfect color and cutting my hair. His style of cutting was very unique, unlike what I have seen before. He was very skilled and seemed to pay attention to every detail while cutting my hair. The color also turned out exactly what I wanted. Before, my hair looked very dead, with many split ends and now it looks a lot more healthy with my new color and cut. I rate this place five stars for my haircut, color, their customer service, and friendliness and I definitely recommend it. Definitely try it! They are very friendly people and prices are reasonable too!
5	I moved to Las Vegas a few months ago and have received two haircuts that I was less than pleased with, and for me nothing ruins my day like a bad hair cut. I do not consider myself difficult, but require a stylist who looks at the shape of my head, the texture of my hair, and actually listens to what I want. I am happy to say that I can stop looking now, Hair 4 U is the place for me. Jessica took her time and gave me exactly what I was looking for. The way she uses her scissors would make Edward Scissorhands jealous.
1	Save yourself the ANGER and DISAPPOINTMENT and DO NOT GO HERE!!! This place actually gets ZERO stars! I decided to try this place out based on the reviews on here. I just got my hair done here by Ashley. This place is equivalent to a Super Cuts, from the look of the salon to the service to the knowledge of the stylist. I refuse to call my girl a stylist because she was far from that! I was 5 minutes early to my appointment and she took a walk-in before I got there who wanted her grey hair colored and her black hair bleached to color it purple. Ashley clearly is NOT a multitasker. She was not able to give either one of us the attention we deserved as paying customers. Ashley left the bleach on too long and patches of the other ladies grey hair uncolored. The lady ended up coloring her own hair. To make the situation worse, as Ashley was cutting my hair she got a phone call from her family member and they began to argue as she continued to cut my hair. As for my hair, my layers, lift and volume are not what I wanted. I even showed Ashley a pictured and described exactly what I wanted. Ashley wasn't even capable of washing my hair. When I got home I noticed that I still had hair product left over from yesterday and had to re-wash it. EXTREMELY ANGRY AND DISAPPOINTED!
5	Like others, I found Jessica and Hair 4 U when I used Groupon Now to find a salon for a less-expensive haircut and dye option.  I called and was scheduled in within an hour.  When I got there, Jessica was finishing up with another client, which was not a big issue.  Salons run like that.  But as soon as it was my turn, she was all over it!  We talked for a few minutes about my color and cut and then she was down to business.Jessica did a great job on my hair.  Often I have problems with color fading too quickly or not being even as my hair is naturally very light.  It's been nearly a month and while the color has faded a bit (I chose a reddish  hue), it's still even and lovely.  The cut was exactly what I wanted.On my way out the door, Jessica gave me  her card and offered me a discount if I returned for my root touch-ups.  As she did such a good job, I will surely do just that.
5	Thank you Jessica for fixing my disaster of a haircut! It is clear that being a hair stylist is your passion. Thanks a bunch! BTW, my friend loved your work as well.
5	Awesome place to get your hair done try there voucher
5	This is my second experience here and I have to say I could not have been more satisfied with my new hair both times. I had Jessica as my stylist both times and she was wonderful with my hair. I came back again because she did such a nice job on my hair color and hair style the first time. Before she began on the color, she would make sure that I had enough time to pick out what I liked and gave me suggestions. And same thing before cutting my hair, she made sure that she understood what I was requesting for and made sure I would match the style. You could tell she really put in the time and effort to make a product that both the customer and the stylist herself would be truly satisfied with. And today, my experience did not disappoint me. I love the color and new style that Jessica suggested for me. I am able to keep my hair the same length but she created a style with both volumes and layers! Highly recommend this salon!
5	I LOVE JESSICA!  She made my hair look AMAZING for the Billboard Music Awards on May 20.   She was so awesome. I brought her a picture of what I wanted and she matched the half updo perfectly.  It was beautiful.  They even put me on TV cause my hair looked so great. I'll try to post a pic.  Thank you, SO much hair4u. I am so happy. See you next year for the Billboards 2013!
5	I have come to Jessica twice so far and I love her and her recommendations for my hair. She has good ideas and and amazing talent to get things done unlike other salons where I am there for hours! She is also affordable enough where I can come and get my hair done on a consistent basis. Her shop is by far a diamond in the rough and you can send the boyfriend/husband next door to Steiners during happy hour and everyone is happy!Come and see her and I'm sure you will not be disappointed!
5	Read the Yelp reviews and wanted to make an appointment  so I walked in last Thursday at 7:15 P.M. and Jessica saw me right away!  I got a haircut for like $25 and it was a wonderful cut.  Jessica has a fantastic "bedside manner" and I could tell by her actions that she has a passion for her career, which is a rare find these days.  The receptionist told me they are about to change their name to "Boulevard" or "Broadway"...I can't remember which.  He also said they are overwhelmed with requests for Jessica because of all these Yelp reviews....he told me there's an equally talented stylist there named Gary who hasn't been mentioned on Yelp but deserves credit so I thought I'd add that on here for good measure.
5	I got my hair extension , perm, color and hair cut I am definitely satisfied with my hair!!! I love it so much! The owner did the best job and other stylist all very professional also! I am highly recommend to everyone !! They really did everything so detail they won't let you leave unless your hair is perfect! And they use very nice product to less damage your hair from perm and color!
5	Just went to Hair 4 U today for the first time.  Hadn't had a haircut for a while, Jessica did a great job.  Looks great, very reasonable price.  I'm the kind of guy that wants my hair to look good and not be too much work, Jessica knew just what to do!
5	I walked in around 10am and they were empty so Jessica saw me right away. I was only there for a cut and I also needed a little bit advice, since I was trying to change my style. She was awesome! I got the best haircut I've gotten in a long time. Not only that, I got the best customer service as well.. Justin and Jessica were delightfully funny and nice. Thanks guys I will definitely be back in 3 months!
5	Jessica was fantastic!!! she really cares about her work and it shows. I am very picky about my hair and she blew me away. i will continue to go to her and I will send everyone I know to her. Amazing Amazing!!!
5	Looking for an good stylist for your hair. This is a the place. Gary is really good hair  stylist and very affordable. Their hot hair oil treatment is really good for the vegas heat. I would like visit atleast twice a month to get the treatment.  Thank you hair 4 u.- Hyma
5	I look fabulous!  =)I found this place by looking up yelp and then searching by highest ranked.  I called, asked some questions and booked my appointment with Chris.  I've been in Vegas awhile now and I haven't been able to find a hairdresser that I trust and that I like, until now!  I've had alot of hair issues this year and I was in desperate need of a good cut.  I picked out what I wanted (which is what I have asked for the last three times I've went to other places to get a cut) I brought a picture on my phone and explained what I wanted and how I've gotten the wrong thing in the past and why.  Immediately Chris was super excited about it and demonstrated that he understood what I wanted and even spoke to me about color.  I told him why I currently didn't have color on my hair and what my concerns were.  He took a look at my hair and really spoke to me about my options and how to fix the problems I currently have.  In the end I ended up with both a beautiful cut, which is exactly what I wanted and a beautiful color.  Not only did he give me what I wanted he made changes and suggestions based on what I said to make sure I got the RESULTS I wanted not just a cut and dry doing exactly what I said even if it wouldn't have looked good.Overall I'm super happy and I will be going back.  At this point I really feel like I've found a new hair dresser.  FINALLY!  =)
5	I found this place on yelp, saw the good reviews, and walked in.  The service was EXCEPTIONAL!  Chris, was super friendly, down to earth and professional.  I will be going here from now on.
5	After moving from OC last year, I REALLY wanted to find a local place instead of driving 4 hours to see my normal stylist. My hair was long, dyed by own hands and managed to not get all frazzled. After researching, contemplating, and just lagging on getting a hair cut I found Hair 4 U. Jessica, Gary and another lady who's name I didn't catch were all very nice and courteous when I made the appointment and came a few minutes early. Gary was my stylist and asked my preferences and what I had wanted to a T. Although I wanted just a trim, he suggested that I cut more since I had some damaged ends. At the end of it all, my hair turned out fantastic and I couldn't be anymore happy.
5	Jessica to the rescue!  I came here after another salon destroyed my hair.  It had been processed 2 times in one week, the 2nd time was an attempt to fix the 1st try, and it looked horrible!  I refused to go back to the other salon and searched for someone well reviewed with good knowledge about color.  I found Jessica and was not disappointed.  I showed her photos of what I wanted originally, told her at this point I just wanted to be comfortable walking out of the house.  Part of my hair was almost blonde, part was almost black, so to give me highlights and even color throughout was going to be hard.  I thought I would need blonde highlights throughout, but she said she could get it closer to the look in the photos.  We went over colors, she gave suggestions and input based on my skin tone. - From that moment on, I felt comfortable.  She was really taking her time. - Asking lots of questions, discussing what would look best and what would be less harsh on my hair.She foiled me up, gave me a conditioning treatment, added a little more color, then cut, dried and styled.  She was very friendly and attentive through the whole process.  I'm so happy, and VERY impressed.  I truly love the color and cut!!  Check out the photo I posted here to get a better idea of how hard of a job it was, and the incredible work she did.  Jessica has a lot of skill!  My hair is not only better than I expected, it is better than I though was possible!  I have finally found my hair stylist in Las Vegas!
5	What a great place! Chris trimmed my hair and gave me an awesome blow out.. Jennifer was great too, she really took her time and gave me great advice on my skin. I'm from out of town, but do travel to Vegas on occasion for work and I'll definately be stopping back by!
5	You know when you have a stylist that's a keeper when 1) you keep turning your head several angles because you're in awe your hair CAN look that great and 2) you get more than 2 genuine complements that consists of more than just "oh, you got a haircut"     I made an haircut appt with jessica this week. When I met her, I instantly liked her for her friendliness, openness and the options she gave me. She told me that when a client comes in, she looks at everything as a whole. Everything = face type, lifestyle, AND BODY TYPE. That was very refreshing to hear since usually hairstyles seem only concerned about face type. I'm stumpy (short and heavy set) so i never knew what hairstyle to go with (very long to narrow the face but it's heavy, or shorter to look more "bright and awake" but show my roundness. Jessica was able to find a happy medium where I look sassy without looking "round"..SHE"S AWESOME!!!PS. I had graduate portraits done that same day, even the Photographer said she really LOVED my hair. THAT"S HOW GOOD JESSICA IS!!!!!!
4	Had my hair done by Brittany yesterday... she did a fantastic job, i really LOVE my new look!  i will be going back!
5	Ask for Angela ... Great job with highlights and cut !
5	Jessica did a fantastic job. it is very seldom that someone would know what to do with my hair... miraculously she was able to save my hair. will go back again and will recommend her.
5	Jessica was awesome. I'll definitely come back here.
5	I've had trouble finding a hair salon in Vegas. I've tried a few different places, and thought I'd let yelp help me out on this one. So glad I did!!One thing I have trouble is finding a stylist I really get along with.  I don't want to go through polite drivel while my hair is being cut--my preference would be that the stylist actually had some similar interests to talk about, but if we don't, I'd rather just relax in silence. Anyway, my stylist actually was interesting and "real", and I enjoyed that.But the main thing was the actual hair cut. I had been growing my hair out for a while, not getting it cut, so it was a bit shapeless.  I kind of hate my hair when it's all one length--it feels and looks so drab. I told my stylist, and she gave me more beautiful light layers than I could have imagined. I wish I'd taken a before and after picture! It's like she worked a miracle.  I still have most of the length, but it looks terrific now--frames my face beautifully, and it feels so light and wonderful!She even took the time to talk to me about how I could style my hair to keep it less frizzy, without damaging it. The tips she gave me have been super helpful--in fact, i've been able to keep that fresh styled from the salon look since then! It's been amazing.Ask for Angela!
5	I've gotten my hair cut here several times and colored once. Jessica always takes care of me and makes my hair look even better than what I imagined coming in. I love having a salon that I can regularly come back to. Especially when Jessicas daughter keeps me company when I get my hair done ;)
5	After getting mediocre haircuts at places like Fantastic Sam's and Supercuts, I was in search of a professional salon. I found Boulevard Salon on Yelp! and decided to give it a try since it had so many great reviews. I made an appointment with Jessica and I was taken care of very well! She is a master at what she does and was able to finally cut my hair exactly the way I wanted!I highly recommend Boulevard Salon, especially Jessica. You definitely won't be disappointed!
5	Couldn't find anyone in the state to give me a good military cut. Finally found the girl from Texas who can give one (Kelly).  If your in the military make sure you stop by.
4	I've been going here to get my hair cut for about 9 months. Overall, I've had something like 2 fantastic hair cuts, 2 mediocre and 3 good ones. There seems to be a relatively high churn rate of employees--there are a core few who are always there, but always new faces coming and going. Not sure if this is normal, but everyone is very outgoing and nice. A basic men's haircut comes with hair wash and usually a quick head massage, so they've got that going for them.Most recently went and saw Kelly--she nailed it! My hair has a weird thing that it likes to grow straight out around the crown of my head, and lots of stylists seem to have trouble reigning it in the way I like. Kelly did an excellent job asking me about how I normally style my hair, what product do I use, etc. Hopefully she sticks around!
5	I am a Dallas girl who just moved to Vegas, and Dallas has some of the best stylists in the nation. Blonde is iconic there and I was really focused on finding the right person to do my hair. Look no further than Kelly Riggin. She is a master colorist and the real deal, peeps.  My blonde is even better than before - flawless. Kelly is also sweet, funny and easy to talk to. I am happy to say I've found my Vegas stylist. If you are serious about your hair- go see Kelly.
5	I went into the boulevard salon cause I read of the great reviews it received! I was booked with Jorge! He did an amazing job coloring and styling my hair!!! The staff was very warm and friendly!!! I highly recommend him to anyone who needs their hair done cause he did an amazing job with mine!
5	Excellent costumer service. Kelly Riggin is amazing. I have dark roots and dyed my hair blonde. It was hard for me to find someone that I trust to keep up with it. She's extremely sweet, listens and makes the best suggestions. She knows what she's doing and does it well.
1	I once had long strong healthy blond hair, I now have mushy stretchy blue highlights. George was his name. Stay away.
5	Wife and i were visiting LV and wanted to get a quick haircut. after reading yelp reviews we decided to book with jessica. I have a high forehead and my hair grows in weird directions. Let's just say it's very hard to cut. Jessica was able to quickly pinpoint ways to manage and style it. The result was  very satisfying. My wife said she wished jessica didn't do such a good job, because we will have to drive 4 hours for a haircut now. After my haircut, wifey decided to have her hair trimmed too. She was also very happy with her hair.Jessica was very passionate about hair. She really paid attention to details and taught us some tricks on styling. Very glad to have found an awesome hair stylist. Will def see her again next time we visit!
1	Oddest experience of my life..I just moved to Vegas so I was calling a few salons to find a colorist that specialized in red. When I called the salon I stated this to the male that answered the phone "This is Gary. How can I help you?" So 'Gary' said to come in around 2 and that he would have someone for me to meet with. When I arrived there was only one male in the salon so I introduced myself and said I was looking for 'Gary'. He looked at me very confused and said they didn't have a Gary there so I told him I had just called for a color consult to which he replied " oh ya, come sit over here!"..which I found quite odd considering he never said if he was Gary or not. the whole consult was awkward. The second i was seated I wanted jump back up. Instead of asking what I was looking to do with my color he decided to pick apart my current cut & color and even asked me about blonde when I called about RED. He then proceeded to tell me about how disconnected my cut was and how my colorists' job needed to corrected. which I can tell you for a fact no matter how over due my color is. it did not need a correction.Never once did he go over what we could do, never once showed me what products the salon uses, never once discussed which colorist would be best for my needs, never once made me feel comfortable, oh ya and never once gave me his name. not that I want it now. I would never spend money there. But thank you for helping me dodge that bullet!
5	I'm a review reader not writer.   I've never written reviews for any services.  I'm a picky consumer and expect the BEST.   However, after finding this place on Yelp,  I am a customer for life.  Jessica and her staffs are friendly and great at what they do.  My entire family goes there for hair services.  I drive from North (Aliante area) passing hundreds of salons for Jessica to do my hair.  With today's gas prices...it's still worth my drive!
5	I had Jessica for my color + highlights, Malia for my eyebrows. I explained to Jessica that I wanted highlights, but that they should look natural. She did an amazing job and I was super happy with the results. She also gave me a trim once the hair was blow-dried and, unlike many stylists, she did not cut 123i1923c inches without permission. Malia was able to give my eyebrows a little bit more arch, which is almost impossible given their shape. The salon is clean, modern, and has the most comfy washing chairs... which are "bedS" in reality. The price was also excellent, so I will definitely go back regularly. Thumbs up!
5	I got the groupon for cut and color. Kelly was my stylist, and she did an amazing job. I was nervous about going short, but I could not have asked for a better cut. I have fine hair, and she gave it so much volume and the color was amazing!! I am definitely coming back! Thank you Kelly!
5	I called and got an appointment the same day with Kelly. I am always afraid to get a new stylist but she made me feel so comfortable since the moment I arrived to the salon.First she washed my hair in a super comfy chair where I almost fall sleep.Then she proceeded to cut my hair and did it exactly like I asked her to do it. I don't have a dull haircut anymore thanks to her! I am supper happy and def coming back to her. She was super nice and attentive. Thank you so much Kelly!
5	Just called in for an appt, and it was great!  Early Sept.I am extremely particular regarding my hair, and had a surprising great experience.I had full highlights, cut, blow dry and a kshp coupon for a hot oil treatment, all far less than i pay in SF. I had Malia for my stylist, and although on the young side, had a very experienced way about her with me and my hair. She listened to what I wanted and came through with flying colors. I just scheduled my 2nd appt. with her when I am in LV next, as I live in SF.This is a great place, relaxed yet professional and I highly recommend the salon and Malia!!
4	I recently got my hair cut by Jessica and I must say I'm very happy with the outcome!! She really listens to what it is that the client is looking for and is very professional. I love that this salon is conveniently located  on Las Vegas Blvd, which is literally just a short drive away from home. I was able to make an appointment on a Sunday which is super amazing since many salons aren't even open for business on Sunday. Also, making the appointment was very easy and the girl that made the appointment for me was really friendly as well. The salon itself wasn't too spectacular in terms of design. Aside from that, I really love that they use the tangle teezer brush here because it's super gentle on hair. Overall, I am happy to say that I look forward to coming here for my future hair needs!!
4	If you are looking for a great place to have your Hair done , you have to come here. Kelly cut my Hair And did an awesome job!! I love my new haircut :)!!
5	Jessica is a great stylist!  I booked an appointment with her for my friend because of some previous reviews by men who said she did a great job with their hair, and she did a great job for my friend as well!  She asked good questions, listened to what he wanted, and the haircut was perfect.  So good that he went back again and got another perfect cut a month later.  His third visit is coming up and I have no doubt she'll do a great job for him once again.  After seeing hist first two cuts and getting to interact with Jessica while she was cutting his hair, I decided to have her cut mine as well.  There was no surprise - she did a great job on my long hair as well!  We both plan to continue seeing Jessica for great cuts at great prices!
5	This review is more for the stylist Vera Chamberlin then the salon, although the salon was a fine place, it was Vera that gave me the drop dead radest hairdo ever to grace my skull. First I should say, when I called to make the very last minute appt, one hour before I wanted it, they were totally accommodating. Arriving at the salon, it's off the strip in a plaza, the place is very casual and comfortable. Had a 6pm appt, only waited a few minutes, enough time to find a photo of what I wanted in their picture books of cuts. When Vera was ready for me, she took me back to wash my hair, but noticing it was clean opted to just rinse with conditioner instead. Before cutting anything she talked and looked at photos with me, to make sure she had a clear vision of what I wanted. She started in on the cut, very close attention was paid to detail, she took her time, not too long, but worked patiently and all I can say is WOW! Turns out she knows a thing or two about cutting hair. Honestly the best hair cut I have ever had!Aside from the amazingly awesome hair cut, she's super sweet, and a great convo, but not to much chatting, the whole experience with her set the stage for the greatest night out at The Beauty Bar on Freemont for the Meat Puppets show. She turned me into the diva I wanted to be to see my favorite band ever, thank u Vera! Hope you read this, lots of love for my amazing cut lady.
2	Loved this place until I went one time when busy.  Worst cut in a long time.  Hit and miss is putting it nicely.
5	Just moved to Vegas from Chicago so I lost my stylist :-/ so I gave Jessica a shot at my pretty particular haircut. She NAILED IT!!! Amazing job. I'm not going anywhere else. Highly recommend her.
5	Having recently moved to Vegas I was in need of a new stylist. As a cosmetologist myself, I have fairly high expectations. Choosing a salon/stylist from reviews can be a crap-shoot but my intuition paid off and I made an appointment with Jessica. Success. I was in the market for a highly stylized, technical cut and she nailed it. Her clipper skills are on point as is her cutting technique. I couldn't be happier with my cut. Also of note are the chairs at the wash bowl. Seriously innovative and amazingly comfortable. The fact that they use Redken is also a major bonus. I will definitely be back and highly recommend Jessica to others that are weary of trying new places out.
5	Like many others, I came here after the positive reviews on yelp and it's close to where I live. Jorge did a great job. I've received so many compliments. Thank you Jorge!
5	Best haircut I have gotten it a while. Kelly is awesome. Definitely going back. Too bad I am not from this town.
5	I have gone to Boulevard Salon twice now and both times I had Vera as my stylist. She is really nice and really makes sure that everything that you want done with your hair is what you envisioned and more. She worked with me to nail the perfect color combination for my hair. I look forward to my next hair appointment and I definitely would recommend Vera for anyone's hair beautifying needs.
5	Called up around noon and was able to get a 3 pm appointment. Arrived and was immediately taken to a chair. I showed the stylist a picture and she recreated my hair perfectly. I am still happy with it, three weeks later! I will be returning here for a trim... user-friendly location, super fair prices and excellent service all around.
5	I've been living in Las Vegas and went to about 4 hair salons trying to get blonde highlights in my hair and couldn't find someone to give me perfect highlights until I walked into Boulevard and got styled by Malia. I knew she would be amazing because she had amazing hair herself :) I've gone about 4 times to get highlights in my hair as well as a haircut (I usually fly back home to Miami to get a haircut) but now that I found Malia I don't trust anyone else with my hair! She's gives great consultations and has a great technique as to where I don't have any hair damage. She's a real asset to the business and the only reason I've gone back to this salon. She gives me great advice and delivers and exceeds her clients expectations, although she's young her passion and dedication to her profession shines through.
5	UPDATE! 4 stars to 5, Vera is the best. Just the best. She's done my hair 3 times now and it just keeps getting better.  She's very knowledgable, very honest, and just an all around great person.  I've also spun the bad lighting into a positive because it's a nice surprise when you get home haha... I also got a style once at the last minute and the woman that did it did a great job. So happy I found this place :)___Previous ReviewI just moved to Vegas and was obviously nervous about trying a new stylist, but I threw caution to the yelp and am so glad I did.I lucked out and got Vera who, in addition to being so sweet and laughing at my dumb jokes, immediately exhibited her expertise as an accomplished stylist.  I have very fine straight hair so a haircut can turn ugly with one snip and she gave me one of the best cuts I've ever had.The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because the salon itself could use a bit of a "snip" to freshen up.  I admittedly almost didn't go inside for my appt. because it looks pretty tacky, and additionally the lighting is TERRIBLE so, while your hair will look amazing, you will question whether or not you need a facelift for the entirety of your cut.
1	I didnt get to go into the salon. I called to make an appointment, and had one set! when i mentioned the groupon i purchased all of a sudden my appointment was canceled... im demanding a refund.
5	Vera is the greatest hair stylist! I have been getting my hair done by here for the last few years! From the east to the west coast she is def the best! I get a full color/highlights/and blowout everytime and she makes my brown hair look natural blonde everytime! Her cuts are amazing and always make me feel great! She is the best stylist I have ever had and will continue to get my hair done by her! I'm so happy she moved here to Vegas so I don't have to fly to dc every other month lol!
4	Made a last minute appointment with a brazilian stylist and we spent the time talking about Brazil (I lived there for 6 months).    It was awesome.   Cut was very reasonable and it'll see if the quality holds up in the next couple of days.    Out of towner looking for a good quality cut and knows how to cut asian guy hair... able to get an appointment same day.  Happy with the cut.
5	Vera was really great! I went in without a clue as to what I should do with my hair, and when she was done, I felt great. She took her time in cutting my hair (which I love! I hate when I go and get my hair cut and am done in ten minutes) and even curled it for me! She made sure I loved my hair, which is how it's supposed to be. Anyways, go! Make an appointment, and ask for Vera.I have lived here for almost 3 years now, and since then I have not been able to find someone who could cut my hair and make me feel amazing about the cut, but now I have a go to salon and hairdresser, woo!
1	Went to get a haircut because the place has such great reviews on yelp, BIG MISTAKE, customer service was great and I wish I could say the same thing about my haircut.  The lady tried to line me up and each side looks different, I don't know what shape she was aiming for but each side is totally different (picture added).  I don't think they know how to do a guy's haircut and it was $25.00 + tip for the worst haircut I've ever gotten in my life, I think super cuts would have done it better.   My friend went there and got the same lady and his haircut is pretty bad too.   You have great customer service and friendly employees but you should not cut men's hair.   Won't be recommending or returning to this establishment.  A very dissatisfied customer ..
4	I came into the Salon for the first time and was very frustrated with what a previous stylist had done. Jessica was very patient, working with me on the perfect color. She also spent time blending my previous bad hair cut. Great experience. Will definitely be back!
1	Hubby want to get a hair cut in the last mins so I looked up on yelp and found this place, very close to our house and had good reviews on yelp and we decided to give this place a try. It was the biggest mistake ever!!! Pictures below will explain why! The one star is for "Jessica" only!!! She's the owner of this hair salon but she had only one chair for her self and the rest of the chairs is rented out to other hair stylists maybe that will explain why ppl given good reviews as there is so many chair owner hair stylists in this place. let me explain how do I know!   I was sitting right behind her waiting for an hr... No music in the background all I hear is her voice! she's telling hubby about her entire life story, I saw her looking in the mirror talking to hubby while shaving his back hair and saw every mistake she makes as well, I feel so bad for hubby and I know he'll want to fix it if he see this, preferred not to spend extra money to go to different hair salon to fix her mistake as we have to pay $25+ tip for this hair cut so I ended up took few pics of his back showing him and Jessica,  right after that she gave me a bad attitude said : "how do you want me cut his hair since you are the one in charge in this relationship"? Wow... Really?! That is so rude!  My 2 years son was with us too and he's holding a cup with couple sip of water in there and standing behind watching daddy getting hair cut and Jessica turn around telling me "don't let him holding the cup, he'll will spill the water on the floor"! Really?! Dude concentrate on ur customers hair! No one care about ur life story and u don't have to worry about what my son is holding on his hand! If he spill I will wipe it!!!! When we left at the salon hubby's hair is literally half bald and said he was trying not to listen what she was saying the entire hr and he don't want to be rude to tell her to stop, all he care about his hair and he was worried about it he's hair cut since he already felt weird about the way how she use the hair clip. He said it was the worst hair cut he ever had!  Will be his first time and last time! Never come back to this place ever again because of JESSICA!!!
5	I move to Vegas 2 years ago from Los Angeles.  Every stylist I went to ruined my hair.  I was about to give up until I purchased a Groupon for the Boulevard Salon. I checked on yelp and saw the reviews for Jessica so I made my appt with her.  All I have to say is WOW!!!!!  Jessica nailed the haircut.  Best haircut I have ever had.  I get so many compliments.  I have been back twice with the same results and am so happy to find a stylist who knows what they are doing.
5	OK... I will be honest.. I was a hairdresser and my last h/c traumatized me to the point where I did not get it cut for 2 years.  It was A MESS!!! I have an after pic, I only wish (well not really)that the public could see how awful it was. Vera is the best! She took her time, fixed the disaster from my "do it yourself" incident, and my hair looks awesome.  Its exactly how it should look, exactly what I had in mind, even though I had no pics to show her.  Despite not having a haircut for 2 years, I'm actually picky.. So again, let me just say she is stellar!!! I will definitely go back before I am a 2 hour disaster again.
5	Malia is your girl! She can do it all: color? Check! Highlights? Blow-out? Check! Waxing? Super check! I am suprised there are so few reviews about her. I also had Vera for a blow-out and she was great also. I think everyone deserves five stars here! Love them :)
4	I've been here twice since I moved here last year and both visits were positive ones. During my recent visit, I didn't make an appointment but luckily they were able to accomodate me. I had a haircut done with Melia and she did a pretty good job. She was able to get all the damaged area out and by the end of my cut I felt refreshed not having all that heavy hair on draping down my shoulders. However, I wanted more layers, ones that one be more visible, and she was unable to do it. I wish she was able to get the haircut I wanted based on the picture just as one of their former hair stylist had done during my first visit. Overall, this is a good place to get your hair done. Everyone's friendly and accomodating and I'll most likely stick with this salon while I'm here in Vegas.
4	I'm so happy with my hair color!!  Thank you Jessica, the highlights you put in last week look phenomenal !  The hair cut you gave me 3 weeks ago still looks great! Thank you for your attention to detail and listening to my wants!  I'm a customer for life!
5	Started going to this place about a year ago, because of the great reviews. I see the owner Jessica, and she is awesome!!! Always easy to get in with her!! Always cuts my hair perfectly, and the way I want it. I would definitely recommend trying this salon out.
5	I first found this place with the help of Yelp, and I'm glad I did....thanks to Vera. She has been in the business for 14 years and she is great at what she does. She takes the time to discuss what exactly you want and gives her ideas and input to make sure you are happy in the end. I was looking for someone to continue bleaching my roots and trusting any ol' salon with bleaching hair is NOT EASY!!!! But I read a few reviews with her name and she sounded awesome and I trusted her with my hair. She did a wonderful job!!!!!!! I will be coming back to her from now on. So if your looking for someone to trust your bleaching needs, come here and book an appointment with Vera. You won't be dissatisfied.
5	Ruel is absolutely amazing. I called ahead to see if they had time for a walk in haircut and they were able to fit me in. Ruel is very friendly and easy to talk to. On top of all that he was very meticulous when he cut my hair. I only wanted half and inch trimmed off and my short layers trimmed too. He took his time and after he blow dried my hair he looked over my ends again to make sure everything was good. Most people I've had never did that. Overall I had a great time for my first time here. Ruel will be my go to stylist for my regular trims. Thank you again Ruel! -Marie
5	This Salon is really unique at Vegas.. Owner Jessica is really friendly and help you a lot about style. Clean nice ambiance.. Not too pricy. After looking 2 years Europeans style haircut I found it out here my style..
5	Back again, Malia is awesome! Great with color and cut. Takes her time and asks lots of questions to be sure I would get the look I wanted!
5	I was passing through Las Vegas after spending 4 days hiking in Zion.  I need a haircut and was a bit anxious about going to a new salon.  I have very fine hair that  is not easy to cut.  I made a same day appt.  when I arrived, Vera was at the front desk.  She was also my stylist. Vera did a fantastic job on my hair.  I love it!  She was friendly and very professional.  I also  heard her deal with a difficult situation with a customer and she handled it very well.I am bummed I live in LA and can't see Vera in the future!
2	I'm giving two stars. One for Malea and one for Vera. Malea is the one who would normally cut my hair. I always appreciated her because she strived to get the cut I wanted. She always did a beautiful job and was a pleasure to be around. I went in yesterday, and to my disappointment found out that Malea is no longer working there. The receptionist (Ashley I believe) was very sweet and told me that she will put me with Vera instead. Vera cut my bangs and did a beautiful job. She is very helpful and knowledgeable. She answered every question I had about color and was just very sweet. Thank you, Vera. You're a gem. : ) Now on to the rant. After I got my bangs trimmed, today after styling my hair, I noticed there were a few things that I would like to change. The length mainly because my bangs grow so fast, and I wanted to add a few pieces to the sides, so they would be just a little thicker. No big deal. I wasn't upset at all going back. I went in there today and told them about the changes I'd like to make. I was totally willing to pay!!!!! The old woman at the desk, who I believe is named Mary Kay, responded with a very rude unhelpful attitude. She would not take me even though I was willing to wait until someone was free. She didn't even ask me if I was willing. She told me I had to come back when Vera was there. All I wanted was my bangs shorter and she REFUSED me service. She tried to have me come back tomorrow and was telling me the times Vera would be available. The phone rang while we were talking and the person wanted to schedule with Vera for the same day, and she was going to let them pick their appointment first.... I was completely pushed aside. I was so upset and am still really irritated with the lack of customer service and unprofessionalism. I don't treat people that way and have never been treated like that at a salon.I also did not appreciate yesterday when I was getting my haircut, and the only things out of the old hairstylist's mouth next to me was gossip and complaints about other customers she recently dealt with. I bet the customer who was in your chair didn't appreciate it either. As customers we come in for a haircut. Not to hear YOUR rants. YOUR complaints. YOUR bitter nagging. How about you RETIRE if you hate people so much. How about you show customers you care a little. How about you appreciate their business because it puts food on your table. How about you have a good attitude with them so they will with you? Ever heard of the golden rule? Your generation of all people should know it. In conclusion, if you don't want the customers to be satisfied, if you want to have stinking attitudes, and you don't want to go out of your way to at least be kind, I will take my business elsewhere. I will also tell all my friends. You should be ashamed. I ended up taking my business to Henderson where I used to get my cuts. They were so kind and took care of me. They gained a customer your rotten attitudes lost. It's worth the long drive and gas to deal with kind people. P.S. Thank you again Vera. Thank you for my bangs, I only wanted them shorter. You are a very sweet lady and awesome hairstylist. I wish you and Malea the very best. I hope all the customers come in there only for you. You deserve better.
1	My favorite hair guy got a bartender job that he liked better than cutting hair, so I suddenly found myself without a person to cut my hair. I put off getting a hair cut for six months, but I finally couldn't go any longer. I booked an appointment with Jessica after seeing all the positive reviews. What a mistake!I told Jessica it had been six months since my last hair cut, so make me look good again! She proceeded to cut of maybe a year's worth of hair off. At any rate, I went from long hair to a buzz cut in the short time I was with her. She did ask me once if it was ok, but then kept going shorter and shorter and shorter. I think she was having fun at my expense.Never again, Boulevard Salon.
5	I was pleased with my experience at the Boulevard.  They may have the most comfortable shampoo stations I've ever experienced.
5	This is my second time here and got Jessica. I called the same day and was able to get in for a haircut.Another girl washed my hair while Jessica was finishing with another customer.I really needed a haircut and she paid attention to everything I asked for.I ended up looking like I wanted and also for an affordable price.She was nice all the time. The girl who washed my hair came back to dry it and style it but Jessica finished it for me. I love how it looks like.Def coming back.
5	I called at 5 pm on a Friday afternoon and was able to get squeezed in with Ruel. He was absolutely amazing!  Very nice guy and saved my hair! What I really appreciated and loved was that he listened to my needs and gave me exactly what I asked for =)Thanks Ruel! We had great convo too =) I will definitely be back!
5	I went to Boulevard Salon for a facial with Olga.I was very pleased . Olga was pleasant , professional and her products were high quality . Olga made me feel relaxed and comfortable during my facial and hand treatments . I will go see her again and I recommend You request Olga .
5	I've had three haircuts with three different stylists at Boulevard, and each time I am just thrilled. I called at 1:30 on a Sunday, scheduled an appointment for 3pm, arrived early and was getting my cut by 2:40.My hair is thick and wavy and wild and hard to handle - all three stylists (Jessica was the only one whose name I remember) were fantastic. They took the time to check for spots they missed because missing spots on my wild head is inevitable; the blowouts and styles are never something I want to go home and wash out immediately (an experience I've had before...) and the shop is always clean. All three times, I saw the stylists pull combs out of sterilizers (something that always makes the germaphobe in me feel 100% better) and the floors are pretty spotless. The price is unbeatable. $40ish bucks for a great, detail-attentive cut and style? Yes. Thank you very much. Great salon, great prices, great talents. If you can call ahead to schedule, do it, but if you call same-day, chances are they'll have someone who can take you.
5	I work as a pilot, so I move a lot and changing stylists is a pain. But, simply put, Vera at The Boulevard Salon has provide me with the best haircuts I have ever  had in my forty years on this planet. Sadly, I'm moving again but getting one last awesome cut before I go - and when I get to my new location I'm going straight in for a consultation to tell my next stylist, "Here is your Vera provide perfect template." "Now do this next time I come in." Doubt it will work! I'll miss the Boulevard Salon and Vera. :-(
5	I was searching for a good hair salon in Vegas because everywhere I seem to go, they always seem to mess up my hair in some way, and I came across this salon on Yelp with all the amazing reviews. After reading a bunch of reviews of the place, a lot of people seemed to love Jessica! So I booked an appointment with her the following week. Haircuts scare the hell out of me because I probably have only had one good haircut ever in my life before I came here. I showed Jessica a few pictures of the hairstyle I wanted and she did my hair perfectly! I was so amazed by how well she managed my dead, thick, crazy hair! The second time I came here, I came for a color. I wanted something different, really different. This time Jessica was busy all day and that was the only day I was able to go to the salon so I just went with my gut and asked for a different stylist, and I ended up with Malia. I asked her to do a blue ombre in my hair. She first had to ombre my hair with bleach and then put blue dye after we ombred it. The process took about 5 hours and it cost around $130. I LOVED the way it turned out and everyone else in the salon seemed to feel the same way. It's sad to say that Malia no longer works at Boulevard Salon! Both experiences I had here were amazing, I love how welcoming everyone in the salon is and how clean and well kept they keep the place. I now only come here to get my hair done!
5	Adam cut & styled my hair today and he did a fantastic job! I especially enjoyed him explaining how the different products would effect my hair. I only wished I lived here so he could be my regular stylist. I'll be back next visit here!
5	Great Service! Clean and Modern Shop!Jessica is the best!
4	Since we moved to Vegas, one of the first things we had to do was finding a good hair salon. Naturally I searched on Yelp, and found Boulevard Salon.It's not the closest salon, but the review looked great at the time, and looks even better now.One of the key factors when we decide was understanding of Asian / Japanese hair style, and here's Jessica, a Vidal Sassoon trained Chinese descent. She's from Palo Alto and we have a lot in common, too.My wife recently received a Japanese hair straightening, a venture from the usual Brazilian straightening, and it took almost 4.5 hours from start to finish. But in the end, she liked her new hair style.When it's just a quick hair cut, it costs only $25 for men. At this rate, I no longer have an excuse for procrastinating trimming.
5	This was an excellent experience. It was the first time I have ever went to the salon and I was beyond highly impressed. My boyfriend was referred to this salon by one of his close friends and he had recently came here to have his hair dyed from brown to platinum. His hair looks flawless! I had black hair which refuses to dye despite several box hair dye attempts and also "salon grade" materials didn't seem to make a difference. I came in without a very clear idea of what I wanted to do, but the stylist I had (named Vera) was absolutely wonderful and helpful. We decided on a color together and how I wanted the highlights. The overall process took around six hours for my hair to be dyed, shampooed, highlighted, toned, shampooed, toned again, blow-dried, and also styled. Vera is an exceptional worker! She pays such close attention to detail and she is a perfectionist (just like me!) The whole experience was wonderful; we had a lot of interesting conversations and the shampooing process was a dream because they massage your scalp for you. The overall result was beyond anything I could imagine beyond my wildest dreams! It looked amazing! My total came out to be $225 which is pricier than I expected (I've never been to a salon), but I still felt that it was worth every dollar. Vera gave me tons of helpful hints to maintain my hair color. This is what makes Vera extra great: she devotes time to you and thinks about you personally. She doesn't just do things for the money, she cares about your hair and tries to find the best look for you that won't damage your hair that much. She is incredibly hospitable; she asked me if I wanted water several times. If you go to this salon, I highly recommend Vera! She is an excellent stylist and my boyfriend and I will be seeing her regularly from here on out.
5	I have been going here for about a year now and every time I go I'm never disappointed with the service that I get! Jessica is an amazing stylist. Her haircuts are very clean and she pays very close attention to details. I have recommended two of my close friends to her and both loved what she did for them!
1	I've been meaning to write this review for a couple weeks now. I was in need of a hair cut and wanted to try a new place. Saw the reviews for Boulevard and combined with the fact that the location is near my house I was eager to give this salon a shot. I called and asked for an appointment and told them I was a new customer. I was assigned to Amber. Anyways I arrive about ten minutes early for my appointment. I enter and have to stand at the reception desk for several minutes as some workers are cutting hair, one is texting, and the others are chit chatting with each other. Finally someone comes over and offers me a cup of water. While I'm sitting waiting for my hair dresser, my official appointment time starts with no sign of Amber. She ends up walking in a couple minutes late which is absolutely fine by me. Things happen, but what ticked me off was she just acted like nothing happened, didn't even try to apologize for being late. After I sit in my chair the hair cut starts. It seems to go smoothly but once we are finished instead of showing me my whole head(front, sides, back), without asking if I wanted gel/wax Amber started spiking my whole head. I thought it was strange but I did not say anything. I then paid and left. Later on once I was home and took a shower I saw why she so hastily threw gel on my head. The front was average, 7/10. But then I looked at the sides and the back and saw why she put gel everywhere. The sides and back were shockingly uneven. She sneakily covered her mistakes by using gel to hide them. I had high hopes for this place but ended up being severely disappointed. I will not be back.
5	Not a local. Just got cut and styled by Tami who's on top of her game! She's cool too. Very friendly staff and good location. This salon is definitely a go-back!
