5	Best all you can you can eat sushi restaurant. Slightly more expensive than Kanda but much better quality.
4	I really enjoyed all the dishes I tried here and I haven't had better all you can eat sushi that I can remember. There is a huge price difference between lunch and dinner, so if you can swing a huge lunch that would be your best value. There are a couple of dishes that are only available on Fri/Sat evening (the most expensive time) but nothing indispensable. No drinks are included in the all you can eat menu, which is too bad, but they were good about keeping my water full.
3	If you decided to try this place. You need to make sure that you are not very hungry and they don't have more than 3 tables of customers. This place is really slow on the service and with a lot of pickup/delivery orders. The food is so so consider that you are in Montreal and you can not compare the quality of Japanese food here with other bigger cities like Toronto or Vancouver. The buffet menu is big but the average wait time is way too long. There were couple of complains about the wait during my visit and couple of complains from the phone about the never arrive deliveries. I personally won't come back again when there are 2 other better sushi buffet in town.
2	Ginza is a trap. It used to be good 2 to 3 years ago, but I've started to avoid this place since, in my opinion, they changed administration. The tempura is super oily and terrible, and the maki's are 90% rice, 9% ingredients, 1% seaweed.I have been going to Ginza monthly back in the days, but it's no longer an option for me anymore.To avoid if you are a true sashimi, nigiri, tempura and maki fan.Although the service never changed, an all-you-can-eat sushi is about the quality of their food. No good food + good service = still not a good restaurant.
4	I went to Ginza for lunch on a Wednesday with my partner and we ate from the buffet menu. The options were limited but the food was good. My partner was in fact extremely pleased, repeating how much the food was better than most other sushi buffets in Montreal (the best affordable buffet we've been to is still in Toronto however). The service was a bit on the slow-side but it was still acceptable. As a vegetarian, I can say that the veggie options were extremely few, even compared to other sushi buffets, but the ones they served were good. I recommend the mushroom and tofu tempura.
1	The first time I came here, I had an average experience- it was definitely not the best sushi I've had in Montreal and I even thought to myself it was rather unworthy of a return. Then, for some reason beyond me, I was desperate for sushi one night and decided to order from here. It was one of the few places I could order from, so I went for it. I paid an arm and a leg for an order that could have been amazing, but was far from it. I woke up in the middle of the night with extreme pain in my stomach that I had never felt before and spent an hour (on and off) vomiting. Two words: FOOD - POISONING.Bye.
5	Oh, how I LOVE this place! Hands down, best sushi in the city.. I've been 10+ times and have never had a bad experience. Yes, they only have about 8-10 tables, and yes the service can be a little slow. But, it's definitely worth the wait! The sushi is to die for, the sashimi is delicious, and tempura is perfect. Mmmmm, I wish I could be there right now! The price is fine considering the quality of the food and how fresh it is. Definitely my favorite sushi place in the city! Try it out - you won't be sorry!Oh, ps. The only negative is the chocolate sushi roll available for dessert on weekends. It's slightly gross.....but then again, some people don't mind the mix of rice and chocolate.. just not my cup of tea :s
1	I should preface this by stating that this could be the fault of the brochure I found this restaurant in.  I found it in citemenu.com which claims a delivery booklet for the H3G area (downtown).I chose this place because it had a combo of 22 pieces for $15 and it had a "visa" symbol, which meant I could pay by visa at the door - or so I thought.I called them up and asked for the combo and was told that I'm too far away to deliver a $15 order.  I replied that they are listed in the downtown citemenu brochure but the woman on the other end told me she didn't understand.  She insisted I order more to make it worthwhile so I ordered a large combo for 2 with the plan to eat half for lunch tomorrow.The delivery came in about 70-80 minutes - not an issue in the blizzard we're experiencing - but the guy at the door, who was a young French overseas worker, told me he was sent because I didn't request visa on the phone. He told me he'll come round again the next day to collect the cash. I blame the restaurant for causing a real inconvenience for both of us.  If it had been an issue, then they should have asked me what payment method I'd be using.Beware!
5	I've been loyal to this place for more than 3 years, and went there more than a dozen times. The negative: this place is SLOW! It's a family business, they make the roll as you order not in the industrial-like setting of Kanda or Sushi St-Denis. Sometimes it can take up to 45min to get your order, so better know what you want from the get go. I went there last night and it took us a bout 2.5h to go through 3 orders for 2 persons. It's really annoying. Also they get the orders wrong time to time. So I understand the frustration of many here (we were too yesterday tbh). Not sure I'll come back if they don't increase  their service next time I'm there.The positive: the best all you can eat sushi (AYCE) of Montreal. Period!I'm of course not comparing that to the best sushi restaurants of Montreal, but among all AYCE here, it's hands down the best (almost tried them all!). The price is slightly more expensive than the more industrial type of AYCE (like 2 bucks more), but, again it's really worth it!Bottom line, don't go there if you're in a hurry. Go there for the family feeling, but above all, go there for the quality of the sushi and sashimi!!!ps: if you don't like mayo, they'll change it, if you want something just made for you, they'll do it and not roll their eyes, and they'll keep smiling all the time, so be nice and tip them well! :)pps: yesterday's experience was really subpart, even for the quality of sushis, I just hope that it was a isolated case. Will give them another shot next time
2	No no no no no! That's really all I can get myself to type at the moment.......Maybe if I summarize the problems you'll understand.1. It took THREE hours to get ONE order of sushi for 3 people. The restaurant wasn't at capacity either.  . . . . . . . 2. We ordered 8 spring rolls for 3 people. The new owner I assume (a really pissy lady who was bossing everyone in the kitchen around) came to us and said: "You ordered 8. That's too much. I give you 3"......... We said that we wanted 8 especially since they didn't bring half our order and that it had been close to 3 hours by that point. She brought us 6. We were then told that if we want the rest we can get it AFTER we finish the 6.........3. Terrible service - many of the items brought to us were not ours...and our orders were not brought to us.Basically, and in a nut shell, not coming back. They just lost 2 super loyal customers.
