2	The only reason this place is getting 2 stars is because i like the doctors... I had my son 2 months ago and since i hadn't picked a pediatrician yet my ob suggested Dr zilberman since they are in the same building. So i kinda ended up here. Dr Peterson is actually who came to check baby at the hospital she was very helpful and informative. I was unfortunate enough to have him right before new years so everything was closed when i was trying to figure out his insurance and scheduling follow up appointment. So i faced everything to the insurance and they were telling me he was covered while they were telling me in the office he wasn't covered because they were using the online verification system that had not been updated yet. Long story short (haha) i argued with them long enough that they picked up the phone and called and oh guess what! He was covered! then baby ended up having serious jaundice causing me to have to come in every day until his level came down while they never charged me any copay for which i asked about since i knew he had a $30 PCP copay. More recently i scheduled his 2 month shots at his 1 month appointment and the date the girl scheduled me for was just shy of his 2 month birthday so i asked if that was OK... She said it was fine... I showed up for my scheduled appointment only to find out he can't get his shots its too soon i need to reschedule. Well I'm already here and i have a couple questions so may as well ask. So on my way out i already figured they were gonna  count it as a visit even though they screwed up i asked a different girl if i had a copay... Oh yeah it's $ 30 ... In 2 months this is the first time they have asked for money. So i schedule for the following week... Show up next week "oh did you know you have a$500 balance"... Of course i do every time i came in you told me not to pay! Ugh they have high turn over and no one knows what's going on!On a much more positive note the docs really are great!Dr Peterson doesn't make me feel stupid when i ask every silly new mom question in  the book. Pam is very nice she also answers all my silly questions and I don't feel like she is trying to rush out of the room bc the front desk over booked her. Dr Zilberman did my son's circumcision and he was great. He explained exactly what he would be doing then escorted me out to the lobby to wait while they did the procedure. About 20 min later they came and got me said everything went well. I got very clear post op instructions and some ointment samples to help baby heal. I was very unsure about having this done in office since my experience with my nephew this was done at the hospital before he went home, BUT I must say he is all healed up and it looks great no strange scar tissue or anything.Josh the office manager is very nice and they have Saturday appointments!!!OVERALL::I go for the doctors but the staff sucks in general .... to be fair there are a couple girls that seem to know what they are doing but just a couple
1	Please do not choose this pediatric clinic!! My daughters pediatrician is Dr Peterson and she has been with her since the day she was born. That's the only reason why we chose to stay. Out of all the staff members I think we only like 1 girl and we just tolerate her. The staff in the front office in the receptionist area are terrible!!! They are always messy and disorganized but none of them look like they care. I knew I was going to have a problem with them since the first time I called to schedule an Appointment. When we showed up they didn't have an record of me scheduling and appointment and even my husband got mad at me!! Ever since then I've had issues. I drop off 5 papers for them to fill out so I can put my daughter in day care. There were no patients in the waiting room and they told me it would be ready the next day and they would call me. I called 2 days after not hearing from them. I spoke to 3 different people and one thought I needed a translator. No one knew what I was talking about!! So they said they would have paper work I needed for daycare whenever I came in. I gave them more than an hour!! I show up and no paper work was filled out!!! They only returned 2 papers! They said they were busy but it's not my problem that they procrastinate! Unprofessional!! They do not care here! Honestly the pediatricians are not even worth the hassle!! Just choose a different one please!! We are already in the process!
2	Very hesitant to even give the 2nd star. Already in the process of switching Pediatricians. My daughter has visited this office since she was born(shes now 3) and her primary care doctor has been switched at least 3 times. The only Dr there who treats you like you aren't a check is Dr. Petersen. The staff is mostly rude and inefficient it seems. Expect to wait at least an hour in the waiting room if you have an appointment. One time my daughter had strep and I went in as a walk-in and was in the waiting room over 2-and-a-half hours and in the back room another hour, at least. It was torture for my little girl, especially considering they dont allow food or drinks and they are the only peds' office Ive ever seen without ONE thing for kids to do- no posters, no toys, no books (except the Spanish mags in the waiting room)-nothing. Kids are nothing more than $ signs to this place.
5	I really like this office. Pam really gives time to look at my kids. She always answers my questions and even goes beyond. She is really nice and sweet. I really recommend this practice.
4	I am giving 4 stars because the wait was a little bit long but I can tolerate that because I really like the doctor that my little one sees. Dr. Cynthia Chase is great! Very friendly and seems to really care. I will continue to give this place a chance until I have reason not to.
5	I am changing my review and stars to 5 because the wait time this go around was about 10 minutes. My little one got shots today and the nurse was so quick. Dr. Chase was great as always.
