3	Eisenhower once said, "Some people wanted champagne and caviar when they should have had beer and hot dogs." The man knew what he was talking about. Vegas is a place of flashy exuberance; dripping with neon lights and bronzed blonds dressed in sequenced gowns. Champagne and caviar are as easily accessible as sweet Asian Lucy. Believe me when I say I wasn't in the mood for either. After winning a whole ten bucks on the penny slots, I wanted something good and semi-cheap to celebrate.After meandering the pseudo streets of New York, New York, I settled on Jodi Maroni's Sausage Kingdom. Surprisingly, this little stand had a lot to choose from. There are Sausage sandwiches available from Hot Italian to Polish and Bratwurst to Chicken Pomegranate. There's also the good old fashioned hot dog which I settled on. I decided to get the combo which included fries and drink. The hot dog was good and the french fries were delicious. A simple meal, yes, but it definitely hit the spot AND I had some money left over from the ten bucks I won.Jodi's is located near the "Chrysler building" and the Zumanity entrance. There are a lot of little tables and chairs around to sit and enjoy your meal and it's also a great area to people watch. Definitely a cute little  place. I give it three solid stars.
4	After eating super rich foods & spending ridiculous amounts of money in Vegas all week, a hot dog lunch was just what we needed.Located in New York New York, this quaint little hot dog place has a quality dog & great fries. Two people will leave full for just about $10.00. A native NYC-er & Chicagoan give it 2 thumbs up.
3	Always a favorite while at the McCarran Airport. They're andouille sausages are to die for. Meals (dog+fry+drink) can get a bit pricey $9-$10
2	Bleh....I guess.I had the Chicago-style hot dog and the veggie mix on top was just way too excessive. I couldn't even taste the hot dog anymore because of all the damn toppings. My friend ordered the bratwurst and it was pretty plain tasting, nothing special. Even our sodas were wack -- super syrupy and sweet. Wish I tried some other place before here.
