5	Great customized experience!  Kali is a professional makeup artist that learned in the Chicago area at one of the prestigious salons and provides first class service.  She mixed me a specific foundation pigment that matched my skin - and talk about spot on.  She has done amazing wedding make-up (how I found out about her) and she is very accomplished.  The studio is small, so don't expect to bring an entourage, but it gives you personalized attention and a great learning environment to ask questions.  I would highly recommend!  Also when finding the studio, head through the courtyard and down the hallway on the left to fine her!  Highly recommend
5	Kali did my makeup on my Birthday and I felt so glamorous!!! She really took her time paying attention to details that I never think of when I'm doing my makeup.  Needles to say she made the Birthday girl feel special and beautiful! I would absolutely recommend her services for any special event, to pamper yourself or for makeup lessons!
5	Kali is an awesome makeup artist! She created the perfect look on me for my photo shoot. I receive so many compliments on how amazing my makeup looks. I highly recommend this beautiful woman, inside & out, to anyone needing a makeup artist!
5	I work with numerous make up artists as a wedding photographer.  Kali is professional and very accomplished, as well as a delight to work with.  She is on time, efficient, and meticulous.  She did a great job at the last wedding we shot in Phoenix.  Kudos!  Lear Miller Wedding Photography.
5	What can I say? Kali is absolutely amazing. Super friendly, flexible, and such a great makeup artist, Kali made the whole process of choosing a makeup artist/style so easy! I knew right at the consultation that Kali was the girl for me as she listened to what I wanted, incorporated my ideas along with her suggestions seamlessly, and produced a result that I didn't think was possible. Day of, Kali was extremely organized, friendly, and completely unstressed. She did my makeup, my MoH's, as well as my Mother's. My Mom is always weary of people doing her makeup so I was surprised that she was such at ease with Kali. Kali had her looking amazing in under 40 minutes! The transformation was incredible and my Mom loved it. My makeup and my MoH's was absolutely flawless and lasted all night even through some serious dancing. I would definitely go to Kali for future events!
