3	Anytime you pull into a restaurant parking lot at lunch and it's packed with utility trucks you can bet two things; one, you are going to get a lot of food and two, it's going to be fairly priced. This place is no different. They have a great selection of food ranging from soup and salad to fried chicken. The place is clean, the staff is friendly and I was out of there in less than 40 minutes.  It is worth checking out if you want some good old home cooking, only out at a restaurant.
3	Went at dinner, they were not busy but they were very attentive.  The service was very friendly and fabulous.They have so many side choices.  I tried the onion rings (which were outstanding) and the fried squash (which was fresh and fantastic).They had a ton of choices all over the Americana map.  I tried the jumbo fried shrimp and they were also very good.I didn't find many health food conscious choices... but to be honest I sort of fell off the wagon once I saw all of the delicious fried goodness they were offering.  They may have these choices.Hot food, outstanding service, and an extremely reasonable price.  It seemed to me (from Cincinnati) to be one of the few local businesses that were not a chain.  Support your local business and give Steele Creek a whirl, you wont be disappointed.
3	This is a decent place for lunch. The vegetables are a little watery but the fried chicken is really good. I didn't like their cornbread because it was icky sweet (like a cake).
5	Great home cooked meals.  Chicken sandwiches and Homemade Meatloaf are excellent!  Service was great also.  Would highly recommend!
5	Welcome to the home of southern comfort, huge portions, great flavors and friendly service... Oh, did I mention how cheap it was?!?!My fiance and I came here to grab breakfast before my meetings, and we had no idea on how it was going to go. I got the home special for 5 bucks, and my fiance got a mix and match of stuff.Tell'ya what, they gave us a HUGE serving plate full of eggs, grits, toast and meat, and let me tell you, everything was delicious! Sadly we could not finish it all, so we took our coffees (free re-fills) and hit the bricks. Total tab, about 12 bucks!My future head quarters is right down the street, and you can bet your sweet southern style tail feather I will be back!
4	Local favorite. Wife and I been coming here for years. Breakfast special is my fav!
3	Stopped in here on the way to doing errands for some home-style cooked breakfast. I was extremely pleased. it's not haute cuisine, but it's also far from the chain restaurants and fast food eateries around town.I ordered a Western omelet with hash browns and dry toast and that's what was on my tray when my number was called. Good size, with plenty of cheese and fillings. A big pile of delish food where you can actually sit down for a bit, read the paper and get change back from a $10.I'll be back!
4	Unassuming place, clean, friendly staff. Order @ the counter & food is delivered to the table.  Good portions served hot and tasty. See popcorn shrimp & breakfast special pics!
2	I had hoped this neighborhood cafe would be a surprising gem in Steele Creek. After all, if I can support local, independent businesses AND get a good meal, that's a win. Alas, Steele Creek Cafe, like most of Steele Creek, just didn't wow me. I ordered the breakfast special, a typical eggs, meat, bread combo. The eggs were okay (hard to screw up scrambled eggs). The sausage was dry and lacked flavor. The huge serving of hash browns was bland, and the biscuit was so-so. To be fair, the cafe is on Westinghouse Blvd. and caters to the hard-working blue collar folks who work in this industrial area of Southwest Charlotte, where a good values trumps gourmet dining. Still, I grew up on greasy spoons and all-night diners, and I was hoping for more of a warm-you-up, fill-you-up meal...not good for you, but oh so good. My quest for a true Steele Creek eatery with character continues.
4	My family eats here quite often. The staff is friendly and the food is always good. Our faves are the Calabash Shrimp plate & the Gyro plate. We've never had a veggie there that we didn't like. The kids really like the mac & cheese. The portions are generous & the prices are very reasonable. We will keep coming back.
4	A hidden gem.  I have lived in the area close to 4 years and last weekend was my first trip to SCC.  I loved it.  I had the "Carolina" burger with onion rings.  YUM!  The onion rings were homemade.  My burger was cooked perfect.  I believe the only comment for improvement would be their sweet tea.  It tasted instant and not brewed.  I love a good Southern brewed sweet iced tea.
5	Wonderful comfort food just as momma and granny made it. Excellent prices for the quality as well as quantity.
4	Cannot complain about this place. The food is always consistent, the staff is always friendly/helpful, and the portions are great for the price. By far one of the best lunch choices in the S. Tryon area!
2	The staff was so friendly I hate only giving it 2 stars, but... The food was lackluster.  It was freshly cooked, but lacked flavor. The beef tips over rice had no sauce so it was dry. The phili cheese steak was just okay. You could taste more egg than cheese in the macaroni and cheese. On a high note, the onion rings were great. It looks like many reviews were for breakfast, maybe their breakfast is better.
1	Ordered takeout breakfast with my colleagues and there was a white/gray hair in my food 0_o  Never ever again will I eat here! Eww! Hair nets, clean hands and proper sanitation is so very important. I hope no one else has an experience like that here.
