1	Um.......Yea......So ya know how if you can't say anything nice you shouldn't say anything at all?  Well...... Um.....There were 2 pool tables.  And that room was pretty well ventilated.  Though it could have just been because there weren't any smokers in it.  They were at the bar.  It looks like the walls of the bar were recently re-done.  They look nice.  And... um..... There was a dance floor - not that anyone was on it.  And um....Ok, screw the Ms. Nice review.  This place strove to be a dive bar but never made it that far.  There are two rooms and they look like 2 completely different bars.  And neither one is happening.  The bar is small and feels smoky - even w/ just 5 people in the place and only like 3 of them smoking.  NOT a good sign.   The drink was super strong - but didn't even taste good.  When even the alcohol doesn't taste good, you know you've got a problem.  I know you're a gay establishment.  And I really wanted to like you.  But no. We just don't belong together.  It's not you, it's me.
1	I get the feeling that I will be hunted down and killed for writing this place a bad review, that's how friendly the people are to "newcomers." I am officially afraid of those women.
3	My friends and I were feeling adventurous so we decided to check out Z Girl Club last Saturday. I was a little nervous upon our arrival because I had been to the club before and if I remembered correctly... it was a dark and scary lesbian bar with ladies leering at you. Wow, to my surprise the place was completely different. I mean, it's still a lesbian bar, but that's about the only similarity. Upon entering the building, I was surprised to see a well lit sitting area with the MLB playoffs on flat screen TVs. The seating area is a waiting area because the bouncers will only let a few people into the dance floor/bar area at a time. So, feeling like fresh meat, we all stood and chatted while we waited to be let into the club. Shots were being served in the waiting area as well as beers, but no mixed drinks...boo. Once we finally were allowed into main area, the music was jumping and so were all the ladies! There were all kinds of women at this club! I was just amazed at the diversity of the crowd and how much fun everyone was having. It wasn't hard to be drawn into the atmosphere. We decided to stay for a drink before heading out to continue our night out.I wouldn't mind coming back to stay a little longer and possibly dance. Z Girl is nothing fancy, but it's not a seedy dive either. Stay for a drink and people watch! You'll be entertained either way!
1	If I wanted to hang out in a snotty bar I would go to scottsdale. 45 minutes outside in line, another 45 in the little "holding room" that you stand and wait in with some whorey bartender, poorly made drinks, and a porno couch and plasma tv. (btw, theres no bathroom in this area, and they won't let you into the main bar if you do need to go). The main part of the bar was about 25% full (they showed the other room on the tv in the holding room). I never made it past the velvet rope and into the main part of the bar, I got impatient and went to the Cash Inn instead. This bar was awesome two years ago, now it sucks.
3	honestly, the only reason I'm giving this place three stars is because it's the only place in Phoenix where lesbians can openly gather and interact. and by interact, i mean give each other dirty looks from across the bar because they're dating the same chick and have to somehow prove they are alpha dog to the rest of the bar. hey guess what, your clothes are out of style and your haircut lost it's edge 3 years ago. for realz, do I need to go all queer eye for the lesbian on them? oh and that chick you're both dating? she has gonorrhea from the guy she's been sleeping with as well.  congrats on the clap, i'll even buy you a $3 sweat tea vodka lemonade to celebrate what morals you had that went out the door when you entered this bar.I do however secretly like going here because I get treated like the fucking king that I believe myself to be. everyone gets out of my way, the DJ loves playing my requests, and the bartenders pour me some deliciously strong, cheap drinks. the issue I have with the bar is that on one hand it tries to come off as classy with it's swanky sofas and flat screen TV, yet will never shake that lesbian dive vibe that the main room draws in due to terrible decor and stereotypical lesbian bar mantra (dart board, stripper pole, swivel chairs). and they have TWO womens bathroom stalls to take care of the 50+ lesbians that cram into this place on any given friday or saturday evening. demolish the space between the mens and the womens room and just make it one big unisex bathroom. I don't think many gay people would object and it saves many butch/masculine-female/trans people from the awkwardness of picking between the male and female bathrooms.if this place had a proper make over, it has the potential to be a hot lesbian bar, but i don't think they will ever get there, or really care to.. for now, I find it a safe haven to be myself at and converse with the few sexy ladies that drop in on occasion. take it for face value, and don't expect very much besides cheap drinks, NO COVER ever, good service if you're an attractive dyke, and an abundance of lesbian drama.PS- CASH ONLY!!!!!!!
2	Alright...as we all know the scene in Phoenix is horrible. So, due to lack of options, we are forced to go to places like Z Girl Club, formerly known as Mistys.The sad thing is that Mistys/Z Girl club used to be a really fun place to go to. In the last two years or so, the place has honestly gone to crap.Let's start with the music, since that is a key component to a nightclub, right? It sucks. Flat out sucks. My grandmother could play better music. They have played the same crap for years. Do you hear the newest stuff? No. Not even a chance. Even if you ask the DJ, there is a good chance it won't happen.The drinks - a second key component. Same ol, same ol. No good drink specials, the good drinks are overpriced. And you have to pay cash. Meaning if you are like me and don't carry cash, you have to go to the ATM there and pay the effing terminal fee. Classy and cool. That's what I want to do when I'm out.Now to the people that go there. It used to really be a good mix. Now, not so much. No style. There was a girl wearing Pj's. WTF?!?!?! Since when does Lesbian = scrubby and lazy? Stay in your living room if that's how you want to dress. Seriously. And the place does nothing to enforce a dress code.Overall...Not worth the trip unless you are desperate...and I'm really sad to say that. Boo hiss.
1	Complete desperation drove me back here one more time. I'm still hitting my head against the wall for going again. The place flat out sucks. The music is lame and old. And while I did not see anyone wearing PJs, the "dress to impress" dress code, still leaves me with a BIG question mark. It was actually super busy (because they were having a raffle for tickets to go to Dinah shore), which brought out some new faces. Considering that that is not the norm, I guess it was kind of exciting. Overall, my face is sagging from pure disappointment...I almost tripped on my face on my sprint to my car.
4	so fun! this place now take visa's, as i was just reading another review that said they didn't. OK, so I'm gonna out myself. I'm not gay :(, but still had the best time here. everyone is super friendly, and just looking for a good time, and good music to dance to. i now crave going to this spot with friends. i would definitely recommend anyone was wants to have fun to visit the Girl Club.
3	I'm really bummed about this place. I had high hopes to meet some good looking ladies and get my dance on. Unfortunately, on a Thursday night, it was completely dead. The bartender was the only hot girl in the place and no one was dancing. We were told it would get busy around 11 (we got there about 10) so we left and came back. Unfortunately, when we came back, it was just as slow as it was before. It looked like it would be a good time if it was busy but unfortunately it wasn't when we went. I'm going to give it another shot but I was definitely disappointed with my first time.
5	I love this bar! I'm fairly new to Phoenix and I was looking for a place where I could meet friendly people, have a few cocktails, dance, relax and just enjoy myself. I visited a few bars in the LGBT community and was struck by how cliquish and rude both the service and clientele could be. A happy twist of fate brought me to Z Girl's Club back in late March and I couldn't be happier with my choice to make it my home away from home. First off, it's clean, inside and out, bathrooms too. The owners and staff are conscientious and really do take pride in their presentation. Which is further demonstrated by their friendliness. They actually smile and welcome you when you come in. If you're new, they introduce you to regulars and help you get comfortable. They remember your drink of choice and how you like it prepared. They talk to you because they're genuinely interested in you. It's safe. They have a great security system and staff. They exercise their right to keep troublemakers from entering and I've yet to see dyke drama get out of hand. That means a lot to me. And if I sense danger, I am welcomed to tell somebody and they'll check it out, watch out for me and the other customers. They'll also slow you down if you've had too much to be safe.If you're looking for pretentiousness and snobbery, go to Scottsdale or Vegas. But if you're looking for a comfortable place to dance to great music, play pool, meet really interesting people and be served inexpensive drinks, try Z Girl's Club. The best part about it is that everyone is welcome to have a good time. Yes, it's a lesbian bar but they don't scowl at men or straight people. They don't underestimate you, don't underestimate them.And as far as waiting 45 minutes for a drink... psssh. That's a load of bullshit. If you saw the bar, there's no way in hell you could wait that long for a drink, unless you weren't paying attention or were being a jackass. The bartenders and DJs are always on point. They hustle and flow to make the place jump and they're good at it.
2	I really wish I could like this place. We went and gave it another shot last night. At the door, the guys I was with were told that next time they can't wear jeans and flip-flops because they were trying to make it more of a "dance club." They then proceeded to charge us a $1 cover, which is a joke. I will admit, the drinks are cheap ($3.50 for a screwdriver) and strong and both times the bartenders I have gotten were smokin'. Besides that, this place seems to be going downhill fast.
1	Ok let me start this review by saying I used to go to Misty's back in the day. I am happily married now and me and the wife just don't do the bars anymore. BUT on this rare occasion I decided to get a few friends together and go party at Z Girls club. We went a lil early to catch the "Burlesque" show. We had been there for about an hour and been drinking BUT because the show was about to start they came around and wanted the $5 dollar cover charge for the show. I was flabbergasted. How tacky is that....I can see charging people just coming in but you went around the whole fucking room to collect money from people that were already there WTF - business must be bad! So we paid because we didn't feel like leaving. Lets just say the show was crappy.....not what I expected and the girls were fat. We half assed watched the show and continued to drink. Music was ok but requests never seemed to get played??? We did drink a lil bit and one of my friends was a bit tipsy OK its a bar people!!! She took her shoes off while we were standing at the table and this bouncer/security geek told her to put her shoes back on. OK they were 5 inch stilettos and when she was shoving her foot in she kinda fell over a lil SO this ass decides to kick her out. OMG are you serious. She already stopped drinking and had a bottle of water in her hand. I had already closed my tab out and we were going to be leaving soon anyway but I couldn't believe he wanted us to go. I dropped way too much money in there for them to give us the boot for something like that. We weren't bothering anybody. I have a feeling they treated us like shit because we don't go there often. You could tell they treated the regulars better than the new faces. I don't know it was just a disappointing night. I have read all the other reviews and I agree with most of them. I know several people wont step foot in there because of the owner. I wish Phoenix would get a decent "girl" bar. OH BTW the really pretty bartender quit and the ones left are really old or really fat. I couldn't believe the bartender had this shirt on with her big belly hanging out!!!! LOL what a sightDo yourself a favor - get your favorite alcoholic beverage and turn your radio up real loud and dance around your living room - you will have more fun :)
1	The owners of this bar need a serious reality check. This is a divey bar in Central Phoenix, not some swanky Scottsdale club. They took out the pool table and replaced it with a flat screen tv and couches that probably would do better in my mom's house...oh right, and the "art" they picked up at Big Lots (hung on the wall with caution tape around it hahahaha) is priceless.A few years back, my then girlfriend and I decided to hit up Z Girl for St. Patrick's day, as they were advertising no cover before 9pm.  We go there with at least an hour to spare, cool right? No, one of the owner's, Char, started going around the bar after 9pm hit and asked us for our $5 cover.  Excuse me? What part of "no cover before 9pm" did I not understand?  Also, I was asked if I could play a gig here some time ago and I said sure.  Char's partner (her name escapes me) called and when I said hello she goes, "uh...wait, um who am I calling again? Is this Jennifer?" Um, ok really?! Can you please be sort of professional?  Anyway, we started chatting about the details of the gig, like how long I would play, what I charged and so on.  She calls me back and asks if I would be willing to charge less (I only asked for $100 bucks and was going to be bringing in a lot of people) and that they would be charging at the door...how does that make sense?  I said no, of course, and ended up not doing the show. All in all, this place is a complete waste of time and money.  The dj plays crappy oldies/disco...no thanks.  The only good thing I can say about this dump is that the bartender Machelle is always super nice and friendly and Fantasia and her queens make for a fun show on Friday night.
1	I wouldn't give this place any stars...I have been there a total of 5 times and each time it sucked so i will never again pour any of my money in to z girls club or the new name of ZEON'S...it is the same place, same owner just new name...i agree with the girl that said the owner needs a SERIOUS REALITY CHECK.I have went 2 years ago in December on a very cold evening wearing a sweater and right at the door the owner tells me i am not allowed in her bar because i am wearing a sweater...Another time i went with one of my gay male friends and a lesbian spilled her drink on him and he told her about it and her drunk ass started to argue with him and then the owner kicked US out...Yet another time i had went with my sister to hang out in the patio/livingroom area sitting on a high sofa with my feet dangling and i put my food on this table and the owner came right around and told me to put my foot down...Finally the LAST TIME which i am done...She stopped me and told me and my friend that wearing shorts n a t-shirt was not allowed that there is a dress code and that she will give us a 1 time pass? i was like this is it...I have never been to a bar where i felt like I was being harrassed and or constantly watched where i could not even be comfortable to drink a damn beer...Also, a dress code? In a place that looks like your hanging out in my back garage you got to be freaking kidding me.Will never go back...
