3	hmm this is a rather interesting place.  tucked away behind cargo overlooking the canal basin and office buildings, it's probably not the most popular venue for a night out.  in fact being hidden away i'm not sure that people are totally aware that this place exists which may be a bit of a shame.  the bar is all decked out in dark velvet colours and dark wood tables with stylish wallpaper accents so it's clear that this is trying to mimic the posh bars on george street but somehow it misses the mark.  the space is all modern with windows floor to ceiling on both sides which somehow makes it lack atmosphere when there are so few people having drinks.i can't say overly much for the service either.  i was at a private party in the upstairs bar and while there was a good number of people i would hardly say that the one girl behind the bar was over run.  that said when i went to order a lime and soda she acted like she was sooooooo busy and this was a waste of her time although i was the only person stood at the bar ordering.  also when my boyfriend tried to pay for a bottle of champange by card he was told he'd have to go downstairs to do this but the girl didn't seem to want to print out the receipt so he could actually pay for the bubbles.  additionally when we had been downstairs earlier in the night (probably around 8pm) to try to order some food we were told that the kitchen was closed and we couldn't.  um what???  we could clearly see into the kitchen and there was a cook there who appeared to be making food... not sure why we were turned down but it was their loss as zizzi got our custom instead.so overall i wasn't overly impressed with the bar.  it's trying hard but at the same time the staff aren't trying hard at all.  the posh decor should make it a nice place to drink, but it just totally lacked any atmosphere and didn't leave any impression that would make me want to return again.  bit of a shame as with some many financial businesses having their offices nearby this would be an ideal place for an after work drink, but i think with less than friendly bar staff and a cold environment most people will opt for the bars on george street instead.
2	I like the look/decor of this bar, it looks like it could be really cool. It's hidden away so people generally don't know about it. It's close to Cargo which more people would know of as it faces onto a main road. It has the potential to be a great bar but it's lacking something, which I can't quite put my finger on. I've been there twice now and it has been fairly empty each time. I ordered wine and it seemed extremely expensive though I'm not sure what the prices of other drinks were. There's plenty of bars with better atmospheres around this area that I would prefer to go to.Myself and a friend were going to book the upstairs bar for our birthdays before, but it was going to be very expensive and they wouldn't accept card upstairs so people would have had to go downstairs unless they had cash. I don't know why bars do this.
