3	Italian Delights opened up a few months ago, and is the new location for Tony who had originally owned Decara Pizza. There's nothing really to write home about here. The inside of the restaurant is sterile and missing that homey feel most pizza places have. The pizza is good, but not great. We always get the veggie specialty since I have a thing for artichokes....the toppings are great, but the pizza dough is a little more chewy than I like. I guess this review isn't extremely helpful, but there hasn't been anything particularly memorable about my visits here. I think what's missing is Tony- he definitely made Decara worth a stop but I haven't seen him around his new location. For now I would say, if you are in the area and craving pizza than give this place a shot.... but I wouldn't bother making a special trip.
2	After my first trip here, I probably won't be back.  The good:The waitress was very friendly and attentive and was a great sales person for the food that was on the menu.The garlic cheese bread was very good.2 slices of pizza and a drink $4.99The bad:My calzone dough was nearly raw in the center.  It was also nearly drowned in marinara sauce, and still lacked much flavor.  While the cheese was abundant I couldn't even taste the pepperoni in the calzone.The chicken Parmesan seemed to be made from commercial frozen chicken strips covered in marinara and cheese.The marinara sauce was runny and seemed too much like stewed tomatoes for my taste.I may give this place another try in a few months (if they make it) just to make sure I didn't get them on an off day, but I'm not going to make a point to eat there in the future.
1	This place was awful! We live on base so it seemed like a great little local owned place to grab lunch in a pinch. I should have known how not okay this place was going to be when it was pretty much empty at lunch hour!! Also the decor and atmosphere is bland, white, and looks like they just threw stuff on the walls and called it good. The waitress was super friendly and helpful but all of her charm and politeness couldn't make up for the fact that the food is HORRIBLE. My chicken parm was literally frozen chicken strips covered in marinara and cheese...my 4 year old could have made this! The pizza was on par with frozen.. I wouldn't have been surprised if it was. But the worst of the worst was that my husbands calzone was RAW!!! The entire thing was just gooy and not because of cheese....on top of that it was hidden in a pond of marinara. I normally give places a second shot... not this place. I doubt it will be open for another week to do so!
1	Nice staff but unorganized, unclean (wiped hands on same towel many times with different hands!), slow pizza was doughy and undercooked, my 5 yr old son said 'it had bad pizza and it was a mud restaurant!'- will not be going back. Sad because I've heard good things about the owner
4	I don't know why this place is getting such bad reviews, maybe in 2011 it was different, but I went a couple of months ago and it was fantastic! The food for the price was flavorful, well cooked, and in huge portions, and the owner is the nicest guy! I was just driving through from LA to the northern US, and am really glad I found this place and didn't have to go to yet another fast food stop or Starbucks. I even have Italian Delights bookmarked as my stop for food now for all future trips. The owner greeted the three of us and was very friendly- always coming back to check how we were doing, how we liked the food, and just chat. The place has a very casual atmosphere, but it's also very welcoming. The portions for the food were enormous, especially for the great price. Obviously this isn't Michelin Star dining, but look around you- you're in the outskirts of Vegas. And that city has some really bad food for through the roof prices AND snobby service. Italian Delights is a refreshing change, and their Calzone, Chicken Alfredo, and Caprese Salad were all wonderful. I would recommend this restaurant, and the friendly owner, to anyone looking for something other (and better) than the Subways and Chinese places in the area.
