4	It's not often that you step into a store and feel like you've been transported to another realm.  That's what you get at this Psychic Eye Book Shop location though.  The smells and the sounds penetrate your senses as your eyes dart from one unique lil object to the next.  It's a great place to go for a different sort of gift, psychic readings or just to browse.  You can get books, candles, jewelry, incense, gifts from other countries, house decor, meditation tools, and more.My friends and I like it but only make it in every couple of years, it seems.  Btw.. this is a new location!  Check the address if you're gonna stop in. :)Might see ya there!
4	I know that sometimes this subject gives people the creeps, but this store has a calming effect to it. Instead of feeling some witchy aura, there is a sense of spirituality. I like how there is a good mix of multiple beliefs that spans across Paganism to Buddhism. If you are searching for some balance and relaxation the Psychic Eye has many tools to calm down the nerves. Their extensive collection of aromas, incense, wind chimes, and other tools will aid you in finding peace of mind.
5	I went in here looking for a gift for a friend, a wind chime, and I found several very unique ones as wells as some "normal" ones (on sale whoo whoo) along with a handful of amazingly beautiful (and HUGE) ones. The employees were more than helpful with looking at each one, listening to them, while trying to find one (my friend wanted one JUST like mine) that would be a best buy and sound. I found a few that I want to buy (save up for as the one I want is HUGE and cost over $200, but worth it as it is so big and well made), but nothing for my friend, so they helped me figure out where to go- and I went where they recommended and found it! There is so much here- I found a Buddha head that was very tempting, some angels for my friend, as well as Hinduism stuff for my sister. Prices range from cheap to expensive- all depends. Awesome employees, sooo much stuff, good quality- can't wait to go back!
3	Unique gifts if you have any friends who are into the mystic, spiritual, or holistic practices. Great assortment of jewelry; a little on the pricey side, but their jewelry isn't cheaply made. A lot of the expensive necklaces are made out of sterling silver or heavy silver grade. Embraces different cultures throughout the times, from the Celtics, Native Americans, Hindus, and Nordics. There's also an emphasis on crystal healing and an extensive library in the back of the store that has plenty books on different subject matters relating to the mystic. They have a nice little discount rack when you first walk inA little more assertiveness in helping a customer's needs can be improved by the employee's, though. There was one lady who was kind enough to come over to me when I was standing by the jewelry window to question if I needed any help or had any questions. The rest of the staff were behind the cashier's counter, to which they were loudly gossiping about another employee. Sounded a little unprofessional and inappropriate when the entire store is quiet and you can hear employees of the same place gossiping! There was no acknowledgement of my presence made from that group of said employees, everyone except the lady who helped me.If you ever want to get a unique gift for a loved one or a friend who you know is into the spiritual lifestyle, this is the perfect place to come.
5	I was a skeptic going in to have my first reading done, but that sure changed. I had a reading with Angel and she was amazing. She was very insightful with my tarot card reading. First we started with a celtic cross reading. Then I got to ask Angel two different questions and she laid the cards out and provided me some great information. Lastly, I got to pick one card and that would be my final message. It was the Experience card. How fitting, because this was definitely an experience I will never forget.
5	Get a reading with Deanna Moondove. She is amazing. I have been seeing her since she was at the Charleston location (about 9 years) and everything she tells about comes to fruition eventually- even if it doesn't make since at the time, it'll come. I wouldn't see anyone else. She is a must!
5	I was on a mission to find some crystals for chakra balancing and came here. It was a perfect choice! Katie was VERY helpful in explaining the different stones and making recommendations for my need. Not only that but the phone kept ringing non-stop and each time she would excuse herself and come right back. You find a lot of new age, spiritual stuff here: candles, statues (from Buddhism to Christianity), jewelry, book, in person psychics, oils, incense, and much more. All in all: pleasant experience, helpful, and great service. I am a happy customer who will return . Thanks a bunch Katie!!!!
2	I believe there is a difference between a genuinely gifted individual with *abilities * and a highly spiritual or open minded person who happens to own a Tarot Deck and knows the card meanings. Unfortunately I believe I may have experienced the latter. I recently drove across town to have my very first *Psychic Reading * here and I was pretty disappointed. I consider myself open minded and I do not fall into the category of someone who just didn't hear what I wanted to either. I came prepared to find out the ugly truth about a situation I needed closure on. My *reader* seemed nervous which made me feel bad for her. She knew absolutely nothing about me. She was a nice lady and I can tell she tried to be as sensitive as possible but it was all so awkward as I felt she was grasping for straws. She never confirmed anything or gained my trust in her abilities by saying one thing that proved she was legit. I felt she didn't know anything she wouldn't know unless she was highly intuitive. She just did a spread and told me general things according to basic tarot interpretation. It was impersonal at best and I left feeling duped and foolish for sharing sonething so personal with a complete stranger, wasting gas, time and money. I hate leaving bad reviews which is why I'm not leaving a name. I think it's important to get a name and recommendation by someone who can vouch for the experience before coming here.
