3	i would never think of goin to vegas to relax or, even worse, hitting the gym! but i did just that this time around and it turned out soooo nice!  i think mostly b/c the service was fabulous! they gave me directions where to go, gave me a tour of the place, were very friendly and helpful, and that put me in a good mood. you can't use the gym for free as a guest of bally's...you have to pay to use the entire spa facility ($22). if u purchase a service over $50, then the spa facility is included. expensive, but u should see some of the other hotels!!! oh well, it's vegas...the gym was small but pretty complete. and all the machines worked. the whole facility itself was nice and clean and organized. after workin out, this babushka lookin lady dressed in a hotel maid's outfit came out to greet me. this wus prolly the worst part of this whole thing...can u *not* look like u just cleaned the toilet? cuz ur gonna put ur hands all over my clean, nekkid body! please! get a new outfit for the aestheticians! so the massage was arite ($75 for 25 minutes...yikes!). i woulda liked her to dig in her elbows and knuckles more cuz i had some knots but maybe she don't do deep tissue stuff? i was cold too and she didn't tuck me in at the end, she just left me hangin there nekkid and cold }:(. but i jumped into the sauna after and it was awesome!!!!! i'm a sauna wuss (can't breathe in there) but this setting was tolerable and it was such a perfect ending to the whole experience. oh yeah! they have this vanity area where they have hair products and curling irons and hair dryers. so i even did my hair in there! but the curling irons were kinda weak...they barely got hot. anyways, this was soo nice! :D ima do a spa thing again the next time i go to vegas...
1	If Zero Stars were an option, I would have rated this facility a 0. I make it a point to get a massage when I have a long business trip, and the service I received was marginal, perhaps because everyone was watching the clock. I was not asked if I was pregnant or if I had any health conditions which might be pertinent. Least professional spa experience I've had to date in the USA. Even the strip mall massage places in Austin provide a more professional service at 1/5 the cost. With a day overlap in my schedule and my daughter's we decided to share a spa day. Since I was staying at Bally's and they had a spa, I phoned in advance for reservations. We decided on services and they described the sauna, steam room, whirlpool all available for our use after the service and included in the charges. Stating we were after a girl's day, and since I had some work responsibilities early in the day, I requested late afternoon and booked for 5. The website noted hours of 8 to 8, as did the poster in the elevator and the information in our room. When we arrived at 4:30, we were immediately told we had the last appointment of the day and would have 10 minutes to vacate once our service was complete. I was very upset, and asked why I hadn't been told upon booking since I had made it clear we wanted to spend some down time after the service and before our 9pm dinner reservation. They offered single day passes for another day as a consolation.The need for us to vacate immediately was repeated by each staff member, ruining the relaxing experience. Once our service was complete, we were rushed out with a staff member even reminding us they were closing as we showered. I requested to speak with the manager and I was told a manager was not available but would call. Due to work commitments I was unable to return to the spa between the open hours and my daughter flew out the next morning, so I felt they should have discounted the facility fee from our charges. I complained to the hotel of course they reiterated the spa manager would phone. To date that hasn't happened. SKIP THIS HOTEL SPA.
3	the spa itself is nothing special, very small but they have everything you need. the service was great, we started it off with a full tour and they were always stopping and asking if i need anything.
3	I visited this spa because I had signed up for text messaging specials (which most of the hotels do now and I got some great deals!) and Bally's offered 25% off a spa treatment.  I got a 50 min Mojave Stone massage for $105 plus tip and it was great.  My masseusse was very professional and asked me if I had any health related issues and if I wanted to avoid or concentrate on any parts in particular.   The atmosphere was relaxing and comfortable.The spa facility itself:Pros:  It has a body temperature whirlpool and a hot whirlpool.  There was also a steam room and a dry sauna room to use.   I arrived an hour early so that I could use the whirlpools and steamroom. Some of the showers have standard shower heads (good for when you are not washing your hair) and some of them had really nice rainshower types that were fun. They had a full vanity set up to do your hair, along with good shampoo and conditioner.  I was offered water or juice several times during my stay.  I also made myself some organic green tea from the coffee and tea table where they had many teas to choose from.Cons:the spa facility is a little small.  Even though they did have several comfortable chairs and couches, there are no lounge chairs to lay back on. It doesn't seem set up for you to want to spend a whole day there like the Qua spa (Ceasars) does.  Overall, it was a good deal for a couple hours of relaxation for the price.  And compared to spas back home (Denver area) it was pretty good.  But in Vegas you can experience super luxury at the qua or the O spa (Treasure Island). I'd go back if I had another deal offer next time.
4	Vegas = Relax??? Not what I was planning.... the hunny was playing in  a poker tournament and I had a few hours of alone time in sin city ... hummm :)  no no!! ill be a good girl~ booked some spa time for myself... I booked a massage @ the front desk of the spa with the "manager" and walked back to the room to check my cell phone and change into something a little more spa- ish.... I realized I wanted to use just the spa instead of massage.. so I called down to the desk and the receptionist informed me they have a cancellation policy that & I was not allowed to cancel.. ?? ok was NOT told this when I booked.. a few moment ago... anywayz.. They let me cxl the massage and pay the $22 fee to use the spa. It was great!! The steam room, eucalyptus room, hot tubs, sauna.. ahhh I was ready for a loong night after this yummy little spa session :)
4	I should have written my review before reading other ones because I was so impressed by the facility! However, maybe it's because I was a spa novice before visiting Bally's facilities. Either way, I LOVED it. The price helped nurture my love.. 11 bucks if you go after 3pm. It closes at 5 or 6ish so you can get a few good hours of pampering time. The spa offers: 1/ Two different hot tubs- different temperatures2/ Steam room with eucalyptus scenty stuff in it 3/ Dry Sauna4/ Rain showers (feels like you're bathing in rain!)5/ Pampering area6/ Lounge area with fruit, tea, magazines, other reading, etc. 7/ Treatment facilitiesI would mention the heated robes, dim lighting, overall impeccable cleanliness, array of teas, friendly staff, etc. but go and see for yourself! Really, for 11 bucks it's hard to pass up. I believe that's the same amount of money I spent on my 2 pieces of pizza at Sabarro (next to the spa) the night before.Oh- the best part of this spa (sorry, Bally's if this makes you look unpopular- I still love you!) The place was EMPTY Saturday at 3pm. I mean EMPTY. My friend and I had the entire spa to ourselves!!!
4	Very nicely located and great service.Got a sports massage here after a run and loved it.
4	Great Spa!  When compared to most of the other spas operated by Harrah's, this one comes in second only to Caesar's Palace.
4	I know that this place has the word spa in its title but I am not here for the spa.  I am here to use the treadmills and run my little heart out.I have been here several times over the last 10 years and the workout area has not changed much.  I wish the equipment was a little newer but it does serve its purpose.My only complaint would be that this place opens at 6am and closes at 6pm, which are not good times for me when I am working.  I really wish that it would stay open a little later, so I could get a workout in, after a long day of working.There are only two TVs facing the cardio machines and both are in a weird position.  It is almost like someone hung them before they ever placed the equipment in the room.  So choose your machine wisely if you are wanting to catch the scores on SportsCenter.The locker room is really nice.  You can hang out on the couch and watch there big screen in there.  Have some coffee and a piece of fresh fruit.  It was definitely a nice way to finish my workout.I also loved the three different hot tubs too.  There was boiling hot (like I am going to cook a bunny), ice cold (welcome to the Polar Bear Plunge) and a warm bath water.  I could hardly resist and would go from cooked bunny to ice cold polar bear every time...it was a nice feeling to shock my body like that.There were also three different saunas here too.  A dry one which made no sense because we were in a desert and you could just go outside.  A wet one and a wet one with eucalyptus.  So there many choices.  I really enjoyed the eucalyptus because after a day of talking it really helped my voice make it through the long day.The men's locker room attendant (Rocky) in the morning was almost too funny.  It was hard for me to keep up with all of his jokes.  I enjoyed talking to him and he made me realize that everyone in Vegas has a story.  He seems almost too talented to be working in a locker room.I know that this is not the best gym and I would never choose to come here unless I was staying at this hotel.  It is convenient for me to workout here because I usually have to get to work early.  I also recommend you look at the multiple day passes because your daily rate will go down.
3	After my neck, back and feet were telling me I needed to get some treatment, I had to find a place near to Bally's (where I was staying). I looked at my dresser and there was a leaflet for the spa downstairs. They had something for two people readily available so we jumped on it. I got the spa special that was made of 3 types of modalities for $125.Given the decor and condition of Bally's, I wasn't expecting much. When we got down there it was much nicer than the rest of the hotel. The gym is actually right behind the reception area. In order to use the gym you have have to pay $22. I was not cool with that. On the other hand, if you made an appointment for the spa, you had unlimited use of the gym for that day. While you are waiting for your massage appointment you can make use of the other services/ammenities of the spa like:2 Dry saunas3 different JacuzzisLounge with magazines and TV with fruit, snacks and drinks.Locker to keep your junk. The restroom has showers and an assortment of creams and colognes for personal grooming.You have full use of the facilities until 6pm. Then after that your coach becomes a pumpkin and you go back to being a chump off the street. I tried to come back in the morning and use the gym. They told me I'd havet to pay the $22. I just turned away and ran laps around the strip for free.
4	I lift the weights and I put them down! This review is only for the actual free weights / gym area as I did not use any of the spa services.One of the better casino health clubs I have trained at. The Spa at Bally's gym is loaded with free weights, machines, benches, cardio, and dumbbells. It has one of the best selections of Icarian machines I have seen in a casino gym, along with real steel free weight plates, cable racks, bars, smith machine, and a great selection of metal dumbbells up to 100 pounds. I hate those rubberized weights. There is a nice cardio area off to the side with Cybex treadmills, bikes, and ellipticals. A few flat screens hang from the ceiling.The facility itself is very clean and well maintained. Even though the equipment might not be the newest it looks pretty current, and nothing was broken or out of service. The locker room is pretty sweet. Really nice facilities with hot tubs, saunas, couches, flat screen tv, coffee, and fruit. Early in the morning there are not that many people up at that time so I basically had the gym to myself.The hours of the gym are 6am - 6pm, so it's good for an early morning workout but I wished it stayed open later for those of us who are working a long show at the convention center and would like to get in a workout when returning back to the hotel. Also, you can buy a daily pass or a three day pass for $51 which includes unlimited access and use of the spa. If staying more than a few days it's worth it to get a multiple day pass to bring the rate down. As with all casino health clubs it's not cheap, but worth it for the quality of the equipment here, and if you value staying on top of your fitness while away from home.It's not like going to your normal fully stocked gym where you have your membership at, but it's more of a compact version, and better than many of the casino or hotel gyms I have used.
5	If your doing a trade show or just need to relax or workout this is your new best friend. I couldn't make it through ConExpo without recharging each morning per my chiropractors recommendations. Hot tub, steam room, cold tub all excellent. Gilbert is very helpful, all staff is excellent. Standing on the hot tub seat provides excellent pain relief to legs, calves and feet. Best kept secret. Get there early, you'll feel like you own the place. Thanks very much folks!
5	One word: Amazing!! The spa itself isn't the largest spa or the best spa in Vegas, but the masseuse and massage were amazing. I can't remember what it was called but the massage was a combination of a Swedish, deep tissue, and hot stone. Usually it is $160 but they had a special on it for $128...  Well worth it..My experience- 5 stars The Spa- 4 stars
5	The spa area is not very big or modern, but 8th is usually empty and quiet and relaxing. The staff is incredibly friendly and helpful, which I was pleasantly surprised with. To top it off, I had the 50 minute classic massage with Iryna. Now I have been to almost every spa on the strip and a massuse as good as Iryna is very difficult to find!! She was friendly and knew all the right spots and pressures. She was not overly talkative but still made you feel very comfortable! My back is a mess as I am in the medical field and stand for long periods if time, and I could immediately feel the difference after her session!! I am a local and will not only be going back for her very soon, but I highly recommend her to anyone who wants a treatment.
