4	We went to this restaurant during our stay in Montreal when both, my husband and I, we were craving for Indian food.We ordered Tadka dal and Saag aloo both were yummy. But the portion were pretty small! We also got a mango lassi (could be sweeter), pickles and poppadum! The only problem was with the rotis that we ordered. They tasted like frozen malaysian rotis!If you are someone with a good appetite you might want to order 2 entrees. The service was nice and attentive!
2	Typical Indian fare with nothing especially good or bad.  Friendly but slow service. Portions are small, but prices are reasonable.  Bring your own wine or beer - but there is no Kingfisher to be found in the depanneur across the street.  Unfortunately, at 7:00 p.m., they dim the lights and turn up the Indian techno music, spoiling any chance for table-wide conversation.
2	The food is pretty good, for the price. I was very happy with the Mulligatawny Soup. The perfect amount of spice and flavor, while making me happy on a rainy, cool night. The Shrimp Korma was too sweet and the texture of the sauce too thin - I'm used to some amaaaaazing indian food in my home city so I wasn't wowed, but since I paid less than half of what I usually pay for Indian, I wasn't too disturbed. The basmati rice was passable but plain and the naan was decent quality. What made this two stars for me was the delivery service. I gave them the address to a hotel. The guy showed up and handed me a bag, then told me that he didn't have a way to put a tip on my card that I had provided earlier. Once that was taken care of with some cash, I opened the bag to discover that all I had was food. No utensils, no napkins. When making the order, I specified medium heat. There was none. It was like they did the opposite of what I asked. Just a little more attention to detail and forethought is all I ask.
2	I had intended to visit the French restaurant next door, but it was completely packed on a Friday night so I went up the stairs to this Indian restaurant instead.  Wasn't very busy, but there were two large groups having a good time (both had wine, so they brought their own as this is a BYOB place).  Ordered the combination dinner with dal soup, the soup was rather bland compared to what I've had elsewhere.  Next were some meat rolls with a small salad, and they were either dried out or overcooked, again somewhat bland.  For the main course, the chicken curry was spicy, but not in a pleasant way, just a slow after burn from the long red peppers.  The vegetables looked overcooked, but tasted ok.  The rice pudding for dessert was good, at least.  Even though i only had water with the meal, this was one of the most expensive dinners during my visit to Montreal.  If you're traveling on to Toronto, save it for the lunch buffet at Dhaba, you won't regret it!  Otherwise, Indian food in Montreal doesn't seem to be that great so read plenty of reviews and choose wisely...
