4	I really like this place because it seems like a good value for the quality and quantity of food you recieve.  You can dine-in, take out, or get delivery if you happen to live in the area.  Food orders are usually done within 10-15 minutes.  They have a combo menu that includes your choice of entrees, an egg roll, crab rangoon, a decent size bowl of egg flower or hot and sour soup, and BBQ pork fried rice.  All under 10 bucks.Every times I've called in an order they have always been polite and the service in the dining room was great.  Granted the place is in a mini-mall, but I can't blame them.  Seems like everything in Vegas is either in a casino or mini-mall.  It's a small place, but well decorated and they proudly display an A from the health department.
4	My family are faithful customers to this business. They are generous with their portion sizes and are extremely prompt with their delivery.My brothers always go for the usual Mongolian Chicken or Pork Fried Rice but my favorites are the house special beef and the Dragon and Phoenix.
4	Love love love the house special beef.  I try to frequent this restuarant weekly.  It is my preferred Chinese place to eat.  The waitress is so darn sweet.  The food comes really fast.  I can never seem to get enough of the House Special Beef.  It rocks!  It is on the pricer side of the menu however after the first taste, I was hooked. And there always seems to be plenty of leftovers for the next day as the portion sizes are great.  The only bad thing is the initial serving of rice is small.  But they do bring more upon request.  The potsticker are on the small side but the sauce that comes with it...delish!
4	Easily a 4.  The food was great.  The atmosphere is pretty nice actually (very clean, nice lighting, quiet, newer looking interior) and the price was awesome and well worth the money.Got fried noodles, a choice of soup, full size entree (I had to take some home it was so generous) and a large eggroll and a ragoon with pork fried rice.  $8.25.  Seriously.The staff was nice and attentive, and even put our leftovers away for us.  5+ all the way.  I will be coming here often.  The food was very memorable and you won't even kill a $10 bill on food coming here (make sure you leave a generous tip though!)
4	i order from this place at least once a week! i love their bbq pork fried rice and bbq spareribs. the food seems to be 'cooked to order' since it's always hot and fresh when i pick up. we've had a few other items that weren't bad, but i'm a creature of habit and always seem to order the same items. BIG PLUS... their prices are not too expensive!!!
4	Went for a quick pickup order.great food, good value.  Only took 5 minutes if that. Will go back again.
4	Time: 13:30 pm What: Lunch Special   Drop Egg Soup  Egg Role   Chicken & Shrimp with Cashews   Pork Fried Rice   Price: 6.99How did it taste:   I didn't like my drop egg soup. It didn't taste so bad, but it looked awful! It looked like raw egg whites and after I looked at it I couldn't eat it... not good! The egg role was very good and so was the rest of my food. I probably would go back since it wasn't very far from where we live. Service was ok but not perfect. 4 stars because I had a good time!
5	Awesome is the only word, everything is freshly prepared and perfect.  Great food and great prices.
3	I've eaten here a few times with family and they love this place. Maybe because I live in an area of Orange County where I get to have authentic Asian foods regularly, I'm jaded.Prices and service: great and good.Food: Just ok.Not that I didn't enjoy the food, it just wasn't so spectacular that I want to hit this place up every visit to Las Vegas. It surely beats fast food and it's close to family and inexpensive so it's on a list of places I'll consider but not crave. I appreciated how the Chow Mein wasn't overloaded with veggies. Not that I don't like veggies, I just sometimes feel that places should just name it a veggie mein with some noodles.
4	As neighborhood Chinese restaurants go this one is pretty good. I have only ever ordered take out so I can't speak for the table service. The delivery service however, is pretty fast and nice. Having a terrible craving for Chinese food yesterday I ordered beef with snow peas, fried wonton, and honey chicken - all for myself.  The bf likes the bbq pork fried rice so that was his request even though he was not hungry for dinner.I like their fried wonton. I have had both the cream cheese and the pork. I think I may enjoy the pork more but I will have to sample it again when I am not starving. You know how being hungry makes everything taste good. Was a little perturbed that it didn't come with sweet and sour sauce like the cream cheese ones. Instead, it came with this oily chili looking something in a small container that went straight into the trash. Luckily I had left over sweet and sour sauce from the last time I had made lumpia.  The beef and snow peas is solid. Being the carnivore that I am, I would like there to be less veggies and more beef. There also happens to be carrots and a whole plethora of other things as well as the snow peas but that really doesn't matter to me. Give me more of the wafer thin wonderfully covered in brown sauce and melt in you mouth beef. The honey chicken is not bad. It's very "Americanized." White meat, covered in batter and then again in sauce. Well not everything can be a home run but  at least it gets to the base.Now as I've mentioned in other reviews the rice at an Asian restaurant can make or break it for me. Their rice is "iffy." And by that I mean, when I get it, at first it is piping hot and has a passable sticky texture. However, on the reheat for leftovers it's a no go. It's mealy, dry and has "instant rice" texture. Well, leftovers can get homemade rice since there is always some available. As for the fried rice, my bf really likes it. Beyond that, I don't know cause I don't eat fried rice.
4	XLNT Food Fast Delivery always Tasty
4	Love their egg rolls which are big and tasty. Very quick service and their staff is very friendly. Food is pretty solid as well with a nice selection. I would definitely recommend to anyone out there.
1	After several years of driving by New China and thinking to myself, "I should go try that place out," I finally made the leap and got some take-out.I'm wishing I would have just kept driving by like every other day.The girls working at the counter were very sweet and answered my questions, the food came out at lightening speed.  I got home excited with the notion that I may have finally discovered the long awaited Chinese take-out that I've been missing.  But as Bono sang... "I still haven't found what I'm looking for."The Vegetable Chow Mein had old stale noodles and an off-taste.  We didn't finish it and that's a rarity.  The Buddha's Delight was just as bad.  Too much zucchini and all the vegetables were soggy, not fresh, and drowning in a greasy, buttery tasting sauce.This place has received good reviews from other Yelpers, so maybe if you are ordering meat based dishes it is better.  Or maybe I caught them on a really off day.  Whatever the deal is, what we ordered was not good.
4	My wife and I have had takeout from NCC probably 6 or 7 times in the year that we have lived in NLV. This is easily the best Chinese food we have found in NLV and we have tried multiple places. The potstickers are excellent as are almost all the dishes we have tried. Orange and Strawberry Chicken are both really good. If you are ordering takeout, highly recommend doing the Family Meals on the menu since it will save you quite a bit of money over ordering ala carte, although your selection will be a bit more limited.
4	I'm not sure what make me keep coming back, but I just really dig the place. The staff is friendly, food is made quickly, and it tastes good- guess that does it! I guess you could say I'm a chile-head, and they do a good job making my dishes extra spicy when I ask.
4	Cute place for cheap chinese food. Nothing special, just a good hole in the wall neighborhood spot. The soup is really good and thick. The fried rice and sweet & sour pork were yummy.
3	Delivery took about an hour and a half. Food was decent. Same as all the other Chinese places around Las Vegas. Nothing to brag about really. It was good for the price.
3	I've ordered from here twice and both times haven't been bad. They weren't amazing,  either, but the delivery was fast and they were really friendly.The chicken fried rice here was a little on the bland side, sadly. And the pork fried wontons are a no-go for us -- they're VERY greasy...very very and the meat inside has this funky taste to it. Almost tangy? Maybe too much soy or something.The lo-mein was good, but oilier than I'm accustomed to (are you sensing a theme?)The sweet n' sour chicken is decent -- white meat and your standard sweet n' sour sauce. They do have the good sense to put it on the side so your chicken doesn't arrive in flaccid hot pink blobs.Now that I've tried Jasmine Express, I probably won't order from here again, as their same menu items were a bit better, but they're definitely not bad.
4	What a wonderful discovery.I went during the lunch special and was very very pleased.The server was friendly and had the crispy noodle thingys with sweet n sour sauce at our table in a flash. The egg drop soup was some of the best I have ever had.I ordered the "Strawberry Chicken" and enjoyed every last bite.Such a nice portion for the price and no grizzle or anything.I highly recommend you try this place if you haven't.They offer delivery.
4	Good food, clean dining area, friendly staff, and fair prices - can't ask for much more.  I would eat there again.
5	New China Cuisine has great food and service.  We go there quite often.  My husband like spicy dishes and can ask for the dish to be extra spicy, and they have n problem with it.  I usually get a chicken meal, and have not been disappointed.  The people are friendly, the atmosphere serene.  We will go back there.
3	I would say this is your above average Chinese restaurant.  The food is the same as other Americanized Chinese restaurants.  It is cozy inside, some booths and a few tables.  They do have beer and wine here.Good size portions, fair prices, pretty fast service. This is your typical review for a typical restaurant.
3	Lunch was okay.  Not great, not terrible. Just average.
4	I personally love coming to this place. The staff is extremely nice and easy going and the food is very good!I also like that you can place an order online.VERY convenient when im craving Chinese on the way home from work. Beef & Broccoli, Chicken with hot garlic sauce and their wonton soup is fantastic!
5	my husband and i luv coming here. the food is great
4	I like their Mongolian Beef & Dry Beef Chow Fun. Really good :)
1	FOOD WAS HORRIBLE! why didn't i listen to the reviews on Yelp? Im stubborn and wanted to give this place a try. All of their food tastes just like their strawberry chicken. was it really all strawberry chickens made to look like beef, pork.. wonton.. etc? maybe they mass produced this -said, strawberry chicken and masked it to look like other items on the menu. whatever. shitty food. good luck.
1	Worst Chinese Chicken Salad I ever had! It had 3 small pieces of chicken and was more like a garden salad! Will never go back!
2	I used to really like this place, a few months  ago. Tonight I was really dissapointed. I ordered take out, family dinner B. Normally I love everything about the family dinner, especially the house fried rice. Tonight I had to throw the whole thing away. The biggest issue was the overall taste of chemicals. I was confused but realized the container had melted. What kind of take out container can't withstand heat? These takeout containers! My crab Rangoon, spring roll, and fried shrimp container had holes where the heat burned trough. Wow. Definitely not a good corner to cut. Also, the rice usually has a plethora of meats and veggies... Again highly dissapointed with my one piece of chicken, few shrimps, and mostly beef. I don't think was any veggies aside from the onions : ( The spring rolls tasted different, the Kung pao had precisely 8 peanuts on top, and the strawberry chicken was ok, would have been better with sauce on the side like the lemon chicken. I'm not sure I will be back. I would like to think maybe it was just an off night, but I'm afraid I'm making excuses because i can't bare to be without a good, close, Chinese place. (I love Thai basil but it's not exactly "takeout Chinese") I'm going to bed with a belly full of sadnessLike
5	Absolutely love this place! The Orange Chicken is delicious! I love their Egg Drop Soup as well. Ever since I found out about this place a little over a year ago, It is the only place I go to for Chinese food. Very affordable and even cheaper if you get the lunch specials from 11-4pm.
5	Every once in a while I stumble upon great Chinese food.  I was fortunate enough to do so while visiting the in laws in Las Vegas.  Everything was great from the General Tsao to the Curry chicken.  None of this MSG tasting, B.S, you'll find elsewhere.  This is the real deal.  Usually I leave my in laws house with a terrible taste in my mouth.  This time I will remember the mouth watering taste of authentic Chinese food that is good enough to sweeten up a mother in laws kiss. Thank you for that experience.
5	Been here since they first opened.  I love everything that they do and the family is excellent.  They could use a small makeover but, in terms of food quality, they're amazing
4	Ordered delivery right before close. It didn't take too long and the food was absolutely delicious! My only issue was that I ordered hot and sour soup and got egg drop instead. it was still very good.
4	Good service, fast and friendly take out. Food was made quickly and even after stopping for coffee was still hot when we got it home.Only negative is the meat seems to be of low quality and I would have preferred Panda Express over the meat here. My husband loves this place though.
5	Take out made as requested, no drama. Perfectly timed. Great food Great prices. Lettuce Wraps are amazing!!!
1	Went in for lunch on Friday, the place was empty. It should of been a sign... The food was ok, tasted as if was reheated and served. The noodles were really soggy and the rice was very dry. Didn't think to much of it until I got home, reheated the food and saw a cockroach mixed in with the noddles. Needless to say I will never, ever go back back to that awful place.
5	Great neighborhood Chinese food place. The food is excellent and service was great too. I had the combination fried rice, chow mein and teriyaki chicken. I will definitely come back. Keep in mind that they are preparing your food fresh, so it may take a little longer. I suggest you call ahead.
3	I've ordered pick carry out from here multiple times but today I decided to stay and eat. For some reason the food didn't seem as great. The service was a little lacking and there was a but of disconnect between the waiter and us. I think I might just stick to ordering to go.
2	I walk in, empty. Owner-guy in an Adidas track suit is on the phone and point at the tables (like, go over there!). We sit down. And we wait for 10 minutes to get a drink. Still no menu. Wait another 5 minutes just for menus. Food drops and it's ok. Overall the food was better than the service.
4	i have loved this Chinese restaurant for the past ten years these guys know how to make hot and sour soup and the strawberry chicken is not only one of a kind but delicious.
2	My family started going to this restaurant from its opening and have been regular customers ever since. Tonight was the worst and unfortunately, we probably won't be returning. The food is usually better than ok, but tonight it was practically inedible.  When we arrived we were told to just pick a table. The soup was so salty I nearly threw it up. After one spoon, I could not eat anymore. The Happy Family brown sauce was also extremely salty. The "crab" meat used in the dish was fake,salty and rubbery. All of the vegetables in the dish had completely absorbed the brown sauce, rendering them inedible as well.  The service was spotty at best, but they were very polite. Although there were not many people in the serving area, the servers were busy with everything else. We had to ask for spoons, knives, and water. We had to ask for clean tea cups, because they were sticky and had dried food in them. Then I saw our server washing dishes in the back. Another server rolled the clean dishes out using a trashcan as a trolley.  Needless to say, I felt disgusted and a little sick upon seeing that.  The decor has seen better days and has not been updated since opening day. It feels a bit drab, but it could be forgiven if the food was still up to par. But, sadly the quality of the food has gone the way of the decor- dull, boring, tasteless and not worth another visit. I really hope they improve soon. I'd hate to see them close.
4	There was an uncomfortable smell lingering in the air last time we ate inside the restaurant so we have decided to keep our visits solely to take out only. We usually get the dinner combos which is plenty of food for less than 10 bucks. It comes with your choice of entree, pork fried rice, cup of soup, crab rangoon, and an eggroll. Such an awesome deal and very delicious. My favorites are the strawberry chicken and the egg drop soup.
4	I grew up going to only one Chinese food place most of my life and this reminded me of the place back at home. I don't always eat Chinese food because for one person you can end up spending a lot but this place is great! They have nice combo meals that make it weary and their food comes out fresh and hot. I would recommend!
1	This place just isn't the same. I've been eating here for a while and keep noticing the decline with each visit. When I walked in it took forever to get seated and the smell was really bad inside. It smelled like rotten eggs so they might have some pipes that need a checking. I did have 6 people at my table but there were no other customers so waiting just over a hour for our food was beyond ridiculous! The egg drop soup was a gloppy mess and my beef dish was tough with a terrible flavor. I have ordered this dish many times and just isn't what it once was. hen the bill came our server assumed we needed split checks after I specifically told her that I was paying for our party and she made it very confusing and awkward for the myself and the others at my table. I questioned coming back since the experience here wasn't what it once was ans then I saw a ROACH running across the floor and knew I'd never be back again.
1	My family and friends have been getting together for a few years here to grub. That will be happening no longer. The last 3 visits were terrible and the last visit specifically was not good. I'm sad about this because I really loved the food before, but now it's just not consistent. On this last visit we were the only customers in the restaurant yet it still took over an hour to receive our food and the food came out staggered. My niece only wanted Egg Drop Soup and they totally forgot to bring it to her and only did so after asking a 3rd time about it. When she finally got her soup it was like a bowl of gloppy gel. I loved the soup here before, so I have no idea what has happened, but it wasn't even edible. What I loved ordering here most, Strawberry Chicken, tasted awful. One thing that wasn't easy to ignore was the nasty smell inside. It smelled so badly of like sewage or something. Then at the end of the meal we noticed roaches on the floor! OMG I was so ready to leave. Drinks come in cans and refills aren't free. After loving this place for so long it's a major disappointment to see New China Cuisine go so downhill.
