5	Clark was very prompt and experienced! His prices were great, very affordable. I would highly recommend him to anyone needing any type of audio or visual work done. I will be using his service's again in the future.
5	My technician was awesome. He responded quickly to my call and made it out to my house the same day! I'd definitely recommend him to my friends.
5	I had the one of the best customer service experiences with this company and the technician. They were on time and efficient with the job. They responded quickly to my call and everything was resolved same day. I will definitely be using them again the future.
5	I am so impressed -my techs were amazing, experienced and thorough. They arrived at the time they said they would, very helpful and professional. Without reservation, I would recommend Clark and his staff to anyone I know in need of AV work. I will definitely contact them again in the future. Their prices are very reasonable, great communication, and they work quickly and efficiently. Thank you, Arizona Direct Satellite &Entertainment - you went above and beyond and far exceeded my expectations!
5	I came to visit my dad and help with an annual house cleaning. During said cleaning, I managed to mess up a few cables behind the tv while dusting. Oops. Suddenly, no direct tv, no sound. We tried to reset the system, called the 1-800 number for Direct TV, etc. No help. So, I checked trusty Yelp, of course, and found this nice, local, independent Direct TV provider. They answered promptly and we're able to come by right away since they happened to be working nearby.I knew it was just a user error, some kind of configuration issue, but how wonderful to get the system all functioning properly and so quickly! It sure beat having to call my husband, who got left behind this trip, and have him try for an hour or more to walk us through the issue. The two guys who came were very pleasant as well as prompt; the price was reasonable for a service call. I wouldn't hesitate to call them again in a minute.
