5	Tucked into the northwest corner of Williams Field and Power, this is a great find! I came here after hearing about it on KUPD and will definitely be back! They had a great selection of juices and the staff was incredible when it came to answering questions and making me feel comfortable. Prices were great. Glad I found this spot close to home!
5	These folks are amazing when it comes to support with quitting smoking, finding the right eLiquid flavor to get started with and guidance on which equipment works for specific individuals.The tasting bar here is HUGE! Every flavor they have for sale is available to try in 0 nicotine so that anyone can try anything they have to offer. The staff is very knowledgable and friendly as well.
5	The shop is great and has everything you could want in a local shop. They are very friendly and have good prices as well as a nice selection of house flavors. The employees Jeril and Chelsea were very helpful in getting my friends get hooked up with there first set ups.
4	Heard about them on KUPD (HMS Rules!). Awesome location since I work across the street. The have FiveStar rewards which is cool. Shop is very nice an clean. Cool bar for taste tests. Lots of flavors and different types of hardware. I went in and just grabbed some juice. My only complaint is that they don't have 3mg strength juice. I use RDAs and vape low nic, but not zero. All in all, it's a good place to visit. Met Hud, the owner and he's super cool. If they stocked 3mg, I'd be there more often. Thanks!
5	This vape store is awesome me and my husband were new to vaping and the staff (Jared especially) really helped us out when choosing a new mod and atty. They also have some really nice juices and the owner is pretty awesome too cause if he can't find it, stock it, or make it,  he will make you a deal thats just as good if not better. Jared also put together the new mod and got everything running properly for us he is a genius when it comes down to building these things. So go to big daddy vapor for all your vaping needs and when someone asks you where you got it,  you can say you went to Jared.
5	Chelsie is awesome!!!! She helped me resolve an issue by providing amazing customer service after the sale.. Please don't hesitate to go here!
5	This a small out of the way place. Upon looking into it I was a lil disheartened to see the minimal selection of products. Although they do have a great selection of juice and a great bar at which to sample them. Customer service was great and Jared was very helpful. I got a nautilus mini tank and aspire battery from them along with a couple bottles of juice. They were friendly n helpful but did not have nearly as much selection of products as other shops I've been to. Still a great place with friendly folks to help you. If your use rba type you can get lots of great advice and help from Jared.
