5	3 words of wisdom.... Banana Cream Pie! I'm completely addicted. And I love the fact that I can have breakfast at midnight. Their pancakes taste like my grandma's, and their breakfast skillets and omelettes are delicious. Very friendly service and a great place to bring the whole family.
2	I went here on Father's Day morning for some breakfast after a late night. It was very busy, but we were seated within 30 minutes. My husband and I both ordered from their choose 4 items for $6.95. For the most part everything was decent except my biscuit was hard as a rock around the edges and my husband's french toast was served cold...the huge pat of butter they put on top was hard and cold and because they french toast was cold, it did not melt. I was ok with overlooking my biscuit, but the husband wanted some new french toast, as he should.It took 20 minutes for us to get someone's attention about the french toast, and it was the manager on duty. We told her it was served cold, instead of asking if we would like a new one she asked if wanted a to-go box???? I said no, why would we want to take it? She then offers to heat it in the microwave...again I told her no, it ruins it when you heat in the microwave, and I said we just want a new one. She then insists that we take it home and just freeze it and then have it later because this is what she does. She says they are busy and it will take forever to get a new one. At this point I tell her we do not want it all and we just want the bill so we can leave. She deducted $2. I was very disappointed in the way she handled this situation, I tried to call a manager at the restaurant to complain about her and she picked up the line, when I asked for another manager, she hung up!!** We did buy a Boston Cream Pie to take home, and it was delicious**
4	I had a piece of peach supreme pie last night, it was good. My friend had all you can eat fish and chips, she enjoyed it too. Next time I like to visit on Wed to just enjoy the free pie. =D
1	I picked up a coconut cream pie for my Moms birthday the other day. It was bland, and really lacked flavor or any good qualities. It was definitely NOT worth the $12 price with tax! I don't think we will be back for a pie any time soon.
3	We waited for over half hour to be seated, we asked what the delay was since everyone else was getting seated and the hostess had crossed our name off the list. Though we were sitting right in front of her. Even the manager Sharon did not question why we had not been called. They just kept seating everyone else.  Waiter Ken was a delight, and very friendly, he made up for the long wait, food was great, perfect portions and strawberry crepes were very tasty.
2	Why is it that when we always go in, there is hardly anybody here and yet it takes so long to get seated?  It takes so long to get your food?  WTF?
4	Great selection of pies.  Yummy french toast too!
1	Waited for 40 minutes, then was told the computer dropped our order and should be out soon. We left hungry because we had to get to an appointment. My husband called and spoke to the manager, Donna, who said they had been having that problem all morning. She said she saw us sitting for a long time with no food, but the server told her it was coming out soon.  If you know you are having a computer issue and you saw a table with no food for that long in a nearly empty restaurant, would you not check with the kitchen to make sure the ticket was in and ask why it's taking so long?
3	First experience at this location. I was not greeted the moment I walked into the door which I believe is because they were super busy. I did have to wait a while until someone put my name down on a reservation. Once I had my name down I only had to wait three minutes. I had to wait five minutes before someone came to take my drink order. I was fine with that because this gave me a chance to review the menu. Many options to choose from.Reviewing the other tables everything looked hot and fresh. That is how my food came out.
3	Not the best service in town!!
2	I am not a fan of this Village Inn location. I ate here the other night because I had a pie craving and my boyfriend was hungry for some type of breakfast meal. We were seated promptly by a friendly hostess and then greeted by our not-so friendly waiter. As we reviewed the menu our waiter came back quite soon asking if we knew what we wanted to order, and we asked for a few more minutes to decide, he seemed very   displeased by our need for more time. He then came back saying "Your menus are closed so I am assuming you are ready to order" I don't know if this was meant to be friendly sarcasm, but I sure did not appreciate it. I ordered their banana cream pie and  my boyfriend decided to order the VIB which seemed like the best deal for someone who wasn't looking for a large meal. So, for his VIB he chose french toast, scrambled eggs, bacon and a side of fruit. We asked our waiter to bring us an extra plate with the meal so we could share if the VIB and to bring the banana cream pie after we were finished with the meal. So the meal came, and the food was okay. The french toast was kind of soggy and really bland, the fruit portion was so tiny that it was almost laughable. The bacon was alright, it wasn't too crisp, but at least the scrambled eggs were good. After we finished eating, we didn't see our waiter for awhile, but when we did he came with the pie and took our plates away and said nothing. The pie was okay, I don't know if their pies are made on site, but it was nothing great. There was hardly any banana flavor in it which was quite disappointing. I have eaten at a different Village Inn and tried their French Silk pie and that one was quite delicious. It could just be the type of pies, I don't know.To sum it all up, the service was under par especially for how empty the place was at the time and the food was almost as bad as the service(not including the kind hostess of course). I will choose to try another Village Inn in hopes for better food and better service. This one is definitely off my list.
1	Poor service. Old instant tasting coffee.  Had to ask for a rag to wipe off food from seat.  You would think the hostess would have offered some type of apology and wiped the seat herself but rather she handed me the rag and watched me do it.  By the time the food came we were so cold that all we wanted to do was finish and leave so we could warm up.  Food was ok at best.  Would NEVER go back here for any meal!
1	I'm glad I'm not the only one that has observed sub-standard flair from this location, management is piss poor and doesn't get it, now they won't get my business. I ate there in December with family and the experience was that of a very "OFF" operation, nobody to sit you, the front was totally bare, 2 members of the wait staff walked around and served their customers while my party and several others just waited around, a manager that was no where to be found who should have been observing what was going on but was in the back room probably surfing the internet. Food was overcooked, 3 orders of Eggs Benedict may have well been hard boiled and the sauce had turned, the one order they got right or got it close to being right was the simplest, eggs scrambled with cheese, whomever came up with the idea that you cook it, drop it on a plate and sprinkle the cheese over it and hope that it melts needs to have their cooking spoons taken away but it was tolerable. Made a few comments to the manager at that time, she was apologetic, I gave them another chance, they blew it again, Sunday morning, busier restaurant, staff met us at the door, sat us and we waited, and waited and waited, watching the waiter from our section walking around the parking lot was a lot of fun while we waited. Finally a waitress came over and got our drink order, could have shown up with water then taken our drink order but it didn't go that way, a few minutes later and we're still waiting, finally some coffee, water, other drinks and she walks away, HEY WE'RE READY TO ORDER, I know she hears it, I'm boisterous at that point, no difference, we wait some more. Fast forward to the food, everything cooked wrong or entire orders are wrong or in one case it has to go back and before finally throwing in the towel and telling the waitress cancel the re-order, everyone is done but one person who didn't end up eating because for some reason it takes longer to cook a medium rare steak than the well done one they delivered or maybe the eggs were still being scrambled. I called the manager over, advised her of everything that transpired, pointed out her employee was back in the parking lot walking around, talking on the phone and smoking to which her response was oh he's on break, 3 times in the last 30 minutes... wow I wanna work here you don't have to do anything! Food = CrapService = Crap This is not indicative of the chain but this location = CRAP !!! Hope they manage to turn it around or there will be another closed food location in Litchfield Park!
3	"Free Pie Wednesday"I enjoy eating at Village Inn on ocassion. I am always greeted by friendly staff, seated almost immediately, and the food at Village Inn has always been good.Village Inn offers meals under 500 calories and serves breakfast all day.  I like the Mediterranean omelette, with sauteed artichokes, fresh tomato, spinach, feta and topped with avocado  and the multigrain pancakes are also pretty good.If you visit Village Inn on a Wednesday you will get a complimentary piece of pie.  I have to admit I really like free "pie Wednesdays". All in all I believe Village Inn offers good value for your money, courteous service, reasonable prices, and short waits (except on Sunday mornings). If your looking for a quick and reasonable breakfast, stop by.
4	Stopped in for the pie. And it was good.Family had the hankering for pie to celebrate the New Year. Ran up th road to Village Inn. The service staff was cool and I procured a Triple Berry and a Peppermint French Silk. Arrived home to much fanfare and squealing from my wife... and little girls. If only being a hero was really this easy.Seriously, the pies were good and the crusts were perfect. We'll be back.
