5	The waitress was so sweet, super friendly and as accurate as she could get. I ordered the veggie burger and my daughter the bacon cheese burger. Both were cooked to perfection. The fries are bottomless, can't beat that! The onion rings were delicious, especially when smothered in their ranch dressing. The vegetables were crisp and ripe and the buns were perfectly soft. Our drinks were always filled and service was fast. Our waitress was a total sweetheart. She noticed my daughters Keropi watch from McDonalds and told us of how many her daughter had collected. We told her we had just visited 3 different McDonald's locations  in search of that Hello Kitty watch and we had no luck. She immediately went to the back room and came back with an unopened Hello Kitty watch and offered it to us!!! I was amazed. I hugged and thanked her. She reminded me that there still are giving people in the world!!!
4	I found myself here after completely failing getting drunk at the poker table at the Sante Fe because I'm an internet kid who likes to make bad poker decisions due to spite.I walked up to Johnny Rockets after seeing that FEAST buffet was closed since it was 11pm, I thought they were going to kick me out since I hadn't shaved in over 2 weeks and was looking quite homely.  So I had a nice exchange of words with the cashier.Cashier: How are you doing? What can I do for ya today?Joey: The hamburger sounds good....but the tenders seem good as well...hmmmCashier: Well, with the tenders you get fries and a free drink for $6.99Joey: How many tenders?Cashier: 6Joey: SoldCashier: Ok, the price is --Joey: Don't worry, you sold me, that's why I said sold :)I sat at a table and drank some root beer, the service was very fast and my waiter (Joe) was pretty awesome.  I was completely digging the tenders with their special wing sauce.  Overall it was a pretty good experience.And if anyone from the wait staff that was there before I left saw what happened, give Joe my best regards, I didn't mean to bury him :(.  You know what I'm talking about :(.  I was gonna include they reason why this in the 2nd part of my review...but yeah, sorry Joe.  I'll be a returning customer for sure if I ever find myself at the Sante Fe again.  I guess if anyone really wants to know, well my yelp nickname isn't called "The Social Assassin" for nothing, ha.
1	There really are no words to say how bad this place is.  Been here several times out of convenience but it never gets any better just worse.My son and I came in and sat at the bar hoping service would be a bit quicker.  There were likely 10 people in the place, 1 waitress, one guy at the grill and someone who later indicated that he was the manager.after about 5 minutes, i walked up to what would normally function as an ordering station and the waitress indicated she would be right over...yeah...a waitress to take your order at the bar.it took another 5 minutes to get our orders in and i noticed several seats of "left overs" sitting to my son's left on the bar.Drinks came fast enough....then it was the great wait.After about 15 minutes the waitress came over and indicated that our food should  be right out (needless to say, I'm looking at the grill...and the guy can't seem to do more than 2 burgers at a time.15 minutes later, I've had it.  I've been watching the manager and the waitress chit chat up around the POS system for about 5 minutes without a single order going out.  I go over and indicate that I've been waiting 30 minutes for two simple hamburgers.  They go over to the grill and tell me that it will be a few more minutes.I look over the bar, its not filthy, but certainly not clean. The left overs that were there when we sat down are still there, and ask to speak to the manager.The kid with the greasy hair and mid sized gagues in both ears indicates that in fact he is the manager.  I made it clear that his operation of the establishment were well below par. I pointed out that we had been waiting 30 minutes for 2 burgers and that none of the left overs on the bar had been moved in that time.I slapped down a 5.00 bill to cover the drinks my son and I had and we walked out.  I would love to say that this was an isolated experience. However; we've eaten here a half dozen times and its never never fast, frequently we've had to buss the tables before sitting down, and from here on it, I've made the decision that no matter how convenient...its just not worth the agrivation.
3	Need some people work
4	This is a great location for good burgers ! This is located inside Santa Fe Station Casino and we initially wanted to eat at the Feast Buffet but the line was way too long so we ended up eating here.This is my 2nd favorite burger after Crepevine in Oakland,CA. They toast the bun perfectly, the meat was really good, so were the fries and the side of mayo I got was delicious! It was very creamy with a hint of Mustard, it tasted almost like pure Mayo from Belgium! Service was fast, food was really good. Would definitely recommend this restaurant.
4	juicy BIG hamburgers...big fries...fantastic shakesvery friendly staffinside the santa fe station casino/hotel
3	This location is a lot cheaper than the ones at the malls. Everything was pretty much the same, minus the metal cup your extra milkshake comes in at the other locations; just better prices.
1	I have ate at Johnny Rockets other locations and they were GREAT! However when I decided to eat this Johnny Rockets at the Santa Fe Casino I was very dissappointed. The BBQ Cheeseburger was over cooked and the bun was hard. The cheese fries were soaked in cheese. They almost looked like someone had puked them up. I was appauled by this establishment. I explained to the cook and cashier my issues and they smiled and said we cook this way for everyone everday and your our only complaint. WOW! Customer service sucked as bad as the food did.
